On Friday night, all I could think about was pad Thai. So I knew that with an afternoon to myself planned for Saturday, I was going to treat myself to a movie and some takeout on my couch. Smile was one of the only places on Grub Hub with free delivery, although there was a $15 minimum. I ordered my pad Thai and threw in some lemongrass soup with shrimp. 

The meal arrived hot within thirty minutes. The soup was just right - the perfect amount of spicy, sour taste, with fresh vegetables (still crunchy!) and three large shrimp. The pad Thai was enough for two meals. It yielded four cups (I measured). It was a bit drier than I would have liked but I did enjoy the fresh bean sprouts. Next time, I'll ask them to make it a little bit spicy, since there wasn't any heat. Next time will probably come very soon.
One stormy night, I was craving lip smackin' good Thai food. Silly me, I wanted to try out a new spot, instead of going to my usual/ favorite spot. Smile Cafe was on my home and has four Yelp stars, so I tried it. 
It was nice and cozy spot, with friendly and attentive staff. My food, however, was oddly bland and boring. 

Usually, at any other Thai restaurant, the server always asks me how spicy I'd like my food? scale 0-5?(sometimes 0-10) I was not asked here, and I didn't realized it until I got my Pad Sew Ewe. The dish heat scale was zero. I wasn't looking to lick the sun or to eat lava, but some kind of taste. I understand that not every Thai dish have heat in it, but from my humble experience this one usually is. I added a lot of side Chili but still I wasn't satisfied with the taste. I also had Steamed Dumpling which were good.

- BYO.
- Outdated online menu prices. 

Two and Three Quarters Yelps
Duck pad thai.

Wonderfully rich, savory-sweet noodles that just melt in your mouth. Each bite begs for the next one with an insatiable anticipation. Before you know it, your plate is empty and your smile is turned into a frown. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the best pad thai I've ever had in my life.

Not only is the food delicious but the portions are generous as well. Staff are very friendly and helpful. It's also relatively cheap and and fast. And after that momentarily frown on your face after you just devoured your duck pad thai, I guarantee you'll leave this adorable BYOB smiling again.

Smile Cafe truly lives up to its name. I love this Thai BYOB!
The lunch special is something, like, $8.
IT IS AWESOME. You get two "appetizers" and an entree.
The salmon penang is my new favorite thing.

I really don't have much else to say about it.
I like you, Smile.
I've got a go-to Thai restaurant, and I've grown accustomed to their food - it's always delicious and fresh-tasting. Tonight, I was feeling lazy so I decided to order delivery from Smile. The lemongrass soup with shrimp was delicious, as usual. The chicken with green curry was sadly not up to par. I didn't like the taste of the chicken and the brown rice I paid extra for was way overcooked to the point of being mushy. 

Next time, I'll walk my lazy butt to my usual Thai spot!
I've eaten at Smile Cafe more than a dozen times. The food is consistently tasty, fresh and satisfying. One order of cabbage salad at $4.00 is a great first course to share. The dressing is tangy and authentic, not Americanized. Main courses are modestly priced, offering a wide selection of seafood, meat and vegetarian choices. Service is fast and friendly. The other diners always look happy--  mostly romantic couples or small gatherings of friends. WiFi is free. The restaurant is also an art gallery, displaying modern oil paintings that are changed often. We root for this kind of restaurant because it makes our city unique, diluting the saturation of chain restaurants in Philly.
So-so Thai food.  I ordered the Pad Thai which tasted overly sweet, like peanut butter and ketchup mixed together.  The ambiance was nice and service was good, so I might come back to try something else.
We lived in Thailand for 3 years and this is as close as it gets here in Philly!  REALLY good food and service is perfect...it's BYOB.  It is a small space, but they do take reservations.  They have even made dishes for us that were not on their menu and gave us a "recipe" for a dish they did not have ingredients for.  Also do take out, which we do when don't feel like going out.  You should try this place if you like Thai food...much better than the other philly thai restaurants.
The friendly staff are happy to serve your BYOB, which is a feature of many Philly restaurants that an SF resident like me really appreciates. The food was delicious and included plenty of veggie options and "mock duck",  a veggie meat substitute. (I didn't care much for the texture, but it tasted ok.) Nice atmosphere, good for dates. Only seats about 20 so make a reservation for more than 2.

The art gallery upstairs is nice and hosts work (currently) by 2 artists. It can be a bit hot up there but is well lit.
Catered office lunches are a lot like checking out new music. You borrow a disc, try it out with no commitment, see if you like it. If it's good, you rip that one and hit up itunes to find more tracks. If it's really good you say, "damn I gotta see that sh*t live!" 

Thus was my experience with Smile Cafe. They've delivered lunch to the office a couple of times. Tried a little bit of everything. Each time I'd say, "I gotta go check this place out." 

Any place that can deliver Pad See Ew and have it be delicious and not all stuck together despite being carried across town has to be pretty good. 

I was not disappointed. 

The Pad See Ew was even better at the restaurant, as one would expect, and the red curry was spicy and delicious, not to mention the place is a quaint hole-in-the-wall. Service was friendly and fast. 

Definitely glad I checked the place out for dinner. Smile Cafe is now my no-frills, go-to Thai place in town. And the gallery upstairs is cool.
Smile Café is like your little hole-in-the-wall Thai café on the western edge of Center City Philly.  It's more a neighborhood place than a destination restaurant.  But the food is still pretty good ... even though it is not as adventuresome a menu as I prefer.  And in addition,  the service is friendly, the prices are right, and it's BYO.  I guess that's why a lot of people are smiling inside the Smile Café!
The glowing reviews of Smile Cafe on this site prove not only how pathetic and useless Yelp is but also how low-rent and uninformed the reviewers are. Yes, I know the irony of making this statement through a Yelp review. I'm a walking conundrum.

Anyway, the food was disgusting. When I say disgusting, I don't mean it was kind of ok, or under-seasoned. I mean it was gross. My one friend spit the chicken from his pad  thai out into his napkin because it tasted sour. No, this was not some kind of ancient Thai recipe for sour chicken. It was just old ass chicken that was starting to spoil. My chicken coconut soup was even worse. Same sour ass chicken, but this time floating in a pathetic excuse for coconut soup that was watered down and starting to separate. 

I seriously thought about calling food inspectors. I still might. I gag when I think about it.

No love. Negative stars. Hate. Loath.
I have now been here twice, and I'm a fan. Smile Cafe is an affordable, nice, delicious BYOB conveniently located within walking distance of a liquor store. 

I've been here both with a large group (20+ people) and a smaller five person dinner. They were able to accommodate the larger group by letting us book out the top floor. Otherwise, the restaurant is tiny, but I don't find that to be a huge problem. 

I got the Lovely duck, which I really enjoyed (I actually had it both times I've been here). I definitely recommend it because it's something you wouldn't usually get at your average Thai restaurant, as are most of the specials here. I also shared the Pineapple Tilappia with my friend, which was equally delicious as well as unique. Mmm. 

While I didn't get an appetizer or dessert, hopefully I will next time! Definitely recommend this place.
This is a great place to hide out from the elements - it's small, intimate, painted in warm colors and just comfortable and welcoming. I might even use the word "womblike" here.

Lots of vegetarian options, from spring rolls to papaya salad to spicy basil tofu. That last one is my standard order - it's a huge serving of fresh, lightly cooked vegetables (no gross canned baby corns here), tofu that's crispy on the outside and silky on the inside, and sauce with a peppery kick (I only wish there was more of it). I love this dish in the wintertime.

The owner is usually serving the whole (small) room, and he seems to have a great feel for when you're in a hurry and when you want to linger awhile at the table. I like it here.
The price is right, but Smile Cafe's lunch special did not impress me. Drunken noodles were overcooked and tasteless, and most of the container made its way into trash. Should have reviewed some Yelp reviews before ordering take out. Lesson learned.
On a recent weekend, the GF and I were craving some Thai. After scouring Yelp, we decided to get takeout from Smile Cafe via Grubhub.

Steamed Dumplings ($4.95) 

We started off with some steamed pork dumplings, which were not exactly Dim Sum Cafe, but were fresh and subtly sweet. The scallions and crumbled peanuts were a nice textural element to these dumplings.

Pad Thai ($11.95)

Of course, we had to get some Pad Thai. The noodles were pliant and almost creamy. They came with a mix of juicy chicken and plump shrimp. The bean sprouts, carrots, peanuts, and scallions added some nice textural contrast and freshness to the dish. The dish was somewhat sweet and had a subtle heat to it that was understated. Nice, though not the best iteration I've tried.

Pineapple Fried Rice ($11.95)

The GF really felt like some fried rice so opted for this bad boy. The rice was nicely fragrant with undertones of the sweet pineapple. The chicken was juicy and moist and the veggies were fresh.

Chicken Curry ($10.95)
Peanut sauce, jasmine rice  

We had to try some curry. Smile Cafe allows you to create your own curry so we decided to get a chicken curry with peanut sauce and jasmine rice. The subtly sweet, creamy peanut curry was filled with fresh green beans, onions, broccoli, squash and had a slight heat to it. It came accompanied with fragrant jasmine rice. 

Smile Cafe offers on-point Thai food with fresh ingredients. Furthermore, the portions are pretty decent and are priced well. Be sure to check them out!
i could launch into a rant of the thai situation in general in philly, but i'll save that for another time.  the art in smile cafe, done by one of the waiters, is absolutely phenomenal, which is the nicest thing i can say about the place.  but it's a restaurant, not an art gallery, and that's where i think it falls short.  nothing here is particularly bad, but nothing is exceptional either.  it's just OK, i guess.  make sure you check out the art gallery upstairs on your way out.
Finally, I found my new favorite Thai spot (used to be cafe de laos)!! 

Smile Cafe is located in a pretty deserted area in center city, which is why it took me so long to find it! When you walk in, the first thing you probably notice is how small the place is! But it's ok, it's the food that counts :)

First time at a new Thai restaurant, gotta go with the basics right? Got the chicken satay skewers and papaya salad (extra spicy) for starters. The skewers needed some more flavor (probably just a little longer to marinade). The lime juice dipping sauce that it was served with had so many chunks of veggies and the cup was so shallow that it was difficult to get any of the sauce on the chicken, so I gave up on it. The papaya salad with shrimp was on point. The dressing was very authentic and the spice level was close to my tolerance. 

For the main dishes, my dinner buddy order pad thai and I had the green chicken with curry. The pad thai was excellent and the serving size was more than enough for 1 person. My green curry was very flavorful and the spicyness was close to perfection. It came with a variety of vegetables including eggplant (yum). I was a little disappointed that rice cost extra, but we're in center city so I'll let that slide. 

Our waiter was very friendly and answered any questions we had. My water was filled about 10 times (normal for a thai meal). 

Smile Cafe provided a great meal and I can't wait to go back with some friends!

P.S. Thank you Bryan N. for coming out on such late notice :)
The four-star rating on here is a lie.  Don't eat here.  Just ordered some delivery lunch for myself and coworkers crunching on a big project (that I'm not currently working on because this review is my 5-minute sanity break).  Ordered through Allmenus and it took about an hour to arrive.

We all opted for the lunch combos which include choice of 2 sides.  We all went with the spring roll and dumplings for our sides- the spring roll was fine, the dumplings were awful.  There was corn in them (??? WTF.) and they arrived covered in the dipping sauce which was way too sweet and tasted like molasses.  Not yummy.

Shaleta and I got drunken noodles and Dawn got the build-you-own with shrimp and red curry.  Dawn loved her curry but the drunken noodles were unexciting.  The noodles were overcooked and gummy, not enough flavor or spice, with basically no veggies just some dry chicken.  I won't be ordering from here again.
Yes!!!!! I found the best thai food at here.
I love this place, great Thai Food, 
good service.
Recommend to everyone to try this place.
I LOVE Smile, I really do- and you know, I'm not even really that big of a clean freak, but this weekend I saw a bathroom that really needs to be called out.

It was a busy Friday night. A group of friends and I were seated upstairs in the art gallery area- I didn't even know they had tables up there. I was surprised that there was a bathroom on the second floor because it's such a small place. 

I don't know which was the best part- the broken sink, which had a sign that said "broken" and a bucket to catch the drips, the bottle of hand sanitizer on one side of the faucet and the half-empty beer on the other, the guitar (??), the painting that was strewn face down on top of storage boxes, or the toilet paper roll which was placed on a leg of an upside-down chair. 

We laughed about it- we were just a group of 20-somethings with four bottles of wine between the six of us. We certainly weren't trying to impress anyone, or be impressed. The food was spot-on. This time I had the panang curry with soft tofu, which was excellent. 

But really, the bathroom. Get on it, Smile.
I hadn't been to Smile since my college days, but when walking around with a bottle of wine on an abnormally warm March night, my friend said let's get Thai food.  Both Smile and Erawan were nearby with Smile getting the slight lead on yelp, so that's where we went.  Even though the restaurant was pretty empty the waiter made us sit almost on top of the one other couple there.  

The wine was opened promptly and we perused the menu.  I went with the chicken coconut soup and the pad see ew (surprise, surprise).  The soup was pretty disappointing.  I can't really pinpoint the issue, but it wasn't as bright as it usually is.  My pad see ew, a little spicy, was pretty much on point.  Not the best I've ever had, but the spice level was perfect and it wasn't overly sauced.  The veggies in it were a little undercooked though.  I tried some of the house salad which had a nice dressing, and a bite of the chicken satay.  My friend had the radna for his main dish.  The sauce tasted like the chicken and broccoli sauce from Chinese restaurants, and there was a lot of it.  Not a big fan, but he enjoyed it.  

The place started to fill up around 7:30.  There was a gentleman eating by himself who occasionally let out huge belches that the whole restaurant heard.  By the third time, everyone was cracking up.  Come on, I know this place is pretty casual, but you're still out in public.
We went to Erawan only to discover that it is closed on Mondays (not sure how we went 6 years without figuring that out, but whatever).  Since we already had Thai on our minds, and since Smile Cafe is only a block away, we decided to give it a try.

Sorry, Erawan, but I don't think we'll be back.

For the sake of comparison, I ordered the same meal I always get - Chicken Pad Thai.  And let me tell you........YUM!!  It was served piping hot, something Erawan typically misses the mark on, and it was absolutely delicious.

The lunch special is also better than at Erawan - only $7.95 and you get your choice of two starters (as opposed to having to get a salad + 1 app) plus an entree.  The dumplings were delicious and the soup of the day, which was Chicken Lemongrass, was unbelievable.  I had never had that before.....it was somehow both refreshing and spicy.  I'll definitely be getting it again!

To top it all off, the service was fantastic.  I hate to keep doing a side-by-side to Erawan, but service there is truly subpar.  If all other things are equal (which they aren't, but just stay with me here), the better service here gives it the edge.  This will definitely be our new go-to Thai spot.b
We came for a late dinner and very much enjoyed the food and ambiance.  It is a tiny restaurant but cozy and our dishes were great:
- The garlic and black pepper stir fry was light and savory, although I did not see the black pepper.  
-The red curry tofu was solid with a spicy and creamy broth, and the pad see ew was perfectly seasoned and served with a six jumbo shrimp.  
-The chicken pad thai was very good as well with plenty of chicken and perfectly cooked sweet and savory noodles; the portion size was quite generous and is enough to last two meals, at least.  
-The grilled calamari appetizer was also a hit as it was tender with a slight char and served with a tasty slightly tangy peanut dipping sauce.  
-The chicken satay was decent but pretty standard. 
-The coconut soups were a hit but the tofu vegetable soup was literally 5 tiny cubes of tofu in a vegetable broth.  

Overall, the meal was great and service was fantastic.  We ended up talking until 10:30 before we realized that they actually close at 10 pm since they were kind enough to not even ask us to leave!
I placed an order for delivery for the first time, and there was PUBIC HAIR in the rice!!!  DISGUSTING!!!
Eons ago I used to live in Smile Cafe's neighborhood, but I never even noticed it was there.  I obviously missed out.  But based on a recommendation from karen b., I went with two friends.

I found it to be above average Thai fare.  One of the best things about the food is that it wasn't greasy.  We all know how greasy Asian food can ruin your appetite.  I am a sucker for coconut soup and Smile Cafe's did not disappoint.  The steamed dumplings were good as well.  The three of us shared entrees of Pad Thai, Pad Sew Ewe, and Pineapple Fried Rice.  All were tasty and the portion sizes were large enough that we could make three doggy bags.  Thai redo for lunch!
This is a cute little thai restaurant, pretty tasty.

I came here post snow storm with some friends. It was my first time here, and I liked the cozy setup. There was actually no space when we got there, so host opened up the 2nd floor so we could avoid the wait. I was slightly concerned that we might not get any attention from the wait staff since we were the only ones upstairs. However, they came upstairs periodically, constantly checking if our waters were full or if we needed anything. 

I can't attest to the pad thai, since I opted for a basil curry. It was a good meal, decent portions. Overall a good experience.
This place was wonderful. I really enjoyed their coconut soup with shrimp, and the Thai iced coffee. I would get those two things everyday if I lived close by...it would be dangerous.
Our server was very kind and extremely professional. 
The restaurant is tiny, yet has and calm and airy feeling too it which is nice. 
They are also vegetarian friendly, and will accommodate your veggie desires if need be.
Lovely quaint Thai restaurant I stumbled on while waiting for a class at the wine school next door. I was seated immediately. The decor is pretty sparse and unassuming but the service and food are what counts and those were both fantastic. I ordered the grilled squid salad. It was served promptly. The squid was warm and tender on a bed of crisp salad. The dressing it was served with complimented the flavor profile perfectly. I was in a bit of the hurry and the server brought my check promptly and thanked me for coming. I would definitely come back here again.
Smile Cafe is perfect for a small gathering of friends who like to drink large quantities of wine. 

Service is friendly and quick. The portions are large and fresh. I shared the papaya salad with a friend (huge pile of greens and a couple shrimp for $6.95.) I was surprised and how big the salad were for around $5...my go-to thai place at Penn State offered a soy sauce-sized bowl for iceberg and peanut dressing for a whopping $3. The salad was great and my entree was even better. I had the fried tofu and vegetables in a spicy basil sauce, which was divine. I am so sick of places that serve pre-fried, pre-frozen hard lil nuggets of tofu. Smile Cafe provided tofu that was crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and better yet- plentiful on the plate.

I had a few bites of my boyfriend's pad see lew, which was the perfect balance of chewiness, slipperiness and sweetness. I guess those are some strange words to describe a Thai noodle dish, but whatever. 

One complaint from the table-- the panang curry was a little watery. Why is it so hard to get a thick, creamy curry these days? Coconut milk ain't that expensive.
I've gone past Smile Cafe many times before, but only ate here for the first time recently.  The place is small, but they can accommodate large parties -- as shown by the long table they had for a group of twelve or so.  The staff is friendly and regularly refilled our water glasses.  The prices are reasonable.

As for the actual food, it ranged from mediocre to tasty.  The squid appetizer was well cooked and its dipping sauce tasty.  The cabbage salad was okay, but would have been better if more finely shredded and served with a tastier topping.  I sampled three different main dishes.  My pad thai was boring but at least filling; I would not, however, order it again.  The chicken in curry sauce was tasty and will probably be the dish I would get if/when I return (they have a lunch menu, so that's an option).  The spicy noodle dish comprised toothsome broad noodles in a tasty sauce, but could have had more veggies; it's a fine option if you're in the mood for broad noodles.  

Of the desserts, the poached pear was meh (I was hoping for a sangria-like wine-and-citrus infused fruit, but instead got a pear boiled in red wine); at least it came with some ice cream.  The best part of the meal was the fried banana dessert, which is also served with ice cream; mmm.
i used to live 2 blocks from here and when i first walked by i wasn't too moved, but it looked cute and small so i decided to try it out. Can't complain and I've been going here regularly since. The food is great, its cozy and the service is top notch. The gallery upstairs is also worth checking out. i approve =]
I tried this spot out today based on the other reviews.  Terrific values on the lunch specials.  Appetizer and entree for  $8!  The place is quite small but I showed up with two friends at approximately 1p on a weekday and we were able to get a table right away.  Service was decent and our water glasses stayed full.
Very cute small place.  We ordered Spicy noodles and Fried Tilapia with pineapples, tomatoes, in a curry sauce, which was pretty good.  Noodles were yummy, with a nice spicy depth to it (not sure how to describe it -- almost like roasted hot pepper, if that makes sense).

I'd say this is about 3.5+ stars, not quite 4 stars.  Will be back if I feel like Thai & don't want to go too far or can't find a better place for it in Philly.
This is an exceptional local joint.  It has a charming decor, with a seating area that accommodates maybe 20 people and new artwork on the walls every time I go.

Everything on their menu will satisfy, however my favorite dishes here are the chicken red and panang curries.
Cute small Thai restaurant. Service is great, very accommodating to special requests. Food came out fast.

Crab and shrimp dumplings. Five small dumplings with sauce on the bottom. Very good and full of fillings. 

Vegetable dumplings. Interesting fillings in a green dough. Pretty good.

Seafood salad. Very fresh with refreshing lime dressing. Big shrimp.

Flat noodle aka pad sew ew. Very good, noodles is perfectly cooked and soft not to chewy melts in your mouth. Fresh shrimp. 

Definitely get the mango sticky rice. It's served warm. Very delicious and sweet with fresh mango.

Overall I enjoyed the meal because the flavors is light, not too bland and not heavy in sodium. 

Definitely coming back to try more maybe the pad Thai.

You can create your own entree.
Extra star for being a good lunch place, 3 otherwise. I read about the lunch special, and was totally down for a $10 sit down lunch. This place was great about saying "yup, that's a vegan option" and had a vegetarian soup option rather than the one involving chicken (for that day).

Mostly, I ordered the cashew mock duck and was disappointed. Next time I'll go with something with tofu or veggies, but I'd just say pass on the mock duck. Other than that, the sauce was decent, veggies were fine, and the fact that you get 2 starters and an entree for $10 (when you include tax and tip) it's a good lunch.
After driving back from a movie (Bridesmaids, go see it!) Saturday evening, my friends and I were looking for a casual, sit down dinner. Someone suggested Smile Cafe and we were sold. Thai food hit the spot. 

Although, they take reservations, the restaurant was not crowded on a Saturday evening at 7:30 pm. The restaurant offered a nice selection of foods from the usual pad thai to the more exotic salmon. They offer a "make your own" entree that is a nice feature to the menu. You get to choose your sauce and meat that accompanies vegetables and rice. Out of the four of us at the table, three of us ordered a "make your own" with Panang sauce each with a different meat. We were all very pleased with our dishes. The portions left us just the right amount of full. 

The service was very accomodating when we paid with a mix of cash and credit cards. I really appreciate restaurants that will gladly accept that. Overall the prices are on par with other thai restaurants, but the service and atomsphere of the restaurant overcompensate for that. I hope to return again soon, maybe for takeout?
An unbeatable $7.95 lunch deal! I'm not a Thai food expert so I won't get into the debate, all I know is what I ate was tasty and fresh in a nice quiet atmosphere.
I walked by this place for 5 years and never stepped into it. It's a shame I wish I did it earlier!
I've had the shrimp lemongrass soup, in the past.  The soup is fantastic--If you're in the mood for it?  It's a fragrant soup with a strong dosing of chili oil, yes, spicy.

The choose your own meat and sauce option is a great option! Too bad the execution was pitiful for our last two visits in Smile.  

Completely, dried out, chewy, and fatty chicken with a vat of salt, chili oil, a singular basil leaf, and two chopped string beans=chicken in basil sauce w/ fresh veggies.  Me thinks, not...ehemmm.  Just call it..."old dry chicken with chili water".  Makes more sense than it's original title.

We also decided to try the spaghetti w/ peanut sauce.  I had one bite, and was completely disgusted.  If Thai peanut Alfredo sauce with petrified veggies sounds appetizing to you.  You will love this dish.  We thought it would be more of a peanut satay type of sauce.  Almost anything, would have been an improvement.

Ugh.  We won't be back.  Too bad, because you're a block away, we tip really well, and are usually ultra low maintenance diners.
My favorite Thai place in Philly. Great service and great food. You wouldn't come here for the atmosphere- it's a hole in the wall type of place but it's cute enough. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because the last time I went I thought the quality of their Pad Thai went down.

If you go for dinner, try going Tuesday- Thursday. They have a special for $15.95 that includes 2 appetizers and an entree (pre- selected options, about 8). Their spicy fried rice, curries, and Pad Thai are great options from the menu these nights.

Also BYOB! And their lunch special is cheap (about $9) and includes an entree along with spring rolls and soup! 

The food and service is awesome!
So good! And so much food! I ordered takeout from here on Friday night and was super impressed. I got the pad thai - it had tofu, chicken AND shrimp in it! I also got the shrimp egg rolls very tasty. The portion size was alarmingly huge and you know I ate all of it. Highly recommend, may be my new Thai go-to!
I ordered Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Curry with Chicken to go. Smile cafe was very quick and I liked the reusable to go bag that it came in. The food was nice and hot even after I walked back home!  The pad Thai was great and hit the spot and the shrimp were jumbo which was great. The red curry has a nice kick to it with a very gingery taste. Excited to try other dishes from here.
It's called Smile cafe for a reason! You will leave with a big ol' smile on your face. The food, ambiance and service were great. My friend and I started out with  tofu soup soup and spring roll for appetizers. The soup is probably the only reason that kept me from giving it five stars. It was extremely salty and I couldn't finish it entirely, however the tofu was cooked perfectly. The spring rolls were delicious and the sauce added a sweet tanginess, which was amazing for the taste buds. For the main course I  had Pad Thai with chicken and shrimp while my friend ordered chicken with red curry sauce from 'create you own entree' option. The portions were very generous. I couldn't finish mine and asked for the box. Pad Thai was very good, I liked that it wasn't drowning in crushed peanuts (had this experience at a different place). The chicken curry was amazing, and I secretly wished that I ordered that instead. The server explained that they have 5 levels of spicy, with 1 being mild and 5- the hottest. If you like spicy, I'd recommend to start with a 3 because it packs plenty of heat! But if you can handle more, which is admirable ; ), they can bring you the sauce and you can "build" it up to your level of hot/spicy curry goodness!
Philly is an absolute heaven for BYOB lovers. I wanted to find some spots in Center City where I can wine for free and dine for cheap before dancing away with my friends. Smile Cafe fit the bill perfectly.

What's not to like about this place? It's inexpensive, no frills, and a brief walk away from the nearest SEPTA station. When they see you with your jumbo wine bottles, they know what's up and bring out wine glasses and a corkscrew. It has SOLID Thai food and the portions are generous, so that your empty stomach will be history by the time you're done. Definitely a go-to place for a group of broke students going out in CC.
The first time I was exposed to Thai food at a naïve 16 years of age, I thought it was the most amazing culinary invention ever created. Who would have thought to combine spicy, salty, sweet, sour, and bitter flavors ALL in one dish?!? However, since that initial encounter, I have found it difficult to locate quality Thai food that can reignite that first fire. Smile Café is no exception.

I gotta give it to them though - $7.95 for a lunch special with an entrée and two sides is a pretty awesome deal. But I found the lemongrass soup just a tad too watery, the dumplings just a hair too soggy, and the drunken noodles just a bit too mushy. They did succeed in making it quite spicy (with actual chili peppers, not just flakes!), but when I order a 5-star spice dish at a Thai restaurant, I kind of expect to be incapacitated, maybe comatose, and all I did was minimally perspire (like somewhere in between nervous first date sweats and "I just walked up three flights of stairs and am trying to pretend I'm less tired than I actually am"). 

It is possible that I'm treating Thai food like my favorite, pretty, athletic, straight-A child. I may be holding it to a higher standard just because I see so much potential. So take it all with a grain of salt, but this is my review, and I'm sticking to it!
Small and beautiful restaurant right next to the Mütter Museum. When you walk in, you're immediately greeted by delicious smells. Probably the best Thai that I've had here in the city. Gotta try the Thai tea, it tastes just like the homemade stuff. Value is solid. Drunken noodles and their salmon salad is delicious. Nothing tasted frozen, only fresh. Very friendly service. Will be back.
I returned- sober and super hungry... I was pleasantly suprised by the decor. Its small, but very cozy and inviting with loads of artwork on the wall. Apparently this place also serves as an art gallery. Boy did I miss alot the last time around. Service was efficient and friendly and the menu consisted of your standard thai fare- green, yellow and red curries, spicy basil, etc, etc with your choice of meat, tofu, or seafood.... We opted for the spicy noodles with shrimp (somewhere in the fog of my drunken stupor I remembered eating something spicy with noodles and being a big fan). We also got the tofu with yellow curry. 

So I'm a total wimp when it comes to hot food, but people assume I like things spicy (the hazards of being Indian).. I'm usually  super weary at thai restaurants, and end up pleading with them to make it mild, only to find that I spend half the meal in tears from the spiciness- like I said big wimp! Thankfully Smile Cafe got it just right. The food still had a kick to it, but it was just the perfect amount of spiciness. The food was very flavorful, and I loved the fact that the curry wasn't super heavy. The tofu still picked up the flavor, but it wasn't heartburn inducing. The biggest shock of the meal was the price. We had plenty of food for two, and the grand total was $32. I've spent way way more on sandwiches for lunch!! I'm definitely coming back to this place- sober or drunk....
I have been walking past this place for the last 2 years almost everyday and always wondered. Funny thing, I didn't even know it was a restaurant for the longest time, anyhoo, that was my laziness.

So me and my friend decided to get thai takeout, and we almost ordered from Erawaan, and then I decided to check out the reviews of this place and went with it. SO HAPPY i did. The prices were way cheaper, will not lie, always helps. Placed my order through the phone and the person who took the order was super patient and helpful [ I happen to be a mad indecisive soul...] 

We got the 

Steamed Shrimp and corn dumplings
Seafood Pad Thai
Create your own Salmon dish with vegetables in Penang Curry  Sauce.

Amazing! I won't lie, I loved the Pad Thai, only problem was, where it looses a star, was the seafood was not the freshest of all, the scallop was a bit questionable, but nothing major. I would still go there in a heartbeat and order the same thing! Steamed dumplings came in a bundle of 5 and were creamy from the corn and had a great spicy kick to it! Dear god the Salmon was DELICIOUS! I thought they would be small pieces, turns out they give u a huge piece from the best part of the salmon, with beans, peppers, carrots and pineapple in the creamy rich sauce. Wish I could lick the plate. If you are sharing food, this salmon could easily be split in two. 

Point is, I would order from here in a anytime and food was plate-licking worthy! The salmon was $14.95, who could beat that? For Vegetarians, they have this thing called Mock duck and many other alternatives and will modify any entree for you too. They definitely put a smile on our face by the time we were done :]
Like many Thai places Smile Cafe's entrees are a little on the pricey side. However, they have a great and affordable lunch deal. Not the best Thai I've had but this is one of those places where price makes up for a few other things.

Had the steamed dumplings, spring roll and the red chicken curry. The steamed dumplings were okay, a little thin which resulted in the filling coming out with any pressure applied but they still tasted good. Decent spring roll, not super memorable but not bad. Red curry was good, nice mix of vegetables, perfect amount of rice, and spicy enough to not be wimpy but not make me wish I'd brought tissues either. 

Tried one friend's yellow curry which was less impressive and the potatoes weren't cooked enough. Another friend ordered the mussels and said they were good (wouldn't know, I think they're gross), but for a lunch special they gave her a generous portion.

The space is a little cramped so it's not really a great place for large groups (I'd say more than 4).
Smile is a cute little Thai spot with good food . I find Philly to lack great Thai but this place is one of the better Thai spots In these parts. I split the veggie pad Thai and yellow curry with my buddy. The pad Thai was worth ordering again as was the curry but next time I'd prefer to try their masa an or red curry . The Tom yum soup was not as spices as I'd like it. Staff was semi friendly but seated us oddly for place being empty ( tight spot against a wall ). I will be returning soon to try some more dishes  k spicy noodles being next on my list .
Finally made it to Smile after wanting to try it for years. It was the perfect spot for a girls night dinner. I enjoyed my curry though I wish it had been slightly spicier, next time I will ask. Their pick your own menu suits me very well and I look forward to returning to try other dishes and appetizers. I wouldn't say this is the best Thai I've ever had but it is good for Philly and the service and environment are way better than most in the city.
Cannot begin to express how great this place is. I've been here on a girls night out, on dates, and birthday dinners. Great service, BYOB, cozy ambience, and DELISH food! I am obsessed with the Seafood Radna, and probably will not get anything else because it's just that good. Before that I've gotten their Duck Pad See Ew and Spicy Basil Noodles, both delicious! And I always finish the whole thing. Next time you're in town, Smile Cafe is a great choice. I would call ahead (I usually do an hour ahead) just to see if they have tables available, and they usually do. GO GO GO!
Last night, we ordered the seafood Pad Thai and the lovely creamy spicy duck.  Very yummy!!!!  I am not a huge duck fan but even I enjoyed the duck.  The Pad Thai came with shrimp, mussels, and squid chunks.  My only small critique of the food is that the Pad Thai was a bit heavy on the sauce.  

The delivery driver was rude!  I'm sorry, but if I pay you a tip, I expect you to bring the food to my door.  He called me to see if I would come downstairs and out of my building because "he didn't want to find a parking spot".  This is wrong!

We will be back to smile cafe, but next time, I will wait to give a tip by cash instead of prepaying by credit card.
$10 lunch specials, 1 entree with 2 appetizers. Good food, friendly staff. Limited seating.
It was pretty good your standard thai place. 
I got duck but I wish I would've gotten something spicy.
The staff was really nice. 

The restaurant is really cute but kind of small
The food and service were both excellent. We had the salmon house special entree, yum woon sen (cold vermicelli salad with shrimp and onions), and BBQ squid. The salmon was a HUGE boneless fillet (tender, moist, and flaky) bathing in a light penang sauce (highly recommended). The BBQ squid was a nice appetizer -- not chewy or overcooked! The yum woon sen was a refreshing and tart salad full of elevated flavor from the fish sauce and lime juice, it had the right amount of seasoning -- I've had others that were just too sour because of the lime dressing. For the location and price (almost all of the entrees were under $16), the exceptional service and yummy food was a steal! A definite go-to place for a nice dinner date. There were only two sets of patrons there when we went during dinner time on a Tuesday.
This place is great. The costumer service is wonderful and the food is amazing. We had to wait for a long time to get our food is my only complaint but the atmosphere and food when it arrived were great. You should definitely try it. It's a BYOB so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine. Also, if you are a vegetarian, they will make any meal vegetarian for you which is amazing!
There are a lot of cozy little Thai places in this area, but I think Smile Cafe stands out.  I've done both delivery and eat in and I think the food is better when you eat it there.  I split a panang curry and duck pad thai with a friend.  The duck pad thai was SO WORTH the extra cost.  The pad thai was perfect and the duck was really crispy and tasty.  The Panang curry was very flavorful and packed quite a punch in heat.

The location is hard to beat, a good place to unwind after a day of walking around Center City.
Smile is the best Thai food I've had in Philly. We had a feast (we came hungry) for about $40.

We went on a Friday night and called for a reservation. While we were there, a few people were turned away because there was no seating available. Just one tip - try to sit away from the front door, because there was a lot of traffic in and out.

We started out with Thai iced tea - always a favorite. For appetizers, we had chicken satay (delicious), spring rolls (same), the "wonderful crispy" (boring), and the coconut soup (tasty). I had the Paneng curry (excellent) and my girlfriend had the Pad Thai (very good). Portions were generous - we both had substantial doggy bags - and service was good.  There was a big group of annoying people next to us (the seating area is very small), but that didn't ruin our experience.

All in all, very good experience, good service. Will be returning for sure!!

Update: came back for a double date for the excellently priced lunch special (2 appetizers and an entree for $7.95 I believe). The basil chicken was a little uninspired, and the BBQ chicken was very bland. However, the pad thai and curries are excellent, so I'm keeping my 4 stars.
My mom is allergic to cheese, so when my parents visit, it's either Asian cuisine or eating in.  We had frequented Pattaya, but were looking for a new place to dine, when I googled thai restaurants in Philly.  Smile Cafe was one of the results, and I am so very glad that I made the discovery. 

This byob is fantastical!  With an art gallery upstairs, and quiet setting downstairs, I still cannot believe it took me so long to find this place!  The food is delicious and VERY filling.  Another bonus:  you can order take out if you are craving some pad thai at your own place! 

Smile Cafe is a Thai Food Gem!  I only wish I had known about it long ago!
This is my favorite Thai place in the city!! My husband and I go here often for both lunch or dinner.  The food is always so good.  We have traveled to Thailand a year ago and the food here is definitely measurable to the authentic Thai dishes that they offer.  My favorite dish is the beef salad . . . its always a great app. to start the table off with.  Refreshing and filled with great flavors!  Its a cute little hole in the wall in the city.
I find it really tough to find good thai food in the city, and I was hoping smile cafe would be the one to prove me wrong. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed by my mediocre pad see ewe. While there was a generous portion shrimp in the dish, the noodles were overcooked and the dish wasn't as savory or flavorful as what I expect when I think of thai food! I'll probably stick to my usual delivery spot in south philly next time I get a hankering for some pad thai!
Best Thai place in the city. Reasonably priced, BYO, and large portions of decent food. I usually get the pad see ew and wife gets the spicy noodles or pad thai. Creatures of habit. Golden ring (fried octopus) was surprisingly good.

A bit on the outskirts of Rittenhouse which is a plus in my mind since it makes parking quite a bit easier. Service is prompt, if a bit brusque (our waiter last time had a strange choice of words - "you want anything else?" - for a sit down meal).
"i've been craving pad thai for two months. it's like I'm pregnant with a monk's baby" were the words of my friend when we were trying to figure out what to order for dinner. After hearing this statement there was no way I could deprive her of her beloved pad thai, but I ran into a dilemma. Where do I order it from? I'm not a huge fan of Thai food so I was clueless. She suggested we use Grubhub.com to find a place that delivers and OMG this site is amazing to find delivery in you area. Every cuisine and every place that delivers in your area! We chose Smile Cafe because of their expansive menu and location. Downside? The delivery charge was $7, which I thought was a little ridiculous. Well at least we won't have to tip the delivery man, right? Wrong! When her Pad Thai and my Rad Na was delivered the man gave me the evil eye when I asked for the cash back (our bill was $36 for two dishes, a little pricey for delivery in my opinion). He was really pissed that I asked for change from the $40 and told me that he only gets a dollar from the delivery charge. I felt so awkward and uncomfortable. Am I wrong to feel this way? But, hungry and annoyed I just let him keep it  and quickly closed the door. This food better be worth the hassle.
I was a little disappointed. My Rad Na came in two compartments, the vegetable, chicken and broth in one and the noodles in another. I would have liked them to be in the same container so the noodles could marinate and soak up all the juices. But I put it all in a bowl and tried to mix it around as much as I could. The chicken and broth were really good but the noodles were a little lackluster. They had a weird aftertaste and didn't absorb the broth well. I ended up just eating all of the ingredients from container one and left the noodles aside.
My friend was not upset with her Pad Thai at all and ate it all within minutes. She was definitely satisfied with her meal, but I was left still hungry and broke.
In my opinion, delivery should not be expensive. Twenty bucks for a dish that didn't wow me makes me pretty upset. And I'm not  a cheapskate by any means, I love to sit in a nice restaurant and just throw away my bills on delicious eats, but this was a rainy Friday chill-night. Smile Cafe delivery just  did not deliver.
Just ordered take out from Smile Cafe. Because I only get a 30 minute lunch break I need to have my food on time. The service was fast and friendly. I got the lunch special, salmon panang curry, chicken lemon grass soup (my favorite super flavorful light and delish), and steamed dumplings for only $8.00. The food was good (not great but good, perhaps I need to try some different lunch items), the price was right, and the service was fast. The sauces were light but flavorful and the lunch portion was just right. Definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.
Dining in, taking out, or getting delivery, smile cafe performs well. Food is reasonably priced (lunch special is a phenomenal deal) and BYOB optionality is always a nice touch. Recommend the curry dishes above all else but haven't been disappointed experimenting.
This place is very small but the food is amazing. The sweet spicy chilli wings are my favorite
Really good food. portions are a little bit smaller but decent price and good flavor from what I got
My friend and I visited during lunch time.  I didn't regret it at all, though outside was freezing.  Affordable lunch specials and I had the drunken noodles.  It was very good and flavorful.  The lunch came with soup and app.
I've gotten takeout from Smile Cafe a few times, but had not been to the restaurant until a friend had them open for her birthday. We had a large group so we basically took over the restaurant. I think it's great that they will do this for large parties, and it seems like a  "done thing" - on the door, their hours for Sunday are listed as "By Appointment."

The food was great and there was lots of it. The prices were very reasonable - not a cheap find, but consistent with what I expect to pay for Thai. The portions were HUGE, I barely ate half of my entree. I had the chicken satay for an appetizer, the sauce was excellent. It came with a very small portion of a cucumber salad with a great vinagrette, my only complaint is that I wish it were larger - it was mostly garnish, but was delicious enough that I'd order it as a stand-alone appetizer in a larger portion. The pineapple fried rice was good but not great, I wouldn't order it again but I'm glad I tried it. 

Service was good and very attentive (which I guess is not hard when you've only got one party to pay attention to, but still!). Water glasses were quickly and promptly refilled, ice was brought out as soon as the first bottle of white was put on the table, bottles were  opened and wine glasses procured very quickly. They did not make us feel rushed, but our server did a good job of "herding" us when necessary - it's hard to get 16 people to communally decide we are ready to order/consider dessert/etc.!

If you know you'll have a large group of people I'd definitely look into heading here for a private dinner on a Sunday. It's a wonderful idea!
Tried this place since they seemed to have reasonable prices and good reviews.  I had Pad See Ew which is my favorite dish and what I usually try at any thai restaurant.  It was definitely very tasty; large enough for two meals. I also got some spring rolls which were delicious. I wish they had added a bit more sauce to the dish but there were some yummy veggies and mixed meat. I'm going to try some other places around the area but I'd definitely go back.
The Pad Thai and Tom Yum were passable. The Green Curry was a bit better but still lacked authenticity and seemed a bit over salted. The vegetable spring rolls were very good. Portions are large and service excellent.
Came and left with a smile!

I admit my review might be a little biased because I went with the intention of getting a good Thai place as well as a good place to practice my Thai (been learning for a month, whoo!) I walked in a little apprehensive because I didn't have any kind of preference in mind but the waiter was patient with me and allowed me to choose one appetizer at a time, keeping the menu beside me.

The ambiance is very neighborly and feels very homey-- with the huge window, it also gives a nice, bright natural sun vibe. I felt comfortable, and the beautiful mural of the different Thai ethnic groups beaming on the wall was nice and cheery.

I came around five on the dinner side and ordered two apps and an entree.

The lemongrass soup (with shrimp!) was the best I've ever had, literally blew my mind. The flavorful spiciness, the lime tang-- it was so delicious that I ordered a second soup to take home with me. (And the soup was so inexpensive! Less than $4!)
 
My second appetizer was the Ka-Nom-Jeeb. I love sweet soy sauce but notoriously I am not a fan of sweet and savory mixing (as a general rule. It depends on the sweet and on the savory but... I'll leave it there.) The sweet was just enough to not be too much and I enjoyed it but I'll admit I could've gone without. This appetizer was a little more pricey, presumably because it had crab, but it was about $7~ for as many pieces, with each piece about the size and shape of Chinese shumei.

Now, I admit, for my entree, I was extremely boring-- I ordered Pad Woon Sen, which is basically vermicelli noodles stir-fried with love and also everything I want in life on a plate. (^': The portions were extremely generous and I ended up taking some home. Flavors were delicious and the shrimp stir fried in the noodles were huge! The vegetables were crunchy like I like and the noodles weren't clumpy like glass noodles can be.

Staff is very friendly and personable (and they said my Thai accent was good, so once again, biased. ;^) )

All in all, I would go again. And again. And again. (Until my wallet was empty.)
Very nice place, small but cozy.
The staffs are friendly too.

The food are great , reasonable price.
I recomened Pad - see -ew for ppl who can't eat spicy .
Thai salad beef for who love spicy (I'm Thai and I love spicy !!)
My friends also ordered Papaya Salad , Grill duck and Beef BBQ with sticky rice.
Everything is very yumm!
My friend and I dropped in for a casual dinner this evening, and everything hit the spot! We started out our meal with a share of the squid salad, which was nicely flavored, and accompanied by a flurry of greens.

As entrees, she ordered the panang salmon, and I ordered the spicy duck, both at "level 4" on a spiciness scale of 1-5, with 5 being the spiciest. Accompanied by sides of rice, both were enough for two meals, and so we have lunch for tomorrow!

The salmon was perfectly cooked, and deliciously flavored, with just enough coconut milk. And the spicy duck could best be described as a sweet spicy, and was lightly fried, and accompanied by carrots and broccoli.

The service was good too, and the setup was super-cute.

I definitely recommend Smile Cafe.
A small little place that has become my goto thai restaurant. Very good Thai food. Lots of veggies. Customizable options. Everything I've ever gotten has always been delicious. Staff is attentive and nice. Always a pleasure going here. Definitely recommended.
I decided to take out 3 lunch entrees for my friends. When I came to pick it up during lunch time, it was very packed. It's a small restaurant so you'll be sitting very close to the table next to yours.

I haven't had any terrible Thai food experience in the past so I was very disappointed about my pad see ew. When I first looked at it, I could tell from the color that it lacked the sauce. I was surprised by how flavorless it was. Then, I tried my friend's spicy fried rice and that too was so bland. The lunch specials came with spring rolls and dumplings which was the better part of the meal. But I was very disappointed. The portions though were plenty.
Nice menu, beautiful & artsy decor. Food was delicious and met up to my expectations. Nice for a lunch date or casual dinner.
The red curry with chicken will make you smile.  The dish itself is a bit soupy, which makes it perfect to have with rice.  It is The seating is a bit cramped but the service is fantastic and extremely fast.  Lunch specials are very inexpensive and pretty generously portioned.  I still like Thai Orchid's red curry the best but this place definitely gives my beloved standby a run for its money.
On my most recent visit...

I had the shrimp Tom Yum soup.  It was incredible, per usual.  My main course was pad see ew....delish:)
Pretty good pad Thai and pineapple fried rice, quick service, and a nice atmosphere. It's a pretty small place but I went in around 5:30 on a Friday and no one else was there.
Great ambience and delicious food. You can't go wrong with either the red or green curry. Also, the place is BYOB.
My brother's been nagging me to join Yelp for two years, but dinner at Smile Cafe tonight is what finally convinced me. It's small (seats maybe 30) and cozy, but despite being seated less than arm's length from other tables we had a quiet, good-for-conversation dinner. The intimate space must somehow encourage moderation in people's voices.

Lighting & decor are great - I didn't make it upstairs to check out the gallery, but that's on my to-do list for next time! The food, though, is what really made the night. We had grilled octopus for an appetizer, which is what kept this from being 5 stars. It was okay, but maybe I'm not a big grilled octopus fan - I probably prefer it fried. The peanut sauce it came with was yummy, sweet & spicy, and the server brought lemon slices at my request.

For dinner we had the salmon "encrusted everything with panang sauce." Oh, yum. So yum. I would say it's the best Thai dish I've ever had, except I tasted my date's dinner, and that won. It was a "choose your combo" dish: veggies, mock duck, and mussaman curry sauce. Never had mock duck before, and I think I like it better than real duck. It was more tender than duck, had plenty of flavor, and looked good! Both dishes were of generous enough portions that we took leftovers home for dinner tomorrow and were too full to try dessert. 

Great food, good service, but small. If you have your heart set on it, you might want to make a reservation. Oh, and bring your favorite beer or wine - it's BYOB and they'll supply ice buckets for chilling your wine.
Ate here Saturday night as we wanted Thai, and, well, there are a lot of average Thai restaurants in Philly, and I don't like average. This place had good Yelp reviews, so why not go for it? Plus it is a BYOB, always a plus to bring your own bottle of vino along with you. 
This place is very Philly BYOB - small, intimate, and hectic.  Nothing terribly outstanding about the decor, but it definitely was not uninviting.  Our server poured some water, uncorked our wine, but did not pour, nor did he offer the cork, nor the traditional "swig" - might be some sort of law I know not of with BYOBs, but at least for me I want to see the server at least pour the wine.
Instead of being very inviting, our server was quick and talked to my back - a quick "what do you want?" rather than the hospitable spiel I'm so used to.  
We ordered barbecued octopus because...How often do you see that on a menu? It came quickly, and was cooked quite well - nice taste to it, nice light flavoring, and not rubbery.  It came with a peanut sauce that was, in my opinion, tasty but a tad too sweet for my taste.  Still the octopus made up well enough for it and I'd not have a problem eating it again.
For the main I had a seafood spicy noodle.  Very well done. Being a seafood lover, I appreciate it when seafood is cooked well, and this was extraordinary! Nothing was rubbery, everything just perfect.  The noodles were firm, spicy, and plentiful.  The entire dish seemed to have just as much seafood as noodles, and for under $20, you cannot go wrong.  Also, while plentiful, it wasn't overdone - there wasn't too much food, but there definitely was enough to leave with a full stomach, especially with a bottle of wine. 
Our bill - two entrees and an appetizer, came to under $40.  Definitely cannot complain about that.  What I can complain about is the service - the waiter not once spoke in front of us (always behind the back) and seemed to try to rush us out.  Also, the food came out almost too quick.  By the time we were done our appetizer we didn't even get a chance to drop our forks before the entrees came! A bit more spacing would have been welcome.
All in all, I'd recommend a visit here if Thai is an option - it's tasty, convenient to many things, and for a Rittenhouse Square restaurant, very affordable.
AMAZING. Ordered delivery, had requested it to be delivered a little later, was not a problem. Super affordable, generous portions, and DELICIOUS. Got beef salad, chicken wings with spicy chili sauce, and lemongrass shrimp soup (tastes like tom yum). All for under $20!
this is actually my favorite thai place to go to.  super cute and tiny little place with delightful staff.  it's byo, the prices are great, and i always have a super meal.  

they have a make  your own page on the menu which (as a control freak) i totally love.  you pick your protein, your sauce, and they will steam or fry it for you! (i always say fry, duh) 

they have tofu available and if you order a pad thai just say "no egg" to make it vegan.
As far as Thai food goes in Philly... Smile Cafe has to be a go to. I've enjoyed their food twice, the first time was a delivery which arrived promptly and tasted delicious. 

The second time we decided to eat in the restaurant bringing our own drink.
The restaurant is clearly a converted house, which makes for a nice petite cosy feel.
Between us we ordered a Salmon Panang Curry and Spicy Seafood Noodles. The food came out promptly and tasted wonderful. My only problem with the delicious food was that it was delivered with "fancy Thai restaurant syndrome".. you know... where it is comes out all very pretty but on a flat plate that doesn't hold enough sauce. It was back in spring 2010 when I last was able to visit and so I am hoping they have remedied this since. I do however suggest giving Smile Cafe a shot. The food is good, the staff are nice and there are few better places to satisfy a Thai craving.
I'm going back and forth on the rating for this restaurant.  Some things definitely great, some things could be improved upon.  So, I settled on a 3.

I ordered the lunch special, which was a great amount of food for the price.  I had the dumplings and salad, and the pad thai with shrimp - all for $8.60 before tip!  What!?

The dumplings were very savory, which was exactly what I had hoped for.  The salad was pretty typical with a ginger dressing.  The pad thai was nice, but I thought it needed some heat and less peanut flavor.  Overall, tasty and cheap, just how I like my lunch.

One thing I was hoping for was some music in the background as I ate.  This is a small restaurant, where you can hear everything - even the chewing and slurping noises of those around you.  If I could change one thing, I'd have some kind of ambient noise or smooth jazz.  Otherwise, not a bad experience!
I was *this close to giving Smile 5 stars. First 2 deliveries and eat-in's were nothing short of amazing. The food packs much more flavor than you expect and will blow your taste buds away. The prices are exceedingly reasonable and service is good. Far and above the best Thai I've had in Philly. So why not 5 stars?

The last time I got take-out the spicy noodles were unbearably hot. The only other time I've had food this hot was at an Indian restaurant where I asked for the spice level to be "as hot as you can make it" and then sent the dish back for lack of spice. The dish that returned could start a wildfire. So the takeout from Smile was ordered to be spicy, but it was so ridiculously over-spiced that I strained the noodles 3 times using a colander and still couldn't eat it. Hopefully it was an anomaly but I have to ding them a star.

Their spicy noodles are to die for (if it doesn't kill you first) and their curry is exceptional. You won't find a better bang for buck in center city.
Food is really really good. I am happy that found a new thai restuarant ...
I was to review with 4 star as the appetizer quantity was less but entres are really heavy and yummy so balanced out. I will keep coming here and highly recommended
This was a really nice lunch before going to the Mutter Museum--great service and value.  Really nice art on the walls and generous portions in the lunch specials.  I had the penang salmon--great!
I will preface this review by saying I used yelp to find Smile Cafe. I did not  like Smile Cafe for a reason I can not exactly put my finger on, but my boyfriend did. 

My boyfriend flew in from State College to have dinner with me. Before he got on the plane, he mentioned Thai so I quickly looked on yelp for a good Thai restaurant.

I was a bit underwhelmed by the choices on the menu. Honestly, we were going to tip and leave beacuse something just felt off.  We both opted for the Build Your Own-- we had chicken, and red curry. The flavor of the soup was alright, nothing spectacular. The consistency is what annoyed me. The soup bowl it was placed in was so large, which such a small amount of broth, that I could not get a full spoon full. I know it sounds silly, but this really annoyed me. The consistency was definitely more like a coconut soup than a curry. The broth was not emulsified enough. 

I asked what vegetables came with it and was told broccoli, but the only piece of broccoli in my boyfriend's was a stem. 

In short, it was good, but not great. The eggplant did not compliment the meal at all. Cherry tomatoes would have worked better. 

I will say that the flavor of the curry was dramatically different on its own and when mixed with the rice. My boyfriend really liked the flavor of the soup. 

I guess I am comparing it to a new Thai restaurant in State College in terms of portion and price because I haven't had any other Thai in Philadelphia. WIthout comparing it to anyplace else, I think I would like it much more. 

We were the only people in the restaurant when we entered around 6:30. By the time we left, four other small groups/couples came by. It reminded me of a neighborhood restaurant more so than something you would travel to. At one point I thought the waiter wanted to sit down and eat with me because he was hovering so close for so long. The waitstaff is definitely friendly-- really, sweet.
We ordered delivery and it was absolutely TERRIBLE. My dinner would have to be free or all the other options would have to be closed for me to try this place again. It was a complete waste of money.

We ordered coconut soup, papaya salad, pad thai, pad see ew, and seafood fried rice. Here's the breakdown:

Coconut soup - The broth was flavorful enough (slightly over salted), but the shrimp was inedible. We hypothesized they may have even used old shrimp because it was just that bad (very tough and tasted off) .

Papaya salad - This may have been dressed with water. There was no flavor whatsoever. 

Pad Thai - The noodles were so overcooked that they were turning to mush. The flavor was also unrecognizable. You can't just throw rice noodles, a dried lime, scallions, bean sprouts, and chopped peanuts into a plastic container with a weird brown sauce and tell me it's pad thai.

Pad See Ew - I'm pretty sure this was covered with watered down soy sauce. There were barely any vegetables or meat, so it was really just another helping of mushy, bland noodles.

Seafood fried rice - This was edible, not delicious by any means, but edible. OR maybe we were just so hungry at this point that we were giving SOMETHING a pass. I really don't know, but this was the only thing that we even made a dent in eating since it had SOME flavor and most of the rice were still recognizable grains.

It was SAD to see my favorite cuisine being passed off in this way. I don't think you can call this Thai food or even "modern" Thai food unless you're trying to be disrespectful. Though the process of ordering over the phone was pleasant enough (spoke to a friendly-sounding person who didn't rush through the order), the quality of the food we received was just so bad that I won't be a customer here again.
Great weekday lunch spot!  The lunch special -- $7.95 for two appetizers and an entree -- can't be beat.  The portion sizes are remarkably large, too!  The food is yummy, the service is pleasant and fast, and the serene (and clean) interior makes you forget about your cubicle for an hour.
A great little hole in the wall that has the best Pad Thai in the neighborhood and good curries. 
The people who work there are super nice and accommodating. The name is appropriate ;-)
Food was tasty... great value.
The noodle dishes are worth it and the curries are okay.  The day I had food their they didn't have some food that I we wanted in.
I've always liked this place but they've redone the menus and improved their dishes. Before it was very good. Now it's absolutely excellent! Yet they didn't raise their prices. At first I thought they just ordered new, fancier looking menus. But I had some of the same dishes I've had before, and not only was the presentation phenomenal but the taste was even better than before. The flavors were all just perfect. The staff is so friendly, the place is so clean, and the ambience so warm and charming. It's the perfect place for a date. Don't be fooled by the fact that they look empty. It's one of the best kept secrets in Philly I think. They obviously care a lot about the quality of their food, cleanliness, and their customers satisfaction. I wished I lived closer so that I could go more often. Definitely try it!
Good takeout and fairly speedy. I always order the shrimp pad Thai and it has yet to disappoint. Would recommend for lunch or a quick dinner run.
Every review that recommended the mango sticky rice was not kidding. Definitely try the mango sticky rice at least once in your life.
