Cynthia, my ex-wife, used to say that I never took chances with my life. She was right -- I always wanted to play things safe. I mean, working as an actuary is a good career and everything. But I got so invested in my work that I compartmentalized everything. 14 years worth of our marriage, all gone, and it was my fault. Our twin sons are going to live with their mom in Glenside. It's not too far away and they'll be coming to stay with me at my new apartment in Manayunk one weekend a month. I know it's for the better but it doesn't feel like it is yet.

Anyways, I walked past Smiley's the other day. Like I said earlier -- I've never been much into taking chances, and that includes food. I'm more of a hamburger kind of guy. Cynthia (my ex-wife) always wanted to try Mediterranean but I always found a way to not try it. What a mistake! Smiley's food is SO great. I had a delicious platter -- pitas, hummus, roasted veggies, etc. 

It was so great! The family that runs this place are THE NICEST people. It's so great seeing a husband and wife that still know how to connect with each other. If all it took was Mediterranean food, I would have taken Cynthia (and the twins) out a long time ago.

I would recommend Smiley's Cafe to anyone in the Manayunk area who ants to eat Mediterranean food while replaying in their mind all of time times they took the road taken, instead of trying new directions. Life is a highway, as that awesome song says.
Absolutely love this place! When I lived on Main St, I probably ate here once every two weeks. I always get the Greek Gyro wrap, and sometimes falafels. Everything is great. 

The place is owned by a delightful family who go above and beyond to make sure you're served your meal with a smile! 

The pita is thinner than usual pita at greek restaurants. I would consider this pita to be more-so lebanese. Delicious!
My fiancé and I have called in for takeout several times. Each time ordering was super fast and we were able to pick up as fast as we could walk there. Both sandwiches and platter are delicious! Sometimes we'll get an extra side of hummus to share which is also superb. Affordable and portion sizes are generous!
For the posters confused by all the 5 star ratings and comparing this to food they ate in the Middle East and not being authentic enough - be realistic.

All things relative - for the area, this is the best beef gryo and shwarma you are going to get. Period. 

I am so thankful that I don't have to deal with an americanized version of a gyro by places like fiesta pizza II and Dantonio's anymore when I get a craving.

Thank you Smiley for bringing something new and fresh to Manayunk instead of just another pizza joint!
Either my tastes have changed or Smiley's has improved.  Maybe a bit of both? Regardless, Smiley's went from an option to one of my regulars over the last several months.

Getting a beef gyro is simple but delivers a wonderfully tasty lunch or dinner.  I'm hooked on their tabouli salad.  I recently tried their falafel platter.  While it doesn't replace the recently closed Mama's falafel my heart and belly miss, it does well on its own right.

I've also enjoyed a few of their real fruit smoothies.  I really love the one with honey and coconut milk, however, the name is escaping me at the moment.  Go large FTW.

They have very limited seating even prior to COVID restrictions.  I think they only have one or two tables outside, so it is more of a to-go joint.  They staff has always been friendly. Really, I can only end by saying check them out!
My wife had a bad day so I told her I'd bug her dinner. She didn't want to choose so I spun the wheel and landed on Smileys. I'm bored with pizza and tacos. 
This was a more than welcome change of direction. 
If you are contemplating the smoothies you gotta pull the trigger on that shit. I got one and it was awesome. 
I got the beef platter and it was awesome. The platters are a lot of food. You get the protein, rice, salad, hummus, and pita. The salad was awesome. They put hot peppers in it and the dressing has some bite too. 
I can't wait to try this place again in the NEAR future. No need to buy tzatziki sauce The platter comes with it.
Unimpressed! My coworkers and I spotted this place on the way to have lunch at the Couch Tomato one day. We made a special trip the next week just to try Smileys Cafe. First of all the food is expensive for what it is. Most people ended up spending $15 on a platter and a soda. For not being a sit down restaurant- this price point is a little too high for lunch hour. Now, you can get a gyro for about $10 with no drink. This is the way to go. The gyro was plenty of food to fill me up. It just wasn't amazing. The chicken in the platters were dry and needed lots of the in-house made garlic sauce to moisten it up. The service was surprisingly fast for only having one girl working. Smileys doesn't have bad food.. I just wouldn't go out of my way to come back again. Just being honest!
Food: Get the gyro platters! So much food (meat/salad/rice/pita) for the value. The pita bread was hot and the strawberry lemonade smoothies have real fruit pieces in them, too.

Service: Amazing. The owner, Smiley, was super friendly and warm-this might be best hospitality I've ever received in a restaurant. He took the time to talk with my family and even sang happy birthday to my brother in multiple languages.

Ambience: Seating area downstairs is casual and looks a little like a coffee shop with some tables and a few couches.
Less than a week later, I was back. Judging by the obscene noises I was making as I inhaled my food, the quality and taste of the food were not just figments of my imagination. 

If I could have dreamed of a place that serves exactly what I want, it would be Smiley's. Last week, I asked about almond milk for my smoothie. Tonight, when I arrived, it was offered to me when I ordered my smoothie. I was elated beyond belief. I can't even find almond milk in places that solely survive and pay rent on making those little ice/fruit/milk concoctions. I have never had service like this anywhere else. It was like heeding the suggestion in the suggestion box only I had just briefly mentioned it. :-)

I had a blackberry, raspberry, banana smoothie and it was by far the most delicious I have ever tasted. 

Smiley gave me a chocolate banana muffin, which is going to be one of the 15 varieties offered for breakfast. He also let us know about the differences he is making in the ambiance. 

I was happy to see he was open, and we could sit outside on the rare weekend night I have off in the beautiful fall breeze surrounded by infectious happiness and great service.

But, the best part of all, is Smiley himself. Smiley appreciates your business. He recognized us immediately. And NOTHING makes me want to support him and his wife more than feeling appreciated or even just recognized. What a dramatic difference from South Street Souvlaki!
Sometimes simple is delicious.

Walking down Main Street I passed by Smiley's and suddenly had a craving for a gyro. This place definitely hit the spot for me!

I ordered the chicken gyro with the tropical craze smoothie. Food was ready relatively quickly and portions were generous. The chicken was tender and paired well with the tzatziki. The smoothie was creamy and refreshing at the same time. 

Simple ingredients that pair well together combined with great customer service had me walking out - dare I say it - smiling.

Based on the many rave reviews, I look forward to trying other items off of the menu!
Was meeting a friend down the street and arrived incredibly early and with an empty stomach. 

I love a Greek salad so I decided to try Smiley's based on the reviews. Thank you, Yelpers!  You did not disappoint. 

The woman who helped was pleasant and helpful. I think she and her husband are the owners. I ordered the large Greek salad (even though my belly told me to get the small one) and a lemonade.  

The salad was phenomenal.  Whatever seasoning was sprinkled on top needs to be sold in stores (it may already be and I'm late to the game). The only thing I would change is to have the option of adding some sort of protein to the salad. The lemonade tasted homemade and fresh. It was just sweet enough. 

This place is cozy but there is outdoor seating on the side street. I did not see a bathroom so can't comment on that. Parking in Manyunk is a beast so prepare yourself mentally if you're driving and download the app or bring change. You will get a ticket. 

I can't wait to come back here.
I love Smiley's. I love the fact that Uber Eats delivers and I can have this on my doorstep in under 30 minutes. The chicken and beef gyros are absolutely fresh, lean and delicious. The greek salad is flavorful and filling! The pita and baba ganoush is so smooth and creamy - it's my favorite in the area. Keep bringing the fresh food and the awesome flavor!
WOW, I wish I could add another star. I usually never do reviews but I absoutly fell in love with this place. The owner and staff took the time to  make me feel like this was my second home and took the time to explain each item on the menu to me, since this was my first time ever having Mediterranean cuisine. After my first bite I was hooked I ordered the beef gyro and a side of hummus with the most refreshing orange pashion smoothie. Between the great food and good laughs I would defintley be coming back again.
BAHHH this place is soo good. I crave it all the time. Smiley's is an interesting restaurant name....maybe I'm missing something with it's relationship to Greece. But it does make me smile when I put the food in my mouth. MMMMM :)

Food is always great. The falafel platter is my go-to. I love how they are always changing up the sides that come with it - salad, stuff graped leaves, tabbouleh, it's always different. The pita comes warm and once it gets warm it does get hard (LIKE ALL BREAD AFTER ITS WARMED AND GETS COLD), so make sure to keep it in the tin foil and keep this in mind when tearing up the food.The platter usually last me two meals or at least 1 meal and a little snacky. Nom nom. Maybe I'll order some now....

I have also ordered a few other items on the menu and all have been good. The tzatziki sauce is really yummy and you get a generous portion when you order the bigger size. The hummus is amazing, especially with the olive oil drizzled over it. And the price is great. 

They deliver which I LOVE. But always get sad when I have a craving after 9pm because they close.

The staff is so friendly, and the cashier I always see is always happy and laid back. She rocks!

The restaurant itself is fine. Nothing special. Very cafe-like, not too much light. You don't need to eat-in to get the full experience. I'd suggest ordering out.

Parking is on the street. Metered parking on Main but if you are picking up you can just put on those emergency flashers and run in. If you want to save some coins, there is free parking in the neighborhood that would just be a short little walk.
As I would skeptically pass by this out of the world rated restaurant I always wondered could it be that good...my first experience points to yes.

Pretty simple order of small Greek salad with chicken and small house salad with chicken did not disappoint.  There were only two top salad spots in Manayunk/Roxborough until I ate here:  couch tomato and zestos.  Now there are three.  Good price point and appropriate size.  Ease of online ordering, fresh ingredients.  Need to go back and hit up some of there other stuff.
Delicious and affordable!

Popped by with a friend to grab lunch. I wanted something healthy (read - not tons of pita) but delicious. The woman taking my order said she could essentially put the beef shawarma over lettuce, so that's what I did! My salad came with plenty of meat and little containers of hummus and tahini. The best - and surprising - part was this amazing onion/dressing that was on the lettuce. I honestly am not sure what it was, but it had so much flavor! So good. And at $7.55, you cant beat it! I'll definitely be back.
My boyfriend and I ate dinner from here last night. We were in the mood for Greek food so I found this little family restaurant on Yelp. As soon as he came home and walked through the door he says "what really nice people". He went on to describe how the owners were really nice and the establishment like home. 

The food was really good. I wasn't looking for anything fancy but just some good traditional (as traditional as it gets for Greek food in America, lol) home cooked Greek food and this place hit the spot! 

Oh and the lemonade!!!! So good do not leave that off your order. 

The price is reasonable and you get a lot of food. I just finished the left overs for breakfast :). 

We will be back!
My buddy and I were coming back from
Philly on our bicycles and rode through Manayunk looking for foods like falafels and shawarmas. Although you wouldn't know it from the name, this was the spot! They had some sidewalk signs out and that was they key. Otherwise, we would have rode by unawares.

Manayunk is trendy and fashionable these days and I am sure the upscale restaurants are great. But, we just wanted some street food and not spend a ton of cash. 

The mom working there had her kids with her and we were able to chat with her sweet 6 year old boy. Family-owned restaurants are the best. Good home cooking. 

I had the beef shawarma. It was delicious. I also had a strawberry/banana smoothie that really hit the spot. It was just what the Dr. ordered for a long bike ride from Valley Forge Park to Philly and back. 

There may be some history to the Smiley's name that they are holding onto. It might be wise to rename it something more contextual to the food. The six year old's name means "Blooming Flower" or something like that in English. That'd work.

The spot is not upscale. Just great food at a nice price. When we hopped back on our bikes (we were allowed to bring them into the small dining area because it was after the lunch rush) the older gentleman behind the counter thanked us several time for coming in. Our pleasure for sure!
I love this place. Everything is always so mouth watering delicious. The staff is passionate about what they do. A+ for fresh food and awesome service!

I have sampled quite a bit from their menu, but my all time favorite order is the beef platter, side of tzatziki sauce and a fresh raspberry lemonade. 

I have no reason to go to another place for Greek food. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
Smiley's is a hidden jewel in Manayunk. The food is classic Greek / Turkish / Mediterranean. There are options for platters (served with rice, hummus, pita bread, and Greek salad), sandwiches/gyros, and sides. They also have banana bread, smoothies, and baklava if you're looking for dessert.

I recommend the gyro platter, falafel platter, and the schwarma sandwich (comes with a garlic tahini sauce).

BYOB plus you can smoke hookah there.

Pretty sure it is cash-only, although they may be accepting credit cards now. (bring cash just in case).
"Thank you for smiling at Smiley's!" = best tagline I've ever heard, and spoken by the most adorable proprietor ever. I heard about Smiley's from a friend and decided that I HAD to have Mediterranean food on a Friday afternoon. We ordered our food and waited for it outside. The staff indoors was incredibly friendly (including the aforementioned Smiley) as well.

This is a great example of Mediterranean street food--made to order and authentic, without being super-pricey. I ordered the beef gyro sandwich platter, which (in addition to the gyro), came with a side Greek salad and a generous portion of hummus, with the additional pita to dip. I loved the salad, which was light and zingy, and the hummus was very tasty as well. The gyro was delightful and not too sloppy, which was surprising because it wasn't dry either. I also got an order of tabbouleh because I can't miss out on parsley and I was not disappointed. That was probably the freshest and most delicious thing I ordered. I piled it all over my pita and my gyro and consumed the entire tub (which was probably meant for a few sittings, but I couldn't help it).
You moved! You changed! Why??? This place used to be a secret gym and now with this recent changes lowered its status. The service is not with a smile and food is just OK. I just don't get it. You moved, no there's no seats, And you're selling tampons and toilet paper and dog food?! Who made these decisions?!
Smiley's Cafe will leave you with a smiley face. 

 As I walked into Smiley's Cafe, I was greeted by a gentleman named Smiley. Smiley speaks in third person. He says things like "Don't worry, Smiley will take care of you." He noticed I was a newbie to his cafe and recommended his popular selling items. He also let me tried the Taziki sauce that he made himself. It was tangy and had a zing to its flavor. So, I ordered the Chicken Gyro with Taziki sauce and I was very satisfied. 

  As I bit into the gyro for the first time, I could taste the chicken, Taziki sauce, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes all in one bite. The vegetables were very fresh and the tomatoes were cut the right size since I am note a fan of thick slices of tomatoes. So, if you love salad, you should definitely try out the gyro. 

 Pro tip: If you feel that the Taziki sauce is too overpowering, you can ask Smiley to put it on the side. "Smiley will take care of you."

 Finally, as a treat I had the strawberry banana smoothie. Real fruits, no powdery stuff here. Great smoothie. 

 Overall, great customer service, friendly staff, and great food makes Smiley's Cafe one of the best places in Philly to get a gyro. Highly recommended, and will be going back for more.
I ended up at Smiley's on a whim, and what a wonderful surprise. The place is on a strip of restaurants and is rather nondescript, but when one enters, one feels at home.
   One begins by ordering at the counter, and then the food is prepared while one waits. I ordered the falafel platter, which came with falafel, hummus, tabouli, and pitas. The man who took my order told me it would be enough food, and it was. All of the various foods tasted wonderful, and I even refrained from salting my food. 
   The greater testament, however, was that all members of my party were satisfied. We are all from different place with different pallets, but we all walked away content.
   For those with families, this establishment is extremely family friendly, so if you want an informal place with good food where you can take your kids, this is a great option. Likewise, if you want to avoided this type of atmosphere, you might want to think twice.
Smiley's is delicious! I've eaten here several times and have brought friends and family members who all agree how good it is. If you're on Main Street in Manayunk, make a left when you get to Whirled Peace (also great) and make your way down to Smileys. 

I recommend the fresh falafel pita with a side order or grape leaves and a smoothie to wash it all down...tropical breeze is my favorite. The gyros are also delicious and very generous on portions. 

The atmosphere is very relaxed and accommodating. They have seating outside for a nice day or a downstairs room with couches, tables, chairs and a flat screen tv. It reminds me of a relaxing coffee house I use to go to.

All the staff are incredibly friendly and Smiley himself is an awesome guy, very funny! This area is lucky to have such a good spot and could certainly use more like it.
This place has soooo many great reviews I just knew I would love the food. I'm a sucker for a good falafel platter, actually you can call me the falafel whisperer, I know my stuff. While the meal wasn't terrible I wouldn't order from here again. Very lack luster pita bread (almost stale), extremely dry falafel and the real disappointment very grainy hummus not smooth at all. I did enjoy my salad for a small it was a good size and even better price but it was missing the onions my favorite ingredients in a salad especially Greek. The portion was good as well but again it just wasn't all that & I felt like I wasted my money. Maybe it was an off day.
I just went there for the first time after hearing about it from manayunks fb place. The owners are extremely nice and attentive. You can tell the food was made with love. Everything is definitely reasonably priced and delicious.  I'll be going back very soon.
Great spot for delicious fresh Mediterranean food. Loved the beef gyro. Not greasy and flavorful! Chicken platter was huge and nicely done.
I don't know how I've never written a review about Smiley's, considering it's one of our absolute favorite spots in the neighborhood! We have never gotten something that didn't taste incredible. We tried one time to make baba ganoush at home that's close to as good as the one they make from scratch everyday... and we couldn't even get near the flavor because they make it with magic. I could talk about the baba all day. Anyway, from smoothie to shwarma, you really can't go wrong, and you'll be greeted by some of the sweetest folks in town because the owners are lovely. Try the greek salad (with chicken... how is their chicken better than all other chicken?!) and baba ganoush next time you're around... you won't be disappointed!
Smiley's was the first restaurant that I went to when I moved to the Manayunk area, and I have kept on going. I love this place. I often get their greek salad with beef added to it. It tastes great, and the portions are huge! I also often get a side of their Baba Ghanouj and a side of their Tabouleh salad. Both are amazing. The staff is extremely friendly, and remembers me when I come in, which is one of the reasons I love supporting them. It goes a long way, when you have friendly customer service. The restaurant is rather small, so delivery or pickup is the best option. I preferred pickup when I was living near Main Street, so that I could stop in and say hi. Unfortunately, now I live a little further so it's not as easy. Bottom line if you are thinking of ordering from Smiley's, do it. Your taste buds will thank you!
Smiley's Cafe is such a gem in Manayunk! My boyfriend and I stopped by and ordered the Falafel Platter, Beef Shawarma and Pineapple Lemonade. 

I personally loved the Falafel Platter which came with 6 pieces falafel, assorted vegetables, hummus, pita and 3 grape leaf wraps. The falafel was incredibly tasty and the entire platter was generously portioned. 

My boyfriend enjoyed his beef shawarma. It was plentiful, filling and tasty. 

The pineapple lemonade was exactly what I needed on a hot summer day - refreshing, sweet and blended cold! 

The service was super nice and welcoming. This is a great local spot that's affordable and flavorful when you're craving Mediterranean. I would highly recommend!
I have wanted to try this restaurant for awhile now. I went here with my girlfriend after having tried a few other local Mediterranean/Greek restaurants and this was by far the best for the cost. The service was friendly and quick to prepare our meal (all fresh ingredients too!). We both got the garlic chicken gyro. It was very good, and tasty. The meat was shredded and not in chunks, which is how I have usually had gyros in the past. This was a welcome change! Gyro was tasty, although next time I will go with the non-garlic chicken, as the garlic could be overpowering with some bites. We sat outside at their tables on the sidewalk.
I love Smiley's and I would say it's the second best shawarma place I've had since the quality isn't as good as a place I've had in Boston, but it's a close call.  I personally come here with my girlfriend and we usually get a shawarma beef plate to split and it's enough for both us (although she doesn't really eat that much).  However, although their shawarma isn't the best I've had, their hummus is top notch compared to the other location in Boston, so I would give them props for that!

The service and atmosphere is phenomenal--the staff is so friendly and inviting and the owner, Mr. Smiley himself, is such a kind and compassionate man who takes time to personally engage with his customers...I've only met him a few times since going there, but my opinion of him still stands.  Atmosphere is very cozy and the decor+lighting provides a very relaxed environment to just sit and be comfortable while enjoying a good meal with friends or studying.  

Make sure you don't miss them since they are tucked away on a side street in Manayunk!  But once you find them and eat there, you'll remember exactly where they are for next time.
Checked out Smiley's last night on a date. It is a very small place, really more for takeout or delivery, but they do have a few tables.
Everyone working there was friendly. We spilt the Smiley's veggie platter which is for two people. It came with a huge amount of pita, hummus, salads, grape leaves, falafel. The portion was excellent and it was very tasty. I felt it was a value that our meal cost around $20 and we also had fresh squeezed lemonade.

Parking is tight in this neighborhood, but I'll risk searching for a spot to come back here!
One of our favorite GREEK TAKEOUT.  We've ordered here a number of times and food is consistently delicious and you get plenty. They're vegetable platters are my favorite, especially the falafels. My husband loves the meat platters. Gyros or souvlaki.  Oh and we're ordering tonight. Can't wait.
Tried for the first time yesterday. Got the chicken sharwma platter. Portion was huge. Chicken was so tender and cooked with great flavor. Hummus was on point. Was able to try all 3 sauces and the homemade garlic sauce was great. Also had the Falafel. Cooked crispy and had a small bite of spice which was different then others I have tried. Was very good.
Owner makes everything and couldn't be nicer. Would go back for sure
I've been eating here for years and it's always delicious. My favorite is the beef shawarma pita. It's not that expensive and for a few bucks more you can make it a platter - they add hummus, some pita, and a salad. 

The best way I can describe their whole menu is simple and healthy. I wouldn't recommend their food for pretentious world travelers who expect some life changing cuisine. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a healthy lunch and has about 10-15 mins for pickup. 

The staff is always super friendly and their food is consistently good.
Wandering around Main street, I came across what used to be Mugshots to find Smiley's had taken its place.  I knew Mugshots closed down, but had no idea something had taken its place.  I thought it might be relatively new, but was excited to find not only did it have over 100 reviews, but was sitting at a 5 star rating!

I had gyro on the mind, but was hungrier than just a sandwich, so I opted to add a salad.  Unfortunately, I think they mixed up my order, as I ended up with the gyro meat platter instead of the sandwich with extras specials.  No biggie, the cost wasn't that much more, but strike one.  The platter had reasonable portions, including a small salad, hummus, pita bread, a few slices of meat, and a big pile of rice.  The hummas was really good, the salad met expectations, the meat decent, and the rice overcooked.  Maybe the 5 star rating boosted my expectations.  Maybe the order mix up affected my taste buds.  Either way, this visit resulted in nothing more than an A-Ok experience.  Smiley's isn't off my eat list, but didn't earn itself a must return note either...
Love this little place! I had the beef gyro, but I've had their chicken and falafel before too, and they're all equally tasty. You know you'll get a fresh meal here, and it's so cheap! The owner chats with everyone, and the atmosphere is welcoming. This is one of my favorite Manayunk spots.
I have been back to Smiley's several times and have not once been disappointed! I'm officially obsessed with their Honey and Walnut Baklava. I'm a sucker for desserts and it is heaven in my mouth. I've been getting the Greek Salad which is so fresh and the house dressing is light and complimentary to the salad. The Orange Passion smoothie is my favorite so far!! 

I genuinely appreciate a place that has fresh, delicious food and great customer service. Their staff is always SO sweet and upbeat it will brighten your day up. Keep it up Smiley's!!! :)
I went to Smiley's for falafel and they were out of falafel. At noon. On a weekday.
This place really isn't that good. The atmosphere is sweet, but the food is mediocre at best. I'm always disappointed when I type in middle eastern and this pops up as the best available, it's definitely not.
I wish I loved this place as much as everyone else seems to.  Very average falafel, served slowly, and slightly overpriced.  Banana bread was dry and overall not good.  OK in a pinch but not anything to write home about.
Let me just start off by saying: THEY'RE BACK!!!! Smiley's is open and back to business as usual!

EDIT: the owner (Smiley!) had emergency open-heart surgery, hence the temporary closing. Those of you who are griping about the closure, have a heart (hehe)!

And THANK GOODNESS because this place is - no exaggeration - my #1 spot for lunch and/or dinner. I absolutely LOVE Smiley's. I have lived (and eaten) all over the world, from Amsterdam to Colorado, from Nicaragua to Italy, from Hawaii to London and everywhere in between, and this place is hands down the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food I have ever had. The ingredients are always fresh (Beautiful tomatoes! Crispy greens! Exquisite hummus!) and extremely flavorful. The owners are the friendliest people and they recognize their regulars (like me, lol). I don't think I'm the most memorable person but, even if I haven't visited in a while (which is very rare, because I'm addicted to the beef shawarma and struggle to not grab a meal here every single day), they know who I am. They really know how to make a girl feel special! :-)

Everything is homemade with love that you can taste. The falafel is rich and exploding with flavor, the hummus is even better than my mom's (sorry Mom, love you!), and don't even get me started on the beef! Perfectly spiced and cooked on a rotating spit... my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The prices are unbelievably reasonable and the portions are very generous. Don't think, just go: order the beef shawarma platter (or sandwich) and experience taste bud bliss!
I have to admit I'm surprised by my experience. When I saw this place had over 200 ratings and a 4.5 average I expected something more than what I got.  I ordered the falafel platter which came with Tabouleh salad, hummus, mixed vegetables & a side of pita.

As a whole, everything seemed to be at least a day old. Everything was very stale and just did not feel right as you attempted to chew it.  If I ever storm a castle and have archers firing at me from atop a tower, I would like to be wearing armor made from the falafel because I would be unstoppable.  The pita, I would not serve to small children nor the elderly because it's a choking hazard. It had the consistency of that fruit leather you used to get from the cafeteria in elementary school. 

You know how if you put a lot of sugar in your coffee people make that joke "You want some coffee with your sugar?" Well that's what they would say about the amount of parsley in the Tabbouleh.  I understand Tabbouleh is supposed to have a lot of parsley, but this was to the point where I couldn't call it Tabbouleh.  They just gave me straight up minced parsley with a countable amount bulgur grains that seem to have accidentally fallen in.

The hummus was not that bad. It tasted like it had a bit too much lemon juice going on and maybe could have used a bit more tahini, but overall it was just ok.

The overall taste of everything was not bad, but it did not resemble anything that I would call close to good. Think of a delicious cheesesteak from Pat's or Gino's or Dalessandro's that's a day or two old.  It would taste like it's a day or two old, but you could still tell that it would have been delicious had it been fresh. I can't say that with the meal I just had from Smiley's.  It didn't taste bad like I could not stand putting it into my mouth, but I can't say I found it even pleasant. I'd get as excited for it as I would for a plain bowl of oatmeal made with water.

I think I rate very fairly and it hurts me that I have to give this establishment such a low rating. I will admit that there is a possibility that, given the other stellar reviews, I may have just had a rare bad experience. Unfortunately, that is all I have to go off of. I may try it again some day if I'm with somebody who really wants to go there.  Until then, no thanks.
Not bad. Went for pick up and it looks really cute inside.

The food was okay, but everything was more sour then I expected. Grape leaves are expected to be sour but the other flavors and included dipping was more sour then expected.
I loved smileys for the first year when they opened. I ate it about 3-4 times a week. However, lately, the pitas have been stale and the falafel very dry. Also it seems they have started skimping on tomatoes in the sandwich as well. I keep giving them another chance bc I'm vegetarian and there's not many options in manayunk. But I think this sandwich is my last. It seems ever since they turned the restaurant over to teenage workers the quality drastically dropped. Hopefully smiley and his wife read this and get back in the kitchen themselves. I miss their sandwiches!

Gave them another chance today and it's still bad. My falafel pits was mostly lettuce and hummus and the pieces of falafel that I did get we're very bland. I won't be coming back until the owners start working there again or hire better help.
Warm, friendly owners who greet you with a smile.  I've had the shawarma, gyro and falafel sandwiches.  All are equally delicious.  My go-to when I visit the area.
Ordered through Caviar so I can't really comment on anything other than the food. 

Veggie mix platter came with a little bit of everything. Would we order it again? Probably not. I found it to be overpriced. It pretty much was two salads stuffed into a box with little sides of hummus and Baba ghanouj. I will admit that everything tasted pretty good, I wasn't craving it the next day or anything but I was thoroughly happy while I was eating. The falafel were crispy and well put together. Not the best but not the worst. 

Gyro sandwich... half of it was ice cold while other half hot? I threw it in the fridge and heated it up the next day. I'm not crazy for the Lebanese bread, it's really thin and bland. I didn't have my glasses on. I thought my napkin next to me was another slice of bread, that's how thin and flimsy it is. 

We had free delivery, so with tip and the two food orders.. everything came out to almost $40. Not worth it. I wouldn't order the veggie mix platter again. $19 is just way too much for what you actually get. 

I don't think I would order from here again.
Delicious, authentic-tasting Mediterranean food at a low-key hole-in-the-wall type atmosphere at Smiley's. The name is fitting because the service is quick and friendly, even though I've ever had takeout from here. I've always gotten the chicken shawarma, which is flavorful, as is everything the platter comes with. It's places like this that are the best part about the Manayunk/Roxborough area!
Falafel pita and Greek salad are amazing! 

Pricing is super affordable. Staff was very accommodating and friendly.
Just finished my falafel sandwich.  Had to write a review.  I was randomly walking by Smiley's, glanced at the menu and a guy out front said you've gotta have the falafel.  He was right.  From the pita to the hand ground spices and the everything homemade ingredients, the pita sandwich hit all the right notes.  A little spice, a little bright (from the lemony hummus?), a little acid (was that very thinly sliced pickle in there?), and great crunch from the super fresh lettuce...yum.  If I wasn't so full, I'd go back for another, or even better, try the gyro.

And the service could not be better!  So nice to have a place without attitude.
I've never been disappointed by the quality of the good here. Everything served is fresh and the portions are great for the price.
Mr. Smiley and his staff are great!
I was looking for a place to get takeout from for dinner with my in-laws on Sunday. We just got back from being out of town and I didn't feel like cooking. I was trying to find a place my in-laws would enjoy. Enter Smiley's Cafe.

I ordered a bunch of food on GrubHub. It was ready when I went to pick it up.

I got the garlic chicken platter, falafel platter, Greek salad, a ton of pita, hummus, rice, and baklava. It easily fed five people with extra left over. In fact, I'm eating leftovers for lunch right now, two days later and they are still amazing. 

The salad is amazing. It reminds me of how my mother prepares salads. It's still crisp and delicious with dressing on it after two days!

The food is delicious and fresh. It was prepared in a timely manner and the price is perfect!

We'll be ordering from Smiley's in the future!
After all the great reviews I looked forward to trying Smiley's. The staff was friendly and polite. I had the falafel pita. The sandwich was hot but the seasoning was not as good as many others I have had in the Philadelphia area. I was dissapointed
I'd say Smiley's in the best place in the 'Yunk. Sure, if you want to sit for a while and drink a bottle of wine somewhere, you'll have better options. If you want to swing by somewhere and grab some pick-up, this is a sure thing. 

Smiley is a great guy, the falafel is awesome. Go get it.
I'm leaving a review because the Delbert service at this place was terrible. I ordered some delivery with my roommate on a Sunday night from this place. After over an hour went by, we still hadn't gotten our food. When I called back, the guy on the phone said the driver delivered our food to the wrong house but was on the way. When he got there about ten minutes later, the food obviously wasn't very warm. I will admit, my falafel wrap and salad were fresh and pretty good, but I obviously would have preferred it warmer. When the driver dropped the food off, I mentioned that I ordered a smoothie that wasn't with my order. He said he would go back and get it then come back. After 20 mins, I had a feeling he wouldn't be coming back. I called back the store, but they must have been closed. Lou, the man on the phone, actually called me back and told me the driver went to his other job. He was courteous enough to provide me with two free smoothies the next day, so I appreciated that. But I wasn't happy the driver decided to just go to his other job. Overall, the food was good, and Lou was very nice on the phone and professional. But I suggest he find another driver so he doesn't alienate other customers who may order delivery in the future.
Great food, nice atmosphere, and the owner is a pleasure to deal with.

I had the beef shawarma gyro and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was spiced nicely, and the sandwich had a good amount of condiments (hummus, tahini, lettuce and tomato). Also, the pita was grilled which I thought was a nice touch. It was a very well-balanced delicious sandwich that is reasonably priced.

The seating area is cozy with couches and space heaters (perfect for coming in from the cold weather). It's a little small, but seems appropriate for a restaurant of this size.

Smiley, the owner, was very pleasant and friendly. We had a short chat about the restaurant and the new year, and he seems like a genuinely nice person who really cares for his customers.

Overall, eating at Smiley's was a great experience and I will certainly be back.
From the moment you walk in the door, you just have a "smile" on your face.  You are greeted with a very warm welcome and confirmation that you will love the carefully handmade food.  I eat a lot of hummus and baba ghanoush and this may be the best I've had!!  Yesterday I had the garlic chicken pita and it has much attention to detail as it gets.  The pita is warm and perfectly toasted, the chicken tender and juicy, the hummus cool  and zingy and the lettuce and onion was crispy and cold.  Give it a try!!
Best. Service. Ever. The five stars could be given to this place based on service alone, but the food speaks for itself. Try anything: sandwiches, platters, and even the smoothies, and you won't be disappointed. What a fantastic place tucked away in manayunk.
Delicious, genuine Mediterranean food with a genuine sweetheart of an owner! i stopped in for lunch with my 18mo old daughter and Smiley was SO nice the second we walked in the door. He introduced himself and answered any and all questions I had about his menu. He even offered a sample of his tzatziki sauce. It was heavenly. I ordered a chicken gyro and a side salad. Both had amazing flavor... The chicken was seasoned perfectly. My daughter ended up eating more of the food than I thought she would. Who knew she loved Greek food so much? Smiley continually checked on us as we ate outside and was super friendly. He mentioned that he was a singer, i thought maybe we'd be treated to a serenade. Maybe next time! :) I have since heard that his hummus is to die for. Can't wait to try it!  We will certainly be back!
Ordered a chicken gyro, a beef gyro, and grape leaves.

It took an hour and a half to arrive.  I live 0.9 miles away from Smiley's Cafe.  

My boyfriend was handed a sopping wet brown bag of what was assumed to contain a charming dinner for 2 straight from the Balkan tip, but could have been mistaken for a bum's malt liquor koozie.

This meal forced me to review the definition of 'gyro'  (i.e. A gyro [iro] or gyros [iros][note 1] (Greek: , gyros, literally 'turn') is a Greek dish made of meat cooked on a vertical rotisserie).  The meat in the gyros was bland, dry, cold, and quite obviously not cooked on a spit.  The chicken tasted and looked like it was boiled in water.  The beef had noticeable bits of synthesized Mediterranean flavor, but ultimately dry, downcast, overworked and underpaid.  Sloppily assembled.  I drenched sriracha and mayo on everything to find my stomach's way to salvation.

Grape leaves were fine, though I was resentful of them due to their little olive oil orgy they decided to have all over everything.

Shit happens, I get it.  I guess I just want the restaurant/delivery driver to at least feign recognition by saying, "yo, that took a long time!  sorry, my man!" or "ay, got a nondescript liquid peeking out your bag.  my b."  Complete lack of acknowledgement or a whisper of an apology just kills me.
I got the falafel pita and it was absolutely delicious! The pita it came in was fantastic and there was just enough substance to the pita-sandwich to get everything in one bite which I thoroughly enjoyed. I also got the grape leaves to split with a friend and in my opinion I would say those were just okay. I only had grape leaves for the first time about a week ago at a different restaurant and I thought they were amazing... however after getting them here I don't feel the same. Maybe I just don't know what flavors to expect in a traditional grape leaf- I can only say I enjoyed them a lot more at a different location.
Either way- I will absolutely be back. Honestly great, wholesome food for a really competitive price. Thanks Smiley
I was excited to try but was very disappointed. Beef schwarma was very dry and so old to the point it was curling up from being so dried out. Chicken schwarma was just shredded boiled chicken breast which was also dry. Falafel was also dry and dense and not fried fresh.  Hummus may be  house made but too acidic and not smooth. Everything was coated with tahini in an attempt to cure the dryness but it didn't help.  I also ordered a side of baba ganousch which was meh with too much acid and no smokey flavor and you get a tiny container for 5 bucks. Really the Only edible thing in the platter was the salad. 

I am usually not picky and will generally eat and like anything. But I could barely eat the food I ordered. I would say that the generic schwarma carts all around the city are better and they are by no means good. Maybe they were having an off day because I can't believe that everyone who gave this place great reviews ate the same food I ate today. The staff did seem a bit confused back there. Did something recently change?  For now I would say save your money and eat pretty much anywhere else.
Nice people. Very affordable. Large portions that I can eat for two meals. Probably the cheapest smoothies in downtown Manayunk. 5 out of 5 for adorableness.
I'm by no means a self proclaimed gyro expert, but this absolutely blew me away.  I had the Chicken Kabob Gyro Pita and wow, it was amazing.

Admittedly I would have written a pretty good review either way because, like just about every other review on here, the experience of being inside the shop was an enjoyment in and of itself.  I had read the reviews and had expected great, friendly customer service but I definitely wasn't prepared for just how nice and friendly.  And not in one of those fake- let me ask you a million times if you need anything- kind of ways.  Just genuinely happy and kind.  Even gave me a free sample of a smoothie! 

But the gyro itself is what made me write a great review and not just "pretty good". The chicken was so tender and flavorful and all the toppings joined together in the perfect compliment to the meat.  I am a huge believer of ordering something "the way it was intended" at least the first time I get something.  This came with tzatziki sauce, hummus, red onion, pickle, tomato and romaine.  Typically I may balk a little at the red onion but it had none of the bitter bite I usually find.  The romaine was unbelievably green, crisp and fresh.  The pickle was the perfect companion to the hummus and tzatziki, just the right amount of tang. 

As a warning, they haven't gotten in their credit card machine yet (but they say it should be in any day)... I of course had no cash but they were extremely accommodating with that as well.   I rarely give 5 stars, but Smiley's definitely earned it! Will be going back a lot, so glad I live in the neighborhood!
Couldn't say it better than the below poster. Excellent food, service and prices.

Located where Mugshots used to be (RIP), one of my coworkers had been raving about this place, in particular the falafel and of course the very kind owner.

Went with my pre-wife and we shared beef gyro (carved) pita, falafel pita and hummus plate. Everything was extremely fresh (I concur on the crisp lettuce) well seasoned and just plain delicious.  A lot of food as well and complimentary baklava. We took our leftovers home (I wrapped the two remaining bites of my gyro - it's that good)

I highly recommend this place and you'll definitely walk out with a smile. I think this spot is still relatively unknown and I very rarely post reviews. This is a unique spot to Manayunk and I will be referring all of my friends as I really want the restaurant to succeed - because the owner deserves it and of course for my selfish appetite!
OK, I'm going to be Debbie Downer.

Awful coffee. Just awful.

Maybe that's not fair. I have yet to sample all of their fare, and perhaps it's a bad idea to fit them into the mold that Mugshots (which was gone before I arrived in Manayunk) occupied. But in the end, they call themselves a cafe, which translates into a coffee shop, moved into the location of a former coffee shop and they include baked goods and coffee on the menu, so I feel comfortable in holding them to some standard.

They were out of their banana bread. All of it. For all the flavors they described, they didn't have a single one left when I arrived. This is a significant portion of their menu, and they were out of all of it, which tells me that they have problems with keeping things in stock They had plenty of Baklava, but I'm allergic to two of the nuts they use in them, so even experimenting is a horrible idea.

There was a small child running around screaming, and I could hear arguing breaking out as I stepped through the door with my coffee. I'm not saying that without empathy, but that is never something you want your customers getting to be a part of. Even if the food had been perfect, it would have detracted from the experience

And...the coffee...I have to  go back to that. I really do. If I has handed a mug of Starbucks and was told that someone had urinated in it, and my only other option was what I had here...I would seriously have to debate that decision. This is a horrible thing to say. It's cruel, and cruel honestly isn't that much more helpful than well meaning lies. It's even more horrible to look at in the cold light of day, and determine that it's still a correct assessment. But this is someone who, during his broke college days, would drink coffee through day old grounds. Someone who used an abandoned French press that was held together with duct tape, and I couldn't finish it. Seriously, it was that bad. I don't know how they did it, and that cup was an accomplishment in of itself.

Maybe the owners are nice folk. Maybe, their Mediterranean food is really good, as other reviews seem to indicate. But they sure as shit ain't a cafe. If they want to be cheery, and have great falafel, they should do that. But dear God in heaven, who I have forsaken in so many ways, they put something on the menu so bad I am still  shocked. Combined with a lack of stock and that atmosphere, I can't possibly give this place a good rating.
Yum.

I love to swing by Smiley's on my way home from work and pick up a vegetarian falafel platter. Their falafel is perfection! Far, far better than Couch Tomato (no surprise there since this is a Mediterranean joint). Prices are fair, food is super fresh. Their hummus is silky with just a hint of lemon. Yes, carryout can take a little while but everything is made to order so I'm happy to wait or just call ahead. Do not miss this great little place!!
The customer service was great. Only rating this place 4/5 stars because the pita was a bit hard, which made it difficult to chew, and the setting was a bit crowded (which they obviously can't help)! But a nice thing is they deliver or you can get pick up. The smoothie was SOO good. Also, you can tell falafel sandwich had fresh ingredients! And the portion definitely met the cost. I would order from here again!
I don't know where does this place get all the good ratings from!
The only edible thing they have is Baba ganoush! That's it.. 
The girls were sweet, the food was disgusting!
Chicken shawarma tastes funny! beef gyro tastes like it's been reheated 100 times!
Falafel doesn't look nor taste like falafel!
Will never try it again
All of the food is very good and their fresh smoothies and lemonades are awesome. Smiley, the owner, is an absolute delight. Service is pretty fast as well, and there is a little lounge/dining area. The place used to be a mugshots cafe so it's fairly comfortable to relax in. There seems to be new people working frequently, not sure if it's because they're opening for longer hours or if there's turnover, but the new people could be trained better for food consistency. I've had rice that was a little underdone and salad drowned in dressing, but 99% of the time it's great.
With all the praises I expected more.

This was a simple gyro without anything particularly complex, unique, or even superior execution.

The pita is very thin and a bit dried out. The romaine lettuce, as you can see, is somewhat wilted and beginning the fast decay feared in garde manger stations the world over.

The primary issue of this sandwich was the flavor balance. The flavor profile was dominated by cool dill yogurt. This sour flavor strongarmed the beef, vegetables, and pita (all three of which only carried marginal flavor pack anyway.) 

The condiments, romaine lettuce and tomato, are an odd choice for a Mediterranean dish. I would much prefer the traditional pickled radish and mayo-based saucing.

While this gyro was ok, I was hoping for much more. This came nowhere near the kebabs in Berlin. Those were half the price. I left confused with the 4.5 star rating.
This place is great.  So much flavor to everything and excellent hummus!  

The owner is really nice and wants to make sure everyone has a good experience.  

You get a pretty big portion for a good price and the food is filling but healthy. I'm so full right now I'm just gonna lay here for a bit, haha. 

Great place all around.  I'd highly recommend!
The only thing that made me smile was throwing away the food. Cold, 30 minutes late, and half my order was missing. Instead of offering a refund - they said next time the order would be on the house. Thanks but no thanks.
Delicious falafel! Really enjoyed our lunch here this afternoon. Very friendly and attentive service. Must try!
What a find. The food was delicious. Started with dolmades and falafel. Flavorful and so good. I had the beef gyro. I love the amount of lemon in their sauces. Perfect. The pita is a bit crisp on the edges, which I love. 

The two young women at the counter were fantastic. Sweet and welcoming. I believe they did all the food prep. Perfectly balanced. Cannot wait to go back. Bravo Smiley's!!!
How are the reviews so high for this place? Seems like a glorified take out joint to me. 

Came here on Wednesday to see what the hype was about and left mildly disappointed. You walk in and order at the counter. You can sit outside out front where they have two or three tables, or inside down the steps where there is a TV and some chains on the wall for I guess when they want to get all 50 Shades of Grey. 

My girl had the garlic chicken wrap, way to much lettuce and dry as hell. It was a decent size however for the price. I went with the Chicken shawarma platter, and a side of BABA with with extra pita. Baba was just okay, hummus was okay, my chicken was dry as well. Once again portions for the price were pretty good and the food wasn't bland. But 5 stars though? You yelpers getting soft man. This place is a 3 for sure. 

Bonus: They were playing hip hop audible when I was eating, 5 star music selection, NAS, Biggie, Jay. They was killin it!
Smiley's has been great to have in Manayunk. Delivery around here tends to be mostly fried foods and pizza so it's nice to have an option that is fresh and healthy. Nothing here has disappointed us yet and today I discovered 2 new favorites. The falafel here is awesome and the iced coffee is BY FAR the best I've ever had! Also the delivery through Grubhub took 30 minutes-- unheard of around here! Definitely try this place out, you won't regret it!
Dear, Mr. Smiley. Please please please consider opening another location in Abington. Everything you make is delicious and so fresh! Your staff is so friendly and the place is so cute. We need more places like this!
I signed up for yelp just to review, and after seeing the nasty comment that is clearly from a would-be rival coffee shop owner --- smileys is about so much more than coffee! The word 'cafe' is used in Mediterranean / Middle East to refer to any small wondrous place that serves food but does not have a huge kitchen / servicing staff / etc. Yes, they do have coffee. No, I haven't tried it. But to critique smileys for the coffee without trying the food is like lambasting the opening act to a show without bothering to stay for the main event. 

The best food i have had in manayunk (handy nasty is also amazing) - fresh, healthy, delicious, reasonably priced, smiley service. I go there at least 2x/week, and find myself inviting people over just so I have another excuse to eat there again. The baba ganouj is amazing, the Greek salad is uber tasty (you get a side of it with the platters, along with hummus), and I've enjoyed the falafel, beef gyro, and chicken gyro. And the hummus! Owners are super friendly, offer free tastings of baklava. 
Phone number: 267 323 2098
It's a go to. I highly recommend getting take out. I love EVERYTHING on this menu.
The owed is amazing and makes me 
SMILE every time I am in there.
Also, its great inside and you can BYOB.
We visited Manayunk for the first time because of the festival that was happening and we stumbled upon this wonderful and humble Mediterranean restaurant on Main St. The food is delicious and the service makes the experience even better! We had the beef gyro and shawarma and they were great especially when you pair them up with their pineapple or original lemonade. We would definitely come back to this place and if you're ever in the area, i recommend giving this place a try!
Food was nice, service was very attentive. For two people, our total meal was $19. We were the only people in the cafe at the time and got to talk to the owner a little bit. Very nice man, very cool story. Before we left, he said, "welcome to your home away from home" -- treats his patrons like family, truly
Called a half hour ahead and order wasn't even started when I got there. Kid that made the food was sweeping the floor when I walked in then started making the food without washing his hands. He then proceeded to go to the sink and fake wash his hands in plain site. Absolutely disgusted and will not be going back to one of my former favorite takeout Mediterranean spots in Manayunk.
Yikes.. Almost a 2 hour wait for delivery... "He is on the way," I was told three times, and the fourth time I asked  them to tell the delivery driver to not come. The manager wished to not speak to me when I asked for him/her.. I just wanted to validate my refund. Very unprofessional. Sadly, this would have been my first time trying their food. Never again.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars here is because the hummus lacked flavor & was bland. Everything else was delicious, had the beef gyro platter & chicken schwarama very good.
This is the perfect name for this place...every time I walk in I'm greeted with tons of smiles :). Seriously love love love Smiley's! The food is super fresh and delicious and most importantly it's consistent. The Greek salad is really big and really yummy. Top it off with some chicken and your belly will thank you for it. The hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, and warm pita are all on point! Recently I read a tip about the beef gyro platter and I'm so happy I did. It's definitely going to be a new go to...you get a little of everything which is perfect! Get your smile on and stop on by :)
I don't understand how this place has so many stars. I just had the most disgusting meal of my entire life. I ordered the beef gyro platter & a strawberry banana smoothie for delivery.  The platter had hummus & a Greek salad with it.  The gyro wasn't even on the pita, the pita came on the side.  I could barely chew the pita and it was as tough as cardboard if not tougher.  The hummus was half water and the salad was horrendous.  The dressing had my eyes squinting and the lettuce tasted VERY old.  The rice was good but that's about it.
The food here is absolutely phenomenal. The chicken gyro is fresh and just outstanding. Must try. Pricing is good too.
Saw all the good reviews on yelp and decided to go in...

Just as the reviews stated I was greeted by Smiley- the friendliest restaurant owner ever. He explained the difference between gyro and shawarma. 

Gyro- has tzaki (sp?) on it 
Shawarma- has hummus on top

Both are the meat shaved off the pole. 

Anyway, since it was my first visit he offered me a free drink while I waited. 

I ordered the beef gyro platter. It came over rice with Greek salad, hummus, and a ton of pita. The serving was enormous. I don't even know if ate half of it.

Everything was delicious. Even the rice was very flavorful. They homemake all the sauce and the hummus was really good. I read a review that said the pita was hard and I didn't think that at all. They heated it up and it was warm and chewy and a great vessel for hummus. 

I almost got the baklava because pistachio sounded amazing and it had such good reviews. Now I'll have to go back for that. 

Overall must visit. You'll get 2 meals out of one platter and Smiley was so welcoming and nice.
I was in the Philadelphia area for business meetings and craving some good Greek food. I'm so glad I found Smiley's. As others have mentioned, the parking situation was a little tough due to the area it's in but I was able to find a spot not too far from the restaurant. It was worth seeking a spot out for. 

I went at about 1pm on a Wednesday and it was pretty quiet. It's a very small place with a walk up counter to order food and a few small tables to eat at. The place was very obviously run by a family, the woman behind the counter also had her children around. That aspect was great for me as I love supporting any local businesses and cool to see this family running this restaurant together. 

The food was delicious! I ordered the Beef Gyro plate and it was a good amount of food, excellent flavor and well priced. The gyro was thinly shaved and had wonderful flavor. The tzatziki sauce was one of the best Ive had and the rice was fluffy and a good balance to the flavor of the meat. The only thing I didn't LOVE was the pita...it was a little thinner and crispier than I like. But overall, this place was a great find. Great food, good service, good people!
I loved smileys for the first year when they opened. I ate it about 3-4 times a week. However, lately, the pitas have been stale and the falafel very dry. Also it seems they have started skimping on tomatoes in the sandwich as well. I keep giving them another chance bc I'm vegetarian and there's not many options in manayunk. But I think this sandwich is my last. It seems ever since they turned the restaurant over to teenage workers the quality drastically dropped. Hopefully smiley and his wife read this and get back in the kitchen themselves. I miss their sandwiches!
I love Smiley's! I have been a few times and everything I've ever had was absolutely delicious. Last night, my friend and I had the beef gyro and it was so fresh and tasty. It was a large sandwich, but was so good that it left me wanting more. They even customized my order and left off the tomatoes and onions as I requested. I have also had the falafel platter in the past which was amazing. The first time I went, the owner was super friendly and even gave us a free piece of baklava to share. Every staff member at Smiley's is truly smiling and seems happy to be there. We always get our food fast and are able to sit outside and enjoy the atmosphere. Thanks Smiley's! You're one of my favorites in the "Yunk for sure. You can really taste the freshness and authenticity of the food.
 I'm going to try a chicken gyro next and one of their fresh smoothies!
I used to work at a Lebanese-owned Mediterranean restaurant, and it's hard to find that delicious home-cooked quality in most Mediterranean joints. This one deserves its already solid reputation though-- it is Lebanese owned, delicious, and well priced. Even though the atmosphere is a very low key, coffee shop/diner vibe, the food makes it great. I tried the Chickeb shwarma and grape leaves. I wanted to try all of it afterwards, but I was way too full.
This kind of made me lose my trust in some of the local reviews. It's nearby so I thought I'd give it a try. To begin, they aren't in their main location and didn't tell me that when I called to order the food, so there was a bit of going back and forth to find the new location. Then there was the food...the chicken was very dry, the rice was essentially like eating salt, the hummus had no flavor, and the salad was wilted and on the verge of being rotten.
I love this place. The food is great, the staff is friendly, and when I order delivery it gets here quickly. Highly recommended!
I walked in for the second time yesterday for their beef gyro and it was deliciously consistent with my first experience when I fell in love with their food! It's a small cozy place with great service, an intimate yet super casual dining area, and even an outdoor eating area where you can relax, enjoy the breeze, and wait comfortably for the staff to bring you your food. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu because everything is so good and authentic. 

You definitely MUST try this place!!
The reviews are right! Possibly the best gyro sandwich I've ever enjoyed in my life, and the shawarma was also a delight.  Smiley was super friendly and welcoming as others have noted, and it was obvious he takes pride in his business!  And they deliver now! I will be a frequent customer for sure.
The good:
They are so friendly! Really do tell you to smile!
The food is delicious
Inexpensive and BYOB

The Bad:
Had dinner her once in the winter and it was COLD! They had a bunch a space heaters around and we made the best of it, but it was a bit like eating in a Siberian basement... Not the greek isles...

Solution: Stick to takeout and this place is a great option!
