I think I finally found my go to spot downtown. 

This place wasn't too packed: we got served rather quickly and didn't have to step on people's toes to get around, but there was enough people that the vibe was good and you didn't feel too awkward alone on the dance floor. The music selection was also the best out of any small bar. I'm so tired of typical dive bar music. They had a good dance playlist going (good classics, and again, nothing too wild so that you felt like you're at a rave but just enough to get you to want to dance). 

The Moscow Mule I had was perfectly made and I looked over the food menu, there were so many good choices but I ended up not ordering any food anyway. I definitely will the next time I come though. 

Really hope this wasn't a one time good experience, I'm hoping to make this a repeat spot.
I went to Smith's yesterday and I'm convinced that it is the worst place ever.

EVER.

Ok, granted everyone and their mother was there watching the Phillies playoff game. But I have been in much busier bars where the bartenders and waitstaff hustle to get done what needs to be done as quickly as they can.

I walked into the place and went straight to the bar to order a drink for my fiance and I. Simple stuff --- a lager and a Bud Light bottle. I was standing in a sea of Phillies fans, but only about one person back from the bar. The bartender could clearly see me at the time, but was too busy serving about 20 beers to some dude who was passing them back to his friends. Ok, FINE. Thing is, though, she was serving them with the quickness of a sloth on valium. Finally, 20-beers guy gets all of his beers to all of his friends and I start to have high hopes that I'm next to be served. She completely turned away from me and sauntered over to the other part of the bar to wait on some other guy... and then another guy... and then ANOTHER guy. I finally gave up and one of my fiance's friends sucked it up and waited in the cluster of people and got us drinks from the slowest bartender on the planet.

After that first beer, I wanted another so I decided to attempt the whole song and dance again. Same deal, only I stood on the other side of the bar right in front of the cash register. I figured, "Hey. She's gotta put the money in the thing so she HAS to see me." Same deal all over again. She completely passed over me and waited on guy after guy after guy with the motivation of a tree slug on heroin until finally, I got fed up and I needed my booze and had to resort to getting her attention by yelling, "HEY! I have been standing here FOREVER and all I need is a lager and a Bud Light bottle." To which she responded after she looked up at me with the attentiveness of a turtle on 50 vicodan and a whiskey chaser, "A lager and a whaaaaaaaaat????????"



ARGH. *NEVER AGAIN*
My first review with my shiny, new, elite badge gets a big fat "Eek!  Me thinks not!"  Here's the deal...there are some really great bars in the city.  Why give your hard earned money to someone who thinks it funny to degrade women?  Before you start getting all preachy up in here, yes, I have a sense of humor.  No, I do not think the following is funny.

My guess is business is slow, so they're trying to create some word of mouth.  But, seriously, who comes up with the window signs at this place?  Disgusting, sexist, douchey.  So, good luck with this approach of drumming up business.  I'm sure it will work well for you {insert sarcasm here}.

In case you don't know what I am referring to...ladies, take note.
http://www.phillymag.com/realestate/neighborhood-news/smiths-restaurant-is-at-it-again-doling-out-sexism-along-with-its-stupid-asterisk/
Their advertising: "I like my beer like I like my violence...domestic" 
is SICKENING & OFFENSIVE. Why spend your money here???
Went there last weekend. Place was filled with drunk idiots. The burger I ordered medium well came out still cold and bleeding. Took one bite then left for good. Bad food, bad service, ignorant manager. We won't be back.
I blame Smith's 100% for my increased waist line and decreased bank account.  Let me explain. Until recently, I couldn't have named one player on the Phillies without a quick google search. Granted, I'd gone to the stadium a few times, drank for 6 hours in the parking lot then stumbled into the game. Throughout the games I cheered when the crowd cheered, sent out several dozen drunken text messages ("woo!!!!") and typically left before the 7th inning to continue imbibing at Mcfaddens. Then, this championship season rolled around.

Realizing it's potential to boost my social life (i discovered men enjoy sports. who knew?), I hopped on the beer soaked bandwagon (don't judge me). That's where Smith's comes in.  Every day of the playoffs and world series I hopped onto a cushioned bar stool at Smith's and ordered an assortment of  delicious food from the menu (boneless wings, crab wontons, pizza, sandwiches etc. etc.) and an aluminum bud light bottle (2 bucks on special).  By the end of the series, as I staggered down broad street (decked head to toe in brand new phillies merchandise), high fiving and hugging sweaty drunk strangers along the way, I was 10 lbs heavier, dateless and broke. Very, very broke. 

The food is great, the beer is cheap on game days, the bartenders are friendly and the tvs are shiny. I don't know what more you need. I'm currently having my own mini economic crisis and thus am abstaining from all things happy hour related. So go to Smiths and let me live through you. And try the gorgonzola buffalo chicken pizza. It'll change your life.
This is probably my favorite place to watch a game in City Center. They have a ton of TVs and really great food. No seriously, the food is good. We're talking about crab spring rolls and scallops and Cobb salads and burgers and flat bread pizzas here. All the food is upper scale bar food. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with some greasy chicken wings but the food at smiths is a little more upscale and I like that. Also the salads are huge. Like I got a Cobb salad and couldn't finish it

They also have an attitude. That's right I said it. I was in there watching the sox vs. the Phillies last night and the bartender was getting annoyed that my friends and I were all Red Sox fans. I'm like, look it, just because your team has over 10,000 losses doesn't mean you have to hate on the defending world champs. Ok smiths, the Phillies, may have taken the first game, but the Red Sox have the last word. And then after the Sox have the last word, the Celtics will silence all of the NBA and declare Boston the greatest sports town in all of the world.
Total scammers. Ordered one round (3) of happy hour drinks at $3 each. Should have been a $9 tab. I'm handed a check that says $29.16 with no itemized copy. When I asked the managing bartender to provide an itemize copy, he went to the kiosk with the waitress for about 3 minutes before coming back and saying that it was her fault and she messed up my tab and would be paying it. I offered to pay but just needed to see the correct itemized amount, but he insisted. 

I proceeded to pay the waitress $20 in cash because I felt bad that a register error would cut into her paycheck and she had been wonderful up until the error. 

When I got home this week, I found not only the original charge for $29.16 on my card, but another one for $42 the next day. These creeps charged my card again the next day somehow, without me being there. 

I waited a couple days to see if they were temporary holds and would be removed, but they never were, so I disputed with the credit card company so these scammers aren't getting any money from me. 

Stay away! They're running this play and multiple staff are in on it!
Site of another Cal-Oregon viewing for the Cal Alumni Association. Again, no problem with getting two TVs + audio, and good service on drinks and food. We had plenty of room to catch the game here and were their main afternoon crowd on Saturday. We definitely plan on coming back here again too.
Do you need a low-key place to watch a college football game without too many loud customers around?  Then Smith's is the place to be.

As they were our hosts for another Cal Alumni football viewing (against UCLA this weekend), we were able to coordinate with the head bartender, Ashley, for a good corner spot in the back area. We were able to get our own big screen TV with audio (big plus) and enough real estate for our group to hang out at.  Ashley made sure that we had the channel we needed and even got us audio for the ballgame...great job as always.

Our server, Brooke, who in her first day on the job was great in promptly taking care of our orders. She was also fantastic in  checking up on whether we had enough beer around at our tables.  The alums that came out really like the spot as they commented that we could actually watch the game comfortably and not be overrun by other groups that were watching games (such is the case at other sports bars).

In terms of food, I went with the chicken sandwich again...and as always it was delicioso. Brooke even made sure to let me know when it coming and kept us all informed about our orders.

Everyone was pleased with the set-up and we hope to be back soon for another Cal alumni football viewing event.
Meh. Smiths is the go-to bar for twenty-something young professionals for happy hour after work. It's close enough to all the businesses so it's always packed. Good luck finding a table or even being able to walk through the crowd. Usually, a crowded bar is a good sign, it means it's popular so people must like it. Well, in this case, I feel differently. 

I only go to Smiths when my coworkers want to go out for drinks, but can't think of anywhere else to go. We default to Smiths. We always try to think of somewhere better, but Smiths is close by work, has a decent beer selection (not rare microbrews, just average selections of basic styles) and basic bar food that anyone can eat. 

Smiths is definitely low on my Philly bar priority list. However if you can catch it at a (rare) empty time, the flatbread pizzas are decent, and the edamame is good. 

Warning, it gets so extremely loud in here when it's busy, that I always leave with a sore throat from "screaming" / talking to my friends. Ouch.
A great place for our Cal Alumni club to watch football games this past season.  We became a regular presence there and the bar tenders/wait staff were always great in getting our games on TV.  Even when we found out at the last minute that we couldn't get a channel, Ashley would always go above and beyond in calling Direct TV to get the game on TV for us.

I definitely plan to go back here in the near future as it is the perfect ambiance for watching games or even taking a girl on a date here (I did!)
Stopped by Smiths on Sunday to watch the Eagles game -- was kinda disappointed to see that only 1 out of the 9 (NINEEE!) TVs in the bar were playing the Eagles game. The rest had on the Pats game, which is fine, but last time I checked, this is Philly!

Also, there were literally no seats. Had to stand ~80% of the time. Can't comment on the food as we didn't get anything. But if you're going to watch a game, I'd recommend getting there early and calling ahead to ask what game they're playing.
My crew returned to Smith's for happy hour on Friday night.  Both bar areas were packed with people who were happy to be out of work and starting the weekend on an unusually warm March evening.  A table opened up and we sat down to order some apps.  The boneless buffalo chicken and bacon mac and cheese* were both pretty awesome.  Our server was friendly and fairly quick, although she forgot special requests like sauce on the side, etc.  Overall, it was a solid happy hour and everyone around us seemed to share that sentiment.

*Several hours later, I returned home and tried to recreate the culinary delight that is bacon mac and cheese.  My findings?  Microwave bacon and Annie's whole wheat shells and cheddar do not a gourmet bacon mac and cheese make.
note to single girls! smiths is loaded with attractive dudes. they waaaayyyyy out number the women. i have been there twice and it is a pirate ship. ok. that being said, i like it in there. its toasty warm on freezing nights. good wine selections. good service. cute space. havent eaten there or even checked out the menu. so no idea what the food is like. but i like the space. its a cool spot
Oh Smiths... How I hate you and love you at the same time. You are everything I want in a bar and yet everything I jokingly regret doing. From dancing my face off with your crowd mixed with young professionals and unhappy housewives from the mainline to highs and lows of watching my favorite footballs teams from your seats. The food is always above average and fairly priced. The service is top notch and does a great job to create a family feel in the middle of a bustling downtown. You meet all of my needs and yet I wish you had a few less common craft beers. 

Keep doing you, Smiths... Keep doing you. Great chalk boards as you walk in. Never a dull moment here. I miss you already, can't wait to come back.
We checked this place out for the Cal-ASU football game. At 3pm, I found the place to fairly vacant, with games on all ten screens. In talking to the bartender, we were able to go to this side room, get the Cal game on and with audio!  I really enjoyed having the game on multiple TVs, and the service was great too....maybe they have taken notice of the yelp reviews, as I didn't have to wait too long for drinks.

Anyway, we are definitely planning to check this place out for another Cal football viewing in the near future.
I was shocked to happen in here on a Saturday night and be able to sit right down to order.  This was after walking past several spots I've been to before and not getting a table.

The staff is friendly, and they have lots of seating.  The menu is the popular american fare, styled up with names and veggies.  The food is OK.  The staff is friendly.

The nicest thing about this spot is how comfy the patrons were.  There were several tables of people just drinking, not eating, and the staff wasn't trying to "shoo" them off to stand in a corner or tell them they had to eat.  

I did not try the pizza, but the table next to me had one and it looked really good.  I'm going to try the pizza sometime and write an update.
I've been corralled here several times, and I always just groan to myself when it's mentioned as the next destination. Smith's is in competition for my all-time least favorite bar in the city.

One time I asked someone to repeat whatever he was saying so many times that I whipped out the Notes app on my phone and wrote: "I have no idea what you're saying. Please type it." He blinked at me and walked away, so we'll never know what super-exciting thing the dude was saying.

I'd surely have a different opinion of the place if 1) I could hear the people near me over the crowd noise; 2) If I cared about sports or dancing; 3) If they had some creative beer options.

I've been for Sips (EEEP), late at night, and later-late at night, and none of the experiences have been pleasant. They do have decent bathrooms, though. I'd like to find something positive about the place other than the bathrooms, but so far, no luck.
I came here to watch my Patriots beat the Chiefs on Saturday afternoon.
  
This place is packed during Patriots games. All seating full and tight for standing.

On the day I visited, the staff was very good at constantly checking on our table and promptly bringing out drinks and food. 

If you're a Pats fan and want a place to watch the game, come to Smith's. You'll love it.
20 people came out before our group of 4 were allowed in. Bouncers are terrible. Definitely not a good spot to go late night on the weekend. Over priced drinks and service is terrible. Good luck having any sort of fun here. Not that it mattered but it was my birthday and it sucked.
I had a very poor experiece here.  While the place itself is well done and the crowd solid, the food and service were absolutely terrible.....

Dont go.
Oh so you haven't been to Smith's yet?
Get off your ass and go. NOW.

One of my fave spots in the city, good for a pre-gaming and planning out the night, a casual dinner/drink with friends or a just to chill and watch a game. I'm not a huge sports fan, so many sports bars make me pretty uncomfortable. There's none of that here - the atmosphere is the perfect blend of welcoming and enthusiastic rowdiness, and strikes a great balance between "Cheers" and something out of Sex and The City. I've been just fine sitting by myself and waiting for a friend to come in. The food is yummy- I'm a big fan of the fish sticks, which sound much more childish and basic than they are. The spring rolls, pizza & tuna burgers are pretty high on my list too.
But the important part: The. Drinks. 
Yes, they're a little pricier than the average "neighborhood bar", but you get who and what you pay for. The "who" are Ash and Steve. Besides the fact that both of them are hawt(!!!), Steve is hands down one of the best bartenders in the city. No hype, no exaggeration. I'm very, very picky about my liquor and he makes me like things I swear I've always hated. Also, his drinks are creative (have you ever had elderflower? How about a strawberry thyme martini?) without being pretentious. There's a really good  blonde bartender too, but I forget her name - sorry!

If you're lucky, you might bump into Mr. Smith himself on a slow weeknight.
LOVE Smiths...they have great bar food, but it gets crowded as hell for happy hour.  Worth it if you can get there early enough for a seat.  Turns into club smiths on Friday and Saturday nights - not a terrible thing, just beware of glowsticks and disco lights.

They also have the NHL package and I have called ahead on numerous occasions for Caps games (sorry Philly I am a huge Washington Caps fan)...and they totally hook it with back room.

Versatile little pub.
Great place to hang with your own group of friends. Went there on a Saturday night. There are two halves. One with booths and the other with a dance floor and lounge area. There were 8 of us, so we owned the dance floor. The bartenders got into it with us on the dance floor. All of the booths were full and it seemed everyone there was with friends. I didn't try, but assumed it would be hard to meet new people here.
One of the best, most unique bars in the city.  Anyone who would leave a 1 star review because they were offended by this bars use of their 1st Amendment right, go worship Mao Zadong and move to communist China lol
I have been here on many different occasions.  It's great for happy hours - good deals. It's a sports bar primarily, so they will have the game on.

I've been here to dance on Saturday nights (and actually came for my birthday celebration). Good DJ, not a crowded place to dance - 2 thumbs up. Except for one time when I came here to dance, and there were so many guys - barely college aged ones - that I felt like I was in a frat house. That was only one time though, so I'm going to let it pass.

Last night, we came after Sips, and there was live music! Pretty decent live music at that.

If you want to dance in Center City, and don't want the awful crowds of Noche, I would swing by Smith's to check it out. They have decent beer on tap as well, just in case you need a few extra drinks to deal with the perhaps a little like a frat house crowd.
They write degrading, sexist crap on their window blackboards.
Got to Smith's tonight(6/8/19) for the first time and was excited to try the place out. I go up to the bartender( a taller, thin dark haired girl) and ask for two vodka and waters for my friend and I, they were $8 a piece. I hand her a $20 bill, which she should have returned $4 change. When she didn't bring me the change, I kindly asked her if I could have my change. She said to me that I was being a "cheap f*ck" then grabbed my change out of her tip jar and threw it at me. She then proceeded to take the beverage gun that restaurants use to pour drinks, and shot sprite all over my shirt. Then she had the bouncers kick my friend and I out of the bar. All because I wouldn't let her steal $4 from me.
Okay, Smiths.  To be fair, your establishment is pretty swank for a sports bar and my brain did start chanting "sau-sage par-ty, sau-sage par-ty!" upon entering.  However, $26 for two slightly-dirty Ketel One martinis?  For realz?!  Not to mention, the martini I specifically requested was listed on the board as having blue-cheese stuffed olives and yet the olives in my drink, while indeed plump and delicious, were hollow and... empty inside.  Sad.  

I'll be back to check out a game and some of those delicious-looking apps, but I definitely won't be hitting the hard stuff.
Horrible atmosphere. Dirty, cheap tables. Dirty floors. Saw a guy drop his beer and beer and glass are STILL all over the floor! Rude bar guests. They don't try too hard around here.
Came here for the phillies game on monday and really enjoyed myself.  We got in for happy hour and it $1 off all drafts and half priced on certain apps.  I loved the brie with apples and the boneless buffalo wings were fantastic.

Our server was very pleasent and attentive.  It looks like they have about three TV's on every wall which makes it easy for everyone to watch the game.  It was a great night and the phillies did well so the whole bar was in great spirits.

Great local bar!
I was at Smith's this weekend for a pre-paid open bar and hors d'oeuvres.  Was a nice atmosphere but unfortunately the service was terrible.  Bartenders were fine, but a waitress actually KICKED my boyfriend's leg in order to get around him with a plate of food.  It was pretty crowded but there's really no excuse for putting your leg behind someone's knee so that they almost fall down, just so you can get by.  She didn't even ask first!  Unacceptable.  Needless to say we will not be returning.
long wait for below average food and poor service on a slow saturday night. will not return
If I could give no stars I would. Went here with 2 girls and 3 guys on a Saturday night. The line to get in was down the block which was fine except the bouncer would pick and choose who he would let in the bar. We were next in line when he asked me if "you three ladies are ready to go in" I said yes but we are also with three guys. He ignored me and looked further down the line and said next three ladies who are ready let's go. After that we left the line. We will not be returning and I'm telling everyone I know to avoid this place. Rude rude rude stafff!
I only gave one star because they at least had HD TV's. If your looking for a college frat house that's also a bar, your in luck. Watch out lady's because these guys can't handle their alcohol. I decided to leave after only one drink because my wife deserves better.
My gfs and I agree, this is a good first date place.  It's reasonable, centrally located, and its unassuming.  

I could see why people like to watch the games here.  But that wasn't my draw.  What would have me coming back is the service.  The bartender, who doubles as a waiter, really gets involved.  He was excited to recommend his version of a cosmo instead of my go-to raz. stoli approach.  He was so confident that I'd like it, that he offered to buy it for me.  He was right--when I go back, I'll be sure to order HIS version of the cosmo.
Went to Smith's last night for a private party happy hour event.
The beer selection on tap is legit and I can honestly say it may have been the best most consistent pint a guiness I've ever had... for that they get 4 stars.
Didn't eat so I have no opinions there.
I'd recommend it to hang for a beer and chat with some friends.
The clients are definitely more business types, which is fine with me as you may meet someone with an education that you may not have and in turn learn something new!
nice place!
Shut the front door. This place is my nightmare. Crowded with a bunch of plaid wearing douche bags. I would much rather stick my head in a pot of boiling water then go here on a Friday night. If you like getting drinks spilled on you while attempting to dance on someones girlfriend this is your place.
This was my default bar to watch the Eagles game one night and I was pleased with my selection! There were large tv's lining the front of the bar and the bartenders were pleasant and attentive. I ordered a flat bread pizza which I think was on sale during the game for $5 or something. It was HUGE and every bit delicious. I went barbecue chicken style and there were huge strips of chicken and vegetables and goodness. I would definitely recommend for a laid back experience in a slightly upscale Center City bar.
I came here with a group of friends for a few drinks, and start a tab

They try to turn it into a "dance club" which really doesn't work well with their setup/bar design. 
 I order a few drinks and as we go to leave, ask for my card, giving my first and last name. 
They say we have no one with that name, but we do have [different first name than mine] card on tap. 

I'm fairly sure that someone else has the same last name, and was given my card.
Last fall during my search for a bar to host Cal Football viewings for the alumni club, I search through multiple bars. Smiths became quickly one our of favorite places due to the intimate bar setting, the multiple plasma screen TVs, good draft selection and the friendly staff.

As another season of Cal football begins, our group elected to go with Smith's as our host bar. We set up to watch the Cal-Minnesota game at Smith's and had great results.  Through advance coordination with the staff, we had a space set aside and the game on TV when I arrived.

In fact it almost felt like we were back in Berkeley-imagine having 4 HD TV screens and the room audio all focused on the game and with friendly wait staff to boot. I even had one member remark that she thought we were back at Cal since we had the game on multiple TVs.

For food selection, I went with some tasty quesadillas and then the chicken sandwhich. I scarfed down the sandwich, which was quite a bargain for $9.    

The service was great, as our waitress Katherine made sure we had plenty of drinks available and did a great job in making sure all 12 of us had our food in a timely fashion. The head server, Ashleigh also did a great job in setting up the place for us before we arrived.

Overall, a great place to watch a college football game (although some college football drink specials would be a plus) on a Saturday afternoon.
Stopped into this nearby bar after scoring a discount on Spotluck, so I took the discount and walked in. Arrived around 3:30pm, not terribly crowded or busy which was nice. It was self-seating, so grabbed a high top near the bar. Server was friendly and attentive the entire meal. Happy hour is from 4-7 and includes discounted drinks and some daily food specials. Ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls which came out piping hot and seasoned well - they also come with ketchup, but of note, the ketchup is a bit spicy, so just a warning. Also ordered the signature burger and that was quite good - the crispy onion straws on top were outrageously delicious and I am not a typical fan of onion rings/straws. My dining buddy got the buffalo chicken wrap and said it was surprisingly more spicy than anticipated but good overall. Would visit again during this off-time but not sure about later in the evening, some other Yelpers have mixed reviews after dark.
I have a love-hate relationship with this bar. What I love, reasonable prices, good food, and the staff has been great so far. It's also a Patriots bar, so bonus.
What I don't like: their history of every "ism" possible and the douchebag/bro crowd that seems to dominate the bar.
Stopped here for happy hour with friends.  Nice looking crowd.  Too bad they were 'out' of so much --- basic cocktail ingredients, ingredients for most of their 'special' cocktails--- and pinot grigo ----- I ended up ordering a diet coke after my first 3 selections met with "we're out of that."   We decided to head elsewhere after round 1, so we didn't try anything from the food menu.
A lot of suits up in here, a great place to meet a lawyer..... 

If Smith's could manage some consistency between dishes and servers, they might earn an extra star here.  
Going there for Quizzo every week has made me a bit of a connossieur of their menu as I've tried almost everything.  And really nothing was impressive at all.  Not bad, just not worth more than 2 stars really.  Then, their menu changes and with it - several things I've tried have been delicious.  Turkey Chili is yum (but $9 for a cup of soup?  At a bar??  At least give me some bread with it - damn) and the Habanero Nachos are phenomenal.  Now that they're on happy hour, I will gladly eat these every time.  
For the service, it's almost a joke now to see how many times we have to ask before we get water.  I get that you don't put it into a computer so you're less likely to remember, but after asking 3 times, I'd hope you'd realize I really want a water with my beer.
I hang in the area but always forget this place. We went on a Saturday- not crowded but when we left, it was. It seems pretty big though- lots of tables. The atmosphere is nice- candelit but not fancy. A few big TVs, dartboard in the back. The bartender was nice and efficient. Prices were good.
Came here to meet a friend on Thursday night for happy hour. Its gross. First there were flies all over. There were 2 people sitting at the bar when I got there and the bartender completely ignored me while wiping his nose for five minutes. When I finally did get the bartender to take my order, 3 of the drafts were kicked and not replaced. One of the waitresses stood next to me at the end of the bar and grabbed one of those bamboo knot toothpick things and began to dig under her nails with it. Right next to me. I've never had a great experience here, but never completely wrote it off until now.
My wife and I have been "living" in the Embassy suites waiting on our movers to deliver our stuff - relocating from TN.  We Yelped to see what was close to the hotel on an awesome warm Wednesday night and we saw the listings for Smiths.  I'm going 5 stars here because I was impressed....it's probably a legitimate 4 star joint, but count me in at pleasantly surprised.  

Plenty of bar space with 2 bars and lots of tables.  Bartenders were friendly and very attentive - let us sample some draft before we decided. Beers were good and cold with a decent selection.  

The food was damn fine for a bar - maybe better than fine for a bar.  It was really good.  We ate a black peppered tuna appetizer - which was delicious!  For dinner wifey had a Mahi salad - Brussel slaw, kale with mustard vinaigrette - said it was great.  I munched a chop salad -  chicken and the works chopped with a cilantro dressing - excellent salad.  Prices were reasonable with specials every day - tonight was $5 chicken nacho night which looked ample and decadent.  The flatbreads looked good as well.....crispy thin and huge - size of a large pizza anywhere else.  

Go there....you'll dig it.....cool atmosphere and a great spot to stop for a drink and a bite.
Stopped here for a beer with friends before a dinner reservation on Saturday evening around 8, grabbed a table in the back and it took over 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. Ordered a round of beers, which were fine - normal beer selection. We were looking for our waitress to get the check, and she was nowhere to be found. She finally came over and I put my credit card in with the check immediately and it took another 5-10 minutes for her to return - she walked by our table at least 3 times and the place wasn't super busy or anything. I left a 15% tip which I feel was generous since she didn't really do much of anything - this apparently wasn't good enough because my credit card was charged for more than the receipt that I signed. Needless to say, I will not be returning here again. Too many other good places in the city that I have never had any issues like this! It's a shame because the live music was decent and it is close to lots of other good places.
I've patronized Smiths for years, but less recently as I've gotten older and the thought of squeezing myself through throngs of half-drunk twenty somethings has become unappealing.  

Went here recently for a work party and they had a nice spread of food.  The pizza was decent - thin crust always wins in my book!  The space is small for any large groups and we were cramped in a back area that was in direct line of the kitchen and the bathrooms.  I felt like I was always in the way of servers and people trying to squeeze past to the restrooms.  

Probably the thing I enjoy most about Smiths is when I'm not physically inside, but riding my bike past and seeing the hilarious quotes on the blackboard.  Whoever comes up with those is pure genius.  

Overall, if you're in the area and just want to grab a quick drink, I wouldn't rule Smiths out.  But if you're craving a meal, there are much better establishments in the area serving pub fare.
I came to Smith's for an after work happy hour.  We got a big table, drinks and food and started chatting.  Service was ok, drinks and food serviceable, but nothing remarkable.  They had a band start up after normal happy hour time that drove us out.  The music was turned up so loud you couldn't think, let alone have a conversation.

Smith's doesn't really know what it wants to be.  The menu shows some effort at being a place to get good food, but falls short of anything to crow about.  The decor and ambiance says it appeals to a professional crowd, but they also advertise as a sports bar.  Smith's needs to figure out what it wants to be and go for it.  Right now the most positive thing about Smith's is "it was close to work."  There are too many better places in the neighborhood to merit more than two stars.

A major minus is their penchant for putting sexist and offensive signs in the window.   I realize it's an attempt to be cheeky and provocative, but some of them go way too far.  Because of the signs and the noise level, I would never come here for a first date or with anyone I was trying to get to know and impress.
Went in with low expectations and was mildly surprised.  Went during a happy hour on a Thursday and were treated to $3 Magic Hat and $10 pizza specials.  The pizzas are huge and refreshingly different.  Flatbread pizza, ultra thin and tasty ingredients.  My girlfriend and I shared the classic and the jimmy pizza.  The jimmy was my favorite with it's sirachi sauce and chicken sausage.  We also split some buffalo shrimp which were really tasty.  I liked the buffalo sauce and look forward to trying their wings sometimes.  The place has lots of TVs if a game is on and isn't terribly loud.  Service was exceptional and surprising after seeing some reviews on here.  Our waitress whose name I can't remember was extremely attentive.

Go check it out!
Went in a few nights ago and liked the layout of the bar, enjoyed my drinks which I think were reasonable for a center city bar. There was an irish gentlemen bartending who was very nice and polite, and attentive.
However im only giving this place 2 stars because the women with the blonde hair ( maybe the manager)? Was extremely rude and dis respectful as we tried to pay our tab. I probably would go again but if i seen her working in any capacity i would def not stay
The food was decent but nothing special. The service was extremely slow, the waitress forgot to give us our appetizer, and the bill was wrong. The worst part was that we were the only people in the restaurant, so it's not like the waitress was busy with other duties. Just poor service and we were very disappointed.
Good times!
Met a friend here for lunch around 12:45 today and it was PACKED.  Unfortunately, it looks like there was one server for our entire side of the restaurant who also had to play bartender.  I wasn't in a rush so sat patiently at the bar with my friend until another person from the other side came over and took our drink orders.
I had the grilled steak salad and it was AWESOME.  It was essentially grilled fillet that was exactly as rare as I wanted as well as very tasty mixed greens.  I wasn't interested in the fried onions but I'm sure a fried onion fan would enjoy.  Friend had the rib eye sandwich and said it was awesome.  Salad was $13, sandwich was $11.00.  Four drinks total and we had like a $50 lunch.
Only gripe - $5.50 for a bottle shelf vodka/club?  A little expensive for POPOV!

I'll definitely go back - heavy Philadelphia brewing draft list - Yards, PBC, Victory...
Context: Quizo with friends
Time of Visit: Wednesday nights, 7:00PM-9:30PM

Being new to Philadelphia, Smiths was one of the first bars I had the chance to visit, and will always be one of my favorites.  While I do love it, that doesn't necessarily warrant a 5-star review.

Their Happy Hour (5-7, M-F) specials are pretty good: 1/2 off some appetizers and $3 IPA's, to name a few.  The Habanero Nachos are actually really good, especially at $4.50.  Outside of Happy Hour, food is moderately priced, as are the drinks.

The atmosphere is very casual, but that can be deceiving (at no fault of Smiths).  Smiths is not a formal place, but because of its location in a commercial center of Philly, a lot of professionals head here for drinks after work.  If you see a bunch of suits standing at the door and you're in jeans...it's OK-don't be discouraged.  

Music is average decibel level and it is a popular place to watch big games.  The Quizo trivia on Wednesday is also pretty fun.

My issue is the service: it can be inconsistent.  The bar staff is usually very helpful and responsive.  The table staff can either be very quick, or you will have to ask twice and wait 20 minutes to get your beer.  It depends on your waitress.

Overall, I enjoy Smiths: you can find me there on most Wednesdays.  While it is not perfect, it is definitely a favorite of mine and will continue to have me as a customer.
Danced my face off here on the Friday night before Halloween, and loved every second of it. Can't comment on too many details, except the dance floor was bumpin and it was awesome. There's sometimes a crazy line outside, but from what I remember it was fun enough to justify said line. 

I also have eaten here once, a long time ago, and cannot for the life of me remember what I ate so it couldn't have been too great, or too terrible.
Located a block away from work is Smith's, which gained some notoriety back in 2012 over the jokes that they had on display. The jokes remain, but luckily, they're now a tad less "abusive." So recently after work, the GF and I got together for happy hour. 

Happy Hour Nachos [$5 $4.50]

The menu listed these nachos for $5, but we were charged only $4.50 - who can complain about that? Better yet - this showcased a bed of house-fried tortilla chips and a nice melange of cilantro, onions, and peppers. This was all interspersed with shredded chicken and spicy nacho cheese. Do get these.

Signature Salad [$11]
Tomato, warm bacon, cucumber, red onion, signature dressing, goat cheese medallion

The GF went with the signature salad, which was huge and provided a healthy helping of greens, onions, cucumbers, and tomato. Some bacon and a huge goat cheese medallion brought this over the top with salty and tangy flavors. The accompanying pita was a bit salty and a tad dry, but for $11, this wasn't bad at all.

Signature Burger [$12]
8 oz. Angus beef, avocado, smoked bacon, cheddar, grilled brioche, signature aioli 

I had previously had the burger here with some coworkers and wasn't disappointed. So, I went with it again. I requested it medium-rare and though it came out medium, it was still juicy and nicely salt-crusted. The fresh avocado, thick-cut bacon, cheddar, and fried onions helped to create one savory bite. The potato brioche held together well despite the sheer heft. The burger came with the choice of a salad or fries and since I'm not a rabbit, I went with the crispy, salty fries, which were served in a cute pail. 

So if you're in the Rittenhouse area looking for bar eats, don't hesitate to check out Smith's. They've got good eats, decent HH prices, and there's plenty of seating as well.
If you are a looking for an unassuming bar with good food and good drinks, Smith's is the place. As it's around the corner from where I work, I frequent this joint often with my co-workers. Whether we are grabbing a quick beer before going home for the night or setting up camp to watch a Phillies play-off game, Smith is the one stop shop for our hunger/thirst needs. The laidback vibe makes the bar a great place to unwind after a long day at the office. 

We've been coming for so long, the bartender knows us. He definitely always treats us right and gives us quality service. The food is delicious. It's not what you would typically picture at a sports bar. More health and not so much fried (you can choose to have a side salad instead of fries which your sandwhich). 

On a typical night, we'll come in and get a table. (It's normally pretty easy to get a table as they have two bar areas with lots of seating). We start off with a round of beers. The beer selection is definitely decent. It is a sports bar after all. 

We move onto our food orders. We normallly get the boneless wings ($9.50) (you have the option between bone and boneless) and have been known on occasion to get the Cheesesteak springrolls ($8.50). Both are delicious. I don't really love cheesesteak but something about those springrolls is magical. The wings are also great. I love that I have the option to go boneless. The sauce is quite tasty. 

We finish the night with a flat bread pizza. Being a flat bread, the crust is very thin -- exactly how I like it. The pizza is crispy on the edges and gooey and cheesy in the middle. You can easily share the pizza amongst three or four people. It's very large and for around $15 bucks it isn't breaking the bank. 

I have gotten some of their other food as well (salads, crab cake sandwhich) all of it being above average for a bar. My only complaint is that some of the food is on the pricier side. But most of it is priced reasonably.
My new boss brought me here for lunch. It's her fave. I have lived in Philly for five years and never noticed Smith's...it is quite unassuming. It is small inside and during lunch it is pretty full, but not cramped. I was told that you can't go wrong with anything on the menu and I decided on the Sea Bass Salad. I was warned it was a warm salad and I almost changed my mind, but I am so glad I didn't! It was amazing. I really wasn't that hungry, but I could not stop eating this salad! The sea bass was served on top of kale, butternut squash and prosciutto. I didn't get why the prosciutto was there, so I picked it out. I ate everything else. The lunchtime service was quick and our waitress was sweet. Can't wait to go back! Would be a great alternative to a loud sports bar. Lots of TVs!
Great location, great staff and brilliant food. Also the doormen aren't morons like other bars in Center City.
a friend had Smith's cater a party once and WOW! The chef had a specialization in a South Asian background and we all (being Indian) really enjoyed the twist on the food. After the party, the owner of Smith's invited us all back to the bar and it was really a blast. the bartenders were really enthusiastic and friendly. I've been here before that night too and always had fun. its a good crowd and the service is perfect.
They rope you in with clever chalkboard jokes, and keep you around with reasonably priced brewskies and a pretty nice bar setup. I've noshed on a few pizzas in the past and some bar snacks, nothing stood out. And maybe that's exactly how I feel about Smiths. Pretty nice, and nothing stands out.

On a recent visit, there was a very poorly masked stench covered up with about 3 Glade plug-ins in an apple cinnamon scent. The result was none too pleasant, sort of like if Bath and Body Works also sold rotten eggs. I guess that stood out...
A convenient post-work happy-hour spot, Smiths Restaurant and Bar offered:

- warmth (except right by the door, which was definitely gusty as patrons came and went);
- atmosphere in the form of a mixture of business guys, frat-ty guys, and south Philly guys (and yes, most patrons seemed to be male) and a musician (arrived ~7:30PM);
- hot food, of which the boneless buffalo wings were the best (more like bite-sized nuggets than wings) with a crisp on the exterior, though the pizza had an awesome super-thin crust (slightly salty) and the guacamole was pleasant (a bit bland--where's the heat? the tang?);
- drink specials on par with bars in Center City; and
- pleasant service by both the circulating wait staff and the bartenders (polite and quick to provide drinks).
I lived directly across the street once upon a time and never ventured into this place. I did post sips last week and enjoyed it. Cool spot, good music, drinks, bar bites and centrally located. No giving 4 stars because the crowd was kinda blah...though that's not entirely the venue's fault...I feel like being stern....guilt by association
I have been going to Smith's since it opened periodically and spent just about every Saturday during college football season catching a game there with my alumni group.  Most of the food is fantastic, the Beer selection is great and the Bartenders are solid (props to Sean for turning me on to Double Espresso Vodka in my morning coffee).  If Smiths did not need waitstaff, I would give the bar 5 stars, but they do.  Every time I sit at a table, I remember why I enjoy sitting at the bar so much better.  The waitresses generally just don't seem to care about their tables.  It's still my favorite place to watch a game and the staff is still better then Fox and Hound.
Just keep walking! Terrible service. Falsely advertising unlimited mimosas that the waiter knew nothing about. Out of waffles. Sausage that looked and tasted like a burnt turd. Took forever for our drinks to come, lipstick marks on the glass. Good finally vane. Pancakes served with no butter or syrup. Waited until they got cold for it to arrive. Syrup tasted watered down. Served our orange juice in a tall cup so it spilled as we tried to pour it. No butter or jam with the toast. Potatoes were cold and mediocre at best. 

Horrible horrible food experience. Just keep walking.
Great happy hour spot and perfect for a big group.  Food was tasty and a clear step above standard pub food.  Lots of big TVs around and nice, clean decor.  A definite classy alternative to Noche or Drinkers.
Smith's is a great happy hour bar for week nights. The waitstaff and bar staff is nice and friendly. The food is always very good. I am not a happy hero that stays too long but whenever I go I want to stay longer. 

Smith's is a good center city spot that i hope is around a while! Go to Smith's for Happy Hour.
place was just ok.... nothing special... servers were rude and slow.
Great place to watch a ballgame and they have quizzo, too.  Pretty good draft beer selections.  Food is fine, but doesn't stand out.
Strong martinis and good flatbread! Smith is one of my works go-to when we're tired of Continential. It has a nice selection of sandwiches and salads all of which are good. The flatbread is probably the best food item there and you can't go wrong on which kind because they're all good. The other appetizers are to expectations. Drinks are affordable but don't expect a crazy long draft list. 

On Friday and Saturday nights, Smiths is basically a dance bar. The one side has a DJ and they use the space as a dance floor. They play 90s music and main stream, so you'll have a nice time.
The love affair is over. Smith's is still a cool place, but it's lost it's sparkle. 

Ash is still around, Steve has gone to greener pastures at 10 Arts, and lady who's name escapes me is in the wind. The larger half of the bar has been shut more times than I've been happy with and the crowd has gone a bit... Jersey. Some jerk off manager flat out refused to put a soccer game on just one of the smaller screens on a fairly slow night. It was Philadelphia Union playing and Drinkers had it on for chrissakes! The menu's been changed, which isn't bad. The food is still quite good, although the fish sticks are sorely missed (If you ask, they have them sometimes).
Not good for Sunday night football. Ordered their cheesesteak rolls (essentially eggrolls filled with shaved meats and cheese). Not only did it take 35 minutes to deliver order (guy next to me got guacamole and chips and waited just as long) but they came fried on the outside and cold in center. Also it came with a spicy ketchup (probably Heinz with some siracha) Which wasn't bad but I asked for mustard and was told they didn't have any. Right then I chose not to push my luck and order anything else. 

The saving grace was the bartender was conscientious and bought me a beer to make up for issues. 

I don't see any reason to return.
I really enjoyed my experience at Smith's last night. We arrived at 6:45, just in time to order 1 round of happy hour drinks and a few appetizers. For appetizers, we got the guac and boneless buffalo wings. For dinner, two of us ordered grilled buffalo chicken sandwiches (not on the menu), one got the signature burger sans bacon, and one got the ahi tuna salad. All of the food was absolutely delicious. The bite I took of my boyfriend's burger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. It was big, juicy, and just plain wonderful. My sandwich was great too, but the piece of chicken was a bit on the small side. The chicken in the sandwiches and wings was all cooked to perfection. The guac was absolutely amazing, and I am quite a guac snob. The service was pretty poor, but our server was the bartender (and only bartender) so we kinda understood and just went up to the bar to request refills as needed. Smith's was a great mix of cozy, casual, sophisticated, and fun. I couldn't think of a better casual dinner/bar spot to go to! Definitely give it a shot
Fancy corndogs, mac n' cheese, and chili - make for good happy hour eats.  Of course, being fancy, they were also pricey.  I'm not sure if paying 10 bucks  for corndogs makes sense when I used to get them for 5 cents for ones that were just as good if not better at my school's cafeteria when i was young.  But it's not everyday you eat a corndog at a bar in rittenhouse, so we had to get them.  

I really liked the venue itself.  Very comfy and laid back esp. if you score a table with the cushy seating right by the bar.  Drinks are bit overpriced to make this a place I would frequent, but if I ever have a craving for a $10 corn dog, I may just have to go back.
This place is pretty cool for some Saturday night dancing. It was really crowded with overly drunk graduate students, but I was able to get a nice little area to dance with my friends.  The bathrooms were actually the most disgusting bathrooms I've ever been in.  You could actually smell them on the dance floor, it was almost vomit inducing.  I would suggest staying far away from them as possible.  Also, I found it pretty weird that the DJ played music in segments by genre, we had a beats hour, pop hour, throwback hour, and hip-hop hour.  Honestly, I think you can find a better dancing experience elsewhere.

I've also been here for drinks and food with no dancing and it was pretty standard.  Although, the waitstaff was really slow and not attentive at all, especially given that my table was ordering close to $200 worth of apps for only like 7 ppl.  You would think we would get 5 star service, but nope. Oh well, worth a try.
Our group of five visited Smith's on a Saturday for a lite bite and drinks before heading to a show.  There was plenty of street parking and several parking garages had online deals. The venue is pretty spacious. I didn't realize that it consisted of two rooms each having a bar and dining area. We arrived around 4 and there were only a few other patrons. My friend who picked Smith's read the menu wrong and thought that the happy hour was everyday. The manager explained that it did not but told us he would give us domestic drafts for $4 which was great. We ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls, mesquite rub wings, Asian sing wings, and the Salmon Cesar salad. The group thought the egg rolls were small and needed more meat and cheese. The mesquite rub wings were a hit. Plenty of rub and flavor. The Asian sing wings were okay I would have liked the skin to be more crispy. The salmon salad was delicious. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the salad had plenty of dressing and croutons. We enjoyed ourselves sometimes getting a little loud and it was fine. Good time can't wait to come back for the pizza.
Best sports bar in town especially if you have New England roots!

Just spent another Sunday afternoon at Smith's watching the Patriots win another championship with a few hundred of my new best friends.  What an amazing sports bar.  Lots of friendly people, great bar food, plenty of cold beer and a super staff.  This is THE place to enjoy a big game.
Racist flag outside and Patriots fans inside. The place is vile. The food stale and the tables dirty. Gross.
Have been here twice - both time for work-related happy hours.
Good service from the sweet Irish barkeep - Connor - and a good big shot of Tullimorew Dew.  (Sweet and smooth.)

Food is just OK.

Love the witty quotes/sayings on the blackboard that changes every day.
We came here and they took our large party of 15 so that was a win!  We came for quizzo  and it was just aight, I played at Morgan's Pier and it was more fun. What really disappointed me was that the host didn't say our full team name, "Team Selena with an S." #Fail #Jerk 

On a good note, the food was pretty good. We got the margarita pizza and grilled BBQ, worth a try. Overall it's a chill spot that's worth checking out.
I have been a patron of Smiths, and this is one of my favorite center city restaurants for years. However, tonight I had a very disturbing experience. While in line for the restroom, I had a man step in front of me and start casually talking to the girls directly in front of me who were also in line. When I said to this man that there was an end of the line, he informed me that he worked there in a very rude/aggressive tone. His casual manner with the ladies in front of me did not initially indicate that he worked there. I told him that was great that he worked there. I did not like the way he spoke to me. He grabbed my arm, moved me out of line, and promptly escorted me outside through a crowd of people to the front door. Very odd experience honestly. His behavior toward me was not justified. It is a shame because bartenders and waitresses have always been friendly and the food is pretty good. One bad apple.
UPDATED 9/23/2015:  Thank you for your response to Ms. Fitzpatrick in learning about transgender people, removing your sign, and helping!  I greatly appreciate that.  I will stop in next time I am in Philadelphia!

Liz
***************************************

As a response to your request for more information from Bixley T. about your sign, I am happy to step in and provide you with more information.

First, you misgendered Ms. Jenner.  This is highly offensive to transgender people.

Second, transgender women do disappear and an appalling high number of them are murdered.  This year alone in the United States 20 transgender women have been murdered through August.  This is an increase of 43% over all of last year.  There are four months left!

Those murdered this year are
  Tamara Dominguez, 36
  Elisha Walker, 20
  Kandis Capri, 35
  Amber MonRoe, 20
  Shade Schuler, 22
  K.C. Haggard, 66
  India Clarke, 25
  Ashton O'Hara, 25
  Mercedes Williamson, 17
  London Kiki Chanel, 21, from Philadelphia
  Mya Shawatza Hall, 27
  Keyshia Blige, 33
  Kristina Gomez Reinwald, 46
  Brian Golec, 22
  Penny Proud, 22
  Taja Gabrielle de Jesus, 36
  Yazmin Vash Payne, 33
  Ty "Nunee" Underwood
  Lamia Beard, 30
  Papi Edwards, 20

These women have often been misgendered in the press, disowned by their families, and ignored by the police.

Transgender youth often get kicked out of their homes by their family and are left to fend on the streets.  They are missing but no one cares.  

For those of us in the transgender community we are deeply saddened by the loss of our sisters.  And joking about that which may lead to further losses is distressing and hurtful.

Thank you,
Liz
I wanna start out by saying that this is my first Yelp review and if I could, I would rate this establishment with 0 stars.

This is the perfect bar to go to if you love when the bartender just assumes whatever change they owe you is their tip then gets mad and calls you cheap when you confront them about it. This is a frequently occurring incident here at Smith's. Then once they aggressively throw your rightful change back at you, they'll spray you with a water gun filled with some sort of chaser for whatever disgusting "complimentary" shot they are providing at that given time. Then to top it all off, they'll kick you and everyone you are with out of the bar for simply confronting the bartender for pretty much stealing your change. I guess here they think grabbing 2 bottles of Michelob is such rigorous work that requires an $8 tip. A JOKE! 

Plenty of better bars in the city where I can assure you this will NOT happen. Check out Drinkers at the corner of the block instead. Will not disappoint.
I went there and got some of their pizza. pretty good.  I would give them a better rating, but yeah, that sign was pretty awful. I won't go back
My family and I went to Smith's last night to watch the Super Bowl. As huge Patriots fans, we cannot recommend this place enough. Everyone there was a fan as well, and it was such an awesome, positive environment to watch our team win yet another game.

Our server, Desiree, must have been a witch or something. A good witch though, as seconds after we asked for another beer, or some ketchup, or anything at all, there she was with whatever we requested. She was so patient with my indecisive parents, and stayed with us and attentive even as the bar filled up and the game went on.

I had the original pizza, and mac and cheese bites, and maybe it was just the beer, but it was the best bar food I've had in a long time. The pizza was super thin and crispy, and the basil along with the magnificent sauce was just the perfect harmony. I did not expect to eat that giant pizza almost by myself, but it was Super Bowl Sunday, and things happen.

Bottom line: Go to Smith's.
