So happy I finally got around to eating here: it's $7.99 for either a custom or signature pizza, a great price! I like that you can customize your pizza (even the signature ones) however you want, with no limits on toppings, and it's the same price. The ingredients are also all organic and very fresh, pizza you can feel good about eating. The pizza itself is closer to 14", more than enough to fill you up.

We ordered The Good Egg and Roasted Veggie Pesto. The Good Egg is great for those of you who love lots of cheese, because you'll get both sharp provolone and mozzarella! I was a little disappointed because the cheese masks the egg - I almost thought they forgot to put in the egg at first. I chose to substitute out the pesto on Roasted Veggie Pesto w/ tomato sauce, because that's what I was feeling - I was craving lots of veggies and a lighter pizza, and this one really hit the spot! Again, I love how customizable it is.

The staff is reasonable for a casual joint - the glass divide make it hard for them to hear your order, which can be frustrating for both sides. However, I had no issues with my order and was pleased with how quickly our food was made in front of us and how quickly it came out of the oven.

This place, oddly enough, is also a BYOB! I saw other customers bring in their own wine and were given wine glasses.
Fast-casual doesn't get much better than this, folks. 

The Snap staff greets the customers as if they are family, and their assembly line makes ordering the food a breeze. Sometimes the line can get backed up because the pizzas need to cook, and because there is usually only one person mixing salads at a time, but the end result is always delicious. 

Ordering the food at Snap is my absolute favorite, because both options are entirely customizable. Sure, if you want to go with a tried-and-true flavor combo, definitely order Kale Caesar salad or a Diablo pizza--you won't be disappointed. BUT if you want to go wild and put *all* the meat and cheese on your pizza, the staff will enthusiastically pile up the toppings. Just get in the assembly line, mention whether you want pizza or salad, and you will travel down said line to pick and choose your ingredients. FYI, gluten-free crust is available for the pizza.

Snap Pizza is fast becoming my #1 to-go lunch place (tied with Dizengoff) because it does its two offerings (pizza and salad) really well, has a plethora of options, and employs a fantastic staff.

PS: Try the homemade chocolate chip cookies that are available up front. $2.50 gets you six of these delicious, bite-size babies that you will want to devour immediately.
(to the tune of "I'll Be There for You" by The Rembrandts)

You've had a wild weekend, and now it is Sunday (claps^4)
You're headed back to work tomorrow, oh OY VEY!
It's like you just need something to make you feel
Like you didn't eat like garbage, had cheesesteaks for every meal....

SNAP is there for youuuuu
(With ingredients galore)
SNAP is there for youuuuu
(And they've been there before)
SNAP is there for youuuuuu
(Grab a salad, you fool....)

Don't wanna break the bank, too lazy for cooking at home
Gotta get dinner fast, then rush back for Game of THRONES
You say you want a lot of veggies? SURE!
Unlimited toppings keep you coming back
for more and MOREEEEE.

SNAP is there for youuuuu
(With pizza, or some greens)
SNAP is there for youuuuu
(The staff's the opposite of mean)
SNAP is there for youuuuuu
(You should be at SNAP too).

This place is the answer to my prayers: reasonably priced salad in a hurry, with toppings to suit any mood. For like... $9.70 ($8.99 pre tax) you can get a MASSIVE salad or grain bowl topped with everything from crunchy corn to several cheeses, chicken or green olives, fresh jalapenos or toffee crunch sunflower seeds. It's insane. The sheer amount of options allow you to cater the pizza or salad to however you're feeling at any moment. They've got gourmet sodas if you'd like to #treatyoself and the space is bright and welcoming. Lately, we've just preferred taking our salads to the park and noshing, but wherever you choose to eat them, you're gonna be glad you did. Five stars, no doubt I'll be seeing a LOT of you this summer, SNAP.
I know I seem nuts, but this pizza and my toppings and that manager and those flavours make this a main stop, every-time I visit Philly. 

It's so good- their gluten free crust is fantastic. 

Also tip your pizzaristas, they work so hard to listen to your every whim.
Great pizza means different things to everyone. I like mine thin crust, floppy pie slice either grilled or in brick oven.
Long story short:
There's much hype about Snap. Not any Snap but Snap Custom Pizza. 1. I predicted I'll fall in love at first bite? But probably my taste buds were distracted.
2. I took a second bite..... Still nothing. 
3. Every pizza need at least three bites before I make my final judgment, and there it was, not my bite of pizza. 
Nothing was wrong with Snap's but it just didn't do it for me. Perhaps I'm comparing Snap with  my favorite spot that has the same concept of the quick-serve pizza where you can customize any pizza and/or salad with and many toppings as you wish for one flat price.

Three and Three Quarters Yelps.
I stumbled upon Snap with a couple of friends and was pleasantly surprised at how good this pizza was. It's a great place to stop by after a night of bar hopping. I'm sure you can't go wrong with any of the options, which are all custom made with fresh ingredients, but the Kennet Square is SO good (goat cheese, mushrooms...YUMMM!)
This will be deadly for me. This place is way too close to my workplace. 

I came here today. I ordered San Marzano tomatoes, garlic spread with mozzarella on top. It sounds ordinary BUT if you're a garlic feen like me then this will be nirvana for you. The dough is perfection. Not thin like a cracker , just the right amount of chew. 

I thought I would eat half, I should've stopped at half but I didn't. I'm ashamed but I know I'll do it again.
There are a lot of different make your own salad/pizza places around the city. But I haven't found a place that allows unlimited toppings for a fixed price. I've probably been here more times than I've been to the gym since moving to Philly and each time I get more than 10 different veggies, a meat, and at least 3 types of cheeses on my salads. Thank you snap kitchen for enabling me to continue my gluttonous habits at an affordable price. ily

FYI: This location doesn't sell packaged meals like the other ones do - only fresh made salads and pizzas.
Cheap and quick plus awesome pizza! I came in around 8pm on a Thursday night with a group of four. We ask ordered different pizzas and they came out within 10 minutes. I opted for two pre made options but the unlimited toppings deal seems pretty good if you're creative. 

I was a little underwhelmed by my two options. I'd say they're good but it's not making me want to come back and try other options. Also, as a fan of pineapple on my pizza, I was disappointed that it wasn't an option on the menu.
One of my favorite places to get pizza. Period.

Snap custom pizza had a cool concept --- imagine Chipotle style servings/toppings, but on pizza. It's just one price for a pizza, and you can put as many toppings on it as will fit (or not, since my pizzas here resemble small mountains). There's the option to choose from a variety of sauces, cheeses, meats, and veggies. If you can't decide on just one, you can ask for it to be placed on only have the pizza. They'll bake the pizza, and then give you the option of putting even more fresh toppings on the pizza, like fresh arugula or basil.

Basically, snap pizza is the best place for even the pickiest of eaters. Because all of the pizzas are personal, there's really no need to comprise on toppings with the rest of the group. It's the perfect place for a quick, casual and delicious meal with friends.
AMAZING!

I love the concept of custom pizza and I'm thrilled Philly has Snap. Imagine Chipotle, except for pizza. It's about $8 for a pizza and you can't go wrong with any combination of ingredients. I always do a half-half pizza, so that I can experiment with different flavor combinations. The herb cream and pesto sauces are delicious and I love the ricotta and goat cheese. 

+BYOB
When pizza gives you life!

We went to the location right off Sansom in the heart of the city. It was a Sunday, so we found parking a few blocks away. It is a crowded area of town, so plan accordingly. 

Inside, it's a shotgun type layout with art deco aesthetics. From the door looking in, there's a wall on one side with some decor and bench type seating (facing the wall), in the middle there is seating of long tables so many different parties can share the space, and the kitchen/prep line on the other end. It's a good use of space to allow for many to dine in. 

There are two ways to order - either choosing from the menu of different signature pizzas available, or making your own up with as many toppings as you want! The best part is that they have so many choices of toppings, the options and combinations are endless! Lots of veggie friendly selections to choose from :)!

We opted to go with the signature pizzas and then modify them to our liking. We ordered two pies - the Margherita pizza with jalapenos on top and the Roasted Veggie Pesto and skipped the artichoke hearts. 

The place was relatively steady business wise, but that didn't mean we waited long for our order to be completed. We sat inside and had a chance to grab drinks while we waited for our number to be called. About 10 minutes later the pizza was ready and boy did they deliver! The crust was flavorful - right mixture of doughy, soft goodness and a little charred effects on edges. The toppings are fresh and you can definitely taste that they take pride in what they put on their dishes. The portions were perfect for our party of four and the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food and toppings that we ordered. 

In addition, we had our small dog with us and the staff was very gracious in allowing him to come in and sit with us while we dined in. They even offered him some water while we ate our pizza. 

A very pleasant experience - I look forward to many more visits!
What a fun place!  I was greeted with friendly smiles and chipper moods, which made me feel welcome right off the bat.  When the woman asked if it was my first time there and I said yes, they all cheered and rang a bell, so that's fun as hell.

For a create-your-own pizza joint, I decided to be boring and just order one of their regular signature pizzas.  All sounded enticing but I opted for the Kennett Square, which was the usual combo of truffle/mushroom/parmesan.  I regretted not being creative when I saw just how many choices there were to create your own (everything from artichokes to apples to blue cheese to bacon....yum).  I feel like you can get a little too carried away though here, especially when the create your own is only $9 no matter how much you decide to add to it, so perhaps my only advice would be moderation so you don't end up with a soppy mess of conflicting flavors.

When I checked out, their little brown paper bags boasting homemade chocolate chip cookies called to me, so I obviously had to get those, as well.

Overall, the personal pizza is the perfect size for one person and was pretty tasty, although I will say it was *quite* heavy on oregano. If you're looking for the best pizza ever or just a good old fashioned cheese pizza, this place isn't for you.  Good if you want something fun and DIY.
We had no intentions on going to Snap for lunch on the day we went; the Beau and I had just been wandering south of the area, and after a long stroll through Philly's Magic Garden, we wanted something quick and simple. As we walked back to our hotel, Snap caught my eye. A tad hangry, I decided this was our option. I didn't go in expecting too much...but let me tell you, the bar was raised much beyond my expectations! 

The concept is similar to &pizza in NYC, I found: pick from a menu or pick your own custom toppings, and have it made in a flash! Within ten minute, I had ordered, had two pizzas, and was on my way out the door again! 

He ordered the Margherita, which was wonderfully made: sure, it's just tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and basil, like any other, but the preparation of the crust really sold me on it! It was crisp yet doughy, despite its thinness. Great crust or go home! But...the Bianco Verde...THE BIANCO VERDE...OH. MY. GOD. I am a huge white pizza fan, but this was in another stratosphere! There was shredded mozzarella, housemade fresh mozzerella, ricotta, basil, and HERBED BUTTER. The butter sold it for me. I could have eaten it all by myself...well, I did, but I had to share two bites, which made me sad. Ha! 

This is definitely a place to get excellent pizza fast at a good price. Sitting here in NYC, I'm thinking about that Bianco Verde and wishing I was 100 miles to the south, eating it right now. Don't sleep on this place if you're in Philly! Absolutely worth it!
When I first heard that the Peace A Pizza (https://www.yelp.com/biz/peace-a-pizza-ardmore-2) were embracing the fast casual movement and making custom pies possible faster than ever before, I loved the idea. Especially when I found out that they were opening a Philly location in the spot that used to house my beloved burger joint 500 Degrees (https://www.yelp.com/biz/500-degrees-philadelphia-3). And after a couple of visits I can say that I'm happy with the end result overall.

Ultimately I give 4 stars because there's another nearby fast casual pizza joint that delivers pies slightly better (&Pizza review coming later). I also find the huge wooden serving blocks that they give you when you order in to be kind of awkward to handle, especially when you come in during a lunch or dinner rush. But when it comes down to it I'm impressed with the number of specialty pies, grain bowls, and salads that they're able to dish out, and liked the selection of New Hope fountain sodas that you were able to grab with free refills. 

For my first visit I ordered the appropriately named Kennett Square, a delicious pie that didn't disappoint with its medley of local roasted mushrooms, crumbled goat cheese, herb butter, and shredded mozzarella. For my second visit I was craving meat, and got it with a trio of pepperoni, sweet Italian sausage, and veal meatballs on their Sweet n' Slow pie! Add in plenty of customization options, and a free glass of wine during their Wine Wednesdays, and you have a solid spot!
I got the Mexican pizza and it was awesome! I love the size and freshness of this pizza. Can't wait to go back and try a different speciality pizza!
This is like chipotle for pizza. The ingredients are premium, and I'm pretty sure you can add unlimited toppings. Each pie is made to order down the assembly line and comes out on a wooden block. Everything is customizable. Taste and presentation were all on point and the pie is a steal at $7.99.
My girlfriend ranted and raved about her delicious cauliflower pizza from Snap Kitchen. As she was describing it, I felt like the kid in the Dr Seuss book, 

I will not cauliflower pizza. 
I do not like them Sam I am 

but I told her I would try it. We went there and I must admit I started to get a bit excited when I saw the employees making fresh mozzarella. I asked my friend to order the pizza the way she liked it. Soooo ... she ordered the cauliflower crust, herbed butter and pesto spread, shredded mozzarella, baby spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and carmalized onions finished with truffle oil. The pizza was cooked in minutes . It look delicious , it smelled delicious and it tasted DELICIOUS.

Say! I like cauliflower pizza!
I do! I like it, Sam-I-Am!
And I would eat it in a boat.
And I would eat it with a goat...
And I will eat it, in the rain.
And in the dark. And on a train.
And in a car. And in a tree.
it is so good, so good, you see!
So I will eat it in a box.
And I will eat it with a fox.
And I will eat it in a house.
And I will eat it with a mouse.
And I will eat it here and there.
Say! I will eat it anywhere!
I do so like cauliflower pizza!
Thank you! Thank you, Sam-I-Am.
Fast. Clean. Fresh ingredients. Customizable options. #win. You can't go wrong with the above. 
I really enjoy a good healthy pizza! They have a multitude of options and even seasonal veggies. I've been to this location 2 times and the service has certainly improved, however you have to yell to make selections since the music is so loud. 
If I was to choose between snap pizza and blaze I would pick snap!
Wasn't really blown away by this pizza.  I think MOD, Blaze, and Pieology are all better than Snap.  

I can't pinpoint what it was that I didn't like, I just didn't think it was the best.  I do like how you can customize your own pizza and add any toppings you want.  It might have been the crust, but all I know is I probably won't come back.
I've been eating at snap pizza occasionally for about 3 months and it still doesn't disappointment. I choose not to purchase beverages there because the flavor isn't strong enough for me personally. For example the ginger lemonade has way more of the lemon taste while I prefer the opposite...but 10 years in west philly drinking real ginger lemonade will do that to you. 

Let's take about FOOD. 

Today I tried the "mexique" pizza with ingredients being  a bbq sauce paste on the crust, chicken, jalapeños, cheese, and a cilantro cream sauce. 

By far my favorite out of the 3 options I've tried so far. 
For a whole pizza which is a hybrid small / medium size, it's very filling. Snap doesn't offer seasoning on the side for anyone who needs more but keeping in context that snap is a healthy pizza option, this is really good pizza! I'll definitely be back to try something else in 2 weeks.  2 weeks is enough time to miss them
Every time I'm in Philadelphia or Vienna, London or New York, Lisbon, Stockholm or wherever -  I notice every new restaurant or eating establishment is searching for that special new concept or niche that they can fill and survive with .... and then hopefully thrive.  Well I love the concept that Snap Pizza has come up with.  It's just awesome!  This is a place where you can design your own pizza from the ground up with a wonderful selection of sauces, ingredients, toppings and then have it expertly baked for you.  Your personal pizza pie then comes hot out of the oven. They even have additional condiments available if you still want to add something more to your designer pizza.  There are also healthy salads and grain bowls on the menu if you're not feeling like pizza....but custom-made pizza is def the headlining story here. The service is friendly, there is room to eat in or you can take out or you can do a combo of both.  And it's incredibly tremendous value for money. You won't break the bank here! 

 I def will give five stars to Snap Pizza.  It's a great new concept.  I hope Snap Pizza will prove to be a popular destination and thrive in their special pizza and healthy food niche!
Sometimes the service is a little wonky. Sometimes the rolls are undercooked. Sometimes they're out of ingredients.

But when everything's on target, you can get a truly filling and delicious salad for the cost of a fancy-ass Sweetgreen salad without the wait. And to me, that's worth coming back for over and over again. Try a grain bowl (all are 8.99) for an extra protein boost.
Used to love this place but they've gone downhill. 

The glass food guard makes it super difficult for the people to hear your order, so mistakes happen.

They also ran out of dressing... Didn't offer to make more or anything, just stared at me. They should've known they were out of it when I ordered and told me then...not at the end.

They also started to put the wrong dressing on it and tried to lie and say they didn't when I saw it happen.

They also completely forgot the grains in my grain bowl.
I love this place, but one thing that grosses me out is that they use the same gloves to make my pizza after they just put all the meat ingredients on a pizza before mine. Bacon and sausage on their hands followed by a veggie pizza for a picky vegetarian.. I never say anything because I don't want to be this annoying weirdo lol but it sooo bothers me
I'm going to go with just ok on this one. 
The salad was just ok - I wish the jalapeno dressing was actually spicy. 
The pizza - I got the Hot Little Honey - was again just ok. 
The spicy level was not anything to be worried about. 
Fresh ingredients but mostly middle of the road in flavor and execution.
Staff are super friendly though. 

In the end will it satisfy a pizza craving? - yes. 
Will it be in my rotation of lunch spots? - no.
Loved the diablo! Full of flavor and perfect amount of toppings! Also got a custom made but with roasted garlic home made mozzarella mushrooms onions and spinach added at the end... sauce was very strong but the toppings were amazing. Nice little spot and innovative.
Entered the building close to 6pm because my munchkins were craving pizza, we were greeted right away. We checked out the menu and placed our order; kids cheese pizza, Margherita pizza,and a specialty pizza called the Mexique. They make the pizza right in front of your face and you have the option to customize your own personal pizza. We watched our pizza go through their own and viola fresh pizza in less than 10min. After the first bite my son shouted "THIS PIZZA IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE". I mean he's a bit of a pizza snob ‍. This great compliment he offered earned him some free chocolate chip cookies which were very soft and delicious. I definitely agree with him it's a great place to get pizza, and will be back.
So updating my review again- the restaurant reached out to me and explained that they were working out some issues from my last visit. I am happy to say I have been back a few times since and everything has gone smoothly! Love the make your own pizzas and salads. Reasonably priced! Taste great!
I came out of my Barre3 workout next door, and stumbled in craving a post-workout salad! The salad bar was glistening from the doors (which btw are beautiful wood and glass). The guys working there weren't super helpful, which is why only 4 stars. But they made a bangin salad, which came with a pizza dough roll.
Their "gluten free" pizza is NOT gluten free. If you have celiac or allergic to gluten and you don't
Enjoy feeling like shit for 48 hrs, don't try. You will regret
I used to be a HUGE fan of this place but over this past year, the quality of service has changed a lot. A simple order can take an unnecessarily long and at my last visit - the guy making my salad was focused on everything else but my salad. The quality of the ingredients is also at most mediocre. I got a grain bowl and the quinoa has an odd smell to it, so that will be my first and last time getting a grain bowl from here. I think a pizza covers some flaws up because it is cooked, but it's hard to hide the lack of flavor/ freshness in a salad/ grain bowl.
Best custom made pizza in the city hands down! All under $10, insanely good price. My significant other and I went here two weeks in a row after a Friday night out and we loaded it up with herb butter & roasted garlic as the base, then we did double chicken, pepperoni, old world meatballs, and bacon for the protein. 

Then for the veggies: we did local mushrooms, a handful of red onions & cilantro, topped with half jalapeños (cause she eats spicy and I can't), a handful of cherry peppers, chopped tomatoes, and bell peppers.

Finished with a lot of truffle oil (truffle oil is literally the best there) & garlic oil with arugula and seasoned with Parmesan, red pepper chili flakes, and garlic seasoning.

All those toppings literally for $9.71! It was not only amazingly delicious but beyond reasonably priced, me and my significant other always look forward for this pizza after a night out because of how great it is and how you can load unlimited toppings all under $10!
This is my favorite casual pizza place in Philadelphia. They have signature pizzas that are delicious as well as options to fully customize your own pie. You can make a salad as well for the healthy eats! I suggest the Bianco Verde. Must try this place!!
We order from Snap a lot and the quality is always great. I love that they have a variety of crust options (gluten-free, cauliflower, traditional). I always get the gluten-free crust, not due to an allergy, but because I'm sensitive to gluten. The first time I ordered from Snap, they called me personally to see if I'm gluten free by preference or due to an allergy. I appreciated this, especially for those customers who have Celiac, as it's important to prepare things separately to avoid cross-contamination.

Pizzas are affordable and delicious. Delivery is always quick too. My only constructive piece of feedback is that I wish they would label the pizza boxes. One time my husband and I ordered the same pizza, but his had traditional crust and mine had gluten-free, so it was difficult to tell the difference.

 Overall, Snap is our go-to place for pizza delivery in Philly. Would highly recommend.
I came in tonight to get a pizza for my boyfriend. I liked the idea of custom pizza because he is super picky. The pizza maker was very nice but the pizza wasn't very good. The crust was awful. Also you basically are forced into tipping when you pay. Oh and the push their cookies on you.  Not worth the money for the quality of food.
We ordered from here as our second meal on that particular evening. I was borderline stuffed but who do I think I am to turn down ordering more food?

I didn't expect bae to order THREE pizzas and a salad but in the case of food, more is definitely more. 

In terms of pizza, Tinasaurus went with the classics that are margherita, white, and good old cheese. For good measure, she ordered the kale salad. 

The pizzas themselves were good. The sauce on the margherita was especially good but likely the sauce on the marg and the cheese are the same lol. The white pizza was decent, I was just actually about to type bland but when I was asking Tinamonster her opinion I  prompted with "it was kinda bland, right?" after which she reminded me that I had said that one was my favorite. lmao. oops. Should I even be writing reviews? 

The crust was very crisp however not soft where it should be. It tasted cardboard-y and resembled, flavor-wise and partially texture-wise a frozen pizza crust. If this place aims to be more like assembly-line pizzeria that's fine but, and if I play plug my NY heritage, I am more partial to artisan pizzas. 

The kale salad was really quite good. The balsamic-esque dressing that accompanies tastes delicious. Like, I would buy that shit for my own salads in a bottle. The toppings were varied as well, including sundried tomatoes, roasted peppers, some bacon, hard boiled eggs, cheese, etc. Kale is also a nice and basic base. 

I'd probably order from another place for the pizza but contrary to this other opinionated review, I think the other stuff is pretty good from what I've tried.
Another custom pizza spot...ok!  A friend of mine suggested we go into downtown Philly on a hot summer night after 11:30pm to get pizza from Snap...ok, I'm down!  Let me start off my saying, it's on a very small street so parking is limited!!
Upon entry, I stepped right up to start my custom pizza order!  The young men working were extremely friendly and patient as I figured out what I wanted!  I created tow custom pizzas; one for me and one that my friend gave me special instructions on! One of the differences that I notice from similar places that we have in MD or that I've patronized, are these spreads:herb butter, garlic butter, that are  put on the crust prior to saucing!  This was phenomenal!  Totally get it!
My custom pizza was soo good!  I started eating at the suggestion of my companion prior to getting home!  It was very good!  
With all the traffic and nonsense to get there, Snap was definitely worth it!!
I've been coming here a lot recently but things have been going down hill. Very disappointed. Just waited in line for over 20 mins to find out that they're out of romaine for the salads. So I barely had any time left to go get food on my lunch break. The line moves very slowly and they are very inefficient. Not a good lunch spot. The price point is great but issues with the place. I will only be going here from now on. 


Previous post:
What a great addition and value to the block! So reasonable at 7.99 a pizza. If you want it as a bowl or salad is 8.99. You get unlimited topping!! I repeat unlimited toppings! This includes meats, cheeses and veggies. I've only ever had the pizza. But it's a thing pizza. They also have a gluten free option. Personal size. But for the quality ingredients it's a steal! I can't wait to come back and try the many variations. There's one long table in the middle with seats for 12. And a bar area with seats for about 6. So if it's crowded it is definitely more of a take out place. Staff was friendly and helpful especially on my first time when I was confused what to order. Highly recommend it! Can't wait to try a salad! The person in front of me ordered it and it looked tasty.
Ever since I first tried make my own pizza with unlimited toppings its been a thing that I try all such places. Snap pizza had been on my list since it opened in Philly and O finally make my way today. 
The staff is amazing! Greeted me since I entered the door and everyone I spoke with was very nice with a smile on their face. 
I tried their custom pizza with veggies- homemade sauce (tomato, pesto and cheese - mixed all 3 together), fresh mozzarella, mushroom, caramelized onions, broccoli, brussel sprouts, and topped it with chili oil, arugula and basil. This was just half of the many options available for dressing & topping. Love this place. It was sooooo good! Enjoyed my lunch. 
Also I tried the different flavors of soda - mango orange, & watermelon. Both of them were really refreshing.
I have been here many times but I think this was the last time.  Not impressed with the salad portions and the dressing that was Tahini ...well the call it Tahini but where is it?? it was water and some kind of funky taste!  For 
The price of these salads they can be a bit more generous with the portions! And put a bit more love and attention into the dressings! Won't go back.  The pizza is just ok- does not match the high price again, skimpy on toppings!
So I was a little on the fence with trueing this pizza a place but the food actually turned out to be really good. I'd recommend if you are looking for something fast!
I've been to Snap twice now, both times when they were running $5 deals. The first time, they had their 2 new pizzas, Mad Mex and Hot Little Honey, for only $5 for about a week. Both were super tasty! Their crust is on the thinner side, so if you load up on toppings their likely to fall off. However, they have amazing toppings, so you're going to want to load up. Love their regular sauce, the San Marzano Tomato, delicious and sweet. The second time I went, the deal was $5 for any pizza, salad, or grain bowl if you were wearing college apparel! I got the Hot Little Honey (because the spicy pepperoni and the hot honey are amazing) and added a ton of veggies to it. So good! The people who work here are amazing. I've been super impressed with how genuinely kind and accommodating everyone has been. The only problem is that they seem to run out of things quite often! Cups, toppings, sauces, etc. still, everything I've eaten here has been great. 

Seriously, follow their Instagram so you know about all their deals!
Visited Snap Pizza today for a quick casual bite with a friend. This restaurant reminded me of the DC/MD chain &Pizza. Sadly, it didn't quite measure up. The ingredients didn't seem as impressive or artisan as &pizza and the pizza dough itself was a bit underwhelming. The pizza comes out soft rather than crispy but the flavors were okay.

For the price point of $8.50 I'm sure it's a steal for the area, however, I'd be willing to pay a couple extra bucks for more solid toppings and better dough/crispy oven bake.

There were only two employees working and it seemed backed up and they were working pretty quickly. It seemed they were understaffed. The process felt rushed as a result. In addition, when we were leaving, the 2nd employee had left leaving just one person working the pizzas and register so we had a hard time getting boxes to go while waiting for others as they were getting their pizzas prepared.

There was a help wanted sign on the door so perhaps they were understaffed but regardless that doesn't explain the lack of "snap" in the crust of the pizza. It seemed like plain bread more than anything.
Was impressed to see Snap supporting the Red Cross Red Ball. The Red Ball is philly's largest party with a purpose and it is establishments like Snap that allow it to be such a lucrative fundraiser for such a worthy cause.  The pizza and the kale salad samples that they had were wonderful.  I have been living in Philly for the last 5 plus years but this was the first time I have ever tried Snap. I am looking forward to visiting their storefront sometime soon. Thank you Snap!
I really enjoyed coming here today for thin crust pizza.  The employees were incredibly helpful and friendly, they easily deserve 5 stars!  I enjoyed my barbecued chicken pizza, everything was delicious but I wasn't wild about the barbecue sauce, it was too tangy and had too much of a kick to it.  If it tasted better, I would have given this adorable, sweet pizza joint 5 stars!!  I think they could upgrade the Snapple selection too, I love that they carry Diet Snapple but why not carry Diet Peach?  

Overall though, this was a good experience and I plan to come back again!  Cute, rustic vibe in the shop with fun, upbeat music playing, very welcoming atmosphere.  The mini chocolate chip cookies were really yummy too!
Honestly a true late night gem that is also a lunch time spot that I frequent! We came here after we had been drinking for numerous hours on Friday. Snap is healthy, so it didn't make us hate ourselves from the other greasy pizza alternatives but hit the spot we needed it to hit. 

The staff is so friendly and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Everything is made to order.  I got the Margherita Pizza and was more than satisfied. 

Open til 3 AM on Friday and Saturday. I'll be back!!!!!!
I knew I would love this pizza from the moment I walked in. Unique farm decor and fresh veggies lining walls made for a very welcoming environment. There's one large table and a couple extra seats on the side. Thankfully I looked at the menu online before arriving, because it can be an overwhelming experience to stand there and construct a well thought out pizza with people in line behind you, and the staff wanting to move things along. It felt kind of like showing up to chipotle without knowing what you want, and holding everyone up. Therefore, I highly recommend having a basic idea of what ingredients you want before getting in line. Or, go with one of their pizzas. I had the good egg to go, which was delicious! I wish the ingredients had labels on the glass so you can tell what they are. I saw some fountain sodas on the side that looked all natural, and had some unique flavors. They don't have alcohol on the menu, so I wonder if it is byo? It would be great to bring a bottle of wine to accompany the meal. Overall a terrific, affordable pizza place. Can't wait to try a custom one!
I saw this place walking around looking for something quick to eat, and I definitely couldn't have picked better. Made-to-order, assembly line pizza???! Genius! And only $8? I didn't finish the pizza by myself, but it's the perfect size for a normal meal. They have a variety of toppings that you can really customize your pizza. I kept it simple and got tomato sauce with arugula, tomatoes, mozz, and garlic sauce, but I am really excited to go back for something more complex. I like that it can be made vegan, too, I asked someone working there, and their pizza dough is vegan! No vegan cheese options, but all the other flavor options are amazing. Can't wait to go back with my boyfriend and show him!
This is an assembly line style pizza place, not very big, but efficient, and open late.  We stopped in here late on a Saturday night mainly because it was the only thing open that I knew would have gluten free pizza.  There was a really long line (as you'd expect), that mostly looked like 20-something-yr-olds after a night out.  Even though it was really busy, the line moved fast and the pizza was done quickly.  We had the barbecue chicken pizza, which was excellent, and even the gluten free crust had a nice chewy crust.  It's good to know where to get such good food late-night!
I am updating my review for this place. I come back quite often to this place but things need to be changed around here. Idk what it is but this place gets nasty by the end of the day. The cheese is always mixed in with meat and being a vegetarian that grosses me out. The pizza is great but they need a little maintenance when it comes to cleanliness.
What a great addition and value to the block! So reasonable at 7.99 a pizza. If you want it as a bowl or salad is 8.99. You get unlimited topping!! I repeat unlimited toppings! This includes meats, cheeses and veggies. I've only ever had the pizza. But it's a thing pizza. They also have a gluten free option. Personal size. But for the quality ingredients it's a steal! I can't wait to come back and try the many variations. There's one long table in the middle with seats for 12. And a bar area with seats for about 6. So if it's crowded it is definitely more of a take out place. Staff was friendly and helpful especially on my first time when I was confused what to order. Highly recommend it! Can't wait to try a salad! The person in front of me ordered it and it looked tasty.
Very friendly staff and loved that we could get freshly made pizzas served to us within ten minutes. We tried the Bianca Verde and the Kennet Square both of which were excellent. I wish they sold the cookies by the piece rather than only allowing you to purchase a bag of six.
Great find in center city with great service and really tasty, high-quality food. I had the salami and sausage pizza and especially liked the meat and sauce.
As someone who takes pizza very seriously, I can't say enough positive things about Snap. The staff is always friendly, the ingredients are always fresh, and they make it easy to customize your meal to build the superior pizza of your dreams. 10/10 would Snap again.
This sounds crazy, but this is actually still one of my favorite places to get pizza! It's relatively fast and it's cheap! I like that they have so many options and combinations. I made the mistake the first time coming here getting a premade pizza from there menu, but I highly recommend just looking at the toppings menu and getting creative. You can also combine sauces which is awesome!. Like them on facebook and keep an eye out for their deals, because sometimes pizza is super cheap and there is free wine on Wednesdays.
I went with two of my coworkers there for lunch today and was very impressed by the food and fun facts in this restaurant. First of all, a good quality DIY pizza for just 8 bucks, it's pretty fair. On top of that, the people work there are very generous and you can always ask for extra ingredients!! What's more important and also making me so happy is that the pizza is super well done and so fresh. Now I have to take my husband there who is a pizza fan! Another perk of eating here is the wait time is reasonable and they make pizza like in 5 mins. Very impressed!! The only reason I didn't give them a five star was they charge me extra 4 a cup of water which should be free. Other than that I'm a happy customer overall.
Came here first with a friend who showed me. It's so cool, you just order a pizza and you can pick out all your toppings from their selection. Tastes great too and not overpriced !
As a sufferer of the dreaded Celiac Disease, Philadelphia's pizza menus have left a lot to be desired. Snap has changed the game. I have been eating here for a year consistently, and never once have I had an issue of cross contamination. Out of the masses that serve Center City, the staff here is easily one of the best at working under pressure. Even in the middle of lunch rush, between standing in line with 20 other humans making custom pizzas and salads, and my pizza being made off line because of allergies; my food was to me within 15 minutes of walking in the door.

Not only is their option for my gluten free crust incredible and affordable, their entire ingredient list is off the charts. Farm to Table freshness is always something I've come to expect, and it wouldn't be snap custom without eating it from a charming wood cutting board in their charming wood and metal filled space. And since you can customize your pizza with an immense variety of these fresh ingredients daily, which is not something you get often in Center City makes them a rare gem indeed! Local Sodas without HFCS and other additives are in the fountain, and you can always stop by for a Wine Wednesday to eat in! I highly recommend them to anyone looking for good eats at a good price with gastro restrictions, or just in general!
The food is always delicious but the process of ordering is horrendous. The place is small and gets super crowded/loud during rush hour which makes it super difficult for them to hear your order especially over that tall glass. They always have plenty of people working there but even still, it's not pleasant unless I go right when they open or take a late lunch.
I finally came to snap pizza waiting for the rain to stop after a barre3 class and I was amazed. I tried other salad places closer to my work in center city, and none of them even compared. Snap pizza features custom salads where you get unlimited toppings and a roll for ten dollars--it's a steal! And the staff is SO friendly which is so hard to come by in philly. The salad is pretty large too! Today, 8/26 at lunchtime, the two gentlemen you had working the counter and register were delightful!
I like the pizza, the workers aren't particularly pleasant and the last few times I've been in there, they've been more interested in chatting with friends who stopped by and less with assisting customers. I'd go back though. The price is reasonable.
I've only ever eaten salads here, maybe the pizzas are better. But if you want a salad, go the extra block or two to get one anywhere else. These are overpriced and the ordering process is a mess.

Your order *may* be right maybe half the time. I've gone here (too many times) because it was very close to my work, but won't any more. 

I have ordered a grain bowl that I open up and they forgot to put the grain or toppings in and it's just a ten dollar bowl of dry kale? I order salads and there's always something missing. They tell me they are out of a key ingredient after I've already paid. I've had salads where I ask for no onions and my salad was covered in onions. Why?
I'm tired of dealing with this place. It had been in my regular lunch rotation, but never again. 

They run out of key ingredients and don't tell you until the very end. They are slow and incredibly inefficient. The space is cramped. There are so many better places nearby for salads and/or pizza. I can't wait for this place to close so something better can open in this spot.
Went again today for a salad on the fly... and what I got was a Snap custom nightmare!  THe line was long and wasn't moving to begin with.  They were out of everything!!!  The service was rude, 3 people were yelling at me at once, they didn't add half the things I asked for, and my salad is swimming in 'light' dressing.  Not worth $9.  I come here a lot, but I'll think hard before coming back.  Lots of salads in center city.
I ordered a salad, and it was pretty tasty, though a little light on the toppings. The menu looks fantastic- great options and fair prices. Contrary to other reviews, the service was pretty awful. It's possible that the man who was helping me is new, but he seemed very disoriented and had difficulty answering my basic question about fountain drink sizes and prices. I'll come back and give it another shot because the menu looks so great, but I'm hoping in my future experiences I get to enjoy the great service these other reviews are referring to.
Three stars for having fresh ingredients and a tasty gluten free crust option. I had to deduct a star for not having Daiya or another cheese alternative for your dairy-free patrons.  Both Mod and Blaze have Daiya cheese and I feel more valued there as a vegan so I go there more often.  I hope you guys change that soon, we all like a little "cheese" on our pizza!5
I absolutely love this place! For $8, you can customize your own pizza subway style with all the ingredients you could ever want. I made my perfect pizza and couldn't have been more pleased with the outcome, mostly due to the fresh ingredients, and less to my decision to combine random ingredients together. Half of the pizza was enough to fill me for one meal. I wish there were one of these on every block. 

I highly recommend the lemon oil-- changed my pizza life.
I had such a great experience there yesterday. The staff go above and beyond to make your experience stand out. Really refreshing during the center city lunch rush.
I love love love this place with its broad range of fresh ingredients, customizable flexibility, and flat price. If you want the "Kristin W.", go for regular crust, San Marzano Tomato sauce, extra House Made Mozzarella, get All Natural Chicken, pile on the veggies, and then finish liberally with Arugla, Cherry Tomatoes, and Balsamic Syrup.

My only complaint is that it is hard for the staff to hear you over the noise and through the protective glass, so I feel like I'm always yelling helplessly and miming my way through my pizza creation. If Snap could create a little checklist of options so we can mark off what we want and hand it to the pizza maker, I think this would really help the process.
Great selection of ingredients for the custom salads and pizza toppings.  Everything seems fresh, and I particularly like the roasted veggies.  Considered 5 stars, but the well deserved popularity of this place makes it noisy and crowded at peak lunch hour.  The servers seem friendly enough, and the folks at the register are usually particularly cheery.
This is a great addition to Center City! I went here for lunch and got the $7.99 custom pizza (with unlimited toppings!). The service was quick and very friendly. The pizza was fantastic. The crust was perfectly cooked and the ingredients tasted fresh (including the mozzarella, made in house). The size is perfect for lunch. I will definitely be going back.
First gluten free pizza I've had that actually has that chewy consistency you get from "real" flour pizza crust. Add quality toppings that hit all the right flavor and texture notes (like the fresh arugula, creamy goat cheese, savory mushrooms, and rich herbed butter on the Kennet Square special), giving this place 5 stars is a no-brainer.
Awesome place for custom pizzas and salads. I always get the "So Cal" salad, packed with greenery that'll boost your energy. Comes with organic roasted chicken , spicy corn, black beans , avocado , red onion, tomatoes and a chipotle vinegarette that's tasty!!! Great intimate atmosphere.
First time in Philly and wanting to try their pizza. Ordered the bianco Verde pizza, with their special sauce on the side. Very fresh, dough was cooked perfectly, fresh ingredients equals to cheap very good pizza. Highly recommend place for a good pizza.
Came here tonight because I was craving goat cheese and Pizza. Got make your own so I could get extra goat cheese, ordered extra goat cheese, got home and had a piece and turns out the guy put extra ricotta and not goat cheese! I am so upset. 

If they look too much alike, don't put them next to one another or add a label!
Although the workers behind the counter were exasperated with how many toppings I was putting on my pizza, they did it anyway. Snap had a massive variety of cheeses and veggies and I appreciated that they catered to all the vegetarians dining there. It was reasonably priced, and on top(ping) of that had a superb crust. 

Would highly recommend for anyone looking for a relatively cheap meal (could even serve 2 people as the portions are large).
I've been coming to Snap for lunch several times this year and am shocked I haven't Yelped about it yet. This is one of my favorite lunch spots. The pizzas and salads are both great. My favorite pizza is the Bianca Verde--delicious. There are tons of options and you can also create your own pizza or salad as they are made to order. It does get very crowded at lunch so I recommend having one person order while another finds somewhere to sit if you are going to eat in.
I feel like I'm doling out a lot of 5 stars lately. Like, am I getting soft? Or am I just eating at a lot of good places? I'd like to think it's the latter. 

If you're looking for a quick bite with high quality ingredients that won't break the bank, then Snap's your place. 

It's a Chipotle style personal pizza spot. You pick your ingredients and make the pizza as you go down the line (or order one of their pre-determined creations). Ingredients are plentiful (and I mean PLENTIFUL) super fresh and the quality is awesome, especially for what you're paying. 

You're looking at $8 for a create-your-own pizza or $7.50 for one of their creations, and I think you're allowed an addition or substitution. Pizzas of similar quality would normally run you around $12-14 in another restaurant not named &Pizza. So the value is definitely there. 

One thing though, they tend to top their pizzas with one of their flavored oils. They taste amazing, but can result in a pretty oily pizza, like seeping through the crust oily. This is easily avoided by asking for just a little oil or ordering with no oil at all. Aside from that though, stop here if you're in Center City looking for a quick bite.

Oh, and they don't have pineapples, so they obviously know what they're doing.
Can't say enough good things about the workers, the concept, the ingredients, and the end result. 

Serious perfection.
The staff is terrible. Food is good, if they happen to be paying attention enough to make it correctly, but it's too expensive for such lousy service.
Build-your-own pizza made while you wait.  One of the best pizzas I've had in Philadelphia.  Fast, friendly service too.
Took a group of friends out for a pizza party, everyone new to this place loved it! Those who been here before, all knew what to order. 

Fantastic staff, great service, the people here are always helpful and very friendly. 

Even the most picky of eaters will find some enjoyment here. If you love pizza, you will love the menu and their creative options offered when selecting a custom pizza.
Love! Service was exceptional. As for the pizza, the toppings were on point and the best part unlimited. We also ordered a salad with unlimited toppings and free refills. Definitely coming back.
I am STILL dreaming about the pizza at Snap Custom Pizza. I found the restaurant thanks to Yelp reviews (thank you kind people!) as I was looking for gluten free options in Philadelphia. This is a build-you-own pizza place, like subway. The staff were very quick to make pizzas you can only dream about. I got the small marg pizza, which fed two of us till we were full. The pizza was perfectly crunchy, cheesey, and saucey. Can Pittsburgh PLEASE open up a Snap Custom Pizza?!?!
I love this place. I come here probably once a month, if not more. Their salads are absolutely amazing and blow everywhere else out of the water (here's looking at you saladworks). And those delicious little rolls? Heaven. 

I have only one complaint. And it's a minor one, at least as it pertains to me. I have a few mild to moderate food allergies, nothing life threatening thankfully. The worst and most sensitive of which is onion. It won't kill me, but it really ruins my day. I always make sure to order my salad without onions, and I have never received onions in my salad thankfully. But here is the problem. The workers here use their gloved hands to add toppings to salads and pizzas, as opposed to tongs or scoops. I get that it is easier this way. But on many occasions I could taste the cross-contamination in my salad. Its actually shocking how strongly my salad tastes like raw onion sometimes. Thankfully, I can take a benadryl and be fine, but not everyone can. Might I suggest using tongs for the toppings in the future? Like I said, as it pertains to me, not the biggest deal, but definitely a disappointment that prevents a 5 start review.
Great gluten free pizza! Staff was knowledgable of gluten containing ingredients and took precautions to prepare my pizza separately. My only fault of the place was that there was a pit in my kalamata olive that I bit into.
Great fresh topping for custom pizzas! Super friendly service  I'd definitely recommend and bring a friend.
I ate here at the recommendation of a friend, who said this is her favorite go to in Philly. Now I know what she meant.

This was so delicious and fast. The manager was very nice, and I love the feel of the place. 

What I Ordered: The Farmers Market, with the addition of some red sauce. In fact, the manager reminded me that this particular pizza does not have red sauce. Being a newbie  positively overwhelmed by everything at this place and a lover of red sauce, I really appreciated his reminder. Also, the roasted garlic on my pizza was amazing.

Would definitely go back.
I recently visited this location today and was presently surprised it was not packed. 
I was greated by a gentleman by the name of Brian as he told me 
He was extremely polite , giving me that "chickfala "experience lol
This was my first time ordering pizza from here and needed help. His Customer service was on point 
There was also another gentleman there with a small afro,  he was really nice as well the young lady that was rolling the cookies with her bare hands Didnot speak but looked happy to be at work which gave me q good feeling about this place. 

The pizza was good I must say 
Pricey but good 
The place was clean and the employees nails were not dirty
This place is soo good. Custom pizza's and salads for a set price of around $8/$9 with unlimited toppings. Can't go wrong.  Ingredients were fresh and everything seemed healthy.  They also did a great job of keeping the line moving during the lunch rush.  Think I found my new Friday lunch spot.
The thin crust pizza was great and so were the people working there! Would recommend the good egg, it was a tiny bit spicy but DELICIOUS. Pizza came out quick too, in maybe 15 minutes. Snap is small and cute, would go back again! Also great bang for buck in my opinion
Stopped by Snap on Samson late night after a work function.  The workers are so sweet and welcoming.  The pizza was light and amazing. The salads are delish.  The gourmet sodas are even good.  Love it!
I am certainly a fan of Snap! I went for the first time and tried "the good egg" pizza and it was pretty good. I did this instead of making a custom pizza because I felt overwhelmed and didn't know what I wanted on the spot. I would suggest knowing what you want on your pizza before going. I will definitely be making a custom next time, two words: unlimited toppings. The portions are very big, you basically get an entire pizza to yourself for under $10. I was full and had 2 slices left, I forced myself to eat them and I walked out of there stuffed as ever. 

The inside of this place is pretty small. There isn't much seating and it can get super crowded at lunch time. Luckily it is super close to my work so I can easily grab a pizza to go. But, if you did want to eat in there is certainly space to do so, just have to time it so you ensure you get a seat. 

They also have a pretty cool drink machine. Some of their soda flavors I have not seen anywhere else, I plan to try their watermelon something or other fountain drink next time. The workers are super nice too, overall its a great spot! I'm looking forward to going back.
Love this concept! Super quick and easy customizable pizza that was delicious without being greasy. I went with a custom pizza with a tomato sauce base, house made mozzarella, sweet Italian sausage and veal meatballs, roasted peppers, brussels sprouts, mushrooms, and baby arugula on top. So affordable and with the unlimited toppings option, this place can do no wrong! Will definitely be back to try other options!
i really enjoy this place! i personally am a fan of their hot honey pizza here... so delicious. and the variety of their fountain sodas are amazing, all organic! 

my only tip is that during lunch time it gets pretty crazy so definitely be ready for it to be crowded
Omg this place is soooooooo freakin good. I can't stop raving about it. The ingredients are super fresh.!!! I love how the crust is thin and the cheese is soooo good. There's also a way to customize your pizza with any condiments that you like. I got the fresh egg pizza and it was a little spicy. Lots of good cheese and so so so good. Deff try this place
I've been here twice and both times the pizza was really good. I mean, i got to perfect it myself, so how could i go wrong. I was able to choose the healthiest options which removed any guilt. Once i ordered ahead and did takeout and it was super easy and convenient. The next time i went after a night out on the town and it hit the spot. Not only was the pizza great, but we ended up sitting and talking with a few others and kind of had a lil after party. Who knew a pizza spot could create such memories. I will def be returning (probably much sooner than later)!
TL;DR: Snap is a decent place to go to if you want a quick bite for lunch or on a weekday night. It wasn't bad but also wasn't amazing either. I would spend a couple more bucks and head over the next block to &pizza instead for a more satisfying meal and to support their ethos of a living wage.

The Long Version:

I still remember the first day a co-worker took me to an early &pizza location in DC. The idea of a Chipotle-style pizza was new and interesting, and the combinations of pizza toppings was interesting, with enough to even satisfy the vegans in the group. Vegan and veg options were clearly marked, and I liked that they had different crust types to cater to different tastes and lifestyles. I have to admit that I was skeptical about the shape of their pizzas, but the thin-crust and the mozz that &pizza used won me over.

Snap was a completely different story. I ordered the Good Egg and was not impressed. The crust was not as thin as I had hoped, the sausage was not a highlight of the dish, and the mozzarella and the San Marzano tomatoes failed to wow for some reason. And the egg? Scrambled. I wish that they had just cracked an egg on top and let it cook as it went through the conveyor belt, or even used just an egg-yolk like &pizza does for the extra gooeyness. 

To me, Snap felt like an empty echo of &pizza, a copy-cat with less delicious trying to capitalize on the fast pizza trend. And that it doesn't help that Snap is also missing the fuzzy-feeling part of supporting minimum-wage hikes and community engagement.
Delicious, custom made pizza that is dangerously close to my office. Personal size pizza was enough for two meals. Love the fresh ingredients!
