Well...finally made it back to SOMO for brunch!  Somo has a great brunch menu!  I decided to give those Sriracha wings a try again and the heat has been turned down...Yaaaay!  The disco fries is a large portion and the Apple Cinnamon French Toast was so delicious!

The featured drinks were tasty...SOMO you are a bright spot to see during COVID-19!  Well spaced tables (indoors)!  Ample outdoor seating and staff wearing masks..Awesome!

Glad to support this business during this difficult time!
After a long day of walking and of an exhaustive search for a place to eat, I am glad the first place we were looking for ended up being closed because we stumbled upon this place. The server was really nice and helpful. My girlfriend had the huevos rancheros and I had the Cesar salad with grilled chicken. Both of our meals were perfect. The grilled hockey on my salad was perfectly cooked and tasted good. This place was not our first choice but it worked out perfectly!
This is a cocktails only review on opening night. Unfortunately, their kitchen wasn't quite ready for business when Jared & I arrived, because if the cocktails are any indication, their food will be awesome.

I started with the ginger rogers and watched as the bartender followed the step by step directions to perfection.  The prickly pear foam at the end really sets the drink apart.  For $9, the price is in line or slightly under the typical cocktail bar prices, which is great as manayunk needed another fine drinking establishment (nothing against the more 'party' drink locations of yunk).

The site was previously rubb.  I had been in there once and was not impressed.  Somo took the time to really clean up the place. Appearances aren't everything, but man I like being able to bring a date to a nice looking place.  Somo will do and I will be back for more drinks and hopefully a bite or two.
Pass. 

The reason why I won't ever give this place a dime is because I was told to "suck a dick" by James, the "owner" of the establishment. To provide some context, my partner and I are new to Philly and were trying to find some other bars or lounges in the area to visit after hitting Somo. James attempted to chat my partner up by first making connections to DC (where my partner is from and where I used to live). I thought he was just tipsy because his speech slurred but he was still holding a conversation, so I didn't think much of it. James dropped the names of a few bars and insisted that we weren't going to the aforementioned spots without him. I continued inquiring about other spots with him, as he held himself out to know everywhere to party in Philly. I asked about other places, and that's when he appeared defensive about offering up other spots and said 'I'm not telling you about any other places, you can suck a dick". Whether he was tipsy or drunk doesn't even begin to excuse his pretentious disposition and disrespectful remarks. James was inappropriate and disrespectful on so many levels, so to prevent my going off in front of other patrons, we downed our drinks and left just as quickly as we came. Save your $$$.
First and foremost let me start by saying DO NOT COME HERE!!

My bf made a reservation for here at 5:30pm on Open Table for 4 people on June 29th, 2020. Mind you this is our first outing since March. On the the time slot is had said "Special" which we assumed would be a Happy Hour special. We got there a bit early, but luckily there was a meter parking spot right in front across the street from the restaurant so we sat for a bit before heading in at 5:29. As we got seated our server whose name was Keelan got us our waters. She came by again ready to take our order but we needed a bit more time to decide. There was no Happy Hour btw, so... I decided to go with the the Mushroom Pasta dish and a Lychee-Tini. My bf went with the Shrimp and Lobster Mac and Cheese. Both entrees lacked a wow factor considering each entree was $15. The Lychee-Tini was AWFUL. I tasted no hint of lychee flavor, just straight sake and a sad piece of canned lychee on a skewer...

The thing that inspired me to write a review was how the service was. A white couple and their son came after us, but were able to get waters, napkins, plates, and utensils before they even ordered!! Meanwhile, we had already ordered patiently waited and received none of those items... The white family ordered after us and they were able to get their food items first even though we ordered before them AND came before them?? Anyways, our food finally came out and guess what? NO PLATES. NO UTENSILS. NO NAPKINS!! I did not understand how in the world SOMO had a four star on Yelp!

To make matters even worse, my bf accidentally left his debit card in the checkbook, and Keelan didn't even come out to tell us?!?! SMH what kind of service or manners is that?! It's not like we fled the scene because we sat for a bit after we handed her the checkbook and we parked RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET?!

Everything was so unprofessional to me as a person who's work in the customer service industry for years now. Also, the food was on the bland side and very below par. Winnie's across the street where we parked closer to was more packed and looked like it was probably 10x better.

I am NEVER coming back to SOMO. SO LONG SOMO!
Last night I stopped by SOMO in Manayunk. It just recently opened, and it has already been generating pretty positive buzz. We have a few good restaurants in Manayunk, but over the years we've also had a few duds, so I was cautiously optimistic.

To start with, the interior is beautifully designed, though that's not surprising since the owner also designed B2 Bluefin and City Tap House. I would call the decor stylish, with exposed brick and a beautiful marble top bar.

The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. They seemed to be genuinely interested in making sure everyone was having a good time. It was also obvious that they liked each other and liked working there, which definitely contributed to the fun and lively atmosphere.

As soon as I sat down I ordered a Margarita, which is my favorite drink. It's not easy to find a bar that makes a good Margarita, but thankfully, SOMO does. theirs is hand-crafted, which immediately puts it above many of the ones I've had in Philly. But the most important element in a well-made Margarita is the balance between liquor content and taste. They have found that balance, as they serve a very tasty Margarita with just the right amount of Tequilla.

The main reason I came to SOMO though, was that I had heard more than once that they had an excellent burger. I don't eat burgers often these days, with summer right around the corner, but I made an exception to see if this burger would live up to the hype. It did not disappoint. They serve a juicy burger with Manchego cheese and a fried egg on top, between a warm fresh bun and accompanied by house cut fries. It was delicious! I would put it in the same category as the famous Rouge burger. Afterward, I had the cheese plate, which was a nice way to finish the meal. If you are in Manayunk, I recommend stopping by.
Hey There SOMO - Great Draft List-Keep up the good work in that area!  I came here for drinks and dinner.  This is a cute place, but small area for the patrons and wait staff to maneuver around.

I had to sit at the bar and that was challenging with the seating, but I made it work.  I started with the New Belgium Saison Sour - great start to wet my palette - then I had the Sriracha Wings.  The wings had a stingy  amount of heat, but I enjoyed it - others felt it was too hot!  My second round of drinks was the Bel Air Sour - delicious flavor.  I decided to try the calamari - glad I did - it was tasty, but I have had better - the dipping sauce should be worked on a little bit - doesn't compliment the calamari for my tastes.  

I may come back to check out the brunch, but I really can see this place crowded with the "TIGHT" layout may make me uncomfortable and that wouldn't be a pleasant experience.
For weeks after moving to Manayunk, my bf and I would pass by an closed spot called "Rubb" and wonder if they were coming or going - as a vegetarian, I couldn't care less, but he's a big fan of BBQ and was clearly hoping to have another joint nearby.  Alas, the wondering ended a few months ago, when the windows got covered up and the place was slowly transformed into a fancy new spot called Somo. 

After some Philly.com hype I was super excited to try Somo, and since I'm usually late to the trend party I convinced a fried to check it out during the "soft" opening.  When we arrived on the recent rainy Tuesday evening, we were blown away by the interior - it is absolutely gorgeous, featuring soft industrial-style lights, geometric ceiling patterns, and an ideal mix of woods.  We first sat at the bar, but quickly moved to a table since the place was mostly empty. 

The cocktail menu is interesting, with lots of fun concoctions to try, and reasonably priced at $9 and $11. Unfortunately, the one we both ordered at first was unavailable, due to some ingredient shortages. We went with second choices, and were both pleased. Later on we ordered beers, and although there wasn't anything terribly exciting on the draft list, they did have a couple of old favorites. 

As for food, we decided to split a cheese plate first. It was delicious, but disappointingly tiny.  I'd rather spend a bit more money (it was only $11 or $12) and get something slightly more satisfying (this plate had maybe 4-5 bites of cheese on it). My friend had the burger, which was super reasonable at $12, and she loved it.  I went for the truffle grilled cheese, which did have great truffle flavor but left me still hungry and not super impressed (thought I admit I'm a tria girl and its hard to beat their versions). 

I'm definitely glad this place has joined the neighborhood, and I'll definitely be back - especially anxious to try brunch.
This place was amazing! Very busy for Father's Day weekend. Started off with drinks the Georgia on my mind was an amazing cocktail. Hennessy, lemon juice, vanilla flavored simple syrup,peach liquor, and star anise. Finally got around to ordering food saw the somo disco fries on the menu and had to order it was fries with short rib bacon cheddar cheese & scallions also ordered the fried chicken & French toast which was fried chicken on French toast with a chorizo gravy slaw & fried egg all the food was amazing! Everyone else at the tables food looked great too. Service was good except at the end when we were brought the wrong bill but that was a simple mistake. Will definitely be returning again!
Full disclaimer, my friends and I came here to get bottomless mimosas, and we picked the worst day to go. Something happened where they weren't allowed to serve alcohol. Right of the bat, I was pretty upset and wanted to give place 1 star, but they made a great recovery from this tragic event and I'd like to believe this happens to place more often then we know. So I'm not holding this against them. 

Although no bottomless, they were able to give us one complimentary drink (don't ask me to explain logistics)...so that was a decent start. When we got there, they had seats open at the bar, so we decided to just eat and drink at the bar. No wait for brunch? Yes please. They allowed byob, so I quickly ran to the liquor store and stocked up. They served complimentary OJ with the mimosas.....slowly getting better. 

Sitting at the bar was great, we chatted a bit with the bartenders Sydney and Devin and they were both very apologetic and accommodating to the extent possible. 

My friend and I ordered the avocado toast with smoked salmon. Not my typical brunch go to, but it looked really good on the menu, and boy was it!!! They served it sunny side up, and when we asked them to fry it and they gave us no issues. im not typically a salad eater, but the arugula on the side went so well with the toast. My friend and I got a glimpse of French fries and they looked yummy, so we ordered a side and they were delicious!

Beside for the one incident, the food was fantastic and the service was fast and friendly, so I really would recommend this place for brunch and I would come back to attempt bottomless again.
Grabbed dinner and drinks at Somo with two girlfriends to celebrate a birthday. We went on a Tuesday and were excited to see they had $3 tacos. We all ordered three each and tried the buratta and brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious and left us leaving full. 

I felt so obligated to write this review because of the AMAZING service we received from our waitress Angie. She went above and beyond to ensure we had a good time and enjoyed our experience. 

We will return and be sure to check out the south Philly location as long as Angie is working!
Starting the week off at SOMO Manayunk, made Monday less hard because that brunch food...MY GAWD! I've dined here for dinner and the food was amazing so I had no doubt that the brunch would measure up.

There are so many good menu selections, we wanted EVERYTHING. If you're with a cool party like myself, ordering different items so you can have a lil bit of everyone's meal.

RECS

RED VELVET PANCAKES: It tastes even better than it looks, and it looks so rich! The sweet cream cheese frosting definitely sets it off where you may not even need the syrup drizzle. The portion was so big I had to take it home and it was definitely the first thing on my mind when I woke up the next morning. LOL!

CRAB CAKE BENEDICT: I read a prior review that the crabcake wasn't good and tasted like it was taken out of a frozen packet. LIES. So savory & scrumptious. Don't let the small patty fool you, the meal is definitely filling.

CHEESY GRITS: Bayyyyybeee, I'm not even a big grits person and these are a must! If you have to pick between the Home Fries with Peppers & Onions and Cheesy Grits, GO FOR THE CHEESY GRITS!

FRIED CHICKEN FRENCH TOAST: Love how they switched it up from the typical chicken & waffles because french toast is always better. Super tasty and the chorizo gravy was definitely the star of the show.

Reservations are highly suggested otherwise you'll be stuck with either a long wait or sitting at the bar - and you gotta sit in one of the little outdoor greenhouses because the design and level of people watching gave me total Parisian vibes. Also note, parking in Manayunk can be hectic so arrive early to allot enough time.

Also, we didn't get the $26 bottomless mimosa add on because it was a bit pricey but instead opted for the Frosé which was a great pick - one definitely had us smiling and feeling niiiiice (I'm low-key embarrassed to admit this ). They have a lot of cute cocktails on the menu too so would love to try others next visit.

I guess you can tell I'll be back at SOMO, huh? Not only amazing food but great customer service as Marissa, the manager, stopped by our table to ensure we were enjoying ourselves. And I love the fact that their brunch menu begins on Thursdays so you can miss the brunch rush, if needed. Looking forward to dining again at SOMO!
Service:
Good. The staff were polite and helpful. 

Bathroom:
They don't have functioning locks on the bathroom doors. They have tiny signs indicating if the lights are on the bathroom is occupied. They also serve bottomless mimosas at brunch. Do you think drunk people read signs before swinging the door open? I believe this is a health code violation that needs to be addressed immediately!

Food:
Fried Chicken & French toast - the combo doesn't work. The chorizo gravy is overpowering with no depth of flavor (I just get smoked paprika). The slaw is misplaced. The chicken has no flavor. I barely ate my portion.

Disco Fries: nothing to brag about. Too much gravy. Not a nice dish.

Drinks:
I didn't like the cocktails. They were not balanced enough. I think they focus on bottomless mimosas for their drunk college crowd. Brunch got very loud because they over serve.

I won't be returning to this establishment. They need to reconsider their menu. The food has no depth of flavor and wasn't very inventive for the price point.
Spent the day in Manayunk and spotted Somo as we were walking down the street.Initially the hostess told us we have to make a reservation and it could be an hour or so wait and I got a little chummy with the other hostess who somehow made a table magically appear so in terms of hostess support hands-down impressed however our experience goes totally downhill from here.

It was a while that we were sitting at our table before we were finally recognized and cold water was brought over and finally our server came to talk to us about the menu and take ourdrink order.

I wanted to start off with iced coffee but per the server they were only had it half-and-half, a little odd considering this neighborhood and the type of folks here that they wouldn't have a far ranging options of different milks.  but somehow miraculously a very tiny amount of milk appeared on the table to accompany my iced coffee. Better than nothing I suppose.

Nexf we placed our order, my wife ordered pancakes and she really would've preferred having the strawberries mixed into the batter but that was something that they apparently would not accommodate so we got it with the strawberries on top and for me I simply ordered their poached egg option off the menu and then we watched the time click by and click by and it took some more to about 40 minutes later our brunch finally arrived. Hence after asking a few times our meal it finally came out. Not like they were crazy super busy there were some empty tables but can't understand why our server wasn't going back and putting a push for it to find out where our food was. Plus with all that weight time server never once came back to offer a refill on the ice coffee and that dropper size amount of milk that they gave me.

My wife got to taste hers first and it was to her liking, however as soon as I cut into my poached egg we realized it was not poached any longer, it was basically hard boiled eggs.  how do you ruin poached eggs?  so I asked to have it returned and try again and then I watch the clock tick again and tick again and tick again and 20 minutes later my breakfast still had not come out so we got up paid for the food that we did it and we left.

very sad that this was such a poor experience they were busy look like other people were getting the mail and enjoying their food and their beverages I just don't understand how we became the chosen ones so hence we will not be back again.
This was on my must tries so I tried it. I get how busy brunch can be but if you're going to time the seating, the table should already be cleaned and sanitized, not sit us down for 8 mins before we had to remind them the table was still dirty.  It got cleaned in a haste was still dirty. Sat another 10 mins before someone assisted us but when I pointed out the table still being dirty her attitude changed and it was very telling. So we waited another 5 mins for the water she was bringing. 5 mins for our drink order Mango margarita Lychee martini but someone forgot the martini . We sat down at 1:36. By 2:30 no food came and I began this review lol. I knew the moment the waitress changed her attitude after asking that the table be wiped again this would happen and it's really sad. Just watching her take other orders and watching other tables get their food that sat after us. So I went inside spoke with the hostess who said she'd send her right out but that was pointless because she bee-lined it to another table lol. I spoke to the manager explained what happened offered to pay for the one drink that was sipped but let her know that I no longer wanted the food. She was professional about it and stated that I didn't have to pay for the drink and apologized. They were very busy and I understood that brunch is always a big commotion but am I wrong for not wanting to wait an hr for my food after being seated? I don't believe anyone else did. Not even the Brussel sprouts came out. I deduced it to the fact that she probably didn't even put it in. Whatever your name is I still think your nails looked nice but you should work on not taking your job personal. Especially when it's something that should be done and not requested. I'm sure the food was good but guess we won't know. If you are interested you should definitely try this place probably during early morning brunch.

After speaking with a few friends and neighbors, my situation seems to be a common practice so I will not be giving this establishment a second chance. something needs to change. Start with your employees who are selective in their customer service.
Went for Happy Hour...I loved pretty much everything about this place. The service, the decor, the ambiance, the food/drinks was perfect. They have a grown and sexy vibe which I really liked. I rarely eat veggie burgers but their Green Pea burger I could eat every week! My husband got the Crab Salad and the Short Rib Poutine. He absolutely loved his food too. Yup, I'm a fan!
This place looks super nice at first glance, but when you try to get to your seat you realize how TIGHT the layout here is. Servers and customers bump you left and right since the walkway is the width of one leg. I literally felt like I was seated on economy airplane the whole meal, having to get up whenever the stranger behind me needed to leave, maneuvering around to make sure I don't knock someone's drink. Needless to say, this joint is NOT handicap friendly. 

Food is also mediocre. $6 Swedish meatballs for happy hour, but I don't think the chef knows what Swedish meatballs are because it tasted like regular meatballs. Sorry chef, IKEA does them better. 

Servers also seemed new, as she kept putting her bare palms straight on the clean plates she brought over... I don't even know why? 

Overall, we took our parents here and we're a little embarrassed about it. Sorry, parents!!
If you are around manayunk, come here! When you first walk in, you get a sense of being in a pub rather then a restaurant. It's a nice restaurant with a nice atmosphere. When you are seated, you get your water and menus. We came when it was brunch time. Not a big fan of brunch but I didn't care because I was hungry. I  never had hurveos rancheros so I wanted to try it. When It came out, the presentation wasnt really there as my imagination started to take control but I went on. When I had a bite, it tasted pretty good. I think it's called a gravy was really good with a surprising crunch  underneath. I like surprises lol. The potatoes was well cooked and I had a nice time at somo. The service was excellent! Was well taken care of by our waiter. Overall rating 5/5 stars!
Well that was underwhelming. 

The good - drinks were great. The s'mores martini was good and strong and comes with toasted marshmallows. They also have a cute set-up, both indoor and outdoor. Because of Covid restrictions, they've had to expand their outdoor dining space. They have individual heated pods and greenhouses. 

The not-so-good - The service was mediocre. The food really wasn't all that great. The fried chicken sandwich was very dry and was more bread than anything else. 

It was a little pricey, considering our order - 2 fried chicken sandwiches, cauliflower and 4 drinks came to $110.
Worst service ever. My friends and I had a reservation at 8pm. When we got to the restaurant, the staff didn't even acknowledge our presence for a good 5 minutes. Then they sat us and we didn't have menus, water, or cutlery for another 10 minutes. Eventually the waitress comes and we place our order. We didn't get our food for another HOUR. By the time we left, we were incredibly annoyed: the food was so average...nothing special. We will not return. It's such a bummer because the restaurant looked really cute. Go to Taqueria Feliz if you want a good meal in Manayunk. Don't waste your time or money at SOMO.
This place has a sizable menu and excellent drinks. Just be prepared to wait for it. Let's dive in ...

Food (4/5): We ordered the Buffalo cauliflower and the bruschetta. Both were fantastic! I loved the cauliflower breading and sauce. The bruschetta was bursting with flavor from the tomato, cheese, arugula, oil and spices. I split the orange salmon and the ahi tuna with someone. This loses a star for overlooking each. Salmon was a bit dry and the ahi tuna which I ordered medium rare was medium/leaning-medium-well. 

Drinks (4/5): I ordered the lychee martini which was made with sake, lychee juice and something else I am blanking on (and garnished with a lychee). It was a tad too sweet but I love lychee so it was alright by me. My dining partner loved her spritzer -- which I found sweet but it wasn't my drink! 

Service (4/5): Service was mixed on two fronts -- the waiter came over multiple times to check on us for drink refills, see how the food was, etc but on the other side the entree course took forever to come out with no communication from wait staff. 

Ambiance (4/5): We ate inside and it was a cute little place. Simple wooden bookshelves and mostly bare bright painted walls. Minus one because it was a bit loud -- I imagine due to the fact that there was minimal decor to absorb sound -- it just bounced around. 

TL;DR: Would recommend if you are in no rush. Great for dinner or just drinks and apps.
This restaurant was solid. Apart from indoor seating, there is also outdoor seating and a space in the back for bigger parties. The back area is where I was located. It was a bit dark, which was unfortunate because it was beautiful outside with great sunlight, and it was also extremely hot. Luckily, there weren't too many people in the area, but it could have quickly become overheated if more joined. The portable air conditioner they had wasn't working and the fans did the best that they could. 

The staff wore masks at all times and our waitress was attentive. 

The food was very tasty. I had the French toast with fried chicken, which had a nice sauce on top; it made it very flavorful. The syrup added a good sweet touch to it all. For brunch they had a $24 bottomless mimosa, which I thought overall was decent. 

I would recommend this spot for friend outings or even a nice date, during the day. 

Main Street is pretty crazy with traffic but there are two parking lots with fair rates for parking. I would just park there and save yourself the headache.
My boyfriend and I tried them out during their soft opening. The space is beautiful! We had the poutine fries, arctic char and the roasted chicken. Our meals were delicious and the serving size was perfect. Everyone who interacted with us was welcoming and personable. We can't wait to try them out when the full menu is available, and apparently they'll be doing brunch too!
This is a review for the small plates. I was really disappointed with the food and the quality. We started off the night with drinks which were good. Then we got three small plates to start. We ordered the fried calamari, warm Brie and somo disco fries.

The fried calamari was okay- they were chewy. The warm Brie was not good. It was just warm Brie cheese with some sliced almonds on top and 4 pieces of bread. The presentation could've been better.
The somo disco fries were terrible. The fries were soggy, the bacon tasted fake, and the short rib with gravy tasted like the frozen meals that you microwave. There was a lot of cheese but it just didn't taste good. The quality of each item was poor. We told the server we did not like the fries at all and she had the manager comp the item. We decided not to get anything else.

Overall, not a great experience. If anything, skip the small plates.
My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day and it was a COMPLETE bust! We had reservations at 7 and had to wait until 7:30 to be seated. Then we found out that they only had 1 v-day menu available which included an app, main dish, and dessert for $75 per person. The price would not have gotten to me so much of the food was actually worth the price! My husband got a 6oz steak and crab cake - they never asked him how he wanted his steak and the crab cake was the size of a silver dollar. I got the salmon which was not too bad but it was served with bland white rice and veggies. The dessert was awful - my husband got the lava cake which was also super tiny and I had the creme brûlée (the dish was only 1/4 full). Thankfully, the meal didn't ruin our vday and we were able to laugh it off but I saw multiple other customers leave and the people who stayed seemed as disappointed as us.
Met my gd here yesterday for brunch to catch up. She was there first and got a table. Water was on the table already. If you were in Philly this last week you know how hot it's been. Well, their air conditioning unit decided to break the night before. I'm like, why are we staying here to eat? It's like 100 degrees outside!  We decided to stay since it wasn't too bad inside since it wasn't packed and we were sure the other places nearby would be crowded. 

Our waitress came took our drink orders and left us to decide.  I chose the Salmon BALT (bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato) with herbed aioli. I substituted grilled chicken as I don't eat any seafood or fish. My friend had the seasonal omelette with fruit.  We chatted and caught up about life. Water glass was constantly refilled  and we did refill our iced teas a few times as well because the glasses were so small. 

Our food came pretty quickly and I was surprised to see well done (my favorite) French fries with some seasonings. The menu didn't indicate any sides, otherwise I would have chosen fruit as well.  The waiter offered to exchange them for whatever side I wanted but it was too late. The fries looked delicious and my gf told me they are really good. Ok, ok I'm convinced to keep them. Lol. Not sure what the seasonings were, but I did add some salt and pepper.  We shared them to cut the calories. 

My sandwich was good, nothing spectacular and the bun seemed like a regular bun that was toasted. My friend's omelette looked good and the fruit was fresh. Finished everything since we don't waste food around here! 

Didn't have a chance to take pics, unfortunately. I hope their air is fixed soon. They should also warn people with a note on the door.  

Overall, an enjoyable time and meal.
Shrimp & Grits on point, loved loved the eggs Benedict with crab cake. Bottomless mimosa worth the price
Nice new gastropub with reasonable price:
Pros:
1. Food tasted really good at this price range. We ordered SOMO burger and green pea burger and we were not disappointed. 
2. Good (not great, compare to some other pub in this area and center city) beer selection
3. ALL 24 beer on tap are half price on happy hour is really a steal. Probably it's the opening promotion?
Cons:
1. We ordered 2 cocktails. To be honest, it's far from good. The bartender is barely familiar with the ingredient and protocol. He is very nervous all the time. Many waiters do not know their place to stay. Many of them just gather together and chatting when nobody needs to be served.
2. Firstly, we want to order CUBAN because the braised oxtail really intrigued my curiosity. However, as a new restaurant, and we arrived around 5pm, they told us they were run out of ingredient of this dish. What can I say...

Anyway, I give it 3.5 stars. Probably gonna try it again if they properly train their crew.
Winner winner chicken dinner. I think this place deserving of 5 stars but ordering takeout makes the experience so limiting.
Vaccinated family was coming by and we tried to get a reservation. They wouldn't seat a table of 5 because of COVID restriction. I get it. I respect it. So we ordered brunch for 5 as takeout. Yes, two huge bags of food that was cold by the time we got home. So that's really why I don't know the full effect of what this place is working with. The pictures on the website seem lovely.
Anyway, the food reminds of comfort. Go here if you want to leave, get home and take a big delicious nap. The sriracha honey wings were great. Spicy but not too much so. The fried chicken and French toast was delicious although the french toast could have been cooked a little longer. Don't rush greatness, my friends. The sunny side up egg on top with the gravy... oooooh yes yes yes. Reminded me of grandmom house in South Carolina. My cousin and aunt loved their bananas foster pancakes and home fries. The beignets were okay, don't get them expecting New Orleans (I've been 3 times and will only get beignets from the pros). 
We got a lot of food and it was all really delicious. I'd imagine dining in while it's hot and fresh off the griddle would be even more amazing. This is a safe spot to eat!
We found mold in our fruit plates and the waitress just took the plates away without apology and drop the dishes off our bill without our permission. But when we check, they charge us20% tips. We argued about that and they said there's no way to change this automatic tip which is ridiculous. They even made a ridiculous excuse that they don't have a manager.???
Went for brunch last weekend. The portion sizes were a little small (the side of potatoes you get with your entree isn't much at all) but the entree's themselves were filling enough. Really different cocktail offerings with an almost southern theme, bottomless mimosas are truly bottomless. I did notice that every table around us was taken (indoors) so if you are still iffy about that maybe ask for an outdoor table.
Somo has been the best restaurant in the area with maintaining dining in while keeping the environment covid safe. They put a lot of thought (and money) into building green houses and little tents. Good for them! We come here once in a while because it's a cute little place for low key dinner. Food is alright, i hate to say it but it's really really not special at all for the prices we pay. Portions are small and for what you get as far as flavor it's not really worth it. Same with drinks. Again, we'll still come here once in a while because we want to support small business in manayunk and because this place is cute, but I wish their dinner menu was better.
What.a.disappointment

Arrived at Somo excited to try the cocktails and the bar had a few open seats. When I asked a couple if they could shift down, the bartender was very rude and told them not to move. There is no quality service and an utter disregard for customer satisfaction.

Sincerely,

Not impressed
Great food, great amount of televisions, knowledgeable staff, and always a great decision. Get their chicken and waffles, and old fashioned.
I live in the neighborhood and gave this restaurant a second try. I went for brunch when the restaurant first open. My first visit was not great as it took 15 min to get coffee and the service was slow and disorderly. I figured that was them working out the system.

Last night I went for drinks and firsts on a beautiful evening. The staff was very friendly. The food presentation was terrible across the board and the food was mediocre. The cheese plate had pistachios that were not fresh and chunks of cheese that were oddly chopped and one piece not edible. The bread was fat white toast that made no sense. The hummus was not good and had the same white toast. We also ordered a beef appetizer that was thrown together with cheese and fries. The presentation made me feel that the chef did not care. All the n all not a satisfying visit. 

I gave 2 stars because the drink was good on a beautiful night.
I've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time.  We've come for both restaurant week as well as happy hour and for dinner. Please come! The manager is amazing and the service is fantastic. We will definitely be continuing to return!!
Restaurant, ambiance and "scene" great.   Food and alcohol choice sucks.  2 horrible choices of red wine.   And the shrimp and grits FAR from it.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and Arctic char was farm salmon.  Hopefully they get things together because this will not last. Not going to come back for at least 2 months to give them time.  Has promise.  Totally failing at the moment.
A true cocktail bar was what was missing in Manayunk. The ambiance is great plus their music selection always makes my experience. Their craft cocktails won't disappoint and their beer selection is noteworthy especially for those that appreciate stouts and porters like I do. The burger is a must for meat lovers. 

Staff is very friendly.. shoutout to Max who always makes myself and my guests feel right at home when we pop up to the bar.
Terrible customer service. We ordered food and waited an hour. Waitress for our table disappeared and we tried asking another waitress but got no answer for the next ten mins. Very disappointed and we left cash on table for the drink and left.
Unfortunately not as impressive as it tries to appear.

The short rib poutine was dry.  Fries with melted cheese on top, basically no gravy to speak of.  The short rib on top was pretty good but nowhere near enough to save the dish.

The shrimp and grits came out tepid.  Grits were pretty good.  Two whole shrimp on top, not so much.  Had it been warm it could have been passable.

One of the biggest crimes in my opinion is the uninspired beer list.  Twenty-four taps, about six were already kicked with no replacements while I was there, so we are down to 18.  There is so much that can be done with that many taps.  Unfortunately, while they have a good variety of breweries, it's all bread and butter offerings from each.  There is so much room to experiment.  For example, 18 taps and not a single sour.  Whoever is curating the list lacks imagination.  They inherited the system from Rubb, who occupied the space before them, and it just seems like they have no idea what to do with it.

+1 star for the decor.  They obviously put a lot of money into the place, and it looks great.

Tighten up your beer game and work on food quality!
Love this place. I come at least every other month. I can't believe I can't find any photos from the millions of times I've been but, I recommend the Fried Chicken & French Toast, The Salmon B.A.L.T. and the mango margarita. All amazing and won't disappoint.

TIP: if coming for brunch on the weekends make a reservation. They offer bottomless mimosas and it makes this place a hot spot for sure!
We waited over an hour after ordering.  Staff only said sorry : did nothing to make it right.
My first time coming here for brunch. While I loved the food and the service we had to move tables as we were seated next to the wall and there were too many flys.
Excellent little bistro in Manayunk!

Waitstaff very attentive and friendly, knowledgeable and professional. A great nitro stout preceded the meal.

The burrata is a great choice for sharing a light, flavorful appetizer, served with fresh fennel salad and a green pea purée and roasted beets. I'll try the baked Brie on a return visit.

The Somo Burger is outstanding. I don't rave about burgers. Either they're good or not. But Somo must have its own beef blend + a perfect medium prep. Even the fries are stellar, hand cut, perfect. Moreover, the burger's texture, flavor and succulence, posted on a brioche bun really stands out. 

Try the desserts. We had a trio of tiny Beignets, fresh, warm and delectable, served with a berry compote.
I would drive an hour to eat here. There are a few really good restaurants in Manayunk and East Falls that may get overlooked in the Philly dining scene. Somo is definitely one of them.
Went here for a date night during COVID season. We made a reservation and there was plenty of outdoor seating with lots of heat lamps, so even on a chilly November night, we were nice and toasty! We didn't get any drinks but their cocktail menu looked very interesting, definitely would try next time. The food was good, we had the salmon BLT and the Pea Burger: even with what I assume was a smaller menu, there was still a variety of choices that all looked good. Overall a good experience and would come back again!
Within the past week or so, I've been to SOMO twice.  

The first time I went with two of my girlfriends for a late Sunday brunch.  The service was great - excellent even - we met at the bar and decided to sit outside.  But, it started raining out of nowhere, so our waiter helped us inside.  He was very attentive, had a great sense of humor, and was polite and apologetic when they were out of smoked salmon for our avocado toast.

Speaking of which - yes, I'm cliche and I ordered avocado toast.  BUT, this place does it right!  It was perfectly proportioned between all the layers and seasoned (salted) just right.  I know I can make this at home, but this was a winning dish and I'd get it again. 

To pair with our brunches, we partook in some cocktails - the RESPECT YOUR ELDERFLOWERS was delicious - the right combination of sweet, not sweet, and liquor.  All three of us had this in fact and we all gushed about it. 

I went to SOMO again about a week later for some post-dinner cocktails with my husband.  Once again, the service was great (in fact, our server looked like our other server, so I thought it was the same guy...I asked.  It wasn't).  My husband had a Stone Enjoy By, a great craft beer, and I tried their Tito Lemonade PAWS cocktail (part of proceeds go to PAWs) as well as a Rusty Griswold.  The lemonade wasn't my taste per say, it wasn't bad, but one was enough - but I did love the charity aspect of it and it was good, I just can't drink multiple lemonades.  The Rusty Griswold was great - the lemon and ginger complimented the McCallans and really combined for a winning taste.  

All in all - go here.  Get drinks.  Eat.  Have fun.  Enjoy the service.  You really can't go wrong (unless you really want the smoked salmon on your avocado toast, they could run out, but I promise, bacon was a great substitution).
Good for drinks. Meh for food. 

Good atmosphere and nice servers overalll. Drinks are good and solid beer menu.

Food however is subpar overall compared to other gastropubs. 

Sriracha wings are the standout. Those are good. Well cooked with a nice sweet heat. Best item we had. Four-five stars for that.

Charred octopus was a couple smallish tentacles...little dry and cooked ok.  Good dressing though. 3.5 stars for that.

Beef taco was a joke. A very small portion of absolutely tasteless beef on a small raw and cold corn tortilla with a smear of avocado...like eating leather on a disk of mush. No garnish, no lime, no taste at all. One star.

Meatballs were meh. Three small meatballs in a very small amount of thin sauce. Texture was not good. Mealy, not meaty. Lacking flavor. The ricotta they served them on was the only good thing about that plate...sweet and fresh. Two stars. 

Hummus was ok. Weird purée of something sweet on top of some average hummus with a few points of pita. Three stars. 

Calamari was good and pretty tender...well prepared , but the sauce wasn't well balanced and lacked tang. 

Overall a fun place to drink and hang out with friends but a disappointing place for a meal. Just get some snacks to go with your drinks and don't expect much in the snacks department.
So underwhelmed with brunch here. I was so excited to check this new place out but I'm not convinced I will come back. 

Perhaps it was an off morning? Unfortunately a list of small things took away from the overall experience. 

COFFEE CREAMER
My friend and I ordered coffee and we were given a dirty metal cup with creamer in it. I made the waiter aware of how dirty the cup was and he got us a clean cup of creamer right away. When we asked for more creamer after the replacement we got a little glass. I'm not going to go into detail but both the first creamer and glass of creamer had floating debris in it. 

SERVICE & FOOD 
Few people were in the restaurant but the wait was long for food. I ordered the pea burger. It was light and fragrant with delicious fries accompanying it.

My friend's dish wasn't great. He ordered the steak and eggs. The steak was overly seasoned (which is a shame because the meat itself was juicy!) and the potatoes were lacking seasoning to the point it just tasted... like potatoes. Plain dissatisfying potatoes. He was so disappointed. In the end he just sent the dish back and didn't order anything else. Our waiter was kind and took it off the bill. 

Service could of been a little better with more staff. I did witness a couple walk in looking for someone to seat them and left.

INTERIOR
I think it's a beautiful place. I appreciated the look and feel of everything down to the silverware. The seats could be more comfortable but it's fine if you're not waiting for too long. 

OVERALL
Not the best first impression overall. But I would be happy to come back for a dinner sometime and update this review. Hopefully a better experience next time!
Going to make this a quick review while it's fresh in my memory. 

Pros:
- Good cocktails, but the prices have gone up a couple dollars. The pictures of the $9 cocktails no longer exist. 
- Great fries, soft on the inside, crisp on the outside
- Nice ambiance and decor. Food seems to be plated for a fancier place, but the atmosphere is still casual. 
- Crab salad w/ smoked salmon and wasabi tobiko was refreshing.  

Cons: 
- Short rib poutine lacked the gravy and the short rib was dry
- Stack burger was dry and the bun was too dense and cold for my liking. I would've prefered a thicker patty and cooked medium rare. The egg was cooked to perfection though.
- Service was pretty good. Check-ins were done and water was filled promptly. I just wished our waitress would've spent less time on her phone especially during the times I did need something. 

I'd come back probably just for the drinks alone until the food is tweaked a bit, but it wouldn't be a place I could frequent a few times a week.
It opened 'softly' in April or so; we stumbled onto its official Grand Opening on a recent Thursday night. The SOMO name is a combo of that of owner James' daughter 'Sophia' and their surname, 'Morrissey'. He's a restaurant designer and has used all of his best ideas here, showcasing the original 19th century stone walls, tin ceiling, reclaimed wood and new marble, giving SOMO an industrial/clubby/library look. 
     Cuisine is considered American, with traditional dishes served up with creative twists and tweaks. That's thanks to chef Allen, onetime kitchen-magician at the fabulous Peter Shields Inn in Cape May. Our table ordered the beet salad, which had a delicious cucumber/honey dressing with pistachios and huge chunks of red and yellow beets. We also chose two of the night's specials: a deconstructed meatball sandwich dish, rare-in-the-middle-by-design with a terrific mixture of high end beef, veal and pork. I recommend highly.  The diver scallops dish was another one of our choices- if offered again, you'll want to try. 
     I was worried that being new, service would drag - but, Diana was "on it". Not only was she efficient and friendly, she was practically psychic about what we needed. We were having a family celebration and therefore, didn't skimp on the booze so our total bill was about $130 - but, if you behave yourself, your check will be much less. It wasn't listed on Open Table to make a reservation so I called directly instead. I highly recommend SOMO for the design, food and great crew.
I just had lunch here very recently. After being fairly disappointed, I decided to check Yelp to see what others were saying. After reading several of the many 5 star reviews for this new establishment, I determined that they seemed rather ........ fake. Thus, I felt compelled to leave an honest review for their sake and ours: The service, while friendly, was clearly inexperienced. A freshly opened restaurant would benefit from some seasoned waitstaff and management to help work out the inevitable kinks. The place feels nice and contemporary but lacks any theme whatsoever. Boring does not attract new customers but good food will ensure that they come back. And this is where the place fails miserably. The food was bad. Not just "bad for the price point" bad but bad bad. I was compelled by the small menu because generally that means that there was some thought put into doing a few items well. I was also interested by the menu descriptions that suggested a new twist on traditional dishes. It turned out to be a lot of fluff. Simple things were not executed properly (soggy fries, grilled cheese that was not the least bit "grilled", bad presentation, unmelted cheese, etc). The ingredients themselves were also subpar. The menu suggests premium food items (however, at least two of the described meal components were not as advertised in the menu). Maybe they were premium at some point. However, they seemed to be overcooked and prepared ahead of time. In the end, a restaurant needs to have good food. All the other stuff is just background noise. This joint lacks both the food and the background noise.
Why is this place popular? 
 
To give an adequate summation of a SOMA brunch I would say... "Nothing offered that I couldn't make at home, but better."  

The restaurant teases you with the $26.00 bottomless mimosa, certainly a come-on.  I didn't care. I was looking forward to a nice glass of bubbles tinged with OJ, refreshing and cool. 

However, there were issues and I'm not sure what the problem was, you decide. 

We ordered mimosas three different times and they were all flat. No fizz, nothing, just flat.  We started with the bottomless mimosas; they were flat.

We took a sip, then asked for another batch.

The server was apologetic and offered to give us fresh drinks. She returned with two drinks. 

Both drinks were flat. 

As we waited for the server to return, we watched as another server poured pre-made mimosas from a pitcher for a table. We considered that maybe all the mimosas for the "bottomless" offerings were made this way.  So, we switched and asked for just regular mimosas.  The server assured us that these would be made fresh, from a just opened bottle.

Of course, these were flat as well.

One server suggested that they used cheap prosecco; I don't know. However, what I know is that I have NEVER opened a "fresh" flat bottle of prosecco in my home. 

We switched to different drinks after this. 

I ordered French Toast with apple cinnamon. pecan, coconut flakes, maple. whipped cream.  Sounds delicious, right? Literally a depressing-looking meal. The plating of thin slices of French toast with pecans tossed underneath was sad. I've never had restaurant quality French toast that was made from thin slices of bread. I was told they used brioche bread, which I doubt. The uniformity of the slices and size leads me to believe it was just plain Wonderbread. 

My partner ordered the Seared Salmon BLT with slab bacon, avocado, tomato, iceberg and herb aioli. Instead of using salmon cut to size or maybe diced pieces, they used portioned salmon.  A choice resulting in a sizeable chunk of salmon down the center of the sandwich, with a good portion of the sandwich being nothing more than bread, lettuce and tomato. Either use rectangular shaped bread or dice the salmon, but no one wants to eat a sandwich that is so off balanced.
I wasn't super impressed with this place. I went during a busy Sunday and the service was terrible and the food was just okay -- definitely not worth the price I paid for. The Lox Bagel came deconstructed and the presentation was just horrible. I also had a pancakes which was pretty good and some home fries. 

Pretty average place tbh.
I've come here a few times for Happy Hour, late night drinks, dinner to go and dine in. I typically dine at the bar since the place is intimate. 

The bartenders are awesome and the drinks are tasty. They even have signature drinks you won't find anywhere else. The ambiance is festive with lots of chatter as music plays slightly below the sound of the customers. 

I have come here alone, with a date and friends; I always have a good time. 

The food is delicious and they have a special spin on the dishes which makes it a great culinary experience! I typically have shrimp and grits. It's rather inexpensive for the size of the shrimps and the amount you receive. I pair it with the roasted Brussels sprouts; which are charred with bacon and shallots. It's divine and it's a chance for my taste buds to do the chacha in mouth!!!

Come on it and enjoy the great food, service and ambiance you won't be disappointed!
i got pancakes and it came out soggy. service was all over the place. very slow and wouldnt even come to our table. whenever i asked for something the waiter just stood across the room and tried to read my lips. then he gave us the wrong check which took 10 minutes to get back the right one. it also took 10 minutes to get cream for coffee. i dont know why the service was so slow. especially because the restaurant was barely full. very disappointing.
Wanted to eat here for Brunch this past Sunday and the girls working were rude and indifferent to welcoming us. No one came to greet us, we had to go to them. There was plenty of tables open when we asked how long the wait was, they responded that we'd have to wait 45 minutes minimum for a table because they had upcoming reservations. It's interesting to turn away customers that want to dine when they are already there for people that aren't there yet and who may cancel. Was excited to try Somo for the longest time, but I'm never going back.
Ate here 2x. First time was good. Second time the fried chicken and waffles came completely raw. We were with friends, who had also seen the dish. SOMO staff didn't really do much to compensate the plate of raw chicken, besides knocking off a few bucks. Unfortunately we haven't been back since.
We found there are molded raspberries inside the two fruit plates we ordered, and we only had consumed a little. We pointed it out to the server, however the server just said "ok" and took away the plates with no apologies at all. We thought they were going to exchange the fruit plate for us, but it never came. When we asked, the server simply mentioned she took those items off the check. We were not happy because the server made the decision for us without even telling us and there was no apology. 

Then on the bill the restaurant charged us an automatic gratuity fee for 20%. We refused to pay that amount but the server says she's unable to change this amount and we just have to pay.

We came here for brunch during a tour, but this was an unpleasant experience.
First time here. Food was great. Recommend reservations because we had to sit at the bar. Overall lively atmosphere. Wine was a little pricier but excellent. Definitely recommend the crab cake Benedict.
The fried chicken sandwich now uses vastly different, lower quality ingredients. The coleslaw looks like it's purchased at a super market and not freshly made like it used to be.

The hot sauce is now franks, or similar low quality. It used to be a unique, tasty hot sauce.

Theyve never really given a large piece of chicken on their sandwiches but the rest of the flavors used to compensate. Now it's glaringly low quality especially given the price.

They also never honor requests in any of the apps instructions. Very disappointed as I used to be a reliable customer.

There's no way you will be getting a sandwich like the photos used to be.

Just go to wendy's for a similar sandwich
I like the Chicken French Toast.
It is great.

Its a shame they got rid of Chef Val. 
I like his food.
All I can say is delicious!!! Shrimp and grits, Brussels and bacon, black eyed pea hummus, Poutine... we had it all and the drinks were great! Try Georgia on my mind and Ginger Rogers. Both strong and good.
Food is high quality but can use some citrus or heat. My medium rare burger was cooked to perfection. Service was 5/5.
Not worth it at all. For a place this EXPENSIVE, the quality of the food and drinks does not match the price point. The food was over salted, the drinks were flavorless and full of melted ice, and the service was sub par. We sent one of the drinks back because it was so bad. We ordered the muscles for the appetizer and I kid you not, these were the smallest muscles I have ever seen. There was barely anything in there. The calamari was too salty, as was the short rib. Again, for the price point of this restaurant, you expect good food combined with service, but instead, you get an expensive wanna be luxe restaurant that overcharges food that falls well below expectations. 

Advice: Skip this and head somewhere else instead.
It is with great disappointment that I write this review, as prior to yesterday, Somo was my favorite MYK brunch spot & the spot to which I would take all my loved ones. However yesterday my mom and I showed up for a 12:30 res for Mother's Day brunch, my mom's first outdoor dining experience since COVID. Unfortunately we were met with an atrocious experience that has left us so insulted that we will never again be retuning to Somo. I called a day in advance to request a pod for outdoor seating because I knew my mom would be most comfortable from a COVID standpoint with this seating. The hostess said she would indicate this on my reservation and that it shouldn't be a problem. Upon arrival, despite making the request in advance, all of the pods were taken, & I was told by the host after 15 minutes of waiting that it would be a little while longer because none of the other parties had yet exceeded their 90-min alloted time slots. Because it was raining at this point & we were standing in the middle of major foot traffic, I asked the host if we could be contacted once a pod came available so that we could take shelter from the rain inside of a store while waiting. The host agreed to text me once the table became available but said it wouldn't be much longer because the table closest to completing its 90-minute slot was ordering dessert. We then walked away to a nearby store as I checked my phone regularly. After no calls or texts for over a half hour, we finally headed back to the restaurant, convinced they had forgotten about us. Sure enough there was another party that had arrived after us in the booth that the host told us was intended for us. I went inside, at which point the host insisted that he had texted me. I held up my phone, showed him that he very clearly had not texted me, as he went back thru his text history, finding no evidence of having texted me. He apologized and said it would be only 5-10 minutes longer. My mom and I then proceeded to stand in the rain for another 20 minutes with no movement whatsoever. No staff member bothered to come over to us to apologize, assure us things were being worked on, nothing. At this point an hour and a half had passed from the reservation time- a reservation that I had booked a month ago. I finally asked a waitress to speak to the manager, who came out and could not have been more rude. I reiterated to the manager everything that had happened, and instead of apologizing and taking ownership for the mess-ups, she insisted that the host HAD texted me and attempted to blame their disorganization on me, the customer. I again was put in a position where I had to hold up my phone to show her that there had been zero text or phone call from the restaurant- which she barely looked at. All she said was that they would get us a table as soon as possible. She offered indoor seating, which I explained was not doable because of needing to be extra careful due to having an immunocompromised family member in the household. The manager offered nothing else after that point and was evidently in a rush to get away. I asked if there would be some sort of compensation for the major inconvenience, which she ignored. I then repeated my question, stating that if there would be no compensation, at this point we didn't want to eat there anymore. She mumbled quickly, "I'll take care of it," and immediately walked away, leaving us standing in the rain. We then stood there for 10 more minutes being ignored, until we finally decided to leave and get takeout from Diner instead. We never received a follow-up phone call to apologize for the horrible experience. Instead we received an email from OT that the reservation had been canceled. That was the nail in the coffin. I am appalled by this experience and will never be retuning to Somo again. I will be circulating this story around my friend and coworker group in Philly, as a result of which I'm sure there will be far less business coming Somo's way. Not only was my mom's holiday clouded by this extremely disappointing experience, but on top of it, because of COVID, she had been looking forward to this outdoor dining experience more than ever before. To be treated with such disrespect and to have been blamed twice for something that was so apparently the restaurant's fault...is just despicable customer service and an unacceptable way to conduct business. Somo ought to be ashamed of itself. No matter how busy you may be on any given day or holiday, there is no excuse for treating a customer- no less a mother and her daughter on Mother's Day- the way that we were treated and dismissed. I will miss their amazing food and drinks, but as a social worker for the Dept. of Veterans Affairs' Philadelphia VA Medical Center, I very strongly value a respectful customer service experience above all else- and no delicious brunch or cocktail menu is more important than that. How dare you, Somo.
Stopped in here based on outward appearance and a quick glance at the reviews.  Soon is a very nice little place.  Quaint decor, good service and nice plates.  I had the somo burger which was done perfectly as ordered.  We also had the fried chicken sandwich which met with each reviews.  Daughter had the shrimp scampi which proved to be fresh and plentiful.  All around a solid meal in really nice atmosphere.  We will be back for sure.
SOMO....more like NO MO!!! It always looks packed and fancy, so we decided to go. The seating was nice and service was fast. The food was well....subpar at best. My chicken was overcooked, and the edges were hard. It was very overpriced for a meal that just wasn't good. The Chicken Milanese literally had like butter just thrown onto it, and was like burnt fried chicken. Popeye's would have been a big step up. So yeah...looks pretty, nice aesthetic, but the food just ain't it.
I'm a sucker for nice interiors and this place is very cute!! Not to mention their food is soooo good too! Came here for brunch and definitely will be back when I'm in the area. They're best known for their chicken and waffles and they were phenomenal! I mean these are some of the best I've had. The banana pancakes were also yummy and filling. Nothing to complain about!! ...which is nice right?
Somo, 
Let's just start by saying SO NO! I came here with my girlfriends and was Excited to try a new restaurant, cause my fat ass loves to eat. For one, the drinks were watered down like a first time conversation with the parents of the person your screwing I mean absolutely pg no personality what so ever,  just shy and awkward. A McDonalds Sprite could've gave me a harder buzz then this so called watermelon punch . If I wanted a Christian night I would've went to Chick-fil-A. Ok f*** the drinks , moving on....my titties are damn near melting off my chest from the heat waiting for our food. Now don't get me wrong I don't  mind the heat I can handle it in a few hour intervals, One time my ass sat bucket naked on Montego Bays hot beach so Beybee the heat don't phase me but what I don't like, is sitting , unbuzzed on some weak ass cocktails that look like they took lessons from my ex , only to be greeted with overly salty food ... food so salty I could hear Philly laughs cueing in and faint voices screaming "dickhead" in the distance. Salty as shit . My blood pressure was rising with each bite I took  . I started dabbing my face with towels like my Grandmom during one of her flashes, and it wasn't because of the heat! It was because I was about two bites away from Hypernatrimia (beybee google it). The best the waitress could do was give us a percentage off, not even the full amount! Which ok, cool, I'm not gone sweat it , I'm already sweating enough. We take it and still tip her handsomely... cause it's not her fault. It's just the food lacked so much depth and personality I had to do a check in with myself ... like baby is you ok? Do WE need to see somebody? . Had me evaluating my damn self. The crab cake my friend order tasted like it was made from a 'just add water' packet . Baby ain't enough water ...try adding flavor, other then that metal y'all done poured from someone's gel pen. My other friend ordered a filet mignon , beybee I almost fell out when it came drowning in Gravy..... yes hunny GRAVY.... On a filet ..... mignon....I should've recognized the cries for help the moment she sat that plate down. I don't know who aunt pearline was back there cooking , but tell auntie to go home, always trying to smother something. And another thing she ordered medium well and beybee that shit was so well done like it ain't need no assistance, not an EBT, SNAP, unemployment check, NOTHING!! Filetta just knew she was a strong independent black women that ain't need no one, not even that salty ass gravy that was hired as the supporting actress. Salt took her job a little too serious and tried to outshine everything on that plate , someone needs to tell sis sometimes less is better , know you role beybee. Always a side chick tryna become the main chick! Anyway, All I have to say is an establishment of this standard needs to maintain it. For now they get a 3 out of 10. If you decide to give this place a try I suggest you get a full medical work up and clearance from your doctor and if you don't have insurance , beybee gone head and pop you a Sectral and say a prayer. Happy eating beybee's!

- Thee Food Bee
SOMO was a nice find outside of center city Philly. 

My group of 3 came here for brunch on a Saturday, and it was weirdly empty. The restaurants surrounding us were completely packed, so we were a little put off at first.

However, the food was excellent. We started with their homemade English muffins and they were the best we've ever had. I highly recommend ordering a few of these as a starter. We also got wings as an app which were average, but definitely good quality. I'm not sure how I felt about the sauce. 

For entrees, we all got the burger and it was excellent. The fries were crispy and well portioned. Definitely recommend this dish.

I definitely would be interested in coming back here for dinner to try a few other things on the menu!
The food was really good, we had a party of 4 which we expected a wait no issues there. The only issue I had was honestly something they couldn't control, it was 95 degrees outside. Would've loved to have had an option to choose as we had a reservation but wasn't given a choice on inside or outside. Outside of trying to enjoy the food in 95 degrees with humidity, it was ok.
This was my 1st time there, this is why i said "trying" the food.
The food and atmosphere were great. The restaurant is clean and offers indoor and outdoor dining (with heating lamps). The wedge salad, Calamari and baked Brie were all delicious. Would definitely return.
The first time i went it was awesome! I went again 10 days later and the service was meh and my food was cold.
Cocktails were not terrible however still slightly overpriced for the quality. Food - more dismal experience. Price compared to quality and presentation was significantly mismatched. Service was great and friendly, however the air conditioning was broken in the entire restaurant on a 95 degree night. It was clear that management did nothing to react to this to attempt to satisfy the customers or staff working hard. 

Burrata was bland and watery and served with a questionable, bitter side of guacamole.
I loved Somo I really do so much so this is my second time dinking there this week, but the experience I had tonight was horrible. The lack of service from our waitress Amanda to the horrible quality of food that cost almost 40 for. The appetizers were great, but save yourself the bother of getting the Ahi Tuna. That neither their knives nor mine could through. Also the automatic gratuity placed on the bill. It clearly states on the online menu gratuity is charged only with the party of five or more. This was a party of three. She would have gotten her 20 percent tip anyway, but our experience was insulting. When I came on Monday and had Margo she was awesome. This was not what I was expecting to return to.
SOMO is our go-to bar for after dinner drinks. I absolutely love the chill ambiance, with dim lighting and relaxed music. The bartenders are friendly and efficient. It's also one of the few places in Manayunk that won't be swarmed with young college kids, which makes it a perfect date spot. The beer list is exceptionally good and includes a handful of local brews. SOMO also has a signature cocktail menu if that is more your speed, and different types of wine. 

I've eaten at SOMO only a couple of times. My first time was during happy hour, where I ordered tacos and some sort of short rib slider. The tacos are $3 on Tuesdays and were surprisingly good. I would definitely come back on a Tuesday for some more tacos! However, the short rib sliders were subpar...literally just a piece of short rib on an open slider bun with horseradish. The most recent time I was at SOMO was for drinks, but we ended up ordering a slice of cheesecake towards the end of the night. It was sooo good and we really enjoyed it. We plan on coming back for taco Tuesday and a legit sit down dinner in the near future!
Great atmosphere, but the food was underwhelming and overpriced.  Half of the oxtail in our cuban sandwich was hard as a rock.  Couldn't taste the truffle in our truffle grilled cheese.  The menu says they they use house made pickles but when I complimented them to the manager, he said they weren't house made...
I've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time. I've only eaten here once but the food was delicious. Looking forward to returning again soon especially when  I'm the mood for a yummy cocktail!
This place needs to find its identity.  The decor is nice however there where various size stools at the table so the person you sat next to could very likely be two feet higher than you- weird.  Went on a Friday night and both of the saison tap beers where not available.  The happy hour special did not apply to the bottles of saison of course.  The music was interesting for the space- to say the least.  Restoration Hardware like decor with Mobb Deep as the music selection.  They won't be open for long unless the change and offer a more cohesive experience.
Went for an early dinner 530pm last night (Thursday), I'm impressed! The aesthetics of the place is beautiful, every detail connects. Came during happy hour (score!) so drinks were discounted. Lovely cocktail menu, there were 4 of us ladies dining and we each tried something different and enjoyed each one. We shared the Brussels & Bacon as an app and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the scallops for my entrée and they were sheer perfection! Beautifully plated and cooked perfectly. I received 2 large scallops, so I could see why some people think the portions are a bit small but it was perfect for me! My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. I will most definitely be back to try other items on their dinner menu and hopefully one weekend I'll make it in for brunch!
I was pleasantly surprised by how lovely my brunch experience was here this past weekend. We were a group of four and walked in around 1pm without a reservation, about half the tables were taken.

The menu is not large but has great variety and it was hard to decide as everything sounded delicious. 

I ordered the shakshuka and it was on par with what I had in Israel this past summer! My bf had the French toast which was so flavorful and our family had the falafel which looked so good. We shared the Brussels sprouts as an appetizer and they were perfect (who doesn't love bacon with your Brussels?) 

Portions were large and they even brought out complimentary croissants which were great and such a nice touch.  

Our server was so nice and we really had no extra requests as waters were always refilled consistently. We spent a long time catching up after paying and did not feel rushed at all. 

I do see what others are saying about the small size/closeness of tables but it did not affect our experience so they still deserve 5 stars in my book!
Came here for a simple date night since we live in Roxborough. Some of the negative reviews seemed pretty specific and the place always looks packed to us so we thought it would be worth a visit. 

We ordered the lobster Mac n Cheese which was prepared very well and delicious, but could have used some more lobster. Besides that, everything was perfect. 

My wife ordered the burger and I got the Salmon B.A.L.T.  Both were fantastic! Huge portions, excellent fries and really tasty bun. The Aioli on the Salmon was great. My favorite part of the B.A.L.T. was the deliciously cooked Salmon, but the bacon was also fantastic, thick cut and cooked with some kind of glaze. So good! The burger had two patties and my wife could only eat half of it. She loved it.

In terms of service, it was very simple and effective.  They had our table marked for us and quickly got us seated. Our drinks never got below half-filled but the wait-staff never interrupted our date to it. Very professional and effective. In my opinion the best dining experiences are when the wait staff seem to disappear and you can focus on the people you're out with. This was definitely our experience and we will be coming back!
SOMO has a great menu with TASTY options. Good mix of classics and new twists. Went for brunch and got a good spicy Bloody Mary. Started with Brussels w/ bacon, and then split the shrimp and grits and short rib Benedict. The shrimp and a grits is a lot of grits with a decent amount of shrimp. Very filling but happy I split since so rich. The Short Rib Benedict was WILD. Quality meat, egg, and hollandaise. The fries were out of this world. Came home with leftovers and very happy to have them later.
Nice decor and a great venue for dinner and drinks. The draft list is extensive and they carry a wide array of craft beers. 10/10 will definitely be coming back.
The service was horrible. Over an hour wait for avocado toast and an omelette. Neither was very good. Save your time and go elsewhere.
What a welcome addition to Main Street. Their drink selection is great- the Ginger Rodgers was one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. Not too sweet, not too sour- deliciously right. Their draft list is impressive with no shortage of solid options. For dinner we had the Arctic char and the chicken. Portions are definitely on the smaller side but as they should be. This place is quality over quantity. Every bite was perfection. The Arctic char had the most amazing salty, crispy skin paired with velvety, perfectly cooked fish. The chicken was juicy and flavorful with delicious potatoes and onions. The presentation is beautiful and makes you appreciate every bite. Our service was great from start to finish. The hostess welcomed us warmly and our server was friendly and attentive. You would never guess that they just opened- if there are any kinks being worked out, they hide it well. The restaurant itself is beautiful with so many unique and local touches. It is definitely on the smaller side and a bit tight for large groups or children- but great for a date night. We can't wait to come back and try out some more of the great drink and menu options.
I can't say enough good about this place right now. I will update this review later (yes I know that's lame, I apologize) but this is a top-notch place (great food, great service, unbelievable prices, excellent beer list, fun cocktails, etc.) that I look forward to telling you more about when I update this post.
Wanted to try something new for lunch so me and the bestie picked a random place in Manayunk.  I enjoyed the swanky look of the restaurant in contrast with the simplicity of the clipboard menu.  It is a smaller place so I imagine it's kind of a tight squeeze when there's a crowd; but this is the only downside I could see about dining here.  

The prices weren't crazy either.  I had the nuts and berries salad (delicious and filling) and the lobster mac &a cheese.  Both dishes were very good and less than $40.  I would definitely come back; hopefully for brunch as I was eyeing the crab cake Benedict.
Me and my girlfriends just went to SOMO the food was pretty good. We are on a diet so we got a round of Mocktails that our waiter suggested. The Moscow Mules Mocktails. My pregnant girlfriend went a week later and requested the same mocktail and they told her they don't make them... needless to say I was flabbergasted that they refused to make her a drink with no alcohol. Not sure what that was about.
Food was great. Service was extremely average. Waitress was quite rude and made some eye raising comments. Experience would probably differ with a different sever
One of the more upscale, "special event" or date night type restaurants on Manayunk's Main Street. Always bustling on Saturday's, so we made a reservation for a Father's Day dinner. 
Pros: mixed drinks were beautiful and very tasty, food quality/presentation was high
Cons: I got the short ribs, which in themselves were melt in your mouth great, but they had a gallop of tacky gravy sauce on them, that I've only ever tasted before on top microwave mashed potatoes. The flavors did not mesh well at all, so I'd recommend adjusting the recipe, or sticking to a more standard BBQ sauce/spice rub. Also, the included sides of broccoli/potato WERE tasted, but the portion sizes were meager, with just two broccolis and three mini potatoes.
So I ordered takeout from SOMO tonight, this was my first time trying this cute restaurant in Manyunk. We ordered the Lobster Mac & cheese, which my sister enjoyed, 2 orders of the Shrimp Scampi and Calamari. Now usually I order out from Parc in downtown philly and use that as a benchmark to other places I'm trying out. The quality of the food at SOMO was maybe 4/10 and the quantity given was a 1/10. For 22$ for an entree, I think it's fair to have certain expectations regarding quality and quantity. First and foremost, the shrimp came out undercooked and there were only 4 of them. The box they gave me, was about 1/3 filled. Furthermore, the calamari they gave me was so meager and dreadful, I felt bad they even bothered to box it individually. Why not just take my money and run. Bottomline, If you're looking for a restaurant in Manyunk, just avoid SOMO. Parc in the city has shockingly better food in terms of quality, quantity and ambiance for practically the same prices.
I think this place is a little overrated. As a whole, the menu was not very appealing and was a weird, hodgepodge mix of various cuisines. Tried a few different things and nothing really stood out - there was a bit of quality and inspiration lacking. The halloumi salad was very underwhelming, and the salmon BLT was not well put together. Highlight was the calamari and wings. Decent selection of cocktails. I suggest they maybe refine and focus their menu before I'm ready to dub this place the best food on Main Street.
Went to SOMO for the first time tonight. My apple salad with Salmon was delicious. Our server, Greysen, was super polite and attentive. I haven't had service like that in a long time. Can't wait to come back!
Nice restaurant with great service! Buffalo cauliflower was delicious, big portion. Lobster & shrimp Mac & cheese was very good, and mushroom pappardelle was excellent. Georgia peach cocktail was also excellent. We will be back.
Way to finally class it up Manayunk. SOMO looks great inside. Modern rustic is the term I like to use. It's defiantly classier than most of Manayunk establishments which wreak of a hangover on a Sunday morning. SOMO also looks clean and inviting. This was my first impression. Second impression was that it was loud. During a packed brunch, you were forced to hold a rather loud conversation with the person across from you (maybe this fact alone keeps some of the less classy residents away who would otherwise be forced to loudly piece together their night).  The food was good but the well crafted drinks were better. Service was great. Attentive but not overbearing.
Went last night for restaurant week. There were some bumps along the way; they ran out of a couple things and couldn't do substitutions.  Things like that are to be expected with the volume of restaurant week, though. 

Everything tasted amazing, the pork belly, and duck stew were outstanding. Our server Cora Anne was so sweet, and went out of her way to make sure we were happy and taken care of. The manager, Jon was great as well. I can't say enough how appreciative we were of their service.  I'd definitely go again.
Great atmosphere. I was overall impressed with the new restaurant. I ordered the short rib sandwich, and it was okay. There wasn't too much taste to the short rib itself, but it was alright. I will order something else next time, as my friends really enjoyed their meals.
Went for dinner. Small place, but a lot of bar seating. Great cocktails. Good beer list; their keg of stone enjoy by kicked, so got almost a full glass on the house. Foie gras (special), sweetbreads (special), Brussel sprouts, burrata, and bread pudding all amazing--especially the sweetbreads. A little loud when full, but would happily come back ANYTIME.
We were here for their soft opening, and were blown away by the ambiance. Unfortunately the dishes we ordered were underwhelming , especially at the price-point. But they're new, so we're thinking they're still working out the kinks. 

The best dish we ordered was the mushroom mac and cheese.  Asked for a medium rare burger that came out well done and the salad was essentially just large pieces of watercress and some beets.. and an almost non-existent dressing. The big easy cocktail felt like it was missing something and wasn't up to par for the amount it cost. 

We may go back but probably not until they got more traction.
