You can find Sotto underneath the walnut street bridge on 24th street. (Hence the name Sotto which means "under" in italian!) #Funfact

I am a huge fan of Sotto for many reasons. 
1. It's BYO.
2. It's so stinkin' cute (I.e., Bring your first date here)
3. The food is delicious 

The pasta dishes are incredible. And while I think that their pasta portions are a great size for a meal, I also think you'll want to split one of their delicious apps or salads with your date/friend/random person to round out the experience. 

Prices are good and service is so polite. Bonus points because they are happy to let you enjoy your meal slowly.  

There is only seating for about 20 so make a reservation and be prepared.
Went here on a cold Friday at 8pm.  We were walking so parking was no issue for us.  Got one of the last tables, we didn't have a reservation.  It is a very small place and the service was good and the prices were reasonable.  I ordered the ravioli with meatballs and my husband ordered pasta with pancetta.  Both dishes were very good and the portions were perfect.  I got chocolate mousse for desert.  It was just ok.  It seemed like it was not made in-house. I would recommend this place but not on a cold night.  The only reason for my 4 star rating instead of 5 is that the dining room is small and every time someone arrives, the door opens and a gust of cold air flows through the dining area.  They keep the temperature warm in there, but it is not enough to offset the cold when the door opens.  If you are dining with more than 2 people you probably need a reservation.  I will go back again but definitely not during the winter months.
I usually don't review a place after only one visit so I can provide a more fair assessment; however, that's my rule and I'm comfortable breaking in now and again (and probably start with this same disclaimer). Sotto came in under the radar (at least under my radar) and is in a semi-secret location (all but tucked under the Walnut Street Bridge at 24th), so I feel like I want to give it a little well-deserved attention.

My GF and I caught a glimpse of Sotto while traversing aforementioned bridge. Not sure how or we spotted it. I wouldn't be surprised if we're developing a 6th new restaurant sense. We saw that it is a new Italian restaurant and were intrigued. We decided to try it for lunch and were both impressed.

We had an appetizer of roasted red peppers (with a nice coating of olive oil, garlic and herbs) and mozzarella and provolone. We followed that with a focaccia covered with tomatoes, mozzarella and prosciutto. Nothing fancy, but nicely prepared.

The lunch menu has a variety of pasta dishes, paninis, and pizzas, all reasonably priced.
I'll tell you a secret. This Italian BYO place is a hidden gem! And when I mean hidden, I mean it's under the Walnut Street bridge. The place is very warm and cozy, and the people that work there are so friendly! I've been there twice, and each meal was very good.

Recent excursion was delicious! I had the special which was duck pappardelle with truffle oil. Home-made pappardelle! Rich and dreamy. I've also tried the grilled octopus and the chicken belladonna. These are excellent choices. Next, I want to try their pizza. The portions are bigger than average, and leftovers make for a great lunch.

Now that the secret's out, I hope enjoy your next meal here!
I made a reservation for 1 today. The restaurant was empty besides the one table where some of the kitchen staff were eating a pizza. With the whole dining room to seat in, they put me right beside the workers. I'm a sommelier who is a partner in a restaurant, so it wasn't an issue; however, they were using a lot of disgusting profanity, and I happen to speak Spanish. I had to ask for a napkin. Service was non-attentive, and I had to listen to a server aggressively and rudely confirm reservations the whole time three feet away. I've worked for many great restaurants, and the service here was so awful. The espresso was half a little cup. Only time I've seen espresso poured that way! I can only hope the servers were incompetent because they were family members of the owners and could get away with being unprofessional. Yikes, but after hearing the kitchen about filth two feet away, the waitstaff be negligent, and the food be mediocre, I left the worst tip I've ever left & it was 2 bucks too much. Shame on Sotto.
I will have to give this a very negative review, I don't belive in this business modo and I think people who intent to make a profit in such ways are not ment to be successful. 

The waiter that took care of me and my companion was quite aggressive and seem very disconnect with what he does, even though he seem to be a sibling. 

I ask for a glass of merlot and they guy gave a smurk, I thing he wanted me to order a whole bottle, but my friend doesn't drink and it would be too much to have a whole bottle myself.. And than with an aditude he took our order: grill veggies, pizza and a whole branzino. It took for ever, and when it finally arrived everything came at the same time! which I decided than that I would mind it  to be honest; but this is what got to me and really wish that this owners earn the hard lesson of failure. In the menu, says that if you share the whole fish they have surcharge, bout 5 dollars more, which also I'm not in agreement with, but I guess if you think that bringing an extra plate or dividing   the fish is worth charging more many? than maybe... Just maybe.. Anyhow, I was ask if I wanted to have my fish dibouned to which I reply that I wanted to eat it whole on the bone. My companion had the pizza and the grill veggies, we decided to try a little of each other's dishes, I served a little peace of my fish a couple of times to her plate and she share a slice of pizza with me.. well I got charged EXTRA because I gave her a peace of my fish!!! Who are they to tell me who and how should I enjoy my food, and to give me a monetary citation for doing so??? This is unacceptable and low low busses  ethics. Unfortunately it did. It end there, two couples sat next to our table and a lady order the same fish I did, well, the waiter pressured her to have it deboned, when he bought back the fish it was less than HALF!!! This guys are just sleazy people that want to make a dime with low business ethics and robe people.
Sotto is a wonderful BYOB in a somewhat hidden location. It's definitely not as easy to find as other Italian BYOBs but it's worth the trip! We were able to get their last reservation of the night and the staff were very accommodating. Prior to receiving the appetizer they gave us some pita bread with olive oil and it was very fresh and delicious. For the appetizer we ordered the Grilled Octopus and for entrees we shared the Veal Chop Milanese and the Rigatoni Locanda. All of the meals were delicious and the serving sizes were very generous! The servers were more than happy to give us more bread when we were finished with a basket and  the pasta sauce in the rigatoni was great to dip the bread in. There were a few birthdays at the restaurant that night every person who was celebrating was sung to by the whole restaurant, which I found to be very sweet. I will definitely be back!
Excellent BYO with fair prices.  A little tough to find, its beneath the over pass along 24th st.  

Servers were very attentive and they hustled which I like.

We were able to get a reservation for 6 people by calling in at 3:30pm on a Saturday on a beautiful spring day for the same night at 8pm.  The space is very small and packed that I was surprised we could get a party that size in (might have been a cancellation).  

Apps were excellent, especially the octopus.  

I had the fettuccine special that night (chock full of seafood).  Noodles were a bit soft which I actually prefer.  That was probably the best option among what was ordered at the table.  One person got a meat dish which was huge.  

Pasta portions were probably medium sized.  Appropriate for the price.
Ok, so this place is, hands down, one of my new favorite places. The wife and I went there tonight to see what the pizza was like and boy, did we find a gem. 
First of all, it's tucked right under the Walnut Street Bridge, which gives it a very hidden feel. 
We got in early, about 6;45pm (We were tired, don't judge us!!) and were seated immediately. The staff was really polite, ran through the specials and took our orders promptly. We ordered the Pizza Rustica and a pasta that, sadly, I can't remember the name of right now that was unbelievably good. The food was all very good, the service prompt and polite. Absolutely nothing to complain about.  
What really sealed the deal was towards the end of our meal a group of elderly folks came in as a group to eat, and one of their members was in a wheelchair. Two of the staff went outside and picked the woman up in her wheelchair and carried her inside the restaurant and made sure she was all settled and comfortable. That level of respect and care for someone  who is in need of assistance is something I respect tremendously, and really sealed the deal for me on this restaurant. 
Atmosphere: Quaint, intimate.
Food: Awesome. The pasta is to die for!
Service: Incredible.  They treat customers like family and that means a lot. 

Definitely try this place.
Went to this place on a friday night around 8pm.  It was busy but not too noisy to hold a conversation.  Service was good, though there seemed to be a single waiter handling all of the tables.  First was a bread drizzled with olive oil...okay but nothing special.  Boyfriend got chicken parm while I had the pasta with chicken and cheese (the name escapes me - something teleforno?).  Both were tasty and very well portioned.  Usually my bf is very sensitive to salt, which many places overdo...not the case here.  He left very pleased with his meal, though he did say he felt it could have used more spice.  There are pepper sprinklers behind the host counter so next time he can use those.  My pasta dish was delicious...would definitely get again!  The place is BYO so the meal was very reasonably priced considering the quality and portions.  We'll be back for sure :)
We were smugly denied service there today, we weren't greeted by the male who was working and there were three white males dining when this happened. 

Upon seeing us, he did not speak. Then he proceeded to walk past us. Moreover, my friend had to ask him if they were open (there was no sign indicating that they were closed and their hours indicated that they were open...also the three men being served were a clear indication that they were open) and he said that they were not open. 

This was a disturbing and unacceptable experience and we will not only not return to this restaurant but they will hear from us again. Also, we are two women of color.
First off, Sotto was not easy to find.  It's pretty much under a bridge, so it's easy to miss.

When we walked in, I don't think they were happy to see us.  We were three college aged guys, so I doubt we were their regular crowd.  I think the guy hesitated but eventually decided to seat us.  We were not problematic to anyone.

The food was good.  I wouldn't say it was incredible, but it was good.  It was also overpriced.  The portions are very small, so expect to spend a lot of money on a little food.
I love this restaurant. They offer great food, at reasonable prices, with a great family-owned, friendly "we've known you for life" kind of service. If you go once, they'll never forget you and they make you feel like they're truly pleased to have you in to dine. I've only ever gotten the gnocchi because it's so delicious, but my boyfriend has liked other dishes that he's tried when we go here. The place is small and a reservation is recommended but because of it's hidden location, it's never hard to get a table here. It's also BYO so you can save money and drink exactly what you want by bringing what you like. I'm going to Sotto tonight in fact and I'm already so looking forward to our experience! If you like good Italian and exceptional service, you've got to check this place out.
We had such lovely dinner here. We called at 8:30 on a Saturday night and they said a table would be available at 9:15, which was perfect. I had noticed a pic of a grilled vegetable platter on Yelp, it was not on the menu but the chef accommodated and made the most beautiful plate. (Included endive, radicchio, asparagus...not your run of the mill veggies.) Our salads and pasta special were also perfect.  Waiter was so patient and polite, did not rush us out even though it was getting late. Atmosphere was pleasant, a few of the parties were quite boisterous but it was nice to see people throughly enjoying themselves.
We've been here twice. The first time, in a similar feel to Radicchio, we were greeted by a charismatic Italian waiter.  He struck up great conversation got us situated with the menu and it had the same type of "homey" feel that accompanies Raddichio. We ordered quite a few things off the menu for sharing and all in all, the appetizers and pastas were on point. The only disappointment was the pizza - I was hoping more for a thin, airy, chewy crust, but the dough didn't taste special at all. The toppings we great, but seriously, like 80% of pizza is the crust.

Aside from the pizzas, everything we've ordered has been fantastic and reminiscent of Raddichio. For us, it's closer, and we've never had to wait for a table (granted, we've gone at weird off hours (2-3pm).

Also, the second time we went, there wasn't anybody who was talking in Italian. We only heard spanish. Ha ha ha, and we were the only people eating there at that time, and after we received all our food, everybody working in the back came out and had their meal - and what they were eating wasn't any where near Italian found on their menu.  Interesting.
I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.  Cozy BYO (although they could have dimmed the lights just a little).  I had the polenta and veal sausage, which was great, and the chicken with artichokes.  I also had a side of the hot peppers -- I really like the concept of lots of choices of very simple vegetables sauteed in oil with garlic.  Anyway, the food was solid, the service was good, and I'll definitely be back.
When people say it is a little gem, tucked away from the street, they are not kidding. We almost decided to go somewhere else because we could not find the entrance- heads up tip, it's almost directly below the bridge for Walnut street. 

But a hidden gem indeed. Cute little place, with fantastic food. We only got various types of pasta but they were all delicious. The portions look large because they use huge plates, but they are about average. I got a Pene Lacona, which was  a delicious vodka sauce with proscuttio mixed in. Ate it in a heart beat. I ate some of my sister's gorganzola type pasta and equally delicious. Some of the best Italian pasta had in Philly!

What brings it down to 4 stars is the service. The wait staff was decently nice, and sat us immediately when we walked in, but left much to be desired. Our waiter did not tell us the specials, took his time coming by to ask us what we wanted and when we asked for the check he forgot once, told another waiter we were in a hurry to catch a train, and then spent another 5 minutes before bringing us it. Sad that it was a subpar staff experience because the food and atmosphere is fantastic.
We came here on our first night in Philadelphia and I agree with the other reviews, the food here is good. Just FYI, this place is small, so it might be wise to have a reservation in advance; however, when we came here (with reservation), it wasn't too crowded. I can't really comment on the parking situation since this place was within walking distance from our hotel.

We ordered the grilled octopus, penne locanda, and ravioli bolognese. The grilled octopus is GOOD; my boyfriend doesn't like most seafood (especially octopus) and even he loved it. The texture isn't rubbery at all; it was flaky like fish and had a tasty lemon zest to it. Our pasta dishes were equally amazing. The bread with olive oil was also a nice complement to our meals. Our server was especially nice; he always stopped by to refill our waters. 

The ambiance was very pleasant and the prices weren't bad at all! By the end of our dinner, we  felt full and satisfied.
Sotto is a quaint BYOB located under a bridge in the city. I hosted my birthday party here when they first opened and we had the whole place to ourselves, about 25 of us. The staff created a prefix menu based off of a few favorites of mine. The goat cheese and beet salad, grilled octopus, ravioli bolognese, veal saltimbocca, and grilled branzino were all selections. My guests were delighted and I think the plates were scraped clean! The prices were great and everyone was complimenting the value for the quality. Recently, I have gone back several times for lunch. I would recommend this spot for a small group of wine lovers, the staff is knowledgable ask for Julian, even though it's a BYO he will gladly share his experience while enjoying a glass. The only downside is this size of the place but that also can be a plus if you're looking for something cute.
Yum yum yum!  The best pasta I've ever had! You definitely need a reservation as this restaurant is quite small. The portions were great and throughout the establishment, you saw everyone ordering different meals which made me believe everything is great!

The servers weren't much of help as you could tell they were busy working all the tables, but my drink always stayed full and they took care of my needs. 

The only downfall I experienced was that this place is loud!  With it being such a small space, everyone was talking loudly, which made the experience a bit hectic feeling
I manage a food instagram with 230,000 followers that reviews restaurants based in Philly. I will NOT be recommending this restaurant as it deserves a 0/10 rating.

I have never been to a restaurant where I was SO insulted. The waiter should be fired. This restaurant is a BYOB so we brought wine and ordered two $16 10'' pizzas between three girls. When we ordered the two pizzas, the waiter said "do you know this is a restaurant" and called us cheap for bringing wine and ordering only a little bit of food. We were clearly shocked and said that two pizzas was more than enough food for us. He then rolled his eyes, continued insulting us, and threatened to check our IDs until he pressured us into buying an extra entree. I dont understand what kind of restaurant treats its customers like this, especially when the customers havent done anything wrong. We continued to speak respectfully to the waiter as we got insulted for buying TWO pizzas amongst 3 people. What was the waiter expecting - for each of us to buy one pizza each??? I am disturbed by how this restaurant treated us and I hope they learn some decent courtesy.
This restaurant is a great find! I already cant wait to go back because of the delicious food and humble service. For appetizers I ordered buffalo mozzarella with grilled zucchini and chopped tomatoes in balsamic vinegar and olive oil. The cheese was a bit on the chewy side but it worked well with the fresh tomato and perfectly grilled zucchini. My mom ordered the grilled octopus and couldn't get enough. For the main course we shared the grilled branzino. It honestly seemed like they had just caught it, the fish just melts in your mouth. 

We did not order dessert but that just means another meal there is in order. Especially to try the pizza. Don't miss this BYOB!
this yummy italian restaurant is hidden under the Walnut St bridge . staff friendly, cute space but very small and few seats there, and delicious food .  pita with fresh olive oil starts the meal off in a simple and tasty way. always ask for and sample the specials . other good choice include the Three Cheese Gnocci , the Lamb special (when its in) , and the incredible coffee and delicious desserts selection . downside is the location - kind of dirty looking under a smelly bridge , and also the very limited tables mean that you may have a wait . otherwise a real win for dining .
5 stars Outstanding! 

The Food, service, and consistency is worthy of all these great reviews. I love the beet salad, Caprino salad and all time favorite Pasta Locando add chicken with an extra side of sauce for dipping bread into! Yum.  Mario is always personable and professional and makes everyone feel welcome.
Love love love Sotto!  The menu has something for everyone - polenta with veal sausage was amazing; marg pizza to share - delish brick oven style; and we shared a few entres that were different than what we might find at Radicchio, another of my favs....  If only it was across the street!
I have been to Sottos about 6 or 7 times already and I LOVE it! 

The restaurant is a very tiny and cozy Italian nook, and it's a hidden gem of Philly under a bridge on walnut street. It's very small so you are better off making reservations ahead of time. It's also BYOB so make sure you bring a nice bottle of wine or the drink of your choice to accompany your meal. They open your bottle at no additional cost. 

The food is very traditional Italian and cooked in a in a homey way. I always go for the Gnocchi Bolognese which I think are perfectly flavored and served over a thick and hearty bolognese sauce. I also highly recommend their grilled octopus, which comes in a refreshing salad with some hints of lemon. I have also tried their pizzas and they are delicious! Their specials are also really good, I think I once tried a short rib pasta that was outstanding. 

Make sure you try the profiteroles for dessert they are exquisite. 

This restaurant is perfect for dates, taking your friends from out of town or when you need something to warm you up during a rainy or snowy day. 

If you are driving the easiest way to get there I think is by parking on walnut st in front of the Riverloft apartments or the sweat fitness gym, and take the stairs down to the restaurant. The street parking on that street is metered so make sure to check the paying hours on the sign.
This place is hard to find as it is tucked under the Walnut st bridge on 24th. We tried the recommended grilled octopus app, but for the price, it was pretty sparse with the octopus and plentiful with the greens. 
I asked them to make me the veal with the gorgonzola sauce used on another platter and it was awesome. They hesitated to make it, not having heard about it before, but finally did. We get it all the time at Spasso on Front St. Partner liked her dish too.
I went here recently for lunch with coworkers and would definitely go back- after work though, so we can do BYOB! Great little spot- keyword "little"- they take reservations, which is super nice. The server was friendly and the food was great. I'd definitely like to go for dinner so I have more time to hang out and enjoy the place.
The food is yummy, the ambiance is cozy and you cant beat the options of pizza or pasta based dishes. Veggie options available.  I've been here twice now - once on a date with the husband (the pesto gnocchi!) and once with a group of six (the mushroom/ artichoke pizza!) and both times the service was pleasant, although they could be slightly more forthcoming with the tap water refills.  Two quibbles. 1- The single bathroom is also the extra chair storage, which is odd. 2- the bread/ olive oil/ butter situation. The bread is just ok. The table olive oil is just ok. And they don't have balsamic or seasonings on the table to make your own dipping oil. The second time here I remembered the lackluster bread/ oil combo and preemptively asked for butter for the group (butter fixes all bread in my opinion) - it was decent butter yes but straight out of the fridge cold.  I would have preferred a tastier oil.  

Despite these minor quibbles, Sotto is a great addition to the neighborhood!
I really love Sotto. The location is very strange, one story down from Walnut on 24th street. But the food makes for a great neighborhood go to Italian spot. If you are looking for a nice pasta, at a good price this is it. A great go to spot when you want to go out in the neighborhood without having to make reservations.
Two dear friends were in town, and my husband and I got together with them to have dinner and then catch a show later that evening. I made reservations for four at Sotto and we were seated promptly upon our arrival. We were able to eat our meals and even have time for espresso and dessert, all while getting in and out of the restaurant within about an hour and with plenty of time to catch our show.

Instead of a traditional entree, I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and a side of fusilli with vodka sauce as my meal. Days later, I can still close my eyes and clearly recall that first revelatory bite into a forkful of perfectly al dente fusilli coated in that beautiful creamy sauce. Can't recall a vodka sauce more well-balanced in favor or with a silkier texture. The "side" portion was actually quite large, and if a person walks in with a small appetite, it could easily be a small entree in itself. But I was glad I paired it with the grilled octopus, bits of meat slightly charred on the outside, tender and yielding on the inside, and perfectly seasoned. It came on a bed of salad that was fresh and bright, though a bit too salty (I don't think they rinsed the capers that appeared in the salad).

I tasted a dining partner's gnocchi bolognese, which was less successful. The gnocchi were too dense and gave that dish a rather leaden character. In my opinion, they need to either refine the recipe or take them off the menu altogether.

The restaurant is small and cozy; it seats around 36 people or so. The staff were attentive, if a bit grim-faced. I would recommend Sotto as a good and reasonably-priced option if you want to dine in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
What a GEM! Tucked away under a bridge off Walnut Street, lies a small, unsuspecting Italian BYO with incredibly delicious food. My boyfriend and I were celebrating Valentine's Day late and wanted to go out to dinner on Saturday night. However, when we looked at Open Table, virtually everything in the Rittenhouse area was booked! After seeing reviews of Sotto on Yelp, I decided to call to see if they had anything available. Lucky enough, I was able to get a table right around my requested time.

Immediately upon entering, we knew that we were in for a treat. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly, we were given an intimate table free of elbow-rubbing from our neighbors and best of all, we were about to save a boat-load of money by bringing our own booze.

To start we ordered the grilled octopus which came highly recommended by other Yelpers. The dish was delicious and we loved dipping our bread into the broth after we had gobbled up the octopus. For entrees I ordered the Delizie which came with penne pasta with shrimp, scallops, s.d tomatoes, in a brandy tomato-cream sauce (IT WAS INSANE!) My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Sorrentina which he thoroughly enjoyed, though we both agreed mine was better. Even better than their homemade pastas and sauces was the portion sizes! You get a ton for your money AND it's delicious AND it's inexpensive. Pretty sure we died and went to heaven... my only regret was being too full for dessert.

Either way, I have no doubt that we'll become regulars here. RUN HERE.
If you are looking for a quaint, out of the way, Italian spot in Center City Sotto is the place for you. It's a hidden gem under a bridge on a street most people would never need to drive down. There is available street parking right on the block.

The meal starts off with the typical Italian bread with olive oil. My appetizer was the calamari. Perfectly prepared dish of calamari. For my entree I had a basic meatball and pasta dish. But this dish was meatballs and pasta done right. Although the meatball to pasta ratio was slightly off, it was a juicy meatball over perfectly cooked pasta and a tasty homemade sauce. With one more meatball it would have been perfect. The tiramisu for dessert was a delicious end to the meal.

There is a reason each of my dishes is a longtime Italian restaurant staple. When they are done right you are guaranteed to have a great meal. Sotto does these dishes right.
Reading the reviews on Yelp decided to give Sotto's a try & overall not a bad meal but not sure if I would return. Based on the other reviews had a good idea where it was located so no trouble finding this out of the way location. The atmosphere inside was nice & service was very good. 

We started by sharing 2 of the appetizers, the Roasted Red Peppers was just OK as needed a bit more seasoning while the taste of the Broccoli Rabe & Sausage was excellent but the sausage was way over cooked, it seemed like it was cooked earlier & just end heated up for us. For our main course the Spaghetti Matriciana was tasty & a special that evening Rigatoni with a Mussels & Clams was good especially the pasta itself.
Sotto is a cute little shoebox BYOB red sauce Italian (that's 6 adjectives) restaurant. 

I've had the pleasure of dining here twice and enjoyed the penne locanda, a vodka sauce dish with caramelized shallots and prosciutto. It's creamy, salty, and hearty. Next time, I will absolutely try their great looking version of chicken parmesan, served with a side of linguini. There are also some decent looking pizzas. 

I've always had professional if not spectacularly warm service here. It's a quick and attentive, but there's not much personality among the staff. 

Because Sotto is so small, I would recommend calling and making a reservation. Even more so in the winter, since if you walk in and have to wait, there's almost no space inside to do so.
Very cozy little spot under the Walnut St bridge on 24th st. I think they are still working  some of the kinks out. They own 2 other restaurants - Radicchio Cafe in Old City and Locanda in Voorhees. I have no doubt they will make things  hum very quickly.
  They "ran out" of caesar dressing on a Saturday night. I opted for the Caprino Salad
Arugola, radicchio, Belgian endive, served with warm goat cheese, pine nuts and hearts of palm  - salad was tasty and fresh although the goat cheese was cold. My wife had the Buffalo Mozzarella salad - again the Mozzarella was nit warm. It looked as if it was thrown together in a hurry. We came in 30 minutes before the kitchen closed on a Saturday night, so it felt like the kitchen was trying to get out of there - however our server and the manager provided excellent service and we did not feel rushed.
Entree's - I had the Bolognese which was served over large smooth rigatoni. It was great! I highly recommend it - and will be back just to eat it!
My wife had the Penne Matriciana
Penne pasta served with diced pancetta, garlic, olive oil, in our home made tomato sauce. Nothin special about this dish. Has a great foundation - if they could enhance the flavors in this dish - it could shine.
Did not stay for dessert - but will next time. 
A lot of options here - still young - and great not having to fight for a table on a Saturday night.
This little gem is tucked away under the Walnut Street bridge on 24th Street, but this secret is worth shouting about!  The first time I went there, it was to get a take-out pizza at lunch.  I got one with prosciutto, arugula, parmesan, and truffle oil, and it was a great lunch - the truffle oil made me fall in love with the pizza.  Later that month, we dined in for dinner and were not disappointed.  Having taste-tested a plethora of Italian BYOs throughout the city, I was skeptical, but the portions and quality of food changed my view.  My only concern is that others may overlook Sotto, but hopefully with enough buzz, it will continue to pull in more diners and change their attitudes, as well.
Just such a great find like other yelpers were saying. Same guys as radicchio, I know I'm rating it higher, but I think it's primarily because of the price point of the dishes. There is a pretty large food options, and it'a a byob. I got the branzino which was fantastic. The gf was a big fan of the paccheri matriciana. It's not the most accessible location which is fun because it seems like you're discovering something secret.
Sotto proved an excellent, intimate atmosphere with attentive staff.  Its location under the Walnut street bridge proved even more intimate and secretive giving the room an exclusivity. The walls are clad in wine crate backs and corks giving the room an even more private feel.  Tables are well organized so as to make your party feel isolated in an otherwise small dining room.  The pricing was very reasonable and the quality and portion sizes were ideal.   was I came hoping to get the grilled octopus, but was dissappointed to find they had not received the shipment.  I was impressed by the waiter's true empathy and his insistance that the quality had not been to their standards.  I think this epitomizes the Italian slow food movement ideals.  A willingness to compromise with ingredients so as to not compromise quality.  He recommended an excellent fresh penne dish which I thoroughly enjoyed.  He was attentive to our bottle of champagne and chilled it back to temperature given the humidity of the day.  My wife was in love with her ravioli.  The room was filled with smiles so I can imagine we were not the only ones.
This place is in an odd location (almost beneath the Walnut Street bridge), but don't let that fool you. The food here is incredible. Penne pastas are great. The pizzas also looked fantastic. The place is small enough to where waiters are constantly around, but not so cramped you feel you are in another table's conversation.

Truly an Italian gem in the city.
Stopped by on Friday night with our bottle of wine. No reservations but we were asked, so incredibly politely I might add, to wait about 15 minutes. Wandered around to Spruce and 25th and walked back to get a great table along the side. Our wine was opened promptly, water options offered and we were told of the specials - all with the same kind, polite manner of the first waiter. Already we were feeling at home!  We had the grilled octopus (sooo delicious!), the pasta lamb ragout special and the lump crab pasta. Everything was incredible - perfect temperature, just the right spices, smooth tastes and textures - excellent! Despite a number of larger groups and a full house, the service never waivered. We ended the meal with a chocolate truffle dessert and a cherry dessert, plus cappuccino. We've been to a number of Italian BYOB's (Radicchio, Porcini and the sister restaurant to Sotto, La Locanda) - Sotto tops them all - for food, atmosphere and did I mention, service!  It's just a few blocks from our new place, so I'm sure we'll be regulars!
I came here last Friday night with the wifey and a good friend.  We made a reservation for 6:30 and there were no issues getting seated.  The food was really good!  I had the carbonara which was excellent, pasta cooked perfectly, flavor was robust (I'm still thinking about it!) and the portion size was generous.  Wifey had the pasta special which was supposed to come with salmon, but she substituted chicken instead.  They still charged her $23 which is ridiculous, but at least she enjoyed it.  

So, this place would have gotten four starts but for the overcharging - we asked our waiter about it and he didn't seem to care.  He said he spoke to the manager and "couldn't help us".
Sotto, hidden in an area not regularly frequented by tourists or commuters, is  worth taking the time to visit. I stopped by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised as the food and ambiance far exceeded my expectations, at an affordable price.  I had the branzino special, served atop a bed of arugula, covered in a citrusy-tomato concasse alongside roasted garlic infused broccoli rabe.  I ended my meal with a homemade cannoli and espresso.  This neighborhood gem is awesome and I will definitely return. Kudos to the chef and staff.
Made a reservation a MONTH ago for a bachelorette party..we got all dressed up and rushed to the restaurant.....and it was closed.  Awesome.  Never called to tell me so we had to find another restaurant to accommodate 7 people on a Saturday.
Met another couple for dinner on a Friday night and it was outstanding. 
The waiter was extremely friendly and the atmosphere was perfect for dinner. Small place but not too crowded and the noise level was low. 
I ordered the ravioli bolognese and it was perfect. The ravioli were just right and the sauce was meaty and delicious. 
The portions were a good size and everyone left full and satisfied. 
The only down side is that we did not see it is a BYOB so when we come back we will be sure to bring a few bottles of wine.
If you're going sotto for the first time, be aware that it under walnut street. You'll have to take the stairs down and find it. The place is extremely small, crowded and loud, but their food is absolutely delicious and that's the only reason I'd go back there again. I got their pesto gnocchi, and I loved it. We also tried their pizza and it was made perfectly. The place is also BYOB, which is a plus. I'd rather come here with 2-3 people than a big group. It's definitely on my top 3 best Italian dinner places in Philly.
Wonderful friendly atmosphere. All the food was meticulously prepared and delicious. I got the sautéed branzino and it was great. All the appetizers delightful and not overly heavy. Staff was wonderful and friendly.
I went here with three girlfriends while on a girls' weekend in Philly. We were really impressed with the cozy atmosphere and nice, wine-based ambiance. We also appreciated the BYO wine policy (without an uncorking fee). Our waiter was fairly polite but would offer no recommendations other than "you could try one of the specials." He did inform us that the gnocchi is not made in house, but the pasta is. One of my friends ordered the pasta, and it was very good. The gnocchi and accompanying sauces were quite lacking in the flavor department. They did serve us bread, but without any oil/vinegar, or oil/seasoning dips. Heck, even butter would have been ok. The desserts were also mediocre. They tasted like pre made frozen custard. Overall, It wasn't a bad experience, in fact we had a great time. The food, and staff, however, was just meh. In a city that offers as much as Philly does in the food department, you can do better!
Our first time here and we loved it!!!  The Homemade Ricotta Ravioli was amazing!!  Flavorful and melts in your mouth!  Soup and salads like mom used to make and dessert was the best part!!!  Will definitely be going back!!!!
I went for dinner with some friends. It's a small place, the food was amazing, and the price was reasonable. The only problem is that the air conditioning was not working properly and it was hot. Reservations are needed.
We got lucky when we were able to secure a table for 6 at the last minute on a Saturday night in this small restaurant. We started with Fried Calamari (a little overcooked) and then tried Penne Garda (more mild) and Penna Delizie (tasty brandy pink sauce), both of which had a nice flavor, but the meat was limited. 

Note - you can only use a max of 2 credit cards, so at least some of the party may need to bring cash...or be prepared to play Credit Card Roulette!
This place is a little hard to find if you don't know the area...it's basically right below the Walnut St. bridge. Probably because it's a little off the beaten path, when my boyfriend and I came on a Tuesday evening we had the restaurant to ourselves. That was fine by us because we had excellent service as a result :)

As an appetizer, we ordered the buffalo mozzarella with portobello. It was amazing! And I enjoyed dipping bread in the extra olive oil and balsamic sauce. For my meal, I had the Fusilli Delizie which is a pasta dish with shrimp and scallops in a creamy tomato sauce. It had a great flavor, but I was very disappointed that the seafood was chopped up in the dish. That's something I do at home to stretch the amount of seafood I put in my cooking, but I expect whole shrimp and whole scallops at a restaurant. My boyfriend had the Chicken Saltimbocca, which was chicken topped with prosciutto and served with green beans and sliced potatoes. He thought the chicken was tasty, but he wasn't a fan of the green beans or potatoes. He felt like the green beans had an almost Asian flavor which didn't go with the dish, and the potatoes were a little soggy. 

Tip: Don't forget to pick up wine in advance because it's BYO but there aren't any wine shops that close by. The closest are 21st and Market or 25th and South.
College students make better pasta than this in their dorm rooms.
I love pasta and I love to bring my own booze, and so simply, I love Sotto.  It's an adorable restaurant conveniently located across the street from Walnut Bridge Parking Garage.  Appropriately, it's an agreeable meeting spot for dinner with friends traveling from outside of the city and require parking.  I've been there twice for dinner and on both occasions I had the most-excellent experience.  They have many delicious dinner options, but their gnocchi is so scrumptious that I have to order it each time.  Also, they can prepare it in a white or red sauce, which is swell.  In addition to the gnocchi, I've enjoyed the eggplant parmesan appetizer, as well as the tiramisu dessert and the two were tip-top.  Furthermore, the staff is welcoming and attentive and the ambiance is calm and casual, for this reason, go there.
Hidden the under the Walnut St bridge, this is a great place for anyone looking for an Italian BYO. 

It is a small restaurant with a very intimate atmosphere. The ambiance is great with the dimmed lights and cork decor, but it can get a little loud when full. While it is set up for smaller parties, they are accommodating and seated two group of 10 while I was there. 

The food is pretty good and prices are fair. While there weren't a ton of vegetarian plates, they had some great vegetarian pasta and pizza options. Portion sizes were good, so you definitely will not be leaving hungry. 

For dessert I had the a chocolate chip cannoli. While it was a little pricy, the cannoli tasted great and was a great finish to the meal.

Overall service is good and pretty quick making this a great place for anyone looking for an intimate Italian restaurant near Ucity.
made reservations last minute on a saturday night for 6 and they were able to accommodate and seat us right away.

the place is very intimate, about 12 tables.

for appetizer we had:
Margarita Pizza - it was ok, a little doughy and sauce a little bland but i appreciate that it was freshly made
Calamari - delicious, came with spicy marinara
Tricolore salad - very delicious

Entrees:
chicken parm - ok, sauce and chicken bland for my taste.  i prefer extra garlic and such
pasta special with smoked salmon cream sauce - delicious, so much flavorrrr
twin pasta with crab  and tomatoes - it was ok, very fresh

i would def recommend this place.  clean dishes, great pricing and service.  the decor is simple and cute, ideal for a date night.
The meal and experience never disappoints here. I think the food is some of the best Italian in the city (save for some true gems in South Philly), and is easy on the wallet. The staff is extremely friendly and adds to the warmth of the place.
A 5, if only we didn't have a crabby waiter. He belted out such a long list of specials in a rapid fire fashion, was borderline rude, and failed to notice our flailing attempts to bring him to our table. Maybe it was because it was a long day and we came around 9pm, maybe he had a bad day, derno. 

Sotto is cute, it's cozy, its menu is endless with reasonably priced  and perfectly proportioned entrees.  When our dishes were served to us ( in a reasonable amount of time), our waiter and an additional waitstaff individual failed to say that the dishes were piping hot before we dug in( isn't that a common thing to say for hot dishes?).

I ordered the gnocchi al  gorgonzola, a hearty dish.  The flavor tires you out after a while because its so overwhelmingly monotonously rich. It fits the bill for the perfect comfort meal, because of the creamy sauce and satisfying dumplings. 

 I dug into my cousins' dishes, which were penne locanda and penne telefono. The meatballs in the telefono were light and moist and crumbled easily under your fork, a great texture. The prosciutto was a little tough in the locanda. The sauces in both their dishes were delicious. I wish we had ordered 2 entrees rather than 3 for the 3 of us, because we were not able to finish our own entire entrees. 

Sotto is close to the heart of Philly, but in a way, is distanced from it as a quiet, nondescript restaurant (which I think is one of its strong points; its location is indeed one of the best things about the restaurant, and it has great decor) It's an awesome place to break bread in calm away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Definitely coming back again!
Of all the BYOs in the University City area, I have to say I was impressed by the quality of the food at Sotto. It was solid Italian food and for a relatively large group at 9:15 pm on a Saturday (10 people), they accommodated us well. Unfortunately, it was raining (typically Philly) when we arrived and so every time we opened the door (because there were 10 of us coming in at different intervals), the table right in front got a bit wet. 
As the other reviews have said, this place is small! You have to basically yell to hear the person next to you, I'm sure this is more common at night. 
Word to the wise - I would say not to order the Foccacia Paesana as my friend ordered this, while it was good, it was very dry. I could only have finished one slice without being parched.
Other then that, I don't think you'll be too disappointed!
My boyfriend and I went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner. Thankfully we made reservations because when we got there we were reserved the last table in the small space. 
The only reason I won't give 5 stars is because our table was awkwardly placed in the restaurant; we were squished against the window, which we felt the cold air coming through. And because it was so busy, the service was a little slow to ask us about drinks. But once we ordered, we didn't wait very long for our food (we both got Chicken Sorrentina- I highly recommend!) and our waiter was attentive despite the crowd. 
Sotto provided us with an awesome dinner. It's decor is very warm and inviting- just be sure to make reservations or avoid busy weekend nights.
By far one of the best hidden JEMS in Philadelphia! This will become one of those spots that you need to know the staff to eat there food.  Its so amazing, everything from the bronzino to the pizza, I have eaten there several times and every experience is AMAZING!! Will be back!
I have had the pleasure of dining at Sotto many times since its opening. Whether it be with family, friends or on a date, this hidden 5 star restaurant always exceeded expectations. The service is top notch and they are always extremely pleasant and willing to work around any restrictions you may have. Being able to bring your own bottle(s) of wine makes the meal even more enjoyable. I have dined at most of the top rated restaurants in the city and I guarantee Sotto will hold up to any of them. Order the gnocchi or full Branzino and I'm sure you will agree.
I'm hesitant to yelp about this Rittenhouse gem, only because it's a well kept secret and still has that truly neighborhood eatery feel.  This place is hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for, but IF you manage to find it and get a table, you're in for a treat! (If you're walking on walnut you gotta take stairs is my only hint!)  I love everything about this tiny place.  Service is impeccable and it's a place where Rittenhouse folk come to relax and dine with old friends and they stay awhile and enjoy themselves and you're never rushed to leave.  I love their grilled octopus and fried calamari apps and I'm also a sucker for their rotating specials.  However my other friends tend to all have their own consistent go tos.  This place is a BYO and it's been such a joy to be coming here over the past few years to watch the cork walls grow of all the bottles that have been opened there.  When people ask me for a truly local place that's off the beaten path of your Garces, Starr, Vetri lists for a reasonable price. This is ALWAYS my go to recommendation. Bonus tip! For those of you parking the lot diagonally across the street runs a $5-6 all night special if you park after 5pm if your parking situation gets desperate around Rittenhouse.
Spontaneously decided to go to Sotto tonight and was blown away by the food there. Its a small intimate dining room that is very unassuming, but each plate they brought out was amazing. We exclusively ordered off their specials, starting with eggplant parmesan which was perfect. So cheesy with excellently baked eggplant in a delicious tomato sauce. I ordered veal which came with large hunks of crab, grilled zucchini and other veggies on the side, and scalloped potatoes, all in an amazing white wine sauce. My partner got spinach linguini, with mussels and clams, cherry tomatoes, and roasted whole garlic. We were both making so much noise enjoying our food that our neighbors looked at us funny, but we had no regrets. The only thing that detracted from the meal was the bread, which was bland and over baked - I usually like it to be softer in the middle, and it would have been nice to have some flavored olive oil or butter with it, but eh, its just bread. The staff was attentive, attractive, and friendly. 

We will be back!
It's off the beaten path because it is on the lower level of 24th st. at Walnut.   What a great place.   Service was good.  The room very pleasent.  The menu is extensive and everything we had was truly delicious with lots of different, well balanced ingredients.   We had two starters, octopus and the artichoke.   Yum blended with mouth watering flavors and greens.   Also had a lovely salad.   Also perfectly balanced.   It's BYO.   Word to the wise, if you don't like the usual noise, get there early.
Sotto is a small restaurant yet relatively cute inside. That said, I had an experience which imo was unacceptable. It was quite simple really. I'm Gluten Free. We called ahead and asked if they were GF friendly. They guaranteed us that they were. Awesome! So we made a 6:00 reservation for dinner. 

Upon arriving late to our reservation (our bad), we ordered a few appetizers. We also asked what could be made Gluten Free. The waiter gave us the usual "we can substitute this, leave this out, etc". So far everything was fine. I ended up ordering a GF Veal Marsala which was supposed to come with potatoes. Once my meal arrived, I noticed there weren't any potatoes. Confused, I asked our waiter where my potatoes were. He ran back to the kitchen and asked. He quickly returned to me and said "our mashed potatoes have Gluten in it so we left them out". Again, I was confused. Why would mashed potatoes have Gluten in them? Either the were using some kind of fake potato mix, or the were adding flour to the potatoes (which seems odd) or they have no idea that potatoes don't contain gluten. Given that they claimed their mashed potatoes contained Gluten, I asked for a side of GF pasta as a substitution. The waiter told me that he could not do that unless I wanted to pay additional for them. This is where things started going wrong. 

First off, I don't mind paying $5 for a side. Cocktails in the city are often $15+ so this is not about the money. But when a restaurant says that they are Gluten Free friendly, that usually means they will make some substitutions for you. 

I was confused why the waiter couldn't replace a side of pasta for the potatoes which he claimed had Gluten in them. His rationale was "we have GF pasta as a side so we can't make that replacement for free". This made absolutely no sense to me and I asked to speak to the manager about it. The manager (or owner) quickly came to the table and said that he'd be happy to get me the GF pasta as a replacement but he would have to charge me for an extra side. He backed up the waiter and stood his ground. 


Honestly, this logic is so flawed and something I've never encountered anywhere before. When a patron has an allergy, restaurants usually substitute one thing for another. Or at least set the expectation up front that something willl be left out or there would be an up-charge. That said, the difference of giving someone pasta instead of potatoes is probably the difference if .50 cents. The fact that Sotto refused, is just bad customer service and suggests that they are absolutely clueless when it comes to running a GF friendly business.

I told the manager / owner that I didn't want the pasta and this incident alone was enough to make me never come back to his restaurant. I thanked him and said I won't be coming back.  

A few minutes later, the rest of our tables entrees came out. I noticed that none of the entrees had pasta or potatoes. We asked the waiter and he said "we left them off because you were Gluten Free". What?! Really? The entire table had their starch left off their dinners because I was GF? Again, a very flawed logic. We had to specifically request that everyone else get their starch. A few minutes later they brought a few sides of mashed potatoes. 10 minutes later they brought me a side of GF pasta. They didn't apologize for the confusion or anything to make the situation less frustrating. They simply placed the pasta next to me and walked away. 

All of that said, my veal was overlooked and had the consistency of leather. My fathers entree looked like an uninspired bowl of kids spaghetti. The Branzino that my mom and wife had were decent. The apps were also good. 

Overall, Philadelphia has hundreds, if not thousands, of restaurants. Sotto is a cute little mom and pop style place but they clearly need to up their game. Their customer service and general awareness of GF standards are non-existent. The fact that they allowed a bowl of pasta to ruin our evening and experience shows that they are "penny wise and dollar foolish". I won't return to Sotto.
Sotto is a bit difficult to find as you have to go down a bridge in order to find the entrance (which is actually itself tucked under the bridge). I came here on a Wednesday night at 6 pm and was a little concerned when no one was around, but slowly people started to trickle in, some with reservations and some without. I ordered one of the pizzas and thought it was pretty good for a gourmet pizza, but I do think that I paid a little bit more than what the food was worth. That being said, the pizza seemed to be bigger than the 10" it was advertised as because I had some left over to take back home. The restaurant is BYOB, but definitely higher end than a classic happy hour place in Philadelphia.
Delicious! I've dined here a couple of times and I haven't been disappointed. Some may complain that it's BYOB but that doesn't take away from the fresh pastas, meats, and salads served here. I recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a good, hearty meal.
I like this place a lot. Tonight was maybe my 6th or 7th time over the years, but it's been a while.

The branzino was delicious, and they filet it for you. 
Wife's rigatoni telefono was great. 
Our friend ordered the lamb: looks great.

Some tips: 
- bring your own wine. 
- Bring a cardigan or sweatshirt, because it's a small space, and when someone opens the door, the wind gets in. It's that season. 
Tonight, a girl actually held the door open while looking for someone outside. She's probably a member of the elite '17 here but damn, she has no manners.
- Bring a wife who tends not to be able to finish entrees, so you can have branzino AND rigatoni.
Our second visit. Everything has been great. Mussels, octopus, branzino, spinach, broccli rabe, pasta special (vodka sauce with seafood), linguine with pomodoro and meatballs, the cannoli... everything has been top notch. We can walk here for dinner so it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Service has been prompt, friendly and intimate. Noise level is fine. Unassuming and perfectly prepared food.  We loved it and we will be back.
I WISH I could give this place 10 stars. Me and my boyfriend went tonight and it was delicious. I got the special, lobster ravioli (get it if they have it, if u don't like it I'll pick up your tab. That's how good it is) and he got the veal Marsala, also sooooo f****** good. We went during outside dining only, and there was a massive thunderstorm 20 min after we sat down. Luckily we sat under the bridge, which was so convenient and super cool. The service was soooo amazing. The server was so interesting and seemed like he loved talking to us. The whole interaction, meal, setting, and service was so genuine. We will be returning very soon
What a cute little Italian eatery off the beaten path. I've had this place saved in my collections for a while, but haven't had the opportunity to go. The restaurant is tinyyy which I wasn't expecting. I would highly suggest making a reservation and the earlier the better. I was able to get in on a Saturday night because someone canceled. The service is absolutely excellent, our water glasses were constantly refilled and the waiter checked up on us the appropriate amount of times. Now the food is why I decided to give 3 stars. I ordered the Bow Tie Delizia which overall was ok. I found it to be a bit bland, maybe more salt needed and my shrimp were very hard to cut into which meant they were overcooked. My other friend ordered the chicken parm and she echoed the same sentiments regarding the lack of flavor and added her own salt.  The food honestly didn't blow me away so I doubt I would return, but it's a least worth a visit.
3.494 Stars, because if I give it 3.5 Stars, it get's rounded to 4, which is aggressive.

Let me start off by saying that I do like Sotto. It's a small, local, hidden (Literally) gem.

It's hard to find since Google does not locate it correctly. Instead of it being on Walnut Street by 24th, it's actually (Duh, according to the address) on 24th Street under the Walnut Street bridge. There are stairs there so it's not a big deal.......except I have only gone while it's raining!!

Once you walk inside you realize how small this place is - I Love it!!! It's not a [Stephen] Starr(ish) restaurant that's large and in charge. Instead, it's a quaint, bustling restaurant where the conversation is loud and the staff are hustling. It may or may not be your thing. Just sit back and relax, though. 

Did I mention that it's also a BYOB? Yea, it is. 

I've had some hit or miss meals here, but honestly, I don't go to Sotto for mind blowing fare. I go for the atmosphere, which is why I give them a 3.494 stars.

The first time I went, the chicken parm was huge! Thick, long and juicy. Honestly, it was the best chicken parm (They call it something else) I have ever had. The second time, thin, long and dry. Oh well. 

We have also ordered the Tomato and Mozz, which was standard; fried calamari, which was really good; roasted peppers, which was standard; Penne alla vodka (Maybe called something else?), which was standard, Caesar Salad, which was the worst salad I have ever had (I think the chef made a mistake here (it was all egg yoke and mustard/vinegar and that's all); and all of the specials for that meal, which were really good. 

Since the food is standard to really good, why 3 stars? Well, nothing is mind-blowingly good (As in the best dish in the world) so that knocks us down to 4 stars. The two guys working the floor HUSTLE. Although that plays to the charm (Which I love), it doesn't get any points in the service column. I have sat for 20+ minutes waiting for my change. However, being that it's a small place, I didn't mind too much. Since the food was average (As a whole) and the service lacked [a bit] I thing 3.494 stars is fair. It's not vetri but neither is the price.

Go, sip on some wine and relax - you'll enjoy yourself!
This place had very nice outdoor seating. While the area was a little odd (under the bridge) the outdoor seating was nice with a large mural as a backdrop. If I could rate it just on service, I would give it 20 stars. Our server was so attentive and kind. Food arrived in a timely manner and all of the dishes were extremely tasty. The pasta was great and I look forward to returning soon. It's also nice since it's a BYOB.
Got the seafood fettucine special of the night and was delighted by how delicious the hand cut noodles were. I've never been a big fan of Italian food but this place tucked underneath "the bridge" has changed my mind. Waiter was attentive and very helpful when it came to dishes. Ambience was cozy and never got too loud since it was a relatively small place--make dinner reservations on weekends!

Definitely coming back again for a dinner date.
My wife and I recently went to Sotto restaurant. We were very impressed with the octopus which was grilled and had a great char and smoky taste.  both of our entrées were delicious, we ordered the branzino and the chicken Parmesan we would highly recommend coming to this restaurant because it is BYOB and the wait staff is very attentive.
Solid place for quality Italian-American food under the Walnut St bridge. It's in a pretty sparsely-trafficked location but is close to the Schuylkill River trail so is convenient for having a walk along the river before or after a meal.

The food is decent, all the dishes are quite standard Italian-American fare, nothing over the top or particularly extraordinary. They have gluten-free options for pasta which tasted quite good. Friendly service and outdoor seating too although there's a fair amount of noise outside from the bridge but it also provides cover if it rains. Overall recommend, it's a quality food and a positive experience.
Another Yelp score or I wouldn't have even known it existed.  It's a really small BYOB seating about 30 people and boy is out of the way.  With the one way streets and construction in the area it's a slight chore to get to.

Stopped in for lunch on Friday about 1pm.  Only two tables open so I would definitely suggest reservations.  First the good.  The olive oil on the table was great for bread dipping.  I asked for some pepper flakes and cheese and it was brought right over.  Very good fresh bread.

Ordered Chicken Parm with Pappardelle and red sauce.  Pappardelle and sauce were excellent.  Chicken not so much.  Hope I'm wrong but tasted like pre breaded you would get frozen from a supplier.  Wasn't bad though and cut up with that great sauce and pasta I really didn't care.  Will try something different next time.  Wife ordered Bolognese spaghetti pasta and asked if they could substitute a different type of pasta. They did with no problem.  Great service. She liked it a lot. Coffee was $2.50 with no charge for refills.

It was cold out yesterday and we were seated by the from door.  No real problem except for the fact that some of the restaurant employees kept coming and going to take breaks outside.  Made it a little uncomfortable especially with the door shutting loudly each time someone came or went.  Don't sit by the door.  

Parking across the street was a little steep at $20 for 90 minutes.

We'll try again.
Our experience at Sotto was underwhelming considering the food was pretty good. Despite having a reservation, we had to stand for 30 minutes in the cold to sit at our table. When we finally sat, it was on a foldable Grey table that didn't even have a table cloth. We had to ask multiple times for bread and water and service was extremely slow. The food itself was good, especially the chicken Marsala, but overall the food was not worth the headache.
Don't go here! ( JK I just don't want to not be able to get in....best Italian in all of philly...!!!) literally the best Italian in all philly. It's BYOB as well. Ambiance is so cute and I love that it's in an area where one would not expect an amazing restaurant would be. The staff is also incredible and so kind. 


Tonight I had the grilled octopus salad for dinner and a side of the rigatoni alla vodka. YUM. My mom got the Chicken Saltimbocca with a side of rigatoni with sauce. 

When you come here you can safely mangia
A nice quaint restaurant on a small street... I came here for lunch... The service was good, especially considering that I dined here when there was a large party... I saw several items on the menu that I wanted to try but in the interest of time I ordered the Gorgonzola Salad and added chicken; it was good. I'll definitely come back as I would like to try more dishes. Also, the food is reasonably priced.

I almost forgot to note that I really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and the soft Italian music that played - very nice touch!
