I was sold when the congenial man behind the counter said, "the turkey chili has a little tequila in it, but not enough to get you drunk." I'll take it! Match that action with the herb chicken salad sandwich and there completes my half soup, half sandwich, whole beast of a petite lunch.

As I brought my brown-bagged kill home, I delighted the whole way about how quaint that little Fishtown treasure is. Ample room for those work/study people and even a cozy couch with a coffee table for Sunday morning newspaper readers. 

If you're wandering the hood in search of all things hearty and homemade, look no further than Soup Kitchen. A great name, by the way.
OMG amazing food but THE MOST UNUSUAL CONVERSATIONS are surrounding me. A grown man at the table next to us is describing, in detail, the wart on his hand. The gal next to us spent an hour proudly talking about some girl who had sex so hard that she went to the emergency room. 
Service: solid.
Food: yum.
Bloody Mary:perfect.
Come For the soup, Stay for the exhilarating conversation.
Met a friend for lunch at Soup Kitchen and enjoyed my experience. The space was larger than expected, with plenty of tables for what is probably a light lunch crowd, given the less-busy neighborhood. While I'd love to try the meatloaf sandwich sometime, both of us opted for the shakshuka. It's basically a vegetarian chili with two over easy eggs and some feta cheese. It's spicy and delicious, served with a piece of toasted French bread. 

Service was really relaxed; we had to sort of grab someone from time to time if we needed anything, but it wasn't a big deal. I will definitely come back sometime... and I may even go out of my way for another bowl of that shakshuka!
Wowza! Very seldom does a simple lunch leave me beaming for the rest of the day. Like a first kiss, it was playing over and over again in my head. Dramatic, but true. Soup Kitchen Cafe is my new favorite lunch spot, with ample parking to boot.

Soups and new dishes are listed on chalkboards, neatly stenciled with colored chalk. The menu is available at the front counter.

Food: A carefully thought out menu, and the price is right! You can get half a sandwich and cup of soup for $8.50; I got the spicy watermelon gazpacho, and it uh-mazing! Chilled and refreshing. Served with drizzled olive oil and garnished with dill. There was just enough heat (spice) to leave a subtle, smoldering burn in the back of your throat. The slight, sweet watermelon notes balanced well with it's tomato base, and was absolutely delectable; I couldn't stop eating it.

I got the homemade meatloaf sandwich (Smoked bacon, aged white cheddar, and tomato-thyme mayo on a baguette), a true gazpacho sidekick; I've added a photo of this beaut for visual aid. Holy shnikeys! The bread was fresh and soft, yet still substantial. The meatloaf was moist and filled the bread to the edges; all the flavors worked in a perfect symphony to yield perhaps, the perfect sandwich. I really admire their attention to detail and delicately balanced flavors.

Breakfast sandwiches look great. Sides look delicious and range from $2-4. I have my eye on the mac n' cheese (aged chedder and gruyere).

Their Cucumber Lemonade is THE BOMB!! So delicious and refreshing! No soda fountains here; awesome! They offer yummy coffee/iced coffee and also a vanilla chai milkshake that I will surely try at a later date.

Decor: modern, hipster, trendy, charming are all ways to describe this place. Teal and brown walls, modern pieces, local hipster art, Motobecane (1-cylinder) motorcycle which oddly, doesn't look out of place...it's a really nice area to chill out. Couches and comfy chairs are also readily available for your buns.

Super Plus: The sincerely polite manager/server (owner maybe?) personally came to our table to apologize for some bothersome flies; he explained that hurricane Irene had taken out their AC a few days previous and they had to have the doors open for a couple days. Their service is unmatched in my book.

Will I go back? You bet your sweet a** I will! Already anxiously waiting my next visit.

*You can call ahead and order.

**I also overheard them saying that they will be doing dinner soon. Can't wait to see what tasty morsels they'll be whipping up for that!
This place is so damn quaint that it is impossible not to love.

As if meatloaf wasn't great enough on its own, Soup Kitchen Cafe tops it with bacon and then throws it in a sandwich. It is delicious.

Their soups taste like pure "give-a-damn-about-quality."

They seem to offer some really tasty looking dessert options that I will return for.
Dear Meatloaf Sandwich,

My mouth waters for you daily. You are my favorite sandwich. I wish I could have you all the time, but I have to be reasonable. Don't ever change.

Sincerely,
Your Secret Admirer

(If you didn't get it, everyone should try the sandwich.)
Soup kitchen rules! I highly suggest the Mac n cheese with pulled pork :) good coffee too.
The combination of rude staff and overpriced food ensures that I have made my last trip to Soup Kitchen. The staffs attitude is poor. I can't justify paying nearly $7 for a bagel and coffee, especially when I am ignored by the staff, and scoffed at when I mention that they raised their prices with no warning. They recently started charging an extra dollar for in-house coffee refills, which jacked my bill up. I don't know of another place that has such a policy. When I expressed my mild surprise at my heightened bill, the girl at the register gave me a reply loaded with attitude. I have consciously chosen against going here in the past because I feel queasy giving my money to such rude people, which is a bummer considering that I enjoy their food. 

I think it's worth mentioning how distasteful their name is, considering that they're at the forefront of gentrification. I have had many a friend put off by their inconsiderate name. Any diner would have a better experience walking a block or two over to Ida Mae's Bruncherie.
I've known about Soup Kitchen being open for a while now, and I drive by it every day on my way to work. Today my husband and I finally made it out, and it was DE.LISH!

We went around noon, and it was difficult for me to decide if I wanted to go the breakfast or the lunch route...so I took a different path: dessert! I got the brownie batter waffle, which is exactly what it sounds like, served with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and fudge. It was mind blowing. Seriously. The waffle was so soft and not at all like I imagined the texture to be. I thought it'd be a lot "heavier" but it really wasn't. This dish could get you into trouble...

My husband went the lunch route. He got the soup and "half" a sandwich. The soup was sausage and bean, which was perfectly seasoned and had just the right amount of heat to it. He ordered the meatloaf sandwich, and as soon as he saw it he said, "THAT'S A HALF A SANDWICH!?" It was definitely enough to fill you up. The sandwich came with cheese and bacon, but the real highlight was, of course, the meatloaf. It was soooo juicy and definitely not like your mother's meatloaf.

We also had to get a side of macaroni and cheese, because I read on here that it was a winner. Whoever wrote that review was right. The gruyere cheese was the perfect choice - and I like that they're not shy with the pepper.

Another highlight: the cucumber lemonade. It takes a lot of sweat to churn out one of these bad boys, but I thank the staff for doing so, because it was SUPER refreshing. Don't worry, the lemon doesn't get lost with the cucumber, it only gets enhanced. I'm going to have to get that drink again.

Things I want to try: their house breakfast sandwich. I can't remember exactly what's in it, but I know for certain that it includes asparagus and some type of meat that resembled prosciutto. It looked great, and I think it's served on an everything bagel (my favorite). Also: the chai milkshake. Need I say more about why I want to try that?

Anyway, this place is a gem. The inside is really comfortable and has a lot more seating than you'd expect from looking at it outside. The prices are definitely reasonable and the food is quite creative. Also, it's probably only a short walk from where you live! Check it out!!
Holy $#!@ this place is good!  Try the Tomato Basil soup...the best!  Also, this is the best egg and cheese ever.  It seems they use a high end Vermont Cheddar and pair it with perfectly cooked eggs on a fantastic brioche.  The coffee is excellent and everyone from the owner to the staff are really nice and helpful.  This is a great neighborhood cafe in Fishtown.  I highly recommend...and will be back often!
Excellent sandwiches that by all standards, could be considered gourmet haute cuisine.

Had the pulled pork and it is delicious.  Tender and juicy pulled pork, served with apple, red cabbage and a light jalepeno mayo sauce.  All nicely balanced, with multiple textures and tastes, and served a fresh, delicious bun.  

Its listed as having a Carolina BBQ sauce, but I found it more or less in name of a more vinegar-based sauce (as it wasn't listed as Western, Eastern North Carolina (which vary in the amount of tomato used) or even South Carolina (as it doesn't have mustard).   

The soup was a Watermelon Gezpacho.  Excellent.  Great texture and length as it finishes with a nice kick at the end.  Really great on a hot day.

Pretty impressed for a first visit.
Soup Kitchen Cafe is a neighborhood (and city) gem. It's not just soup - the menu is thoughtful and creative. The food preparation is excellent. Everything I've ever eaten there (and that's many times) has been delicious. I've brought many friends for their first (not last) visit and they all loved it too. The staff is attentive and helpful. Extra credit for pickled green tomatoes on the grilled cheese! Keep doing what you're doing.
In the most non sexual way, I have feelings towards the tomato basil soup. THE BEST THING EVER. Sandwiches, amazing. Beer, thank you Jesus. Now if I could just get them to deliver to my house ... Hmmmmm. LOVE!
Decent food, but the service ruined this for me.  Every time we asked for anything, our server rolled her eyes.  This is also just...not a good name for a restaurant.  Especially considering the fact that it borders a neighborhood with huge food insecurity, it's actually pretty offensive.   

The coffee was also burnt and tasted terrible.
I had a chance to go here after work for a very late lunch and I really dug this place. The cafe has a real relaxing atmosphere with some good alternative/indie music playing in the background. The waitress was a real sweet heart and incredibly friendly. I ordered goat cheese sandwich and it really hit the spot with a cup of coffee. Next time I will have to try their soups!
Give this place a try, it's not just limited to soup. They have great coffee and amazing croissants for breakfast, and for lunch I had the meatloaf sandwich which was awesome! Next time I am going to try one of their soups. Their menu is very creative, constantly changing, and everything is fresh!
I've already been there a few times and honestly, for what it is, it's superb!  It's such a hidden gem that you wouldn't know it's there unless you're looking for it. First off there's bike parking AND plenty of street parking- never a problem. You walk in and it's more like a mid sized coffee shop than a sit down restaurant (which is why they call themselves a cafe!). There's a comfy couch and a great selection of bottled and canned beers. There's always just one or two servers but that's plenty becAuse it's cozy and comfy there. The chefs are in the back and they're very inviting and friendly. The food is surprisingly amazing. It's cafe food but more delicious and unique. I've had the three cheese grilled cheese which is incredibly ooey and gooey. The white bean chicken chili is soul changing as is the chicken lemon soup. My boyfriend has had the BBLT and says it's perfect. The Mac and cheese (the small serving, any bigger will fill me for days) is something out of dreams. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious according to my boyfriend. Every time we come here we are pleasantly surprised. I haven't yet had any coffee items or hot drinks but I can't wait to try them! Basically, if you like comfort food this is your spot! And don't be alarmed by a short menu, you can't go wrong!
Ben and Keesa are super friendly, and they have a great menu. A great option for a quick bite or more in a cheery place.
Omg my bestfriend told me about this place that's right down the street from him & I love it ! The vibes are great, prices are reasonable & the staff is so chill. 

It's fairly small but has seating room & on a hot day the air conditioning is such a nice added bonus for a mom & pop shop. It has the vibes of a coffee shop but with a full bar and great food! I mean can it get any better ??!!! Hahaha 

Simple menu & great drinks. Mimosas are $6 and their vegan grilled cheese is amazinggg!!! They also sell soups & other sandwiches which you can pair & do half soup/half sandwich! They definitely have Vegan/Vegetarian  options & have a full bar. 

They sell coffee & if you check in with yelp they will honor the free coffee offer. I love this cute quaint little shop with great food & drinks. I'll see be back soon to enjoy their mimosas and brunch !
By far the best grilled cheese I have ever eaten. Phenomenal! Optional pickled tomatoes on said sandwich should be mandatory. They're perfection. 

Cucumber lemonade, macaroni and cheese, and every soup I've eaten have also been quite delish. 

The goat cheese sandwich was the only disappointment I've encountered here, and really that's probably just because of my tastes. I did once have a fig and goat cheese sandwich that blew away the current menu offering. Hint hint. 

I do wish they'd sell little bags of chips to go with the sandwiches. I am a firm believer that ever sandwich should be served with a pickle and chips. 

Expect to wait a bit for your food because they take their time, but it's worth the wait.
As a kid, I hated meatloaf - and I'm pretty sure the "YUCKY" my parents endured echoed throughout households in the midwest as similarly difficult youngsters declared their utter distaste for that mashed together meat product. 

...18 years later, I think I'm finally okay with meatloaf thanks to the Soup Kitchen Cafe...where meatloaf is moist, juicy and topped with deliciously greasy strips of bacon...all of this, of course, is served between halves of a soft baguette. 

Oh, and anyone can appreciate the irony of having a half meatloaf bacon sandwich served with a thick carrot ginger soup (that I'll assume is vegan other than that swirl of sour cream). Lots of purred carrots (GOUT AVOIDED!) get you your Vitamin A while the ginger offers a slight cleansing aura so as not to overpower the principle vegetable, only to enhance its flavor.
Hey girl at the counter .... thanks for being that A - typical hipster snot. You're doing a great job misunderstanding simple orders. Keep up the good work as a snarky waste of money. I hope you enjoy speaking poorly about me for the rest of your shift. And as a life lesson, when someone says "thank you", the response is, "you're welcone" .. not "yup" ... don't worry, the irony of my tone is not lost on me.  I decided to live vicariously through you.
I was really hoping to hate Soup Kitchen Cafe on principle - it's in Fishtown, people who wear ironic glasses love it, etc. The food, however, did not disappoint.

I went on a weekday afternoon on a nice day which really lends itself to the decor - big windows make a really nice brightly lit atmosphere. The decor is a hair on the ikea side but nice and simple. 

The food is what you would expect of a place like this - pulled pork, salad with goat cheese, and other "cool" things that every other place in Philadelphia has. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich. It was very good - served on a crusty baguette with thick cut bacon (referred to on the menu as "smoked bacon" - aka bacon bacon?) and cheese. The meatloaf was great, cooked well, and I enjoyed the sandwich very much. The side of chickpea salad was not memorable.

Service was quick and friendly. Right now, they offer a free coffee with a yelp check-in which I enjoyed and appreciated. Would definitely go back for lunch if I was in the neighborhood.
So I am a new frequent to Fishtown these days.

I was surprised it was a BYOB so we got a 6-pack of PPA. I got the half soup and sandwich, Watermelon Gazpacho [to die for]. It is the most refreshing thing ever u can possibly have in a hot summer day. The chicken salad sandwich was pretty good, but not sure if i would order it again. I tried my friends chickpea chorizo soup, it was so goood, too bad i dont eat pork, almost made me do it!

Our server was super nice and helpful, and the decor of the cafe really makes me feel like i'm in my own living room [since my house is nothing but shades of grey].  I honestly can't find anything to complain about...

Very good vegan and vegetarian options, I really appreciated the fact everyting was healthy and din't make me feel sick. Really looking forward to trying out their other soups! They have recently started carrying Darling's cheesecakes which will leave you speechless, so ask for it!

I can't believe I forgot to take a picture! I guess my date was that adorable and funny :|
So so delicious! Try the walnut pesto sandwich or any of the soups. I've always loved what I got and so have the friends I have gone with. ThEy now offer table service which is nice and they have Cholula! Only complaint is the lighting - kind of bright but they are working on it. Go here!!!!
Delicious tomato basil!!!!!!! Shakshuka is yum and hearty as well. White bean chili was scrumptious and so was meatloaf sandwich.

Definitely coming back for more.
This place is single-handedly making me reconsider moving out of Fishtown. Living across the street from Soup Kitchen is dangerous...

In the past I've had the asparagus prosciutto breakfast sandwich (so-so), the lemon goat cheese sandwich (better than so-so), and pulled pork sandwich (killer).

Today rocked my world: they featured a tomato meatball soup which blew my mind: nice big noodles, plenty of parmesan...uhh so good. Had that with half of their crabcake sandwich for $8.50. What? Amazing. 

Other things that make this place great: the owner and staff are very friendly and sweet, they allow dogs, and it's also kind of a lounge-y cafe where you can bring a computer and just sip on their awesome cucumber lemonade.

This is such a sweet little place, and they just extended their hours til 7 Monday through Friday so go check it out!
Soup Kitchen Cafe is consistently good, has friendly service, and an awesome rotating selection of soups. I particularly love their tomato basil and usually order it with grilled cheese and pickled green tomatoes. That's exactly what I had today and it was perfect. I also love their meatloaf, that fresh, tasty side of chickpeas they give you, the tomato basil and burrata sandwich, their amazing coffee...I could go on and on. I have never had a bad meal here-in fact, it's yummy every time. My only complaint is that I wish they were open later so I could go there for dinner, too!
The meatloaf is fantastic and deserves the commendations, but the beef short rib is delish, as well.  It is served on a toasted, soft brioche roll with a sharp white cheddar and garlic spread.  The meat is well-seasoned and tender.  I got the soup and half sandwich combo with the meatball soup (it's basically the meatloaf sandwich in tomato-esque soup form aka YUM).  Top it off with a griddled brownie (brownie a la mode) and you have a winning comfort meal.  Perfect for those cold days when you want something warm, satisfying, and yes, artery-clogging.  The place itself is so whimsical and cute, too.
The meatloaf sandwich is so awesome your face will melt like the Germans at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark.  It made Chuck Norris cry.  A YouTube video of it has more views than Gangnam Style.  My wife has agreed to name our firstborn "Meatloaf" in honor of this sandwich.  Eating one will turn an atheist into a believer instantaneously and it will wash you clean of your sins.  It cures opiate addictions.  If Mitt Romney ate one he'd win the election.  There is a tribe in the Indonesian mountains that worships it as a God, and I'm not entirely sure they're not onto something.
Lived nearby since this establishment had opened about a year ago.  We've heard about it but never followed through until today to try it out.  And I'll tell you, our frequency of visiting is about to change dramatically upward!  This place is amazing, exactly what the neighborhood needs!

I decided to go with the half sandwich and soup of the day option... Pulled pork sandwich and black bean soup, both of which were incredible.  And not only that, the coffee was really good too, something I normally wouldn't say about this type of place (I'm a huge coffee snob).  After talking with the general manager, it seems hours will be increasing for this spot, which is great news as they close at 4 on weeknights and I'm not back until 5:30 from work.  He did inform me they are open on weekends though, so I'll be sure to visit then until hours increase for the weekdays.

All in all, highly recommend (they also have free wifi, a nice perk.).  Other reviewers have commented on food being expensive, I beg to differ.  Cost isn't that much more than other spots near by and quality is above most of them, so I think it's really a bargain for what you get.  Go here!
This embodies what I wish every lunch spot was; simple, quaint, and delicious. 
As the name would suggest, their soup is kickass. I had the cauliflower kale soup and it was so delicious.  With that I also had a bltt sandwich...I forget what all the letters stand for but i do remember it included bacon and was quite tasty. My only complaint was that the service was a little spotty. I can't imagine that I was the first person to ever ask if we seat ourselves, but I sure felt like it!
My husband surprised me last night with a surprise b-day party here and it was fantastic! Ben and Brian were excellent hosts and chefs. We thoroughly enjoyed the chickpea salad, sharp cheddar mac & cheese, smoked chicken, ribs and pork sandwiches. My family (who lives in the 'burbs) would never have ventured here if it weren't for this party and now I have a feeling they'll want to return ASAP. The chicken fell off the bone, it was so well-smoked and juicy. It must have taken hours, but it was well worth it. I've been here before for their soups and drinks and those are always delicious, too. It's so nice living just a few blocks from this place.
Great cafe. The soups are awesome and the sandwiches delicious!!! In my opinion it has the best food in the area.
This place is really "as good as it gets!"

The soups' flavors are concentrated, but naturally balanced on so many levels, it makes me wonder how they achieve such robustness in each one - especially those marked (V). The Shakshuka is no different, with a nice combination of roasted red peppers and feta crumbles, it makes you completely forget that what you're eating is basically a bowl of marinara.

The breakfast sandwiches are divine, as are the lunch options, everything is made with such care and attention, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I'm so fortunate to have Soup Kitchen right around the corner!
My absolute favorite establishment in the Kensington/Fishtown area.  Great food and Great service! The staff at the soup kitchen make me feel  welcome every time I walk in.  I highly recommend the half sandwich and soup option on the menu. I often build my own breakfast sandwich. Even if you don't need something to eat, drop by and grab a delicious cucumber lemonade, especially now that the weather is heating back up again. Cheers.
I love this little neighborhood spot. My hubby and I go here for dinner at least once a week. Their food is freshly prepared and they have some amazing options. Their pulled pork mac n cheese is by far the best I've ever had (and I'm a mac n cheese snob). Going to the healthier side,  the chick pea salad is delish. I've had the crab cake sandwich which is good too. The soups are incredible! My favorite is the tomato basil, which they carry on a daily basis. I hope this place stays around because its a great addition to the Fishtown neighborhood.
Great coffee, food made to order.

Best egg sandwich in Fishtown.  Choice of lot's for rolls, cheeses etc...  Wifi and plenty of seats.
I am so glad I live near this place.

Went in out of curiosity & I ordered the veggie burger. I always feel the need to try everyone's veggie burgers...as it's a difficult item to get right...and oh my...they got it right. I can't even explain. Just go get it.
Great neighborhood spot. Have to admit I was a little skeptical at first, didn't appear to have the charm of other local coffee/breakfast/lunch spots, but once you walk in that changes. Ben and Brian are dedicated to making sure you have a good experience, the love for their food and business shows, and is fairly contagious. As a customer you want them to be successful so it doesn't hurt that what they're cooking is amazing. So far I've had a few of the red pepper soup, the veggie burger and the crab cake, all have been delicious. The veggie burger had a ton of flavor and wasn't all filler, and same goes for the crab cake! Oh, and I snuck a bite of a friends pulled pork, will have to get it next time! This being my first winter in the area I'm looking forward to all of the soups to come. mmmmmm.
My new favorite study spot! Relaxed, clean, comfy environment, nice baristas, great coffee (in huge mugs), and substantial food. They still seem to be working out some details with paying upfront or paying after (i vote upfront. it's more casual.) Huge windows give a great view and natural light - somehow this makes reading boring textbooks incredibly pleasant. The clientele seem really low-key, too - it's nice to not be distracted by people being so raucous, like at Rocket Cat.

I've had the shakshuka twice and it's such a good breakfast. A good, hearty meal for a cold morning. The second time I had it, my friend asked for it vegan, and he liked it that way, too. I sort of feel like it would have been a nice touch for his to have had a dollar or two knocked off the price, though. All of the expensive ingredients (eggs and crumbly goat cheese) were just left out, and even less prep work was required. $8 seems kind of expensive for a simple veggie soup. But that's my only slight complaint, and I'm not even vegan. (Mmm...cheese.)

I have a feeling that the coffee and sandwiches at this place are going to fuel my thesis paper. Such a convenient location right off of Frankford. I'll be back, a ton...even after I escape from grad school.
I have been here 3 times now and it gets better everytime.  

Great egg and cheese.  They serve it on Brioche with aged cheddar, which I love. My wife adds Avocado and fresh Tomato and also loves it.  I never thought a $4 E&C sandwich would be gourmet but soup kitchen has figured it out. 

The owner and staff are super friendly!  Oh yea the tomato basil soup is the best ever!  Coffee and Chai Tea are very good.  

I wish they offered Splenda instead of the more chemical Sweet n Low.  Although the simple syrup is nice and tasty ...just not into all that sugar.  Either way I am hooked!
I frequent this spot with my co-workers on weekends. I always go with the BBLT (buratta bacon lettuce tomato). Best version of the BLT you'll ever have. Comes with a small chick pea salad which I like a lot. I also like the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The coffee is excellent too.
Cute and quaint!!! I had the most delicious tomato basil soup with grilled cheese. Very affordable. Took a star off because I had to ask for simple things like straws and it took a little while. However, that minor hiccup won't stop me from coming back
I had some time to kill while my pup was getting beautified at Groove Hound.  We rolled in around 10am and were the only table in the place.  Our server was great and the cook peeked out to ask how we liked our food (very much thanks!).  I guess I was feeling boring because I went with a simple egg & cheese on brioche.  Despite it's simplicity, the sandwich was really tasty. The egg was seasoned well and arranged neatly on the bun.  I cannot stand when I pick up a sandwich and it falls apart, or egg bits fall out all over the place.  That is definitely not the case here; nice presentation.  I also had a cappuccino which was served in a big tall mug.  I like to drink lots of coffee, so that was a plus.  

I'd like to come back for lunch some time to sample the delicious sounding soups & sandwiches. They have a lot of cool artwork around the place.  My boyfriend commented on one really interesting painting and we were informed that the artist will be showing there this Friday for 1st Friday. Thanks to our server for the heads up! I sometimes forget that 1st Friday extends beyond Olde City.
This place is really really good; a fab addition to the area.  That main cook is has great potential for doing something bigger.  All those fancy chefs in Philly (Jose Garces, are you noticing?) need to be looking at this guy to add him to thier payroll.  He knows how to put flavors together!
I love this place. I come here whenever I'm in the area, which is usually at off times, and I'm glad to know that I'm not the only one who knows it.

The prices are crazy low for the quality of food that they serve. The soups are consistently beautiful and satisfying, and the sandwiches are so artfully done. The bagel with lox is just the right balance of salty, spicy and a teeny bit sweet, and a steal at $6.50. The crab cake would be right at home at a fancy restaurant. The BBLT is definitely a cut above.

That's the funny thing about this place--it's got a bit of split personality. Foodie cafe? Dive coffee shop? Can you go here for a first date? Between the mix of seating options, the casual (excellent) music, the artisanal food, and the really low prices, I'm not sure where to put it on the radar. But if you want a great meal that's easy on the eyes and won't hurt you in the wallet, you might find your way here again and again.
GOSH, this place NEVER disappoints. I mean I've only been here twice now, but I would go here every week if I lived near here. Today, I tried something new: their bagel+lox. I've never tried bagel with lox, because I was always afraid that raw fish and cheese could end up to be a bad experience anywhere else, but here, I was ready! After the first bite, I was left speechless with how amazing it tasted. 

On the side, I got the tomato basil soup again (this time with baguette, but hardly touched it) and it tasted just as heavenly as the first time. I would've eaten more of the baguette--it was warm and toasty--but it was too much bread for me with the bagel already. The arugula salad was THE aesthetic of the entire table, but much too sour for my taste. Still enjoyed it though. 

Seriously, I can't get enough of this place!
I love this place! Great great soups and sandwiches, great breakfast. What I've had so far and loved - Beet and goat cheese sandwich, watermelon gazpacho, and shakshouka. The half and half deal is great. Very casual atmosphere, doesn't make you feel awkward if you're eating by yourself but at the same time would be good for a date or family gathering (would probably need a reservation for a group, though). Outdoor seating in good weather. Will be back!
I have to bump it up a star for the great vibe, and the care they put into the food. The short rib sloppy joe is some next level ish. Plenty of pickles and some shaved carrot. Oh hell yes. Don't sleep on the soups either. The 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich combo is where it's at. 

Meatloaf sandwiches with bacon are another of the highlights. Obviously.
Went here for a quick meal on a Sunday afternoon. The staff was super nice and our food was delicious. I was with a few friends so everyone got something different. Their espresso is actually pretty good and the house- made crabcake sandwich was the best I've ever had. Anywhere. Go!
I feel bad about the 2-stars because the food here is some of the best in the city for quick, good-quality breakfast/lunch options, and I've been going here sine they opened a few years ago.  But overall the service is very inconsistent and falls into the classic trend of "hipster service", which is to say a few unprofessional, inexperienced, and utterly disinterested servers are hired and customers seem to just deal with it.

There is really only 1 bad server, and everyone else works pretty well, but the one girl with horn-rimmed glasses is the absolute worst server I've ever experienced, and how she is still employed is beyond my powers of reasoning...other than to acknowledge that the new transplants into the neighborhood are so charmed by seemingly hip, insubstantial things that they just put up with it as 'de rigur' to living there...But coming from the restaurant industry in a time where effort and ability still seemed to matter more than quirky outfits and tattoos, I can't accept it from this place anymore.  It's novelty has never charmed me.

The food is truly 5-stars, and if I were the "chef" or a cook here, I would throw a soap party to make sure that drooling moron washes the f*ck out and stops ruining everyone's experience of my hard work.

From now on it's take-out only for me from this place.
*update!  Ive been going back to Soup Kitchen for lunch and breakfast several times since it first opened and it's been getting even better as time goes by.  Great place!
You can tell the owner of the Soup Kitchen isn't cut from the cloth as some industry folk without even stepping into his shop. A trip to the web site isn't full of detours lauding their commitment to fresh produce, or a 30 second flash intro of iStock photos of Italy before an unsolicited .mp3 crackles through your speakers to fight for audio space with your Pandora station. No, SK differs greatly from the .pdf menu crowd. Their .com leads only to their menu, hours, and location. Shocking, isn't it? If only the Starrs and Garces could follow this lead, instead of doing their best impression of this: http://lobsterdonut.com/restaurant-excited-to-unveil-hassle-filled-web-site/

Inside the physical domain, nothing outperforms the meatloaf sandwich with bacon ($8.50), served on a fantastic baguette. There's not a super special recipe behind the meatloaf, it's just moist and done perfect. The supporting cast of aged white cheddar & tomato-thyme mayo deliver the warm and creamy flavor.

Pickled green tomatoes hide under covers of fontina, munster, and swiss ($6) and the grilled cheese is bookended by two great pieces of sourdough bread. The tomato's preserve treatment provides a smoother, less briney taste than traditional pickles while still serving a familiar acidic kick. Get it with soup and you'll be happy.

The pulled pork sandwich ($8.50) is fine, but not special. The nuance I think they're going for by employing apple/red cabbage and jalapeno aioli is mostly wiped out by the suffocating heat of jalapeno seeds. Also, each sandwich carries a small tote of chickpea salad on its side. A gentle squeeze of lemon gives it a fresh, light taste without any puckering acridness. 

An odd issue, though, is the smell. Even if you don't take a to-go bag you're still bringing home the kitchen's handiwork on your clothes due to the poor ventilation. It's a mild annoyance to wear your lunch on your shirt when you haven't even spilt anything, but not enough to bypass Soup Kitchen completely.
I highly recommend Soup Kitchen Cafe for a party or catering.  We had a surprise birthday party for my wife here.  Ben and Brian pulled out all the stops to match my budget to an awesome party.  They made a very relaxed atmosphere (music, set-up and food) for 17 people.  The event was very simple for me; they gave me some options on menu, helped set-up a time and even helped pick out the wine I bought.  With all the excitement around their newspaper write-up and increase in their business, they made me feel like nothing was more important than my party.  Thanks guys!
A bit off the beaten track, but the food is impeccable and the staff is very friendly.
This place has great food and it is a super cute little lunch spot. Sadly some of the people that work here aren't the friendliest . 
I walked in and asked what soups they were serving , they told me and I asked how one in particular was ( a chicken soup) . The woman responded by telling me she didn't eat meat and was the wrong person to ask.  
This made me immediately walk out the door. 
Very rude and uninviting. If you have an aversion to serving meat maybe you shouldn't be working in the restaurant industry .
Well it's about time I write something about the Soup Kitchen cafe - after about fifteen visits, it's without a doubt my absolute fav place to grab lunch or a dinnertime soup or sandwich.  I love the service (friendly) and atmosphere (cool, but not trendy)...however, the food is just SO unexpectedly incredible.  I consider myself moderately knowledgeable about great philadelphia sandwiches and this joint carries the most "best-of's" in Philly.  No lie - the best Pulled Pork in the city...and I must say that's quite a feat.  Similarly, the Veggie Burger, Mac and cheese and Meatloaf  Sandwich are are the best I've ever had...the soups always impress as well.  I also recommend the lox and bagel...totally addictive.  Ben & Co. have a great thing going...I only wish I got there even more often.
GREAT FOOD. GOOD VALUE. I went in today for the first time, and I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich and Asparagus Leek Soup. The FOOD WAS AMAZING. The staff was really nice and the prices were reasonable. I am telling all of my friends to come here. You should too.
This was a disappointing visit. 

Hoped for a quick but good bite on a friday night. SO plus my daughter. Ordered grilled cheese, chicken salad, and a beet sandwich with 1 bowl of premade soup. 45 mins from the time we sat down until food was delivered. And it wasnt because they were busy. 2 served tables and one who came in after us. My frustration was further inflamed - while we sat ignored for much of the evening, the kitchen and wait staff joked and chatted away. 

My daughter who rarely complains repeatedly said, "why is this food taking so long?" Honestly, i think she was reading my mind. 

The owners may want to consider replacing the staff or being present on a friday for quality control.
Coffee shops have that aura to them: coffee, music, some kind of food, and bad service. We get it, the staff survives on tips from $2-4 cups of joe (over a 3 hour stretch, no less) and would rather be working on their novel or script or production. We get it. But the bad service at Soup Kitchen (clever name for a spot located a stone's throw from the poverty of Kensington) felt pervasive and unnecessary. All of that along with the privilege of paying $22 for coffee, Mac and cheese, and some bland lentil soup. Look, it's winter. This should be high gear time for a spot like this. Instead, every employee treats you like a burden instead of a customer. That's fine; if I want soup in Kensington or NoLibs, there's always Good Spoon Soupery right down the street.
Ive been back a couple times and I find the non-soup offerings to be really great.  The soup has been popular and as I often get there late in the day i have missed the opportunity to try the soup.  

The service is incredibly friendly and atmosphere is very comfortable.  Im so glad they're in my hood!
Sign said sit anywhere so I sat down on the comfy couch while I waited for my sister. She was delayed so I had sausage and eggs for breakfast, but the sausage was in a sausage & kale soup and the egg was poached on a perfect arugula salad. Delicious food, casual service I will be back often.
Never heard of this place until I was invited here for an event. The outside is kind of unassuming so I approached the establishment with apprehension not knowing what to expect from a place called "Soup Kitchen". Well it's fair to say I was pleasantly surprised. 
The interior is small but you never feel cramped. Instead I think it creates a certain intimacy between you and the "kitchen". I put kitchen in quotes because from what I could see the kitchen of the Soup Kitchen is about the size of a closet. But luckily size doesn't matter for everything because the food pumped out of that closet was delicious imo. 
Maybe a large kitchen is not needed since the menu here is not that expansive. I was able to sample pretty much everything on the menu in one dining. My favorite dishes here are the mac and cheese, meat loaf and the pulled pork sandwiches. I also had the chicken salad sandwich, which had a nice twist to it as it had something with a crouton type consistency in it , and the crab cakes. The stand out dish was certainly the pulled pork which I hear is nominated for best in philly. Topped with sliced apples the pulled pork packs a light kick courtesy of the jalapeno sauce. Apples? Jalapeno dressing? Pork? I know what you're thinking.....Trust me it works. Every bite was moist, juicy and delicious. Also i'm not sure what it means but the pork tasted very "fresh" , like "porky" but not in a gamey sense...... if that makes sense. Every element of the sandwich just clicked together   perfectly imo. 
This place is probably not on a lot of radars but it should be. I rate it a good 4 out of 5 with the only knock being the limited selection and the ikea like plastic chairs they have at the tables for two (they also have leather seats that look comfortable to be fair). The food here is excellent and the staff is nice and friendly (they let my GF select the venue playlist off an ipad). Will come again
Soup Kitchen Cafe hosted a bottle share thrown by Philly Beer Scene and Philly Tap Finder for us tonight, and we couldn't have asked for more gracious hosts! They were always ready to provide water to rinse our glasses (or quench our beer-fueled thirst and keep us hydrated). Each guest paid $15 not only for use of the space and service BUT for some delectable treats to fill our bellies.  Pulled pork, short rib sloppy joe, meatloaf sliders, and (my favorite) the creamiest mac and cheese possible! ALL delicious and savory, ideal beer tapas.  They also had a vegetarian option which I think was supposed to be JUST for the veggie-folks, but I asked if I could try one and, though I got a little bit of a weird stare (having just gotten grabby for a pulled pork sammy), they didn't deny me the toasted beet-arugula-goat cheese sandwich. I think that I could live off of the veggie options alone!

All in all, a relatively friendly staff that respected our party, kept things clean and flowing smoothly, and the venue was small but intimate, not cramped.

I will say that, if I were drinking lots of beverages here, the fact that they only have one restroom stall for men/women would bother me. HOWEVER, I don't think they normally host giant groups of beer drinkers throwing back dozens of bottles, so I doubt this is a regular concern.
Hm, the popular dishes -- the shakshuka, the pulled pork, the meatloaf sandwich -- didn't knock my socks off. However (as is often the case), there was true delight to be found in the small, simple things -- the mightily refreshing cucumber lemonade, the slightly spicy grilled cheese with pickled green tomatoes, the griddle brownie that inevitably ends every meal.

Also as usual, the most delightful part of life-at-the-Soup-Kitchen is the people. Whether our servers have been seasoned or brand-new, they have been on-point, attentive, and ever-ready to laugh with their customers. Despite the usually quiet setting (perfect for getting work done on your laptop & their free WiFi), the staff grinned through my friends' embarrassing and raucous rendition of the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song. They patiently clean up around you as you finish your griddle brownie just after closing, without making you feel like you need to stuff it in your face.

In short, this place is a winner. Bring your friends (even the slightly embarrassing 90s fanatics).
The soup kitchen is simple.  They have a couple of sandwhiches and different soups each day.  The place could almost be passed by without noticing.  But do not make this mistake.

The joy of the soup kitchen lies in the simplicity.  They carefully prepare the food and only use good ingredients.  $9 half sandwich and soup deal makes a great little lunch.  The meatloaf sandwich is particular is the perfect combination of fatty delicious meats.
I can't speak to their food, and the only thing I've ever ordered here is a to-go hot tea.

However, I've been a patron at Soup Kitchen more than once, and I just have to give a special shout out to their staff. I've never had a negative interaction. Every employee I've encountered is kind, well mannered, and down to earth - the type of people who seem to genuinely respect and enjoy this establishment.

So bravo to the management, the staff, and this cute little cafe for their customer service. It will keep me coming back!
The iced coffee was basic. Not my favorite. 

The house breakfast sandwich I got with no prosciutto and replaced the cheddar with goat cheese. The best breakfast sandwich i've had in a long time. They kind of gave me shit about replacing cheddar with goat cheese, which, what if I can't have lactose? You need to accommodate. Plus, the goat cheese taste way better than the white cheddar. The atmosphere is cute and quaint and I did enjoy sitting looking out the window. 

Free Wifi.
Accepts Cards.
This is my new favorite spot. It's cozy, comfortable and has free wi-fi + delicious food. Can't ask for more! 

My friend and I came here for lunch one day after talking about it for weeks. We started with a cup of coffee, which come in huge mugs and not watered down. Then we decided we both wanted the chorizo chickpea soup, which was basically perfect. For sandwiches, I decided to get the house breakfast sandwich because all the ingredients sounded so good: egg, cheese, prosciutto, and asparagus all on a croissant. I think my friend got the pulled pork sandwich and he he enjoyed his just as much.

We stayed and chatted over our coffees for a while before refilling and ordering a brownie waffle sundae. No regrets there... it's just how it sounds! Brownie batter pressed in a waffle maker (that makes the whole place smell good), vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and lots of hot fudge.
The menu changes frequently and as a lover of soups and sandwiches, this place rocks! The staff are fantastic, the atmosphere is like eating in my own living room. Love this place!
Decided I wanted something warm on this chilly day and found this in one of my searches.  I was not left disappointed. I had checked their menu before arriving and new I wanted the half sandwich/half soup, specifically a grilled cheese. 

At this time, they are not allowing in-door seating and mask are mandated. 

The grilled cheese sandwich was the only one that I couldn't get a half sandwich combo meal. I originally wanted tomato soup w/my grilled cheese but then I saw the soups of the day and had to try the corn bacon chowder.  OMG it was really good so, I had it with my half grilled cheese (shared the other half).  Also tried the Curry Lentil soup and that was pretty good as well. 

This will be a place I come to on cold days. My grilled cheese brought me back to my grammar school days.
I walked into Soup Kitchen Cafe and was greeted right away by the extremely friendly staff. The decor is clean and simple with plants hanging in big, wide windows. Some of the tables are made out of slabs of wood, with a bar area that can accommodate about 6 people. There are nice people (and dog) watching opportunities if you're facing the two little parks across from the cafe. 

The Reanimator coffee they serve is too strong for me - I prefer La Colombe - but my husband loves it. I give them props for using a local coffee company, though. The Build-Your-Own breakfast sandwich was very hot and very delicious. Mine arrived with two fluffy eggs, melty cheese, and just ripe avocado on a brioche bun. You can also get two types of tomato, caramelized onions, or several types of meat on your sandwich, and there's the option to get it on an everything bagel.

Okay, so we were there at 10am, but felt the need to try a soup since the place is called "Soup Kitchen". We had the tomato basil, which was far superior to most tomato basil soups I've had, which are usually watery. This one was creamy, nicely spiced, and tasted like it might have been flavored with sherry or some other wine. I didn't really taste basil, but the soup was so good, it didn't bother me.

The menu is on the simple side, but the options are varied and tasty. I would love to stop in for lunch the next time I'm in Philly.
The Soup Kitchen is a gem!  East Kensington should be proud to have these guys in our neighborhood as the food is among the best you can get, not only for the prices, but anywhere.  Today, I had the melon + cucumber soup, which was incredible, the veggie burger, the best around, a taste of the watermelon gazpacho, spicy and subtle, and the mac and cheese which was fantastic!  Topping it off is the caring attentiveness of the fellas there and the welcoming atmosphere.  Hopefully this place stays for a long time and develops into an anchor of one of the most dynamic neighborhoods in the city.
The Soup Kitchen Cafe is now a frequent destination for me, being one of the few spots near my studio that consistently offers high quality food at decent prices, and takes credit cards...(unlike some other nearby cafes.)

The shakshuka was love at first spoonful, a hearty vegetarian stew of tomatoes, peppers, onions, topped with feta and a poached egg. 

Their soups are made in small batches and change often, and there's always something in the pot I want to try.  Pair it wit half a sandwich and I'm good for a full afternoon of creativity in the studio!

Pros: Awesome food. Great prices. Credit cards okay. Wireless access. Lots of natural light. Friendly staff. New longer hours, and open every day.

Cons: Occasionally slow service. Bad venting from the kitchen. A few of the servers are awkward. Only one size for coffee drinks.

Overall, the pros greatly outweigh the cons, and I'm thrilled that this cafe is light years beyond the one that was previously in the same location.  If you're scared to try Soup Kitchen because of a bad experience with the space's predecessors, don't fear! They're worth it.
New faces are appearing and it's more welcoming - the ambivalence is taken a back seat. I still see the old faces- which is good.  I just assume that they are in roles better suited for them.  All that to say, because of the marked improvement and the unbelievably great food I have been back at least once a week (I used to eat out once a month).
My bf and I came here for lunch and we enjoyed our experience! The prices were reasonable and the service was friendly.  We chose the pulled pork sandwich and blt, along with the gazpacho. I recommend.
Love it here!!! It's small, but it makes you feel like home. Everything came out perfect and service was excellent.

Shakshuka - AMAZING! Nice n spicy, and hot (as in warm...I hate when soup comes out luke warm). The cheese with the eggs and tomatos and onions were a perfect combination of melt in your mouth goodness. Lol.

Mac n cheese w/pulled pork. It was good, but I've had better mac n cheese. Next time I will pass on this.

Meatloaf sandwich - Mmmm!!! The meat was full of flavor and the mayo/sauce that was on it was oh so delicious! My mouth is drooling. The bread was also soft yet crispy (just perfect)

Crabcake sandwich - also quite delicious. The bread was sooo good. It had a slight sweetness to it which really made it stand out. The crab patty was great as well. Perfect seasonings!

Organic coffee - I loved the aroma and the flavor. It didn't need much sugar or cream at all!

Price is great here. Nothing is expensive and everything was a nice portion. I can't wait to go back and try other things!
Soup kitchen is one of my favorite spots in Fishtown for a quick quality bite. They rotate soups daily, and always update their Instagram story with the soup du jour. I've never actually had a bad soup from here, but some of my favorites are as follows:
Chickpea Chorizo
Corn chowder with Crab and Bacon
Sausage Lentil
Sausage, white bean and kale

You can also do a soup and half/whole sandwich combo for either 10/13 dollars. My personal favorite sandwich is the meatloaf, served with smocked bacon, cheddar and tomato-thyme mayo on a baguette. I'm not a huge meatloaf person, but their version had me sold. The overall consistency in the meat is excellent and not crumbly like some meatloaves. 

They have a small spirits setup and some local beer selections, but their cocktails are always delicately and tastefully concocted.
Came here with my husband and baby girl on a Sunday.  Got a weird vibe and service was slow to greet us and seat us so we sat ourselves. The food was ok.. the bblt had mealy overriped tomatoes and my husband's crab cake sandwich was fishy.  All in all probably won't come back.
This place is a super cute little cafe to grab lunch and/or do some work in. Service was good, attentive and not overbearing. I found parking immediately, but it was also midday during the week.

I ordered the curry and celery root soup. Omg it was so good! I love curry anything and any way. This curry was not spicy at all, for those who don't like spicy. The soup was blended perfectly. Nice and smooth, delicious and surprisingly filling (I usually prefer more hearty soups). 

The chickpea and feta salad was light and delicious. I also love all things chickpea lol. 

In sum, both of my dishes were very yummy, service was good, and the cafe is pleasing to the eye. I'll definitely be back for lunch.
Wonderful spot for lunch! Their food is aces and I've been missing them while they were closed during the pandemic. 

Now that they're reopened, it's very easy to order ahead through the website for the most delicious soup and sandwich combo in town! They have a few tables set up outdoors, or you can take you meal to the park right across the street.

My fave is... every time of sandwich. I'm not normally into sandwiches, so that tells you how amazing they are!
I went to this Cafe with my son for lunch. 
It is totally awesome. It is totally comfort filling food. 

We obviously went with a soup, since they are supposed to be one of the best in Philly at soup. Both of us had Tomato Basil. 
It is unlike any soup I have had before. It was delicious. Clearly it is home made as it had little chunks in it. You had sweetness from the tomato and basil flavor. I swear a cheese flavor in it as well. 
We both did soup and a sandwich and I thought the bowl would be small, it was not. At first I thought they must have something wrong, but they did not. 
I also had a cucumber lemonade that was outstanding. You could taste both and it fit with the wholesome meal. 
Now on to the sandwich portion of the meal. My son went the obvious grilled cheese. When he pulled the halved sandwich apart the cheese just strung out in a large quantity. This was to my sons absolute glee, he gained a large smile at seeing the stringy cheese. They are generous with the cheese, I swear it was a half inch of the goodness between the bread. I had a taste of the grilled cheese, I ate half to be exact. It was delicious. The bread was fabulous and likely home made. 
My sandwich I had a half meatball sandwich. It was delicious and my only wish was that I ordered a whole sandwich and not a half. It was earthy and homey, a true comfort type of food. 
I really loved the place and want to go back. The place is spacious and bright. The walls could use some cleaning, but that is about it. 
To finish it off, my son really wanted dessert and we got the bill before they asked. So we ordered a cookie on the way out as we paid at the cashier. I'm not sure she charged us for it. When I pointed it out, the hostess waved us on and said it is not a big deal. She thought she had.  I guess chalk that up to my super cute son.
The reviews were spot on. What a hidden gem. Food was fantastic and the atmosphere was enjoyable. Had the chick pea salad and tomato basil soup. I'll be going back again real soon.
Simply Delish! Such creative soups and sandwiches and affordable too. I'm craving the soup and sandwich combo right now. Think I must go for lunch.
Unfortunately I cannot give Soup Kitchen a rave review even though I love the food because I've experienced horrendous service at least 4 out of the 10 times I've been here. I also never feel compelled to write yelp reviews but after this morning, I feel I should. 

I came in with two friends and only waited a few minutes for a table. We were promptly greeted and brought waters but when it came to ordering the waitress took my friends food orders and proceeded to walk away. I let her know I would also like to order food. So she asks what I want and walks away as I'm ordering. She starts talking to a guy behind her she obviously knows and eventually turns back around after catching up with her buddy and proceeds to take the rest of my order. It was a build your own breakfast sandwich with avocado.

My friend mentions the waitress didn't seem to be paying close attention to the order and since I don't eat meat and the house breakfast sandwich has prosciutto on it I wanted to make sure there weren't further complications. I walk up to the counter and just reiterate which sandwich I meant as she's putting the order in the computer. She rudely assures me that "she's got it." and I sit back down. 

The food runner brings my friends their food as I sit patiently waiting for my sandwich to come out. Our waitress doesn't check on us to see if everything came out okay or tastes good or if we need anything else. 20 minutes later, my friends are nearly finished with their meals and I walk back to the counter and let her know I still haven't received my food. I return to my seat and she comes over to tell me she "forgot to put it in." The sandwich comes out after a few minutes and I eat it quickly because I was starving and we were pretty pressed for time. 20 minutes later and she hasn't come back over, We're sitting at the table with empty glasses and dirty plates and money on the table. My friend asks for the check as she walks past us and she brings it over. She didn't even take a single drink off the tab as a consolation for her mistake. 

We pay and leave a little over 15% tip. As a server and bartender, I never leave less than 20% and typically leave 30%. However when a server doesn't give me any indication that she wants my business let alone my tip, I feel there's no need to show my appreciation of her service. There was also no manager on the floor to voice my complaints to and I'm not the kind of person to ream a server over making a mistake and then showing zero regard for her customers. I'll just leave and never come back,
Great place, wonderful sandwiches and amazing soup!  What more could you ask for.  I understand dinner is coming soon, can't wait!
The food is really great here and it has one of my favorite veggie burgers in this neck of the woods.  The shakshuka is also delicious on just about any day. Ingredients are always fresh and you will never be disappointed. The only issue with this place is the actual dining space; it has poor ventilation which causes you to smell like you worked in the kitchen all day and it's not a good smell. Go here for a quick bite but just be warned that you will smell like the grill after eating here.
The food here is on-point, but I have had 3 negative customer service experiences in the past year that, as of today, have finally taken their toll. We have traditionally waited to be seated at this place, and after waiting around for 15 minutes at the front with no one even saying a "hello" or "good morning," a couple walks in and gets seated right away. We then went up to ask where to sit, the owner tells us that it is seat-yourself and the waitress - without even looking at us - hollered out, "all of the empty tables are dirty right now". We will not be returning.
Friendly staff and delicious comfort food! Bf + I got a soup/sammie combo - I tried the grilled cheese and tomato basil soup. I loved the 'grown up' take on this childhood favorite. Soup was excellent flavor (not too salty like some restaurants tend to lean towards) and really nice texture - pured and slightly thick. The grilled cheese ... Well, let's just say it was a diet 'cheat' day. Made with crispy bread, three different cheeses and a loving amount of butter, this sandwich is excellent and everything a grilled cheese should be.

Good experience, I do wish there were more healthy veg options - but I suppose if you want something hot and yummy, the calories are a small price to pay.
I just left eating from here and I would have to say the service gave this place a 1 star. I walked in with my bf and the waitress immediately gave me this look like, "WTH are you doing here?" 
So we get seated and  no one takes our order for over 10 mins while they attended to everyone else. Already impatient, another waitress walks over and takes our order but doesn't write anything down. 
My order: 2 sandwiches, 1 soup and 2 coffee. Another 10 mins goes by, no coffee still. Finally flagged down the waitress and I ask her what happened to our coffee? "Oh I'm sorry, I forgot", uhhhh what? So if you're forgetful, why didn't you write down our order? 3 STRIKES, you're out!!!

This girl is lucky I have her $2 tip, never again at this place. Food is decent but not good enough to return to crappy service
Sabrina's, A Full Plate, Honey's. If you like said places, then Soup Kitchen Cafe is right up your alley. 

Delicious Meatloaf sandwich. That tomato-thyme mayo is amazing. The bacon. Ugh, the bacon. Ohhh, the bacon. The meatloaf by itself is amazing, so add these peripherals and you get a highly addictive sandwich. 

Can't stop going here.
I'm crazy about this place. Looks and feels like someone's living room. I've been twice and both times ordered the same thing because it was too good the first time I had to have it again. That would be....the, beyond my wildest dreams, tomato basil soup. Rich  and velvety, but, I believe, without cream. It doesn't need a pinch, even, of salt. Perfect. Second best is the quinoa burger. I'm not a vegetarian, but it sounded so good and it is! It's  mildly spicy and served with a little secret sauce and, what seems to be, shoestring zucchini. I put the chickpea salad that comes on the side on the burger, too. What makes it even better is the soft eggy bun it's served between. Can't wait to go back.
Pulled pork sandwich and spicy black bean soup were quite yummy.  Great taste for great value.
These guys have the best breakfast sandwich (try it with roasted tomato) and soup around.

The lunch menu is also damn tasty, the only thing tht prevents them from getting 5 stars is their coffee. Their lattes seem to always b rather flavorless and lukewarm even with vanilla or mocha added.

The food is where they shine and the service is also super friendly.
Good food. Terrible service.

I went to soup kitchen with an albeit large group of people, but the staff was absolutely no help in helping us get seated and move chairs to accommodate everyone.

When our food finally did come, it wasn't all brought out together, but rather over the course of about 15 minutes. Finally for dessert, we ordered the chocolate waffle. When the waitress bring it out, she puts it on the table and says "sorry it looks like this." What she gave us was mangled pile of crumbs with a scoop of ice cream that had no business leaving the kitchen. If she knew it was so bad, she should've had the kitchen prepare it again.

It's a shame because our actual food was delicious, but the staff were so incompetent, I will not be coming back to soup kitchen.
I love your food so so much!! But I consistently get rude service what's up with that. It's really lame that I feel like I'm  bothering am employee when ordering what sense does?? Not saying all the employees all rude I've had some really nice staff too but the rude ones remind me of Daria, really emo with some chip of superiority on there shoulder. Just say hello look at me and say thank you it's the basics of food service!!!
SUPER CUTE. I really like this place. It's a small BYO. The food is always fresh. Their cucumber lemonade is awesome. Also a big fan of their coffee. I've only stayed and actually sat down to eat once for lunch. The service was excellent, but a little slow (the kitchen staff is pretty small). The food was amazing. I usually just stop in for a drink or some coffee and they're always very quick when it comes to the to-go orders. It always smells amazing when you walk by too. Yum yum yum. I definitely recommend.
I ordered a vegan soup with a vegan grilled cheese and the vegan soup came with a dairy yogurt garnish. And when I received my vegan meal with a yogurt garnish and confronted our served about it they made me feel like I should have "known" my vegan soup had such garnish. I feel like you shouldn't call a soup vegan if it comes with a non vegan garnish or maybe I'm just a radical vegan.
LOVE THIS PLACE. Order a breakfast sand which with Caramelized onions and avocado ..you will not be disappointed! Coffee is also on point and soup selections are always good too.
