I'm eternally grateful to spots like this that transformed the game of bowling from the stodgy past time of lebowski types to the fun and grandeur it is today. It's not your typical bowling alley, as the lights are lower, music is louder, and the crowd is cooler. 
The vibe is so much fun, and I always end up making new pals before the night's end. The fabulous sangria and other choice beverages probably help as well. 
I've never eaten here, but it looks interesting! I remember seeing the tater tots which were huge and looked quite tasty. 
The staff is super cool and hard working. The young brunette chick is so cool and on point with everything! I want to be her friend. 
Oh, and did you know, if you bowl a turkey you get a free shot of bottom shelf whiskey? Pretty exciting shit! 
This is a regular haunt of mine and is really firing on all cylinders. I recommend South Bowl to everyone who likes fun!
3.5 stars  To be completely honest, I think I like North Bowl better. I've tried several times to want to make the switch and I just dig the vibes at North Bowl more.  While this space is bigger and very beautiful, it loses some inviting touch I feel. If it weren't so darn close and parking so easy, and my hubby being a fan, I would always head over there instead. We have never had any issues there either....

We had a bit of a mix up for my daughter's birthday back in March (reserved lanes being given away as well as being given wrong information over the phone, different than what was told to us in person) which was completely made up with comped food, and a very concerned, sweet, apologetic female manager. All was forgiven. We had a blast! Not only was the woman who took our reservations this time somewhat rude when I asked about parties, she was misinformed about leagues and what time we should come in, we also had another mishap while there.... 

We loved the bowling. I mean, that's pretty much a no fail, right? Who doesn't love some bowling with friends and family, drinks and yummy food?! The food was really good as usual. A few new additions to the menu we really liked! The pizzas are always a hit and obviously the tots, with all of their varieties are the thing they're known for. The wings, both Korean and Buffalo were said to have been good. The vegan wings, OMG!!! So meaty I had to keep asking everyone to try them to make sure they weren't meat. They were perfectly crispy on the outside and chewy in the inside! Very flavorful!! Loved these!! They have the food part down. Always. 

The problem tonight was our server. Debating whether or not to mention her name. She was miserable and un-personable. Some people just aren't made to be in this type of profession. This chick definitely fell under that category. We didn't even know who the server was. I had to go to the bar to ask for her. She forgot drinks, didn't give us plates or napkins. When we asked for water she plopped down a pitcher, no glasses. Ugh. As if that weren't enough she handed my husband an unitemized bill. We spent a fair amount of money for our party of 8 we were treating and he wanted to see what the breakdown was. He then after asking for an itemized copy saw that there's a $20 plus service fee/gratuity that was added. Not an issue it just would've been nice to know. We usually tip on top of that anyway. Hubs did mention he didn't know if she was trying to get one over on us by not showing us that and just from her entire vibe and lack of interest in the entire night, I definitely thought yes. We then saw after paying that she had charged us full priced for both sets of regular tots which should be $2 each not $4 during happy hour which was until 6pm and $10 for the $5 pitcher of PBR which was also a happy hour special. 1. I would NEVER order PBR if it wasn't a special. 2. We come here often and know what happy hour times and specials are and made sure to get this order in before that time. When I asked her about it her response was "You put the order in way after 6". That's funny because the receipt says exactly 6pm which meant that not only was it the exact time happy hour ended which is an iffy thing and could be debatable for the sake of a happy customer who is paying well over $100 for the bill, to gripe over $8, it's not worth it, but that 6pm was the time you entered it which meant that you not only needed time to walk over to the computer but needed time to enter the info as well. So there, either way it wasn't "way after 6". Normally I wouldn't make a big deal over $8 or so but it was her attitude, her response, the crappy service and the fact that I just didn't trust her intentions. She did indeed roll her eyes at me as well when I questioned her and then stormed off to get the manager. There was never any thank you. Not one smile. Ugh. 

The manager came over and I'm still not sure what was don't with our bill. He had to refund it, then charged too much, then had to re-ring it. I don't know. I couldn't follow. It shouldn't have happened to begin with. I probably walked away paying triple for tots and PBR while I was trying not get to ripped off.

We always have a great time no matter where we go and have had some great times here, but a little service with a smile could've made our night and experience better. My daughter didn't know the difference and tonight, she was all that mattered. But for me, it would've been nice to not have had any issues...from booking to service to fixing the issue. 

I may just make the journey down to North Bowl next time which is a real shame because this is so close to home. We shall see...
Went with my partner and another couple to bowl and have some drinks last night, and the entire experience was great! Service was wonderful (quick, nice!) at the counter, bar, and on the lanes. Prices are totally reasonable for bowling (it was about $15/person for 2 games + shoes), and it's nice that they charge by the game and not the hour (although that also explains why they don't reserve lanes). We had NO problems getting a lane at 7 pm on a Friday night, and it looked as if there wasn't ever much of a wait - it was busy, but not overly so. 

Cocktails were weak but cheap ($6 for a martini?!?!). Wine list was short, but $26 for a bottle? YES PLEASE. 

And the FOOD! We have already talked about coming back just to eat. $5.50 for tots with cheese, bacon, scallions, sour cream - DELICIOUS. And the $7 pierogie skillet was a little weird but also yummy! Inexpensive and good! Saw the burger on our neighboring lane and will have to try that next time. 

After bowling we played a few games of pool and considered Buck Hunter - a few good arcade games, no waiting! 

An Uber ride from CC is only $10-15, there is plenty of street parking, and the crowd was great - not hipsters (North Bowl), not young professionals/suburbanites (Lucky Strike), but a good mix. We will be back soon!
I usually give businesses the benefit of the doubt, but I'm trying to be polite when I say that this place is unprofessional all the way up to the manager. From just checking in to play a game, everyone behind the counter was confused and couldn't do something as simple as add me to a lane and hand me my shoes. They first told us an incorrectly high price per game and they refused to yield until after significant convincing. They finally admitted they were incorrect and lowered the price. 

Later when checking out we asked for our license back. They couldn't find it and accused US of losing it. We insisted that no one at any time attempted to return a license. We asked to speak to the manager. He said his name is Zachary.  They did a (very) simple search of the place and continued to insist that we lost it, saying (in a very stern tone) "look, I can guarantee you that I gave you a license". At no time did the manager or any of the employees show empathy or apologize. We left the building for a few minutes and came back to find them frantically searching the floor with a flashlight- which shows that they know they lost it. 

We're all human, so mistakes happen. But when they do happen, you have to own up to it rather than accuse others to cover your faults. This type of treatment is NOT good for business or any moral situation for that matter. 

I will not be coming back to this place.
I never was a fan of bowling until I decided to bowl at South Bowl.

South Bowl is a one stop shop for fun! Its a great place to meet with friends, have a girls nite out or chill with your honey on a date.

I came to South Bowl with friends during the holiday season. South bowl has a spacious bar. It was three dollar Thursday so some drinks and appetizers were 3.00. I ordered the spiced pear punch and it was spicy with a nice kick.

We also decided to play a game of bowling which was 11.00 for about three hours. 

Overall the music was nice, the drinks were affordable and the atmosphere was great. I would definitely return to South bowl.
Super fun place for the whole family. The atmosphere was retro and fun. The food was pretty good. I had a buffalo Mac n cheese. It was super tasty. And some cheese curds that where only ok. They should melt in your mouth. These where more like cut up cheese sticks. Our waiter was Edwin could have been more interested in his job. He barely came over. He couldn't remember what I ordered ( came back 3 times to ask) write it down buddy. Was a good experience for bowling. Will def go back.
I really hate writing bad reviews but since I did not get to complain to the manager because I was already driven out by the rudeness, I will take my complaint to yelp instead. 

South Bowl has an unnecessarily rude security guard and when I say unnecessary I really mean unnecessary. He was rude once we stepped in the door!  I asked him a simple question in the nicest way possible and he replied in the rudest manner ever. We were so confuse as to why he was being so rude. I do not know whether he was having a bad day or not but if you're in a working environment I suggest you keep it professional and not take it out on your customers. On top of the rude reply, he got frustrated because we couldn't get the door open so he went a head, angrily and very annoyed and pushed it. Very unprofessional and unnecessary. Being greeted by such a rude worker before even walking into the business was definitely a downfall for us. We, a party of 7 decided to just leave after the rude encounter.

***This review is based solely on the security guard who was working the night shift.
I've been here before an enjoyed it, good beer, good food, I even celebrated my birthday here last year.

Last night we showed up with friends for the late night happy hour, only to find out it doesn't exist; no discount on bowling at all despite the fact that their website clearly states that they still have the happy hour.

When I pointed it out to the people behind the counter they said yeah I'm sure the website still says that but we don't do it.

Then I was reminded of my birthday; my significant other called ahead to reserve lanes for a big group, and was told just to show up, don't worry about it.

We showed up to an insane wait and the people behind the counter said why didn't you call ahead?

Well this place has two strikes against it, but I'm not sure I'll be going back to be treated like a turkey again; it seems like the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing here, and no wonder the place was empty on a summer Sunday; with no special who wants to pay $15-16 to bowl two games, especially when the website says happy hour still exists.
YES SOUTH BOWL!

It's such a great place for all types of people. I love the atmosphere and the people here are great. Bowling is adorable, $1 pool table games and $6 cocktails! 

I recommend the blueberry lemonade and definitely order some tator tots. These are the crispy tator tots with plenty of toppings and variety.

I also celebrated my birthday here a few months ago, and somehow was able to get a section to the right where there are only 2 lanes. If you're looking for a party, they also have an upstairs events area with a pool table and air hockey too.
First timer at South Bowl but it certainly won't be my last! I had heard a lot about both North Bowl and South Bowl so last night was finally the night to check it out. I've never been to North Bowl so I don't have too much to compare it to but from what I've heard, South Bowl is much larger. It also seems South Bowl's wait time for a bowling lane is significantly less. I'm talking like 2 hour time difference here. 

When I arrived, I was somewhat surprised to see just how big South Bowl really is. Two stories, multiple rooms including an arcade, pool tables, bowling lanes, full bar, and private floor with bowling lanes upstairs. I was really impressed. I came on a Friday night and there was about an hour wait for a lane which was no problem because we spent some time at the bar. There was plenty of seating and space. Definitely a good pick if you're with a larger group.

Pricing was average - $6 per game and roughly $6 for shoe rental. PRO TIP: there is free shoe rental with a Yelp check in! 

Food was delicious. We ordered a wood oven pizza and obviously could not pass up on an order of tots. The pizza was the perfect size for us four girls. But if there's one food item you must try, it's the tots. They're to die for. We were debating between the wavey and baker tots. The server told us the baker tots tend to be a little messy to eat so we opted for the wavey instead. The wavey consisted of tots topped with old bay and served with a side of cheese. Frankly, I didn't really taste much of the old bay. It seemed like only the ones on top had the old bay on them.... but, they were delicious nonetheless. If I ordered these again I would probably ask for extra old bay seasoning on them.

Service was phenomenal. Our server was super friendly, prompt, and helpful. All of our food and drinks were brought out in a timely fashion. Two thumbs up!
I was excited to hear about South Bowl opening because I've observed North Bowl becoming a little too people-with-knit-caps-in-the-summer-wearing-dirty-shirts-and-drinking-PBR for my liking.

Went here on its first Saturday night since its opening and I really enjoyed myself. Parking wasn't too bad. It was about a 90 minute wait for a lane, but understandable due to its first weekend. My brother and I sat in their cafe area and had dinner. We got the Seargent Pepper (pepperoni pizza) which they make right in front of you. We also got the tater tots and I got mac and cheese. The pizza was great, the tater tots, were phenomenal just as they are at North Bowl. The mac and cheese was below average. All that and a couple of drinks was $40. 

Shortly after we finished our meal, we check out the upstairs area. It's really cool, they have NBA Jam and a bunch of other arcade-style games as well as a few more lanes and a bar. Looks like it could be for private parties.

Our lane was then ready and we got two games (which is their maximum), and it was $32 for two people for two games. Very modern and functioning lanes, plenty of balls, cool social media hookups for the scoreboard. There's a giant TV by the pins where the Flyers game was playing. Good music while you bowl. Quick return from the ball return, quick reset on the pins. I was really happy with the bowling experience. Of course, I suck at bowling, but that's not the point.

All in all, I had a very good experience. And I'll surely be back. I hope that area begins to expand and shoot up some more, it's a nice location, but it seems Tony Luke's and not South Bowl are all that really goes on out there at night. Pretty dark and ominous otherwise.
I went to South Bowl with friends on a Friday night. That was my first and last time in South Bowl. The entire experience at this bowling alley was extremely strange. In contrast, it is great that I will never experience that ever again. 

The strangest part of the night was in regards to our first 20 minutes in the bowling alley. The cost for 6 people to bowl 2 games and get the shoes is roughly $99. Every cost related to bowling and shoes must be paid in cash. In contrast, the bar/kitchen accepts both cash and card. We were required to use a card and open a tab despite wanting to pay cash for the bill. We were assured that the card will only be held; not be charged and everyone would still be able to get separate checks at the end of the night.

This is extremely out of the ordinary - to be forced to open a tab for food despite wanting to pay with cash. I found this to be an odd policy for a bowling alley. Moreover, for a bowling alley that requires cash to bowl. 

Ultimately, my friend used their cards to open the tab. I was adamantly against it -- I found it to be a discriminatory policy and in opposition with the city's cashless ban. Plus, I've been to North Bowl plenty of times with larger groups and this has never happened. Plus, I'm not a fan of their food or eating and bowling simultaneously. 

Of the food that my friends did order - they enjoyed Buffalo Tots and Jalapeño Pretzel Bombs. 

And the worst part of the entire situation - when we finished our 2 games, changed our shoes and waited 10 minutes for our waitress. Unfortunately, after waiting we were unable to locate the waitress. We asked the front desk employee to page our waitress because we were ready to leave. Why have such a useless policy? Only to force customers to chase down waitstaff to close their bills and a credit card that was not used to pay for the meal. 

A couple in the lane next to ours -- left while the six of us were getting settled in our lane. Unbeknownst, to us that couple left their normal shoes in their rush to leave their lane and play pool. So, for our first 8 rounds, staff members were periodically shuffling through our seating area looking for their shoes. Staff members appeared to be very attentive and accommodating to this couple's needs. Unfortunately, that came at the price of surrounding my friends and I. And asking us useless questions regarding strangers shoes. Ultimately, the couple briefly returned to the lane. Miraculously, finding their shoes under the table in less than a minute. 

The bowling alley is very clean and everyone around us seemed to be having fun. I love to bowl and I'm glad I have the opportunity to visit other bowling alleys in the area.
Been here twice now - first was an office party, and yesterday with a friend. Good bowling experience. 
However, wasn't expecting delicious food from a bowling place. Their beef sliders are amazing, and the lamb sliders are one of the best I've ever had, which is really saying a lot. 
Will be coming here again definitely for the food.
Between the food and bowling I am so stuck on how many stars to give this place! I was here twice and both times my original thought was "jeez this is expensive!" 

The atmosphere is awesome and it's very nice and clean inside but it can be costly between the bowling and the food. It was $80 for 4 people to  bowl and we all split some food and that bill was $100. We did not get a lot of food but two appetizers and two sandwiches. I had the veggie wings and unfortunately each wing was extremely cold on the inside. If they were hot then they would have been out of this world. There is cheap beer but again, it all just ran up so quickly within a two hour time frame. If you are looking for a more upscale experience with your friends, this is definitely the place to go! 

One sweet deal is that you get a free shoe rental when you check in with Yelp!
Things I loved: the great beer list, the tater tots, the music, the arcade games, the bar upstairs next to the lanes so that you didn't have to trek back downstairs, the high tech lanes, and the overall space. Whether this is a brand new building or a renovation of an old factory, they did a great job.

What I didn't love: the slow service at the downstairs bar and the cash only policy for bowling.  Why do they take credit for food, but not the bowling? It was also odd because they wanted to hold my credit card to reserve the lane, but then they said they couldn't use it to actually pay for the lane.  And while we're on the subject of bowling, Saturday night pricing for ONE game of bowling is $32!  ONE GAME!  Ouch.  My goodness.  For our group of three it was more expensive than we were anticipating.  I suppose a larger group would fare better, but I'm not sure what the maximum is per lane (probably four to five people if I had to guess).

I still liked it here, but my recommendation is to come during the week from either 4-6 or 10-12 for their happy hour (they have food specials and $2 games). It's too pricey during the weekend.
So look, this is an awesome idea for South Philly, but as an industry guy this place is super rough around the edges.

We went on a cold open night, and with an uncertain amount of people they were actually very accommodating and on the whole the place is affordable. However you get a pretty strong feeling nobody on the staff really knows what they're supposed to be doing and are just going through the motions.

The draft beer list had a mediocre amount of selections, but hilariously they only have the breweries listed, and our bartender had no idea which specific beer it was. "Laganitus - $5" is listed in the menu and it took ridiculously long to find out it was the IPA. 

The bowling is great, a lot of fun, with cool interactive menus, but by far the biggest disappointment came when we found out that there was a "two game cap" on our lane. Something we hadn't been informed of at all when we paid for our lane. 

Because our friends were a game behind us we had to stand around as they bowled their second game. However no one ever took the lane we had been on adjacent to them! I understand that you want to cut down on the wait times for people but what's the point of refusing our money for the 20 minutes it took our friends to bowl a game just to not use the lane at all??

On the whole this place is fun and the service staff does the best job they can with what I would say was a pretty unorganized training program. I'm surprised from an already established place like North Bowl that this felt so slapped together but here's hoping they tighten up and turn into an awesome place to spend the night in South Philly.
First time at South Bowl... and probably my last. 

We came for Thursday night quizzo, and what a mess... 

The website AND Instagram page both said $1 select drafts, $2 tots, half of pizzas. Apparently that isn't true... I asked the bartender (he was rather rude) what drafts were $1 and he said he didn't know what I was talking about, and when I said 'you guys posted it on instagram' his reply was "oh.. well we don't do that, idk why it was posted".  

Foolishly, we decided to stay because we had our hearts set on quizzo... only to find out that it was a 70s themed quizzo (funny that of all of the false information on their instagram post, that was left out of it).  

I then proceeded to read the menu on the bar and saw they had half off pizzas, so I ordered a margherita pizza.  I placed the order with the rude bartender, and was told that the large pizzas were not half off, only the small... (also not clarified on their postings, but I digress..)  I also ordered 1 order of original tater tots. The pizza came out in great time, but it was room temperature... the tots came out almost 30 minutes later... boiling hot. I don't really know what goes on at this place, but I probably wont be back.
Fun place and really cool space. A bit out of out the way from center city/grad hospital but worth the Uber. We got there around 7 pm and there was no wait- we got a lane right away and were able to play two games. For food we ordered the margarita pizza, broccoli cheddar tots  and calamari. Everything was really good, highly recommend the calamari!! 

One annoying thing - bowling is CASH ONLY!! The bar takes cards but the front desk for bowling and shoes does not!
Fast and friendly service. Paying for lanes and shoes is cash only; you gotta give one of the shoes you're wearing to rent shoes. Once you're on the lane, they take card. Up to 5 people can play on a lane. Limited set of balls and weights. Overall, I liked Lucky Strike over in Center City better just based on the amount of other things you could do in the alley, and how modern it was by comparison.
Try to go to other bowling places if possible.

If you are here, CHECK IN FIRST, they have free shoes if you do which I didn't know about until after I paid.

I came here with friends and the total came to about $11 per person. THEY DO NOT TAKE CARDS but have a ATM in front of the front desk. 

We asked if the total could be paid separately/split between all of my friends and he(front desk person) said no.

I don't understand how hard it is to split the cost between paying customers with a calculator?? There was not even a line of people paying or a full house. Worst customer service I have seen ever with the bill process. 

They do not welcome you to South Bowl, you just come up and pay and that's all. The front desk is horrible and not helpful. 

SIDE NOTE: My friend paid for a drink and they literally filled the whole glass bottle with ice and poured the soda in... like comon' at least half way with ice but they filled it up completely. 

---

WHY I BROUGT IT DOWN -3 STARS
-1STAR because of customer service.
-1STAR because of customer service.
-1STAR because of customer service. 

When you go to an activity place, you aren't going to have fun if you're pissed while PAYING for the event because of the front desk.

WHY I BROUGHT IT UP +1 STAR
+1STAR because it was more modern.

---

Me and my friends will not be back to this place and I will not recommend my family or friends to have events here.
I went here for the soft opening on Thursday night. I'm on the league at North bowl, so we got invited early. I got there around 8 p.m., parking was very difficult and the place was packed. got inside and met with some friends who had already gotten a lane for us. The lanes work well, the service was excellent and the management was very nice. I was only there to play a couple of games, so I didn't try any of the food. I'll be sure to give an update once I get the full experience.
Some of the worst bartending that has existed ruins an otherwise amazing venue. Great food, great games and a great location if you can ignore the terrible service by the tall bartender. Not you shorter bartender, sit down, you were fine. You did your job. 
Tall bartender, listen up. 
How do you mess up a drink that is a signature of the venue? Why do you ignore large groups of people who want to place orders? Why do you give shitty change? My beer was 5 dollars, why did you give me three 5 dollar bills? What am I going to with that?
Instead of shit talking about patrons with the servers, maybe make some drinks?
We had a work party here on a Monday night and this idiot bartender nearly ruined it.
Fix your staff please guys. 
Actually, not even your staff. 
Fix the tall bartender. 
Front door guy, great!
Bowling reservation lady, great!
Shorter bartender, great!
Chef, oh my god, you're great, my sandwich was delicious!

Please guys, I want to love this place.
I went to South Bowl with some friends on a Saturday night. I've been to North Bowl and I assumed the concept was very similar: bar, food, music, etc. It definitely is. We had a reservation for 9pm for two lanes. Reservations don't really mean much. The best thing to do once you get in is make sure you sign in and reserve enough lanes for the members of your party. Also, there is a two game max. Two games, plus shoe rental will run roughly $16. There are plenty of balls to choose from in regards to weight and size. The upstairs portion is usually reserved for private parties. 

Aside from the bowling experience, the food wasn't bad either. I ordered the beef sliders because we were drinking and I don't like to drink on an empty stomach. The sliders came with tots and they were all delicious. One of our friends decided to order two pizzas for our section (a pepperoni pizza and a margherita pizza). The pepperoni was the better of the two. The drink prices are reasonable for South Philly. Mixed drinks will run your $6 or $7 and beer was between $3 and $6. 

I'd recommend South Bowl if you want to hang out with friends or for a date night. The atmosphere is pretty chill, there's a section where you can just sit and eat, there are a few pool tables and they play a wide selection of music, mainly club/party hits. They have a parking lot, but it is very small. It can maybe hold 10 cars. Your best bet is to park on the street if you're driving.
Many things left a bad taste in my mouth. The worst was the female bartender tried to charge me $8 for a $6.50 Tito's and soda. When I questioned the sudden price change she claimed "it's the tax". I'm not sure if she thought I was an idiot, but there's no 23% tax on a drink. I know she was trying to get double tipped. It was a disgusting act and I regret not finding the manager. 

Aside from the bartender being a scam artist and insulting my intelligence.
The service took too long for a seemingly empty bar.
So DISAPPOINTED. The wait staff did a horrible job. First off we sat ourselves waited almost 1/2 hour before I literally had to grab a server to come give us menus and that's after I approached the counter people and the pizza maker. The food was a little better but not good enough to have endured such poor service on top of that the drinks were SUPER WATERED DOWN. Go to bowl not for the drinks food or customer service. At the end of the experience our party forfeited our lane and went to Dave & Busters.
Went there for their soft opening since lucky strike and north bowl had longer wait. Uber driver had hard time to find the place since there was no sign outside.

We were roughly waited for an hour and got some drink at the bar. Some guy spilled his drinks on us and we got all wet. It's happy Saturday night so we didn't wanna be mean anything. We said ok and waited for napkin or anything from bartender at the bar. We had to wait 10 min to get some napkin to clean up and we got soaked with drink and stood there. It was busy but not that busy compare with north bowl. The staffs seemed trying their best( they seemed really overwhelmed)  but just very unorganized yet. 

When I got my bowling shoes, they were wrong size first so went back to switch to other ones then they gave me both left side lol. Something like small things kept happening. I think because it was first night. It wasn't smooth overall. 

We ordered bunch of food. Food was similar with north bowl but just takes really long to get food and drink. 
It is opening night for them so I am sure they will get better by time.
Great venue.  Clean. Great atmosphere.   The service leaves a lot to be desired. It is 50/50.  Her luck sometimes.  Came today at 3:10.  Was told 45 minute wait and private party at 5.   That puts us on the alley at 3:55 by my math and two games for
3 players is 40 minutes max.  Well lanes opened long before 4 ok. Asked at 4:15 why 5 lanes were open and we haven't been called up and we are then told oh sorry we have a private party.  I was like wtf if you told us upfront we would have left. You lied to us. We're rude. Wasted money at the slowest service bar in Philadelphia.  Terrible service. Go somewhere that values you as a costumer. This isn't the feat time I have been treated like this here. But will be the last.
This was a highly recommended experience after a friend had been here just a week before.

This place is located in south philly and is very spacious inside. Very inviting and the aromas of food that hit you when you walk through the doors, is enough to kick up an appetite.

They have an affordable cocktail menu and are not bad on their food pricing either. With an open wood burning stove, pizza is a must try here.

The bowling experience is fun as well. We ended having to wait for a lane to open up, but there's ample space available on any given day at the bar. You can simply order drink and appetizers while you wait for an lane to open up. You're given on of those buzzer that many restaurants give you, to alert you when a lane is available to you.

They also have special discount bowling prices $2 per game, per person between 4pm-6m and 10pm-12am Monday-Thursday's.

The staff all great from my experiences and very accommodating. Servers are great too, despite how busy it can get at this place.

Definitely would recommend this place to all my peeps and yelpers!
I went to South Bowl for the first time yesterday. I've never been to North Bowl, so I don't have anything to compare it too. We didn't eat or drink there so I also can not comment on the food quality. However, purely based on the bowling aspect, it was mediocre at best. The staff was friendly... but the lane we got malfunctioned after every round almost. We had to repeatedly go to the front desk to have the lane reset. We mentioned a possible refund or something for the inconvenience but we were told "We're too busy and people are waiting. Sorry, we can't do that." 

There was nothing they did to make sure that we came back again so... I won't be coming back again.
Even if you aren't really into bowling, you can still have a great time here. I don't bowl, so my review is for the rest of South Bowl's offerings. Great arcade games, including pinball and foosball, gorgeous rooftop with a great view, (and when you're lucky they do great rooftop parties), great drink selection and prices at the bar, and the bartenders are all really nice and friendly. I might come back to bowl sometime, but I would definitely come back for everything else (including to try the food)
I have jogged past this, driven by, scooted by... and just never been ready to bowl... but Saturday night, the stars aligned!

Some friends and I had a few cocktails, and then headed over to South bowl.  Upon arriving, we learned that the wait was approx. 1 1/2 hours... which wasn't a shocker given that it was prime time on a Saturday night.  We were prepared to grab a snack and a pint or a pitcher... and just relax!  We grabbed some real estate at the only available area- the pizza bar.  This is the catalyst for this establishment losing one star.  WHY is there a BAR WITH NO BOOZE?!?!  What a mean trick!  We sat there for like 15 minutes eye-stalking all of the servers to no end.  Ultimately, my husband ran over to the bar area and noticed that a group was getting up.  We settled into their bar table, and went to the bar for pitchers and menus.  We met our server when it was time to order... which honestly works.  I'm not expecting impeccable service from a bowling ally.  Instead, i just want an outlet to acquire some snackies.

Edamame fallafel was pretty exceptional.  The only thing that would have made it better was if there was a bit more TO it...  but for $5, i can hardly complain.  I also had half of a jalapeno cheddar bite which was DELICIOUS!  SO yummy.  The hubby got the buffalo wings and became very quiet which is a great sign that they were good.  My friends had the korean fried chicken tacos and seemed to enjoy them tremendously, along with the bacon tots which I refrained from eating, but I caught a cheesy side-tot which was a treat!  

Halfway through bowling, i ordered some Garlic and Herb tots and holy cannoli- do NOT eat these if you intend on making out with someone new... but for everyone else... EAT THESE!  They're DELICIOUS!

Now bowling- so after exactly an hour and a half, they called us to bowl.  We moved into a great little lane, picked out our ball, and had a grand old time.  The lanes have an option to sync your progress to facebook too if you're into funky social media options.  I must have enjoyed the beers a bit too much because my bowling game wasn't great... though it never is... 

All in all, we had a fabulous night!  I'd come back here in a heartbeat to eat... bowl... play pool... relax and hang out... watch a game... etc.  Just explain to me what that pizza bar is FOR?!?!?
DO NOT BRING YOUR MONEY HERE... I was verbally assaulted at this place just last night 11/14/2020 by the security guy and a girl name Jeibi or Jeyme a white girl... I called before heading to the place since I live 30 minutes away and I really wanted their wings. Once I step into the building the security guy had a  bad attitude and said they do not take orders and I have to do it online... I asked him to please call a server because I had call prior and they provided a diffident information.... long story short they do not care about their costumers is a shame because it's a nice place but the employees need a better training the girl was completely rude and did not even want to provide me instructions to order... EVEN DURING THE WORKD CRISIS THAT WE ARE GOING THROUGH SOME BUSINESS STILL DONT CARE ABOUT THEIR COSTUMERS...
Came here on a Thursday during happy hour, and it was the worst service I have ever experienced. The bar was not crowded and the bartender came to us two times. She waited on the people who sat down after us first. We had our entire order ready, but she wouldn't take our meal just the drink, and then forgot the meal we ordered.The people on both sides of us were getting served by her regularly. The female bartender, name I don't remember, but was short with blonde hair and a raspy voice, had the audacity to stand in front of us after she gave us the bill, waiting for a tip, I literally mean she would not leave until we gave her a tip (do you think she got one?).
I went to South Bowl this past Monday, and it was an absolutely fantastic experience. 

I was visiting Philly for the long weekend, and my boyfriend and I decided to go bowling on the rainy day. We arrived around 4:30 without a reservation - they happily accommodated both of us and it was happy hour pricing! $22 total for both of us to play two games + shoe rentals. We were very pleasantly surprised with the pricing. 

The atmosphere was very modern and clean - we had plenty of space at our bowling lane and had a blast. The food and beverage menus were extremely reasonably priced ($6 cocktails woohoo!). We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. My personal favorite was the Blueberry Lemonade cocktail. 

The main highlight though was the service - Megan was our waitress taking our food and drink orders, and she was just fabulous. She was so positive, friendly and attentive - we couldn't have asked for a better experience! She truly went above and beyond and we were blown away when she was checking in on us and personally making sure we were taken care of. Shout out to Megan for an A+ experience - you rock! 

I highly recommend South Bowl!
We've been here a few times to bowl and its always been a good experience. Each time we came it was always during the winter I believe so we never got to experience the outside section. 
This time we went for the batting cages, it was pretty cheap and you get a lot of baseballs to hit for a low price. That was our first time doing that so we got to check it off of our date list. We also got to play corn hole, which was her first time. They also had an outside bar that served food, arcade games, and other outdoor games were offered as well along with good music. 
Overall, we had a great time there, and will definitely be back.
Tots tots tots. This place is the JAM for tator tots. Also pool, bowling, booze, and other food. But man, those tator tots are goooood. 

Stopped here before a Flyers game as it's nice and close to the Wells Fargo Center. Having been to North Bowl before, I had high expectations of this place. From the outside, South Bowl doesn't look like a whole lot. It's one of those sweet 80s concrete fortresses, with a small parking lot around back and plenty of street parking. 
Once you walk through those doors, you're transported into this 
hip, modern bowling alley/bar/game zone. It is really something. Shout out to the giant SPARE marquee light on the way to the bathrooms-- that thing is pretty rad. 

Tuesday is taco tuesday, so tacos were half off. The orders of tacos were MASSIVE too- four packed tacos came out for one order. Killer. Also tried the grilled cheese bites with tomato soup. Grilled cheese bites were the right blend of crunchy and cheesy, but the soup left something to be desired. It was a bit too thick and a little chilly by the time it came out. Also tried the bacon and cheddar burger on a gluten free bun. It was reported to me that this was one of the better gluten free buns my gluten-free companion had tried! High praise! 

Let's talk tots. They are well known for these, and there's good reason. They have several different kinds, and after trying 3 different varieties, I will say I don't think you can go wrong with any of them. The garlic and herb tots were my fav- though these do pack a fresh garlic punch to the mouth. These are not a first date food. 

Check in on Yelp for a free shoe rental for your bowling extravaganza! They also have a ton of specials every day, so be sure to check them out depending on what you're coming here for.
Went on a date here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend. Because there were only two of us, we were able to get a lane immediately (we were told it was a 30 min wait if it were a larger party). Lane was great and had a lot of cool features. For instance you could take a selfie from the screen and upload it to your lane. You can also connect to social media. Anyway bowling was great. I had a burger and tots ($9.50) which was delicious and I had some sort of tequila and honey drink which was one of the best cocktails I've ever had and only $6 (all drinks were pretty cheap. My boyfriend had the pizza which he did not like and we split the wavy tots which were also good. Our server was great, but it took a while for the food to come out. We ordered before we started and it didn't come out until the 3rd frame of our second game. Overall a great night and we will return.
South Bowl is a great place to have a low key night with friends and kick some butt in bowling. 


We came with a large party on a Saturday. Almost roughly 25-30 of us. Disclaimer ** you can't reserve lanes in advance ** so we got there around 6:30PM and were told we wouldn't be able to get a lane until around 9PM. We found some seats at the bar and made due of our time. Eventually 9PM came and went and we were told we could have the upstairs lounge upstairs for the remainder of the evening. Includes 4 private lanes + a full bar. The space is so nice. However, the bathrooms were disgusting when we first got up there. Once that was fixed it was all good.

Our bartender was nice. We had no problems with our lanes and I'm still thinking about the buffalo Mac and Cheese I had.
it makes my heart aflutter that bowling alleys are back. 
And not just back but bigger, better and modernized. 
At least some things  avoid becoming obsolete.
I have only been at SoBowl one time for an unexpected good time with DJ Del spinning Boogie,Funk,Disco at Labor Day  dance party atop the rooftop deck.
I'd most definitely return for everything else it has to offer.
By the way its enough for me alone, to appreciate management's insight to provide a good,solid DJ to spin.
I can go on about the lack of good DJ's in Philadelphia clubs.
Many younger, lazy non DJ's  play record company drone, unimaginative, manufactured, spoon fed souless garbage referred to as popular music generated by American Idol memes. 
This makes not only one not feel like dancing but also feel like poking one's eyes out listening to the likes of Beyoncé or (need I say it again...) American Idol talentless creations. 
But thank you SouthBowl for bringing DJ Del and turning out soulful music that keeps percussion rhythm  and bass alive.
Two instruments missing from much of current popular music. 
Please , please more Stevie Wonder, Tina Marie, old school RandB Funk!!!
Add to the fact it was a nice vibe at the dance party. It was my first time hearing Del and the vibe of the people he brings together is quite refreshing.

South Bowl is an adult playground with nice modern touches, p!ently of  bowling,pool tables, pinball machines,air hockey, video games, wood fire oven, lounging, roof top deck,dancing  and just a nice wide open,spacious place to hang out anytime. 
Everyone can get satisfied here.
I took my dad, a curmudgeonly old 70something, here to relive his bowling glory days.  It wasn't really a good idea.

We came in about 730 on a Sunday night.  An off night, sure, but it's still dinner time!  We looked around and couldn't find any diners or servers, so we headed to the bar.

The service was moderately slow.  I noticed the bartender doing side work instead of handling our drinks or orders.  And the bartender even remarked that the food came out slowly.

I ordered the Korean chicken tacos.  I liked the spiciness, but the texture and temperature of the fried chicken was not right.  It was kind of cold and soft.  I expect fried chicken to be hot and crispy.  My dad ordered a chicken cutlet, but he found it spicy.  That's probably more a comment about my dad's ability to handle a longhot.

One thing was confusing on the menu - the tacos were listed with the sandwiches and at the top of that section it says "all sandwiches come with tots, specialty tots 1$ extra" so when the bill came with a 5.50 charge for my specialty tots I was not thrilled to learn that tacos don't come with tots.

This place seemed like a fine place to come as a hipster looking for drinks and games, but not a great sports bar or activity with my 70 year old dad.
Probably THE worst bowling experience I've ever had and NO it had nothing to do with my God-awful score.

I literally just left the place and I cannot help but to post this review immediately so I can feel a little bit better about myself.  Since I was with my family, I kept my composure and I am extremely proud of myself.

We walk in I was very surprised of the ascetics of the place.  Great looking establishment.  There you are...that is your one and only star.

We get to our booth/lane and get settled.  Our server takes our beverage order and 10 minutes later our drinks come.  It was busy, but 10 minutes was a long time.  

Next was the food...the Mac and Cheese tasted sour.  The best part of it was the Goldfish crumbled on top.  And the "wings" were actual drumsticks.  They looked great, but the attempt failed and it reminded me of rotisserie chicken dipped in hot sauce, but the chicken was a little undercooked.

So, as bad as the food was, that wasn't the worst part of the experience.  The actual bowling lanes were malfunctioning for the first 30 minutes and I had to keep asking my kids to wait...that was fun...

Don't get me wrong, the dude that help fix the technical problems was fantastic.  The manager, didn't seem to care or notice until I walked over to him.  Then he had someone ask me if I wanted to move or wait.  We were with another family at the next lane, so waiting was the only option.

"Would you like a drink on us?  Or would you like something to eat while you wait," was not mentioned once.  I am not looking for a handout, but I did have to keep my kids entertained for a good 10 minutes due to the faulty equipment.  Needless to say, before it was fixed, the pins would get wiped out and the game (the technical stuff at the end of the lane) would freeze after every ball thrown down the lane.

Again, this was not enjoyable and I wasted time and money.  To top it off we paid for two games and when I went up to say we weren't playing the second game and the reason why, they still made me pay for the first game.  Now, I didn't ask for anything, but I also didn't think I had to.  I didn't get what I paid for, which was a "simple" game of bowling with my family, but according to the girl at the counter, an "unenjoyable" game of bowling with several delays/issues, should cost the same amount.

Never again!

This is the reason I prefer to go to Jersey and pay the $5 toll for family outings.  Customer service and price point are so much better.
This was my first time going to South Bowl and the experience was overall pleasant. This was Friday night 7:30 pm. The wait wasn't too bad and you can just eat while you wait because there are some tables near the bar that you can accommodate a small group. 
The pricing was $5.95 per game and roughly $6 for shoe rental. TIP: there is free shoe rental with a Yelp check in.. 
I wish I knew that earlier before I checked yelp after all was over. 

I thought the price was on the higher side. And was cash only for bowling. So if you run out of cash, no more bowling unless you go to ATM. For food you can use a credit card. 
Also the lanes were very oily. Or at least I was not used to the ball not hooking well at the end of the lane.. 

The waitress was fantastic and kind and offered a drink for my birthday. 
The food was decent and price is what you expect at bowling alleys. 

I would go to try again if I'm looking to bowl in the city.

3.5 stars
I want to thank everyone who reviewed South Bowl on Yelp and posted their experiences before I went because their website gave almost no information.  I found out about the cash only policy, the long wait to bowl, and the overall feeling of the place being an experiment (from the food choices, drinks, and general lack of quality service) all from Yelp reviews, so I had my expectations very tempered.  The place is brand new, so I didn't really knock them for getting the kinks out.

It was my birthday.  We got there at about 6:30.  We were told about an hour and a half wait to bowl.  No problem.  My friends were there, had a few drinks, watch some NCAA March Madness.  Before I knew it, it was time to bowl.  Ordered some delicious tater tots.  Had some delicious drinks.  Bowled really well.

And then it was time for my birthday cake.  For some crazy reason, we were told we were not allowed to bring our own cake in.  So my birthday party almost was ruined because there would be no obligatory birthday cake.  But the assistant manager allowed it after a LENGTHY discussion.  This stupid policy is why it should really be a 3 out of 5.

It got bumped back up to a 4 because the GENERAL MANAGER bought my a shot of whiskey for my birthday on the house.  I had a ball.  If you come, make sure you come early to get parking and to reserve a lane so you won't be waiting 3-4 hours which seems commonplace at this spot.
Took the kids here in a Saturday afternoon. I have to say it was super expensive for the 4 of us to bowl. It was $57.00 for 2 games.  They only take cash for bowling which I thought was really strange. We ordered some picky food and that was another $60. The food was decent for a bowling alley but  it really wasn't worth the $100 for less than two hours of bowling and some snacks.
I feel conflicted writing this review but I have to say that the bowling alley it self is really chic, clean and modern. I love the look and feel of this place and it is quite the nice place to have some fun and bowl a few frames. The food was fantastic too. I had the burger and tots and the burger was plenty flavorful and juicy and the tots brought back some memories. 

The customer service at this place though could use some work. After dropping about $260 for 2 lanes and 2 games for a group of 12 ish we were asked in the middle of the first game to move to the next 2 lanes while they restarted the lanes. Mind you at this point we had about $250 worth of food on our tables and did not feel like moving everything to the next 2 lanes. When we protested this move he conceded and allowed us to wait the 15 minutes while the lane restarted, which should have been an option the first time around. He did offer the help our waitress who was great by the way but we felt this burden should not have been placed on her. 

At the end of the night after we got our shoes we were standing in the lobby saying our goodbyes and one of the security guards asked us "are you guys waiting for a ride or something?" Im sorry but his passive aggressive way of asking to get out was pretty damn rude. I would have been  more understanding with the explanation of liking to keep the lobby clear, even though it wasn't busy at all. 

TL;DR. Bowling is fine but customer service aside from our waitress was way lacking.
The bike parking and customer service issues of my previous post persist, but last night was a final-straw moment. I don't care how good the food is, I won't be going there again. 

My almost 50 year old boyfriend was denied entrance last night because his driver's license recently expired. Really? Does an expired ID mean you start aging in reverse? The bouncer said 'that's our policy' and made no exception for us. 

We called and spoke with the manager, J.J., who was equally smug and curt, saying it wasn't a corporate policy but a state law that they have to card everyone and cannot accept expired IDs. This is either 1) a lie, and it is just a blanket policy to deny customers entry because they can't handle simple decision making such as 'the guy with the grey hair in his beard is over 21 even though he can't legally drive at the moment' or 2) true, but you regularly ignore you own rules because this is the first time we've ever been carded there. We've gone there for years, and instead of attempting to be sympathetic or diplomatic, their apathetic and unfriendly response was that they are fine with us taking our business elsewhere. 

I have submitted an inquiry to the PA Liquor Control Board to get clarification on the legality of their policy. It's been assigned to a staff attorney for further research and I'm awaiting additional information.
So much to do here and so much fun!  Being the tomboy that I am, this place is my element!  Food, drinks, and games, the perfect combination and day.

I went on a weekday and enjoyed the outdoor area earlier in the day ~3pm.  There wasn't a lot of people there at first so we had the bar area to ourselves and options for the batting cages.  We had outdoor seating with umbrellas available to us as well.  The food and snacks were pretty good, no complaints but average bar scene type food.  I've hadn't had the chance to bowl at this location but I'm sure it's also as thoroughly entertaining.  It was a great time!
The epitome of poor service !!! South Bowl has a lot of potential. The parking lot is too tight and there isn't much street parking. 

The server did not even ask for our drink order when we were seated. She seed so flustered, kept forgetting the simplest things.  We waited about 30 minutes for our order to be taken. After we thought we order she came back 15 minutes later to ask what we had ordered again, Then another 45 minutes for the food. It was cold and my ketchup had been dropped which I had to wait another 20 minutes for. 

Once the lane finally opened we decided to walk over to the bar. The bartender took about 15 minutes to even acknowledge us. Then requested that we wait another moment while she took other guest orders who seemed to have approached the bar after us. 

By this time I was completely over it and figured that I would just enjoy my family's company and bowl. 

2 Stars because despite the poor service I enjoyed myself and the Food Runners & Bussers were very hospitable.
Fun times for groups. There's a bar and the food is ok for bar food. Service is good, no one hovers or is intrusive.
Went to South Bowl on Saturday night with a large group of friends and we had a blast -  I love it here!!!!  The space is beautifully done with two different bar areas, two different game areas filled with video games and pool tables,  and lanes on both floors. There was a DJ spinning great music and the food was fantastic. We were 10 people and did have to wait about 30minutes for our lanes to become available side by side but I wouldn't expect anything different at 9:30pm on a Saturday night and this gave us some time to get drinks at the bar.   I can't wait for the weather to break to hang outside on the roof deck. We will definitely be back.
STOLE MY MONEY!!  My first time here and I had a wonderful time, the food was good, drinks were even better and all of our servers were friendly.  however, I wish i could rate my experience a ZERO.  I left my card at the bar for my tab and the next day my credit card was charged with over $400 of merchandise from Macys!  The items were delivered to an address in Secane, PA.  

I felt so violated.  And I know if I would have contacted this venue they would have done nothing about it but write my name down.  Thankfully my bank was able to give my money back and even Macys compensated me for the theft.  I will never come back here and if you must go keep you credit/debit card on you!  You've been warned.
Wowwww!! Waited here for 1.5 hours (on two seperate ocassions) They told me it would be a 35-40 minute wait! It wasnt even busy! Had 4 lanes open and they still didn't give us a lane. DO NOT COME HERE TO BOWL!  They didnt even have sports games on their TVs. Some were just turned off. Also the lack of parking sucks! These guys need to have better management. the ONLY bright side is they have good beer on taps and they are reasonably cheap. I would rather go to Playdrome or D&B.
I wasn't blown away by South Bowl, but it was decent. 

When we arrived, there were two private events going on, so you weren't able to get to the bar. However, this would have been nice to know when we called ahead to see if we could reserve lanes (you can't). 

Food quality is much better than what you'd expect at a typical bowling alley. They have a full bar and you can eat/drink at your lane since the servers will come to you.

I'd come again, but probably during an off-peak time.
Came here on a Saturday night to bowl for a birthday. They don't take reservations so it's first come first serve. We were fine waiting and gave them my ID and got a pager. An hour into waiting went to check how much longer the wait was and they had never assigned our pager. Instead of doing anything to compensate they put us 5th in line. 

Over an hour and 15 minutes later and we still didn't have a Lane. We turned in our pager and left.

Got some drinks and wine while we were waiting. Fairly priced and decent but not the best. Won't be coming back.
The lanes were wonderful, appropriately greased up, and our cash-only bowling went off with out a hitch. The space is huge and gorgeous inside, there is a nice outside deck on the second floor.  As you enter, it's not easy to figure out where you are supposed to go.  The sign on the building says "So th owl" and I'm not sure if it's supposed to be cute or if construction is still in progress.   There is parking in the back and front of the building, as well as plenty of street parking.

The beer selection is decent at a decent price, but the draft menu only lists the breweries (e.g., Sly Fox, Smuttynose, Flying Fish) and not the style of beer, so choosing a beer required a five minute conversation with the server.  In the craft beer mecca of South Philadelphia, I would suggest a beer list that actually the beers on offer.  Not many people choose their beer solely based on the breweries.  

The first beer ordered by my table of three took five frames to arrive.  We later realized our server was the only one for 15 lanes, all of which were occupied at 2 pm on a Sunday afternoon.  There were other staff hanging out and not helping (including the bartender, who had no one at the bar and was not helping).  This seems like a management issue, the server did the best she could with 15 "tables."  Hopefully, they work out the kinks.

One big issue I have with both North and South Bowl:  They take your license to hold your place in line.  Since North Bowl somehow managed to give my license to someone else once, I am not a fan of the license holding practice.  I don't see the point.  Are you really that worried someone will run off with a buzzer?  The practice has long existed at cheesecake factory, and they've managed to make their business work without taking and holding your personal identification information.
You can bring your own booze and food to a real bowling alley for a fraction of the price of this overpriced, abysmally managed enterprise that seems to exist to provide employment for people who are too stupid and/or rude to work anywhere else. (I'm sure some if not most of the staff are fine, but a few rotten apples . . .) And the management are worse than the staff. I don't complain to management often, but I've never before had them be more rude than the person I was complaining about. 

Seriously, don't give these people your money. Sooner or later, someone there will piss you off, appeals to management will not help, and you'll regret having ever patronized them before and wish you could take every penny back. Mark my words.

And remember: you can bring your own beer and pizza to a real bowling alley for next to nothing, comparatively. Why throw your money away on rude jerks?
I came here on a date which we had reservations for.  upon entry we were welcomed by a outdoor bar where there was security to immediately check our IDs and to make sure our masks were on. after we were ID we went to the bar and got our drinks before we went bowling because you can't have food inside or drinks. the tables were spread apart for social distancing we were told we had to keep our masks on at all times while bowling or else we will be asked to leave which I thought was very responsible of them. 
When we went inside to check in, there was only one person at the front desk and  we had to wait for about 10 minutes until she got off the phone which was kind of annoying because we was on time and we wanted to bowl at our scheduled times. then there was a line behind us so i assumed they were short staffed. 
Either way we eventually got our shoes and we board at the last lane. 
overall we had a great time and the staff was pretty nice to us and the food that we had was actually very filling and delicious so we will return!
We needed something a little low key and air conditioned on a muggy Saturday evening so why not go bowling! We decided to give South Bowl a try hoping it would be a place worthy of the Dude or, uh His Dudeness, or uh Duder, or El Duderino, if ur not into the whole brevity thing. 

The place was really nice, very clean and family friendly (21 and up after 9pm). The staff was nice and there was no wait (we went around 5:30 on a Saturday). 

We rolled a couple of games and had no problems. The people next to us had issues with their lane, it kept breaking down on them, but the staff seemed to quickly respond and get the issue fixed until it happened again. 

After we got settled and rolled a few balls the waitress came over and took our order. The menu looked nice but I wasn't too impressed with the food itself. We got the jalapeño pretzel bites, they were really doughy and seemed more like a dinner roll filled with cheese and jalapeño, only thing pretzel about them was the pretzel salt on the top. We also ordered the tots and not much to say about them, they were tots, nothing to write home about.

It was a fun evening so next time someone says f**k it Dude, let's go bowling we will visit South Bowl. We will remember that this not Nam, this is bowling. There are rules. We will roll on Shabbos because the Dude abides.
I really like South Bowl. They have a pretty good selection of drafts and the menu is solid. In addition to the bowling alley there is an abundance of video games and pinball machines inside and the Yard off the parking lot. 
Also in the yard are bocce courts, batting cages,corn hole and a small bar 
I have always had a great time here and would recommend it as a fun date night or night out with friends. There is something for everyone here.
Great new bowling alley in South Philly! I'm so glad that I don't have to bother with the hipsters at North Bowl, the parking situation at Lucky Strike, nor do I need to cross the bridge into Jersey to go to Playdrome. South Bowl is my new jam for bowling. 

Came here with colleagues on a random Wednesday night. It wasn't overly crowded, so we didn't have to deal with the two-game maximum... We played 5. 

The food was surprisingly good for a bowling alley. The tater tots and arugula pizza were def my fave. Our server was bubbly and she refilled our glasses pretty often. The place is clean and your feet don't stank since the shoes are still kind of new.

Coming back in a few weeks for a corporate event and looking forward to it!
Extremely disappointed with South Bowl. 
I rarely write reviews, but they had an advertised Sunday night special until closing (2 AM). 

My group and I arrived at 12:15 AM to be told that they had decided to close down all the lanes early. With advertised hours until 2, all I can say is that I wasted money on an Uber to this place and if this is any indication of their business quality, stay away.
Visited South Bowl on Christmas eve around 6:30pm. We were waiting inside the establishment for another friend to arrive and start together. We waited for around 30min and decided to started without our friend, when we came up to the register to pay for our bowling fees. Guess what, the cashier told us that we can not start a new game because they are closing early at 8pm that day. I can tolerate the holiday joy and all. However, all of my party consists of 5 people were waiting inside the establishment and sitting on the bench for at least a good 30min and no one was bothered to tell us that they were closing earlier. I would have gone to another place if they have told us earlier. Great place, but so disappointed with the workers there. Seems like they never wanted to work there in the fist place.
I came here with my friend for his bday last Saturday around 9pm. There was a 2 1/2 hour wait for bowling. I thought that was pretty ridiculous but it was his bday weekend. Also, we planned on eating and drinking anyway so we agreed to it. The dining area is self-seating. We waited about 30 Mins for the waitress to greet us. She was very kind and courteous when she came. It was really packed in there so I was patient. We ordered two orders of buffalo wings, and he ordered steak tacos. I really liked the buffalo wings. They were fried hard with plenty of sauce. The steak tacos were extremely dry. We ordered them at north bowl before and they were good, not the same for here. One thing I found unusual was that our waitress asked for a debit card to "hold" our table. I was confused because there were so many empty tables. We just payed after our first meal. Later on we wanted drinks while we were waiting for bowling, so we ordered two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc. My friend wanted pretzel bites, which weren't so appetizing. They were stuffed with jalapeño cheese and other stuff. Our waitress asked for a card to hold our table again!! It seemed as if she thought we would skip out on the check. I only ordered again because I figured it wouldn't be a problem since we already paid once. So we just paid and didn't order anything else after that. She seemed anxious, which made me uncomfortable. Although she was kind about it. It would've been nice to enjoy our meal in peace. Bowling was awesome. Our lane opened up around 11pm, so we waited 2 hours which was ok. Lanes are extremely close. The sitting area is big enough to share with another party so no problems there. Prolly wouldn't go back, I don't like negative vibes.
Horrible customer service, bad at estimating time, and an overall terrible time. I will never go back or recommend anyone bowling here.
This probably would have been a nice time if I was informed by the cashier before waiting 45 minutes that this was a cash only business.  I refuse to use ATM machines in businesses because I can withdraw cash from my bank ATM and not be charged fees, which I would have done while I was waiting to bowl. The layout is wrong and to small and this might be the reason why everyone is made to wait to bowl unless you make a reservation or have an event party scheduled here. The atmosphere leaves a little to be desired and the food prices seem to be a little pricey for my taste, considering the menu consists of foods that you can get at any local restaurant. It may be a little inconvenient with parking, but I would sooner patron Lucky Strike in Center City because at least there are three floors of bowling lanes and probably half the wait time (if any). This is something that my son wanted to do for his 18th birthday and South Bowl was highly recommended, but the recommendation was a little off!
This is a great spot to hang and have some evening late night fun. The servers service the bowling area so you don't have to go to the bar every time you need a drink but the low amount of staff means they're not hovering, but that also means that you may have to wave em down a few times. Cash only for bowling but there's an atm and the bar/food takes cards.
Tried going on a Saturday night, $15 cover. You then have have to pay to bowl, obviously pay to drink, and there was a wait for a lane. In my opinion, asking people to pay $15 for a chance to bowl is ridiculous. 

The lanes and bowling balls are great, but Lucky Strike and Revolutions in Philly are better from a service standpoint. At this point I'll be checking those two places before South Bowl.
I was surprised by the incredibly poor service.  I can't believe I have to go to the burbs to find reasonably priced fun bowling for families.
I haven't even bowled yet so this is a little biased but still feels necessary. Picked this place because it looked cool and my friends thought it was BYOB (it wasn't but it's still fine). We got there at 7:30 to learn there weren't any lanes on a Monday and it's an hour wait (fine). Then we learn there are more lanes upstairs but they only use them "when they're busy". I get it, not usually busy on a monday, but now it's 8:40 and we just asked and now it's 30 mins "or less" (like it's some kind of good deed by this bowling alley to say one hour turned into an hour and a half "or less"). So the upstairs lanes honestly feel a little necessary.

To add on top of that, if you want drinks, your hour and a half (maybe less) must be spent at the bar if you want to get drinks, because you must open a tab (with that second credit card we all have?, I mean come on guys it's south philly) wherever you are at the time, even if it's around the corner (I mean like ten feet max).

The bartender will say "the pitcher is four and hayyyf drinks" which isn't even a Philly accent. I'll update this when I actually bowl if that ever happens.
I came here New Year's eve day. We went bowling, ate and drank. We checked in on Yelp and got a free shoe rental - so we only had to play for the two games. After bowling we ordered appetizers: Cesar salad with grilled cheese croutons... delicious!! We also ordered nachos (there was a lot of confusion because it came with vegan cheese but we wanted real cheese). It took about 40 minutes or so until we received the nachos- I didn't love them, there weren't enough toppings. But the staff was very nice and took the nachos off the bill because it took them so long to bring it out. 

I will definitely return! We had a great time here!
I and two other people went there on a Tuesday night. They did not advertise that it was league night. It was pretty empty when we got there at 6 pm through when we left at 7:30. Since they needed to reserve all 25-30 lanes in the main area they packed us in this side area. 

There were 3 lanes, but only 2 tables to put food and drink on. To be polite when one of the two tables was clear we started to move some of our stuff onto the edge of the other table to accommodate when more customers would need the table we were taking up. At that point the manager (I'm guessing) came over and picked up the stuff we put down on the other table and condescendingly said "I'm just gonna put this over here", putting our food and drink on the other table and just walked away. It was pretty rude. I wanted to politely tell him that that was rude, uncalled for and that we weren't trying to take over both tables, but he had this attitude that he was going to yell at me if I said anything, so it definitely was not worth it. It was unnecessarily unpleasant and an overall fart on the evening.

Overall I wouldn't go back.
I'm not the biggest fan of bowling, but I really love South Bowl.  I've been here on Friday nights and the place is big enough that it's never really crowded, which is great.

Bowling isn't too expensive, and they have cheap beers ($2.50 PBRs, yum) to get you through a couple of games.  Service is hit or miss, but I'm willing to forgive that in a place like this.

I haven't gotten food myself, but others that I've been with have and they've said that it's great.  I've had some of the tater tots, though, and they are perfect!
A great space on Oregon Ave that is good for all ages.  There menu and drinks are equally great and the best part may be the affordable pricing for everything.  My boyfriend and I will definitely be back with friends for a fun night out.
I came here on a Saturday night as an out-of-towner. I never made it into the bowling lane because of the incredibly rude and bouncer who had an attitude like he enjoyed making people's lives difficult. It indicated to me that this place does not know how to treat customers and frankly doesn't care to.

As a tourist making a day trip into Philly, I had promised to bring someone home a cheesesteak. It was wrapped up in a to-go box, in a plastic bag in my backpack. I was searched upon entry into the building and I was then told that I couldn't bring outside food into the building. I explained to the bouncer that I had just come from dinner and that this was food with a "to-go" purpose that I would not consume on the premises. He just said "no food" and shrugged me off and began searching the next people who walked in. Never talked to me again. I understand all establishments have their policies and I wasn't expecting special treatment, but just the way the bouncer dealt with me I found to be incredibly rude and impersonal. There was no option for me to maybe leave my bag with the front desk, or any effort to try to see how we could come to an understanding. 

Oh well, looks like I dodged a bullet and I'm glad I didn't end up patronizing this establishment. I walked back out into the 20 degree weather, which frankly was a more welcoming environment than South Bowl.
Awesome alternative to Lucky Strike and North Bowl, although, yes, it is a hike out of the way but that's why there is Uber and Lyft! The prices are great, the facilities are new and modern. They have tons of drinks, as well as food specials. The food is on the fancier side for a bowling alley, I think we ordered almost everything on the menu, and everyone really liked the quesadillas, vegetarian drum sticks, tater tots and peirogies, as well as the pizzas. There is also a special for $2 games during the week. 0o and of course the cheesecake bites were great.

Great spot for a laid back night out with friends!
Ok this is not a good start. It took 10 mins for the bartender to acknowledge us and then she whispered the seasonal beers after we asked. Got beers and asked for a food menus. 10-15 mins go buy and she's filling a water glass near us and I ask if she could put in a quesadilla for us (very politely not demanding or shouting or anything rude). Whoa! I must have fried her brain because I got scolded and told not to talk to her unless she makes eye contact. Remember she was just doing one thing, filling water for the person next to us. Not crazy busy either, maybe 12 ppl on her side of the bar. She came back about 2mins later and asked what we wanted. Hint: it's a quesadilla. I'm a bartender and would NEVER scold a customer like that. 



Now I'm waiting 7+ mins for a refill on my beer because I can't get eye contact.  Mean while the other bartender on the other side of the clearly split bar is killing it. To the point I just watched people move sides because our bartender,  with the bird tattoo, sucks. Our quesadilla arrives, pretty decent. Then we watch this donkey try to give us and several other people food we didn't order because she can remember whose it is (remember only about 12 ppl) Now 10 mins in and no beer and I'm staring her down (for eye contact), we are moving too. Fire this girl.

Update: +1 star -went upstairs, Dante is the man. I barely sat down and dude had a drink in my hand. Wood fired pizza is great, tots are tots...so pretty good.


Update#2: so after the rest of the night + 1 star. The team upstairs killed it and as it got busier their bar still held up.

UPDATE #3: So I went back after a few month to see if it got any better. It didn't. 12 people at the main bar and the bartender was in the weeds real bad. Nice Girl honestly, just not a very good bartender. Food took way too long, not sure if she rang it in late or the kitchen effed up but 30 minutes for some apps, not good. You have to be able to multitask. If there are two people in the group ask both of them what they want and get both drinks not one at a time. Also, the Short haired blondish manager was completely inept at seeing this girl was struggling. And fix you damn tap lines! If its pissing out foam reset the pressure in the keg itself or make sure the CO2 and No2 are at he right pressure, otherwise you get warm over pressured lines that waste beer. Looking at you owner guy in the blue polo that had no business being behind the bar.

What I've noticed as a pattern for those that will still go to the downstairs bar, stay to the bowling alley side. They basically forget about the far side of the bar.
Great Experience at South Bowl. Actually mistakenly went to North Bowl not knowing there was a North And South Bowl. North Bowl is a clean venue in the Liberties but I liked the South Bowl venue better. Much bigger, Clean, Quick Service and its own parking. Good Times!!
My friend asked my roomie and I if we wanted to go to South Bowl for food/drinks. I was skeptical because why eat/drink without bowling? How good could food be at a bowling alley?

I ate my words because the food was incredible. They have an awesome happy hour special on summer Friday evenings that certainly is bringing us back. Tacos and lamb sliders were my favorite.

Bartender (Sam) was amazing. Really attentive and friend and made it feel like we were visiting our neighborhood bar. We got the Shandy and Watermelon tequila drinks. They were really delicious. 

We'll be back, for sure.
I've been here a few times but after the most recent trip I was compelled to write a review. A couple of buddies and I went to the flyers game earlier in the night and decided to cap off a great day with some beers and bowling. Hopped right on a lane and had drinks in our hands within minutes. One of us even bowled three strikes in a row which equals a free shot of wild turkey. We were having a great time so we decided to pay for a third game. We were all in flyers garb and the guy at the register (who had earlier helped us after we screwed up the computer) asked if we had gone to game. We responded in the affirmative and he said it was on the house. Just an awesome end to a great night. Can't wait to go back! (oh and the tots are amazing)
This is a great place to go if you're looking to go bowling, or shoot pool! It's nicely decorated and very spacious, they have many sections and a 2nd floor as well. Very accommodating to small or large groups, and I've never experienced a wait. Food and drink selection is pretty good here - I love that they even offer vegan options ( the vegan nachos are highly recommended!). The only negative is that the bowling balls were a bit oily/slippery last I went - maybe due to kid's greasy pizza eating fingers? Idk, but all in all, I always have a fun time when coming here. It can be pricey but I believe they have happy hour specials so definitely look into that.
My first time at South Bowl was pretty good. I was was a bit apprehensive about coming around 7 on a Saturday night, as I was expecting a crowd and difficulty finding parking. Surprisingly there were multiple spots in and around the parking lot, and the cashier told us it was only a 45 minute wait to bowl. The Hubs and I decided to hang out at the bar while waiting for our lane, and I have to say-- the drinks were great. The food kind of took a while to come, but it also was fairly good. I had the Fried Chicken Bao Buns with what looked like waffle chips (I believe the menu said 'fries' but I wouldn't call them that). My only complaint was the chips were a bit chewy. Otherwise, the chicken was great. Loved the slaw and the pickle. (I'm not usually a slaw person)  My husband didn't rave about his food but seemed to like his burger, and I stole half his tots, so I can say those also tasted pretty good.

Service was OK. The guy bartender who took our drink orders was friendly and funny. The woman who took our food order and opened the tab, I couldn't really tell. She wasn't very expressive, maybe annoyed. Anyway, we didn't have much communication with her which was good. 

The actual bowling was fun. I liked how it was easy to set up the game. The lanes we were on were narrow and in the back, which made it feel more intimate. My only gripe about the bowling was sometimes either the ball would get stuck or the pens needed to be reset and there did not seem to be any easy way to rectify the issue besides to keep bowling. I'm not sure of who I could have even asked to help. 

This place very much seems to be good for amateur bowlers who also want to eat good food and drink well (other bowling alleys aren't going to give you much beyond pizza and fries variety), so I think it serves its duel purposes pretty well. I'd go back for a light activity.

My tips are to come with cash if you're planning on bowling, and be ready to spend a lot if you play multiple games and also eat/drink. The night altogether was not cheap, but I guess we got 2 experiences out of it: both food and an activity. But that was WITH getting the free shoe rental via Yelp check-in. Just an FYI: Keep it moving if you're not ready to drop over $40 or so in one night.
This place is AWESOME! So impressed by the magnitude and the incredible job they did with this space. It is GORGEOUS.
So far, I have tried the sausage/broccoli rabe pizza and the tater tots, both delicious! 
The beer and liquor selection is great as well. Oh! and they had a DJ playing both times I was there, great tunes! 
I think everyone needs to remember that they JUST OPENED. All new businesses need a little time to work out the kinks. 
I, personally am so appreciative that I don't have to go far from my neighborhood to bowl, so fun!
We held our child's birthday yesterday at South Bowl and it was absolutely phenomenal!  Very clean, very modern, great customer service, better parking situation than north bowl.  We were in the upstairs loft area which has four lanes, a bar, and arcade games, and outdoor deck.  Food was catered by them and it was absolutely delicious.  We had tater tots, pretzel bites, beef sliders, spanish tots, buffalo wings, cheesesteaks, and short rib quesadilla(amazing!!).  The waitress who took care of us in the afternoon was sensational (Megan.)  We also had ice cream from one of their vendors Weckerleys (not sure of spelling??)...guests raved about it.
My first time at South Bowl, and this place is amazing!

Except for one thing. The service. Our server had more lanes than she was capable of taking, which meant we didn't see her unless it was every half an hour. Got our food. And all I needed was ketchup. I asked a bus boy. Saw him pass our lane about 6 times and no ketchup. Asked our actual server, and the same result. Passed our land 6 times and no ketchup. I finally had to ask a server that wasn't even in our section, just so happen to be coming from the kitchen and yes! Finally! The simplest condiment known to man finally in my hands. Thank you, Sarina! Now, again the wait to see our server. In the mean time, we'll continue to go to the bar since we can't seem to order drinks from the designated person that was suppose to help us in our time.
The food was good but the staff was horrible. Me and my sister ordered food but wanted separate checks they ask to hold a card even though we were paying with cash I felt like it was because we were black.Then my other sister came a little bit later she order food and the lady made her pay up front for her food. Then we had about two turn left and the manger I guess that who he was stood over our lane then came over and said when Pumpkin (who is my 4 yr old daughter) is finish bowling they needed the dinosaur even though my niece who is 3 needed to use it after her. I feel that this place is racist and will not be back.
Horrible service at the bar, the lane service, and the manager. We can with a group (8) and waited about an hour for a lane (plenty were open) before we went and asked if we could be seated. The waitress at the bar, after collecting tabs, asked for a tip...not knowing that we were going to tip her in cash. That was very tacky. Finally, since they put 7 of us on one lane, obviously the game went slow. We initially paid for 2 rounds but were told if we didn't play the second game we could be refunded. Cool. Went to the front desk only to find out the system had been shut down and they money withdrawn from the drawers. Okay fine. The manager comes and offers us a free game of bowling. He gave our group ONE card and said we all had to come back together. We told him some of us were from out of town and asked if he could give us all our own individual card. He said he only had one card on him. (What type of businessman only has ONE card on hand?) He also said the card could be used for a group of up to 6. We had 7 people who paid! He was very condescending, rude, and did nothing to alleviate the problem or keep potential customers. I will never go back to South Bowl. The music was terrible too. Who wants to hear slow Christmas music on a Friday night?!
South bowl is one of the few places I know in Philly that I can go to for bowling, and although i've been here only a handful of times, I can say that it's a great hangout spot for a group of friends because it has a great selection of foods from their menu + an array of things to do like pool, a photo booth, and a few arcade games. 

According to the food, everything we ordered went pretty well. Something that stood out the most was the OG Mac & Cheese we had; it was delicious! I didn't know if it was just me, but it was the best mac i've had in a while. So good that I was tempted to order a plate to go! (P.S. don't order the jalapeño pretzel bites, we didn't really enjoy the inside and it probably not worth the price)


Lastly, my experience here went well and South Bowl is a great spot for hanging out with friends as well as filling up your belly with the delicious appetizers you can share amongst your friends.
Poor customer service and they have a ridiculous rule that children can't come in after 9...on a weeknight...in the summer...the cashier was ready to take my money...when her coworker whispered to her...but said nothing to me...remember it's 840.  So I asked out of curiosity about the statement because I knew they stayed open pretty late...so what time do you close? She then states that children have to be out by 9.  Well why didn't you say that in the first place? And who makes up such a rule? Why would I pay for him to bowl 20 minutes?  On top of that, prior to that conversation, the cashier lied and said that a group behind me was there before me and provided service to them first...if they were standing behind me at that very point and time, then they were second in line.  Besides, they said nothing to me.  There was one group in front of me when I got there and they were taken care of...then me.  Once I actually walked up to the counter, she bounced away and came back a few minutes later.  So how did she know that there was another group before me? Not sure.  Customer service and communication goes a LONG way! Will NEVER get my patronage. Also watched them turn away a family with about 6 Kids as I was getting back into my car.  At least, someone came out and told them before they came in and got their children's hopes all up like mine.
Easily the worst entertainment experience I've ever been subjected to. Originally put in our names to bowl, we were told it would be 30-45 minute wait. An hour later when we asked for a status update we were told it would be another 15 minutes. After waiting another 30 minutes after that where were told it would be another 45 minutes to an hour. Will not return, nor suggest this place to anyone.
I visited this place for the second time today and while my first visit was great, my second was absolutely BAD!

Let's begin what is advertised on their brand new website. First they mention that they ID people at 8PM and move out minors at 9PM. I visited around 4:30 PM a time where minors are welcome to bowl, eat food and just have a good time. I'm an adult, but I'm pretty short. I've been over 21 for many years now, but when I walked in I was felt very unwelcome by what I was told was the owner of the place. Not only did he immediate ID me because he didn't believe my age, which was wrong of them as it was not even 8PM yet, I proved that I was over 21 and he just ignored us, gave me a simple, "oooookay" and just stood there, didn't ask if we wanted to bowl at all. 

I would suggest going some where else, but it is a nice facility, the employees are very nice but the owner made us feel VERY unwelcome. He has a policy and he's not following it. I also suggest letting Philadelphian's have their fun, it was well under 8PM, I did have my minor siblings with me, but we weren't in any time frame near the "adult time". I'll be going back to Brunswick Zone XL Feasterville.
I'll start off by saying the two stars are for the food and drinks they were enjoyable. My first time at South Bowl I forgot socks at home on a 90 degree day. Most bowling alleys usually sell socks South Bowl did not (no big deal). We decided to sit at the bar and grab drinks and food the bartender was HORRIBLE. The bar was not crowded at all she act as if we were not there. Her attitude was HORRIBLE!
Food was decent but the service was terrible. We had "dinner" there. Food tastes great but one entree literally came 45 minutes later than all other food. We would have left but we were hungry and already served half of our meal. They took the item off of our check but we weren't looking for a deal, we wanted to eat. The place is cool they just need better wait staff.
I loved south bowl- minus the fact it's cash only for quite the establishment. Bothersome that to bowl cash only but the bar you can use cards. Hopefully once the renovations are over (that we inhaled paint from all night) they will accept cards. I'll keep bowling in my hometown much smaller than Philly until then where I can pay using a card. Or go to another bowling alley in Philly even though I'd prefer not to.
This past Friday my best friend and I visited South Bowl. It had a pretty large bar, about 12 bowling lanes,  2 pool tables,  and a handful of arcade games.  We were attracted to this place because of their rooftop area.  Unfortunately,  this area was closed off for a child's birthday party.  We arrived around 7 and were informed that children were allowed to be there until 9, when a DJ would begin performing as well.  We hung out at the bar and had two amazing bartenders!  If you get a chance to visit ask for Stephanie or Shaunna.  They were attentive and seemed like they were genuinely happy to be at work.  The DJ (I  don't remember his name)  that performed that night was just ok. That's certainly an area for improvement.  Oh!  And you have to order tater tots! Thru are amazing.
Came here on a Thursday night which offers a $3 bowling special not including shoe rental. They allow a maximum of 3 games if other groups are waiting. Games were okay but the computer kept freezing and it made it difficult to track score and we had to ask the front desk to reset our lanes a few times as sometimes the pins wouldn't be cleared. This bowling alley has potential to be a great staple in the neighborhood but just seems like they have a lazy management group. The decor and ambiance is quite boring compared with other places and there is sooooo much unused space. Definitely feels like you are in a large manufacturing Warehouse not an intimate and charming bowling alley.
Unusual to see cash only at a big place like this.
Food smelled good.
Not the usual garish nightclub-disguised-as-a-bowling alley-decor--more like a refurbished barn and I mean that in a good way.
Best damn bike rack in the city.
My kid says bowling is boring but he's a little video addict so what does he know.
Don't bother to go here on a Saturday night. 
We got there at 8, expecting a wait. 
We left at 1030, never having bowled. There are only a couple pool tables that are impossible to get to. I only found one dart board that was unfortunately plastic instead of cork. They really need to figure out how to entertain people while they are waiting. 
I can drink at a lot of places with more ambiance. 
The staff was nice, the drinks and food above par for a bowling alley. 
But I went to BOWL in a bowling alley.
This place is great. My father in law is in town and loves bowling so we took him here. The place was popping at 3 o'clock on a Saturday. When we got there, there was a 1 hour wait for a lane, which felt much shorter. For those not interested in bowling, there's pool tables and arcade games too. 

The menu is also a bonus. There is an eclectic selection of bar foods, snacks and, of course, tater tots. I personally love the tots. We got Baker tots, which comes sour cream, bacon and chives. We also got a bao bun and the Philly pretzel jalapeños poppers. Everything was tasty and the service was pretty good, especially for the amount of staff available in comparison to the amount of people. I haven't tried the pizzas, but the oven they use to cook it in is cool.
My husband and one friend came here on Saturday after not knowing what the weather would be like (it was supposed to rain on and off). We decided to try a place that had both outdoor and indoor activities to play it safe. I looked it up online and their site says that they open at noon. 

We arrive around noon and it's still sunny out so we ask the front desk if the outdoor is open and she says yes and points us in the right direction. We go outside and see that there is a "closed" sign...oh well maybe they're running a bit late. It was only 12:30. So we decided to go back inside to bowl for a round so they can set up. When we asked a different staff member what time the outside opened, they said 1pm. 

THE BOWLING IS CASH ONLY! Just an FYI, but they have an ATM on-site. We got everything we needed to and headed to the lane. I LOVE that they separate their balls by weight/color and that every ball is a different color based on weight. It made it a lot easier to find a ball. The balls are also labeled "small" "medium" and "large" to indicate hole size. They have some really great specials on food and the food and drinks are actually really reasonable to a bowling alley. Our server came over and we ordered a round and got to bowling!

Now, this is where it starts to go downhill. I don't know if it's because they had just opened or what but the lanes were EXTREMELY GREASY! I mean you could see the grease. Now, because the lanes are so greasy, so are the balls. I had a very difficult time bowling because I couldn't get a grip on the inside of the holes because my hands were so greasy and the grease got in the holes as you bowled. I thought I was the only person who was having this problem but the other people in my party complained of the same thing. It was not only difficult to hold our balls but walking/running up to bowl was very dangerous as well. However, we kept on. 

The server who had originally brought us our drinks had not returned for a while and we wanted another round. After flagging her down, we were able to order. However, we watched as our drinks sat on the bar for 10 minutes. Eventually, after seeing the server walk back and forth to other tables, we went up to the bar to retrieve them. 

After we were done with our games (we played 2), we agreed that we had given them ample time to open up the Yard at the *new* time of 1pm. We head out there only to find that the "closed" sign was down but the bar was still not open and there were no staff out there. Eventually a guy comes out and lets us know, at 1:30, that the bar doesn't open until 3pm. WHAT!? First it was noon, then it was 1, now it's 3!? Whatever. He tells us that we can go to the inside bar and order drinks, we just can't have glass outside. So that's what we did. 

When outside, we played on the pool table and I set up cornhole/baggo and we played for a little while. All in all it was fun, but that's just because of our attitudes towards the hilarity of it all. We essentially had the whole outside to ourselves. The outside bartender, Carson, was setting up and allowed us to even play our own Spotify playlist. We left after about 30 minutes outside because it was so hot out. 

All in all, it was a bad experience from a business standpoint. From the cash only to the discrepancy in opening times, greasy lanes, and the service, it just wasn't good. However, I can't say that we won't be back. Maybe once they start to get some of their stuff together it will be a more pleasant experience.
I was soooooo excited when I heard about this place! However.... I was super disappointed about the way they handled the wait! At first the employees at the front said it would be an hour and a half around 4:30pm. Not a big deal since the place is right by Tony Luke's. We came back after eating with our buzzer and they said we were 4th in line about 6:00. We played pool and waited. About 6:30, I checked In for me and my party of four. The young lady said we were next so I went to the bar and got us a pitcher of beer. It's now 7:20 and I went to check again and they said we were 3rd in line. If you're looking for a place that is consistent in their wait times, this is NOT the place to go!!! I wish we would have gotten to bowl
