Stopped into The Southhouse the other day and I have to say I was very impressed. There is off street parking. I had to park about a block away, not bad. The restaurant is very clean and comfortable. The place was half packed. It looked like everyone was enjoying theirselves. The bartenders more very professional and courteous. My Wife had a few mixed drinks and she enjoyed them very much. The prices were very reasonable. We had a couple of apps including the Crackling Cauliflower and the Bedrock bites. They were both pretty Amazing. We also ordered a couple of Sandwiches and bothe were very big and tasty. We had a burger and a spicy chicken sandwich. Everything was very fresh and tasty but what really blew us away were the shoestring potatoes. These fries were so addicting. I couldn't stop eating them. They were half regular and half sweet potato and they were absolutely unbelievable. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone. We will be back.
3.5 stars. 
How did we not know this place existed mere steps from us? It seems to be a common trend for patrons. 

We randomly stumbled upon this super casual spot this area needs. The place is large and open with an open kitchen (love that!) Juke box, big screen tvs for taking in a game, a nice big bar with ample seating and lights, dj nights etc. It was Friday which meant karaoke night. It was an unexpected, fun treat. The music was a tad loud however. In general. Not just the singing, the music alone. But, it's a bar. I can't believe what a Grandma I sound like as I'm total rocker chick and normally like loud. This was piercing. 

It was also VERY cold. It was a humid night, I get it, but I was literally shivering wearing long sleeves and long pants. Uncomfortable. I remember feeling bad for the waitress as she had to stay there all night. 

The menu looked amazing!! More online than in person perhaps because it's seasonal? I had high hopes and the dishes all sounded so, so good!! Big props for the plethora of vegan and gluten free options, clearly marked. Apparently the owner is gluten free. 

We were starving and split the jalapeño corn fritters. I just had to try them because they were vegan! I haven't had corn fritters in forever based on that alone. They came out right away and were fried to golden perfection. We didn't taste the jalapeño, but they were still good anyway. They were more of a croquette shape rather than a patty which was great for sharing. I asked how they made them vegan. Our waitress who was insanely sweet and helpful asked the cook and he informed me they sub applesauce and gf flour for the egg. Whenever I sub applesauce instead of egg, I can't shake the apple flavor. These did not taste like apple. Way to go! Yum!

I was torn between the Kale Ceaser and the Mac N Chez (Vegan cheddar sauce, pipe pasta and shallot oil) with the option to add spinach, roasted red pepper or portobello at $1 each which is fun! I actually wound up getting The Harvest $10 (Portobello mushrooms, root vegetables, vegan cheddar sauce and fresh basil on sourdough.) The promise of vegan cheddar sauce had me drooling. The Sammy wasn't overflowing with mushrooms or at all actually. More bread than anything which was very good sourdough, but didn't suit my needs as I was looking to just eat the filling out and save some calories by taking off on the bread. I couldn't recognize which root veggies there were. I did see red onion which wasn't listed on the menu and I didn't mind as I like them, but some may not. I didn't see nor taste the basil which is sad because I love me some fresh basil! It was certainly tasty however. I just envisioned this heaping sammy oozing with messy, dripping "cheese". I chose the house fries as my side as it was cheat night. (Hello, sub bread/eat the fries! That counts right?) They were BBQ seasoned shoestrings which were good, not outstanding. What we didn't see however, until we received the bill was that they were $1 up charge. Not a huge deal at all, but I do think we should've been informed one way or another, either by the waitress or stated on the menu. 

Hubby got the chicken tenders because well, he's really just a big 36 year old child. He liked them. Ok, but not excellent. The pomegranate ketchup sounded cool though!  I'll have to suggest the burger next time as that seems like the thing to order. 

The beer menu is great! About a dozen on tap and a huge variety of craft bottles which we can certainly appreciate. Ciders, IPAs and pumpkin beer all year round? Sold! We had already had a few drinks elsewhere so we just split a Fathead Blueberry which was really great! Try it! Sweet, but not overly so and perfectly blueberry toned more so than of some I've had in Maine. 

It's a bar with food. If you look at it that way, you won't be disappointed. We really came for food first so perhaps we left a tad underwhelmed. My husband said "it's good for bar food". Sorry it that's tough. I know those aren't the intentions. Perhaps we came on an off night? 

We would give it another try however. I really want to try the cauliflower dish as it wasn't available the night we came. 

Great for watching the game and snacking with a large groups of friends. Etc. or grabbing drinks and catching up. 

Get some bands in here on the weekends and I'm sold! I think that will really up the anty and set it apart from other spots. 

The brunch looks great. Gotta give that a try especially if there's some bistro tables outside! (Hint) 

Parking sucks so if you're local, walk it. Duh!

It's a nice option for the area and I do really hope it does well as it's only be about a year so far. It has potential for sure. Maybe some fine tuning. 
3.5 yelps.
Southouse - my new neighbor. Honestly I wish I could send this as a private message to the owners but here goes, just know that there's nothing but love behind these comments.
I live a 5 min walk from you and my neighbors and I have all been in on numerous occasions since you opened and we have all be seriously underwhelmed by the food quality and selection. I'm sure you know there aren't any nice bars near Oregon Ave for us locals to walk to & hopefully stumble home from so we were all pretty excited for you to open but I personally have been in 4 different times and didn't enjoy my food each time, not to mention that there's usually no one in there beside maybe 1-2 other people at the bar or at a table which I was hoping would eventually lead you to perhaps take a harder look at the menu b/c you know that your beer selection is already top notch so that can't be the problem. The 1st thing we tried was the fries, they were too seasoned to enjoy, I think more regular picky finger foods being added to the menu would help, chicken fingers, mac & chz balls, broc chz bites, mini fancy pizzas, a burger that isn't seasoned to taste like a meatball instead of a legit beef burger, even the tacos were bland one time & over sauced the next and the tortillas were dry. I'm all for fun twists on foods but they have to be well executed and I think this is where you keep missing the boat. 
Your beer selection is great but clearly by the lack of a packed house shows you that something is keeping people away and in my opinion, it's the food. The bartender is always super nice, so that's great!  I can only speak for me & a few neighbors and friends who have wondered in a few times with us though but each time we walk out we say the same thing, we wish the food was better and it's the reason we now walk past on our way to Passyunk Ave. I hope things improve by the time the cold weather hits so we can try your spot again. I really want your bar to be my go to spot with my friends b/c walking to Passyunk or Chickies when you guys are right around the corner is not what I want to do. I want to spend my money at your bar! The Kite & Key, Tap Room on 19th, S. Philly Tap room, Stogie Joes, etc all these places have great beer selections like you guys AND awesome menu's, I hope to be back soon neighbor. Good luck
So my friend hears about this place and it was everything that we heard and more. We shared some delicious apps .we had the pork nachos that were perfect and some kind of cauliflower with a awesome sauce. Then the burger was the best, juiciest, most tender burger I've ever had in my life.cantwaitto go back and try something else.
I came here with my girlfriend because of the good reviews on Yelp! While the decor was inviting and staff cordial, the food menu tempting and drink menu enticing, the former were well worth the experience but the latter quite disappointing.  We ordered chips and guacamole with pico: the dips were combined in the same bowel which was quite small and lacking pizzazz. With high hopes we delved into the fruit, pickled onion and avocado salad but sadly it was topped with a sour and tart oily dressing and fried strips of flour tortilla both of which did not complement the freshness of the fruits, veggies & herbs.  We then reluctantly moved on to the black bean & portobello tacos that were completely devoid of flavor.  The variety of beers on tap were redeeming though so if we go back, that's what we'll stick to.
It's cool to have a new bar in this neighborhood. SouthHouse does most of it right. Service is good, and super friendly--but not in that condescending way like they're talking to a child. The space is pretty big and can accommodate a pretty large group. The food has a lot of options for people, so everyone you go with will have something to eat. There are vegan options and GF. In fact, there's a TON of gluten free options, so if that's your jam you should really check this place out.

THe only criticism here: the food. The menu is great conceptually, but poorly executed. I ordered a steak med-rare, and it was overcooked and cut for me. Whenever I see a steak cut for me, I immediately know the chef has no confidence in his/her ability to cook a proper temp steak. I guess it's really just a kitchen issue, not so much as ingredients. Everything I had tasted good, but could've/should've tasted better. 

This place isn't even a year old, so some hiccups in the kitchen may be lingering. I suggest the owners go in and try the food one night, then get a new chef.
Polarizing opinion on this place. My dad and I were up for the Phillies game, and we decided to patronize SouthHouse. It was a weird, albeit interesting experience.

First off, it was a Saturday at around 5 PM when we went in, and there were three people at the bar and no one at the tables. A little strange for a new place with 4.5 stars on Yelp. Then the place smelled like mold. Also weird for a new place. The iced tea was instant, and probably the worst instant I've ever had. The nachos didn't have cheese, and there was some weird jelly residue on them. Seriously, check the photo- no cheese. And despite being the only sitting customers, our food took like 30 minutes to make.

But the burger was amazing. My gosh. It almost tasted like meatloaf, but it was full of flavor. Probably one of the better burgers I've had in my life. And the fries were very good too.

Overall, I would recommend this place if you're in the area and want a good burger and have a lot of time. The menu is very small- but like I said, the burger was very good.

Two other weird things. Despite being a 65 degree day in April in Philly, the place was freezing cold when we walked in. We put on our jackets (we brought them for the night Phillies game) and they must have seen us put them on, and fearing for losing their only 2 customers, they cranked the heat up to like 95 degrees. We took our jackets off, but we were literally sweating while eating our food. Try to find a happy medium, SouthHouse.

The last weird thing has nothing to do with the restaurant. The place is right across from some Philadelphia fire company, and around 5:40, a firefighter came in by himself, went up to the bar, and ordered a glass of wine. He slammed it, took out a 5, and left. He was probably in the restaurant for a total of 40 seconds. I guess they must have been riding him hard over there, and he just needed a glass of wine to cope. Order whiskey next time dude.
I came here on a slow Sunday night. The place isn't well marked, I'd recommend a much bigger sign lol. The bartender was very attentive and friendly. The tap beer selection is somewhat limited, but sufficient. They also have a good selection of cans/bottles, so I'm sure beer lovers will find a few they would enjoy. For food, I started with the cauliflower. This has to be the star of the entire menu! It's served with a feta and cream cheese dip, which was awesome. This appetizer is good for 4 people. I also had the chicken on focaccia sandwich, which was definitely good, but not great. My overall experience was verygood. If you go, definitely try the cauliflower.
Let's try this again, as my previous review was censored, most likely by the loose lipped barkeep who gave me the incentive to write it in the first place.

After attempting to order take out from this establishment, I realize they most likely received better customer service at Auschwitz. What an enfuriating experience. After asking for a modified version of a cheeseburger for my 7 year old son (you may ask "how can one modify something as simple as a cheeseburger?" Well, at eateries like this, they find it essential to slap everything from eggs to Pabst Blue Ribbon on a burger to make you feel like one of the cool kids) I was met with a roll of the eyes and a comment along the lines of "You see the menu, right?" Wow.  Here's to hoping this place goes the way of it's predecessors: down the tubes!
Love it here! The menu is creative and offers a nice variety for all food preferences: traditional, vegetarian, and gluten free. Definitely a step up from typical bar food.  Perfect place for pre-game dinner, as it is fairly close to the stadiums (about 5 min drive). I dined here on a Saturday night before heading over to a Phillies game and boy do I wish I discovered this place sooner!!

Large selection of beer and decent wine selection for a neighborhood type bar. Prices are also reasonable ($7.50-$8 for a glass of wine).

The menu has interesting shareables (apps) such as jalapeño corn fritters, piggy back bread and crackling cauliflower. Then you can choose from rotisserie wings, burgers, salads, and entrees that are customizable by selecting the protein of your choice (meat, chicken, fish, tofu, avocado, etc), allowing for a lot of options. 

We started with the tuna tartare appetizer. It was a delicious marriage of asian and southwest flavors that played oh so nicely together. The tuna, fresh and delicate, was served atop avocado egg salad, with a sprinkling of sesame seeds, corn nuts and cilantro with tortilla chips to scoop it all up.

The beet and arugula salad was also a winner. The arugula was lightly dressed and topped with roasted beets, fresh ricotta and toasted almonds. The ricotta had a nice light lemony flavor and was delicately seasoned with fresh herbs.

Finally we ordered the taco cart with Mahi Mahi.... 3 delish corn tacos with perfectly cooked Mahi, topped with pico, cabbage slaw, radish, sesame seeds and a spicy siracha sauce. It was served with a small side salad and fresh made potato chips. The potato chips were excellent; thick and crunchy, with a combo of plain and bbq.

The table next to us ordered burgers. We couldn't help but eye them up because they looked really good, so we will give them a try next time, because we are definitely coming back!!!
The hubs and I checked out South House this past Saturday and enjoyed ourselves some dinner. 1) Atmosphere is good. The bar was packed and the crowd was a mix of ages, which I always like. 2) Beer list was legit. Only complaint was that I ordered a Yards Pale Ale because it was on the draught list, but I got a bottle so I guess the draught list wasn't updated.  3) We liked our food. We ordered the special for app. It was some sort cheesy fried goodness with chili sauce, and split the burger and the chicken sandwich. I'm not normally a fan of focaccia, which the chicken sandwich came on, but this was grilled and less "bread-y" so I liked it. The burger is great; not really a standard burger b/c it's not "pressed," as Chef Ari taught us, which makes it super juicy. It comes with some yummy pesto on it, which I enjoyed.

All in all, a solid evening out and we'll definitely be going back to check out brunch. :)
Not only are the staff funny and fantastic, but the owner is personable and engaging.  The atmosphere has a rustic bar feel, with  a clean and fresh space.  And the food is surprisingly delicious with unique selections.  And don't get me started on the brunch - OMG.  Great veggie options and the SouthHouse burger is to die for.  Excellent craft beer and cider selection and themed night make this the new hot spot for Deep South Philly.  We are now officially regulars.
I love the atmosphere, love the bartenders and their creativity (go Seth), love that I can watch a game on one of the many TVs....

BUT

I would love some "normal" bar food in the form of appetizers such as chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, wings and even a burger different from what the meatball mix is made of. Sometimes you just want to drink the night away and have a snack to fill the stomach!

No worries, it will not deter me from going there but it will deter me from eating there!
The burger is the best I've ever eaten- it's juicy and melts in your mouth! I highly recommend it!
This place is awesome! Came here with my boyfriend after a long flight from California and we were pleasantly surprised. Seth was the bartender and his love for beer and for servicing customers was very apparent.

He was SUPER welcoming and open to educating us on the beers of the area. His suggestions were outstanding. 
For the food we ordered the sweet and savory fries and ahi tuna. The fries were prepared from real potatoes and the ahi was prepared fresh with a super interesting and awesome avocado egg salad.

Bottom line: service was outstanding, bartender knowledge insurmountable, food was delicious. It was a quiet, clean place that allowed us to recharge after a long flight, enjoy local brews and indulge in delicious food.

We will be back before we leave.

Thanks for making our first Philadelphia experience a super awesome one Seth and SouthHouse team!
Great spot! A quick ride into town if you are staying near the airport, close to all of the stadiums as well.

Highlights from our visit:

The bartender was very friendly. Took the time to chat with us about the city (we are from away) and was attentive to our food and drink needs. High marks for the bartender (I think his name was Rich).

We started with a basket of the Sweet and Spicy Curry PubCorn. So good, a little on the spicy side, but completely expected given the name. Definitely got us thirsty for some beers.

The draft list was pretty good, but was a little heavy on Oktoberfest styles (given the season, i'll allow it). Could have used more local offerings, but not knowing the Philly beer scene, maybe thats not as feasible.

I had the Pork Bite sandwich, cider braised pulled pork on brioche with jalapeno slaw and a cheddar cheese sauce. If you like pulled pork, this sandwich will be right up your alley. Very tasty and surprisingly easy to eat for a notoriously messy sandwich. The house fries were also very tasty. Fried to be crispy and dusted with a cajun seasoning I believe. Definitely get the fries!

Girlfriend had the apples and oat salad. She really seemed to enjoy it. Asked about it after the meal she rated the salad at 4 out of 5, so id say it was very good. 

Overall, we very much enjoyed our time at SouthHouse, and would go back without hesitation. If you are looking to get away from the Chilli's/Applebees stuff over by the airport, SouthHouse is the place to go! 

One little note: The black arm rest at the bar is comfortable, but makes eating at the bar a little challenging. If you are going in for dinner, maybe consider grabbing a table if that sort of thing bugs you. But, that's nit-picking at its best, isn't it!
Went here tonight for karaoke and I cannot say enough good things about it.

The staff - amazing. Bartenders Diego and Mike were the bomb, the place has a really chill but comfortable decor that makes you feel welcome and just the right kinda lighting. The karaoke was incredibly fun. The food was BANGIN - I had a burger with a ton of bacon, made perfectly, with seasoned fries, and my friend had a beet and goat cheese salad and she practically licked her plate.

And despite having like five beers everything came out to costing like nothing.

I'm legit sending everyone here from now on.
I co-hosted a surprise bridal shower for my friend last week and it was the perfect location. Tom, the owner, accommodated all of our needs and it was perfect! The service and food were great, especially for a large group and the bloody mary is wonderful. I would highly recommend SouthHouse for a meal...but if you are looking to host an event or large dinner, this place is perfect!
Went to this place last night. Had a great selection of beer for pretty decent prices, nothing too expensive.  They had yards and victory selection from only 4 bucks, but PBR was 3.50.  Ordered something called the roots which was amazing. Had some type of citrusy butter like dipping sauce to dip a mixture of fried onions, sweet potatoes and other root vegetables in, it was really great. Will be going back very soon.
Here is a reply that I feel should have been shared on Yelp!!!
Hi L, Thomas S. sent you a message on Yelp:
Subject: Your Review
"Thanks for your feedback.  We're glad that you appreciate our atmosphere and respect the fact that your taste buds aren't exactly in-line with our culinary offerings.  To be honest, there  are no current plans to change the menu to include the pre-made, frozen and deep fried type of items you mentioned.  We appreciate having you for drinks and if you'd like a recommendation for where you can get that type of food we'd be happy to provide you with one."
As an out of towner I was made to feel like a local by Mike V at the bar!  Excellent local IPA's and the SouthHouse burger w/ tots made me feel like I was at Engine #9 in St Pete.  The only challenge was finding a parking spot but the search was well worth it!  Highly recommend
The southhouse burger is the best burger I've ever eaten. Generous amount of goat cheese and melt in your mouth bacon. Amazing!
You might not know about this place because it's pretty unassuming looking but the food here is incredibly good. Perfect amount of selection - not overwhelming but plenty of choice. You can go super healthy if you want, with perfectly seasoned and grilled fish with a very creative salad with perfect dressings, or more classic bar food with a super tasty burger and fries. Something for everyone - carnivores, vegetarians, vegans, gluten-free, carb-free, etc. Not a lot else to choose from in the neighborhood so hopefully the place stays around for a long time and the chef, too.
After having dinner close by and not familiar with the area we came across this place through a quick search. We did not have any expectations . Bar was pretty empty (Monday night) but the bartender was very nice and kept us entertained. I texted my friend this morning " I liked that place last night". Good tots and beers.
I really want to like it here. Honestly I do. But from the time they opened almost two years ago to now I've gone here multiple times with multiple people and left each time wanting. 

The food is good, but always something preventing it from being great. For instance most recently, I had Cajun Rub rotisserie style wings. The Cajun rub was delicious and it came as described, rotisserie style, so it lacked a certain crunch on the skin. And I'll acknowledge I got what I ordered, but that's the only wing option and the best part of the wing is the crunch from the skin. I understand because they want to accommodate vegetarian and vegan guests that they won't compromise the deep fryer with wings, but there are other ways to emulate the crisp crunch of the skin. 

The other issue that is consistent is service. It's not bad, per se. Everyone is friendly enough, especially using the South Philly Scale of Pleasantness, but the bartenders and waiters are never around when you need them. We had to flag a bartender down to put in an order and we were the only ones at the bar. I've had instances where I couldn't find a waiter to get us additional napkins or ketchup* and had to service myself because we couldn't get anyone to come over - and it's never busy when we are there. A major difference between okay and good places and good and great places is the service and the ability to recognize when a patron needs help. Better awareness of your patrons would go a long way. 

I applaud what SouthHouse is trying to do. I understand they don't want to have basic bar food, but have a take on pub fare that's unique and different. The owner is responsive to feedback and seeks it out. The beer list is great and diverse. The execution of the dishes is consistent. 

I really want to like this place. 

*A note about ketchup. Appreciate the effort but house made ketchups, as a rule, are pointless. Heinz or bust.
So we walk in, it looks not too different from many other corner bar/food places dotted around South Philly (which isn't a complaint - it's part of the appeal). But the food? Let's talk about the food. First off, if you have celiac or a gluten allergy, this place caters to you. There is plenty of fried options for you. Buns, chips, entrees, heck, even wings (which I tried). I got the zucchini bowl with grilled ahi tuna, I would absolutely get it again. Also, I'm not sure if the ketchup is homemade or just maybe a boutique brand but it was different, and amazing with the sweet potato fries - wife was not happy I kept stealing hers. The beer menu was good. Not huge, but enough to keep a beer drinker interested. 

We went with our friend who is a regular there, and she insisted it was good. The owner came over to say hi to her, he was genuinely a nice guy who you can tell cares about the business he is running and the people he serves. Am absolutely going back!
Great atmosphere for grabbing a drink and snacks. We went for dinner and were disappointed with the entrees. Between my husband and I - we ordered an arugula salad with chicken ($8 extra for chicken - insane), a burger and two apps. We spent almost $100. Way overpriced. The salad didnt even have dressing. Appetizers were great.
*Correction: Beating Hearts Salad (which is 75% arugula)
Great vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options. 

The spicy fish tacos were simply amazing. Very fresh and well made. You can tell the chef put a lot of thought into the menu.
I love burgers, I truly do. Trust me when I say that the SouthHouse Burger is the best burger I've ever had. Even better than my previous favorite burger (Sorry Donovan's).

They offer two types of fries - house fries and kitchen fries. 

The pomegranate ketchup enhances the flavor of the fries, so trust me when I say to get that over the regular ketchup. 

They offer Quizzo on Thursdays with JB, who is an excellent quizmaster, so you should definitely check them out. Karaoke once a week, live music on Saturdays, always a lot of fun. They have a wide selection of beer from breweries all over, which I really appreciate. The staff is friendly, professional, and knowledgeable about beer and food. 

If you live in the area, SouthHouse graciously hosts the monthly Happy Hours for members of the Lower Moyamensing Civic Association, which I really appreciate. 

I'm glad Thom and SouthHouse have opened in LoMo and I look forward to future visits.
This Is a solid pub in South Philly,  with its steampunk aesthetic ad friendly staff it's a great place to hang for a few beers or grab a bite. Top marks go to their burgers and root fries.  

The menu isn't huge but they do add a few more offerings for weekend brunch and unlike other pubs whose "champagne" choice can be dubious, they use Barefoot Bubbly which makes for a nicer mimosa. 

I also have to mention the roasted cauliflower with feta dip. Although a bit pricey at $14, it does come loaded with feta as well as a gets dip and could easily feed four as an appetizer or two as a meal.

I've gone a few times now and its it very crowded but with a decent beer selection and Quizo, it should be.
After hearing great reviews about this place, decided to stop in for dinner. It was only a couple of blocks from us so luckily we didn't have to drive. It is not an area I would recommend driving to if you can help it (on a weeknight). It is situated near a firehouse so there were quite a few sirens to be seen/heard. I don't find this a problem.

No problems with service, bartender greeted us and our server PJ was helpful and always stopped by to check on us. Lots of TVs, a few playing a movie and another 3 screens had sports. The atmosphere is relaxed. Pretty slow when we arrived and quiet until someone has a jukebox selection. There are LOTS of places to sit. The chef's kitchen was in the back and fully visible.

The food was AMAZING and full of flavor! A pierogie appetizer was shared to start. I had the Southhouse burger with fries and it was just delicious. Manchego cheese, pesto, peppers, portobello mushroom on brioche. I especially loved the fries and couldn't stop thinking about them when I got home. No ketchup was needed for my meal. I also got to try their BBQ pulled pork tacos with jalapeno slaw which was also just bursting with flavor. 

I definitely recommend Southhouse for their delicious food, friendly service and atmosphere, and great selection of drinks. We need more places like this south of Snyder! Looking forward to visiting for brunch!
Great bar near quiet location. Plenty of tv's to catch your fave teams and a touchtunes for music as well. Not to mention the burger was delicious so mouthwatering and fries very unique flavor. I dislike sweet potato with a passion but the mix and seasoning with normal potatoes was on point. Definetly going back.
Almost a half hour for fish tacos, and I was the only customer in the place the whole time I was there. Guess it should come as no surprise. 

When the tacos finally came they smelled disgusting and I couldn't even eat them. 

I haven't left an eating establishment this aggravated since I can remember
Came in early Saturday for brunch, and the SOHO sandwich did not disappoint.  Pork was so juicy, and the egg was cooked flawlessly.  Ordered a Bell's Oberon in a can, which I haven't seen in most bars in Philly.  The short female bartender was very welcoming and knowledgeable with her craft beer menu to assist my friend in pairing a good beer with his meal.  Props to her.  Will absolutely visit again to try other menu items.
Food 5/5
Service 5/5
Parking 4/5
I there for dinner the Saturday before Mother's Day with friends and I must say we were very surprised at how good everything was from the service to the food!! The waiter even let  us try the brunch special for the next day, which was excellent. I would definitely go back again for dinner and brunch!!
I happen to love this restaurant. I think the executive chef is possibly the extremely creative. He knows how to blend tastes together very well and he's not afraid to take risks with that. They sell pork nachos that have a blend of Mexican and Indian spices in it. This dish made my tastebuds sing. 
The one down side to this restaurant is the service. I've been there a few times when it's busy and I've been there when it's slow. I feel like they're never prepared for a rush of customers. It's a new restaurant and they must be excited to have a rush of customers but they haven't figured out how to deal with it yet. Luckily, your impatience is relieved when your food does come out and it tastes so good.
Great bar, awesome staff and nice beer selection. And the food choices are among the best in south Philly. Plenty of friendly faces, such an awesome neighborhood bar.
I wanted this place to be great and stopped by to kill some time before a flight. Our waitress was nice and attentive however the food was a big miss. My wife's salmon dish was unbelievably salty and had a hair in it while my spaghetti was overcooked and mushy. The menu looks good but was poorly executed.
Southouse sets the bar in South Philly. It is the best restaurant/bar in the city with a menu that can be made gluten free! What?! Say it again... their top shelf food options can be made gluten free. The customer service is exceptional. Scottie is a keynote bartender in the city with more than 15 years of experience delivering world class service. Seth, Tom, and Carl rock the house and care about their new customer and regulars. They focus on driving a consistent customer experience that exemplifies class. I love eating, drinking, and hanging out at South House. I hope you do too!
Customer service was great. Not a pretentious vibe to be found. The waiter was new but still nice. Enough time that I didn't feel stalked and still there if we needed anything. 

In center city and hungry so I decided to Yelp "gluten free restaurants" as I do when I don't know what restaurants are around and gf. We got there and the place was emptyish and I think it may just be the location because the food was Ammmmazing! I can't believe I haven't come across this place before. My husband and I both have gluten allergies so to be able to order without so much compromise was awesome. We ordered the chicken pancake combination (sort of like chicken an waffles) plus a few sides. 
This was pub fare forsure, but nothing was so greasy that you inevitably regretted it or just taste like "fried." It was perfectly crispy and accompanied by a great variety of dipping sauces to select from. 

Not to take away from it being just great pub fare in general but If you have a gluten allergy this place is a hidden gem.  I've gone to places that say they "will accommodate my gluten allergy"  by removing the bun and fries... Or grilling the breaded item... That's no accommodation that's sad and the same price :/ 

I don't Yelp often, only when I feel compelled by excellent service and great food. Try it out!
OMG! Love this South Philly bar/restaurant! Great little spot. Excellent food choices. Good sized portions! The staff were courteous, explained the menu and specials without question. Friendly, clean and reasonably price! Every time I visit my friends, I've got a new spot! Worth checking out, if you're looking for a nice meal!
What a great little spot. I was here this past Sunday, April 12 for a bridal shower and the owner Tom went above and beyond with everything. The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. The atmosphere is welcoming and I can imagine myself sitting here having a beer if I lived here. I lived on Camac St between Shunk and Moyamensing during college so I did know the neighborhood then and I must say this is a welcome addition. I really hope this place does well, they deserve it.
Been here a handful of times. One consistent theme is inconsistency. The southhouse burger is really good when you get it on a good night. It's what I keep coming back for but it's not always the same. Sometimes it's cooked the way I ask and is really juicy and delicious. And sometimes it is over cooked and dry. Same for the fries, inconsistent. Sometimes really delicious, sometimes cut too thin and too crispy or burned. The beer list is small but decent. The pour is inconsistent; sometimes with foam, sometimes poured right to the top with zero foam. Service is also inconsistent. Some, but not all, servers are awesome; really attentive.

Nonetheless, I'll keep coming back for the chance to get a southhouse burger and fries on a good night.
I was here last Saturday night. I must say the server and bartender we're absolutely amazing. The food was good quality and drinks as well.
Checked out South House on Thursday night. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food. Head chef Thomas delivers a fabulous burger.
Great beer selection and space but the food is lacking flavor. It tastes like food I make when I have the drunken munchies.
Our experience at SouthHouse was amazing from start to finish! The owner, Anthony, was so kind and attentive. SouthHouse is our new favorite sports bar in Philadelphia! We'll be back again soon. 

Something important to note- all of the appetizers are Gluten Free! This is so rare to find, especially at a sports bar. 

We started off with the Cracklin' Cauliflower. The menu says that it is deep fried, but it did not taste deep fried at all. It was cooked to a light, crispy perfection. The cauliflower had a kick with the hot sauce, but the Tzatziki dip was the perfect balance to cool down the spice. This appetizer reminds us of wings, but much lighter and a great option for vegetarians.  

We then had the sweet and savory fries. These were so delicious! The perfect combination of white and sweet potatoes with a seasoning like no other! Reminded us of old bay, but even more flavorful. These fries were nice and thin, so they were crispy. It's hard to not eat the entire basket... which we did, of course.

The Big House burger was a classic cheeseburger with bacon, yet the flavor was off the charts. The burger was cooked to perfection, the bacon was crispy and bursting with flavor. Even the bun was delicious! Such a simple meal, yet SouthHouse brought us flavor to a whole new level. 

Lastly, we ordered the Honey Sriracha wings. These wings were so tender, the chicken nearly fell off the bone and melted into our mouths. The Honey Sriracha sauce was definitely an excellent choice, highly recommend if you're looking for something not spicy, but packed with flavor. 

Overall, our experience was a 10/10. SouthHouse is no ordinary sports bar, the food  and service were both truly excellent! 

-Alex & Peri of @Coupleatss on Instagram
Nestled just north of Oregon Ave. in south philly this place was disappointedly/whatevs empty for the 3.5 hours we were there on a Saturday night. First off, the waiter was a bit disoriented the whole night, but had the best intentions. He seemed a bit hectic while the place was 20% full. We ordered a few drinks on the menu that were not available anymore (Free Will Stout, a couple ciders, etc). We had 5 Monk's Flemish Sours and then they were out too. The bar was cleaned out of 5 different drinks on a Saturday night?? The best food that I tried was the cauliflower. Well cooked with solid seasoning. The tacos I ordered were lacking ingredients and overall flavor. Tried the burger as well which had a bit more flavor, but it was nothing spectacular. This placed lack a special feature that would lure me back for more. Who knows, I may have hit it on a bad night. So it goes...
Tip top tavern!
Went for Quizzo tonight, came early for dinner.  Wife had the tacos (3 for $10) and I had the Big House (burger) and it was as good as anything I've had in the city... or really, anywhere on the East Coast.
Quizzo was great, Steve really uses a varried group of questions - do be prepared, the first two rounds, at least (we had to rush out, family/work issue) were speed rounds, so give the pencil to the fastest writer.
I really try not to give a lot of five stars, I reserve those for eperiences where nothing could be improved upon...
I can't deny South House a five star because salt and pepper shakers weren't on the table, what kind of a jerk would that make me?
Great outta you, Anthony, and a special hat tip to your bar tender/server, super human effort out of her tonight!!!   She's special!!!
I started with a Cheesesteak the way Anthony would eat a cheesesteak. I really need to stop doing this. Anthony likes traditional South Philly style, fried onions, provolone cheese and long hots. This is a very well made cheesesteak.  The roll was good but we did have a blowout.  Everything gets plenty of grill time.  Even the roll spends some time on the grill getting to know everyone.  I wish it was bigger but it was under $10 and came with SouthHouse cut daily half regular/half sweet potato fries dusted with SouthHouse made seasoning and SouthHouse honey ketchup for dipping, attention to detail.  We also got the Brunch Cheesesteak.  Same cheesesteak as above just substitute long hots with scrambled eggs.
Waiter was super helpful and kind! Since they are switching to new management, the main things we came for (piggy bread and cauliflower) were not available! Wine list was pretty much tapped out. The beer special was pretty great though, and the second choices for food were pretty good as well. The burger with side salad was so clean and fresh with great flavors, while the wings were nicely sized (our favorite being the sweeter glaze option, not the house hot sauce wings). 

Will be back, as they have a pretty nice menu and I expect that things will be back to normal on the menu soon! Our waiter kindly took note of our food frustration and took care of us, which was nice of him and for that, I will be back.
Good food, portions are right, menu has some innovation and the beer list is Stella (not literally). It's new, needs some smoothing out, (lights could be more atmospheric, take the shine off the black board, and make the restrooms more private), but there's live music, the staff is friendly, and it's an asset to the neighborhood.
Food is decent; but is very slow to make it to the table. 
Servers are pleasant; but are very slow and they are terribly understaffed. 
Every time I come here (out of convenience), I am underwhelmed. The space shouldn't be able to hold as many people as it does, if they are so understaffed. 
The menus are print out paper and are written on and/or torn. I'd be embarrassed to hand them to customers if I were part of the staff. 
If you make the unwise choice to come. Make a reservation and expect to be there for well over 2 hours.
Came in on a Sunday morning and it was pretty empty. At first we were a little skeptical because it looked like your average south philly sports bar but we saw this on yelp when searching for gluten free brunch places and decided to give it a try. We were most definitely not disappointed. 

If the dish wasn't already GF they had options to make it GF including the french toast. Usually when they offer this, challah french toast becomes sad sliced bread french toast, but not here! I got the french toast GF and it was thick, fluffy bread that was almost like challah bread. Honestly couldn't even tell it was GF. The waitress told me that they get their GF breads from a bakery in Philly which made me extra excited. My friend got the GF pancakes with the berry syrup and he said they were super fluffy and not as sweet as he thought they would be which is a plus. 

We also took a look at their draft and alcohol list and they had at least 8 options of ciders and GF beers that are frequently rotated. When we went they had two glutenberg's and a Mission beer for the GF options. They also have plenty of non-GF beer and alcohol options. We talked with the waitress who told us that the owner has Celiac's and wanted to make sure that there were plenty of tasty GF options available and boy did he deliver. Definitely would return if we're in the area again!
Fantastic food and drink specials!! Bartender was knowledgeable and super friendly and attentive on a Sunday afternoon. Can't wait to come back!
BEST UNKNOWN SOUTH PHILLY BAR 2015. Hands down.  Great atmosphere that draws all ages and kinds with a super-friendly vibe.  Excellent draft list and a menu that makes you drool.

I went to check this place out for a happy hour on Monday night and ended up staying until almost 12:30 because I was having SO MUCH FUN.  Monday Industry Brunch was PERFECT - I got a fuji hash something and my buddy got the fruity pebbles pancakes with bacon actually cooked into them....she won.  Scott the bartender was very knowledgeable about the beer selection and even told me they had my favorite summer beer bottled and kept them coming all night like a boss do.

I had such a great time Monday at SouthHouse that I ended up there on Wednesday and Friday too!  In those times I had the house fries, roasted cauliflower, and pork nachos - all were A+ but I gotta say I raved about those pork nachos through the weekend.  And after seeing other reviews - I already know I'll be going back this week to try a burger.  You're safe to bring your gluten free and vegan bros too - they have everybody covered.

This has taken over my #1 South Philly Bar Spot (Sorry, Watkins Drinkery) and I will be holding court here henceforth and can't wait to make all of my friends come here.
My niece was visiting from Maryland and has NEVER enjoyed a cheesesteak because she has celiac disease and must adhere to a strict gluten-free diet. Imagine her excitement to find SouthHouse offered a huge gluten free menu which included a cheesesteak. To see her close her eyes and enjoy her first cheesesteak made my day. I was so excited to see her so happy I forgot I also ordered food, a breakfast burger and fries ... also super delicious. I'll definitely be back
beer selection, tasty foods, golden girls or football on the TV's, nice owner...winning for south philly!
One of the best bars in South Philadelphia! Great draft & bottle selection, plenty of bar and table seating, and a fantastic food menu with Gluten-free options which is rare in the area. One of my go to spots to bring friends & family when they visit the neighborhood. Be sure to try the burgers - can't go wrong.
Great, local bar with legit food! Try the sweet and savory fries! Great selection of beer, especially local brews! My favorite part is location to Citizens Bank Park and the Linc!
Beer selection and bartenders are great! Food is SERIOUSLY lacking. I've eaten here quite a few times and I'm underwhelmed each time. Lackluster and flavorless. What a shame .. We need a good corner bar with good food in this area real bad!
Excellent neighborhood bar, bartenders were friendly and attentive. The beer was cold, with craft selections but not too many that I had to refer to a catalog. We had the loaded tater tops , a hamburger with homemade chips which included sweet and russet potato chips. 

Tip!! They have brunch and it sounded yummy!!
