A jazz club in Philly? Is that really something worthwhile? That's what I asked myself before making my way to South, and I can tell you now that yes, it is worth taking a look.

While I'm a sucker for live shows, I'm also not a huge fan of jazz so I wasn't all that pumped. But let me tell you, the band playing that night (Arpeggio Jazz Ensemble) put on a great performance. The cover was seven dollars, which is really not expensive at all for some good entertainment. Apparently almost all of the sets performed here and roughly in the same price range. Keep in mind you won't pay the cover at the door, instead they will tack it on to your bill.

This place is super cute in decor. Clearly they put a lot of thought into the interior design and it pays off; sometimes this place feels like a secret garden with lots of plant life and string lights in the main dining room. If you're going to see a show, you go down into a dimly lit front room, which is reminiscent of a speakeasy.

Bear in mind that the edible goods here are a tad expensive. They have a limited bar menu you can choose from if you're catching a show, most of which is typical Southern fare but will fill you up if you're hungry. On the night I went my group was feeling oysters, but unfortunately they had ran out of oysters, and I'm not sure if that's a common issue. However, I have to hand it to them with the drinks. They offer a lot of Southern inspired cocktails (Sazeracs and Juleps for instance) and despite the higher price (think $13 for a cocktail) they are quite tasty.

I would definitely go back to South and I look forward to it. The ambiance is great and you can support local jazz acts in the process. Great idea for a restaurant.
I didn't think love like this was possible. South exceeded my expectations and has me pining for more after one visit.

The service is impeccable and Miles is the man (so request him if possible!) The food is a modern take on some Southern classics, but minus the heaviness that traditional Southern cuisine sometimes has. The Pimento Cheese is super tasty and I kinda wish that it would come with crackers instead of bread so I could eat more of it! The Berkshire Pork was succulent, almost melt-in-your-mouth and my husband raved about the collard greens. 

We stayed for the jazz performance, which is held in a quaint, spacious area of the restaurant. I probably could have listened to the sweet, soothing music all night in that space. Philly needs more spots like South. Great ambiance, performance and service. I am already planning our return visit!
Wait? I haven't reviewed South yet? I came here 2 months ago and absolutely loved it!! I even told my friends throughout the dining experience that I couldn't wait to give 5 stars to this place! 

Well, congrats South. Well deserved. 
I've been to several southern-style dining restaurants, and this is one of my favorites. The food is unique to please the southerner, but it also hasn't lost the Philly-foodie flavor and style that us locals have grown to love. 

Start with the CORNBREAD- its the BEST cornbread I've ever had. Huge portion, in its own baking pan, topped with Honey Cream Cheese Butter!  What?! Yes, Honey Cream cheese butter. This needs an award itself. 

My next salivating dish was the SCALLOPS Special: perfectly cooked scallops, with lump crab meat, corn kernels, cherry tomatoes, zucchini, and the most amazing sweet sauce drizzled on top. I was making "Mmmmm" and "Yummm" sounds the entire time eating it, which probably annoyed my friends! 

SHRIMP & GRITS, a classic dish, was also mind blowing. Again, every southern-style restaurant has this, but there's something different about South's Shrimp & Grits that makes the grits extra delicious. I kept stealing bites off my friends' plate! 

Fried Potato Dumplings were amazing.. they are round balls with this amazing oozy cheese sauce drizzled on top.  Sooo good. 

These other items were good, but not my favorite:  Rock shrimp (didn't stand out like the other dishes), and Pork Pate toast (kind of boring, but its much better if you dip it in the beet spread).

FOOD: 5 stars.  DRINKS: 5 starts for taste, but 4 stars for price (the cocktails were pricey, $12-$14 each, beer is cheaper).  SERVICE: 5 stars.  Overall, great place. Just be ready to break your budget a little!  The 3 of us spent around $180 total, not including tip!
South has earned the coveted five stars from me for its impeccable service, amazingly flavorful food and charming southern atmosphere.  

SERVICE
When we walked in, we were quickly and professionally greeted by our hostesses, one of whom led us to a two-top table.  And that's where Lydia, our server, entered our lives.  She was the sweetest and most attentive server ever!  She was able to answer our questions easily, gave recommendations and had an amazing attitude.  Lydia treated us as if she wanted us to have the most amazing time.  In addition to Lydia, a couple of managers popped by to check on our experience.  And the gentlemen who brought our plates were fun.  I felt that they, too, wanted us to have an amazing time.

FOOD
Ok. Warning: The words will fail me in this section because I don't know how to describe the incredible food! 

For my appetizer, I ordered fried oysters on a bed of creamy spinach. Separately, each item was amazing on its own, but together...POW! BANG! An explosion of flavors in my mouth!  

Then they have two types of grits: 
- one that comes as a side dish with cheesy and bacon-y deliciousness. It stands on its own and needs no accompaniment  
- the other is an entree made with lobster stock.  It comes with a few lobster chunks and about six pieces of medium-sized shrimp.  Full of flavor! I ordered this as my entree.
You can't go wrong with either of these dishes.

My partner in crime ordered the crispy fish entree.  She didn't offer me any, so I guess it was fantastic! LOL!!!

For dessert, I ordered the chocolate cake.  IT WAS CHRISTMAS ON A PLATE!  The dish included two brownie-type cakes, crispy on the outside and almost molten on the inside, and two dollops of pumpkin spice gelato on top of melted chocolate and chocolate crumbles.  O...M...G!!!! All I needed was some milk.  So, I asked Lydia.  And she obliged.  She brought my milk in a black mug, just like one I own.  It was as if I was having dessert in the comfort of my own home.

ATMOSPHERE
The decor is beautiful.  The entrance, which is off Broad St., is like a garden.  Once inside, and after sitting there a while, I began to feel as if I was in someone's beautifully designed, open-concept kitchen...wrapped in the seductive charms of a small southern town, like Savannah, GA.  In addition to the dining area, South offers a Jazz Parlor, which is a large, spacious design with a stage and booths, as well as tables.  There is a cover charge to enter the Jazz Parlor, which is added to your bill.  Check the web site for amounts, because the costs differ from night to night.  However, when the band is playing, you can hear them when you're in the dining space.  

The servers wore jeans, along with a white top and white apron, I believe.  So, while the atmosphere is hipster and upscale, it's ok to wear jeans there.

The next day, we told everyone about our incredible experience at South.  Soooo...in case you can't guess from the five star rating and long, complimentary review, you should go.
2.5
Sighs in all my dramticness- yupp just made up that word lol. Sooo lets begin...

I dont know, I think based on my African American heritage and my grandmom who lived in a trailor home in Nathlie Virginia! I'm used to and been brought up on some good ole Southern cooking! So I think I place expectations a little too high when it comes to southern cooking espically with a restaurant called South!

So South seems to be a Southern and Louisiana fusion of food but it just wasn't good and the service wasn't good either. I orderd the catfish po boy and cornbread. My sandwich tasted bland the fish was too breaded, the remoulade was hardly there it was just boring. The fries tasted oily as if they placed the fries in day old oil. I originally ordered the hushpuppies but after waiting almost an hour they told me they couldn't get the recipe together so that's how I ended up with the cornbread for free which was nice.

The service seemed flustered, I asked the waiter for a straw cause I'm particular and he came back and placed the open straw on top of the table which almost rolled on the floor! Ughh no thanks! Then they never brought me back another one. Perhaps their skimpy with the straws?

Overall I expected more! Slow service and mediocre food!
South is one of the most distinctive venues I've been to in a while. Memorable- the design French provincial meets modern urban kitchen, complete with rugged white washed wood, an open lounge in the front, and an atrium ceiling in the middle of the restaurant.

The food was delicious, my shrimp and grits were perfect! The shrimp were sweet and fresh, the texture of the grits weren't too heavy or runny. The fried green tomatoes topped with gulf shrimp were the best fried green tomatoes I've ever had, could be a complete lunch or meal within itself. The blue crab toast was yummy, a crab salad (like tuna salad) on top of toast.  

The drinks were pretty good; crowd pleasers Strawberry Cucumber lemonade and the bourbon punch were cool and refreshing. A little disappointed with my lemon blueberry cake desert, just seemed store bought (not that moist) with added embellishments (jam and lemon curd). 

Jazz Lounge:
 
We saw there was a sound proof lounge with people having dinner and drinks on the other side of the restaurant  and this gorgeous diva of a woman was givin' Billie Holiday minus the white orchid on the side of her head. We immediately knew we needed to check her out!

Turns out Lauren Talese was doing a full set every hour and a half, so we were able to pay just $10 to gain entrance to her next show at 10pm. No cash accepted. So we had to get to the Ticketfly.com website by cell phone and order our seats.  

It's 10:00pm: 

Lauren hits the stage and my heart dropped! The voice of an angel; soft and sweet. She is a natural story teller and is not afraid to talk about the broken dreams that have come with heartbreak, belting out some well-known jazz standards as well as her own written pieces. She used to sing back up for Bilal and she did her rendition of Love Poems with that light airy voice, it was amazing. All of this a pleasant surprise. She performs at South on a fairly regular basis. Made my night, because we had plans to go elsewhere after dinner. The staff was awesome, the evening was laid back and the ambience is one that I will remember for quite some time. 

When in Philly HEAD SOUTH!
Unfortunately, I only discovered South a week or so ago, which means of course that I only had the option of getting takeout. With a little luck, maybe I'll be able to catch some jazz there in the next year and see what it's like to eat at the restaurant. But for now, I have only the quality of their food to judge on, and thankfully it was delicious.

We ordered a fried chicken platter that came with one each of breast, thigh, drumstick, and wing, as well as fingerling potatoes and collard greens. We also added an order of cornbread and an order of macaroni and cheese. I would say that the highlights were the chicken and our carb-y sides, though there was nothing in the order I didn't enjoy. 

The chicken was flavorful and moist and no worse for wear after my brief bike ride home from picking it up. One thing that amped up my enjoyment of it was the honey hot sauce that came with it. There's nothing particularly nuanced about it, but that doesn't mean it wasn't highly satisfying. The sweet aspect was present but never threatened to overwhelm and I guess you could say the same about the heat; if you like spicy food on most levels you should be able to enjoy it - a real spice junkie won't find it crazy hot, but will still get a nice, flavorful kick from it and someone with limited spice capacity who's maybe still building their tolerance will find it strong but bearable (especially if you can factor the cornbread in - more on that later). 

Rounding out the basic fried chicken platter, I guess I would point to the fingerling potatoes (normal and purple mixed) as the last remarkable part of the meal. They were kind of just there without much special preparation seeming to have gone into them...so thankfully they're potatoes and potatoes are just awesome additions to any meal and easy enough to season with a few shakes of a spice shaker. The collard greens, on the other hand, were definitely a pleasant surprise. They list as "turkey collard greens" and I can't say I would have been able to tell you there was turkey involved just by looking and tasting. But the flavor of the greens was excellent, with a little spicy kick on the back end. It was the most I'd enjoyed collards in a while. 

As for the additional sides, thumbs up on both. Both were large, shareable size (don't get me wrong, it would be a ripoff if they were normal side-size at the price you pay for them, but it's fine for what you actually do get). The cornbread was on the sweet, almost desert-y side of the cornbread spectrum, which went fine with the otherwise savory, somewhat spicy rest of the order. The macaroni and cheese were rich and heavy, but the right levels of those adjectives. I've had any number of mac and cheeses from restaurants that go way too far down the richness rabbit hole to the point where any more than two or three bites feels excessive and like a free pass to heartburn city, but I ate a proper side's worth of this along with everything else I've mentioned and felt a-ok. 

The little service you could say I had - ordering on the phone and picking up the order - was pleasant and friendly. I'm looking forward to ordering from here again and, whenever the time is deemed right, to going in for the full experience.
South (on North Broad) is a Southern inspired choose your own adventure type place with some very different but equally awesome options:

Adventure 1: Classy Dinner:

-Make a dinner reservation (they're on opentable)
-Sit and enjoy some delicious cocktails (they also have wine and beer),  a surprisingly light Southern meal in a beautiful dining room with great service,  while jazz plays in the background (but not too loud to have a conversation). Admire the floor to ceiling display of pickled veggies and bottle trees. Dress to impress or not,  they're not snooty and you'll fit in in jeans or a bit more dressed up (this is Philly after all).
-FOOD RECS:
PIMENTO CHEESE AND PICKLED VEGGIES - comes with bread and slightly sweet slightly spicy assortment of veggies  (cauliflower, okra, pickles, asparagus)  (Pro-tip: save some of the bread basket corn muffins and biscuits because you're going to need more vehicles for the spread).
KALE SALAD WITH SQUASH, ALMONDS AND BUTTERMILK DRESSING- light and refreshing, dressing is nothing to write home about but overall great flavors. 
LAMB SHOULDER OVER FARRO- delicious,  tender,  great flavor and a hefty portion,  favorite dish of the night. Get it.
POTATO DUMPLINGS- basically fancy tater tots. Pillowy and crispy. 
ROASTED VEGETABLES WITH CHEESE- perfectly crispy, cheese is delicious, great side.
CRISPY TROUT WITH ROMANESCO - it's  good but not great. I'd skip it.
Splitting 2 starters, 2 entrees, 2 sides and 2 drinks between 3 people was a perfect amount of food and rang in at a reasonable but not cheap $45ish per person with tax and tip.

Adventure 2: Jazz Show:

- Pay a cover charge (ranges depending on the band- $7-10 on weekends, generally more expensive on Thursdays and ticketed ($20-25), it was $10 on a Wednesday, call to confirm price) to step into a whole different world. 
-Crowd is diverse in age and race and the atmosphere is New Orleansy - but more Frenchman than Bourbon,  without the drunk frat boys.
-Order some drinks, apps,  or even a full meal (the whole menu is available),  but some of the tables are a bit small for eating.
-Sit back and enjoy acts while keeping conversation to a minimum, you're here for the music, not chatting. 
-We saw some excellent singers, saxophone solos and and a really great spoken word performance. 

DRINK RECS:
-DUST DEVIL- strong and delicious. 
-MINT JULEP- peach with with a lot of crushed ice and fresh mint.
-GRAPEFRUIT COLLINS- just sweet enough and a large portion. 
-Wines by the glass start at $10, so a bottle might be a better bet.
-Small but diverse selection of beers. 

Other adventures I'd like to try out are their 4-6 Happy Hour and their brunch- coming soon!

I'd recommend the jazz room, apps and drinks for something different,  or dinner if you're one of those people who likes Southern food in theory but always thinks it's a bit too heavy.
Simply, South is too good to keep to myself. Most people go to the South to listen to live Jazz music and indulge in scrumptious Southern Fare ( and the creep factor of course). But what if you could hit the jackpot without even stepping on a plane? Just Go to SOUTH.

- Jazz venue? Check. Jazz at South is where strangers -- rather than friends -- gather.
- Southern cuisine? Check. Carolina Shrimp and Grits, and Hush Puppies were so good. Everyone loves a delicious gumbo soup.
- Romantic ambiance? Check. Undoubtedly very laid-back and relaxed. Just book a table!

Four Yelps.
Two stars: one for the bar staff for the excellent drinks. Perhaps some of the best I've had in Philadelphia. Tasty without being mixologist pretentious. The other star goes to the front of the house hostess who was very gracious and accommodating. One star could potentially go to the kitchen for food that is definitely solid but needs some polishing. 

What I would like to focus on is the actual waitstaff service with is downright amateurish and borderline dangerous. Let me explain...
IThe 
I know nothing about waitstaff training but from having been to every kind of restaurant imaginable there are certain things that should be standard from a customers perspective 

1. If bread is complimentary then ask the customer if he/she wants bread. Better yet, bring it out. Bread is cheap but goes a long way to extending hospitality and making the customer fell welcome in your establishment. Our server didn't do that and we drank two cocktails apiece waiting for our appetizers to arrive. I had to ask for bread despite the fact that other tables seated  well after us got bread immediately. This may seem like a petty thing but when you're hungry and are waiting a upwards of thirty minutes for your appetizer, bread is a godsend. 

2. If you drop something on the floor, get another clean utensil etc before presenting it to the diner. Our server dropped a corkscrew on the floor, with the screw portion already opened, and then proceeded to use a dirty corkscrew to open a bottle of wine for the able next to us. If I were that table, I would have stopped her and requested a clean corkscrew. This is what you should expect from bottle service. God knows what filth is on the floor, and now it is on the table. Now, what are the odds of an illness coming from this? Probably zero. But the customer sees a waitress drop a serving tool on the floor and the proceed to use it. This makes an already inept service look worse. 

3. When clearing a table or taking a drink away, it makes sense to ask the customer if they are finished right? Wrong. We had one drink removed with some left in the glass which was in the process of being finished. Also the better late than never bread basket mentioned earlier still had some bread left before it was quickly removed. No one bothered to ask us if we were finished with it 

4. Please don't wear your service apron into the bathroom! I'm not sure again if this is industry standard to remove the apron prior to entering a contaminated area but it should be. You are bringing your serving apron into the bathroom, then going back into a food service area! Really! Again makes an already inept server look worse. Not to mention it is also disgusting from the perspective of the customer. 

Items number 1 and 3 speak to the general lack of experience and professionalism of a waitstaff service and are only annoyances. Items 2 and 4 stem from either poor education or total laziness in regards to basic hygeine. This cannot be excused and it should not be accepted. 

It should be mentioned that all of the above observations were of our server only. Maybe she does not represent the service at this restaurant however as in any small business it only takes one lackluster employee to bring the others down. 
 
Need less to say, there is nothing compelling about this place to bring me back except for the cocktails.
South Jazz Parlor is where you can get glamour southern food, mixed with irresistible crafted drinks -- we only tried the mocktails since I'll be driving back home to NJ that night -- such as the delicious hibiscus and lavender drinks, and tune in to your favorite jazz artist live. We were there to watch the superbly talented and charming Keiko Matsui performed her magic, and not only we left with an unforgettable music in our dreams, the close ambience and the participatory crowd made the evening so special.

Door opens at 6pm and they will take your name while you wait, and the server would then politely and patiently lead each party in order into their seating arrangement of choice. The room only holds about 70 ticket holders, so it's worth being there at 6pm sharp (or earlier) if you really want to sit up close and personal to your musicians.

I'm very pleased with the intimate atmosphere this jazz club delivers. To me, South offers a much memorable setting of the performances than other larger and more renowned jazz clubs, such as BB King's in NYC.

Different nights, different crowds, of course, but when we were watching this performance, folks politely enjoyed their drinks and food while listening and clapping and -- except for the very end, observed the quiet rule and were not too noisy at all. Keiko even mentioned that this is the first time she has the crowd finished clapping the rhythm to a favorite song that she had played in her worldwide tour (yeah, I'm part of the guilty party clapping all the way!).... Gerald Veasley, the marvelously talented base wizard (with his "unscripted" jazz series based at this joint) and friends delivered a perfectly symbiotic response to Keiko's music. We didn't try much of the food since we arrived after dinner, but there's always another time! P.S. Our server still brought us some tasty benne pocket bread to nibble on, on the house. Yes, I'm hooked.
South is a beautiful looking restaurant. If only the food matched the décor this would be a 5-star restaurant. Unfortunately, the food is a mixed bag. Things start off good with a bread basket containing corn muffins and bacon biscuits. The corn muffins were very good but the bacon taste in the biscuits was too strong for my liking. For appetizers I had a chance to try the rock shrimp and the crawfish fritters. The rock shrimp was delicious but the crawfish was not. Although to be fair I generally wouldn't even eat crawfish, so those that like crawfish may find it tasty. 

For my entrée I had the strip steak with carrots and potatoes. The steak comes pre-cut into slices. I ordered it medium, but it came out medium rare. I only ordered it medium because in general only the steakhouses know how to cook medium rare properly, so I was actually pleasantly surprised to see what appeared to be a perfectly cooked medium rare steak. Then I went to cut it. The steak was not easy to cut. Despite appearing to be a perfectly cooked juicy medium rare steak, it was actually chewy dry tasting steak. One bite I had to wash down with water because I couldn't completely chew it. Another slice was clearly from the end of the steak, and was so difficult to cut through that I didn't even eat it. I'm guessing the restaurant must be cooking the cheapest possible steak they can find. The chef cut it into slices, which means he knew he was serving me a poor quality steak that was not easy to cut through with an end piece that I probably wouldn't be able chew. I have no way of knowing if this is standard practice or that they pre-judged that I wouldn't know what a good quality steak is supposed to taste like. I've been to great steakhouses in both Philly & NYC, but this steak tasted like what I used to get as a kid at Sizzler. My girlfriend did share her pork chop and greens with me. Unlike my steak, the pork chop was wonderful and the greens were among the best I have tasted.

The restaurant also has a very nice looking room for live Jazz. I would have loved to listen to some Jazz there, but the web site did not have a calendar with a complete schedule of artists and times. When I arrived at 6:30 hoping I might be able to listen to some Jazz starting at 7, I was informed that the Jazz doesn't start until 8. I should not have to guess. It's not hard to set up a Google calendar and link to it from the restaurant web site.

I do see potential in SOUTH. The restaurant is beautiful, the Jazz concept is awesome, and they have some good meals. If they want to stand the test of time they must make it easier for people to see the Jazz schedule and set better standards in the kitchen when it comes to steak or simply take it off the menu. If it's difficult to cut through then don't serve it!
Honestly I'm still on the fence about my dining experience here. I REALLY wish YELP would offer the half star option. 
Had dinner here on 10/17 after making a reservation through open table. Was greeted very pleasantly by the hostess who had excellent energy and a bright personality. Unfortunately I can't  say the same about our server. We were seated a 2 person table which was very awkward, the table was crowded at all times. 
The waitress took our drink order and then asked if you wanted regular water in addition we told her no due the limited table space but she brought it out anyway. We just moved tot to the vacant table next to us. 
I enjoyed my food it was not I was expecting, the menu description & my presentation were very different nonetheless I highly recommend Carolina Shrimp & Grits. My companion Seafood Turkey Andouille Gumbo which he said was very good as well. For the table we shared skillet of cornbread & the Cajun shrimp deviled eggs. I wasn't wowed by either the cornbread was a little drier than my preference. 
A few things the night we were there was $1 oysters this wasn't shared with us and I didn't know until I saw it at the bottom of our receipt. We had to ask for complimentary bread... why? 
Overall I would give this place a go! They have live jazz I think every night and a brunch on the weekends!!
When walking into the restaurant the decor at 1st sight is reminiscent of Route 6, the restaurant that previously was at this location. However,  upon further inspection, the subtle differences helped to improve the ambience. The lighting was perfect, not too dim but not to bright either. The lighting provided a radiant glow. Throughout the restaurant there were ample mason jars filled with fresh vegetables that decorated the cabinets while providing a "homey" feel to the place. The staff was friendly and attentive.

Went with my bf. While my food was good, some of his food was disappointing :(.  For appetizers I had the crawfish fritters while he tried the rock shrimp. The waiter raved about the crawfish,  but I think his shrimp stole the show. The fritters had too little crawfish with too much dough / batter. 

I had the Berkshire pork with collard greens & polenta for my entree. The pork was tender, flavorful & succulent.  The greens truly tasted like authentic southern cuisine & the polenta was bland. His meal was not good. My bf had the strip steak that came with carrots & crispy potatoes.  His steak appeared to be undercooked & he said the carrots were hard. Of course, since I love him so, I shared my collard greens & pork with him :). He didn't seem to be disappointed.

While I mentioned his disappointment with the carrots to one of the staff, she shared it with the manager, who did nothing, including coming to check on us.

The dessert menu seemed to be ok, but nothing we had to try. The bacon biscuits and corn muffins served at the beginning of the meal were great. This place would be 4 stars in my book, but given the lack of response to my bf's concerns, it's only a 3 in my book.
Don't go hungry or you'll be disappointed; very small portions, expensive, but the food was good. Those who dined with me felt the same... they should really consider expanding the portion size. I didn't get to experience the jazz parlor; that is the only thing that would bring me back.
I came to SOUTH to celebrate my boyfriend's 24th birthday. Because of the special occasion, we opted for the Jazz Lounge ($10 extra dollars per person). The restaurant was full for a Wednesday night, but the Jazz Lounge only had three other couples (I don't blame people for wanting to avoided the fee).

Pros: The decor and ambiance in the Jazz Lounge was perfect for a date night. The music was great, loud but still enjoyable. Don't sit on this side if you want to talk. My boyfriend got the Turkey Gumbo, I recommend that dish and the cornbread! Our waitress, Jessica was very nice. Even though a show was going on, she made an effort to bring out a cupcake and candle for my boyfriend. Great customer service. 

Cons: The shrimp and grits were not that great. NOOO flavor at all. I hate sending food back so I just ate it anyway. We also had to wait 30 mins to get our drinks because of the bar being understaffed. Blah

Other than that, great place but super pricey and the dishes aren't even that big. Definitely more of a special occasion place. I don't see me being a regular.
Here's my updated South review. It's October, 2020 and still experiencing a pandemic. Made reservations on OpenTable for indoor dining at the beautiful South restaurant.

We were seated at the lounge -- close by the door and bar area. Very cozy seating. The atmosphere was nice and relaxing. The seating around us was spaced out and staff were wearing their mask. 

Currently, South has the QR code where you can pull up the menu on your phone. We ordered the classic mac & cheese and cornbread. My GOD...out of the two appetizers that we had no business ordering -- both taste like someone's southern granny cooked it! D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S! I LOVE mac & cheese and this is one of the BEST! The cornbread is cooked to perfection! Ugh! Moving along. We ordered the End of Summer Strawberry-Honey Sangria and Maker's Mark Old Fashioned. The sangria wasn't that good but the old fashioned was strong. For our entree we had the Maryland Lump Crab Cakes (which was real crab; ordered mashed potatoes that was meh, came with some secret dipping sauce, and coleslaw I did not eat) along with Wood-Grilled Atlantic Salmon (fish cooked perfectly and seasoned).

Staff was friendly and food came out quickly. South has their live music section opened that I have not yet had the pleasure of attending. Hopefully, I will someday.
This dinner was one of those times when you're sitting there and just like, "damn...I'm friggin lucky to be here!" This southern food style jazz bar is amaze.

I have to preface this by being transparent and saying the meal was comped through Philadelphia Jazz Festival and Positive Publicity blog, but even if I had paid, the review would be the same.

Let's start with aesthetic. Love the earth tones and openness. There is also outdoor garden decor and seating that I would be interested in checking out for a summertime happy hour.  I love the open, yet intimate feel of this place. It is v hip and trendy with an exposed kitchen - very chic.  We dined in the South Jazz Parlor, for the live music. Much more dimly lit, but still aesthetically pleasing and secluded for patrons who want to listen to some live jazz music while they dine.  The experience as well as the aesthetic is A+...this was only my second time at a jazz bar and the only other one I've been to was in LA, so I was thrilled since this commodity is few and far between these days.

Now time for the food. Are you ready? Idk if you are. Started with the skillet cornbread, small portions split between 4 people, but a great way to hold you over til the main course.  It was delicious.  For dinner I got the salmon! Served with rice and brussels.  It was so good, I usually don't ever order salmon, but I am glad I did. Also this was huge...I ate it all and I loved every bite.  We got the hush puppies and potato dumplings to share for side dishes. I highly recommend these two sides and there was more than enough of both for the 4 of us to get a taste and be satisfied. Also, YES we got dessert. Are you judging? The banana cheesecake was very unique and so good. I've never seen this served anywhere and I loved it.  We also got the decadent chocolate mousse and the name says it all.  I'm glad we split that because it was very rich. It also had caramelized walnuts...what?!?! Yas kween, yes please.

For cocktails I loved them all: the cucumber jalapeno margarita, the cucumber strawberry lemonade martini, and the Mezcal mule...with any of these you cannot go wrong.

Service was amazing. Our waiter Kamerin rocked. He gave honest reviews of what to get and what to shy away from, I appreciated that. 

The only negative thing was that it was a little toasty in there, but honestly the fact that I'm mentioning this is petty. Lol.

It was a wonderful experience. Thank you SOUTH, Philly Jazz Fest, and my wonderful friends for an unforgettable evening out.
I have been to South for happy hour several times (their "Hours of Happiness" selection is always great), but I waited until Center City Restaurant Week 2019 to try dinner here, and I'm glad I did, because it was a great way to experience several of their dishes at a steal of a price. I did dinner here last week with my husband and a friend of ours, and our unanimous enthusiasm for the different dishes we all had strikes me as a great endorsement of the restaurant's kitchen overall. The ambiance was also lovely, with a beautiful dining room and romantic lighting. Even not being within the main room that featured the jazz performance, we got to see and hear a bit of it seeping through the glass partition, which was a nice unexpected extra.

On to the food! Everyone knows the 3-course restaurant week format, and it was nice that South had several vegetarian/pescatarian-friendly options. I got the Blue Crab Toast which had a lemon caper ravigote, avocado, peppadew relish, and the taste was excellent, though the texture of the toast was maybe a little more toasty/dry than I'd prefer. My husband got the Deviled Eggs, which he loved, and our friend got the Black Eye Pea Soup with turkey andouille, baby kale and lemon zest, which she really enjoyed. We all devoured every bite of our respective Course 1 options.

Course 2 was also different for each of us - I got the Smothered Catfish
with grits, my friend got the Shrimp and Grits, and my husband got the Creole Pasta. The gravy that came with mine, which consisted of shrimp jus & micro herbs, was great, and the grits were fantastic. The fish itself was a little more breaded and a little less smothered than I expected, but still very tasty. My friend loved her shrimp and grits, which also came with grape tomatoes and wilted watercress, and my husband loved his pasta, which included tomatoes, red bell peppers, green bell peppers, garlic, basil. They were able to finish their entrees, but I had to take half of mine home. Even without the appetizer beforehand, my fish and grits was an enormous enough portion to make for two meals.

Finally, dessert! A sampler that consisted of a chocolate terrine with berry compote, a pear bread pudding with caramel glaze, and a buttermilk drop (basically a beignet) with cinnamon sugar, coffee anglaise was served to each of us. Of course we mostly had to take the desserts to go too. If given a choice I'd say that the bread pudding was my favorite - I love bread pudding and need more of it in my life. The chocolate terrine had a really unctuous, deep dark chocolate flavor and wonderful texture. The only unremarkable piece for me was the buttermilk drop, but I tend to dislike fried pastry options - I'm not really a doughnut fan either.

Overall, a really wonderful dining experience, and looking forward to more happy hours and dinners at South in the future.
I've been to South several times and unsure of why I haven't reviewed it yet. I think because I'm hoping next time will be better (by me trying something else, but it's just okay).

I wish I could give a 3.5. South is not bad but it's missing "something". Like some extra southern-ness. For instance, this time I ordered shrimp & grits. I LOVE shrimp & grits but South's shrimp & grits is just -- okay. It does not have the creole or southern spiciness to it. The cornbread is always on point with the delicious butter. Think this is my favorite food to eat at South. They also offer still water that's $2 per person and it goes towards the Flint crisis (which we ordered). The water tasted good. 

South ambience is great for date night, special occasion, or for just an intimate setting. This visit to South was for a birthday celebration. We brought in cupcakes and the restaurant charged $15 for birthday cake fee (*blank stare*). 

Overall, I frequent here from time to time. I do like the atmosphere and hopefully I can hear the musicians someday.
I'll state the obvious: aesthetically speaking this place is gorgeous! The exterior and interior decor is top notch, I love the glass bottles hanging off the ceiling and the romantic lighting. The outside sports instagram-Esque white walls with large square gridded windows and vines. There are two rooms: the main room has a large bar and a lounge-like dining area while the other half are regular dining tables. The inner room is a lot darker and this is where the live jazz music is. 

My friends and I made a reservation on Open Table for 3 on a Sunday night at 6:00PM. We arrived at 6:05 and the place had about 2 tables seated, we saw a lot of servers strolling around. At 6:10, after standing around for 5 minutes, a host finally comes up to us and asks if we have a reservation which we told him the name for. Get this: he proceeds to mark the reservation as a canceled, so my friend was notified of this on his phone as we were walking to our seats.......you can see where this story is headed. We get walked to the Jazz room that's empty atm with musicians setting up. Server gives us one menu for 3 people...As were waiting for our server to order we noticed a small postcard on the table that there is a $25 entertainment charge per person. Nothing against jazz or the band but I was there for dinner, and it's a little deceiving that we weren't made aware of this at all. Talked to the server and she basically inferred we had to pay the $25 so we put it bluntly that we don't care for the jazz, and if there would be a charge if we sat in the main room where the other tables were. She told us to go back to the hostess stand to be seated again. Kid you guys not we stood at the hostess stand for another 5 minutes and in that time our host was seating a 6 top then disappeared to the kitchen somewhere. We sat 3 steps from where we stood in the beautiful lounge seats. About 10 MINUTES later, we were approached by the bartender for our drinks. We ordered drinks at 6:25 and server came at 6:30. It took 25 minutes to put our order in at an almost empty restaurant Our server was nice and bubbly and offered to move the tables together for us. We finished eating at around 7:30 and I asked the server for the dessert menu, letting her know it was my friends bday. She disappears for 15 MINUTES, before coming back with the dessert menu. At this point we're just ready to leave but FOR BDAYS sake we order 1 dessert and I also asked her for the check. Took a while as expected, about another 10 minutes. $165 dollars for a waste of my time.

Mezcal Mule: completely watered down, too much ice, I couldn't even taste the ginger .
South 75: no complaints, nothing special. A traditional French 75 might be better.
Crispy Rock Shrimp: I have a very simple philosophy, if something tastes like I can get it at a chain then it doesn't belong at a restaurant like this. $6 appetizer at best. Shrimp wasn't flavorful and nothing stand out. We barely touched it.
Crispy potato dumplings: these were ok, not bad for the price. Kind of plain. 

Entrees
Sirloin strip steak: HORRIBLE, horrible!!!! For $28 a 12oz steak with 2 sides at Texas Road House tastes 10x better for $19. Picture the $6.99 steak meat at Shoprite. Super thin, color of the steak is a stale brown, we asked for medium rare and it was almost cooked, but I can see why it was impossible to cook because it's so thin. 
Duck breast & leg confit: the mashed sweet potatoes were very good, if you like it really sweet (I love sweets). The duck breast was really good but it was over cooked once again, not medium rare. The leg was mediocre. $22
Wood oven roasted lamb shank: $25 the portion for this was huge. My friend really liked the lamb, if was fall off the bone tender. The lamb smell was particularly very strong so the quality probably wasn't that good. Brussels sprouts were not cooked well, soggy and not flavorful.
Sweet potato Cheesecake: recommended by the server but honestly it was nothing standout in terms of flavor or texture. Very mediocre, tastes like a slice they could've taken out of those assorted cases at Shoprite LOL
I will start by saying that I high recommend giving this place a try.  I had no idea this place existed until a friend recommended it to me and after looking at the menu I quickly made a reservation because, I mean, who doesn't love remixed southern food?  Well, after eating here, I can say the answer to that question is me, I don't love their remixed soul food. 

First, the restaurant is very very cute. The ambiance is relaxed and very southern chic. I could sit in the restaurant or in the outdoor seating all day sipping one of the 150 whiskey options they have. It was a wonderful aesthetic experience.  The service was also really good, we were well taken care of by ever member of the wait staff so that make the experience event better. EXCEPT one little weird thing with the bread, we didn't get bread until after we got our appetizer and when the table asked for more (a table of 7) he brought us two more pieces.  Get this, we ended up having one basket on the table with one piece in it AND THE SERVER TOOK IT BACK to place the basket with two biscuits down.  What the heck was up with that? 

Next, the drinks.  Some of the drinks I have to say, are a little watered down (the mezcal and the jalapeño margarita) so I would not recommend those.  However, they have redeemed themselves with their whiskey selection and THE BOULEVARDIER because both are spectacular.  

Now, last and least, the food. Now the complimentary gouda biscuits were great.  They could be a little more buttery/warm, but they were great.  We also got cornbread as a starter and it was delicious! It came in a skillet and guys, GUYS, THERE WAS NO CORN KERNELS IN IT! I hate cornbread with corn in it, so this was a win.  For an entree I got the Lobster and grits.  Now, those of you who read my reviews know I love a seafood and grits option at any restaurant.  However, I was sorely disappointed in this dish.  The lobster was fried with no flavor.  The grits were EXTREMELY runny and bitter, I would have loved a little more of a buttery, Cajun flavor.  I also noticed they put balsamic vinegar in it and that did not help with the flavor of the meal.  For $29, I was pretty disappointed.  Other people at the table ordered steak and it was overcooked.  I wanted soooo badly for the food to be amazing here, but it seems like all the focus was on the decor and drinks and not the food. 

I would come back for a relaxing drink, listen to some jazz, and some cornbread, but that's about it.
This restaurant/jazz bar is AMAZING. Now don't get me wrong, it's also pricy but worth it. 

My fiancée and I went for our 1 year anniversary. We bought the tickets for the show (25.00 each) ahead of time. The show was at 9:00, but we got there at 8:00 and sat at the bar. They started seating at 8:30. 

Everyone was kind and welcoming from the moment you arrived, to the moment you left. We ordered probably a total of 6 drinks, 2 appetizers (shrimp and corn bread, very good) our main meal (fried chicken and salmon. The salmon was very small, but the sides made up for it; the fried chicken delicious) and dessert (chocolate moose with Toffee pieces) to DIE for, so delicious. 

The show was beautiful, amazing, so romantic. The chairs and the seating arrangement though, tight. I'm a plus sized woman, and I was a little cramped but it was all worth it! You cannot get up and dance, but the music is so relaxing and amazing; why would you want to. 

My fiancée and I had a magical time; but after the tickets, the meal, tip and tax it was about a 200.00 night easy. 

We most likely will be returning for another beautiful occasion. This was perfect.
Went here for the first time last night with a couple of girlfriends! I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered Sangria. It wasnt the sweetest sangria but it was delicious none the less. Once the girls got there, we were greeted by our waitress Jessica! Super sweet! The cornbread was AMAZING! I ordered the Gulf Catfish and loved it!! Great ambiance! Would definitely go back!
First time I tried this restaurant and it was restaurant week visit. I was super satisfied after my meal ;-) 
The location was kinda far. I've been that place before and it was lobster/ seafood place if I remember right. The ambiance was pretty same except they were playing live jazz music and it was quite nice. 

3 course restaurant week menu we tried were gumbo( our waitress recommended and she was right), pork chop, mahi and chicken. For dessert we got spiced pumpkin cake and pecan pie with vanilla ice cream. 

Their bread basket was die for. Yummy cheese biscuit and corn bread with cream cheese butter. We ended up asking second basket.

Appetizer sized gumbo was huge and delicious. Everyone enjoyed it. I believe pork chop was the best choice among main dish. Mahi with farro salad was pretty good too but little lack of flavor. 
For dessert huge pecan pie piece came out with big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Was really delicious. I ended up left my spice pumpkin dessert and just ate pecan pie coz was so so good. Overall was super satisfying. I will def go back.
Saw South while roaming thru Yelp for places to go to that fit my style and mood. I like the fact that most of the reviews touch on the live jazz band. SOLD! 

I called them up to verify they were open late, dress code and to book a reservation.  They are open late, dress code told to me was business casual  and they gave me a slot which gave me an hour to get to them from Atlantic City.  

I didn't have any issues with parking as I found a location across the street just in front of them. I wish I saw that they had valet parking because that would have happened. 

Upon walking in,  I was promptly greeted and ask for my name to check my reservation.  They told me I had to wait couple minutes. So I went to the bar and sat down.  Right when I was about to order a drink they came and got me to whisk me away to my table.

Wyatt, my server came rushing in to see what I would like off the menu. I ordered a Hilton Head Iced Tea. He walk off and came back with a bottle of water followed by my drink 10 minutes later. I see why there was a little wait. After mixing the drink (Jim Beam Bourbon and Peach liquor) they pour it into a glass flask. After Wyatt poured my drink into my glass there was still some mixer left to pour into more into my glass.  This  drink was no joke! Tasted good and pack a little punch. $10 well spent

On to the band.  They were amazing and harmonized perfectly. There was one couple dancing while the rest of us just grooved in our seats. As mentioned in my video, the band brought someone on the stage that requested to sing. This made for such a lovely experience.  

The one thing that threw caught me off guard  was that it cost $10 to sit in the jazz parlor. Nothing major just wasn't aware. All and all I will definitely be going back.
We booked a 7:45pm table in the jazz club portion of the restaurant on a night that had 7pm and 9:30pm performances. We had never been to South before so we didn't know that our reservation had to coincide with one of the specific showtimes. We also didn't know what the showtimes were until we got there. We thought we'd just be seated at our reservation time, and the music would be playing in the background. 

Boy, were we wrong - diners, be warned! We were told to wait at the bar and that we'd be seated shortly. We ordered a drink. It was delicious, the bar area has a lovely atmosphere, and we were fortunate enough to get seats... but, 25 minutes go by. We finish our drinks. Another 15 minutes go by... I finally go to ask the hostesses when we will be seated because  we thought they forgot about us. 

It is at *this* time that they explain that we'll be seated with the next show... what?! Why were we able to make a 7:45pm dinner reservation? Why didn't you explain this when we walked in??! South misses the mark on setting expectations. If this was explained at the beginning, it wouldn't have been a problem. But to wait 1.5 hours to see random jazz??! 

So, we order another round of drinks. At this point the bar is jam packed with people who've arrived for the second show, service at the bar is extremely slow, no one in our section could get the bartender's attention and frankly, she didn't give a ---.  She knew we weren't going anywhere and she'd get to us when she was good and ready.  Everyone at our end of the bar bonded, apologetically, over the poor service, it was that flagrant. 

Finally at 9:15pm we are led into the jazz club for dinner. 9:15 on a Sunday night!!! It is absolutely unacceptable to wait 1.5 hours for a table when you make a reservation. As I mention earlier, we were excited to see some local jazz but not at all this effort. We would've left but we had just been given a gift certificate and that's honestly the only reason we waited. Otherwise we would've forfeited the jazz and gone elsewhere. 

The jazz was very good, which redeemed the night for us. Another thing that isn't mentioned when you book for dinner is that there's a per person cover charge to sit in the jazz area - on the night we were there, it was $15 per person, on top of dinner and drinks. We didn't mind this, but it should be shared upfront. You can't hear the jazz at all if you're in the main dining room. 

Overall there were too many surprises, and not the good kind. 

This restaurant has the potential to be incredible, it just needs better management and organization. Also please make it clear on the OpenTable that your reservation in the jazz club has to coincide with a showtime, otherwise you'll be seated for a later show.
We were in town on vacation and found South on Yelp and I'm so glad we did. It was open mic night and they had a stellar band hosting and a parade of extremely talented folks come up to join them. The music was absolutely top rate and the piano player who acted as the emcee was very charming. It was also fun that the crowd was really listening to the music and was supportive of the performers. Just a tremendous vibe all the way around...performers, clientele, servers.

The food was great and we especially loved the cornbread. Drinks were a little slow coming out but we were in no hurry. 

Yelp listed this as "dressy" attire but don't let that throw you. Very diverse crowd in all respects. Some were obviously on dates and were dressed up but there were others who weren't.
mood for some great drinks, delectable food and amazing jazz music? because i'm always in the mood. this place is wonderful.

i love coming here on a nice night, eating some blue crab toast, $5 nashville chicken sliders (which are so spicy in the best way) and their homemade chips with a nice glass of whiskey sitting outside having some good conversation. once you get tired of talking, head inside to their earthy decorated building with some wonderful jazz music.

this is such a cute date night place and i love coming here! definitely recommend to others; not the best for a big group unless you all promise to be on your best behavior, it's tad on the classy side :)
My boyfriend and I were in Philadelphia this past weekend.  One of the stops we super excited to make was here, at South, for dinner.  We had brunch here about a year ago, and we remember enjoying the food and the ambiance so much that we wanted to come back.  Unfortunately, this visit just didn't live up to what we expected.

It started out well.  We made a 7:30pm reservation, and we didn't have to wait long for our table to be ready.  Our server was Maurice.  He was prompt in taking our order, and was quick to serve water, cocktails, appetizers, and entrees.

For dessert, we ordered a strawberry shortcake.  He placed a dessert with two spoons in front of us.  We each take a bite, and notice it's an apple dessert.  We bring it to his attention after which he curses under his breath, apologizes for the mistake, and takes it back.  He comes back with our dessert order, explaining he gave us another table's dessert order.  

Afterwards, we ask for the check. My boyfriend places the credit card in the pocket of the check holder, and gives it back to the server.  I have no idea what happened between the walk from our table to where the check is taken care of, but the server LOST MY CREDIT CARD.  

He comes back to the table a several (3) times asking my boyfriend if he's sure he placed the credit card in the check holder.  Of course, he did...this is not the first time we've paid for a bill.  We, then, see him searching the floor, the open kitchen area, the bar area, etc.  

He finally asks for assistance from other employees to start searching as well including the hostess, the manager, etc.  I see the manager check under the seats and the table about 5 feet from my table...he didn't even come over to speak to us.  He came over earlier in the night for 5 seconds to ask if we were okay, but this real issue comes about, and he can't take another 5 seconds to speak to us?  

I swear we had to have been waiting for at least 30 minutes while they looked for our credit card.  It seemed so long, I felt like they were going to make us wait until closing.  

Anyway...I supposed the card mysteriously walked away because they could not find it.  

Another female employee comes up to explain that this is the second time this happened in a couple years.  She says that we wouldn't have to "worry about the bill right now"...that if they found my card, they could take care of it at that time.  She, then, proceeds to say that Maurice never saw the credit card in the check holder.  Was she trying to insinuate that we never put a card in the check holder?  RIDICULOUS.  

Maybe try hiring staff that can competently and efficiently run a credit card.  I have worked as a waitress, and it's common sense that when customers are ready to pay, it means they are ready to leave.  How long does it take to run a card?  Not even 2 minutes.  We could have avoided all of this trouble with just a swipe of a card. 

My boyfriend and I are both professionals...we are also avid restaurant goers...I think we know how to properly handle taking care of a bill that was only $104.  

Way to take responsibility for your mistake, and way to offend your customers.  

I don't even remember the food because the nightmare at the end of my meal overshadowed the whole experience.
I had recently come back from NOLA, so I had "authenticity" fresh in my mind. South came pretty close flavor wise, but wasn't 100%.

SERVICE: The service was nice, but extremely overwhelmed and slow given an influx of people midweek from an unannounced concert at the MET. Was there waiting much longer for everything than desired and the wrong dishes came out. Started out at the bar prior which had the same delayed scenario. Cocktails were nothing blow away, everything on the sweet side. 

FOOD: Grilled oysters only came with 4 but were pretty tasty and large. Cornbread was very large in a skillet and had a slightly sour honey butter on top. I enjoyed it, but not the best cornbread I ever had... needed a little more sweetness to it. The fried catfish was good (remained juicy inside), but the stewed tomatoes and hush puppies on the side were fantastic (despite being cold). The grits that came with the shrimp and grits was the best I ever had. Sooo thick and flavorful. VERY filling. The shrimp were mediocre in flavor and size, but I enjoyed the Cajun stew sauce mixed in. 

SCENERY: Loved the style of this place--like a rustic, southern farmhouse or porch. Bottles and flowers hanging from the ceiling, but upscale and clean at the same time. 

Would return on a less crowded night if ever in the area in hopes of quicker more attentive service, correct orders on first try, and warm food.
While there is little I miss about living on the West coast, up until last night I had not been able to find any place in Philadelphia to replace the excellent food and wonderful music I used to enjoy at Yoshi's in Oakland. 

Hooray for South! Omar Sosa and his JOG Trio were playing there on 11/13/16 and I wanted to introduce my friend S. to his music. Sosa is such a stellar artist, I would sit happily in a cold pig trough if it meant I could hear him playing live. Fortunately, South is a warm slice of Heaven.

We found free parking on a side street less than a 5 minute walk from the venue and were warmly greeted when we entered South. We were seated in the bar area and given drink menus, after being told the jazz lounge wouldn't be open for a bit. Within a few minutes, we were escorted to our table-maybe 12 feet from the stage. 

Wyatt was our server and he was gracious, friendly and answered all our menu questions. We ordered the hot skillet corn bread (nice, but nothing special) and the cheese, crackers and pickle appetizer. I loved this. Pickled okra! Pimento cheese! A large benne cracker came with the platter and we made short work of everything. I had the house Herbal Collins which was refreshing and clean tasting but not fizzy. That was a minor disappointment, but I will just know to order another one of the interesting drinks the next time I'm there. 

My friend order a crab cake which was nicely plated. I didn't taste it but she said it was excellent. I had the shrimp and grits and can see why people rave about this. The grits are from Anson Mills and they have cheese and lobster mixed in. The shrimp were large, fresh and perfectly cooked. Omar and the trio started around the time our entrees arrived, so I was hard pressed to eat and just half listen or immerse myself in the music and let my food get cold. I managed to enjoy the food and the music equally and stayed for the second set, too.

The acoustics and sound system are perfect, the waitstaff move around the room quietly and almost invisibly while the performers are on stage and the whole affair is a treat for all the senses.

Our dessert choices were fruit cobbler with vanilla ice cream which S. made vanish quickly and I had the bourbon pecan pie with buttermilk ice cream. The desserts were not too sweet, the pie crust was flaky and I could really taste the pecans and not just Karo syrup, which is usually how pecan pies taste. 

The hospitality here is superb. It's a professional but warm friendliness from the time you walk in the door until you exit. The food is divine and I will be back often for happy hour, dinner and to catch a show when an artist I like is playing. You are only doing yourself a serious disservice if you don't come here!
South is a whole vibe. It's a lovely black-owned restaurant in Philly and it's certainly full of soul. I was attending a concert at the Met up the street so some cousins and I met up for dinner and drinks. 

I forgot the name of the drink that I had but I know it had bourbon in it. For dinner, I got the Atlantic salmon with crawfish stew. It came with rice and broccoli. The salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I also got to try some of their cornbread which was very tasty as well. Our server was great. I would definitely return when in Philly again.
Let me start by saying that I absolutely LOVE SOUTH... when they are doing what they do best- having shows, serving amazing food to overcrowded rooms, and pleasing people. 

However, I am here now sitting in the bar seating area waiting for service. How long have I been waiting? 50 minutes. I arrived at 3:30- unaware that they would not be open for dinner until 4... asked if I could sit and wait in the beautiful bar seating area- the confused hostess told me that I couldn't sit there.... after assuring her that I was waiting and not ordering, she said- Oh, you can sit in our bar seating area- as if it were her idea. 

At 4 oclock a light-skinned bald man came and lit my candle without asking me if I was going to be placing an order... by this time 4 other people had joined me... awaiting service. 

I have watched this light-skinned bald man walk around, serve the other 3 parties, make conversation with other staff members... all without asking me if I would like to place an order. 

Around 4:02, I asked for a menu from a woman who was flying past my table... I know what I want to eat... I have money to spend. I'm about to pass out from hunger... I even have a menu on my table. Yet I'm not being served... 

Why am I writing this instead of flagging down this light-skinned bald man who keeps avoiding my gaze? Because I watched Brown Betty's, and many other black owned businesses fail because of failures less than this and I don't want SOUTH to become another. Please train your people... if there is a menu on the table for more than 30 minutes without the customer being engaged... you have failed.
You want this in your life. 
This is not a restaurant- it's an experience. 
My friend invited us out to hear some live jazz and grab dinner and they delivered. The atmosphere is exactly what you need. They have different performers come in. The band tonight was worth every penny. 

The food makes you moan out loud lol. We did family style and everything was so.damn.good. Macaroni and cheese should be outlawed.

To top it all off, the service was perfect. We had Marketh who was so patient and attentive. Our glasses stayed full. Shout out to the manager LaSha. She came around and checked on us and kept laughing. I will obviously be coming back next time I'm in town.
UPDATE: 6/7/2020 So I wanted to order takeout but literally every app was giving me problems. I called the restaurant in between attempts and each time Michelle was super patient and helpful. I was determined not to be deterred, I had my mouth set on a meal from SOUTH tuhday! In my final attempt, the manager got on the phone to troubleshoot with me and she too was so patient and so helpful, she was able to figure out the issue and she helped me to navigate the app so that I could place my order. As an awesome thank you gesture, the owner threw in some extra treats. And when I say everything was good, E-VER-Y-Thing was goodt! it felt like thanksgiving in June. And I was especially thankful that the food came in foil pans so that everything can be reheated in the oven. LOVE!LOVE!LOVE! SOUTH
What a wonderful place for happy hour! I came here with a friend and we thoroughly enjoyed the happy hour vibe of South. We opted to sit at the bar inside and we had great service and enjoyed fantastic food and drink. For drinks, we had the south of the border (which was mostly mixing syrup, and no tequila), the rose (which was refreshing), and the 60 Minute IPA (which speaks for itself). For food, we got the smoked wings and the pimento cheese and pickle board. The wings were amazing! The sauce was well distributed and there was a decent amount of meat on the bones. I'd recommend ordering. The pimento cheese board was also a hit for us. 

Being from the south, the overall vibe was spot on (the pimento cheese, the oysters, the catfish) and I was pretty impressed with how everything looked. I'd definitely suggest this place for happy hour to anybody looking.
I had a really good meal. The rock shrimp poppers were crisp and spicy in a creamy ranch sort of dip drizzled over.  
I ordered the blackened redfish which came with side of veggies (those were a bit over salted) while the rice w veggie was a bit under salted. Still the blackened fish was perfect. 
My husband got the vegetarian papardella pasta with mushroom and he really enjoyed that as well. 
No drinks were ordered. We sat at the chefs counter and It looked like a lively Saturday night. Would like to go back for the jazz parlour
My first experience at South was a few years ago in the jazz club section.  The performer at the time was Zenia McPherson.  The show was amazing and captivating.  It was my first time actually having a live jazz dinner so the experience alone was one for the books!  While the experience was on the pricey side, it's worth experiencing for a much needed date night or special occasion. The only aspect of the meal that I can remember from that experience was the delicious cornbread.

My more recent experiences have been in the dining only area.  The main course options are not vast at all and the sides are pretty limited when you consider all the options that a southern restaurant had to offer.  The dessert options are even more limited especially since southern desserts are sought after.  That was a bit disappointing.  The meal that I usually have is the fried chicken dish, they fry it to a perfect crisp and usually comes out hot and crispy.  The honey hot sauce is a perfect add.  

The best experience I had was the private area for my sisters wedding reception in the garden during the summer.  The staff was great, everyone enjoyed their food and the setting was beautiful!
We came here with friends to see Jaguar Wright Nina Simone Project.
F and I arrived early to enjoy a cocktail at the bar. I ordered the Sazerac and F had a porter. Both were perfect. 
I never used to want to sit at the bar, but rather a cozy table. However, now I ALWAYS take a seat at the bar. It is so much more interesting. Case in point...who sits down at the bar stool next to me, but Ms.Wright herself! We had a lovely time talking, then the rest of the band joined her. What a bonus!
The bar area, as well as the rest of the restaurant, is warm, the decor is lovely.
When our friends arrived we were seated in the performance area, which is just as nice as the rest of the space.
The food has a Southern vibe, but not heady handed. I had the shrimp and pappadelle. Delicious! I literally cleaned my plate. All four of us loved what we ordered.
I am so glad to have found another place to enjoy Jazz and fantastic food and drinks.
Fun times with great food. Mad a reservation and the interior was nothing we expected! It had a very vintage yet classy ambiance and just an overall pleasant experience. We weren't in the room with the live jazz music but we could definitely hear it from where we were sitting! 

The food was great. From the biscuits to the entrees, everything was delicious! My wife got the duck, which was a bit over cooked, but the restaurant owner was kind enough to send us home with a fresh entree at no extra cost! They definitely get an A for service and just overall customer satisfaction. 

Overall, a great experience and will be back again to check out the live jazz lounge and try some new food :)
Along with my crazy and well fed family, I came to South for a pre Philadelphia Marathon race dinner. This might seem risky, some may think. Heavy, buttery southern style food the day before you're planning on torturing yourself into running that many miles? Well yes, it is a practice in conservative eating, however not all of us were running and when I bring my family into town I need to take good care of them when it comes to the eating. 
We were so pleasantly surprised from the moment we walked in. I love the large open space which is somehow both dimly lit and bright. The walls are made up of glass doored cabinets that line the entire main room, filled with liquor bottles behind the bar, and extending into the kitchen holding colorful and delicious house pickles (everything from green beans to entire ears of corn to watermelon), and then some decorative pottery on the far wall. I have to be honest, I'm not sure how much they changed this space between the transformation from Route 6 to South, but that wouldn't be a bad thing-it's beautiful. The Jazz space is through a back door and I could pleasantly hear music wafting into the dining room. I will be back for the Jazz alone.
The meal was fantastic, though I have to say appetizers far and away beat out entrees. We had the crab avocado toast, fried oysters, pickled trout and pimento cheese. These were all incredibly flavorful and were gone way too fast. For entrees, the crispy Georgia trout, mushroom papradelle and of course the shrimp and grits made appearances. I was a fan of the pasta dish, though I admittedly would want to order the shrimp and grits next time.
There was a bourbon milk punch that was on the bottle aged cocktail list that my SIL got. Well this thing sounds kind of weird, I agree, but holy goodness that thing tasted like the best egg nog I've ever drank, but better. It was smooth and creamy and really should be on the boozy dessert menu. All other cocktails were on point, and they have a pretty decent tap list including two firkins while I was there. 
This place really hit it out of the park for me and my family and I can't wait to return, sit in the back, listen to Jazz and get drunk on southern food and bourbon punch.
I love this place!! The jazz artists were excellent, providing a soulful experience while dining. If you plan to dine while sitting in the jazz bar, I would suggest that you get there early as it gets packed. The food was excellent and so was Jen, our waitress. The cheddar biscuits that they bring to the table was a great starter to what's to come. We dined on the skillet cornbread with cream cheese honey butter, blue crab ravigote, cornmeal crusted trout, and crawfish stuffed flounder. For dessert, we ended the meal with beignets. Incredible meal! Thank you South for a wonderful experience.
I've been here twice in the last month. The very first time was for a special occasion. They surprised us with ice cream at the end of dinner. I also have a shrimp allergy and They kindly accommodated me with devil eggs that did not have shrimp. The second time was after a play. Everything I have eaten, I have thoroughly enjoyed and would gladly come back here again for a third visit. 
Also the manager Mike was exceptional.
I have to update my review, which I've never done before.  My last review was A+ but my second time here was a disappointment.  We came for Father's Day, a special occasion because I had such a great experience my first time, but after leaving I felt bad I brought my dad here because it was so subpar.

They had a fixed menu which I knew going in there, but they were not offering anything else.  I thought the pre-fixed menu would be optional, not mandatory.  They didn't offer anything else on the menu.  That is crazy to me!  We all ended up getting the salmon which was SO undercooked along with the brussels.  The food was plain terrible.  

I'm bummed out because I was hoping to frequent this spot regularly, but I don't think I'll  be back.
It can be a traumatizing thing when your favorite neighborhood restaurant and happy hour is shut down, which is exactly how I felt when Route 6 went dark last year.  I could reminisce about their bloody mary, clam chowder, burger and oysters for hours, but that would be dwelling in the past.

I was excited when I heard the space was going to be retrofitted for a jazz scene and decided to check it out for happy hour during their opening week.  Sure, there are a few kinks, but I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.  This was already a beautiful space, and they didn't change the bones of the place much other than soundproofing the back room and adding some rustic touches along with some greenery, which was needed.

The staff was extremely friendly and timely (albeit a little shaky with the menu, which was expected).  They need to declutter the menu presentation a bit to streamline the process.  The draft beers are diverse and interesting with some exclusives from Evolution (yay for the peach, nay for the julep).  On top of that, the cocktail selection is excellent, they're well prepared, and in-line for pricing. 

We tried the three happy hour food specials, which were:  pork boudine croquettes, crawfish fritters, and a smoked mushroom flatbread.  If you like scrapple, order the croquettes.  They're delicious two-bite morsels that pair really well with the mustard and pickled cabbage underneath them.  The crawfish fritters will be the item this place is known for shortly, order them to find out why.  The flatbread is tasty and unique with a ton of smoky mushroom flavor, but I have to say they need more cheese on it and less sauce.  This is coming from a guy that likes saucy pizza.  

The neighborhood is really taking off, but it's still in the early phases, which is what Starr found out with Route 6, so until foot traffic really expands, this needs to be a destination spot to succeed.  I'm really rooting for South to anchor the area's food and music scene along with Alla Spina and Osteria.  As a matter of fact, I'll be down for drinks tonight!

Suggestion:  Extend happy hour to 6:30 or 7:00 to keep people around for jazz and avoid losing customers to Alla Spina's 7:00 happy hour next door.
I can't believe I lived in Philly for a full 2 years before discovering this place. I love jazz music, and prior to finding South, I'd only heard of one or two jazz bars, so I was thrilled to find that there was a third, pretty unique venue not too far from where I live.

South is chic. It's not what you think of when you think of a jazz parlor: dark, dimly lit, maybe halfway underground. South is pristine and rustically decorated, classy without being pretentious. We came on a rainy weekend for a sold-out show in the jazz parlor, and the experience was great.

The food was wonderful. The mains were delicious, but it was the sides that stood out the most, mainly the cheddar potato dumplings and the hush puppies with honey butter. Both sound like pretty commonplace food items, but trust me, South makes them exceptional. Both are actually on the happy hour menu as well (which has great prices), so I'm looking forward to going during happy hour and eating them again. Service was also attentive, and everyone was really nice.

The jazz show was fantastic, and my friend from out of town really enjoyed herself, as did the boyfriend. I would say if you are going to a jazz parlor show, do try to get there early. The room is long and narrow, so if you are seated in the back and it's a crowded show (as ours was), it can be a little difficult to see over everyone else's heads. Shows vary from being $5 to $50, so you can definitely find something within your budget if you want to see some great live jazz and don't want to pay a fortune!

Definitely will return to this place.
Being from a Southern state (Maryland -- so i won't go as far as to call myself a southern belle -- even though i wish i could) I do love some home cooked southern food! Philadelphia was definitely lacking in that cuisine but not any longer with SOUTH now being up and running!
Not only is the atmosphere perfect from the spanish moss hanging from the installation in the ceiling of the main dining area/bar but the pickling jars full of all kinds of different things (super curious what the chef's will be doing with pickled watermelon -- stay tuned! i'll let you know) just makes you feel as though you are sitting in grandma's kitchen on the family's plantation down in South Carolina. The drinks are fantastic, the food is to die for and the jazz music adds the perfect background noise to this unique setting in Philadelphia. 
Not only do they have great food, music and drinks but to top it all off, the servers, chefs and bartenders are all the nicest people! Having moved to the city from a rural area, it was a culture shock to have to come into daily contact with not so nice people. That doesn't exist in SOUTH. Our server David was so attentive and pleasant, I would totally go back and request to be in his section. We also sat at the chef's bar which was pretty amazing being that you could look directly into the kitchen (totally completing the feeling of being in your grandma's kitchen) and talk with the chefs. Santana was super friendly and answered all of our super obnxious questions about the restaurant, what was in the jars, and even about his personal life (oops -- we know we are nosey). Having not only great food and great drinks with great people, but having such a pleasant experience with those working at the restaurant made our stay all the better! Please make a reservation, because this place is, understandably so, extremely popular and see for yourself what I'm raving about! See you soon SOUTH
xoxo
HD
Honestly, I fought to keep this review at 2-stars, because my husband wanted me to rate it at 1-star, and that just isn't right to me. We had high hopes for South last night, and tried to stay positive, but we left very disappointed. 

We were greeted by a very friendly and kind hostess, and then brought to our table in the jazz room where the show was just beginning. Five minutes went by and no one came to take our drink order, another five minutes went by and still no greeting, no nothing. My husband had to get up and walk over to the manager (I guess) and ask for someone to take our order. A few minutes later we were greeted, put in our drinks and apps, and then enjoyed the show - the show really was phenomenal! 

Apps came out at a decent rate. The crab toast was a very small portion, in my opinion, but it did taste good. I ordered half dozen oysters, which were delicious. Our entrees came out slow, unfortunately, and by the time they came out, the show was over. My husband ordered the short ribs and I ordered the fried chicken. Both dishes were good, but nothing to write home about. My biggest gripe around this time though, was how the jazz room felt after the live music ended. You could barely hear the recorded jazz coming through the speakers, so it felt more like a cafeteria than anything. My husband ALWAYS wants dessert, but this time, we skipped. I did not want to be there any longer. I hardly ever write poor reviews, always try to give the benefit of the doubt, but last night was a true disappointment, and we will not return.
I've been here a few times. I'm always able to hear great music but.... This time we had the special, Beef short ribs, a marvelous gumbo and a lemon pie. 

All great but what made the whole experience was the service. Sakinah.. nah was amazing attentive polite and beautiful service. Oh she's beautiful as well. Ask for her if you want gr8 service
I want to say that first, the ambiance and vibe of South of cool. Great idea and concept. However, everything about the execution is inconsistent. Of the courses we had about 50% were underwhelming, tasted good but nothing remarkable. The other 50% was awesome and totally above and beyond. Additionally the staff was a combination of very young staff and then more seasoned staff. When we were sat down we sat for 5 minutes before being moved because the host sent us to the wrong place. I watched the kitchen staff argue and curse at each other while others worked the room perfectly. 

It's weird, I would go back as that corn bread and lamb shank was delicious, but not in a rush to do so. Seems like they have a little more work to do.
I would keep coming back here if I lived in Philly.  The staff is friendly and the food is great plus they have live music!  The dress is definitely dressy-ish.  (Most people did not dress casual here)

Valet parking is available out front for $18 (cash only)

We wanted more of the skillet cornbread...possibly the best I've had in a long time!  Sooo good.

The top dish of everyone at the table was the fried chicken with homemade hot sauce!  The chicken was so crispy and the hot sauce was both sweet and hot!

We liked the shrimp and grits as well as the short rib.  We are glad we decided to eat family style so we could try everything and you should as well.  My friends and I all agreed that if we came alone, we would definitely get the fried chicken as well as the cornbread!

Happy eating!  And wear your fat pants if you come here!
So I'm really torn in how to write this review. I'm conscious of my expectations, as I had been looking forward to my experience here all week. I think the food had great concepts, but execution was lacking. My meal consisted of the crawfish stuffed flounder, collards as a side, and the bourbon pecan pie - none of which left me wanting seconds. I did have a really good sidecar as a drink, and the live jazz was "off the chain!" The ambiance is wonderful, and I do think as the establishment matures, the food will get better. Customer service here is unmatched in my 9 months of being a Philly resident. There is true potential here, and I'm looming forward to seeing it blossom.
I came here a few weeks ago with a lot of anticipation after seeing stellar reviews on the food and knowing jazz performers regularly come here to showcase their work (I love jazz music!). I was also curious to see how the space transformed since Stephen Starr's Route 6 had left the location. 

I came in on one of the nights Alexis Cole (jazz vocalist) was performing. She and her group put on a great show. It was lovely to see them perform while sipping some coffee with dessert. The room adjacent to the main dining room was turned into a dining area with a stage. Although I had dinner at the bar before the show, it seems you can also dine in the room with the jazz performance space. 

For dinner, we started off with some blue crab toast and half a dozen oysters. The crab toast looked pretty, but I felt like it was missing texture and flavor. The oysters were fresh and delicious, pre-marinated with vinegar and some toppings I don't recall. For our main courses, we had the Berkshire Pork and Crispy Georgia Trout. I felt the trout dish was better-executed than the pork dish. The trout was crispy on the outside while nice and flakey on the inside, with a nice combination of flavors. The pork was good, but a bit on the dry side, while the decorative spoonbread (kind of like cornbread) was very dry and the collards were too salty. The desserts also came out a bit short of expectations. My slice of Bourbon Pecan Pie had a broken crust, and I did not taste a hint of bourbon. The banana bread pudding was a bit too sweet, but it was overall better than the pecan pie and went very well with coffee. 

The bar service we got was good. I liked the Sunday Afternoon Tea (cocktail) better than the Georgia Peach Julep. It was a bit confusing when I came in, because the hostess said she would put my name down on the waitlist for a table, but we ended up having our entire meal at the bar while wondering when we'd get called for our table. I'd suggest reserving a table for dinner or calling in. Overall, you can definitely have a unique dinner + jazz experience at South. It's not cheap, but I think it's worth it to try at least once.
We really enjoyed our dinner at South. We've been meaning to try it since opening, but having a toddler makes his difficult. 

We ventured out for my husbands birthday. We were promptly seated, drink orders were taken quickly, and food came out quickly as well. Husband ordered a peach mint julep, which he thoroughly enjoyed.

We loved everything we ate. We were served delicious biscuits to start. We ordered the rock shrimp, which was incredibly fresh and tasty. We then had the special gumbo, which was a healthy portion considering the price. We ordered a sirloin medium rare but it was served medium well. We are not the type to send back food, so we ate it, but this is why this rating is a 4 instead of a 5. We also ordered a side of Hushpuppies, which were great too!

The ambience is lovely as is the live music. We were very impressed and will definitely return!
We were here on Thursday night for some cool jazz music by Marcus Anderson. They have happy hours until 7pm. So we arrivwd early to enjoy the happy hours before the show.
Note,that the happy hours are available only at the bar outside and not at the table during the show. The cocktail drinks were $6 and were very strong. I had South Sazare and it was strong. Loved it. We ordered Kale Flatbread and Crawfish fitters from the happy hour. The food is good. You are allowed to carry your HH drink to your table. In fact, tgey brought out food to our table too. We ordered beer, devil eggs and corn bread at the table during the show. The portions are good. Devil eggs were phenomenal. Corn bread was perfect Southern style. 
I might just come here for food and happy hours. You can hear the music outside as well and the ambiance is really very romantic. Definitely recommend you try South if you are around....
What a great addition to the neighborhood! When a group of Yelp friends recommended scheduling a date to go, I was immediately in. Then when they were aiming for a month later, I decided I wasn't waiting for that and went the next day! My husband and I have been back several times for happy hour. $2 off their cocktails, $5 glass of wine and half off their crawfish fritters, mushroom flatbread and boudin croquettes. I love the fritters and croquettes, and more recently ordered their grits. OMG on the grits. Ree-diculous. Great cocktails food, and ambiance. I just love the atmosphere. Can't wait to visit for dinner and when they eventually offer brunch!
I visited the restaurant during the Center City Restaurant week and I was on a "Birthday Celebration/Girls Night Out".  I thought this would be a wonderful opportunity for me to sample many dishes and cocktails.  The decor of the restaurant is warm and comfortable and the staff are attentive and friendly.  I started at the bar and had a double IPA and it was AWESOME!!  The cocktail menu was a nice sampling, so I had the "Here's Johnny" and it was a nice fusion of ginger and brandy.  I took a peek in the "Jazz Parlor" and I will be back to experience the music.  

When we were seated, we reviewed the menu and all decided to get something different so we could sample each other's dishes.  Appetizers were:  the Shrimp on toast; and the duck gumbo - Wow...I would get all of these again.  The Entree - the dishes were:  The Grilled Chicken, my friends had the Mahi Mahi and the Pork Chop.  Well, I have to say, each dish was moist, cooked very well and full of flavor.  It was impressive, I must say!!  

Pros:  Nice Decor, Great Customer Service; Great Food
Cons:  I was happy to explore these meals during restaurant week, because the drinks/meals are pricey.

I think that SOUTH is providing a FULL DINING experience, so that cost at times is well worth it!!
This restaurant has the combination of a great Vibe and great food! i ordered the cornbread, and fish, which I usually do not eat however the fish was excellent! The service was great, (and no my son didn't wait on me).  This did bring back my favorite memories of their former sister restaurants, Zanzibar blue and Warmdaddy's.  I look forward to enjoying South again the next time I'm in Philly!
The food was delicious, the music was unbelievable, but the service sucked. I asked our server if there was a house red wine. Like a house wine, not on the menu necessarily, their table wine. She said yes, there were two, A Cabernet and a Pinot Noir. I told her I would have a "house Cabernet". After a few hours I had three glasses of house red wine, and my bill came. My three glasses of wine cost $15 apiece, for $45. I was shocked! This server was either trying to scam me, or she was an idiot. I'm not sure which is worse...
After having a wonderful experience at South for happy hour, my friends and I decided to check it out for Restaurant Week. Like I mentioned in my previous review, the decor in the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Whimsical, yet elegant. We were seated in a table in the corner, and while we weren't in the area with the live music, we could still hear it. 

To start, we ordered some cocktails; I got the strawberry julep, which I will say was a little strong for my taste, especially for a dinner on a Sunday night. Definitely not my favorite drink I've ordered from South. For my appetizer, I ordered the blue crab toast. Fresh crab salad, avocado, topped with a savory sour sauce. For my entree, I ordered the short rib pot roast, which was delicious! The pot roast was tender and melted in my mouth. The sides: collard greens and mashed sweet potatoes, complimented the roast well. My dessert was pineapple bread pudding. It was rich, but not too sweet, and the perfect way to end a great meal. 

I was impressed by my experience at South! The portion sizes were larger than I expected, and I went home happy and full! I would definitely recommend it for an intimate dinner!
I came to South during restaurant week to see Keiko Matsu and to celebrate a birthday. 

To enjoy the concert and have dinner you need to book tickets for the concert. You maybe able to hear the music from the main dinning room but to visually enjoy the music we had to buy tickets. The tickets do not include the cost of food. When we attended the menu was prefixed. 

The food was amazing. Our server recommended drinks which were yummy and was very helpful when it came to making our food selections. 

We had yummy deviled eggs and crab salad for apps and crispy fried chicken and shrimp and grits for our main course. The portion of shrimp and grits was small compared to the fried chicken but both had great flavor and there was more than enough to share. 

South is a great place to have a special date night or celebration dinner. The ambiance Is perfect. If you can Uber or walk. There is not much parking available. Valet parking is expensive and if you leave when the concert is over you may take a while to get your car.
Went yesterday and coincidentally it was their first day of opening again. They are practicing every rule of social distancing and both the main and outside dining area is open. What a beautiful ambience they have - absolutely loved the design and decor of the interior as well as the exterior space. Amazing food and impeccable service. 

They don't have a cocktail menu yet but will make almost anything that you ask for - I asked for a lemon drop martini and a spicy margarita and both were so delicious. The spicy margarita had a nice kick to it - which is exactly what I wanted. Our server was mindful enough to ask me if I want a sugar rim on the martini. 

The two of us had the Farm beets and Oysters for apps, Lamb Shank and Atlantic Salmon for entreè. Everything was so tasty and filling, by the end of it we hardly had any space left for dessert - really wanted to try the sweet potato cheesecake. 

South is such a beautiful romantic place and I highly recommend you try it.
YES. YUM. GO.

This is probably the best restaurant I've been to in a long time - fantastic food, great service, warm atmosphere, live music. What more could you want? (Maybe a name that is more distinctive when trying to conduct a google search, but hey...)

We started off with a round of cocktails at the bar. At the bartender's offering, we told him what flavors/alcohol we liked and he made us delicious, custom drinks. The hostess then offered to give us a mini-tour of the space, so we could see the live jazz area - while tables are available here for a small cost (more on Thursdays when the bigger acts come through), you can also sit in the main part of the restaurant so the music isn't overwhelmingly loud.

We then settled in for a round of appetizers: the Louisiana Crawfish Fritters and Crispy Rock Shrimp were fantastic (clearly fried shellfish has a special place in my heart) and the South House Salad was very fresh. We were equally delighted by the Carolina White Shrimp and lobster grits (3 big shrimp, very little lobster) and our Apple dessert.
I wanted to enjoy this place so much since I have been to Relish and Warm Daddy's and enjoyed both. I've been to SOUTH one other time for a small birthday celebration and enjoyed it but this time was disappointing. I was hosting a group happy hour and started trying to contact them a month in advance. I sent an email on the website. I called and left several messages with the morning host. I got the email address of the reservations manager (Ms. Sarnoor) and messaged her directly. I never got a response. On the day of I came early and spoke to the manager. She acknowledged that she had received my messages but stated she had been busy (for a whole month) and never got back to me. She said that after the tables seated in the lounge got up, we could have them and that we would be "well taken care of"  This never happened. A table got up and two women who came in after I did were seated. I spoke to the host who told me that Ms. Sarnoor had never talked to her about giving us the next lounge tables.the chicken slider zWhen we finally were seated the service was awful. We had a young lady with red hair who kept forgetting our food  orders and confusing our drink orders. My group requested that next time we go back to the last venue or to somewhere new because the service was honestly terrible. I would try the main dining room with a dinner reservation but will never again hold an event there.
(3.75) ~ Good Overall Food & Beverage.  Note: Street Parking -or- Valet

OUR FAVS:
** Creamy Onion Bisque = (4.25) Very good
** Anson Mills Grits = (4.25) Very good
** Cheddar Biscuits(free) = (4) very good, but too small;)lol

OTHER STUFF TRIED:
* Berkshire Pork = (3.75) Good
* Water(tap) = (3.5) good
* Coffee = (3.5) good
* Corn Bread(free) = (3.5) good
* Creamed Collards = (3.5) good
* Pecan Pie = (3.5) good
Do yourself a favor and don't go here. This restaurant has great potential - good location and ambiance.

But the service is HORRIBLE. Had a reservation for 9:30pm, arrived at 9:15pm and told there was a 15 minute wait. Makes sense right?

After 35-40 mins I checked back in and am informed that they need to clear out the back room and everyone will be seated shortly. There was a massive amount of people waiting.

Apparently, they were waiting for a jazz show and we were not. So after asking again we find out we were waiting an hour for no reason.

So annoyed, but hoping for the best. We ordered drinks and waited 20+mins while I watch our waitress chatting with someone else. 

Finally, I got the attention of the manager and he gave us the drinks quickly and free of charge.

Food came out pretty quickly and was pretty good, but our waitress did not return until we asked another waiter to send her over.

Overall, food was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the horrific service. There are a lot of other options in the city - so I suggest you go there.
Not happy at all leaving here. Service was the main reason but there were others. 

The host put us in the bar section when there were tables available. Then they were out of the Savignon Blanc I ordered. On a Tuesday! It took twenty minutes to figure this out. It also took thirty minutes from when we were seated to get my husband's iced tea but server brought sweetened by mistake so it took more time to get the correct unsweetened. 

Finally, the food was just meh. The pappardelle was way too hot when it came out but tasted fine. If I had just the fried green tomatoes, I probably would have been feeling better but it was served and I had no cutlery, which the runner went to get. Husband had steak but we had to ask for steak knife.

Just seemed like they were way off the whole night. And I'm mad I spent $100 for a meal I wasn't satisfied with, except the steak, but part of it was cooked too much.
Initially sat down for dinner and it was 30 mins before we got any attention. We wanted to see the show which is apparently in a different part of the restaurant. We were told to wait 15 mins to be seated there, but 45 minutes later they tell us tickets were actually sold out. Worst thing is, we didn't order any food yet because they said we should wait until we get to the jazz area. Got so fed up we decided to leave. Wasted an evening here and neither ate nor got to see a show.
Great happy hour options - be ready for some good drinks and some fried foods :-)

There are a bunch of food options on the happy hour menu - it was really easy to make a meal of it. We got the cheese and crackers (farmers cheese, pimento cheese, crackers, and so many pickled things). We also got the flatbread - and this is the only reason South isn't getting 5 stars: the toppings (kale and feta) were delicious, but the flatbread itself was dry and cardboard-like. The shrimp po-boy for $7 was a GREAT deal - big sandwich with lots of fries. The chicken sandwich slider was also delicious, perfect flavors & same with chips. Finally, the crawfish fritters were good, but not as great as the other good things.

Drinks-wise, the happy hour menu boasted 4-5 beers and wines, and then a handful of great cocktails. The Bourbon Punch was sour and sweet (but not overwhelming) and would be great for a hot day. The Sazerac was fresh and tasteful - would totally recommend.

Overall, great ambience & great happy hour deals! Can't wait to go back and listen to some live jazz
When I first visited South, I was confused by how far north it was located. south is named for the southern cuisine it specializes in. The decor itself is beautiful, with a lush interior. South offers one of the best Happy Hours (Tues-Fri 4-7) I've been to in a while! Amazing cocktails for $6; I'd highly recommend the House Herbal Collins. One cocktail fills up about one and a half glasses, so you get a lot of bang for your buck! The apps are delicious too: my favorites were the hush puppies and the flatbreads. Order some to split for the table! Seating can be a little difficult, but bar seating is an option if your party is smaller. Highly recommend, and I can't wait until I return for dinner!
I am always shocked at how Philly has too few eateries with live music, it's a damn shame. With our rich musical history (and ongoing one), we should have more places like South, where cuisine and music merge together beautifully and deliciously. (rant over)

I wanted to have a different night on the town, and SOUTH delivered that. We hustled over for a special night of jazz classics and the music and menu totally met our expectations.  It was just a bunch of little details that is holding me back from giving this place full praise. The restaurant itself is designed a little wonky.  Obviously SOUTH is beholden to what Route 6 former space was working with, so that might be the limitation? Either way, the bar and lounge area is awkwardly designed and the flow of people and service is a little congested. Wish the bar was bigger and had more seating. If you attend a show in the jazz parlor, you have to wait in this very space, so depending on how large the crowd is, the wait game isn't fun if you have to fight for space and to be able to order a drink.

Also the system by which you are seated in the jazz parlor, is first come and first served. Assigned a number and then waiting for your seating block and having the hostess call out your number (and hearing her if you're lucky) - The jazz parlor is also not designed well, congested, small, and the sight lines are pretty restricted unless you're sitting at one of the cafe tables in the middle (and even then depending on the crowd). Also if you're more than two people dining at said cafe tables, the table gets small and fast as far as plate and glass space.

That being said, service was friendly and attentive while not drawing attention away from the show. The food was extremely good, extremely rich and devoured in its entirety. Plates wiped clean. Menu is well thought out, courses are parsed out well (even in the parlor!) and wines aren't overpriced (what a shock!)  Shrimp deviled eggs and chicken fried oysters are exactly what the doctor ordered. And for your main, go with fish - it's cooked on point, every side and accompanying item well placed and intended. This is soul food with a capital S, but elevated, which I love.

As for the music, well that is the very big cherry on the ever lovely sundae. Amazing jazz and good food, it's perfection.  If it's tunes and expertly prepared soul food you seek, SOUTH is the place.
South is probably one of the most memorable places I've been to around Philly. The interior is cozy and intimate but not too small, with such a fun atmosphere. There are three different sections: the dining room (like a normal restaurant space), the bar, and the smaller jazz parlor which has full diner service. Also, you can order from all of their menus in any of the areas.

I came here for a date night and reserved two seats in the jazz parlor for the 9:30-10:30 set of their Friday show: Tiffany Young and her band. The 9:30-10:30 set was awesome; the music was fun and lively, ranging from  feelgood gospel-influenced to r&b to soulful ballads. Tiffany Young had an incredible range and clarity to her voice.

We got a bowl of gumbo and fried green tomatoes, both of which were pretty good. The portion of gumbo was filling and full of seafood flavor. The  green tomato slices were thick with a super crunchy coating, and topped with a yummy tartar shrimp mixture. While we came for the music, I'd definitely come back to try more of their southern comfort food.

The combination of atmosphere, music, and food is wonderfully unique experience. Definitely check this place out, whether you're looking to try jazz or some hearty comfort food.
Was finally able to check out South for restaurant week, and overall had a decent experience. 

Atmosphere- this place is gorgeous. Seriously, you'd never guess how pretty it is inside by looking at it from the outside. There's a restaurant area and a jazz bar which is nice. We were invited to sit in the jazz bar even though we had reserved regular dining - this was at no charge. Typically, I believe there is a fee for sitting in the jazz parlor. 

Service- stellar. Our waitress was bubbly, attentive, and friendly. 

Drinks- I had the strawberry lemonade with cucumber vodka. It was tasty, and ran me $10. 

Food- I started with the Cajun deviled eggs - they were definitely tasty, and came with house made chips - didn't really get the pairing. For my main, I had the short rib. The meat itself was tender, but the sauce lacked flavor, and the sides were extremely salty and otherwise bland. Lastly , the desserts were a let down. All of them were reminiscent of baked goods you'd buy at the grocery store.
My boyfriend insisted we try this place even though it's a little high brow for me, and it was overall a good experience. We split some hush puppies and fried oysters for the starter, but they were kind of a bust (dry and moderately okay, respectively). My main was the shrimp pappardelle, while he got the lamb shank. Mine was pretty good, though it could have used another 5 or so shrimp. We got a very rich pecan pie for dessert with ice cream on top, and since I don't love pecans and things that are too sweet, I mostly just went for the ice cream.

I don't know, this place didn't exactly "wow" either of us, but it wasn't an awful experience, so this review is more of a 3.5. Maybe we'll try it again?
Some friends and I ate at South last night. The atmosphere sort of reminds you have NOLA. I am giving 4 stars because the staff was very accompanying and helping our table. Shoot out the manager for the recommendations for drinks and food dishes. 
A couple of the drinks had to be sent back because they were made incorrectly but was soon corrected. Made a recommendation to the manager regarding the flounder and it was prepared because it tasted like an upgraded fish stick dish. It was suppose to be pan seared but came to the table as fried and breaded. The flounder was switched out for catfish. The catfish was cooked perfectly and hot! 

They also have live jazz bands playing but you have to pay extra for dinner and jazz. But where we were seated we could hear the band very well. 
Honorable mentions make sure you try the sweet tea mojito, catfish and banana pudding!!

Overall I will come back to South when I am in town again!
Just ate here last night, and I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. Now, full disclosure, this place IS a jazz bar, but this review is only about the food and drink situation, as 1) we didn't stick around for the music and 2) I hate jazz. Onward!

So, we were seeing a show at The Met at 7, so we booked a 5:15 reservation. Upon entering around 5, we were told that they were getting everything ready, and to have a seat in the little bar/waiting area. Then, the hostess asked if we were watching a show at the Met, to which we said yes, and she told us that South has a specific "Pre-show" prix fixe menu designed to get you in and out in 90 minutes. What a great idea! I WILL say though, it seemed that the dishes on the pre-show menu were just arbitrarily thrown on there. For example, I really wanted to get some SOUTHERN food, and catfish and gumbo are two inherently southern dishes, both on Souths REGULAR menu. But, neither was on the pre-show menu, which is weird because, gumbo should already be in huge pre-made vats and only needs heating up, and catfish is fish that should cook relatively quickly. After all, salmon was on the pre-show menu. And their salmon filet was CRAZY thick! They did offer shrimp and grits on the pre-show menu, but I would've liked to see a few more options, especially when there didn't seem to be a real reason why they were omitted.

I opted for the fried chicken, so I was still in the "southern food" wheelhouse. I asked our server what came with it, to which he replied, "I think its a breast, wing and leg." That's already too much food, but no, that shit came with FOUR pieces of chicken! You get each a breast, wing, thigh and leg. WHO EATS THAT MUCH CHICKEN?! It also came with some delicious mashed potatoes, broccolini, and a hot honey sauce for the chicken. Oh, I'm getting ahead of myself: appetizers were the cajun shrimp deviled eggs (I LOVE deviled eggs!) and the blue crab toast; both DELICIOUS! (Again though, I was very disappointed because I absolutely wanted the cornbread, but it wasn't offered on the pre-show menu!) For entree, the misses got the salmon, which was also tasty, and we finished with the beignets with some bourbon anglais that was so good, I started just eating that directly after the beignets were gone!

South put on pretty much as good of a first impression as you can. Everyone, from the super sweet hostess, to our server, to the two separate managers who checked on us, were very friendly and pleasant. The clientele were diverse and happy. The building itself is clean and inviting, and there is plenty to see. It's actually quite spacious inside, which is weird because I'm getting ready to talk about the very few, and slight knocks; one of which being the space. The tables ARE a bit close together. We were elbow to elbow with the couples on either side of us. You can hear every word of everyone else's conversation, and the servers even had to like reach around and maneuver oddly to pour water and drop plates, as to not get in the way of the next table over. Another knock was the bar service. Again, everyone was nice, but the bartender last night was SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW. I ordered a Nola Punch (WEAK. Like fruit punch. It's supposed to have cayenne in it, I didn't taste it AT ALL.) and a Reisling as soon as we came in, while waiting for our table. The bar was not crowded, and there were TWO bartenders (although the other one seemed to be somehow in LESS of a hurry than mine, as she just slowly put glasses away while the one waiting on me sauntered around collecting everyones drink orders at once.) As I ordered, the misses decided to go to the bathroom. She made it to the bathroom, came back, sat down, and was waiting, while I was still standing at the bar, waiting on my two drinks. Super slow. I ordered another drink during dinner, and THAT one took forever to arrive as well. (Jameson and ginger. MUCH better. This one actually had a decent pour in it.)

Other than those missteps, South was a homerun. It's not in the best neighborhood, but it looks like Philly is trying to take steps to glam up that part of Broad St. It was good food at a good price; (2 course meal for me $27, 3 course for the misses $32, and 3 drinks. Total bill was like $75). It's walking distance to the Met, so if you're catching a show, or hell, even if you're not, I recommend South.
This place is a vibe! All the wait staff and mangers are super polite. Our server Morgan was the best! She was patience (since it was my first time visiting) and made awesome recommendations. She was super attentive and sweet! Now to the food,you must try the cornbread and the Mac n cheese! So good , along with the deviled eggs! I got the crabs cakes for my entree (lump meat very filling) and the blackberry sangria was BOMB. The live jazz was just the icing on the cake! Do yourself a favor and make a reservation! You won't regret it!
South, to me, might be one of the most underrated restaurants in the city!
They have live jazz for you to dance/listen to throughout your night. 

Really homey decor!

Southern cooking is pretty much their menu - makes it hard for vegetarians! Nonetheless, what they do have, tastes phenomenal.
This place had very unique and appealing decor. We went on a Saturday night with no reservations. We sat at the bar and I decided on a nonalcoholic drink called the summer cucumber limerita. It sounded interesting and tasted like nothing I've ever had before. It surprisingly had a spicy kick to it but was also sweet. Odd as it was, I liked it! After about 15 minutes at the bar, we were seated in the Jazz section per our request (a sectioned off part of the restaurant). The live band and singer were great. 
Our appetizer? Not so much. The cornbread was such a let down. The texture was too mealy and the flavor was off. It tasted bitter. The honey cream cheese butter served with it barely saved it. My shrimp and grits were very good though. I tried a bit of my fiancé's grilled chicken. It was tender and the seasoning was excellent. 
I thought we should stick around for dessert so I ordered a slice of pecan pie. I wasn't impressed. And the buttermilk ice cream that came on top? Gross. 
I didn't realize until we were seated that to see the live performance, an extra $10 is added to bill per person. It makes total sense though and the experience was worth it.
Absolutely wonderful experience dining here. I had found this spot by looking through Yelp for somewhere to go during a weekend trip to Philly. I wasn't sure how busy it would be on a Saturday night so we made a reservation ahead of time for the dining section. They do also have a live jazz show in a separate section for an additional cost. 

We were greeted and sat immediately upon entering. The restaurant is very dim in terms of lighting, which is nice for a romantic vibe and definitely aligns with the jazz club environment. You are able to hear the jazz show from next door for the most part, but I'd want to come back and see the show in the other room. 

Our waiter Guy came over right away to bring us water and chat with us. We ordered our cocktails and they came out pretty quickly. We then placed our orders for our entrees which also came fairly fast as well. 

I ordered the Scallop Etoufee which came with Carolina rice and collard greens. The etoufee had crawfish and was the perfect amount of spice and the collard greens were super tender and delicious. My boyfriend had the braised short ribs which he said were amazing as well. 

We were so full we had to order the banana pudding to go, but it was amazing just the same! What I loved about South was that we felt very attended to. One of the managers, Michael, made sure to come over and check in on us and Guy was really attentive as a waiter. Definitely recommend for a nice dinner.
Been here a few times and my experience keeps getting better and better.  

The first time I went there was during the week for their happy hour.  They have such a great happy hour with so many cheap dishes and great drinks.  Only concern is you have to sit in their first-come first-serve lounge to get the happy hour discounts.  This wasn't hard.  

Another time, we sat in the jazz section and it was definitely worth the $5 extra per person.  The music was great and again loved the food.

Last time we took food to go and the food was just as good as it was when we sat down and ate.

My food recommendations: Fried chicken is a MUST - best thing on the menu.  Another great entree is the short rib - just falls right apart and melts in your mouth.  Their corn bread, fried green tomatoes and mac & cheese are also great side dishes/starters.
Live jazz and bomb food?! What more can you ask for?! I love the jazz dinner area of this restaurant (separate from the main dining area). Tables are spaced out enough so the diners don't feel jam packed together and it's got such a an ambiance perfect for any occasion (date night, night out with the girls, catching up with friends, birthdays, etc). 

Our reservation was at 8:30 and the music started I believe around 9/9:30. 

The food: We shared three appetizers: the cornbread, the Mac and cheese, and one of the specials of the night, hush puppies. The corn bread was one of the best I've had in a long time. It was exactly how cornbread should be, sweet, moist, a little crumbly, and an outer crunch. The Mac and cheese was also amazing with a crispy top. Hushpuppies were fried to perfection yet not greasy. And for my entree I had shrimp and grits which were pretty yummy!! The grits had texture to them and weren't just a pile of mush. Portion looks small when delivered to the table but it was actually filling and they give a good amount of shrimp. 

The music: the jazz band was amazing! They played a lot of songs my husband and I frequently listen to at home so it was really fun to listen to live and to hear another artist's rendition of it. I love how they explained the history behind the songs too. The music is also the perfect volume. Just loud enough to really make you FEEL it but not ok loud where you can't hear the person next to you. 

The service: was amazing! Our waitress checked in with us multiple times, explained items on the menu, etc.
This place is pretty good! It's a restaurant/jazz bar type fusion with different soul food options. I believe they recently re-opened for indoor dining, and they seemed to be in compliance with social distancing and mask rules. The food options were pretty good - a little pricey for what they were, and the portions weren't huge, but good nonetheless. The desserts were AMAZING! We liked them more than we liked the entrees. We ordered a few and shared, and I'd probably come back here just for that. Good overall!
In the mood for good food and live music?? Definitely need to check out South! I came here on a weekend and I highly recommend making a reservation prior to walking in especially if you want to be in the "live music" side.

I thoroughly enjoyed myself as the staff was extremely helpful and food was tasty. What I will say is that the cornbread is absolutely incredible! Moist, fluffy and full of flavor. I would be truly interested in coming back to not only support a black business but also try some other tasty options at South!
South is an experience to remember; however I did have to be honest and only give three stars. I wish I can give 3.5 but it looks like I can't. Let's start with the arrival which is a big chunk as to why they only have three stars...
I made reservations via the OpenTable app for 7:30 PM however we arrived and had to wait about 10 minutes until the hostess acknowledged us. It looked like there was another party or two waiting on their table so we already knew that we were probably going to have to wait as well. When she finally acknowledged us, she asked us if we had reservations and I said yes. She checked the list of reservations and told us to wait about five minutes as our table is not ready yet. OK. No big deal. We waited about 10 minutes and then another hostess came to the front and told us that we had to wait another five minutes because our table is still not ready yet. We looked around and the restaurant was pretty crowded but we did see about two tables that were empty where we could have sat at so I asked the hostess what was the point of making a reservation if we were not going to be seated on time. The hostess stated it was because it was the fact that people will stay for longer than they were supposed to and they have to also ensure that the tables are clean before they seat us. I said OK bet. Finally we were seated and we were almost immediately greeted by a waiter. 
We sat at the countertop which was way better than sitting at a table because the tables are extremely small. I recommend if possible, if you are sitting with one other person to get a countertop because the tables will not be able to hold no more than two plates. 
As you can see in the pictures, the food was very presentable and they definitely feed you in abundance. I'll be honest, if you are not a big eater, try to be mindful of what you order. We had the buttermilk fried chicken and the catfish which wad very very VERYYY delicious but an awful lot I must say. The corn bread was mouthwatering and the mac & cheese was exquisite. The deviled eggs had me and my boyfriend speechless. The chips was a bit spicy but not overwhelming to the point where you have to spit it out; definitely a must try. Also, the yams and collard greens was out of this world I was not expecting the sides to taste as good as they did. A lot of southern restaurants have a hard time impressing me when it comes to their sides and I will say that South restaurant definitely mastered it!
Overall, the food was extremely good that's the only reason why I gave them three stars but they need to do better with greeting people when they come to the door. I guess we came out at a busy time even though it was a Thursday. I can only imagine their service on the weekends but we will never know. I do still recommend this place but I must say that making reservations will not guarantee that you will be seated on time.
I've never had a restaurant experience close to what I had at South. As soon as we walked in the door, we felt like family. Everyone was so friendly, from the host, our server, and the managers, who stopped to talk to us and make sure everything was going well. The inside is so beautiful and so unique, such a vibey and cozy place through and through. Our favorite part of the meal was the cornbread skillet- the crust on top was great. For entrees, we ordered the fried chicken (the cheesy collards side was amazing) and the braised short rib. Both delicious! Don't forget to save room for dessert because the brownie was a great end to the night. The only thing we didn't care for as much were the shrimp and grits since the shrimp were overcooked, but that didn't take away from the overall experience. Can't wait to come back!
Where are more stars for this hip dope restaurant.  Here I am going to give some more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I came to Philly by way of the DMV area for an event for my grands.  You know cultural exposure.  That's what the hubby and I do!  Well, hunty I phoned a Hamptonian friend of mine Leslie Russell Winder and put out on fb in search of a good restaurant and the responses back overwhelmingly were let me see 1. South 2. Relish. 3.Warm Daddy's unbeknownst to us.  All belong to these two brothers.  One this day was the Chef.  The other humble gentleman that moved mountains to allow us to stay in a very packed without a reservation was a no.  Hello! But God and favor ain't fair was a Yes for our 4.  Marquis keep being amazing.  Thank you so much for your servant heart. And Da Bruh's my hubby done looked up the other two and planning a reservation filled grown and sexy night for two! Hello....shut and clap.
We had a really nice Sunday brunch here. The food....brunch fare. We ordered bread board, chicken and waffles, smothered catfish over red grits, steak and eggs and chief brunch burger. Everything was good although the catfish batter was a bit too mealy. What made it really nice, though, was the vibe of the place. Laid back, jazz playing, uniquely decorated space, clientele just having a nice, relaxing Sunday meal. The mimosas were great.
This jazz club and restaurant is in the heart of Philly. Atmosphere is business casual with an urban industrial yet cool flare. Wait staff were friendly. Music was very nice- Zenia McPherson jazz vocalist was amazing. They offer Southern cuisine with an upscale twist. We had the trout, seafood  stuffed flounder and wreck fish was simply delish!  Light, very flavorful and thoughtfully put together with tasty sides of collards, beet ragout, okra...  I left satisfied but not stuffed or heavy. I would come back in a heartbeat!  $10 for the cover of you eat in the jazz lounge which we did and got a perfect seat.
I love the ambiance and the music. The service is great as well, the food however is highly lacking. After finding out that they own relish and warmdaddys I was especially disappointed. Nothing I had makes me want to return for the food, only the music and drinks. I started with a salmon cake appetizer (only tasted fried breading). For my main meal I had stuffed flounder (no flavor), and for dessert I had bourbon pecan pie (not tasty at all). I was even disappointed at the cornbread, the food could be way better. The service is great so it helps, but the food is sub par.
This is a really cool restaurant, very unique to Philadelphia. The happy hour deals are really good, and ambience in the restaurant is nice. They have jazz concerts fairly regularly, but I believe they have a cost. The service was a bit slow the night that we came, but the food was incredible. It's hard to find good southern food up north. I recommend coming here.
We went to South during Sunday (the first day of Restaurant Week) during Philly Restaurant Week. The service was abysmal and disorganized. 

We had a reservation. After being seated, it was 15 minutes before anyone came by to give us menus or inquire about drinks. We then put in a drink order and that was another unfathomable 20 minutes.  Our server was not at fault. She kept going back to the bar for simple drinks (glasses of wine) that were not done by the one bartender on duty while the other bartender tended to 5 patrons at the bar and polished glasses seemingly unaware that the other member of the bar was overwhelmed and/or can't work at a normal pace for a busy Sunday during Restaurant Week. 

We had no napkins or silverware when the corn bread came out. It was dumped (and I do mean dumped) on the table by someone from the kitchen.  It got cold as we waited to silverware and our drinks, and no server in sight  to flag down to get it. When we finally found our server it took another 10 minutes for her to get this to us along with our drinks which were finally done.  

Waiting for second drinks was no better than the first. Dessert never arrived and was only noticed by our server when she came to ask if we were ready for the check we had to ask for our dessert to be boxed to go. It took over 20 minuted for this request to happen. This is all on a LIMITED RESTAURANT WEEK MENU. It's not like the kitchen had ANY OTHER dessert offering that week. 

This experience started at 6:45 on a Sunday.  I pity the people who go there Friday and Saturday of Restaurant Week. We live 3 blocks away. We really wanted to love this experience. We didn't.  We almost always rate a restaurant 4-5 stars. The ONLY redeeming factor here was the food was good, but not excellent.
I had an exceptional time at South. I arrived 15 minutes early for a Tuesday 7pm reservation. 
Tips:
1. Street parking is limited around that area.
2. The entrance is located on Mt. Vernon st. next to Alla Spina.

I find that live music is very limited in Philadelphia. There are only a handful of live jazz joints and South has now been added to my list. The food and drinks were delicious. Plus, there was complimentary AMAZING Gouda bread. Classy, Calm, soothing ambiance. The best part... an audible conversation is still possible even with LIVE jazz.
This place is cozy, intimate, warm, and welcoming. Definitely a gem in this neighborhood. The service was amazing, the food was fresh and flavorful, and the variety was excellent ! 

Started with the pimento cheese and pickled board. I expected this to be a little strange but it was pleasantly surprising. The cheese was accompanied by this delicious bread-cracker thing (also awesome). The octopus was grilled to perfection. That cornbread was everything! 

Because I had over indulged early on I opted for the Dungeness crab and turkey andouille sausage gumbo the cheese grits, and the smoked turkey turnip greens. My two favorites -- the gumbo and the grits. Other interesting fact is that they don't have any pork products, they display and use all their pickled veggies, and everyone is all hands on deck when it comes to service. You didn't wait for anything!

They left no details unturned. Example, the bathroom was rustic and southern and the patio is ready for spring with the smells of floral goodness. 

Can't wait to get back!
Sooo. Where do I begin! I came to South for the first time ever to enjoy my birthday. I found it on Yelp the day before and saw that it was also restaurant week so I reserved a table in the main dining hall. Coming in, greeted warmly & wished a happy birthday. Was sat in "Guys" section and he gave us a full background//history of South and other places they own. He made sure I was fully aware of the menu for restaurant week as the original menu was not offered. Guy was very enthusiastic and informative. Food: (appetizer)skillet cornbread, (course 1)blue crab toast, (course 2)braised beef short rib, (Dessert) seasonal trio. Skillet cornbread was amazing and moist and the butter was light and tasty. It was more than enough for two & I took a piece of it home. The blue crab toast was my favorite part of it all. I am a blue crab fanatic so I was nervous for the quality. It was legit and they mixed it nicely. It was seasoned well and rolled into a little ball that almost resembled tuna and on a small toasted bread. They're small and you can pop tHe whole thing in your mouth. I wish I was able to buy them separately to take home. My second course: the bbq braised beef short rib was also amazing. I don't really eat rib and red meats, but I liked the sides and thought it would be fine. The Brussels and butternut  squash soup were good and Just regular but the short rib?! Omg it was so tender. I did not need a knife to rip it apart or anything. It just was moist and tender. Nothing dry about it at All. I wound up taking half of it home. The cocktail I tried was a featured cocktail and I forgot the name. But honestly I didn't care for it much bc the food was just mind blowing. Also, the way that the food was plated also enhanced the love I felt. Aesthetics matter to me. The look of the dining hall overall was  as beautiful and intimate. The perfectly placed preserved foods in jars added a nice touch. The semi open kitchen that was so quiet if you ask me. It didn't even bother me that we were close to it. The check closing process was quick and easy. They have handheld and take your card right at the table. Lovely. Desserts: all three were lit. Idk what the fruit one was. The brownie was crispy on top and moist in middle. The little tart pastry was amazing. 

Grows: the grilled Caesar salad that my friend had came out in the whole bulk. They didn't cut it  or anything but I'm sure that was part of their way of plating. My friend didn't like having to use a steak knife to cut up his salad Just to eat it. You'll see in the pic. Also, the seating was super close. Not much movement can be had at the same time. I could literally move  3 inches and touch the people next to me. But  when you have good company then it wouldn't be an issue. 
Overall: AMAZING
Resturants like these often need reservations to even get in. Lucky for us, we came right after a day shopping at King of prussia and the waitress seated us immediately. There was a 10$ per person seating fee for the live jazz that starts around 8pm (dont be late!), but thats a fee we were more than willing to pay =). Ambiance is between casual and dressy. See my pics!

Me already thinking "this date night is gonna be a wild success!!"

The complimentary cheezy biscuits were soft and delicious. 4/5 right from the getgo. They do give you a whole lot of butter, but hey southern food, right?

Omg the cornbread however, is easily 5/5. Melts in your mouth goodness.

The short ribs is excellent, but portion size is rather small. The sweet potato mash was my favorite part of that dish. The collard greens were a bit salty since it was probably cooked with the short ribs, but otherwise ok. 4/5

The creole sea bass tasted very good, but if you are hungry, this 20$ will not fill you up even with the carrots, turnips, and bed of mashed potatos is comes with. A bit dry, but the sea bass was otherwise ok. I think you can easily get sea bass elsewhere. 4/5.

The live jazz is great, but too loud for conversation. Therefore probably not a great first date place. Just looking out for ya.

We are definitely coming back tho and trying other dishes like the fried chicken and lobster grits.

Oh btw... chocolate pecan pie with ice cream was delicious 5/5!!!! Filling was filled with pecans. A bit hard to cut with my spoon. Crust was so flakey and buttery!!!

Overall a solid 4 stars.
Ok so let me start by saying I'm an actual fan of South and their decadent menu. But this past week I made reservations for my graduation dinner with my family. I was excited for them to try one of my local spots within walking distance from home. We arrived and were seated 15 minutes late. I was understanding seeing as though they had a decent crowd and were accommodating a few large parties. They comped us a few bottles of still water and I let it go. Our waiter was great, service was impeccable, as usual. The real problem here was with the food.  I'm not sure who responsible for seasoning the food that night but every single plate (out of a party of 7) was SALTY and overseasonsed. As much as I'd like to blame it on the hypersensitive palates of my hypertensive family members, I can't. We had a variety of dishes and sides and I honestly can't believe how poorly the food was cooked. It was almost embarrassing to sit through my own graduation dinner after I had raved over this place to my family. How awkward.

Disclaimer:   I'm a HUGE fan of South, but this was definitely not one of their best nights and sad to say I'm not sure I'll be coming back for a while. 

Specifics:

I ordered salmon, the center was undercooked. Couldn't eat it.

My brother ordered gumbo - SALTY and the rice was crunchy (undercooked) 

The greens which about 4 people ordered were inedible because of the salt. No exaggeration.

The fried chicken was just ok- nothing special. 

Shrimp&Grits - also salty. Blamed it on the cheeses and asked to order without and apparently that wasn't an option. 

Truly disappointed because I really enjoyed this place for brunch over the past year on various occasions. But for dinner? never again.

Will say though: management was attentive.
Absolutely delicous soul food! Booked reservations for Halloween night through OpenTable. Dining reservations can be booked in their bar area, dining area, or outdoor palor. We dined in their dining area where we experienced good food and service. The ambience was very romantic and sultry ( I highly recommend  coming here for a date night)  We ordered the cornbread, macaroni & cheese, fried chicken entree, and crab cakes entree. EVERYTHING WAS FANTASTIC!

The staff  wore masks and face shields. Social distancing was enforced with their seating and capacity limits.  Hand wipes and sanitizer was provided at the end of our meal.
Hey y'all! My names Jay Naomi. I'm a food blogger from Philly. Check out my YouTube (Jay Naomi)  for in depth descriptions and reviews.
1. Brussel Sprouts 4.5/5 -- spicy aioli was a bit overpowering, the turkey bacon accentuated the flavor and tied everything together
2. Honey Butter Corn Bread 5/5 -- has a few pieces of corn in it, very sweet yet not overpowering, cream cheese butter was decadent
3. Lamb Burger 2.5/5 -- lacked flavor, perfectly cooked, surprisingly paired with marinara when mint is the typical pairing but didn't pay off
4. Atlantic Salmon with a crawfish étouffée 5/5 -- perfectly cooked, well seasoned, paired perfectly together
5. Strawberry Hibiscus Lemonade 10/5 -- Absolutely addicting, should be selling this in the stores
