What's not to like? Great brews on tap, a wide variety of food, weekend brunch, al fresco seating, vegan and GF options and a cool laid back, welcoming neighborhood vibe. 

We split a few plates included vegan wings, which essentially come a bit deconstructed in the sense that the tangy hot sauce is in ranch form and placed on the side for dipping rather than smothered in them. The wings are big chunks of breaded seitan. Bigger than ones you would expect. I'm admittedly somewhat of a vegan wings, and these honestly weren't my favorite, but the sauce was very delicious! My daughter however loved them so I'll be sure to give them another try with her. 

We also split fish and chips which were outrageous and rivaled those we've had in Iceland, where they're notoriously excellent. These were HUGE chunks with perfectly fried exterior served appropriately with tarter. The "chips" were actually purple fingerlings with vinegar. Different and tasty, and while I enjoyed the mix up, I think hubs missed actual traditional fries. 

Mac and cheese was fair. It's homemade with creamy shells. They come topped with fried onions and scallions which we loved and there's an option to add toppings. We added summer veggies, which were delish!

Orecchiette pasta with eggplant ragu was wonderful! Meaty and savory with chunks of zucchini too. Yum!! A winner

We also split a refreshing pomegranate and pear sour on draft although the cocktails, some named after South Philly spots were intriguing. The beer list was solid and we found ourselves wanting to come back just to keep up with what's rotating. 

The desserts sounded tempting as did the vegan BLT Sammy and their brunch menu, so a return visit is definitely in the cards. 

I love and appreciate their variety of offerings and the seasonal additions. It's a chill seat yourself type place so don't feel strange if you walk in and don't get addressed immediately. It's the kind of place that make me love South Philly, especially West Passyunk....it just has that cool vibe. 

Parking isn't the easier, so bring your patience and your parallel parking skills.
I returned to SPTR after a long hiatus for Memorial Day brunch. Or lunch. We saw a tweet by the restaurant linking to the brunch menu, but when we arrived it was the regular menu plus a small handful of brunch specials. I was disappointed because I had been looking forward to the brunch burger, but I ended up going with the regular menu burger instead, with salad instead of fries. 

The burger was okay; not super juicy and probably a bit more on the med-well side than medium. I had a couple bites of the fried clams which were awesome and the perfect summer menu item. Service was solid. 

Going back to four stars for SPTR but it's still a reliable neighborhood spot.
After a fab dinner at Circles, our nice waiter guided us to SPTR for a nightcap 

There was a great beer selection & we got to try some things we normally wouldn't have chosen - fun to experiment! Awesomely nice waitstaff! 

German birthday buddy tried his first IPA.....a SF IPA.....he wasn't a fan. I'm not an IPA fan either & warned him but I thought it was awesome he at least was adventurous enough to give it a try 

I tried their Apple Cider & it was okay - tasted kinda vinegary at first but left a somewhat sweet aftertaste. Don't think I'd get it again 

Next tried a Royal Porter - kinda too hoppy for my taste - I like a smoother finishing beer 

So although we didn't find our fermented nirvana we had a great time perusing the menu & taking a stab in the dark & that makes for an A-OK joint to me 

Joy Division playing inside - I knew this place was way cool! Their menu looked extremely Pub-like & promising w/ lots of veggie options & I expect a star upgrade after we get to enjoy their foodie wares!
Boar burger with blue cheese
Wheat beer with apricot

Gimme another please
Throw in a Tully shot

This is a real bar
Mifflin isn't so far

I'd love a refill
but service is not ill

Please get a clue staff
you're kicking your own ass.
I'm not sure why it didn't cross my mind sooner to hit SPTR for brunch, but now that I've experienced its greatness, my trips across Broad to some of my usual spots will become less frequent.

The bloody Mary was everything I hoped for and more. While Royal Tavern still holds it down as my favorite, South Philly Tap Room's version came sodamnclose. Spicy, salty, celery-tinted deliciousness with a kick.

Next up was an app to share: southern fried chicken wings with blue cheese dipping sauce and collard greens. As I've said before, this is some of the best fried chicken to be had in this city. We were also surprised by a round of oysters from the chef, which were super refreshing and tasty.

Deciding on mains proved quite difficult, but I eventually went with Jorjito's enfrijoladas, a lovely plate filled with an egg-topped tortilla, black beans, queso fresco and a slivered red onion salad. Delicious. A dining companion ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelet, which was huge and topped with shreds of iceberg and diced tomato and accompanied by a side salad, breakfast potatoes and toast. Ridiculous. I'll be ordering this to reward myself after a long run or a stint on American Gladiators. That is one manly meal right there. 

SPTR just skyrocketed to the top of my brunch picks.
I had a nice little run with my silly rhyming review below, but it was accurate about two chefs ago (the one before the lion scandal chef) and now the time has come for updating. 

The first time I went into the South Philly Tap Room it was with my mom, an ER nurse at St. Agnes at the time.  Her boozy nurse, cop and fire-fighter comrades would gather at the new SPTR to celebrate the end of another shift saving lives.  We ate crab and artichoke dip, among other, not-at-all-memorable items, and I favorably reviewed the meal and upstart beer selection for my Temple News column. 

In the intervening years, SPTR has gone from a beer oasis to one of the most consistently tasty and different gastropubs in town.  The fried chicken that is being served right this minute --an orgy of wing, thigh, breast and drummie-- is one of the best I've had north of the Mason-Dixon. 

"Mexican construction worker" headcheese tacos for $1 was our go-to cheap appetizer of summer 2009.  Aggressively gilded with jalapenos and superhot salsas, the tiny, rich tacos were weird, provocative and quite simply delicious.  Even the fries, which are more like a British chip-style, are extraordinarily enjoyable. 

The beer selection is still outstanding, and the service, while not perfecto, has certainly improved.  Many of the staff are extremely competent in addition to being friendly and unpretentious. 

I'd recommend SPTR to anyone looking for a memorable, upmarket pub dinner.  Ask the servers and bartenders for beer recommendations -- they know their stuff more often than not.
This review is painful to write, because this is my favorite bar in the city for pub food.  We were so excited to go for the 10th Anniversary celebration, but it turned out to be a total nightmare.  

I knew it would be crowded, so a 30 minute wait wasn't a big deal, but what was a big deal was my bill when I saw we were being charged $6 a can for Yunkin' Punkin'!  That's crazy no matter what the occasion.  

We get to our seats and the waitress tells us there's a limited menu, because they're trying to get rid of all the leftovers before the new menu....really, that's the intro?  To top it off, she finishes with, "the cooks are really busy tonight so there's no substitutions on any item."  I ask for waters, but unfortunately they didn't show up until dessert.  

We ordered burgers from the special burger list....cooked rare.  Since I've been here about thirty times, I wasn't surprised to be asked, "do you want pasta salad, fries, or a side salad?"  We asked for fries.  I knew we were in trouble when the fries showed up on separate plates from the burgers.  I asked why and was stunned to hear, "We're not serving any sides with the burgers tonight.  Everything is a la carte."  So a burger and fries costs $16 at SPTR now?  Then to really throw me over the top, I cut the burger open and it's medium-well.  Both burgers went back, and she offered a comped dessert, but when it comes time to order dessert, she informs us they're only offering fried PB&Js tonight!  

Needless to say, this 10th Anniversary celebration appeared to be nothing more than a money grab to pack the place, get rid of the old menu leftovers, and charge extra for what has always come with the meals.  The excuse that "we took a dollar off the menu prices to make up for the a la carte sides" was a bunch of bunk.  Oh, and Yunkin' Punkin' for $6....give me a break.

HUGE disappoint from a diehard SPTR fan.  It would have been nice to see some interesting specials or an all day happy hour to celebrate 10 years for longtime patrons, but instead we got this mess.
Great draft beer list. Lunch menu is a little too short for my liking.
Bad service however on my last, and final, visit.

I stopped in for lunch, the place was empty at 1pm, mid-week.  I was thinking of some food and several pints.  The bartender working barely spoke to me when I came in an ordered and not at all after that.  I had a fantastic sandwich and a great beer but a second beer wasn't offered until I had finished my food and had had enough watching tv with mute on.

It got worse after that, I posted on twitter that SPTR has great beer and food but poor bartender service.  Whomever runs their twitter account chose to call me out rather than ask what happened.  They didn't seem to care very much about a customer with a complaint.

I won't be back.  There are plenty of places in Phila. to get draft beer.
We were looking for a bar close to the Wells Fargo Center that served tasty food and beer (that wasn't Chickie's and Pete's) and stumbled upon South Philly Tap Room. 

For starters - this place BLEEDS Philly. That sentence may not make sense to out-of-towners but I hope it does to locals and for anyone who visits after reading this. 

Good beer selection, interesting food menu and good tunes on the jukebox aka my kinda place. Our server was friendly, checking up on us when she could. They have happy hour Mon.-Fri. 4-6 which includes half off local drafts which is an added bonus. 

I ordered the grass-fed burger with smoked cheddar, lto and secret sauce. I was a bit surprised to find you can only order it 2 ways - rare or well done. I'm a medium rare guy so I went with rare. It came out medium rare so I don't have anything to complain about but this could turn some folks off. 

The burger was...good but for $15 I was expecting to be really wow'd. The fries were also a bit underwhelming. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing...

My brother ordered the wild boar tacos (which seem to be quite popular here) and said they were great. 

I enjoyed my time here but wouldn't rush to get back. At least it's nice knowing that there is a neighborhood bar close to the stadiums next time I'm looking to hunker down away from the bright lights and Miller Lite girls trying to pass off water as beer.
There is something unholy about the idea of such a trendy gastropub existing this far into South Philly. I just can't wrap my mind around the concept of 15th and Mifflin being a popular spot to be seen. Of course, this wouldn't affect my judgment of SPTR. It just feels weird.

The beers here are good but that's not strong enough of an attractor for me to compensate for the decent food and horrendous service. 

The first time I came to the Tap Room, the waitress seemed annoyed that I had interest in watching the hockey game on TV. She told me I could not order the side dish I wanted, as it was not available by itself. Five minutes later, she carried the same item she denied me right by my face to one of her friends sitting at the bar. They chatted it up and ate the dish together. Really?

That was my worst experience but I found few redeeming qualities in following trips. 

I can understand the appeal of the South Philly Tap Room but my ability to enjoy this bar has been marred beyond repair.
If the cook cannot man up and take some criticism, he should be replaced. The point of going out to eat is to have things cooked to how you want it. If a patron asks for a burger that is pink in the middle, you should fucking make it that way and not give your staff a hard time if it gets returned. Man up and cook what your guests ask for and not what you think they should have.
This must have been an off day. It had to be. 

Came in this morning for brunch with some friends. The seating situation is a little hairy. Do you seat yourself? I have no idea, but we did.

Everything was just. so. slow. today. 
It took way longer than it should have to get water, to talk to our server, to get our food. When the food did come out, some was undercooked, some was cold. We were all too starving to say anything about it because it took somewhere around 40ish minutes to get our food, so we didn't even want to risk sending it back.

The server was nice enough, but really inattentive. She came by about 25 minutes after taking our orders to tell us our food would be out shortly. This was not true.

Eh.

Oh, one star is for the fact that they were playing the Smiths.
I have visited SPTR many times - definitely around Beer Week.  I enjoy the rotating brews offered and the atmosphere of the place is always friendly and cool vibes.  

The beers offered are reasonably priced and the the brews that are draft are usually great selections.  They also have a larger assortment of bottled beers.  I always get the homemade pickles when I visit.  

Now the food options could be better.  This trip I had the wings, empanadas, and Mac & Cheese.  The wings were "ok", but not great. the empanadas (Lamb) were delicious and I the Mac & Cheese - could use an upgrade!  I do enjoy the more exotic menu items, but I always like to try different foods when I visit.

Parking can be challenging, so if you come to the area be prepared and be patient till you find a good spot.
Yesterday I sat outside at the Tap Room and felt like I was in a Harmony Korine film.  A terrifying family of fat children sat next to us with a woman whose skin appeared to be falling off.  The woman, who was wearing a clear plastic bra under her sun dress, kept waxing nostalgic about the plantain nachos the Tap Room used to serve.  "They were so different, but they took them off the menu and I'll never know why."

All the while, what seemed like the entire management team was outside trying to decide where the new bike racks would go.  Said racks looked like they were made by Catherine O'Hara in Beetlejuice.

There was also a mini traffic jam which caused an old asian man wearing blue matching clogs and knee wraps to jump out of his van to scream and yell.

Amidst this surreal south philly scene, I sat in a drunken daze and thoroughly enjoyed the perfectly salted and crunchy southern fried chicken wings with collards and a classic chopped salad.  I washed it down with a Founders Pale Ale and Lancaster Cream Ale.  Delicious.
Lately, every time I reach the "sounds good, where should we meet up?" portion of the conversation, the answer's been "South Philly Tap Room!" I've been here 3 times in the past week, so these people are obviously doing things right.

The drafts are well-chosen and diverse, with multiple and varied styles. The list changes all the time and always acknowledges the season (pumpkin cider in the fall, Christmas ale a little later in the fall, etc. etc.), and I love that. This is a good place to bring people who love double imperial hopmonster pales AND people who love malty chocolatey caramely coffee-y  stouts AND adventurous types who just want to try something new. 

Vegetarians will do well here, and most of the food is priced well, in or around the $10 range, so you can eat and drink a couple pints without breaking the bank. The special potato tacos are super filling and they come with a salad that is basically barely chopped salsa fresca, with tons of cilantro (into it). The grilled cheese and tomato soup is my current favorite iteration of this comfort dish, with thick Texas toast, smoked cheddar, and a better-than-average side salad (I'm talking avocado) too.

It gets a little loud on weekends, but I always seem to hear Iggy and Gang of Four over the din, which makes me feel right at home. The seating situation seems a little confusing when you first walk in, but it's spacious, so there will be enough room for you and your friends. Final note: awesome jukebox.
Dear Mac & Cheese,
I love you.

Seriously though, the first words out of my mouth after trying my first bite of their Mac & Cheese was, "Wow." Just that one bite had SO much flavor. Classic elbow pasta, smothered in white cheddar cheese. Mixed with onions and scallions (giving the dish awesome color and texture). As for garnish on-top, there were little fried onions that were SO good. Tips: let the mac & cheese sit for a little when it arrives at your table, let the sauce get nice and thick. ALSO, beware of ordering this on a date... when I say, "flavor," I mean, "FLAVOR."

-Try the Dogfish Head Olde School (Brandywine beer): Normally I stay away from "darker" beers. But this one was just really fruity and light.

-Also I definitely recommend the boar's meat taco's and philly steak sliders too. Mmmm, good eats!
Visited this place with my brother for a late night snack and drink.

Food (8.5/10) = Tried the wild boar tacos since my brother recommended it, and also since it was one of the most common mentioned items on Yelp.  Meat with great flavor.  Guacamole well made.  Proportions for each component of the taco were perfect.  You get two of these beauties per order.  

My brother got "My Mom's Meatloaf" (Mac and Cheese, barbequed mushrooms, made with country time pork). Simple. Comforting.  Velvety from the mac and cheese.  Savory meat.  To the chef, I love your mom for creating and teaching you this incredible dish.  All finished with Nitro Lancaster Creame Ale, and my usual go to beer - Allagash White.    

Service (8.0/10) = Just like the food, great friendly service.

Ambiance (8.0/10) = Tucked away in a neighborhood in South Philly.  Great wood finishes.

Overall opinion = this place is a gem in South Philly, serving awesome food and great beer.  You should definitely try the wild boar tacos.  But don't overlook "My Mom's Meatloaf!"
Beautiful atmosphere, but not good for a veg friendly dinner. I'd hit this place up for beers - if someone else was suggesting it - but I don't think I'l return on my own.

The deal? Well, the service wasn't bad - just inattentive. It wasn't terribly busy, so I don't really know why. Also, the veg options (the vegan hoagie and vegan pizza) are just disguised salads -- the 'pizza' was veggies on essentially pita bread, with lots of oil. That was good, if you're in the mood for that. 

The hoagie, however, was 50% iceberg lettuce on a ginormous roll. We didn't even touch the thing at the restaurant (it was ginormous! and didn't look very good!) ... still my frugal nature made me take it home. When I ate the leftovers, getting rid of the lettuce and moving the good stuff into part of the sandwich left me with 1/3 (or less). One third. Wow. Just make a smaller sandwich that's better.

I had high hopes for this place, so quite bummed by the disappointment.
Great food, but the experience was soured by the waitress who refused to serve us for no reason other than we gave her a weird look? She glared at us from the moment we arrived. The other waitress's tried to serve us but she kept pulling them away, making a scene. I wish she would have personally confronted us so I could better understand what we were doing to piss her off. 

Anyways, two stars for their great pickles and the burger ranks alongside hawthorns in my opinion.
having only been here three times, i may not be the best of judges, but i do try. i ate here once and the food was very good, i dont think the food is the main draw here though. the beer list is great, there are usually a bunch of the greats on draft  and the bottle list is notable, they had three of the big bottles from lost abbey available. this place is definately a spot to hit if you are, in fact a beer fan. my only complaint, and it is a very small one, i suffered through this nice guy getting gouged all night for $4.00 yuengling lagers, though alot of the other beers were reasonably priced. i guess thats where they make the margin or maybe that guy shoulda been drinkin somethin else.
i'm comin back for brunch!
Let me make this absolutely clear, as to protect the innocent:

Mom, I love you.  And I L-O-V-E your homemade macaroni 'n cheese.

And to the SPTR chef who makes his/her own version of the splendorous dish, I simultaneously love and hate you for it.  It's way too delicious for its own good, and you've forced me to question my beloved mother's number 1 status for mac 'n cheese.  You really should be ashamed of yourself.  I'll be back for more.

SPTR has an admirable array of draught beers, not all to my particular liking, but definitely hitting all the marks for variety of pales, lagers, barley wines and stouts.  There's something for everyone.  Unless you're a person who doesn't like beer.  Or decent mac 'n cheese.  Or good hearty food of any kind.  Then you wouldn't be coming to a place called a Tap Room to begin with, would you?
Finally went to SPTR after months on my to-do list.  So gald I finally experienced this gem!  I saw the Diners Drive Ins & Dives episode on Food Network, and was impressed how great of food they had as well as the popular draft beer selections.

I went during Philly beer week, and of course was impressed with the large amount of sour beers on tap.  Several Russian Rivers, and other sours that I love.  Also had some tasty barrel-aged stouts on the menu.  

I sat at a table (no room at the bar, it was packed), which is a small downfall.  I wish it wasn't so crowded so I could have a bar seat.  I think sitting at the bar is a better experience for this type of pub, but oh well, I took what I could get.  Our waitress was sweet, super busy, but still very attentive to us.   MAC N CHEESE was yummy!  My favorite was the BOAR TACOS, wow, lots of boar meat and cooked perfectly.  So tender and delicious, what a unique flavor.  They do not skimp on the portion size of guacamole smothered on top either.  My favorite part!   My roommie had wings, which were not your typical wings... they were served on a plate with sauce drizzled over top, very fancy presentation for wings.  He said they were really good  (I dont eat wings, but they looked good!)  

IMO, this bar gets 4.5 stars because it was so crowded, but I'm rounding up because I was very impressed with the quality of food which was absolutely delicious, paired with the rare craft beers on tap.  I will definately be back soon!
I used to love the SPTR.  It's 2 blocks from my house, they have a great selection of beer, they've got outdoor seating and a great jukebox.  Unfortunately the new chef doesn't seem to realize that it's a bar.  Of course this does not mean that the food can't be great and even a bit quirky.  I have no problem with wild boar burgers or even bear bacon  (in fact, I consider myself somewhat of a foodie) but when people go to a bar, they want certain things, like FRIES.  With their sandwich, maybe?  I was totally surprised and put off when my friend ordered a veggie burger and was told (with major attitude from a snotty waiter- again- this is a BAR- not Le Bec Fucking Fin) that no, she couldn't have fries with it.  Not "sure, but it'll be $3 extra..." but just "NO, it comes with chips."  Excuse me?  Like the previous reviewer,  I saw that they have poutine, which is great, but guess what?  The main ingredient of poutine is FRENCH FRIES.  They can't charge a few extra bucks for a side of fries?  I just don't get it.  I liked the old menu.  There were the standards plus a few interesting things on the regular menu, plus specials that were hit or miss but at least not pretentious.   Grilled cheese?  Escargots?  Pate plate?  Yes!  "No substitutions?"  GIve me a break.  I'll be going to the POPE from now on for drinking and anywhere else for dinner.  Royal Tavern?  Now that's what I call a gastropub.  That place never let me down.
Live just a few blocks away and popped in for a drink on Saturday evening, it was out first time visiting. Atmosphere is charming, and the service was great. Our server (Clint we think) was very kind and made this a memorable experience. We look forward to returning and trying the food.
The bartender was too busy talking to her friends to pay attention to empty glasses.i had three beers and had to wait for all of them. The a/c barely works. Worse, some visibly drunk guy who smelled like sweaty balls and ass came and sat right next to me. When I told the manager and she gave me attitude and did nothing about it. I left the bartender a polite note and she came out after me and gave me attitude as well. She said she gave him soda, but gave me shit anyway. Two stars are just for beers on tap. Fuck this place. I won't be back.
i've been going to this restaurant for about 2 years now and it seriously never misses. the serving staff is always so friendly and accommodating and easy going which always makes an eating out experience that much better. 
i'm lucky enough to have eaten almost everything on the menu and i can confidently say every single thing is 10/10. lunch? great. dinner? superb. hungover brunch? exceptional. 
wish they had edamame tho
I really like this place!  I walk over occasionally.  Nice pub!  They have out door seating - great for the dog.  Very long bar.  Good menu.  Pleasant staff.  I'm sure I'll be back soon!
I've been here once and they have expanded the place. I was surprised to see the back area upgraded. You can peek into the kitchen! 

I went here last night (Monday night) with my boyfriend around 7-8ish. It wasn't busy. The servers were around us constantly which is good but also made me feel like we were in their way (despite telling us to "take our time", just made me feel uncomfortable). Or that they needed stuff to do. They were friendly and attentive. They immediately cleaned up when my boyfriend knocked over his beer reaching for it.

The menu is small and a lot more fancier than I would expect of a bar. I ordered the pirate roll (shrimp, lobster, avocado) which was an amazing $12 and came with chips. The roll was pretty small, like coaster size, while the filling went about 2 inches over the bread. It wasn't messy, though, I managed. I normally just order fries or chicken fingers, you know? But whatever, it was tasty. My boyfriend ordered the duck wrap which was also pretty good. I had water and a long island iced tea to drink. The alcohol was nice and strong.

The seating is outdoor (with an umbrella), at the bar, a bench with tables opposite the bar, high tables, shorter tables, and a little raised area with more tables near the kitchen and to the right of the bar. We were seated on the high tables, which I'm not a fan of but is no big deal. 

The ladies room is very small. I'm a small skinny girl so this was no problem, but I was really surprised at how tight it seemed. 

This wouldn't be my first choice if I had to pick a bar because of the pricey menu, but it does have a nice atmosphere and the staff is great.
SPTR, how I love you...and let me count the ways.  From a stellar beer selection, to a menu that goes above and beyond the normal gastropub fare, and the rustic living room atmosphere....you are perfect.  

Came here last Friday for dinner and left perhaps far too stuffed.  We started the night with a couple half-price local beers (me: a Sly Fox Chester County Bitter on cask; him: a Sly Fox Imperial IPA) at Happy Hour, half-price rib-eye cheesesteak sliders, and a couple oysters.   All of  which were, without a doubt amazing.  The little Shemogue oysters were on special for the night - and served up Asian style, which were out of this world.  The meat in the sliders was tender and delicious.

Next course, I got the Eggplant Parmesan on special, which was huuuuuge; and a Sly Fox Imperial IPA.  The eggplant were fried perfectly and layered with a spicy marinara sauce and fresh mozzarella.  My boyfriend got the grass-fed burger - which he didn't like as much as he thought he would, but then we realized that maybe we are spoiled by the amazing burgers over at the Royal Tavern.  He still enjoyed it - and those yummy steak fries they serve with their homemade ketchup.

Last course - yes, we went for the dessert - was their "pot brownie" - a decadent brownie served in a mini cast iron skillet topped off with vanilla ice cream.  It was nothing short of amazing.  Our nightcaps were a Lagunitas Cappucino Stout and a Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout.

Great service, amazing beer, and incredible food.  ';Nuff said.
This place has probably some of the best bar food you'll ever sink your teeth into. The Monster grilled cheese sandwich is killer! Not to mention they have a fine selection of beers bottled and tapped. Even some seasonal stuff you'd be surprised. The service is very friendly and it caters to a fun crowd of all ages. I was even impressed with the selections available on their jukebox. Now they extended their place to a seating area for real dining, also upping their menu for more delites. So if you're new to the South Philly area and want to find a comfortable and affordable bar, this is it!
THE TAP ROOM IS BACK AND BETTER THAN EVER!!

A few months ago, I wrote a scathing review of the SPTR, replacing my original shining review of this quaint neighborhood bar. I have been a loyal SPTR customer since 2006. I would frequent the Tap Room at least once-twice per week when the old chef was there. The original SPTR featured a delicious menu full of "bar food" that appealed to all walks of life -- both vegetarian and carnivore. The service was the best in town and the beer menu was incredible. The best part about the Tap Room is that it didn't cater to any one particular scene. As long as you liked beer, food, and good company you were welcome at the SPTR.

Then something awful happened --- The SPTR hired a new chef that has delusions of grandeur and cooked like he was cooking for some hoity-toity five-star Center City eatery. Not to mention that he flipped the original menu upside down, adding too many meat-based dishes. The most appalling of this switch was that at one point, he added lion to the menu. LION. Why? Not only is this incredibly cruel but it's also incredibly ridiculous and unnecessary. The same time that this happened, the service got much worse. It got so bad that my friends --- also former fellow SPTR regulars --- and I boycotted the SPTR for almost a whole year.


Only a few weekends ago, my friends and I were hanging out and looking for a place to drink, but we didn't want to go far from home. We decided to just suck it up and go to the SPTR. After all, we only wanted a beer or two. When we sat down at our table and the menu was presented, we noticed that the menu was yet again --- completely different and revised --- but in a GOOD WAY! Returned were the delicious staples that the SPTR was known and loved for and added were some new dishes, like the meatloaf and mac n' cheese that my husband ordered and was hands down the best meatloaf I have ever eaten. The staff was yet again happy to serve us, and they were as quick as lightning. THE SPTR IS BACK... AND SO IS MY FIVE-STAR RATING!!!
Quality beers for under $6?
I can sit at a table during dinner service even if I just want to drink?
The bartender is (*gasp*)....smiling?!

I'm clearly not in a NY beer bar anymore.  This happenin corner joint encompasses what I seek in a place to get my Friday drink on....It was packed but with a subdued crowd that were preoccupied with personal conversation as opposed to the loud and rowdy exclamations of drunkenness I have come to expect on the weekends.  The staff was busy  but not in a way that made you feel like conversation was out of the question, and the jukebox was fantastic---and it didn't light up, download from the internet, or cost an obscene amount to indulge in...YIPPEE!

I enjoyed it so much we returned the next day for brunch, which was not as thrilling of an experience (the server was clearly either drunk or hungover to an extreme that impaired his functioning) and pretty much made every mistake possible.  I won't hold it against you, SPTR...this time.

On a side note I left my wallet on the table and it was returned to me, with everything inside....including cash.  Yea, I'm not in NY anymore.
Food is good, service could be way better.
Getting a large table on a Saturday night was pretty easy.
Most apps (not the fries) came it quickly. Though we never got played or utensils until all the appetizers came and sat a bit.
Mac and cheese was creamy and really good. I liked the pickled jalapeños.
The pickled veggies are awesome.
Salt and vinegar chicken wings were unique and surprisingly great. Peanut wing's were just okay.
When the entrees were set down, I asked if we could cancel the fries and the waiter unapologetically said the fries were ready. We asked for two order of fries when we first sat down, along with all the other appetizers. While they said the fries were coming, they didn't come until the entrees and all the entrees had fries. Why even bother ordering them as appetizers.
Burgers are pretty solid (though rare turned into medium so why even ask for how you want it cooked).
Grilled cheese and tomato soup was good as well.  Very filling.
Cleared all our plates except for the plates we obviously wanted to box up, yet still had to ask for boxes at the very end. Had to ask for water refills multiple times.
All the food was good. The service is inattentive and annoyingly bad.
After a few solid visits I'm happy to dub SPTR easily one of the favorite bars of my hood. And that's before I give it the essential brunch test.

If Happy Hour didn't start during the unheard of time of 4PM, it would hands down be a candidate for my top 5 in Philly. But even still the 1/2 off local draughts and appetizers manage to make itpretty legendary. small plates like the oysters, and even the head cheese tacos for the curious, can be pretty slamming. and appetizers like the wild boar tacos and tomato lager soup 9with mini grilled cheese bites!) are near impossible to resist. and other winners include the huge grass fed bacon cheese burger, and the tantalizing vegan hoagie with grilled tempeh.

the rotating and well rounded tap list features plenty of local brews (The Hop Phanatic  is sounding like a new must try!), but tosses in plenty of surprise hits that will win any beer lover over.
SPTR is yet another Gem in the West Passyunk crown. While W Yunk doesn't have the glitz and prestige of its Eastern sibling, there are enough superior spots to make this side of Broad worthwhile. 

I work nearby at a breakfast spot, so I don't get to come here much and it took a broken hood at our spot to have our entire staff shut down and have someone else serve us breakfast. 

And boy was it great. I could get used to Eggs , toast , sausage and beer on the regular. Everything I saw on our table looked excellent. Staff and atmosphere were perfect.

In the future, I may need to take a wrench to some of our appliances at work to get another blissful weekend brunch at SPTR.
SPTR gets a solid four stars from me. The bar never seems overcrowded, but there's always a strong showing of chill people. The location is perfect for a quick bite before heading down to the stadiums, as it's about a block and a half from Broad Street. 

The beer list is always solid and contains something for everyone, from mild lagers to knock-you-on-your-butt barleywines. Everything is appropriately priced, and the happy hour is stellar.

Foodstuffs at SPTR are pretty serious. The menu features some gems for sure but, like the tap list, selections rotate. When it is being offered, the roast pork sandwich with provolone and long hots is absolutely incredible. When it was missing from the menu on my visit last night, I was at a loss. I instead opted for southern fried chicken wings and a side of mac and cheese, hoping some comfort food would ease my woes. The chicken did all that and more, with its amazingly crunchy and just salty enough skin. Served alongside braised greens and blue cheese sauce for dipping, this plate on its own would make anyone happy. 

The mac and cheese, however, was a disappointment. The noodles arrived in a soupy cheese sauce that didn't really stick, and bites were lukewarm and even slightly cold in some spots. 

Mac and cheese aside, this spot has a great thing going and I count myself amongst the many fans.
South Philadelphia Tap room is a small bar with a dining room.  Shortish menu serving dinner and brunch on the weekends.  Everyone raved about the wild boar tacos so of course we tried that app and I did enjoy the flavors.  Although, I would say they did not taste different from good regular beef tacos.  For my dinner, I had the grilled cheese with tomato soup.  I chose this dish based on the yelpers love of the tomato soup but perhaps my favorite part of the meal was the house made ketchup.  The soup was tasty and the grilled cheese was what it should be but I had come in for dinner and felt regret over the simple dish for my meal.
South Philadelphia Taproom is that really great friend who moved to another part of town that is just barely out of reach for convenience. You keep missing each other when you try to make plans and every time you bump into one another on the street, you vow to hang out(but it just doesn't seem to happen). It's almost a running gag between you two - bump into one another, try to make plans, fail, then run into each other again 8 months later randomly at a show. You know you'd be better friends if you were just...a little...closer, geographically.

SPTR has no weaknesses that I can think of. The menu is solid pub fare with a dash of creativity. The beer selection is diverse enough to please most human beings who like beer.

Also, this place has SPACE, which is totally awesome. There is ample seating room. This allows you to have pleasant conversation, food, and beer without being packed into embarrassingly close quarters with some jerks.

The fried pickles are very good. They are served with a delicious dipping sauce. They will satisfy your craving for vinegar and fried at the same time.

The crab tacos are good.
The eggplant parm is OK.

I kinda wish I had tried the boar tacos because I love the idea of eating anything that could probably kick my ass in a one-on-one fight. I suppose this means I will be returning.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Willow(damn right, I liked Willow).
A friend & I dropped in for an afternoon beer while we were waiting for some work to be done at my house. He recommended the place for it's beer...the good food was a bonus.

The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable, pouring us a few samples before we decided on a pint...I had the Riverhorse Oatmeal Milk Stout (very good smoked flavor with decent medium body) and my friend had the Pliny the Elder Double IPA.

When we asked about food, the bartender mentioned that some of the latino guys working in the kitchen had been sharing their recipe for handmade tortillas and my friend, being a fan of authentic Mexican cuisine jumped on the Boar soft tacos, served with a pepper sauce.

I had the Seafood Springroll [picture above]...a crispy treat that was your standard GBD on the outside, but had a steamy soft inside owing to the the way the shrimp & I'm guessing crabmeat liquid had mingled into the roll as it fried.  Served with a sweet/spicy peanutty dip and a more tangy fruity chop or compote, the two oversized springrolls made for a great midday snack.

I'll have to come back to see what the nightlife is like, but SPTR made for a great mid-day beer-diversion. 

I'd have to come back and see if the same atmosphere & level of good service held up during peak times before I give it a fourth star.
Average at best. Wanted the Foxy brew but it was out so I ordered a vodka soda that basically tasted like water. Returned the drink and the waitress returned another equally flat and weak. For the price that's pretty shitty. 

Do not order the chicken wings. They were small, overcooked, and holy what they were disgustingly hot. I ate Thai at its hottest level for lunch and drink hot sauce on my food Texas-style so I know what hot tastes like. These were pointlessly, needlessly searing hot with zero dipping sauces. No blue cheese or ranch or even a custom sauce. Pretentious indeed.

The grilled cheese my friend ordered was really good and the waitress did her best so two stars.

By the time it was around 10pm the place was packed with people and getting a drink was impossible. Won't return.
Remember when the apocalyptic destination in 'Shawn of the Dead' was The Pub? I think we can all relate to the very certain safety which lies in the bosom of ones favourite pub. 

I give the nod to The Taproom as my default Pub destination. Their beer list is balanced, and changes regularly. Someone behind the bar knows how to make a first-rate dirty martini, and some of the food is unexpectedly good. The cheese steak sliders and burger are both made with good quality meat, but the sauce (I suspect some nouvelle torison on a french dijon classic) which the chef has devised to accompany them, puts them in the 'remarkably good bar food' category. The tomato soup has a very controlled amount of heat, which makes it interesting and fun to eat. The grilled cheese is a modern (and tasty) variation on a classic. Most of the meals are accompanied by an array of artisan pickles.  What a good idea to brighten up the palate with some tart pickled goodness.  

The Taproom is also agreeably affordable. $20 can provide enough food and drink for two people (during happy hour).  With the only drawbacks being that it's a bit noisy and the chairs are uncomfortable, it's easy to give the Taproom 4 stars and a confident commendation.
We tried the SPTR brunch yesterday, and it was awesome. Something that can make or break a brunch for me is the potatoes; these were a little more wedge-like than I normally prefer, but well-seasoned and the shape was MORE than compensated for by the FRIED ONIONS, which were not only delicious but seemed to be in some kind of vaguely vinegar-y sauce (?) I don't know what it was but the mouth-puckering flavor really made the dish for me. My eggs over easy were perfect for mopping up with toast, and the bacon was crispy but not too crispy. Also, mimosas. I am kind of glad I don't live in South Philly or I would be here all the time, and my waistline would not thank me.
i've been with this place through thick and thin...through good and bad chefs.  the good one is back...so i'm happy.  and you know what else makes me happy?  the fact that i now know that Lager in tomato soup tastes GOOD.  try theirs.  it's...well...GOOD.
There's enough reviews of this place out there so I'll just hit up some highlights. 

1.) Along with The Khyber, SPTR has the best mac and cheese in the city. The best.

2.) My favorite part of the burger? The house-made ketchup that comes on the side. I usually ration it so I can bring the extra home with me.

3.) Yeah, their grilled cheese is awesome, and gets props from national publications (http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/best-grilled-cheese-in-the-us/12).

4.) Don't skip dessert. Especially not the pot brownie or ricotta donuts.

5.) Beer.
good food, good atmosphere, good service. 
nice homey inviting decor with dark wood everything and plush chairs around a table at the front (a nice touch i think).
its been more crowded there lately, so its harder to talk over people. 
but thats no different from any other good bar i guess.
i have friends who go there once a week and they rave about the drinks and staff and burgers. ive gotten the salads and hummus, both were great. as for drinks, i got a diet coke... perfect.
In my eyes, this place is only okay. I have been there a bunch of times for lunch and dinner trying to make it live up to the hype that everyone gives it, but I just can't.

This is not one of the best burgers in town. It is only okay. Along with all of the other food I've tried - which is not many things, since the menu is pretty small, and it hasn't rotated in a little while. The beer selection is very good. Service is spotty.

I will probably keep going because it is close to my house and all of my friends like it and maybe one day I will figure out what everyone is talking about.
Expansive bottled beer list.  Eclectic food offerings on the menu, ranging from wild boar tacos to fried PB&J.  Went out with a group of friends on a Saturday night.  Enjoyed a nice Ommegang (draft) and the wild boar tacos.

Not that it was overly crowded, but you would swear the servers doubled up as bartenders and/or cooks because it wasn't often that we saw our server.  Might have enjoyed a few pints of beer had she been more attentive.
SPTR just skyrocketed to the top of my pub list. 

I went here for lunch with a buddy of mine a few years ago, and I was so turned off by the miserable bartender, I sort of wrote the place off. Last night, one of my beer-loving comrades suggested we have dinner here. I looked up the tap list and menu online, found it promising, and decided to give it another go. 

I'm glad I did. 

We got there around 6:30. It was full, but not crowded. It was tough choosing a beer to start out with from the stellar selection. I went with the Allagash Fluxus, before moving on to the Duck Rabbit Doppelbock and Bruery Autumn Maple. 

For dinner I got the vegan hoagie. Lawd-a-mercy. It was enormous, and packed to the gills with tempeh, roasted portabellos, red onion, lettuce and tomato and slathered in vegan mayo. It was totally irresponsible to eat the whole thing, but I couldn't resist. The thick-cut steak fries where a nice change of pace. They had the perfect balance of crispy outside and soft potaoey goodness inside, and were generously (but not overly) salted.  I also had a side of sauteed spinach with garlic and red pepper flakes.  Our server was attentive, patient and friendly.

A fine pub meal. Yeah, I'll be returning.
I still like the ambience of this neighborhood bar. Last night however I experienced terrible service. I ordered soup. My friend with an entrée was finished eating before my soup even arrived. The waitress was completely unapologetic ans simply said she delivered it to the wrong table. I was not happy and I left hungry.
It's taken over four years to get over my last visit.  The review deserves an update.  First of all, the staff tonight was great and the happy hour specials are fantastic.  The wild boar tacos are still great after all these years (they keep them right on the borderline of being too salty, but I like that).  The salt and vinegar wings are unique and well fried, and the toasted cheese with tomato lager soup remains a great item.  

The menu seems to have shrunk a bit since my last visit and there weren't any specials the night I was in there.  The crazy thing is how many competitors have crept up on SPTR.  The PHL food scene is strong, as is the beer scene which is evidenced with the strong tap list here.
For one of my few adventures into South Philly (so far, anyway), I loved SPTR. If Harry Potter was real, this is where all of the Gryffindors would hang out, as there is the absolute coolest wallpaper ever (red velveteen lions) and the crowd is loud and boisterous (especially during sporting matches). Loved the vibe here.

Awesome draft/bottle list and the happy hour deals are exceptional (half off of a $3 pint of Kenzinger? Yes, please, I need to go back). Another cool thing they do is late-night $2 tacos with a rotating assortment of meat. I found the food to be a very solid four stars--delightful tomato soup with grilled cheese and the fries were standouts. I didn't like the ketchup, but my friends rave about it, so it evened out. It was also all reasonably priced for the quality so I was very happy there as well.

Unfortunately, they completely understaffed the floor on the Saturday night I went (only one waitress that we could see) and as a result, it took forever to find her when we wanted to get more food, get the check, etc. She was clearly overworked because we had to ask her to adjust the bill due to being charged something we didn't order. Everyone was pleasant otherwise, and the experience would have been perfect if they'd had more staff on hand.
Alright, time to put on a full update for this one.  We've eaten here at least fifteen times, and it's five star quality every single time.  The atmosphere is perfect:  lively bar downstairs, eclectic and semi-romantic upstairs, great jukebox, always interesting and revolving beer list, fantastic food, always changing menu, etc etc.

The salt and pepper wings with ginger sauce and pickled radishes and carrots were extremely unique and delicious.  The meatloaf is perfect sitting between barbecued mushrooms and mac and cheese.  The pickled veg are just the right amount of spicy and vinegary.  The burger is a Big Mac on steroids, the toasted cheese is oddly memorable, and the vegan pizza shouldn't be as good as it is.  

We find ourselves arguing over what to get so we don't totally over order here, and they have Allagash White on tap at all times, which is in my opinion is a top three all-time brew.  Let's not forget dessert:  you MUST get Uncle Mark's doughnuts with caramel stout dipping sauce.  That's not a recommendation, and you can thank me later.  You'll have dreams and cravings for them....like I am right now.
Good food. Great beer. Marvelous pickled things. If only the briny waitresses didn't all cast themselves as the lead in a suburban scenester tragedy.

Excellent veneer though. Almost looks like a really decent pub.

Gourmet snormet.
I really like the atmosphere and the beer list at SPTR but I think the food options overall are a bit limited.  

I also think it's a bit pretentious to be denied an additional topping (such as a tomato on a grilled cheese) to your sandwich.  I get it, it's the chefs call, but a little effort to make a customer happy goes a long way.

Good jukebox.  Decent service.  Good prices.  Be prepared to wait for a table on the weekends at dinner hour.
Just moved to Passyunk Square area and have been going to the bars and restraints around that area, and we wanted to try something new. We went to SPTR on a Monday night. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because of the beer. I had the burger, cooked rare. It came out a bit cold and there wasn't much flavor to the been. And for $13 it was not worth it. Fries were typical and were not that great. 

Honestly if I wanted a burger I would rather take my business to a different place. 

I also ended up having half of the lamb sandwich because my girlfriend didn't like it at all. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be a cold sandwich or not, but it was and because of that it wasn't the best. I think it might be better warm. 

Overall I was disappointed in the trip. We may go back again for beers and I'll try the burger again to see if things changed or I just had a bad one.
This place was great before they raised their prices wildly and tried to pretend it was just a "menu change"

Hopefully they're losing money in order to learn a lesson in economics.  Treat your customers like disposable annoyances and be forgotten.  It's a big city.  You're not as cool as you think you are.

This criticism is directed toward the owner/managers making these atrocious greed based decisions.  The staff is perfectly fine.

This review is being written shortly after being ripped off on a plate with three mediocrely prepared pork ribs with a side of toast for $12.
I have grown a little wary or maybe weary of brunch. The hair of the dog seems to be less a cure and more a temptress leading to useless napping, or on my thirteenth beer by halftime Steve. I have also become tired of the "It's brunch" so service is out the window gig. Even my favorite dinning spots have come up small for brunch. 

The problem is my Wife loves it. 
The solution is the South Philly Taproom. 

I have been to the Taproom once before and found it to be adequate, but forgettable. The kind of place I find difficult to review. I am glad i didn't until now. Brunch was great! The bartender was friendly with a smile. the servers were quick and pleasant. it wasn't crowded, but the mix of folks who were there was interesting. 

The food was very good, simple and tasty. The eggs were a little dry, but lots of people like them that way. I am embarrassed to tell you what I ordered, but it was delicious, arteries be dammed. 

The TVs were on and tuned to the pregame, but the music was also loud enough to hear. As in Alexandra W.'s review, they get points for playing The Smiths. Heaven knows I wasn't miserable then
I like this place but am really disappointed they took my two favorite things off the brunch menu: Fried PB&J and grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was tempting for me to give three stars because of this. But I like the vibe of the bar, and the food and beer selection is generally good. Still, I implore the chefs and owner: PLEASE BRING BACK THE FRIED PB&J and GRILLED CHEESE AND TOMATO SOUP TO THE BRUNCH MENU.
I went back for diner with my girlfriend.  The service was almost as good.  Our server was also the manager and she was attentive.  She accidentally charged us for 2 beers we didn't have but quickly corrected it.  I still like the atmosphere.  Nice bar area.  Phils game was on the big screen.  A group of nice people sat next to us and chatted about the beer selection.  Beer selection still rocks.  Great selection of about a dozen taps.  Bottle list is not massive, but large enough and well-chosen.   We've been going through all the Founders brewery beers there which are great.  They also had just tapped the Founders Mountain Swish brown ale.  It was very good and I think this is a pretty rare beer.  For food, we got the hummus and flatbread (with tapenade) as an appetizer.  I tried the porter braised short rib sandwhich and she had a beets and goat cheese app for her main.  I enjoyed the food much more than last time.  So, after all this, why not a 5 star review?  The sandwhich was pretty heavy and I think it ended up being the reason for an upset stomach and multiple toilet trips throughout the evening.  Maybe I'm pointing fingers but I may have to be reluctant trying the food here again...  Anyway, I'll be back for everything else!
A friend and I stopped in on a Wednesday night and it was packed. One whiff of the food and a glimpse of the beer list and I understood why. 

You know when you walk into a place and have a good (or sometimes bad) feeling as soon as you put your foot down? That's how I felt here, in the good way. People were just chillin' and I got the sense that everyone was so satisfied. We walked past the content crowd and grabbed a two-top in the back, by the kitchen. MISTAKE. I couldn't stop staring at the food in the window. Bummer that I just finished a sizeable dinner. 

Anyway, I forced my focus to the suds selection: about 12 taps and a firkin with another 30ish bottles available. Winner, winner, wish I didn't already eat dinner! Okay, enough. I ordered two great beers, enjoyed great company and mentally plotted my next visit.
Hands down, one of my favorite little restaurants in Philly. I've yet to have a bad meal there, however I went Friday (6/25/10) and had the best experience ever, prompting me to write this review.

I went there with my boyfriend and we got the hummus and flat-bread appetizer and some ciders. The hummus was prepared chunky, which was really good, the flat-bread was fresh, fluffy and warm and it came with a side of roasted (grilled??) asparagus that I could have eaten a whole plate of and olives, which I didn't eat, but I just don't like olives.

My boyfriend ordered the roast pork sandwich and I went with my favorite, the wild boar tacos (sans onions...yuck).

The boar tacos were, as usual, amazing. The boar is the perfect mix of crispy and juicy and the spice in it is perfect. Not nose running-ly hot, but but it creeps up on you and stays after you're done eating. The guacamole is fresh made and with a perfect texture and the sprinkling of cheese is light and the perfect ending texture. 

The pork sandwich had me stealing bites of it the whole meal. The pork was SO tender and flavorful and the sandwich was on GARLIC bread! Why have I never thought of that? It was amazing. The fries were perfect and  I love that they make their own ketchup.

So the food is always good there, so what made this trip so awesome? The service. Our waitress (I really wish I knew her name) was wonderful. It was fairly busy there (The Phillies were playing and winning) but she was always outside asking us if we needed anything at the right time. Not overbearing, but attentive. She helped me pick out a beer and then made suggestions (even brought out a bottle from their cooler to show me what I was looking for) for the specialty beer store across the street. 

The only thing I could complain about it is the service is kind of hit or miss. Our waitress was fantastic this time, but the last time I was there, the waitress seemed a little annoyed that she had to wait on me. The time before that our waiter  was amazing. So it's a gamble, but the food always makes it all worth it.
I've been to the South Philly Taproom a few times.  I don't think I need to write an extensive review.  I believe that most people who are likely go there already know what I'm about to write: It has some of the best beer and food under one roof in all of Philadelphia.  And a cool vibe on top of that.  On one of the quite snowy nights this last week, I went out with my friend Danny for dinner.

The beer list was great, as usual.  I believe it was all American craft beer.  There was a good selection of different styles, ABVs and regions in the country, which was awesome.  I started with the Java Head stout from Troegs.  This well made coffee stout paired well with the snowy evening.  I had another drink, and tried a pair of Danny's, but I don't remember all of them.  The beer list changes so often, that I don't really need to comment on what they were, because they're long gone.

One annoying factor was how dark and loud this place can get.  Granted, it was a Friday night, but we had trouble reading the menu and hearing each other.  Partly that was due to the incredibly drunk table next to us, which went from funny to annoying a few moments.  This place is cozy but not cramped, and I usually love it here, but on this evening the atmosphere could have been a bit better.  Our server did a good job despite the fact that the place was pretty busy.

The menu is a little small, but it's always accompanied with a nice amount of specials.  We both ordered cheeseburgers for dinner.  Before coming here, I've had the burger, and remember it being good.  But it's more than that.  It's excellent.  Although paying $1 for the two small strips of bacon was a waste.  Overall, it's one of my favorite burgers in the city.  The bun and cheese are great, topped with lettuce, tomato and onion and special sauce.  The meat is well seasoned and cooked.  Overall, it's a great execution from every aspect.  To boot, it's served with fries and pickled veggies.  They serve it with a special "ketchup" which I didn't like, but you can get the real stuff by just asking.  

Bottom Line:
I like this place for brunch, dinner, or just drinks.  It has a great happy hour from 4 to 6.  It's one of the best bars in the city.  I just wish it was closer to my house.  It's not getting the most outrageous lineup of beer, but I'd rather have a solid place that I can always count on.  And that's exactly what SPTR is.
I don't drink and I think the Tap Room is great. The food is awesome, the jukebox is sweet, the staff is nice and the atmosphere is friendly. I live within walking distance of SPTR and whenever friends come to visit we take them there and they love it.  

ps
The Monster Grilled Cheese Sandwich is of my favorite items on the menu.
Until two weeks ago, I had all but given up hope of ever eating brunch anywhere south of south street ever again (or at least until my kid turns, like, twelve years old or something).  Anybody who has ever waited in line for forty-five minutes for a mediocre meal at Morning Glory knows what I'm talking about.  That wait is annoying enough when it's just you and your spouse/significant other/group of girlfriends...add a toddler to the mix and it's a recipe for disaster.

But I was meeting up with an old friend, and when her friend suggested SPTR as a destination, I shrugged off my concerns and decided to give it a shot.  So glad I did!  The food was quite good, with abundant vegetarian options, and the wait time?  Nonexistent!  I also liked the clubby, old-school decor.  I liked it so much that I was even willing to overlook the lack of changing tables in the restrooms.*  

If I am ever able to make it happy hour on a regular basis again, I plan to check out their specials, which sound like a great deal.

*Kidding, I am so kidding.  Although given modern parenting trends, I wouldn't be surprised if there aren't quite a few Philly bars with changing tables and kiddie menus.
Excellent beer selection, and the hand engine beer never disappoints. Food is generally excellent, too - although the vegan hoagie I mentioned in a previous review is no longer on the menu. They do change the menu up, and seem to take their surprisingly creative pub food very seriously. Recently had the fried green tomato salad - 2 pieces of fried green tomato covered with water cress in a green goddess dressing - and recommend it highly. The fish sandwich is also great, includes a few pickled mushrooms and green tomato. French fries with the sandwich are outstanding. Given some restaurant prices these days, this is a really good value for your money.
Many great beers on tap, some good food, some good service for south philly. That being said it is a tad spendy for its location. Its real hard for me to want to venture down into the concrete jungle. The prices here surely aren't making me go out of my way to get here either. But if I end up here I am not going to complain. I am going to have them pour me a brew and I'm going to sit back and enjoy the people watching session.
Saw this on a Triple D show and my mouth was watering so, I had to try it. (I live 25min. away) We ordered what was on the show - fried p,b&j, ricotta donuts & boar taco's. OMG - so delicious!! But the show stopper and truly the most delicious flavour I have ever had (and now crave it often) was the Tomato Lager soup that came with my 3 Cheese Grilled Cheese. If you go, you must, must order this!!!! It's love in a cup. I can't stress this enough. Get it.  You will thank me. Oh, and they are really nice and have a fun, large beer selection. I would live here if it were in my neighborhood! Ok, stop reading this and just go there....
It hurts to give South Philadelphia Taproom only three stars, but it's well deserved after my most recent visit. The brunch was great- generous portions of French toast, eggs, and sausage that left me wanting more. What made this experience not so pleasant was the cleanliness and customer service. The table and menu were extremely sticky.  Perhaps some spilled beer from the night before that never really got washed off. Judging by the faint smell of stale beer in the air, the floors may be in for a good cleaning too. As far as customer service, the waiter was very nice, but it took an extremely long time to get us our food, all while multiple employees were setting up Christmas lights on the walls. All I can say is that South Philadelphia taproom needs to step it up, because they aren't the only kid in town with a great beer list!
I saw SPTR on television and bookmarked it. I had some time to kill before I caught a flight, so my colleagues and I decided to hit up a place on my wish list. 
   When we saw the menu, we were tempted by too much, so we decided to order various items and allow one another to try our dishes.
   We all began with the apple and ricotta doughnuts, which were to die for. The donuts were well cooked, and the accompanying carmel sauce was an excellent touch. My colleague actually grabbed one of the last two donuts in the order and told my other colleague and me to figure out what to do with the remaining one. The donuts are that good!
   I ordered the scrapple, egg, and cheese sandwich. The sandwich was my first experience with scrapple, and I cannot say it was bad. The sandwich was filling, and I left satisfied.
   One of my colleagues ordered the Mac and Cheese, which was simply delicious. We were warned that it was not extremely cheesy, but the flavor made the insight an irrelevant detail. 
   Another diner ordered the French toast made from French bread instead of traditional white bread. The toast was not too eggy, but it had a wonderful texture and felt substantive. 
   Aside from the food, the beer selection was wonderful and reasonably priced. I ordered a couple of their special beers and was not disappointed.
   Overall, SPTR was a great experience. I really want to return with some clients to show them what real Philly food is.
Don't come here, you won't like it.

I promise, it's a waste of your time.  The mushroom-tofu scramble that I tasted and was delicious is not something you'd want.  The sticky rice dumplings drizzled with soy sauce which were downright amazing is not something you'd be interested in.

I can't imagine you'd appreciate the enfrijoladas with the black bean sauce and queso fresco.  I don't even think you'd like spicy bloody marys that they make or their awesome beer selection.

Really, I'm thinking of you here and trying to help you out.  Move along.

These aren't the droids you're looking for.
So to start off, I will say for some reason Yelp uploaded the bf's pic and not mine.  Anywhoo, Im a woman, he's a man, the pictures are misleading, lol, doesnt matter, just clarifying.  This was not my first experience at the Taproom.  My boyfriend lives two blocks away so we occasionally go for happy hour, but not that much because many happy hours in the hood are much cheaper and have a better selection.  On this occasion, we went for dinner because we had a Restaurant.com coupon and thought we would be able to splurge a little.  We ordered our meal, fried chicken, some pork and potato appetizer (can't remember the name, it was spanish), and a side of mac and cheese.  I mentioned to the bf that he should tell the server that we had a coupon, good thing because when I did she said they did not accept that coupon any longer and were in dispute with Restaurant.com over the whole issue.  Thinking that our lovely experience was slowly going downhill, I was worried.  My bf was pissed off and stewing in his chair so I knew that he was about to blow at the fact that we purchased the coupon, but were now being told we could not use it.  About 5 minutes later, the manager came right over and said she would comp us $25 off the bill.  What a pleasant surprise to be compensated without any prodding from us.  The problem was corrected immediately in a courteous manner and we were able to continue eating our delicious meal and drinking our tasty beverages.  A minor glitch that could have turned us away completely has actually made me have a greater respect for this establishment and the professionalism under which they operate.  Kudos to you SPTR!!

Maia R. Maspeth, NY
SPTR made my day - wow.

We stopped in to try the Kentucky Breakfast Stout during Philly Beer Week and make a brunch of it.  First off - this stout was incredible.  Like creamy chocolate/coffee.  Wow.  Too bad I have to wait till next year or drive to Michigan to have it again.

I ordered an asparagus/tomato/ricotta fratatta special that was absolutely delicious.  Their homefries are perfect and the ketchup served with them has a kick of something awesome mixed in.  I was given butter with sea salt to spread on my toast that took it to another level.  I tried some of the mac and cheese and that was also so so good.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful.  

My friends loved their dishes - the wild boar tacos, the homemade sausage, and enfrijolatas.  The regular beer menu looked killer, and I was struck by how large the place is.  I felt like we had a lot of space and didn't feel rushed at all.  The wait staff was friendly and efficient.  Overall, such an enjoyable experience.  I will def have brunch here again, and I hope to come back every other part of the day too!
an absolutely fantastic bar, the tap room has yet to let me down in any way. good food, good company, well-priced all the way 'round.

plus, i can walk home from here, lickety split! there's another star right there.
Many disappointments:

1. Home-made ketchup was not good
2. Fries are dry and tasteless
3. Burgers are obviously frozen, pre-packaged, and not well cooked.  You can't even order medium-rare!
4. My beer was funky tasting and had no head.  I could hear the bartender comment to a friend that the beer I ordered was awful, but she didn't say anything to me or apologize when I obviously didn't drink it.
5. Did I mention that this entire experience was over-priced for the area?

Long story short - Stay Away!
I love this place. It is just a good bar to go to and have a meal. It is the perfect spot for everyone to sit comfortably and be able to hear each other. The staff is always amazing and work extremely hard to make sure your experience is great. Their homemade ketchup is beyond. Their food is consistently great and fresh. 

The food always feels above regular bar food. Their options are great and include vegan options. Their drinks are above other bars in Philly too. Did I mention everything is super affordable as well. 

Go and have a few. It is a wonderful place to enjoy each other's company.
Brunch at SPTR yesterday was literally the worst dining experience I've ever had.  I've been a server for many years, and I've never seen such bad service.  

Soon after we placed our order, the place started filling up.  No surprise considering the amazing beer line up they had on tap for Beer Week.  They were slammed.  Of course, delays are to be expected.  

We waited 90 minutes for our food without any acknowledgement, explanation, or apology for the lag time.  The food was bangin' when it arrived.  What bothered me was that our server ignored us completely while we were waiting.  She walked past us again and again without noticing our empty water glasses or even so much as checking in on us.  Even before they got busy, the server forgot our drink order and left us without water.

There were plenty of customers flipping out and laying into the service staff.  While I understood their frustration, I also understand that its not a server's fault if the kitchen slows, and it is totally inappropriate to take it out on them.  

After we got our bill, we asked to speak to the owner who we had previously seen milling about.  He had left, leaving his staff out to dry, so the General Manager came over to speak with us instead.  She was very kind and even discounted our bill which I greatly appreciated.

We've eaten at SPTR before and received shotty service.  We returned for the good food, the excellent beer selection, and the great interior.  This experience was such a disappointment, I will not go back.
Looking at the menu online, I was excited to go to the Taproom and grab some food and drinks.  After and unsuccessful attempt at left side of the street parallel parking, I drove around the block and found a spot just down the street.

They had some outdoor seating which was all filled, so we decided to see if there were available tables inside.  The interior is more of a restaurant and larger than I thought it would be.  There is a long bar area with some tables when you first walk in, then it opens up to about 10 tables with seating for about 40 or so people.

Walking in, we were seated immediately at a table and ordered some drafts.  They have a decent draft selecting (Kenzinger being their "normal" draft), they also have a huge bottle list.

After browsing the menu we decided to order a few things and share between the two of us.  We ordered the following:

From the specials menu:
Oysters - Not very good, they were covered in sauce, and there was hardly and oyster there.

Head cheese tacos - First time I have had head cheese, its different, so     i can't really judge these.

Branzino - This is what the waitress suggested to order (maybe because it was the most expensive thing on either menu).  When we ordered it the waitress explained that it was a whole fish, and she could have it fillet it if we would like, but having too much pride we of course said no.  When she brought the fish out, I told my girlfriend I have never had a whole fish, and she said she never has either, so we picked it apart the best we knew how. We made a massacre of the poor thing. It was very good, but would have been more enjoyable it we knew how to eat it.

From the regular menu:
Wild boar tacos - This is the item that everyone mentioned in their yelp reviews.  I didn't care for them, they were greasy (not what i expect from wild game) and there wasn't much added texture to them.  It was basically a greasy lump of pork on a taco.

Grilled zucchini - It was awesome, salt, pepper and oil, grilled to a slight char.  Cooked just the way I do at home.

I liked the Taproom, but will order differently next time I am there.  I like dour food, but other people's orders looked so much better.

TIP OF THE DAY: If you order a whole fish, there is work involved (bones, skin, etc.), make sure you or someone you are with knows how to go about eating said whole fish.
From the regular menu:
Always amazing, SPTR is a great place to hang out and enjoy some distinctive brews (which change frequently) as well as some really great food! The burgers are the best you'll ever have, along with excellent fries and home-made ketchup.
Wait staff are very attentive, especially Erin who is just fabulous. The vibe is hip and cool (in a good way).Definitely worth checking out if you're ever in the area.
I really like the taproom.  Hell, I almost have to being that its less than a block from my front door.  They have a constantly rotating selection of very decent beers.  The burgers are delicious and the mac and cheese is to die for.  I'm not a huge fan of steak fries but when coupled with their specialty ketchup I have no qualms finishing the whole plate.

My main complaint, however, is the inexplainable inconsistant serving sizes/prices of their beer menu.  Should a Fluer de Lehigh ever be served in a 12oz glass instead of a regular pint glass?  No.  No it shouldn't.  And don't even try to tell me its because the beer has a high alcohol content.  I can see right there on the menu in front of me that it weighs in at whopping 4.5%.  Sometimes you just want to drink a big beer, and they tend to be hard to come by here.
I've had very hit or miss food here.  The service is great, but sometimes the meal just doesn't seem worth it for the price. I appreciate that they have good vegetarian options but this place is miles away from Royal Tavern.   Great concepts, but just mediocre execution.  They'll get their act together sooner or later!   Also, not to sound like a hipster asshole but like, how can you be a bar in Philly without having PBR or some other $3 equivalent?
Two word: Ostrich Kebabs.
I've only been there a few times  but every thing was great each time. The food, the beer selection and the waitstaff. If I lived a bit closer I'd definitely be there a lot more often.
I may need to go back but just in case i come to my senses and decide not to im give sptr 3 stars for now. Brunch club is always a cluster and since they were given notice of our arrival i expected more than one server taking orders and refilling drinks. She did a great job given the circumstances but larger parties should be accommodated differently, 
My cornmeal blueberry pancakes were ok. Plenty of blueberries which made me happy. I also tried the doughnuts and they were pretty good. I was anti there being no brunch drink specials but i guess since this is a beer bar they won that battle. 

Im glad i went ( finally) but was under-whelemed. Sad
I went to South Philly Taproom on Sunday, June 12 to finish the last leg of Beer Week and experience the exceptional lineup of rare Russian River beers. We arrived 15 minutes after the taproom opened, and I rushed to I grab a table for my party. We quickly ordered a round of drinks and our meals from the server. Now, all of the beers on tap were exceptional, but the prices were offensively high. They were selling an 8 oz. pour of Kentucky Breakfast Stout for 9 dollars. Two days prior, I enjoyed a full 12 ounces of the same beer at another Philly gastropub for only $7.50. Many of the Russian River beers were similarly priced, with very small pours. Quite simply, South Philly Taproom was price gouging. 

After about 30 minutes, someone at my table mentioned that we had not received our food yet. A quick glance around the bar revealed that no other tables had received food. No problem, as good beer and good company can stave off a craving for brunch. After waiting for 45 minutes, the hunger began to hit. Then an hour passed, and we still did not have food. I procured some food from across the street just so we would have something to hold us over to whenever the staff got around to actually cooking the meal we were about to pay for. An hour had passed, and we waited still. It took the entire staff of the South Philadelphia Taproom one hour and 15 minutes to prepare, cook, and serve a half-dozen meals to our table. The food, while tainted with frustration, was above-average. 

The worse part about our experience is that the staff did not address the fact that the kitchen wasn't producing any meals for over an hour. We waited, annoyed, without being told that they are having some problems and food may be delayed, or even a simple apology. Our server was generally inattentive--our water glasses were as empty as our stomachs. It was only after we received the bill and expressed frustration to the manager that an apology was delivered (in addition to a discounted bill). 

I wanted to speak to the owner but he only stopped by the bar for a short period of time. Evidently, he had more important things to do than run his establishment during a packed brunch and one of the most anticipated events of Beer Week.
I'm still keeping the 4-star rating, but only because the food and the service have switched roles. 

I come here a fair amount, mostly because it's kind of like my default first-date place and it's nice to get out of the whole Passyunk routine of gastropubs. The food here is always consistently good and improves with each menu change. I'm a huge fan of their open-faced turkey thing with mashed potatoes, and their tomato-lager soup remains to be the only tomato soup that I'll allow in my body. The gooey grilled chese that accompanies it doesn't hold a candle to Royal Tavern's but is still divine. Last night, though, I had quite possibly the best thing that I've ever eaten there: grilled brussel sprouts served with thick-cut bacon and an apple vinaigrette. Oh geez, I was seriously in heaven. Brussel sprouts are my favorite vegetable and the bacon was just crisp enough but not overly so and the apple vinaigrette provided a sweet balance to the rest of the dish. It was a special of the evening but if SPTR added this to the menu I would probably pitch a tent outside of the restaurant so I could eat it every day without having to commute to the bar. Oh, and the Mexican turkey soup was really good and tasty without being heavy. Full of yummy vegetables, too. 

I still have my qualms about their beer pours to price ratio but that's still just a me thing. Plus, Dogfish Head's World Wide Stout was on tap next to Pliny the Elder AND Mad Elf...with a tap selection involving those beers I'll just sit there pretty and shut up. 

Service though? Ugh, I don't know how the staff charmed their way into a job because it's gone WAY down hill. There's one server who consistently looks miserable and like she's about to cry, another who is all cute and peppy with her co-workers but looks annoyed as soon as she comes to your table, and ALL the servers seem to forget that checking on your tables more than once a night is part of the job. I really don't get it - it's not that hard. 

But I love the food and beers enough that I'll deal with shoddy service just like rest of you all so I suppose they can get away with it.
Rolling into the South Philly Tap Room out of the frigid January weather was pretty nice.  It was very warm.  The Tap Room claims to be a neighborhood bar with a great selection of beer.  This is mostly true.  The space is kind of small and cozy (although I was told by the bartender that there's an expansion in the works).  And for a place called a 'tap room' I expected more draught beers.  What they had was excellent.  A great selection of local microbrews including Stoudts, Yards, Sly Fox, Victory and more.  They had many Belgians by the bottle but they were a little pricey by what I consider to be South Philly standards.  The microbrews both by the bottle and on draught were priced well, though, so there's definitely plenty to drink.

The food was decent pub food.  I had a duck and andouille sausage gumbo which was pretty good.  TK argued that duck shouldn't be spicy because it destroys the subtle flavor of the meat, but I liked it.  They had a fairly varied menu.  And wi-fi.  I might be back for lunch!
Just for starters... I was about to only give 4 stars to the SPTR, but decided that since it's so close to where I live, it deserved that extra bump to 5.

Having lived in and just about all around Philly for just about 13 years now, the South Philly Taproom is one of the very few places that I've wanted to become a "regular" at.  Currently, I'm probably just a few visits under that "regular" status, namely because sometimes the idea to go there pops into my head but then I end up being to lazy to just go!

That said, I've (personally) yet to have a bad experience there. Be it the pleasant and knowledgeable service, the savory and fairly eclectic menu items, the general atmosphere or the combination of those three things...it's hard to not enjoy your visit there.

Their draught selection is always top-notch and changes just often enough to keep you coming back for what's new. They've also got a great bottle selection as well, but let's face it...you're there for what's on tap, that's why it's the "Taproom"!

But seeing as you're there to drink, it's also nice that they've got some great food to keep your belly full and to help absorb all that yummy alcohol! Their Dry Rubbed Rib Eye Cheesesteak Sliders are mouthwatering. The 3 Cheese Grilled Cheese (with a cup of their Tomato Lager Soup) is incredibly tasty and a fall/winter favorite of mine (probably spring/summer favorite too, I just haven't ordered it around then just yet). The 100% Local Grass-Fed Beef Cheeseburger is probably one of the most underrated burgers in the whole city...excellent in it's simplicity!  Recently, I've tried the Porter Braised Short Ribs sandwich and it was nothing short of amazing.  Their sides, specifically their mac & cheese and dish of pickles are all great as well.  I will admit that I'd like to see more and better from their dessert menu though. Three dessert items at any given time is just not enough.  And for brunch, I cannot pass up their Steak and Eggs Benedict!

So again...combination of good service, tasty food, nice atmosphere (and location) all add up to a great spot!
My husband and I stopped by this quaint little bar tonight (Friday) and we loved it.  The walls were exposed brick and the wait staff was great.

The menu is limited, but the food we had was excellent.  My husband had a 'white fish' which he said was wonderful.  I had the Bourbon BBQ salmon sandwhich - it was great! 

We had a couple of drinks and found out way home ! We'll definitely be going back to this neighborhood tap room!
i use to love this place when they had the chef that was super creative and made poutine! (fries, with gravy and cheesecurds.) 
I don't think he is there anymore and the past 3 times I ate there it was horrible.
2 stars for the food.
good beer selection and great place to go just to drink. but don't waste your money on the food.
Stars don't change but increase in love for a place does.   The South Philly Tap Room just can't help but get better and better.  I'm still on the boar taco/slider kick, but have been experimenting with the calamari (GRILLED!!!) and have diligently decided that the next visit will involve a Caesar salad that is served w/ polenta croutons. 

More to come.
We came down for the Wheat Beer Fest and stayed for dinner! SPTR pulled off their very cool annual event with many many wheat beers, music, and festive atmosphere. We headed inside as the fest was winding down for some dinner. They have a great beer list and a very inventive pub menu. We ordered the fried pickles - which I was pleased to see were in slices (ahem TRIUMPH) with a nice spicy dipping sauce. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich, which came on an onion roll and topped with slaw and a side of fries. This sandwich did suffer from the "cooked so long it's dry" mentality. Juicy flavorful chicken, tangy slaw, soft roll. It was really divine. If this were a bit closer to our 'hood it would be dangerous.
Warm, friendly, and inviting.  An awesome neighborhood spot with surprisingly good food.  I would knock over old ladies in wheelchairs to eat their meatloaf on mac and cheese entree.  No joke.
I just don't get it. I must have a mental block when it comes to South Philly Tap Room. Because, I keep trying to like it - mainly because everyone raves about it and I have some serious FOMO that I am missing out on a wonderful place - but every time I go to SPTR I find myself wishing I did not order food. The food is just not good bar food. Nothing is special, and I feel like my food is always facing the classic Goldilocks dilemma; i.e. under or over cooked, under or over seasoned, etc. It is never just right. 

All in all, I would never recommend SPTR to someone who wants to consume food - but maybe if they want to hang and go for a drink...or maybe not, because what if you get hungry???????
I've been hearing about SPTR for some time, but when I saw a replay of their stint on triple D last weekend on the Food Network, I decided it was finally time to check it out. I'm a big fan of the other south philly locations owned by the same guy - Sardine Bar and Second District - so I knew, based on that alone, that I'd love this place.

I popped in around 2:30 on a Sunday - and I could not have timed it more perfectly. The place was pretty quiet, with brunch served until 3, we had the option to either get a last minute breakfast order in or wait about 30 minutes for the lunch menu. While the brunch menu had some interesting options, I was hopeful the lunch menu might offer a little more variety. I ordered one of their craft drafts, an order of fries, and indulged in some conversation while I waited for the lunch menu. The fries were very good, but the ketchup was different. A homemade spin on the condiment, definitely not Heinz. It was very good, just different. 

The bartender was amazing- very accommodating to making sure my glass was never empty, and offering a preview of the lunch menu - letting us know the second the kitchen was ready for our food orders. As expected, the lunch menu offered slightly more variety. My friend ordered the wild boar tacos, I ordered the mac & cheese, and we shared an order of the fried pickled mushrooms. The food came out crazy fast, crazy hot. Everything was very tasty. The menu was varied, but not extensive, and the options are a little more limited if you've got a picky palate or food restrictions.

Their draft selection and specialty cocktail list are pretty great, but definitely on the higher price end. They've got a Pimm's Cup cocktail, which is one of my favorites, but with a price tag of $10, I opted for the $3 Kenzinger. 

The vibe here is great. Everyone is friendly and the music is good. Overall, I'm a fan. I definitely want to come back to try the fried PB&J.
Stopped in for lunch and had some awesome wild boar tacos. The tortillas were the perfect crispness, still pliable but with crisp edges that had a crunch. The meat was juicy and delicious and the guacamole was creamy. The order came with two tacos, but I would have happily eaten two more. Mexican street corn was available as a special and I ordered that as a side. While the seasonings were good, the corn itself was small and tough and altogether not a good piece of corn. It was a bit of a letdown for this reason.

The beer selection is good with a nice selection of crafts on draft and a cooler with bottles and cans as well. I enjoyed a grisette from St. Benjamin on draft. I liked the atmosphere, a good local bar feel with better than expected food. I will likely return to try more food items and drink more tasty beers.
The South Philly Tap Room is a little on the pricey side, but food, beer selection and staff make it OK.

The staff is friendly, knowledgeable about the beers and food they serve.  The beer selection is great.  The menu changes periodically, which I enjoy.  However, the veggie selection seems to be getting smaller as time goes on.  :(
gosh i can't stand this place.  i've wanted to like this place a lot, but finally have come to the fact of the matter that i'm not a hipster and since i'm not, i'll always get awful service at this place.  

we always try to get a spot at the bar, and once out of i'd say five times or so we have.  our presence was not happily felt.  i felt like I was bothering someone to order drinks and food.  ugh.  

if we don't get a seat at the bar, we have sat at a table or two.  once we sat outside after a phillies game, and had one beer served to us the entire happy hour.  a few other times we have not only waited a REALLY long time to get noticed, we once sat for almost 20 minutes before someone even knew we were there.  we got up and left.  usual SPTR feeling. 

i know everyone else likes this bar, but why is it so different for me everytime i'm there??? sheesh! its so depressing!
I never thought I would write a five star review about how much I loved the beets, but holy moly-- the roasted beets appetizer is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  I went here with some girlfriends on a Friday night (and the joint was just the right amount of busy) and we ordered a bunch of appetizers to share... and I ordered seconds on the beets. They were fantastic.

Also delicious: the skillet brownie. The salty-sweet flavor they're going for is quite salty. 

Super cozy, neighborhood-y vibe.
We get to the tap room maybe once every couple of months, most recently last night. I know they've gone through some menu changes, and I've been told in the past that their Nazi chef is gone. With the menu as is, they have some mighty tasty treats available at decent prices. I've had the vegan hoagie, available at $10, a few times and each time I am full with food still left on the plate. The hummus plate for $8 was just enough to fill me up, and a great consistency, paired with some roasted peppers, cucumbers, olives, and warmed pita. Also delicious is the tomato lager soup, better than your average tomato soup. It's a great choice when you have a mix of omnivores and vegetarians (or vegans).

This wouldn't be a true tap room if they didn't have a great selection of beers on tap, and boy, do they. They usually have around a dozen or more beers available, and the selection ranges pretty widely,with quite a few PA options (and usually a few Michigan ones too, which I'm always happy to see). Prices of the beers are great as well, usually ranging from $4 to $6 or so for most beers on tap.  And if they don't have on tap, they just might have it available in bottle, with a decent selection. Don't come here looking for the majors, though. Their selection is all about the craft beers, and that's just fine with me.

The only thing I don't like is the volume. Maybe my age is starting to show, but I hate having to talk really loudly just as part of my dinner conversation. I'm not looking for quiet dining here; I'd just like to not have to constantly ask someone to repeat what they said. Oh, also, the bartender / server is just a bit too impatient (even when not that busy), and lets it show with some passive-aggressive attitude. But if
I ordered wings from here & they were really spicy so I asked for something to cool it down like ranch or blue cheese (because it didn't even come with my wings). The waiter said it was an extra $1 for it. I was desperate for it since it was really spicy so I said yes. I receive a tiny little cup of ranch dressing that I had to pay a $1 extra for. My friend needed mayo for her burger but we were apprehensive about asking because we didnt want to be charged for another condiment. Overall the service was good. The food was well seasoned. Just annoyed about the ranch/blue cheese thing.
Came to visit here with some friends, one of which lived in the area.

The service was friendly, knowledgable, and helpful.  I had a Hefeweizen.  It was delicious and refreshing.

I loved the mix of items on the menu.  The menu itself wasn't terribly long.  However, the items seemed exciting.  Things like beef tartare, wild boar tacos, etc.

I enjoyed some delicious deviled eggs that contained I believe some cheddar, horseradish, and were topped with a halved cornichon.  Amazing.  

I had a fish sandwich, which was good.  But wasn't great.  I had picked it in a bit of a panic.  It felt not as moist as it should be.  It was still a delight, though.  However, the sides on the plate were large medallions of spiced pickle, french fries, pickled green tomato, and pickled mushroom.  I would reorder the dish for the sides alone they were that yummy.  I'm not sure if I've ever said that before?

Don't let this dissuade you from the fish sandwich- again, it was good, not great.  I'm tempted to try one of the other main dishes when, not if, I return.  

Bravo, South Philadelphia Tap Room.
