This will be the shortest review I've written because I'm not wasting time or energy on a 1 STAR review. My husband stopped in to pick up a dozen bagels this morning to drop of to me for my staff at 6:40 a.m.

He reported the only employee who was in the bakery assisting him was not personable and was impatient with poor customer service skills. When asked a couple questions, she appeared annoyed and dismissive.

Really!? All this for 1 dozen bagels and 3 cream cheeses.

Never returning. Poor customer service at anytime is unacceptable when a customer isn't being difficult, but at 6:40 in the morning? Too early to be negative and transferring that to customers. Unacceptable at any time.
There are many things you shouldn't do while driving. Talking on a cell phone, texting, sexting, emailing, reading, applying makeup, but I'm still unclear on whether eating while driving is okay or not. Either way, I'm a pro at it and it's probably my #2 hobby in this world. My favorite thing to eat while driving is a novelty size slice of pizza from Lorenzo & Sons, but on Saturday morning I opted for a bagel from South Street. I've always wanted to go here but never made it until last week. I love bagels and it's hard to find somewhere with a good variety of both bagels and spreads. I also like that it's not a chain - Manhattan and Bruegger's are OKAY but it's just not the same. So I dropped in and ordered a garlic bagel with lox spread and tomato. This combination is the ultimate bagel combination, in my opinion, short of a garlic bagel with actual lox, scallion cream cheese, and tomato. I also had a Diet Pepsi. 

I got back in my car to make the trek down to Target and between 3rd & South Street and Target off of Columbus Blvd, I ate the whole thing. There was traffic, okay. The layer of lox spread was very generous, the tomato was juicy but not wet, and the bagel was top notch. My breath was also top notch afterwards and there are toasted garlic crumbs in the console of my Saturn now, but I'm okay with it. South Street has a long list of bagels and spreads, including classics, some low fat options, hummus, and my darling lox spread. I love places like this and I think I'll make it a destination on my weekly weekend errands.

Oh, and while I was waiting for my bagel to come up, the two guys in front of me were discussing what lox is. "Do you know what lox is? I don't know, ask him, I bet he knows what lox is. Dude, do you know what lox is?" Their friend was like, "yeah, it's an onion." In unison - "OHHHHHH". Then they left. Awesome.
Pro-tip! Call ahead for pick-up! 

So many choices!! I chose an everything bagel with sausage, egg, and cheese...my only regret was not asking for hot sauce. The everything bagel was among the best I've had, and perfect balance of "everything" without being overwhelmingly seedy or strong. I was impressed with their many bagel options, sandwich combinations, and cream cheese spreads. 

I was super impressed with their Nitro coffee. The flavor was amazing! Didn't require cream or sugar to mask anything - it was so smooth.

The place is small, but perfectly quaint, and the staff was fantastic. Great value, great taste. Perfect for a sunny breakfast stroll down South Street.
A toasted whole wheat everything bagel with low-fat vegetable cream cheese and a large cup of L'Aube coffee? The perfect start to my Sunday morning and the fuel I needed to make it through a workout I really wasn't in the mood to start in the first place. 

Decent bagels are so few and far between in Philly that South Street Bagels are automatically elevated to four star territory. There are better bagels to be had, but you'll have to travel to Jersey to get them. In the city, this spot corners the market.
I said never again, so why did I go back? Because I was craving a bagel and this place is two blocks from my apartment, that's why. And after my last negative review, a stranger messaged me and urged me to give South Street Philly Bagels one more shot.

My poppy seed bagel was like a roll with a hole in it. No chew, no glaze, no difference between the crust and the stuff inside. My flavored veggie cream cheese had no flavor at all, and the 'vegetables' looked like a mix of dried spices instead of the typical shredded carrots, chives etc.  

Service was quick, it's a great location but these bagels don't cut the mustard, er, the cream cheese. Don't give these guys any slack just because we're in Philly and not New York. I've had much better at Hot Bagel in Houston, Texas.

What a waste of carbs.
When it comes to everything bagel related this place is dead on amazing. But for everything else it may need a little work.

My main concern is that the level of customization may border a little too far on the excessive. By the time I picked out my bagel through the vast list of varieties on the wall, I had to read through a list of 20-30 cream cheeses. When I came to the conclusion that I didn't want to try the cream cheese just yet I had to read through a list of 10-20 sandwich options. I was almost to the point that my head exploded and I ended up forgetting what bagel I wanted it all on!

Finally I went with the French toast bagel because it sounded like the stuff of legends, and I decided to get it as an egg and cheese. The bagel portion of the sandwich was truly immaculate, but the egg & cheese portion not so much. If the bagel it came on wasn't so damn amazing I'd say that you could probably get a better egg & cheese at McDonald's. The coffee that it offered went from typical to obscure. I picked up the sticky bun flavor for whatever bizarre reason and it ended up tasting nothing like a sticky bun. it was $0.96 for a small though so I got what I paid for.

Lesson learned - go here for your bagel fix and do try the cream cheese (maybe the whitefish). But other than that keep it simple and you should be happy. And I like that you can score 2 dozen bagels for less than $15!
I love this little spot. The staff is very friendly and always giving me their recommendations and different combos they've tried. 

Fair warning parking is usually a pain around here on weekends if you're coming from out of town but it's worth it if you can get a spot. Seating is a bit limited inside so don't expect to sit down to get here.

I got the Cinnamon Raisin Bagel toasted with Apple Raisin cream cheese - it was so good almost tasted like a French toast brunch. We also got a pork-roll egg and cheese toasted on an everything bagel... can never go wrong with that. Their scallion cream cheese with Lox is perfect.

Great place to get bulk orders of mixed bagel flavors & cream cheese if you're hosting a brunch or tailgate
The first thing that I noticed about this joint is that it smelled like the bagel place that I used to go to when I was a kid.  When I walked in, I smelled salt, poppy seeds, onion, garlic.  This place is warm inside and clearly it was built more for functional than form.  There is a plexiglass wall separating you from the bins of bagels.  They have at least 15 varieties.

The prices are good here.  A bagel shop in my opinion should not be expensive.  When you make your order, they ask you if you want it toasted.  They have a small prep area that you can watch them assemble your sandwich, be it just cream cheese or something more involved like a sausage egg and cheese.

All bagel shops that I know of always have coffee at the ready.  South Street Philly Bagels is no exception except they have two varieties and it's actually brewed well.  The coffee here compliments the excellent bagels.

Minor complaint: no taylor ham (down here it's called pork roll)  They have deli ham but it's just not the same.

The line moves quickly, the staff is pleasant and basically, I love this place.
I was lured in by the "free bagel" flyer from south street fest. While I do have to say the bagel was delicious, I was taken aback by the price. While in the shop, you could get the free bagel and pay the difference on cream cheese. I figured it couldn't be too expensive to get fat free veggie cream cheese and toast the bagel. I was SHOCKED to find it was almost three extra dollars. I paid it cause it was crowded and I didn't want to hold things up but I would never pay close to $4 for a toasted bagel with cream cheese at any other time.
As a native New Yorker, South St Bagels is the ONLY acceptable bagel shop I have found in this city.  The bagels are tasty and the staff is amazing.  I have gone in on several occasions with specific orders for a whole posse of people, and they have never messed it up.  Even on busy weekends, they are nice and the product doesn't suffer.  I am partial to the whole wheat everything bagels and husband is obsessed with their bbq salmon and salmon pastrami sammies.  Thank you South St Bagels!!
There are some things you need to know before you go to South Street Philly Bagels..

1. You will wait in a single file line and feel awkwardly close to the people both in front of you, and behind you.

2. It is at times uncomfortably hot in there. WARNING: If you are hungover your barf reflexes will be challenged.

3. If you are a female and somewhat good looking the manager/owner WILL hit on you. Trust me, this guy has no shame. You will catch him looking down your shirt, he will see that he's been caught, and he won't even look away. The guy knows no shame..

4. The staff is a few flavors short of an everything bagel. Be prepared to repeat your order and monitor their every move to make sure you leave with what you came for.

5. You will be presented with a lot of options - TONS of bagel and cream cheese flavors. Again, if you are hungover, this might be the most difficult part of your day.

6. They make one batch of coffee each day... that's it! So if you stumble in there at 11 looking for a cup - be warned that it has been sitting there since the sun came up. Don't fear - there is a Starbuck's on 4th and South.

And finally....

7. This place is awesome! I recently went on a search for the perfect breakfast sandwich, and this place takes the prize... HANDS DOWN! My favorite is the sausage, egg, and cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel. DELICIOUS! The end result is definitely worth the hot, awkward, sexually harassing wait!
The morning after can go one of two ways: 

1) I'm looking to pow-wow with friends at a long, drawn out brunch reviewing the night's transgressions. 

-or-

2) I wouldn't know because I'm buried in the haze of a hangover and looking to shove a cream cheese loaded everything bagel down my throat. 

When it's the latter, South Street Bagels is where I go.
When I lived a half a block away from this little joint, I was in here an average of once a day.  And I miss it, I really do.  My favorite thing about it is the customization factor -- there are so many choices and combos you can make from the bagel, cream cheese, and topping selections that there's sure to be something for everyone.  After experimenting, my all-time fav ended up being spinach florentine cream cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel with lettuce, tomato, and cucumbers.  Ahh...I can taste it now....

HOWEVER:

The manager / owner may or may not have a screw loose, and the rumors are true -- he WILL hit on your fine ass unmercifully.  It got to the point that I would not stop in this place unless I was sufficiently unshowered and hangover drunk-faced from the night before.  Granted, he still talked my ear off, but less...um...creeptastically.

A word on the rest of the staff?  I'm fully aware that these kids must make a hot $7 an hour at best, but really, this crew might possibly have lowered my own IQ a few points, just by sheer proximity.  The blank stares, coupled with the de rigueur 5+ repetitions it takes to get each order (possibly, hopefully) correct left me wondering if there was something in the water over there... (Not to paint with too broad a brush though, as there is one young lady that seems to know what the hell is going on, and is just as frustrated with the rest of the staff as the customers are.)

Basically, if you're headed here for the ambiance or the winning customer service, you're pretty much S.O.L., but for a crazy selection of bagel & spread varieties, and a damn good hangover-cure sandwich, look no further.
I am from New York originally and have been dying to find a bagel place in philly that is remotely close to a NY bagel store. This place is advertised as New York style, so maybe my hopes were set too high but they did not come anywhere close. Ordered a bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel - fake eggs...reallyyy?! Not scrambled or fried on a flattop. Also ordered a garlic bagel with lox cream cheese, tasted okay but not enough spread on the bagel. Overall the bagels were hard after just coming out of the toaster and not that tasty. While waiting I also heard one of the workers say to a customer they were out of plain bagels-- out of plain bagels at 930 on a Saturday morning??!! That would never happen in NY. 

So my quest continues to find a decent bagel in Philly.
For Philly this is the only choice...

It's a travesty that for an area with a large Jewish & other forms of loud, hungry mouths to feed, this is the ONLY spot to find a bagel crafted according to old-world norms (thanks to the hard-working, of course, Spanish-speakers toiling continually in front of the viewable kitsch-en ovens).

In NYC these would be OK - the dough isnt all that flavorful, the CC's are a bit salty and not always real tasty/fresh, and the variety of flavors in name does not match their respective tastes.

Coffee service is a pain: creamers lately have not been chunky - somehow they stay below bacteria-happy levels in their little cooler-thing - and the tease of fresher coffee in two usually-empty glass pots can frustrate.

Staff works hard, it turns over a lot, and the clientele is rather brusque on the strange lineup.

The owner seems to be a mensch who strides in quickly at times, swoops behind the counter, barking out some orders, questions - makes a few apologetic phone calls, then takes an order or two mixing in jokes right outta Loch Sheldrake or Monticello.
He might be a better entertainer than bagel purveyor - but in Philly his virtual monopoly is desperately needed.

A plus are the "men's" magazines on display in back of the cash register - showing sexy Israeli chicks with bold Hebraic fonts - this would be a nice style touch at 4th Street Deli !

To sit inside and enjoy a b'fast or lunch bagel one must stake out turf and plant hard on one of the two available seats (plus a Victorian era couch Dateline has postively tested for many things)...

It's more nervy than exciting inside - but the point is the bagel - and the fact so many want them toasted... well, what else do u need to know?
Mediocre bagels at best. I got the bacon egg and cheese on a jalapeño cheddar bagel. I asked if it came toasted and the woman at the counter responded, rather rudely, that it didn't and you had to ask for that. When I asked her what the difference was between whitefish salad and lox, and which was better, she said "I don't know, why're just different" with an attitude. 

The bagel wasn't toasted at all, rather heated up, and was really soft and mushy. Maybe it's a matter of preference, but I like hard bagels, not bagels like soft bread. The saving grace were the fillings. Lots of bacon, egg, and cheese. They also add pepper to the egg. 

I won't be back anytime soon. So many better places that treat you nicer.
I remember back when I was in high school having to solicit for sponsors for my school plays....and I remember the nice people at Philly Bagels taking out an add, which totally rocked!

Within the past few years, though, the bagels and bagel sandwiches haven't been tasting the same. Don't get me wrong, they're great in the morning, especially with some lox and tomato, but there's something I can't quite put my taste buds on. Different flour? Something.
Came here on a Saturday morning when another favorite bagel shop of mine was closed. It was pretty crowded and the line was long, but it moved quickly. 

I intended to order a breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg & cheese is my to-go! - but when standing in line, I saw that the eggs were microwaved.  I quickly changed my order to a bagel with sundried tomato cream cheese. The spread was very good, but the bagel was not memorable. 

I will likely not return since I am not in the neighborhood... but if you're in a pinch it'll do for a quick and simple breakfast!
Please see the pictures :) you idiots :) can't believe anyone could be such a careless worker to actually let this happen :)
This place is terrible! I had not been back in many months because they are so slow, but I decided to give them another shot today. Yes, I know it is Saturday, however the reason you have a line is not because you are popular, it's because your employees have absolutely NO SENSE OF URGENCY!!! Employees kind of wander around, talk amongst themselves, etc. Finally I saw my sandwich done while someone finished another order at the same time. They used the knife to cut the egg/meat sandwiches in half and then mine. What if I was vegetarian? Not cool man. 

South Street Bagels, I am officially breaking up with you.
Great selection of bagels, the staff is efficient and courteous and the cream cheese selection is good. The only reason they don't get a full 5 star review is probably a little beyond their control.

This place can get really hot and on some mornings, after a long night of alcohol consumption, a few minutes in a steamy bagel shop can be pretty unbearable. Like, hallucinatory, feverish delerium hot.

Other than that, big up to the staff!
Although this place is a slipshod operation, they make damn good bagels.  I am so sick of lumps of bread with holes cut in the middle that call themselves bagels.  These are the real deal.  They are best when they're still hot out of the oven with a little hummus and tomato or goat cheese.

SSPB also has a serious spread of cream cheese for the non allergic to dairy individuals of the world.  I would give the little toe on my left foot for maple walnut cream cheese on a whole wheat bagel but nobody would make that trade--it's a little gross.
Though Philadelphia may not be known for the best bagels in comparison to our neighbors to the north, South Street's bagels and cream cheese are incredible.  To get a couple dozen bagels for under 15 bucks makes me wonder why the hell I have ever purchased name-brand bagels at the grocery store.

Try a wheat bagel with blueberry cream cheese.  Heaven.  And the french toast bagel.  It speaks for itself.

Do avoid the coffee, however.
"Whaa hew whan fer bruckfuss?" 

Repeating that breathy phrase over and over annoys people awake. I thought that you might find that to be a helpful morning tip.

It's funny to me that so many reviews note that the bagel is a helpful hangover management tool. I agree wholeheartedly. Everything bagel with cream cheese is a fine, fine cure. Bagels soak the badness away. Bagel oasis offers many tasty cream cheese flavors for your cream cheesy needs. 

South Street Philly Bagels are pretty dern decent, I decree! I have to say my "not as good as in NY thing," and now I'll add that these are some of the better bagels that I've had in Philly and it makes me happy that they're only a few blocks away when I need them. Ooh and I need em.
Bagels are my favorite on-the-go breakfast food. There is a huge selection of bagels, some of them a little weird, but I always get the french toast one.  A larger selection of low-fat cream cheese would be nice, but as long as they have strawberry, I'm not complaining. Coffee is pretty good, but I wish they'd have a container of 1/2 & 1/2 instead of those little "single serve" cup things (I have to use about 10).
After three trips, I'm gonna pass on returning to Hot Bagels.  I love me a bagel... in fact, a bagel and cream cheese is my desert island/last meal/eat it for the rest of my life pick, and the reason that I have gone to Hot Bagels several times now is because of all the choices.  SO MANY bagels and SO MANY cream cheeses.  But they are doing so many things wrong!!!
I have no complaints about the food, except that they run out of things often.  It's hard to mess up a bagel (although it has happened!).  Every time I go in there, it's a weird situation, or it takes forever.  It doesn't make sense to me that the person who takes your order also makes your order.  Their system is counter productive.  You go to the register, tell them what you want, and then they go make it, and then they come back and ring you up, which isn't SUCH a big deal, except for when they are really busy and there are 3 or 4 employees doing this.  It gets very confusing and very crowded at the register.
Also, the last time I was there, the owner or manager (not sure, but he was an older guy with some authority) was talking to one of the employees from just a few feet away and PRACTICALLY YELLING when it was a casual conversation.  He got louder and louder to the point where I couldn't talk to my friend who was standing right next to me.  It was awkward and weird.  That's just one visit, but, all in all, I don't feel like they have it together there.  I can get a bagel at a million other places in the city.  And now I will.
I don't know that I would exactly call myself a bagel connoiseur, however having grown up in North Jersey I do have this thing called "standards" when it comes to this doughy baked good. Philadelphia has failed to impress me time and time again with this place and that place and friends saying "you have to try the bagel here" only to have lofty expectations quickly deflated by being introduced to nothing more than a roll with a whole in it. 

Then there was South Street Philly Bagels and though it's not the bagel of my hometown, it is the closest in the area and conveniently located just a stones throw from my apartment. Old standy varieties of onion, garlic, salt, poppy, sesame, plain, and everything are met with new varities ranging from french toast to veggie. The toppings are many and varied that it seems the combinations of eggy sandwiches, schmears, and salmony fishes is endless. As a smoked salmon lover, it brings me much joy to introduce you all to their latest menu addition....a pastrami lox; if you are a lover of the lox, get on it and thank me later.

Prices are great, a toasted bagel with butter rings in at $1.50 while sandwiches and more complex orders top out around the $5-6 mark depending on contents. You can now order through Seamless if you don't want to wait in-house, but for me personally I think half the experience of starting your morning off with a bagel is being able to enjoy the steamy air and intoxicating aromas of these almost-but-not-quite hometown treats.
I have a problem.  It is South Street Philly Bagels.  They are just too damn good.

I feel as though I'm becoming a snob because I want to keep perfecting my order, but then again, it keeps getting better and better.

Right now I'm hooked on two different things, but similar style.  The first is a toasted cinnamon sugar bagel with a light spread of strawberry cream cheese.  It is just the right way to start your day.  Nearly melts in your mouth.

The second is similar in style but brings flavor that keeps on giving and some heat.   Toasted everything bagel with a light spread of jalapeño cream cheese.  This is one of those things that you try to make sure you leave no crumb behind.

You can't go wrong.
Seven years in Philly and I finally found the best bagel place. I am not sure why more people don't know about this place-- or rather, why my friends have not gushed about this place to me until just very recently (two days ago). I love bagel places that have a lot of variety (i.e. more than the selection you'd find at Dunkin Donuts) and that goes for the cream cheeses too. I had a cinnamon sugar bagel with apple and raisin cream cheese and I was over-delighted. I think I ate the entire bagel in three minutes saying "mmm mmm mmmmm" the whole 3 minutes. I grew in North Jersey so I'm overly picky about my bagels. The snobbiest thing I do is choke down a frozen bagel. You will NOT be disappointed in the selection here. Obviously there is a line in a very small place... but the workers move fast and try to be as efficient as possible. I also had the cheddar horseradish cream cheese on a salt bagel and ... still 5 stars. Bagel me!
Where else are you gonna find a french toast bagel complete with powdered sugar and maple syrup?  Places like these make me happy.
I was a fan of South Street Philly Bagels before I ever stepped in the door. They very shrewdly sell their bagels to Whole Foods stores in the region. Check out the bagels at Whole Foods Fairmount. They are from South Street.

I am a huge fan of their pumpernickel swirl bagel. Just the right chewiness and flavor. I love that these bagels are made the correct way unlike so many Philly area bagels.

Upon finally going there I ordered two sun dried tomato bagels to cut, freeze and toast later. They did not disappoint. A just right sun dried tomato taste and crunch. They need to send these out to Whole Foods too!
Great bagels and selection of cream cheeses, salads, as well as having your standard variety of meat + cheese + egg breakfast sandwiches.

Best bagels I've had in Philly. Are they as good as bagels in NYC? Well, I don't think so. But hey, close enough.
The sign outside says "Hot Bagels!" and baby, they aint jokin!

Watch as workers spill piles of hot bagels into mounds of bins! Grab a handful of the heavenly circles for breakfast and love life.  

I do indeed like this bagel spot. A bunch of bagel bins, a ton of workers running around like chickens with their heads cut off, and a long line. 

It often is hot and steamy inside- due to bagel production, I guess. Get in & get out or die from being inside.  

May I recommend.....?

Jalapeno cream cheese. Like dream on poppy nom nom NOM!

French toast bagel. Oh WORD?! Iz so hot it hurts hands and so sweet and triumphantly amazing life is good. 

8 grain, or multi grain, or whatever.... so many grains to love! Did you know: I cant even NAME eight grains! Like, wheat, barley, hops.... yeast? Is that a grain? 

I just love it so much. I want to eat bagels all the time. You know!? Like, these bagels. Yeah I love Spread n all but these ones- these are "everyday bagels." Not special occasion. Theyre friends you know and love, not a delicious expensive dinner or a best friend you used-to-know-and-now-you-dont-but-still-love. No Theyre family.

I would marry.
most of these reviews are way too positive.  i won't reiterate what pedro s. wrote, but he's right on.  i got a "lox special" for like $8 - a fine price, had it been in any way special - and it was just lox, yellow onion and tomato.  i expect capers or *something* on that, and it also needed to be toasted.  not to rag on them or anything - the bagel was ok, i guess - but it certainly isn't 5-star.  
also the coffee sucked, and it was surprising how many people came in and got a cup and no bagel while i sat at one of the stools and ate my meal.
I hadn't been to this bagel shop in awhile, probably 3 years.  Anyway, I managed to be down South Street at 10am on a weekday, there's nothing open.  Alas, the bagel shop.  I bought 4 eight grain bagels but I wanted to buy more!  I managed to not even peck at one until I got home, they were still fresh and delicious hours later, even days later.  I think a single bagel is only seventy cents and they have many varieties, peanut butter, chocolate chip, sun dried tomato, veggie, pumpernickel, pretty much more than you could possibly imagine put into a bagel.
Small, fast-paced and South Philly family-run. These are some damn good bagels.

When I use to stop here before work to get bagels for the office, I would always grab a couple of their French toast bagels (powdered sugar and maple syrup infused!). They also have lots of healthy options and fun creations like chocolate chip, etc.

The cream cheeses are awesome, too. This is the place to get a coffee and egg sandwich - not McD's.
Finally, I've discovered a REAL bagel shop in Philly, right in Queens Village.  This is no typical Philly "bagel", which is usually a roll with a hole punched through it.   The salt bagel I devoured on Sunday morning was by far the best I've had in the city.  They have a variety of cream cheeses  and breakfast sandwiches too.  I also noticed they had a "lox special" that sounded pretty tempting and wasn't too expensive.  If your looking for a quick breakfast this is the place to go!
Disclaimer: This place makes some of the best bagels in the city. Take that for what it's worth, especially if you hail from NJ/NY. 

This quaint little bagel shop lurks steps off South Street, serving a versatile lineup of bagels and cream cheeses, along with your typical breakfast sandwiches (bacon, egg and cheese, etc). Pop open the door on a weekend morning, and get ready for the ordering gauntlet! 

The space is tiny, forcing people to form a haphazard line that snakes to the end of the bagel cases, looping around to the register and ending with a pool of confused parents, screaming children and hungover 20-somethings. In spite of this, ordering is still fairly simple, although you can't help but have an uneasy air of "there's no way I'm getting everything I asked for" immediately afterward. 

Now, right off the bat, the bagels are some of the best in the city - crispy exterior, soft interior, excellent for toasting and loading up with cream cheese, cold cuts, or whatever else you like. Their sandwiches are pretty average though, and unless you're into microwaved egg product and the like, I'd skip this and make your own, or just stick to the cream cheese (scallion, jalapeno and veggie are my favorites). 

For the bold, adventurous orderers who are willing to ask for ANYTHING MORE than a bag of bagels, this is for you (and pretty much why this tops out at 3 stars): this place screws up MORE orders than nearly any place I've ever been to in the area. Not only are things left out, forgotten or done wrong, they're fouled up in new and inventive ways. 

For example - forgetting literally everything that makes a club sandwich a club (bacon, lettuce, tomato), then when asked to correct it, they slap the long lost components onto a sliced bagel without recutting it, resulting in the entire bagel falling apart in a useless mess the second you bite into it. 

I could go on and on for paragraphs with different examples (which kind of became hilarious, especially since it wasn't happening to me, personally), but I think you get the picture. Stop in, get a bag of bagels, a tub of cream cheese and get the hell out. That's it.
Tasty bagels, and very friendly service, this old style bagel emporium sells a nice variety, and they are very nice size, definitely not a boutique bagel.

They are located very close to the 4th. Street Deli, and opened in 1996, they make a true water bagel.

You can get any type of bagel sandwiches, from a lox, and cream cheese bagel to a Rueben, and everything in between.

Give S S P B's a try, you won't be disappointed.
When I wake up on this Sunday morning, I hope to hear at least one of the following two statements-

1. Wow, I'm so glad that I, Scarlett Johansson, famous film actress, went home with you last night, Brad P.

2. Let's go get South Street Philly bagels.

It is the second statement that ignites my taste buds...On my way over, I will excitedly wonder, "which cream cheese will I get on my delicious bagel?"

Spinach Florentine? Sure
Cheddar Horseradish? Why not?
Olive Pimento? Didn't know anyone made that but OK!

South Street Philly bagels has an incredibly wide, creative selection of cream cheeses.  it is a small, no frills place that is best suited for takeout.  The prices are right, the bagels have a delicious consistency, and their cream cheese selection is so diverse that if you don't find something you like, you simply don't like cream cheese.  It is OK not to like cream cheese but it just means this is not the place for you(I won't agree with your irrational thought process though).
Pulled up here on a Sunday around 10 am fully expecting chaos. As soon as I removed my steamy glasses I saw a big line but was relieved to see there were TONS of bagels - when the bagel shop was open in Pennsport sometimes they would be sold out around this time on a Sunday. I hopped in line and found it moved very quickly. When it was my turn the girl was sweet and patient as I made her pack 30 bagels for me. I got all the bagels plus 3 tubs of super yummy cream cheese for about $35, was in and out in less than 10 minutes, and had a happy brunch crowd all afternoon! The whole wheat everything were a big hit...although my car still smells more than 24 hours later.
I'm a pretty big bagel snob, and when I find good bagels I get really excited.  I can't wait.  I seek them out, I savor them, and I really just plain enjoy them.  Part of my love affair with bagels is that I am a true carb head.  It's pretty sick how much I love carbs. But I digress. As a result of being a carb fiend / ny bagel snob, I feel like I know a good bagel when I have one. I recently stopped by South Street Bagels in an attempt to enjoy a good bagel. I really wanted to like them, but in the end, while their bagel was GOOD, I still think I prefer Four Worlds Bakery and the NY Bagelry out on Haverford Ave, even to some extent, Spread in Rittenhouse Square. 

Here's why: 

I went there early on a Sunday morning while running errands, really hoping to be in and out fast.  The place had a significant line, and they were NOT moving people along pretty quickly.  In fact, they had a number of people standing behind the counter NOT helping customers.  Secondly, the bagels, while many in variety, and all looking great and warm and coming out constantly (implying that they were in fact very fresh), were OKAY.  I ordered a sesame seed bagel with lite vegi cream cheese, instead got a sesame with plain cream cheese, and it was just plain okay. It wasn't fantastic.   It was a decently made bagel, but there was SOMETHING off about it.  I bought two, so I got to try it again the next day.  Toasted, it was good.  But again, not great.  It was a LITTLE too tough for my liking, and though they had just come out of the oven, they weren't nearly as soft and yummy as I had hoped they would be.  They also seemed to be too dense, and just not quite delicious.  

Verdict: it's a good bagel place to get a good bagel fix.  A tad overpriced, and the service is a little slow (if my experience was at all typical), and just plain okay. 

There are other bagel places around / in the city that I prefer.
South Street is my favorite bagel place in the city. They have a large variety of cream cheeses (pesto is my go-to), and if you're a fan of lox, the pastrami salmon goes great with any of the bagels. This place seriously makes my morning just about once every weekend and I drive from Northern Liberties.

Little bit of a wait sometimes, and there's no air conditioning, but there's a nice big window for people watching. Parking is usually fair around the area and it's in a nice spot to walk around after eating.
I love this place!   You can watch the friendly Mexican man in the back making the bagels fresh, right before your eyes.  

One of the reasons I so adore this place is because their lox bagel sandwich is LEGIT - capers, tomato, onion, all the good stuff.   This seems to be unique in Philadelphia, where most bagel shops pass off cream cheese bagels with bits of (hopefully) salmon as 'lox bagels'.  

As someone else pointed out, their service system (the same person that takes your order makes your sandwich) is inefficient - but I've generally found it to be timely and the employees friendly.
I always come here for bagels when I'm in town. I love that there are still mom & pop shops in the world and that they serve an actual bagel! I'll never understand why it's so difficult to make a good bagel, yea, I know...it's all about the water. I'm sort of a traditionalist, I just like pumpernickel or rye most of the time.
My place of choice when I'm craving a bagel! Their bagels are fresh and they have a huge selection of cream cheese, spreads, and toppings. My favorite is the whole wheat everything bagel with chive cream cheese. I always add lettuce, cucumber, and onions. The best part about this place is that the vegetables are fresh and crisp and they definitely do not skimp out on the cream cheese. 

They have decent coffee, accept cards ($5 minimum), and staff is friendly. My only complaint is that service can be a little slow. Still, South Street Philly Bagels is definitely worth checking out on a day when you're not in a rush.
So...I worked here for three years during my high school days. And I hate that I know the goings on behind the scene. The bagels are sooo DELICIOUS and when they are fresh from the oven there is simply nothing better. But...this place has it's fair share of problems. The staff is usually incompetent (trust me, I'm pretty sure I lost a lot of brain cells working with some of them) and the manager will talk your head off, or flirt with you if you're female. But the main issue with the bagel place is that it is dirty. Like, extremely, extremely gross. In every nook and cranny there is mysterious gunk or crumbs, dirt and dust.  It was always such a constant battle...Do I pretend like I don't know what things look like behind the counter and just eat a warm and soft everything bagel toasted with BLT? (I'm not a cream cheese type of girl but last time I checked, we had something like 17 different varieties, sometimes a bit excessive as the honey-mustard flavor was always left untouched.) Even now I still get the cravings for a bagel sammy from here but I just can't do it.  I  wish management could get their shit together and just clean the joint. I mean, it's not that hard!!
And when they finally do, I'll be the first in line for the ridiculously cheap baker's dozen but I won't hold my breath.
I have to say, I didn't think I'd find a good bagel in Philly. This makes me feel closer to my original home, New York. This place serves up my favorite center-less piece of baked dough exactly as it was intended: pleasantly crisp on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside. The whitefish salad is great, too. Only thing I'm looking for is a pumpernickel everything. Other than that, this place has you covered for all of your bagel needs. 

Oh, and before I forget (reading the reviews on the right while writing reminded me) - the egg sandwich could be better. I was hoping for a delicious fried egg, but I'm not sure if there's a grill here. Looked and tasted more like microwaved eggs, but still... 

Best bagel shop in Philly!
So happy my order was written down on the bag and not complete. Paid for a club sandwich on a toasted bagel. Not toasted and no meat. High class establishment. I'm surprised the proper bagel got pulled to not make food right.
We moved from Brooklyn a year ago and I was worried we wouldn't find a bagel store that even remotely held a candle to the amazing bagels of Brooklyn.  We were so pleasantly surprised to find South St Bagels that brought us back to the days of a great bagel shop on every corner.  This shop has quickly become one of my favorite places to go in the neighborhood. The staff is friendly and quick, and most importantly the bagels are amazing.   As far as good bagels go, they are the only game in town.
The bagels are good but the line situation leaves me wondering WTF is wrong with these owners. You walk in and you never know where to go. My first bagel experience was a few weeks back for a take out dozen order. They were decent , not amazing but i was craving an egg and cheese on a lazy sunday morning, same cray ass line situation this time i waited for an eternity for my sammy not a good way to start the day. A DD style egg round came on my sandwich( no salt no pepper ) i mean even Manhattan Bagel fries their eggs up on a griddle. I was annoyed and not even close to being satisfied, even though its in my hood ill probably skip it.
Darn it South Street Philly Bagels.  Why'd you have to go and be so tasty? 

I get bagels from here entirely more often than can be considered acceptable. I love all their bagels but I tend to go for: whole wheat with vegetable cream cheese, vegetable with lox cream cheese, or cinnamon bagel with apple raisin cream cheese. mmmm.

They also have pizza bagels which make me super happy.

Because they open at 630am I can even get there before work, win!
Moving here to the East Coast over 4 years ago, I quickly learned how much of a big deal bagels are here.I've tried them in New Jersey and New York, and witnessed the wonders of bagels. I soon realized how difficult it is to find good bagels in Philly. Well, I'm so glad to have found this place! I don't want bagels often, but when I do, this place definitely hits the spot. I

South Street Bagels does a great job of making my favorite--"everything bagel."  My personal favorite is the Lox special. It's probably the most expensive thing on the menu there ($8.95), but definitely worth it. The capers are a must-have with this. The cream cheese is tasty and the Lox tasted pretty fresh.

The sesame bagel with cream cheese and jelly was good as well. They have a variety of toppings and you can just pick and choose what you want on it. 

The service was good and quick. It's a small place, so no where to really sit, but it's a cute place with culture like a lot of small shops in south Philly. Will definitely be back!
Ever since my work has moved to the other side of South Street, this place has been a God send! Bagels baked on premises and right out of the oven fill transparent shelves, the staff were more than polite and courteous, they are downright friendly (I know, in Philly thats a rarity) and the shop, while small, is very neat and orderly.

PROS
- the bagels are fresh fresh fresh! These are the best bagels in Philly (NYC transports, you will be happy
- they have many different types of bagels
- many different types of cream cheeses 
- the service is great and the staff is super friendly and accommodating
- the coffee is pretty good

CONS
- this place is perpetually busy so be prepared to have a bit of a wait (but that is due to the fact that this place is GREAT)
- the seating area is pretty small

TIPS:
-This place closes in the afternoon everyday so make sure you get in early enough
-if you are planning to use your card, its a $5 minimum
-they actually also have pretty good lunch (a la sandwich) options too, try them
Fast, efficient, friendly on a Saturday morning. I can't say these bagels compete with what I'm used to having grown up in nj, but they make up for it with cool flavor choices and reasonable prices.
Best bagels I've had in Philly -- though only a 4 because while it's as good as Philly gets for bagels, it's still all relative to every other city that has better bagels. But waiting in their line on a Sunday morning reminds me just a bit of my years in NYC.
Had a bagel from here for the first time today! I was so hungry that I did not stop to take a picture...lol. I had the veggie bagel with egg and ham. All I can say is yum yum yum!!! Bagel was nice and soft (don't like toasted bagels...I'm a weirdo like that...lol). I've never had a veggie bagel so I was a little apprehensive but it did not disappoint my taste buds!!! Very good, friendly, and fast spot!
I grew up eating bagels from Manhattan and was excited to be living 2 blocks from Hot bagels. I have been here a handful of times,  every time I get everything with sausage and cheese toasted but my bagel sandwich is always dry and the bagels are too small and way to salty ( can't taste everything ) . I don't get my bagels from here anymore.
I eat A LOT of Everything bagels. And I think that South Street Philly Bagels makes my favorite one in the city so far. The veggie cream cheese is delicious, too!
I will start this review by saying that these are the best bagels in Philly, and the closest you'll come to finding NY and NJ style bagels.  Nice variety of bagels and spreads and you have a good chance of getting still-warm bagels most of the time.  They get their lox from Cherry Hill, so you know it's the real deal.  The bagels are made the right way, too - boiled - and are the way to go if you're craving bagels in the City of Brotherly Love.

Points lost because they do not fry their own eggs for egg sandwiches.  Having worked in a bagel shop before, I can honestly say it takes the same amount of time (or less) to fry an egg on a grill and slap it on a bagel than to heat up those godforsaken frozen egg rounds - and it tastes way better.  Next time I go I may ask them to actually cook an egg for me.  We'll see how that goes.

Also, too much salt on the everything bagels.  Everything bagels are supposed to be about the seeds and the garlic/onion.  Salt has no business there.  And this is Philly; if you want salt on bread, go get a soft pretzel.

You can expect a line and a short wait here, but that's nothing unusual for real bagel shops.  There are large ovens constantly in operation so it will be hot as Hades in summer and nice and toasty in winter.  The staff is friendly but busy.  Don't mistake this for rudeness; a breakfast or lunch rush at a bagel shop is nothing to sneeze at.

Overall, if I lived closer to this place I would probably go more.  For right now, it's worth a long walk or a bike ride every 6 to 8 weeks, when the bagel craving becomes too intense to bear.
Best bagels ever. Not very many bagel shops to chose one but that's ok because this place takes the cake. So good ! Always so nice. Never messing up orders. Love it !
South Street Bagels could claim to be a spa... 

Upon walking into the door the temperature raises about 20 degrees, and the humidity opens ones pores.  Rather than lavender, however, the air smells of delicious baked goods, most noteably the 'stinky bagels' such as everything, onion, and garlic.  While this may not relax the senses, it sure does excite my tummy for some awesome breakfast!  My trusty standby here is  either:

1)  a whole wheat everything bagel and either cream cheese with a small coffee
2) a sundried tomato bagel with egg, cheese and a slice of tomato with mango orange nantucket nectar and a coffee.

Standby order #2 has seen some progression over time.  It used to be a fresh egg, a ice cold piece of cheese, and a tomato that wasn't quite ripe... or was over ripe... but for some reason i always loved it.  I also haven't ordered stanby #2 in a while because it was my ultimate hangover cure... and I haven't been drinking as much.  Gettin' old...

Anyhoo... this place makes some amazing bagels right on the spot that will quite literally blow your skirt up.  They have a wide array of cream cheeses that are amazing.  Be prepared to wait a bit- the crew behind the register sort of lacks urgency, but they're always super-nice (ish).  They also used to have a low fat cream cheese that used cottage cheese in it.  That was probably one of the best things I've ever had, but they don't use it anymore.  I could see how not everyone would have been on my team about that.  The texture was a bit weird, but I was diggin' it.

All things considered, i love this place.  I used to live a block away.  Now its a nice treat when I'm passing by.  Yummy!
These bagels are everything right with the world. Almost -- dare I say it -- on par with North Jersey bagels (honestly the only reason to ever venture to that part of the Garden State, ever). 

So many different flavors of bagels and cream cheese varieties, you could try a different combination every day and never run out of ideas. Everything bagels (plain or whole wheat) are fluffy, perfectly seasoned and amazing toasted with plain or veggie cream cheese. If you love sweet stuff, the French Toast bagel is a meal in itself. Highly recommend the newest flavor, honey pecan cream cheese. God, I could go on and on. 

Moving one block away from this place was probably a very dangerous idea.
South Street Philly Bagels is where I go to get bagels in the city. 

That being said...

...every time I've been here in a party of two or more, with at least three bagels ordered - there has been a mix up. The egg and cheese on whole wheat somehow becomes an egg on everything and the cinnamon raisin with cream cheese is not toasted, when it should have been. It just gets all kinds of mixed up. I popped in today for a salt bagel with scallion cream cheese and the guy took my order, walked right away to fill it, but had to come back after 30 seconds and ask me again for my cream cheese choice. 

As long as you don't mind getting the wrong bagel with the wrong contents - this place is good cheap and easy - walk in/walk out in about the same time it would take you at Dunkin' Donuts - only with a better product in hand. They have every type of bagel and every type of stuffing, whether cream cheese or lox or egg or chicken salad. 

If you are particular about getting what you ordered - just make sure you are particular in ordering (speak slowly, clearly and look the server in the eye), and ask him or her to repeat it back if you notice a glazed look in their eye.
Service was slow and the bagels were bland and the eggs seemed to be prepared in advance sooooo Nope.     Also the coffee was pretty ick.
I searched far and wide in philly for some flavored cream cheese (is this not a thing in philly?) and I finally found it here! Most joyous of occasions!

you cant go wrong with ANY of the bagels.. Absolutely delicious. They arent so large that you feel overwhelmed eating them.. Just a snack-size. I might be biased but I've had new york bagels and these taste darn same.

I tried both the sundried tomato spread and the jalapeno spread (separately of course) and they are both ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. I can't wait to come back here soon when I get over some of my cream cheese guilt.

Con: Not a huge place, there is a small bar as a sitting area so it's more to drop in and grab something.
I could eat the whole wheat everything with lox every morning. I don't. But that's only because they have so much variety, you could seriously have a different bagel/topping combo each day of the month. And you should. Because they are amazing.
I think this might really be the only *real* bagel shop in the city. They have a great selection of bagels and tons of different spreads. Always reliable. I'm not in love with their egg sandwiches, but I'm really picky about that. Definitely try their lox cream cheese :)
It doesn't matter how great your bagels are if your customer service is garbage. I ordered delivery from here through Caviar. After spending almost 30 dollars on bagels they didn't send over the sides of cream cheese I paid for. YUM! Nothing like dry bagels in the morning. I called to attempt to rectify the situation only to be told "take it up with Caviar". Interesting. They're just the middleman. Homeboy on his bike didn't rifle through my order and make off with the cream cheese. YOU neglected to include it in my order when it was sent out so I'm not entirely sure how that's Caviar's problems. The bagel sandwich was great...but I didn't even finish the rest after my experience with them was enough to kill my appetite. You've made a detractor out of me. Congratulations.
I would give the bagels themselves four, maybe five stars.  Each of the flavors I've tried have tasted great and had just the right amount of spongy  softness.  If you want toasted, try asking for double-toasted, as just one toast doesn't do it for me.
This shop unfortunately falls short elsewhere.  The coffee is terrible (thankfully there's great coffee next door).  The cheese that they use for breakfast sandwich bagels is meh.  And not much in the way of seating.  Still, a great place to grab a quick and delicious bagel.
Always packed on weekend mornings! 

Pretty solid bagels, good variety, in addition to the standard flavors. 

Lots of options for spreads and toppings and sandwiches, etc.

Also have coffee and iced coffee. 

Great pricing, pretty cheap for a decent bagel!
They drowned my bagel in so much melted butter I could have almost eaten the soggy mess with a spoon.  Also, while I was standing waiting for the bagel, I watched them open a gigantic bag of frozen fried eggs.  Pretty gross.  Still, I believe I have had their bagels from Whole Foods and they have not been bad for transported from a bakery bagels.
Last June South Street Philly Bagels catered a wedding brunch for my newly married daughter and son-in-law.  In the hussle-bussle of activity I think I forgot to write my review.  Lesley, in charge of catering, did a wonderful job helping me choose the bagels, cream cheeses, white fish salad, lox, rugelach and cookies.  Her dad (the owner) actually came and delivered everything the morning of the brunch.  Everyone loved the food and it was fun getting to meet Lesley's dad.  Great catering!  Thank you for making the brunch so tasty and wonderful!
The everything bagel was pretty good, but it had big chunks of salt on it, like a soft pretzel.  Not a big fan of that.  The service was great, although they were fairly busy for a Thursday mid-morning.  They have a $5 card minimum, but the cashier ran it through for me anyway, even though my total was around $4, kindly telling me that next time I'll need to make it over $5. 

Their various cream cheeses are delicious, but whatever you do DON'T ask for it on the side! They only give you the tiniest container! If you just get the cream cheese on the bagel itself, they really load it up!

On return visits, I've had the bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. It's so good! Now that my favorite bagel place has closed, this place is my fallback.
I love, love, LOVE their bagels! 
Chocolate bagel, toasted with butter. 
I want to eat one now as type this.
This place has deteriorated incredibly. This used to be our go to spot for bagels in Philadelphia - we would drive across the city specifically to go here bypassing other bagel venues along the way. Not anymore. The eggs were gross and manufactured, the bagels had ketchup sloppily slathered and oozing out the sides - our order was wrong (neither scooped out nor toasted despite it being written on the order form). Very disappointed and we will not be back. Careless service  is a disgrace to the proprietors.
Yes, you can get a decent bagel here.  They also supply the two Whole Foods markets in town so if you like the bagels there you will like the SSPB.  My biggest peeves are that 1) The counter staff is frequently surly.  Not outwardly rude just not friendly.  2) They recently renovated the area in the front and put in a little bench but no table to rest your coffee and bagel on so that one has to eat out of their lap.  Why bother have done any renovations?
I don't, but I probably could eat here every day. I could also probably have their lox special (lox, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, capers, and red onion) everyday and never get tired of it. Although it seems other would disagree, I really like their iced coffee, and I always get good service. They also have an interesting selection of bagels, which I always think about trying, but I always end up getting poppy seed. I'm still not sure if it is a good or bad thing that it's so close.
You can get a decent bagel at South Street Bagels. They don't skimp you on the cream cheese and the bagels themselves are a good size and fluffy. My everything bagel was a bit too salty for my liking, but that was solved by knocking some flakes off. In the Philly bagel game, South Street is average. Their bagels are better than Spread, but not as good as Knead.
You don't know a good bagel sandwich until you have been here.

I'm a fan of any nova lox sandwich. Spicy artichoke cream cheese is awesome.
Less reviews that I'd imagined. Probably because this is for the locals.

Really delicious bagels. Cream cheese is great too.

I had a special called the Joaquin Phoenix and it delivered. Delicious bacon and salmon with jalapeño cream cheese. 

Highly recommended for breakfast.
Ordered and not surprisingly received the wrong order. I know that bagel and lox would be difficult for a bagel place to pull off correctly. 45 minutes later I received a refund. Nothing like ordering a bagel, getting the wrong order, having to call 3 people, wait, then not eat the wrong order. I'd like to add that I ordered an actual plain old menu item, drove away, get home, find the incorrect item and then have to like argue with them about this. I didn't even modify it. They just put the wrong order in the bag and made it my problem.
Best bagels in the city, love their everything with salmon spread.  Prices are fair and everything is made super fresh.  No need to toast it because they're that fresh.

Skip the coffee there and trek across town to La Colombe. 

Oh, there is nowhere to sit as well!
Searching for a good bagel is tough.  Philadelphia makes that search even harder.  South Street Philly Bagels is the only strictly bagel shop I can think of and they do a pretty good job at it...for Philly bagels.  I appreciate the varieties which include a peanut butter bagel and a sun dried tomato bagel, and the bagel accessories section which includes like 10 different flavored cream cheeses, hummus, veggies, eggs, etc.  I even frequent this shop at least twice a month BUT, honestly, I don't think they're fantastic by any means.  The flavors are all there, but I find their bagels to be too chewy, and kind of hard to get down - like a sponge or something (if that makes any sense).  I'm giving this review 3 stars because I still think they're better than anything else you can get around here and they're fun to eat on a hungover sunday, sitting on the corner of south st. while you people watch, but save your carb-fest for when you take a trip up to NY.
The bagels here are delicious, as are the breakfast sandwiches. I usually get the sesame seed bagel with scallion cream cheese. So good. Although they do really lob on the cream cheese. I always have to take a knife and scrape some off. The breakfast sandwiches are neat (I loathe a messy breakfast sandwich) and very tasty. On weekends it does get crowded and on the steamy side. This places also takes debit/credit cards, which is a plus when you spent all of your money drinking the night before, can't find an ATM and all you want is something to eat to make you feel less hungover.
My trusty yelp app lead me here when I was in the area and craving a breakfast sandwich. I went with egg & cheese on an everything bagel.

Pros:
Fresh, soft bagels with just the right amount of chewiness. 
Lots of bagel variety
Quick and friendly service despite the fairly long line at the counter
Reasonably priced

Cons:
Everything bagel was a little too salty 
Limited seating (a counter along the front window that seats 3 or 4 people) - basically a take-out place
I love this place. It is definitely becoming a weekend ritual. My favorite is the everything wheat bagel with either BLT + jalopeno cream cheese. That cream cheese is sooo addicting. The bagels remind me of NYC though not 100% as good but close enough for me! The whole wheat everything bagel is the way to go as other bagels have always left me regreting not to stick with my usual go-to. I definitely recommend eating them freshly toasted and trying the jalopeno cream cheese and/or BLT at least once to treat yourself to awesome flavor and some crispy bacon.

You can call in orders if you want to speed things up a bit but it still gets quite busy with long lines. Customer service is fairly friendly as they can get quite bombarded. They also have coffee and other fresh drinks such as cider.
I'm a local so I am here all the time. This place has everything. There is not a flavored cream cheese they don't have. .Bagels are always fresh. Even have (my JERSEY favorite) PORK ROLL. French Pressed Coffee, you name it. 

It's always busy because you know they're on point with everything as everyone notices- but the line will go extremely quick.

My favorite: Buffalo Chicken Spread On any Bagel- Sounds crazy, but it's mouth watering for a hot damn breakfast sandwich.
Sausage, egg and cheese on an Everything bagel, toasted, and sub slice of cheese for veggie cream cheese. Hangover cured.
If you live in the area, or stop into the area on the weekends, I highly recommend stopping into SSPB for a quick breakfast-- something along the lines of an egg and cheese on one of the many incredible bagels. It's quick, it's yummy, and it's local.

They also have Israeli newspapers, if you want to practice your Hebrew while you indulge.
This spot proves you can find good bagels in Philly.  After a night of drunken shenanigans I woke up needing something hot, greasy, and cheap.  Breakfast sandwich?   Yes please!  Egg and cheese on an everything bagel was just what I needed and it did not disappoint.   Fresh and hot with perfectly melted cheese on a bagel that was loaded with seeds and a sprinkling of sea salt.  I was so impressed I went and picked up a dozen bagels and some cream cheese (apple cinnamon raisin, veggie, plain).  On top of the good food service was top notch.   Staff was friendly and moved quick.  Nothing beats a NYC bagel but this joint is pretty solid.
No no no no no no no.

What a terrible Saturday.

My boyfriend and I dragged our hungover asses out of bed and down to the Society Hill/Queen Village area to do nothing but apartment hunt, in the rain, for five hours. 

Sick to our stomachs with leftover booze and the fear of our ending lease ahead of us, we stopped at South Street Philly Bagels for a belated breakfast.

I got what I always get at bagel places- toasted Everything, lite chive cream cheese, slices of cucumber and tomato. Extreme, I know.

Anxious to pull the sandwich out of the wax paper and into my mouth, I took four bites before I really noticed the bagel. Bready. Too much salt. Not enough chew. The chive cream cheese looked and tasted like it was made with dried chives, not fresh. And the veggies? I paid an extra 75 cents for one slice of tomato and three very, very thin pieces of cucumber. 

The worst part about it? We still don't have anywhere to live May 1.
We eat here at least once a week. We always get the same thing. There breakfast sandwiches!!!! There eggs are big and FLUFFY!! And there bagels are FRESH and DELICIOUS Everyday  Not to mention they make their own cream cheese! 
We also buy a dozen bagels to take home and freeze. They are still amazing when we defrost them.
They just opened their second location, I believe in Center City. We wish them the best of luck
Yumm! I'm from NY and thought these bagels were awesome! Loved the cinnamon sugar bagel with the cinnamon butter
my favorite bagel spot! nothing beats a big, fresh bagel! my personal fave....everything bagel with jalapeno cream cheese!!! also, try the veggie sandwich and the special buffalo chicken if it's available. i come here regularly. the staff is super friendly and i'm hooked!

oh, and it's not on south street. its on third street, just south of south street. don't let the name fool u! lol!
If I show up at a restaurant that says "open every day, 630am - 4pm" on the door before 4pm, I, understandably, expect to get served. Instead, upon arriving at south street Philly bagels (at 340pm) I was told that they already closed and rushed out of the building. I've heard great things about the place - it's a shame I'll never be returning to find out whether they're true.
i love their bagels but today i ordered two dozen bagels for someone's birthday at the office and when i went to pick them up learned they weren't sliced.  i asked about it and they said slicing them costs extra but they weren't interested in doing that even though i offered to pay. The place was empty.  Not even a thank you when i left.  I mean they sell bagels. You can't slice the bagels?  I've never bought a bagel that wasn't sliced in half from anywhere in the history of time.  Even the frozen things at grocery stores are sliced in half.
I have been here a few times now for bagels. The bagels and bagel sandwiches are great, but the setup of the place is so frustrating. If they changed that, it would be a homerun. I have tried a few different bagels as well as a few different sandwiches, and they have all been really good. This time around, my fiance ordered a poppy seed bagel with pesto cream cheese and a tomato and I ordered a sausage egg and cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel.

Good bagels are hard to find in Philadelphia for some reason, but these are the best I have found so far. They offer a wide variety of bagels, cream cheeses and sandwiches, which is always a plus. The pesto cream cheese on my fiance's bagel was good, but it could have used a bit stronger flavor. THe flavor was there, but it just needed a little more of that basil punch. It paired well with the tomato though. My sausage egg and cheese was very tasty. The egg to sausage ratio was perfect. Sometime you get too much of one or the other, but equal parts usually seems to work out best. It was just big enough to fill me up and destroy the hunger that lied within my stomach.

I frequent this place and will continue to do so. Its a solid option and until something better comes along, this is the star of the Philly bagel scene in my book.
Bad experience. Bagels we're okay, but the people running the store have horrible attitudes. Find somewhere else to get a bagel, they're not worth your patronage.
Okay, I happened to be going past the New York Bagel bakery out on Haverford Rd. at City Line Ave., and I now agree with other reviewers that NY Bagels is superior to South Street Philly Bagels. If I were to be ordering bagels for an event, I would trek out to City Line Ave., even though South Street is 6 blocks from my place.
