tried the amazing, notoriously good lamb tacos.. one question, have you had a lamb taco before? I have because I went to this place and it was tender, not too gamey.. pretty interesting

the only thing is it could've used a little more salt for the meat.. but indeed a good one that you have to try if you're here

you stand in line and order, get a seat outside and they'll call you to go inside the restaurant to pickup your food, and then you'll help yourself to condiments and carry your food back outside to your table

Enjoy

The End
As an avid fan of food documentaries, South Philly Barbacoa has been on my radar for some time. Cristina Martinez's story and the immense love she has for the food she cooks was truly touching and the more I learned about her, the more curious I became about the barbacoa. But I happen to be one of those odd weirdos who doesn't like tacos very much (yes I know, go ahead and judge). Although it took me a while to stop by, I finally did and I'm glad I did.

I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon - a little after the lunch rush - and there was barely any line. The menu was relatively simple and straight-forward. My company and I ordered the famous Taco Barbacoa and Taco Pancita. Maybe it was my low expectation, but I thought the barbacoa was really delicious. The lamb was tender, moist, and properly seasoned. Although I typically prefer flour tortillas, I thought the corn tortilla that was served with the barbacoa was beautifully crafted and fresh. Taco Barbacoa was so good that we went back in line to order another taco. 

Make sure to bring plenty of cash, as the restaurant is cash-only.
It's true, I followed the yelp crowd shortly after this spot was featured on David Chang's Ugly Delicious, but let's be honest, the guy's got a good nose for amazing food and this little mom n pop shop is currently the best in Philly!

Must try: lamb and pork tacos, pork-dripping soup (must ask in advance)
Meh: Veggie tacos
Missed out: Quesadilla and fresh juice

In detail, this establishment sits quietly in South Philly, surrounded by Italian restaurants and meat shops, so it's really easy to miss, however, if you start looking for a guy manning a huge fresh fruit station, then that's where the entrance will be. As you walk in (assuming it's not already packed with patrons), you'll see the owner chopping mounds of meat (separated by lamb and pork) and plopping them on freshly made corn tortillas (fresh from the kitchen) or in a paper sheet and weighed by pound to be enjoyed as a make your own taco method. There's no menus, no direction, you order either by tacos or pounds of meat, and you take the food to the tables and put your own toppings. I will state off hand that I loved the atmosphere, and it's been a while since I showed up to a restaurant, completely thrown off my game and had to see what orders people are shouting to figure out the flow.

As for the tacos, they were amazing. We (the two of us) ordered 4 pork and 4 lamb tacos and tried out the veggie taco and finished it off with a pork-dripping bean soup and homemade apple bread. It's hard to state which one was better, as both were different and beautiful in their own manner, so I think the best advice is to get at least two of each. The soup was sooooo great, and you can see the giant bubbles of fat dancing on the top of the bowl, tantalizing you with its aroma before making your blood pressure and cholesterol level regret your decisions. My only advice is while the meat tacos are divine, the veggie one paled in comparison.

I will say that while these weren't $2 tacos, they were totally worth it! And definitely come before noon, cause you'll be standing in line for a quite a while before a seat can open up!

Food: 5 stars
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Wow! Flavorful, awesome, authentic, juicy, Tacos!! I went w a large group for TDT (TOUR De Taco!) this was our first stop and I decided to try the stomach taco and it was awesome and filled w flavor. You walk up get your taco add your fixins and eat. It was one of the best tacos I've ever had. I loved this place and will be back. Don't be afraid to try something that sounds different here bc you may be surprised by how great it tastes- I was!!

They have limited options but everything is fresh and delicious. You then have a vast array of sides to put on your tacos. I prefer lime, onion, cilantro and some hot sauce. Be careful not to go overboard and drown your delicious taco with too many toppings. 

Viva Tacos!!!
I first learned about Christina from Chef's table on Netflix and was immediately drawn to her and her compelling story. I just couldn't pass up the chance to go to her restaurant when I was in Philly and believe me, I'm so glad I did!

If you decide to make the trip to South Philly Barbacoa, make sure that you come early or are ready to wait in line for a bit. Believe me, the wait is more than worth it! Parking can be tricky in this area, so aim to be early. The restaurant is tiny, but when you get in, you place your order, pay (cash only!), and they seat you after that. It was so amazing to see Christina chopping up the barbacoa by hand, and she is so friendly!! She even offered us a taco as soon as we walked in! Once we got seated the food came out quickly, we purchased a kilo of barbacoa for our group of 4 and it was the perfect amount. The order came with lamb and pork, as well as some toppings - onions, cilantro, chilies, salsa, and limes, along with freshly made corn tortillas. The lamb was cooked so perfectly, and it was so incredibly flavorful!!  Everything provided with the tacos complimented the flavors so well. You can really tell how much care and detail goes into making the food here. If you're ever in the area, this place is an absolute must!
The lamb tacos are so tender and succulent that I regret getting just one. Gotta go all in! I stopped in for lunch on Saturday, and despite the line, my friend and I received our food within fifteen minutes and scored a small table to dine-in. The lamb tacos don't need any accoutrements, just a smattering of cilantro and squeeze of lime - the meat flavor was so outstanding to begin with. The pork taco was okay - a bit dry, and could have used some toppings but they ran out of guacamole & other sides and never re-filled the bowls. 

Cash only, $4 a taco, fresh squeezed juices & consomme are the only other menu items (the piña juice is soooooo gooooood). 

Skip the pork, fill up on juicy lamb instead!
Barbacoa was named one of the 10 best new restaurants in America by Bon Appétit magazine.  Having been there I know why.  The have the best tacos I have ever had in my life. Seriously.  There are two types of tacos on offer here - barbacoa lamb & pork.  When you receive them, you then go to a fixings bar to add what you what would like to the tacos.  They offer guac, pico de gallo, and much more.  The day I was there I overloaded my tacos with a pumpkin cream sauce that was totally awesome.  The only other item served is a Mexican consommé which is also very good.  It all seems so simple ... but it is all def so delicious.  The owners are very friendly and the guy (originally from Cyprus) working the front room was very pleasant and interesting to chat with.  Barbacoa is easy to rate - five stars!
Wow. This place meets the hype hands-down. First off - I love the neighborhood south Philly Barbacoa is in. It's a super authentic and interesting street.

They are juicing fresh fruit outside of the restaurant and when you walk in you can see them pulling out huge chunks of Pork and lamb Barbacoa that's protected by cactus leaves.

We ordered a half kilo of the mixed lamb and pork. I think this is the best way to eat their tacos because they come with a fresh pile of tortillas, cactus salad, jalapeños, fresh onion, and cilantro. It also comes with two bowls of consommé, which was incredibly delicious and one of the highlights.

While we were waiting for our food, the man preparing the meats made a fresh taco for me with just the pork meat. It was insanely good, and an experience for sure.

Each item that came to our table was so simple but so perfectly executed. The pork and lamb Barbacoa was outrageous. The fresh corn tortillas were amazing. The hot sauces at the table were perfection. Nothing could have improved.

I will never come to Philly without wanting to come back. Easily one of the most satisfying and delicious meals I've ever had, all for $35.
South Philly barbacoa is a absolutely the best taco joint in all of Philly. This place always have a line wrapped around the building. I happen to be in the area around closing time and to my surprise there was no line! I had literally just finished eating lunch but couldn't miss out the opportunity. Those are the best barbacoa tacos I've ever had! My favorite thing about this place is the owner.  She is extremely nice and caring. She was greeting sitting customers, giving us free dessert and cleaning tables. Such a nice humble woman. I encourage everyone to try south Philly barbacoa and waiting in line IS worth it.
Yes. It lives up to the hype.

I, like a ton of others, saw and loved Cristina Martinez's episode on Chef's Table. I love Mexican food to begin with so it was no brainer to check this place out when we were in the area.

Take note that South Philly Barbacoa is only open some days. Parking in the neighborhood is tricky street parking that's typically limited to a few hours with some lots nearby where you can pay to park for a longer period. You have to take a step or two to get into the restaurant and there are no ramps. I'd leave the strollers at home if possible. Space is limited everywhere. We wound up folding our travel stroller (with a super compact fold) just for more room. I saw diners coming in with large, spinner luggages and that was a hassle when there was an influx of guests. 

Bring cash! We ordered 9 tacos and three drinks. Our total came to $48. In hindsight, we should've considered the family combos more seriously because we were satisfied but not super full. To be fair, my husband can eat a lot and again, I love Mexican food. 

Visiting the restaurant was a little disorienting at first. We waited in a long line that moved relatively quickly. Our order was taken right outside the front door with the menu in front of us. Then we stepped inside and waited to pay at the podium. We then shuffled a few steps forward and waited for a server to hand us our plates of food. Finally another server would usher us to a specified table (they're numbered). You don't sit prior to ordering and paying.

The meat was amazingly soft. The flavors were lovely in their clear simplicity. The tortillas were something else. There was a little station by the podium that had bowls of veggies, onions, cilantro, lime, and free guacamole! All super delicious.
I can't say I've had tacos straight out of Mexico. Nor can I say I'm a taco expert. But hear me out...these are some of the best damn tacos I've ever had in my life. 

Like many others, I learned of South Philly Barbacoa from an episode of Chef's Table. Tacos aren't exactly a staple of the Northeast, just like Italian food isn't a staple of the Midwest, but...I'd love to see a throw down that includes these tacos against any other tacos in any of the 50 states. 

A few things to note here....

These folks accept cash only. You can expect to wait in line for a bit (it moves quick and it is worth it). They have a limited menu but all you should be ordering is the barbacoa and pancita tacos. 

Have you ever ordered a taco where the tortillas were made to order and hand pressed right before your eyes? Me neither, until I came here. 

The marriage of the tortilla with the meat, onions and your choice of red or green sauce is heavenly. Pair that with a Mexican Coke and you will be transported to another land, forgetting that you are sitting in the middle of South Philly's Italian Market. 

I've eaten many a taco since my visit here and nothing has come close to this in terms of quality. Five shiny red stars goes to SPB as well as my heart. I promise you, I will be back.
I only had one lamb taco. It was very well executed. 

Flavors were conplex and unique. Lamb flavor was pleasant, but not overpowering. 

The meat was fall-apart consistency.

The server was kind enough to sell me the final scraps of lamb even though they were technically saying they were sold out. It was awesome. 

The taco is expensive at $4 but they do stuff it generously.
I probably can't say anything that hasn't been said here. South st barbacoa was a delight! I went with two (hungry) friends on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered half a kilo of meat - half lamb and half barbacoa. We sat and were quickly presented with tons of delicious toppings, corn tortillas and the meat. The half kilo also came with 2 bowls of consume - we ordered a third. I liked it but honestly didn't need it, and preferred to fill up on the tacos instead! I especially loved the cactus and the lamb. 

The owners were super friendly! They also told us about the plan to essentially combine this with the Italian market location. When we finished all of the cactus, they immediately provided more. 

By the time we left, the tiny place was getting crowded. In fact, some people were just standing by the "sides station" eating their tacos. But that felt completely natural - this place is no frills, just delicious, authentic tacos. Looking forward to visiting the Italian market location!
Yes, I came to this place because I saw it on "Ugly Delicious" - however, the main reason I went was because being Mexican - I couldn't beleive there was actually a place where they had barbacoa, montalayo and consome on their menu.  One of my favorite dishes from Mexico!!! - I drove an hour and 20 minutes just to be able to eat at this place- and omg i am extremely happy that I did.  Hubby and I went on a Saturday and we tried to get there as early as we could.  We were talking to one of the servers and he mentioned that after 11 am the place is pretty much pack.  So we were glad that we were there early (9:30amish) you can buy individual tacos.  However, we opted for the "traditional" way and we ordered 1/2 of pound of mixed barbacoa (you can order just one type of meat but we decided that we wanted barbacoa and montalayo) - if you order 1/2 of pound - this already comes with two consoumes (soup) and tortillas.  So if you are two/three people this is perfect because you can make your own tacos and at the same time try the delicious soup.  To drink we ordered "atole de galleta" which is a masa-based drink and it is def a most try!!! 
As per service- everyone here is nice - you need an extra tortilla, they will give it to you, you need lemon, they will give it to you- anything else? Just ask :) 
I probably can continue writing on and on- and everything would be positive.  
Five starts - no doubt
South Philly Barbacoa rose to stardom after being featured on the TV shows Ugly Delicious and Chef's Table, but I don't understand the hype behind this restaurant at all. 

We came on a Saturday afternoon and the line was out to door (as usual, because this restaurant is only open 3 days a week!) I noticed a lot of the customers were Hispanic and conversed easily with the owner, so I'm guessing that the food is pretty authentic. 

The ordering system was so confusing. We stood in line for about 15 minutes, but most of the people in line didn't know what they were waiting for. Turns out, you're supposed place your order at the front, pay, bring the order slip to the butcher, watch her slice the meat, get your tacos, load them up with toppings (including cactus!), and find your own seat. The ordering system could definitely be stream-lined and then maybe there wouldn't be such a backlog of customers. 

I got one pork taco ($4) and one lamb taco ($4), and loaded both up with veggies, salsa, and cheese. The ground pork tasted okay, but the lamb was incredibly bland and gamey. Even the toppings couldn't compensate for the lack of flavor. I was still starving after eating the two tacos but didn't want to eat any more. 

I will definitely just go to Tacoria next time instead of coming back here.
Barbacoa taco (4.5 stars): juicy, fatty chunks, what more can you ask for? Freshly chopped onto corn tortillas

Pork taco (5 stars): this was almost like chorizo but was super juicy and tender, and we liked it more than the barbacoa!

There's a huge help yourself salsa bar on the side that's way more than just a salsa bar. Amazing fava and pea mix, nopales (cactus), and peppers, as well as guacamole and all the fixings for your tacos.

Consommé (5 stars): so savory, perfect for the cold weather. Comes with garbanzo beans and rice on the bottom. 

Horchata was not too sweet, not too gritty. 

Service: 5 stars! So nice! They explain everything to you even though it can get busy. They take your order, you get your tacos, load up on the fixings, find a seat.

Cash only
I am left speechless at this ma-and-pop restaurant, (or should I just say, "mama") but to sum up my experience: ¡fantástico! 
I learned about it by accident while binge watching Chef's Table on Netflix, and considering the place is walking distance from my house, I had to check it out.
It was started from a Mexican immigrant chef, and the history behind it is amazing (check out the episode before trying the food, it makes the visit even more magical).
I even bumped into the owner while there right before closing at 3pm on a Saturday, and felt like I was bumping into a celebrity - star struck! But I could tell she was so humble, and just loves what she does and wants to feed the neighborhood!

Now, onto the food...

My friend and I got everything on the menu- and it was all mouthwatering. I enjoyed the taco Pancita most (spicy sausage of lamb offal and turkey) which had the most defined flavor, but the veggie taco was a close second, since it was OVERFLOWING with cauliflower, peppers, potatoes, guac, and others I can't remember because I gobbled it up too quick. (And for only $3!)
The taco shells are from locally grown organic, non-gmo corn, and it really shows in the taste.
The Agua Fresca (fresh-squeezed fruit juice) of the day was Guava, which was spectacular with a subtle flavor and not too sweet (I don't believe there was any sugar added- a plus!)

The atmosphere is family friendly with authentic Mexican aesthetic, and the staff speaks Spanish (and I only know a little) so it was a tad confusing getting the food after ordering. 

Process: you get your tacos first from inside, self-serve from three home-made hot sauces, and add cilantro, onions, green peppers, and cactus, sit OUTDOORS and wait for your remaining drinks/desserts/soup in socially-distanced tables. Yay to excellent Covid-prevention measures! Hand sanitizer and napkins at every table. 

Will definitely go there again. If you live in or around the philly area, you NEED to try this place out, and then deal with the struggle of being tempted to go there every weekend following because the food is so filling, yummy, and reasonably priced.
This place was an absolute delight! So glad we came here for lunch. It's a super cute atmosphere with adorable bowls & cups. The staff are all so friendly as well. 

We ordered 3 lamb barbacoas tacos & 1 pork barbacoa taco. I took two bites into my pork barbacoa and it was then that it hit me. A huge wave of heat. Spice I've never tasted before in my life! I had no idea where it came from. After all, I only put in peppers, beans and onions in my tacos. Confused, I was determined to find what was the culprit. I removed the beans and still my mouth was on fire!!! Finally I tried one of the so thought bell peppers and my goodness were they spicy!!! I made the grave mistake of thinking that these ripe jalapeño peppers w/ their seeds inside were bell peppers!!! I could not taste anything anymore because my entire mouth was numb!

Word of advice, if you can't handle spicy food, then stay away from these peppers!!! They are not your friend! But before the spice hit me, the pork was amazing! So tender and well-seasoned. Delicious in every way. You order the barbacoas up front. They're $4 each and then you put whatever toppings you want on them. They come with complimentary chickpea soup with rice which is very flavorful as well. Additionally, the gentleman who greeted us when we first came into the restaurant gave us complimentary coffee and a refreshing watermelon concoction. The coffee smelled so good! Like cinnamon. 

We also ordered 3 tamales. The pork one was my favorite with verde sauce. You have to ask for sauces. Payment is pretty much whenever you want to. We paid after each item we ordered. 

If you want delicious barbacoa tacos, then be sure to come here & everyone is seriously so nice! Great food, great service & it's always busy
Best lamb tacos in the country, according to a magazine... and an award well deserved! 

Very juicy and tender meat, like melt in your mouth. $4 per taco and $4 for the soup.  They also make their own juices in house, which they let you sample if you're interested. 

People here are some of the nicest you'll come across in the industry!! Yes, this place is small with not much seating available, but it will not disappoint!
Featured on Chef's Table, Cristina Martinez' South Philly Barbacoa has been renowned by locals and foodies alike. The unassuming corner restaurant in the Italian Market district is immediately recognizable by its line out the door, even early on weekend mornings. The exterior features brightly colored columns and characteristically-South Philly mosaic patterns. Inside, an open-kitchen concept is pushed against the wall to the right, while three-long tables are squeezed toward the left. At the front of the line is a small podium where you place your order (cash only!), before scoping out a seat. The tables are covered with vibrant, floral tablecloths, starkly contrasting the sunflower yellow walls. In the summer months, additional tables are set-up outside to enjoy the weather. Don't be surprised to share your table with other restaurant-goers -- even with the additional seating area next-door, the space is quickly filled.

My partner and I stopped in this weekend to try SPB again. The line was out the door when we arrived, but we only waited about 10 minutes. We shared the 1/2 Kg Lamb Barbacoa / Pork Pancita, along with a Tamale and Horchata. The meat was brought out, followed quickly by fresh corn tortillas, two bowls of chickpea and rice consommé, and an assortment of fix-ins. The melt-in-your-mouth meat was to-die-for. The lamb was pulled and hearty, while the pork is fattier and spicier. The consommé was robust with zesty spice, amounting to an essential cold-weather food. The pineapple-raisin tamale was flavorful, albeit on the dry side (it could've used a sweet salsa). The horchata is sugary and cinnamon-y, a great choice for a sunny day.

The combo was a more than generous amount of food to split.  At first, I still felt hungry after finishing, but as we got up to grab the subway, the food coma suddenly hit like a ton of bricks (or, more accurately, like a 1/2 kg of barbacoa).

At $36 for two, these might well be the most expensive tacos in Philadelphia. But you really need to try these tacos to understand that the hype is real.
I know other people have talked about the tortillas that South Philly Barbacoa offer, but it needs to be restated. They make their tortillas by hand, seemingly constantly. They're not reheated, they are fresh and delicious.

Also, it's the best lamb taco I've ever had in my life. The consomme is good as is the pork. But the lamb, that's the one I'm coming back for.
Yes. Just yes. 

I consider myself a sniffer-outer of cheap hole-in-the-wall taco places in Philly. This place doesn't quite have the same feel as a Veracruzana or a El Jarocho, neighborhood spots I know and love. At South Philly Barbacoa, you go up, order from a short list of a couple basic taco types (Barbacoa being what I went with). Then you turn around and are greeted with a ridiculous array of salsas, pico, guac, cactus, veggies and every other topping you could want to slather on your tacos yourself. I went too hard, and ended up with a set of structurally overburdened (but obviously delicious) tacos. There are other things on the menu too - consume being something I definitely eyed - that I'll be sure to hit next time. 

Downside: at 4 bucks/taco, it adds up for a big eater like me. 

Still, this place really does have a unique vibe amongst Philly taco joints, and as far as I'm concerned have the market cornered on this type of fresh, small batch, Mexican food experience. Shame that there isn't more competition, but SPB is pretty darn good as the one place I've found so far. 

Hell, I even sprung for horchata here, and I never do that. That's how much goodwill I had for this place after eating their tacos.
Truly the best! Just make sure you bring cash. 

We got in quite early so that we could beat the midday weekend rush, and were thanked for coming at that time. You walk in to a warm greeting and a view of meat being carved up on the counter. Grab the consommé, it's a great way to get started. We also ordered a few of each taco (pork and lamb) just to give them a try. Both styles were delicious and you can make them your own at the toppings bar (salsa, guac, pickled veggies, limes etc). A horchata to finish it off just as one should. 

During the warm weather they setup a lovely patio in the street where you can bask in the sun while eating your food, also a great way to expand the square footage. 

Went back in to pay and the owner told us to take a muffin as well. Let's be honest, we had already stuffed ourselves but there's always room for a corn meal muffin.
This place doesn't need my 5 stars - but my lord does it deserve it.  Such balanced, savory flavors with hits of brightness and keeping it simple.  It's just great food, executed beautifully and kept simple - 
Get there early.
This has to be my number one cheap eat in Philly. They serve up juicy tacos at reasonable prices. The taco meats (choice of either lamb or pork) are really unbeatable.

The taco comes with just the meat and you add your toppings at the counter.

If you're here with a party of four or more, order half a kilo of meat instead - this way you get the meat with refillable taco shells and toppings.

If you're in a party of six to eight, order a whole kilo of meat which comes with the same, plus four bowls of consomme! Yum.

Also, props to the very friendly owners who welcome kids too.
They serve lamb tacos, pork tacos and lamb soup.

Very juicy and very tender meat, condiments were self service.  The soup has a slightly acidic taste that compliments the gamey taste of the lamb soup very nicely.  I'd recommend trying 1 of everything which consists of 2 tacos and a soup. $4 per taco and for the soup.  They also make their own juices, we tried the freshly squeezed strawberry juice and it was probably one of the best I've had. 

Staff were very friendly, restaurant is a bit on the smaller side, don't expect anything fancy. Solid food and solid service, will be back!
CHEFS TABLE SEASON 5. I mean hello, do I need to say anything else. If you're in the area definitely go and check it out. I've added menus to the pics section! 
This place is not fancy at all. The food is exceptional and inexpensive . As for vegetarian options try their quesadillas! The cheese they use is amazing.
When my friend told me the tacos were $4/ea., I said, "F THAT." 

What he failed to mention was that the tortillas are made in house, the freshly slow-cooked, tender, juicy meat is cleaved to order, with care(so you won't end up with a 1:2::fat:meat mess), right in front of you, OR the assortment of house-pickled condiments you can dress your taco with.

There were also 3 huge glass jugs with freshly made juices (today they had watermelon, guava, and pineapple). The juices are made from whole fruits, not concentrate. The 4th jug was empty, but my heart suspects it was awaiting horchata 

The service is genuinely friendly, if your brain cells are struggling from the night before, don't worry- they speak English. And they have Mexican Coca Cola (and again- all of those fresh juices), as well as Pellegrino.

Well worth every dollar. 

The space is small and seating may be limited, but just grab it to go and sit by the fountain or in the shade somewhere. Definitely worth experiencing!
You'll recognize these folks as the brick and mortar location of South Philly Barbacoa, previously the most delicious food truck around. 

Must try items are the Barbacoa and the consome. 

The Barbacoa is tender, juicy, and full of flavor, as well as incredibly well priced. 

The consome is the sort of dish that I promise you'll have dreams about- perfectly seasoned, the right amount of meat flavor, and just enough rice to not overwhelm the dish. 

We love these folks and are so glad to see their success thus far- if you like Barbacoa and well priced food, you need to come here. 

Agua frescas are also always winners.
There are just so many positive things to say about this place with little to no negatives. I was fortunate to arrive at a time just after the lunch rush so I was able to get a seat no problem, however the establishment is small, I don't recommend coming to this place with a group larger than 4 in hopes to getting a seat (especially during peak hours).

The first thing that blew is away is the customer service. I was treated better here than my own home lol. The menu is small, with only two offerings for meat and a consumme (sweet desserts available on site as well), but both are done excellently and prepared right in front of you as you order. It's also great, because I am such a picky eater, limiting the menu to just their best is actually a plus. But for those who are picky and want variety, they have a do-it yourself condiment bar with different types of salsa, soft vegetables, guacamole and limes. You can make your taco just the way you want.

I will definitely be back again, the quality, service, assortment and location are all just excellent.
This is one of the friendliest spots in Philly. The staff will welcome you immediately and usher you to the back to try some samples and place your order. You'll feel like you're in grandma's kitchen, if your grandma is the type to stand around hacking away at meat with a cleaver.

The options on the weekends are lamb tacos or pork tacos. Delicious, fatty meat is piled on homemade tortillas, and a toppings bar is set up at the counter so you can pile on onions, cilantro, peppers, cactus, and hot sauces. While you're at it, try the soup (lamb drippings, beans, rice) and whatever fresh juice they've got that day. Try it all. In fact, just stop reading this and go right now and order everything. You won't be disappointed.

Hours are 5am-5pm on the weekends so mind the clock. Cash only, but there's an ATM inside.
Finally I braved the line to have the lamb barbacoa here. It was a surreal experience. Like being in the Wizard of Oz with a tornado of activity, movie stars along the way (well sorta if you count Food Network personalities) and all kinds of obstacles along the way. Like asking three different people to get the Mineraguas we ordered including the wizard herself. Finally we got them after we completed our meal by an employee only to be asked where our ticket was for them (which was given to the first person when we picked up our long gone tacos). And our tacos were pretty devoid of flavor even with the toppings. Granted I'd be happy to battle flying monkeys to be rewarded with an Emerald City culinary experience, but the tacos did not deliver (cue the little man behind the curtain). Maybe Dorothy was right when she said "there's no place like home." But who knew she was referring to La Peña in Kennett Square?
What a little treasure. On the weekend they serve up their tacos that are out of this world straight form a hot table in the back of the restaurant. They are SO friendly and hospitable, and it feels as if they are welcoming you into their cozy home. Will be back!
I just don't get the hype for this place. I was in town visiting my little sis at Penn and decided to check this out after finding it on a list of best restaurants in Philly. I hadn't seen the Ugly Delicious or Chef's Table episodes at the time although I watched the latter after I went and will say that the chef's story is incredible. It did make me appreciate the place a little more. 

There was a line when we went but it moved fairly quickly. Maybe spent 20-25 minutes or so in line total. The ordering experience is WILDLY confusing, and the employees don't seem keen on helping. We were kind of unsure of where to stand or pick up food or really do anything the whole time, and the only instruction we were given was delivered as fairly curt commands. 

The tortilla is unbelievable which, after having seen the Chef's Table episode, now makes sense. However, the barbacoa was just okay? I didn't think it had a ton of flavor although it was very tender, and I found two small, sharp bones in the meat. It could have potentially even been a danger had I swallowed one mistakenly. They had some pickled veggies and salsas to accompany the tacos which were just fine. I ordered a horchata as well which was delicious and very flavorful. 

Glad I went, probably won't go back.
I first saw this restaurant on Ugly Delicious and was attempted to try, and now that i saw on Chef's table, my bf and I are on this "checking out the hype" spree so we have to give it a go. 
I arrived on Sunday noon, the line is long. I waited for 40 mins, and entered this chaotic restaurant. Before I entered, a girl came to us and asked what we wanted without a menu. I mean if I haven't done my homework, how am i supposed to know what to order? I ordered $32 half kilo lamb (to go) 4 lamb tacos (they ran out of pork), banana bread, cookies, horchata, and tameles (i love sweet tameles, and they are rare to find in restaurants, but very unlucky for me, they ran out when i got to the counter).Then you pay, cash only, then you arrive and observe people assemble all your food together. 
So far, I rated it 3 stars, $32 for half kilo lamb, i thought this place was not expensive! 
We had our 4 tacos in this chaos, it is very good tacos, don't get me wrong, the meat is flavorful and amazingly tender, the fresh bar has the best cactus, and I can add as much as cilantro on top. However, I've been to couple "hole-in-the-wall" Mexican places that had amazing tacos that are hard to top, and those places get 0 exposure on TV. 
4 stars, top. I went during a super busy time, it was kind of chaotic and a lot of things ran out, I felt I was obligated to finish my meal fast so more people can come in and eat. The spices in the horchata was also very grainy. I was overall happy but a little disappointed. But remember that to go $32 half kilo lamb I got? I got a HUGE bag. SUPER HEAVY. 

On the way drive home, my still hungry boyfriend ate all the cookies and half banana bread, the banana bread is amazing, full of nuts with a hint of small apple pieces! The moment we arrived home and unwrapped that huge heavy bag, we saw all those things we saw on TV: the roasted lamb of course, lamb soup over rice, 12 tortillas, a box with chopped onions, cilantro, and lime wedges, a box with marinated cactus and onion slices, a box with marinated colorful bell peppers, hot salsa, and guac. They packed the entire fresh bar for us. Surprised and we suddenly understand why this place is so good. 
We shared the tacos with my bf's parents. They were very impressed that they asked for the name and address. Oh and we still had some leftovers. $32 dollars, definitely very cheap! 
Being Asian, I love this lamb soup, it reminds me of food at home, I ended up putting more brown rice,white rice, and cauliflower rice in it and ate that throughout the entire Monday. It was that good. 
Do not order the tacos, go directly for lamb by kilo, it comes with everything! 

This is a restaurant I would love to take my parents to when they visit from overseas. Christina's story is an inspiring one to tell, the food is amazing, there is a hype about it, and it is cheap. This is the kind of food that everyone can associated themselves with, it is nothing pretentious, everyone can appreciate this without having any knowledge of gastronomy. And I am sure if I visit during a less busy hour, it would be much nicer. I know I am going back there at 9am next time.
I have not seen ugly delicious before coming here and almost stumbled upon this place by happy accident. I would have never choose to eat a taco in an Italian market place but I think it's the best thing there. 

We serendipitously went into a store on south street and the worker told us to try this famous taco place that has a line around the block. We explored the Italian market in the late afternoon... most things were closed but we spotted the Barbacoa restaurant with a short line in front of the door. 

Ben was actually outside taking orders ( didn't know who he was because I saw the show after going here). He was super friendly and took our order. Unfortunately the lamb Barbacoa was sold out already and only pork was left. 

Tortillas were made in house. Condiments included jalapeños and carrots and cactus!  As well as onions salsa and cilantro and lime. The pork tacos are so tender that the meat is almost like blended. Not much you need to chew. The meat was delicious. It has this incredible fatty rich flavor. I added a lot of lime to cut the fatty flavor but it was delicious.  It's cooked overnight I think that's why it was so tender and flavorful.  Staff is very friendly as well!
If you want to know more about the story of this restaurant watch the Chef Table episode on Netflix titled Christina Martinez. 

Story aside, this review is just based on the food. Being in the southern PA my whole life I didn't even really understand what real mexican food was until I visited San Francisco, there I ate food I had never experienced before. I had an even better experience at south philly barbacoa. 

I normally don't even like corn tortillas, I feel like they are like the rubber dots we would use in gym class if not heated up but these tortillas are out of this world. I have never had a better corn tortilla. 

The only barbacoa ive ever had was at chipotle and thats just like shredded beef. This is something completely different. As a middle eastern guy, I have eaten a good amount of lamb in my life. Never has lamb tasted better in my life than in one of these tacos. 

Been there 2x already excited to go a third!
Every bit as incredible as we had hoped it would be. First visit, we got a lot -- pork tacos, lamb tacos, quesadillas, sweet tamales, and consommé. Everything was great, but those lamb barbacoa tacos really stole the show, as you'd expect. They're pretty much perfect, from the meat to the incredible corn tortillas to the toppings (which you put on yourself -- I tried all of them, but ended up sticking to just their hot red sauce by my last couple).

I'd probably skip the quesadillas next time (they were fine, just not as special as everything else), but we'd get everything else again -- my wife can't stop talking about the soup, and the tamales are a great dessert. 

We will definitely be back.
It is said that Good things come in small packages. Never more true than SPB. Hands down the best Barbacoa north of the rio grande. Tiny dinette style seating but the food roars out the gate with lamb and pork tacos that are succulent and generous. A lamb broth soup that was a meal on its own. Add fresh squeezed OJ and a mex-italia proprietary coffee blend and you have a memorable meal. 

Remember - the tacos are only avail fri- sun. Otherwise posado sandwiches ( which are also spectacularly good) .

Riba riba, undalay!!! Go - you won't regret it.
I'm one of those Netflix Chef's Table watchers who had to try the best barbacoa in America -- luckily for me, I'm from the suburbs of Philly, so I only had to beseech my Chinese-American mother to drive the 45 minutes to wait in line in the cold for "tacos." (Mexican food is not something we ate a lot of growing up.)

I went with my brother and sister-in-law and we got greedy, so we ended up ordering 3/4 kilo of the barbacoa (mix of pork and lamb) as well as three drinks: two of the atole (warm corn drink) and one cold horchata. Both drinks were really, really good. The atole was rich and creamy, sort of like an eggnog without the funky taste (or like a warm horchata but with corn-taste instead of rice); it also wasn't overly sweet, although the richness precluded drinking the entire beautiful mug. The horchata was really lovely as well -- not too thick and full of great rice-y flavor.

Now onto the good stuff: the barbacoa. The pork -- fatty, a little spicy, crumbly and rich. The lamb -- tender and piping hot, just a small amount of that lamb gameyness, perfect in my humble opinion. They also provide unlimited warm tortillas, as well as really great toppings -- pickled veggies, cactus, minced onions, etc. It was the BOMB. The consomme was rich in flavor but not thick, and warm and spicy, although I found the chickpeas and rice a little on the hard side -- I felt they hadn't been cooked with the broth?

Overall, we had a GREAT time. Don't be put off by the lines -- we waited less than 15 minutes at 1pm on a Saturday, and had our order taken by the Woman Herself! Total cost for 3 people plus copious leftovers: $55. Definitely worth a check out!
Love, love, love this little spot!! I came here not knowing what to expect. First, once you enter, you'll need to walk over to the back to make your order. And then, once you make your order, they make the tacos in front of you while you wait. I'm not the most knowledgable in regards to Mexican tacos, but I felt like the folks over there were very patient and hospitable. They explained everything to me. Once I got my food, I was asked to sit down. From there, they asked me for my drink order and asked if I wanted some soup. I got the shredded pork taco, and the shredded lamb taco. Those were the options for the day. I also had the fresh honeydew drink and some soup. Wow!!!  The food was fresh and amazing!!!!  I never had a taco that fresh!!!! But the star was actually the soup!!!!  The soup was a work of art!!!!  So tasty!!!!!
This is really a five-star review for the food, but I had to deduct a star because of the disorganization of the restaurant. I'm sure this place is a dream when business is slow so you can enjoy the full experience, but now that it's had incredible (well-deserved) press by Bon Appetit magazine, it's a bit bewildering when busy.

I walked into a completely packed restaurant. There is no menu or general order to the restaurant for lunch. I was told to go to front to order where servers and patrons are squeezing past each other by the tiny counter to order and serve food.

When I finally got to the front, a nice regular explained to me what to do in english and I got two lamb tacos and one pork. Because there weren't any open tables, soup and other options were out of the question (mostly because we didn't even know about them- again, no menu). I loaded up my tacos at the crowded toppings bar, and then went outside to eat my meal on the sidewalk.

The lamb tacos were godliness. Really just top-notch. The pork was pretty good too, but the lamb really stole the show to me. My fiance went back in to grab a drink (which we totally missed in the ordering process since we didn't get waited on at a table). The horchata was delicious. All in all I'm glad we stopped here for extremely tasty meal, even with the kinks.

Finally, I know some will probably turn their nose up at a $4 taco. But to be fair, you get a good helping of high quality, authentic, flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth meat. If you wanna go cheap, go to Chipotle and get a sad cold chicken burrito.
Cristina has such an amazing story and she is truly a heartwarming person. And I promise I am not saying that just because her food is incredibly delicious! 

Ever since she was featured on Chef's Table, the line has grown - but the food speaks for itself. If you go, definitely try a few different taco flavors (I had lamb and pork - both awesome, enjoyed the pork slightly more! slightly fattier and juicier), the lamb soup, and do not miss the sweet tamales! 

I have never had anything like them. I actually asked Cristina about them and she told me that they are made of sweet rice flour, with raisins and pineapple, but you don't necessarily taste an overwhelming flavor of pineapple - mostly the subtle fragrance of the rice cradled in the sweet corn husk, creating a wonderful aroma that fills your tastebuds and warms your soul...words cannot do justice. Stop reading and get in line!
For a place that is now world famous (darnit), they are hella efficient and friendly. I felt like I was in a musical where you go to a restaurant and everyone is genuinely having a blast, making tacos. You stand in a tight intimidating line to order from a friendly man to stand in another line to get your barbacoa. We got barbacoa and pork, which they put on the tacos and laid out toppings for us to help ourselves. We also ordered the tamales, which was the best I've had. I also really enjoyed the barbacoa because it was pleasantly spicy. The soup was delicious as well. What stood out to me was how friendly and sweet the owners were to us. I could tell they had a genuine love for what they do. Their love was experienced in their food and evident in how the staff was so calm and pleasant among the chaos..the whole experience only took 30 mins for me and my friend to go in, sit down and eat! I am definitely coming back again.
this is Legit. I drove from NY just for this and it was a hit (except for the lines) 

The place is small if you look from the corner but once inside, it seats about 30 people and they move fast.
Placed the order and while i waited, i got a free taco to try.
They make the tortillas in front of you and while chitchatting they say they make about 3000 tortillas each a day and there were 3 making them. Thats a lot of tacos man. Usually, until they run out of meat.

Barbacoa, for those that dont know, its a way of cooking lamb on a pit or  clay oven. Its rare and very time-consuming thing to do. As a fact, i haven't seen it done in over 30 years..

To the food. 
The chorizo + lamb barbacoa are the way to go. They come with a corn soup and other sides, about 20 tortillas and the meats.

Please give yourself time to appreciate the art, its lost at these quick taco joints. The Chef, Christina is a master at this and she proves it with her food. 
Nothing fancy here but everyone loves to come and eat at this location.
Came here on a Sunday for lunch around 1:30pm. The place was so packed it was really difficult to navigate our way to the back counter. All tables were taken and it was really confusing whether there was a line for customers to sit or order food. May this review serve as a warning that the place is incredibly small! We had to share our table with other customers, but this was a trend happening at all tables. At least everyone is understanding and willing to share their space. Despite the hassle and confusion I felt a welcoming vibe from the employees. 

The tacos and the consume are $4 each. The taco is served in a very plain manner however there is a condiment station with guacamole, cilantro etc etc which is what really gives the tacos more of a flavor. It allows people to build their own tacos at their preference. With a soup and two tacos I was satisfied. I've been to many taco establishments and I must say the tacos were great but not the most memorable. I guess I had really high expectations based on all the 5 star reviews. Is it a place I would visit again? Definitely! But this time without my search for the best tacos on earth and without me seeking to compare them to other taco places I've visited and loved. Overall, it was a yummy lunch and if I am ever in Philly I will definitely try to fit this place into my travel schedule.
There is a lot of hype about this place so let me cut to the chase: South Philly Barbacoa deserves every single bit of it.

The lamb barbacoa is cooked overnight. The consommé is made from lamb drippings and stock made from the lamb bones. The tortillas are made with heirloom corn imported from Mexico and grown in Lancaster County. The chef-owners are on the spot, serving up incredible barbacoa three days a week, starting early (5am!) so Mexican immigrants can get an authentic taste of home to fortify them for a hard day's work ahead. In addition to the lamb barbacoa there is an incredible spicy pork concoction which includes some of the most savory lamb bits (tongue, etc.).

The menu is simple: Lamb or Pork Barbacoa tacos, Lamb Consommé, agua frescas made from scratch (the Jamaica & Horchata are some of the best I've had in the U.S. or Mexico). You can order meat at a per kilo price which comes with tortillas, fixings and 1-2 bowls of consommé, which I recommend for groups of four on up.

Enjoy, savor, and come away uplifted. Highest recommendation.
If you haven't watched the Chef's Table episode on South Philly Barbacoa, I would recommend doing so...it was a great story and it was cool to know a little about Christina and Ben. 

That being said, here's my attempt at an unbiased review...

Came mid-day saturday, and the line was already wrapping around the block with inside seats all filled up. The line moves pretty quickly though, I only had to wait around 10 minutes. 

When you get to the front, chef Christina takes your order. The menu is pretty simple. Obviously get the lamb barbacoa tacos, which they are known for, as well as a pork taco and lamb consomme. If you're eating with a larger group, they offer family style options, where you can order by the 1/2 or whole kilos of meat. You pay immediately after giving your order, and it is cash only. 

You get handed your order on paper and it is a little chaotic after that. You go inside where there are different lines depending on whether you ordered family style or individual tacos, and your paper order gets passed around among the staff. Somehow though, you get everything you ordered. Toppings (cactus, peppers, onions, salsa) are in the inside, while drinks (they have really good agua fresca here) are outside. 

If seating inside is at capacity, there are more picnic tables outside and they have cover above so you'll stay dry if it is raining. 

Everything tasted good, but the lamb barbacoa taco was exceptional. The meat is tender and has excellent depth of flavor. Doesn't taste gamey at all - even people in our group who usually hate lamb found this taco to be delicious. The corn tortilla is among the best that I've had. 

Overall, on par with some of the better places I've eaten at in SoCal, and a Philly gem.
Featured on Chefs Table and Ugly Delicious (with James Beard nominations under their belt), South Philly Barbacoa made my list of things to try when in Philly. 

If you're interested in the lamb or pork tacos - the establishment is only open Saturdays, Sundays, and Mondays starting at about 5:30am. Having read that the lines can go out the door, the genius in me decided this would be a great place to try at 6am on a Sunday morning for breakfast. 

I can tell you right now, I pat myself on the back for this one. South Philly Barbacoa is one of the only signs of life on that street so early. While I was confident we were going to avoid the crowds, I was surprised to see that even at ~6am, the place, for lack of a better word was "poppin". There was a really good energy for how early it was in the morning and already, many of the seats were taken. Thankfully, the line was not out the door (yet) - and our orders were taken promptly. 

I love that they make everything fresh in front of you. We ordered the lamb barbacoa and pork tacos, consomme, watermelon fresca, and the sweet tamales. The fresh pressed tortillas are so good, and I think its really nice you get to put on your own toppings after they serve you your order. The guac is fresh, you pick your own limes, sauce, and there was even cactus! 

We enjoyed the lamb barbacoa it really delicious, melted in your mouth, super tender, and we would pick that over the pork, though the pork is a tad more flavorful. The consomme was rich in flavor and had a kick at the end. It wasn't my favorite, but it was very appropriate for a cold day and warmed us right up. I had never tried sweet tamales before either and this one had the consistency of cake almost like spongy, with raisin in it. It wasn't overpowering in sweetness and was just right to end our tastebud adventure with South Philly Barbacoa. We left extremely satisfied and would be happy to visit again.
Wow, I have no words for how incredible this place is! My friend and I were working a night shift at work that ended at 7am, so the timing was perfect to come here right after as there was no line. I was initially very surprised at how any people were there on a Sunday morning at 7:45 AM for breakfast, as I usually don't think of lamb tacos as breakfast food, but now I see why!

There were three of us, so we shared a family style half-kilo of lamb. It comes with the taco toppings - cactus, peppers, onions, and cilantro. The corn tortillas are sublime. I haven't had anything like these before. They were perfectly warm and extremely flavorful. The soup was equally fantastic as well and perfect on a cold morning. 

The ambience of this place is also very cozy and homey. The staff were all very cheerful and welcoming. For a moment, I forgot that I was in Philadelphia and not Mexico! I watched the Chef's Table episode they were featured in right when I got home, and it made me appreciate this place even more, as it is not just about the barbacoa but about family, tradition, and community.

If you are looking for a hearty, authentic barbacoa, this is definitely your place!
My wife and I went to Philly for a work event. Afterwards, she made it a point to go to South Philly Barbacoa because she had seen an episode of Chef's Table on Netflix that featured the owner and this restaurant, not to mention her favorite food is tacos (and since she's a Texas gal, she's grown up on her fair share of good tacos).

We ordered a HALF-KILO to-go. (Cool name, by the way.) A half-kilo comes with a half kilo mix of lamb and pork, 12 corn tortillas made on-site in front of the customers, diced cilantro and onions, and sides to die for (nopales, peppers and onions). I also like that they sent us out with two whole limes in our bag to cut up at home. The meat was moist and flavorful, the tortillas made us never want to buy store-bought tortillas ever again (though we probably will haha), and as previously mentioned, the sides were divine.

Though tacos happen to be among my favorite foods, sadly the area where I live is scarce with good tacos, and so it was a joy to go to South Philly Barbacoa and see what all the fuss was about. And the fuss is well-deserved, to be sure. If you're ever in Philly and you love tacos, this is a place you want to go.
The tacos here are good, but I'm not sure they are standing outside in the cold for 30-45 minutes good. The staff here was also kind of rude to us when they forgot part of our order. 
The lamb barbacoa was juicy and tender and made for a good taco. The vegan taco was a lacking in flavor. The quesadilla was cheesey, but again not as flavorful as I was expecting.
YOU GUYS!!! Hands down some of the best food I have ever eaten in my lifetime, I cannot believe it took me as long as I did to try it!

Friends and I came on a Sunday morning in the hopes of beating the brunch / lunch rush and the line was out the door, but moved quickly. The owner was personally taking orders and was so friendly and professional. We split a 1/2 kilo between 3 of us and it was the perfect amount of food. In addition to the delicious milk drink, I ordered a pineapple juice which was clearly fresh. Absolutely incredible.

Best of all was the service. The servers were incredibly friendly and efficient and clearly have this down to a well oiled machine. Will absolutely be back!
After watching the relevant Chef's Table episode and driving over from West Philadelphia, I was poised to like South Philly Barbacoa -- a lot.

We came at 1PM on a weekday and were lucky enough to find a parking space on Ellsworth not far from the barbacoa.  Amazingly, there was absolutely no line when we walked in the door.  The three of us ordered a total of eight tacos and one agua fresca.  We paid $40 in cash for our lunches.  (Credit cards are not accepted here.)

My lunch consisted of two lamb tacos, one pork taco and the agua fresca.  I live in the SF Bay Area, where the agua and taco standards are pretty high.  I thought that the cantaloupe agua fresca was A-OK but not as rich as what I can get at home.  The lamb tacos were ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS and justified the whole experience.  My pork taco was surprising to me both in its color and its taste -- there's nothing at home that I can compare it to, and I'm not 100% sure that I liked it.

When we left (~ 1:30PM), South Philly Barbacoa had a line out the door.  The staff (who were super-friendly, by the way), were doing their best to expedite the ordering process and ensure that people could get served without much delay.

To no one's surprise, the bottom line is that I did like this place -- a lot!  I recommend South Philly Barbacoa without reservation to anyone whose interest was piqued by the Netflix program and the surrounding hype.  More generally, I recommend South Philly Barbacoa, period.  I hope to return when I next visit Philadelphia.
Where can I start?! As a Mexican American raised in California and now living in Philly, I know my Mexican food. My Mexican mother whips up the most mouthwatering dishes and so I grew up eating the most legit of all Mexican food. I have to say that the food they serve here is legitimate and tastes like home cooking. There are only Mexican people making the food right in the open kitchen (which if you ever get a peak of a kitchen at any restaurant, it's Mexicans cooking your food too). They make their tortillas by hand right in front of you and chop up your meat to order. I had the owner, Cristina Martinez chop up my meat so I felt that my food tasted the best out of all my friends. 


I would like to note that the menu is limited and they have a few choices you can order from so don't come expecting to get whatever meat or food you want. I feel that it makes it more authentic that way. I ordered a pancita & lamb taco with atole (authentic corn based drink & so good!!) and my friends ordered the same and some consume (rich broth soup). The tacos are $4 each but PACKED with such delicious meat that the price makes sense. 

I would recommend a visit but come early! It's packed and they go until the sell out which may be well before their closing time!!
Nothing but MAD LOVE for this place! Where to even start? This place is adorable and tucked away in south Philly. The bright colors outside will welcome you, and inside the decoration is just lovely, but what really makes this place special is not only the delicious food, but the warm welcome you will receive.
This is a small family-owned joint, and the owners are absolutely lovely people! Upon entering, they explain the system to you: go up and order your tacos (you have 2 choices - barbacoa (pork) or lam), and then go up to the other table to order drinks and to pay at the end. The whole system is very informal - you go up and tell them what you've ordered at the end. It's a cash only joint, but there is an ATM if needed. 
As I cannot stress enough, the food is absolutely DELICIOUS. Now this is Mexican done well! The tacos are served to you without toppings, but there are a TON of super delicious and flavorful toppings for you to add on your tacos, including cactus, hot peppers and onions, guacamole, a pumpkin seed spicy sauce, etc...
Tacos are 4 bucks each but you can fill them with toppings and honestly 2 tacos will fill you up - 3 if you're starving and huge appetite. 
The staff are just so lovely, and each time I've come, the owner always brings samples to our table. She brought us samples of both the lamb and pork tacos (which were full size btw), as well as bowls of their soup (complimentary!!!) and a full plate of homemade desserts each time - complimentary!! Like where else do you know that they do that? 
They're open 5am-5pm - hard-working peeps! Go pay them visit - you won't regret it! 
P.s. Be careful with the hot peppers. I eat super spicy and I thought I was gonna die lol
I had stumbled upon this place months ago somewhat on a whim with my friend and had some of the best tacos I've had in my life. I had an amazing dining experience as well with the interior ambience transporting me from the south philly neighborhood taco joint to a little hole in the wall in a Little Mexican village with senoritas serving up delicious recipes acquired over generations. At that time, I got to meet the owner Cristina Martinez, who came and helped me order since I had a hard time communicating with the waitress who spoke Spanish only and gave me free baked goods at the end of our meal while also charging me less for the confusion despite my refusal to pay anything less than what it was worth.  

Little did I know then that Cristina would become such an overnight sensation with her episode of Chef's Table airing on Netflix as he first episode of season 5! When I returned it was flocking with tourists and was no longer that hole in the wall taco joint but a full fledged, packed family restaurant getting the national attention it deserves. As to be expected, Cristina was still there greeting customers with the same warmth and hospitality I had experienced months ago and her husband was there cutting up some seriously delicious lamb Barbacoa all still at a seriously reasonable, un-inflated price despite the overnight fame. 

Cristina and the rest of the staff at this joint are the classic example of an honest, genuine, and authentic taco joint that lets their passion shine through the food that they share. Whether you are a fan of Mexican cuisine or not I think that this has to be a go-to place if you are visiting Philly - it is the epitome of the cultural diversity that south philly has to offer. I love that you can grab a taco and walk a block or two and grab a cannoli right after!
After thinking about this place for a while now, we decided to try this place out. First and foremost, be prepared to be very rushed from the moment you get in line. We thought the line was for getting a table and their menu was no where to be seen except at the booth that we thought was the host booth.
We weren't sure the ordering process and the guy just said 6 tacos as we stood there? We froze not sure how big or how much but he kept rushing us with their menu taped behind him. So we just said yes.
We later found out that there were two types of tacos. The pork or the lamb. The didn't have a tamale to order because they ran out. So kind of rushed we got pushed in line and ordered two pork one lamb, at least we believe. 
Finally we get to put the toppings on ourselves, there's some cactus cilantro onion and grilled bell peppers. Only catch is that the serving spoons were mangled by every person walking in there and the silverware you obtained was dirty from the tacos dripping into the clean silverware.
The plates were regular paper plates and which didn't really add to the meal.
Well, we sat down and calculated-4 dollars a taco is quite high compared to the shop, the quality, and the size of the taco. 
Regardless, at this cash only joint, we bit into the tacos. They were a solid good, but after thinking about the unsanitary way everything was presented, I couldn't really enjoy the experience nor could I enjoy it because they were rushing us out. 
All in all, not my cup of tea
There are tons of reviews about the food, all of which should make you want to go here. Here are some logistics to help you make the trip. 

We went at 1:30 pm on a Sunday. There was a line of maybe 20-30 people but it moves quickly. We probably waited for 20 minutes to get to where you order. You order, pay (cash), then give your ticket to the person serving the meat. Once you do that, there was a person directing you to a table. All in all, a pretty organized process. 

You can order individual tacos ($4) or you can order family style. There are a few options 1/2 kilo (of meat) 3/4, and 1 kilo. They all come with the fixings and the tortillas and the hominy. 

They sell drinks too. Be forewarned that coffee comes sweetened. There is also a self-serve water station. 

There is street parking all around but it is pretty full so once you get within a few blocks, take a spot if you see one.
The food earns a solid 5-stars. I felt like I was back in Mexico on a weekend eating traditional barbacoa tacos from a taco stand. The tortillas are fresh and made right in front of you and the meat is tender and well flavored. The red salsa is delicious and spicy and the extra condiments to add to the tacos (onions, cilantro, cactus salad, and pickled jalapeño) are also very fresh. We ordered a 1/2 kilo of meat and were given the option to pick barbacoa, pork, or both. We picked both. It came with tortillas and all the tacos toppings as well as two bowls of consomé (soup). It was more than enough for 3 adults. We also ordered the quesadillas for the kids which were simple but perfect for the kids. We were really pleased with all of the food, it was truly a real treat.

The reason I didn't give 5 stars is related to the order process. We waited in line and our orders were taken at the door. We were then handed the check which we took to the cashier and paid for our food. Easy enough, but then things got confusing. We weren't sure at first if we were supposed to wait for our food or if it would be served to us because we saw food being handed out at the counter. So we waited for awhile, then we were finally told that our food would be brought to our table. The taco stuff was brought out but the other items were completely forgotten about. I had to ask multiple times for these items until we finally got them. I know it was busy and hectic, but I think the ordering system could be simplified and more organized as it was a bit discombobulated. 

All in all, the food was great and I would absolutely go back, I just hope they can find a better way to take orders and serve when the crowd numbers start to increase.
What a great experience! It feels like they have mastered the art of keeping it simple, and making more with less.

Is their menu limiting...yes, but can you find something worth trying...absolutely? They have an equal share of options that are vegetarian and meat. For meat, their main focus is on the lamb & pork tacos. I tried both, and felt that one was not exceedingly spicer than the other. 

You can appreciate though as you walk in, when it comes to meat, they are focusing on that one style of cooking (barbacoa) and usually only one or two meats at most. So all of the flavor, seasoning, thought into their menu and offerings is mastered on this. They have a little cart set up inside with all of the additives for the taco (peppers, hot sauce, onions, cilantro, etc.) 

These truly tasted spectacular. You could still taste that gaminess flavor of the lamb, but it paired so well with the spice and heat of which it was cooked with. 

We also tried the vegetarian tacos, which I thought were top notch. The base was heavy on collard greens, onions, mushrooms, but had the texture and filling to be satisfying despite it not being meat.

We ordered the quesadillas, which were just okay. They were pretty greasy, but FILLED with some sort of neutral tasting cheese. These tasted great dipping in their soup or adding hot sauce to them.

Lastly, we ordered the sweet tamales - this was a first time experience and they did not disappoint.  I could eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

The restaurant was empty inside due to covid, but you can tell it is full of culture, history, and hardwork. There are some cool photos on the walls, and bright colors with glass/mirror mosaics. 

Service was friendly and overall, our experience was fantastic.
Small cash only authentic taco spot. I'm not from Philadelphia so I never had the chance to eat at their food truck, but this place is fantastic!

They only have two types of tacos so I got one of each. Both were DELICIOUS!! There is also a little toppings bar so you can dress your tacos how ever you'd like. They have fresh juices too, but beware - the cup is very large (enough for 2 people). 

The owners are super friendly and welcoming. I will definitely come back next time I'm in town
Who can stop talking about this place and this woman??? Not me. I've gone more times than my stomach can count, going nearly every other weekend for almuerzo/brunch/breakfast for what might be a two years now? I love this place so much  and have brought a different person almost every time as I bring almost all my visiting friends here. The food is stupendous, the staff is friendly and superb, the place isn't pretentious but feels homey and cozy. Be ready for a long line here (which might be indicative in and of itself of the powerhouse this place is if you won't believe my rave review). Also FYI, it's cash only. Also pro tip: instead of ordering tacos, order by the kilo. I usually order a half kilo for 3 people, it's a much better bargain and the same food.

For the food, I usually get half pancita and half barbacoa. I know the name has barbacoa in it but I'm actually partial to the pancita which has chorizo too. It's sooooo good. For anyone who grew up eating barbacoa, it's really great but definitely a bit different from what I grew up with so it's important to keep in mind that barbacoa can vary sometimes and takes nothing away from the rich quality of this barbacoa. The tortillas are definitely a highlight for me. My family is in the food business back home and I grew up smelling masa and hearing the machine churn them out. Rarely will you find a place that makes their tortillas nearly from scratch as in they don't have Maseca or mix in the tortilla and is made straight from the corn - giving it a beautiful yellow color and rich taste. The tamales de dulce with pineapple are a great way to top off your meal with something sweet. Also, their horchata is the bomb dot com - great fresh complement to your meal 

Also, the people here... AMAZING. they are so kind and funny and attentive. People must feel like they've already been privy to Cristina's story and like they know her from her phenomenal episode on Chef's Table but I don't think people realize how truly kind she is until you meet her. My first time going there I didn't know it was cash only. I ordered and my stuff was ready and I whip out my card. I was so embarrassed when Cristina said we don't take card because they'd already made my order. So I start apologizing and Cristina goes it's ok, just take it, you can pay me whenever. I was shocked. This woman does not know me. So I quickly go next door and get some cash and bring it over. She was so surprised I came back so fast that she gave me free sweet bread. On another nice Cristina story, I had a friend once who had a bit of a cold when she went there for her first time. As she was eating, Cristina came over with a consommé she hadn't ordered saying it'll help her feel better. This woman is terrific. Each time I go she's super nice despite being really busy and on occasion will stop by our table to ask how the food was (my friend nearly died when this happened once as she is a huge fan). 

The rest of the staff is super great too and follow in her kindness. They'll often joke around. Talk with you at great lengths. I don't know his name but this one server always loves to kick it with us. He once sat down for a bit when stuff slowed and gave my friend from New York a bunch of nyc food recs. One of the other guys there saw us eyeing the tamales and gave us a free one to sample. (They're big on samples).
I don't comprehend how one can say things like "lived up to the hype" and "can't wait to come back" and give four stars. Get off your high horses. This place deserves five of five.

The barbacoa is great, but the pancita is the real prize. The consommé binds it all together so I highly recommend to order with tacos. Went there twice in three days. The protocol for ordering seems to vary based on how busy it is. On the busier day Cristina or an employee takes orders right at the door. Just say how many tacos and additional items you want and you pay, and she jots down your order and hands you the slip. Then you move to the serving station and tell them how many tacos you ordered and they hand it to you on a plate. On the less busier day, just walk up to the serving station and order tacos, and if you want other items (consommé, quesadilla, tamale, etc) just ask someone behind the counter/table and they will even bring it to where you are sitting.

If you are in a big group, eat family style by ordering the meat by the kilo.

You can pay on the spot or after you are done...they sorta operate on an honesty policy.

There are topping stations all over the place...diced onions, cilantro, pickled carrots, peppers, guacamole. Seat yourself wherever you'd like.
Was good to see that this place was full but maybe bad for me that I had to get my order to go.  And this more likely lead to my over ordering more than I needed tho the positive is that I had some fantastic leftovers.  I got 3 pork tacos and 3 lamb tacos filled with all the fixings from the side station along with a liter of the chickpea lamb consommé that I can sip on all day long. Went in to spend maybe $20 and gladly left spending $36 lol
Finally made it to the legendary South Philly Barbacoa after seeing it on TV and hearing from them on food podcasts. While walking home through the 9th Street Market, I saw that the line wasn't long and decided that it was the right day to give it a try. 

Got a 1/2 kg, which I now know is way too much food. But over the next few days we were troopers and enjoyed every last bit of it. Ms. Martinez herself said hello and handed us a sweet to go with our meal. She may do that for everyone (or maybe she realized they left it out of our bag), but I like to think that she did it just for us. ;)

Everything was wonderful: the nopales (a personal favorite--I really did eat cactus every day for lunch when I lived in the Coachella Valley desert), the barbacoa, the consome, the salsas. That cake she gave us was also really, really good. Moist and not overly sweet but sweet enough.

I'm not a big fan of lamb, but this could make anyone a fan of lamb. When I learned why she no longer serves pork (so that her Kosher and Halal neighbors could enjoy the restaurant too), I had to respect that.

The tortillas were a standout for me. I'd pay for a tortilla class with whomever makes those. But until that happens, I'll just wait in line to buy them here. Delicious corn flavor, with a perfect texture and pliability.
Overhyped? Maybe I went in with my expectations too high. I was expecting to be blown away considering they were featured on Netflix's chef's table and are James Beard award winners. There was a line but it went super quick and they have a nice cute seating area. The pineapple drink was delicious. The barbacoa was whatever in my opinion. Yes, it was super tender but I feel like the flavor was lacking. I enjoyed the lamb more than the barbacoa. Way more flavor in my opinion. Overall, not sure if I would go out of my way again!
AMAZING food - you feel like you're visiting someone's house and eating in their kitchen. I think it's cheesey to call things "authentic" but this place is the real deal.

Watch the Chef Table episode on Netflix titled Christina Martinez to get more background info. Even without the story the food will blow you away. $4 for a taco may be a little pricey, but you're definitely paying for quality over quantity at this place.

Also in an awesome area of Philly - take some time to walk around and check out the cool shops and stores nearby!
AMAZING!!! I am from LA and this is the best tacos I've had in NYC and Philly combined!
O.M.G!!! This is lieterally the reaction I had after having my first bite of the taco. Here is the thing about South Philly - you always have full access to all kinds of food and also the cheap authentic food. This restaurant has a very cute vibe - from its decorations to its personality. The owners take pride of their food and the waiters are super friendly. The food they make is just simply tacos, but they are darn delicious. I have tried lamb tacos, pork tacos, veggie tacos...all of them are so juicy and flavorful. The part I enjoy the most is they have a DIY counter at the back for takeout. Everything is freshly made and it totally blow my mind. If you love Mexican tacos, you will feel life is complete once you check this place out!! Bravo to South Philly Barbaco!!!
A group of 6 of us came here for Saturday lunch. It's very authentic that's for sure. House made corn tacos and perfectly seasoned meat we got the pork and lamb. They just slice pieces of meat and put them in a huge thing of foil and the tacos are in a basket with a cloth covering to keep them hot and ready. 

You can purchase one taco or a by weight. They also have freshly squeezed juice. They have 3 kinds and it all looks delicious. We also got soup and quesadillas. This is great place to try. I highly recommend.
This place was amazing. As a REAL Mexican originally from CA, living on the East Coast for 8 years now, it's hard to find anything authentic. I brought three friends and my husband to this tiny establishment and they all thoroughly enjoyed their tacos (including our vegetarian friend) and were impressed by the toppings. The owner was very accommodating and made our veggie friend feel like he had options.

The juices/aguas frescas were fresh and the cafe the olla was delicious. Make sure to bring cash!
This place deserves literally every bit of hype that it receives. From the authentic decor to the stellar food and inspirational owner (Cristina Martinez), I was completely hooked! I first became aware of this restaurant while watching Chef's Table. Chef Martinez's advocacy and immigration activism make her such a captivating and heroic figure, which extends so much deeper than just her food. That said, the food itself is so phenomenal that you may not even realize her depth of character beyond her recipes.

I actually planned an entire trip to Philadelphia on the basis of coming to try her authentic and famous barbacoa.

FYI:
- They only take cash, but they have an ATM in the restaurant
- There is a toppings and salsa bar available
- The line outside might be a little long, but that's because of how wonderful this place is
- They have restrooms inside
- The restaurant is right by Little Italy
If you're under the weather , try the soup, the lamb tacos are just amazing too! As authentic as you'll ever get , a true taste of Mexico!
Barbacoa made from scratch with love. I, like probably everyone else, was overwhelmed w/ appreciation for Chef Cristina after watching the chef's table and ugly delicious specials on her, their food, and the activism for immigrant rights she brings to the table. But, we're here to talk about food.

Key notes: 
 - get literally everything on the menu. 
 - go early 
 - don't be intimidated by the line, they move fast.
 - cash only. 

First things first, get an aqua fresca, horchata, or whatever the special of the day is from the juicery just outside the door. It helps pass the time as you wait in line and is fresh made in front of you. 

The barbacoa is obviously the namesake and worth her James Beard nomination. The chorizo is also amazing. They both are juicy and fresh, prepared right before you. Top both with the perfectly pickled veg, a healthy scoop of cilantro & diced onions, and the salsa verde (my fave) or hot sauce. 

If they have it, get the quesadillas with hand spun queso. It's the cheesiest thing you'll probably ever eat, and is fresh, rich, creamy, and unrivaled. 

Also, get the consome. It's a light chickpea and rice soup that warms up the spirit, made from lamb broth. It pairs perfectly when a quesadilla is dipped in it.

I wasn't lying when I said get the whole menu; it's affordable and worth it! When you're done, breeze around the Italian Market - it's a force to be reckoned with, super old-world style, and has a variety of niche-shops for all interests. 

Honestly, this place brings a tear to my eye with the care for authenticity they put into every aspect of their craft. I love you, SPB.
¡Holy crapamundo! You want to talk about authentic tacos? This is your place.

Nestled in a little neighborhood, South Philly Barbacoa is a beautifully colorful spot with friendly service.

Hop in line and order up your tacos, then top em off with a plethora of delicious toppings and three sauces to choose from (I went red and green and wasn't disappointed with either).

Now, while the barbacoa is freaking delicious, the lamb stole the show for me. Get one of each and choose for yourself.

Snag a bowl of consume as well; It's authentic and flavorful. 

Before you sit down to start eating, be sure to get a cup of fresh squeezed orange juice, too. It was amazing. They also had fresh squeezed mango and pineapple juice. 

All of the workers were really awesome and helpful.

You cannot go wrong at South Philly Barbacoa!
South Philly Barbacoa is a casual taco spot perfect for any occasion! The Barbacoa meat has so much flavor, a flavor I've never tasted before, and one that I want more of! The tacos were made fresh with an assortment of toppings such as cactus, peppers, carrots, cilantro, onions and lime, of coarse. You are given a plain taco and can add the toppings on as you like! 

It doesn't just stop with the delectable food, the environment was very exciting and I was proud to be there! Some off the staff you may recognize from TV specials like Chef's Table on Netflix. They are there, putting in the same passion and hard work they expressed to the world on TV. It was very exciting seeing them make the corn tortillas from scratch, that may have been my favorite part. I am very excited for the company and recommend paying a visit if you're in the South Philly/Italian Market area.
Having been featured on @netflix's Chef's Table (loved the story), I expected Cristina Martinez's restaurant to be packed with tourists. And since I was in the vicinity, I wanted to drop by to witness the throng. I did not expect it to be so quiet, but it meant I could have a bite of lamb (yay)! 

The barbacoa taco itself was pretty authentic - tender, non-gamey meat and a handmade corn tortilla (you can taste the difference). The garnishes tasted very fresh. I liked the consomme better, perfect for a cold day. But overall, I wouldn't say it was mind-blowing; it's equivalent to the tacos one can get in Mexico.
Was recommend this place by a co worker and did not disappoint.
If you have Netflix, watch "Chef's Table" last season and you will find this place. Was interesting to learn about Christina and her journey to America. Also how they make the barbacoa and tortillas.
Parking is all street and wasn't easy. Located on a corner so was easy to find. Inside isn't huge but there is seating. Open only Monday's and weekends. Also open at 5am, which I'm not sure who eats this for breakfast but hey it was delicious so I'm not judging. 
Ordered the barbacoa and pork taco. Not cheap at $4 each. You then give your ticket to the man chopping the meat and he puts it on a taco for you. You then can add different toppings there yourself. 
I can't explain how good the tortillas are! Obviously home made with awesome ingredients. The barbacoa is out of this world! I liked the pork too but a tad too spicy for my taste. 
Yes it's a little expensive but if you're in the area, do yourself a favor!
It's usually a good sign when you're walking down the street and you get in line for something before you know what it is. Sunday afternoon, around 1:30pm, the line wrapped past three storefronts. Mondays, around 9 or 10am are the time to come if you like your tacos in more quiet. 

The menu is a handwritten sign on the door- single tacos (choice of lamb or pork) or family style measured by how much meat (1/4 kg up to 2kg) you choose. Family style comes with soup, your own toppings spread and corn tortillas. 

The lamb is tender and moist, not overwhelmingly gamey. Tortillas are phenomenal. Incredibly soft while holding together enveloping the juices of the meat and sauces. I would squeeze an entire lime wedge on a taco: the acidity and pseudosaltiness pairs well with the fattiness of the meat. 

While in line and at the counter, many commented on how they had seen the shop's segment on TV, what drew them there. But there's an amazing sense of family coming from this place. Warm greetings to familiar faces, locals talking about how she needs a bigger place as they walk home from getting groceries. Great tacos, but I would return for that feeling of homeliness.
1 Kilo (serving for 6 people), mix of both lamb and pork - the Barbacoa was soft and tender......and the flavor of the pork was flavorful with a little spice to it.  The fresh, hand-made corn tortilla makes their taco also stand out.

While waiting in line, they also gave 1 free pork taco!

Would I come back? For sure

Service- was very friendly, and they were nice to give us more tortilla, guacamole and other side condiments when needed.

(Rating based on food only)
Our first stop when arrived to Philadelphia (the best city ever) was to Cristina Martinez South Philly Barbacoa. Line was so long, we knew that the place will be an explosion of flavors. 

Even though the line was so long, it moved pretty fast and we were sat immediately on a table for 7 people. The lamb and pork were flavorful, no side ingredient overpowered each other. Corn tortilla was the sweetest ever I have tried. Its thickness was the appropriate one. The pieces of lamb were outstanding, shredded in such way that it was hard not to make your taco huge.  

Quesadillas, nothing like the ones you eat in a TexMex restaurant. This is the real deal. I felt like eating in a Mexico City's street vendor. Every employee made sure that we felt and were taken care correctly. It is an amazing place to go because you will see Cristina Martinez going from kitchen to patreons and back to kitchen to deliver your plates.

Everyone was so great. I left a good tip because they deserve their top notch service. Thank you to our friends Phillip and Lily for suggesting this beautiful place full of great brotherly, lovable people. 

I give them 3 Ben Franklin busts (equivalent to 3 Michelin stars).
First time trying barbacoa, and this place did not disappoint.
With a 5 star rating on yelp + a feature on Chef's Table, there were some high expectations.

We came around 4pm on a Saturday - there was a line, but not out the door.
All tacos are $4, which I thought were pretty steep for Philly, considering we came from NY where this is almost the norm. They have 3 different choices - barbacoa (lamb), pork, or veggie. The tacos looked small, so we got 1-2 each since this was just a mid-day snack.

I LOVE that they make the tortillas right in front of you and are grilled to order. Fresh tortillas are actually one of my favorite things ever.
Hand your receipt to the lady at the meat station and she'll make your tacos. Don't forget to dress them at the station on the side with onions, cilantro, and sauce! 

Between the lamb and pork, I liked the pork better. The barbacoa was definitely super tender and juicy, but I'm not used to lamb in a taco and the taste was a little strong for me.
The pork had more spices in it, but was just a bit too salty. Get one of their drinks or bring water.

There's another room with more tables if you can't find seating in the first room!
I don't live in Philly but South Philly Barbacoa might be THE place I keep coming back to when I visit. The menu is very simple: pork or lamb tacos, which are some of the BEST tacos I've had in my life!! The tender, juicy meat just bursts with flavor. The toppings include diced onions, cilantro, and pickled cactus & carrots. 

Other highlights from the menu include Hibiscus Tea (from the juicery outside) and Consome (chickpea and rice soup in lamb broth). Wow, the soup is soothing and heartwarming for the soul, perfect for the chilly day outside. 

A few tips: the place is cash only. And also, don't be intimidated by a long line during the weekend because it goes by fairly quickly. 

Highly highly recommend this no frill, neighborhood-favorite, taco place.
I had heard of this place even before it was featured on David Chang's Ugly Delicious but never found the time to attempt and beat the long line. Finally, I decided to wake up early on one Friday but before that there was confusion in terms of their hours of operation. Please refer to the schedule I attached to avoid any confusion - it comes straight from their front door. 

We went 830am on a Friday and although the place was still packed, we thankfully did not have to wait very long in line. This was the PERFECT time to come as I have heard of friends waiting over an hour. 

There was only one thing to get here and it's the best tacos in Philadelphia period. The Barbacoa Tacos come with a fresh corn tortilla that you can top with whatever salsas, vegetables, and herbs you want. We ordered the Familia Style for 3 of us and had to order extra tortillas in the end because of how much we enjoyed it. The consome soup served is a delicious lamb broth that is a bit spicy and I could drink it all winter.
You guys, the secret five star dish? The TAMALE! This was, by far, the best dish between the Barbacoa tacos and the pork tacos. 

The tortillas are delicious and everything was great, but these sweet tamales - packed with pineapple and raisins and only $1 - totally stole the show. Everything else is four stars and these are five. 

Another tip - go close to closing time, so around 330pm on the weekend and there won't be a line. And please, order the tamale and then message me about it.
I watched the Chef's Table episode featuring Cristina and decided to check this spot out. The documentary was great cinematography and her story was moving. Lines are incredibly long if you don't get there early but it does move rather quickly. We opted for a half kilo of Barbacoa, aqua Fresca and horchata. The meat was incredibly tender and it came with fresh condiments and consomes. The seating is family style. This is a great way to experience authentic Mexican food. I also got a chance to meet Cristina!
Cristina and Ben are terrific human beings: they are warm, giving, supportive, and trusting. And their food is delicious!

Along with amazing hand made corn tortillas, we feasted on chicken with mole, ground pork, lamb, corn and zucchini served in a green chile sauce, cauliflower served in an orange cheese sauce, fresh strawberry and tamarind juices, which we mixed with tequila. What more can you ask for in a meal?
Incredible place
I'm originally from Mexico City.

This place not only matches the original barbacoa from the center of Mexico I can assure its better.

And the service is outstanding, price is very reasonable.

Only recommendation if you want to go is go early, and be prepared to take dije time to find parking space
I was there like a month ago, and yesterday, the food is delicious and is the only reason for the 3 stars, but the owner seems very friendly on the documental on Netflix, but in real life, she is rude, and they're very unorganized, I noticed that wasn't only me, but other costumers were so confused, I don't get the way they serve their food, I work as a server and the way she talked to us wasn't the nicest way. I hope she'll take some vacation or some days off because I think she's very stressed. I might comeback, but not soon, I really felt disappointed the way this lady talked to us, was disrespectful.

I'm glad that you're having 700-1000 servings, sounds good, but honestly that has nothing to do with the way you treat people. You should be more polite, the food is awesome, but the service is awful.
Holy mother of tacos. That's right, you heard me. The mother of tacos. Food that you will always remember & forever worship. Come to think of it, I actually came on Mother's Day!

Waited in line outside while it was around 50° out, rainy & windier than a giant sneezing in Spring. I only had a thin jacket on because I was not expecting cold weather in Philly since it was 80 the day before. Frozen & waiting in line, I watched people devour their food from outside & wondered "when will my time come?" Well that time eventually came & let me tell you, it was well worth the wait. 

The tacos were PHENOMENAL & that's coming from someone who has had the luxury growing up eating Mexican food in California. I'm kind of a taco snob now & I've tried sooo many tacos in the east coast & this is definitely Top 2 favorite tacos I've EVER had in my life. 

My mouth salivated & I watched the man chop up my taco meat with a butcher knife. Then I got to dress it up the way I liked -- a bunch of onions, cilantro, pickled cactus, & pickled peppers & carrots. The red sauce is good, but the green sauce is to die for!

My absolute favorite thing though was the consome. Not sure if it was my favorite because it saved me from the cold, but it was sooo amazing. Delicious savory lamb broth with chick peas & rice. Simply amazeballs. I could eat a gallon of that stuff.

The pineapple & raisin tamales were decent. A bit dry, but it was worth it especially for $1.

Horchata was AMAZING & so was their Mexican coffee. I like to add a little horchata to my coffee.

Aside from the food, the staff was amazing & the service was quick. I tipped them $15 because everything was memorable. I was so obsessed, I almost ordered 10 tacos togo so I could eat tacos while watching Game of Thrones.

Definitely DEFINITELY coming back here, hopefully sooner than later since I live in New York.
One of the best meals I've ever had. I can't believe how lucky are we to have this queen from Mexico serving us the most incredible barbacoa. 

My girlfriend and I came for lunch on a Monday holiday and the line was out the door but surprisingly moved pretty quickly. 1,000% worth the wait so don't be intimidated. We ordered 1/2 kilo which was perfect for us because it fed us hungry hippos easily with some leftovers to spare. The order came with lamb and pork, homemade tortillas, and consommé. I can't tell you how perfect this was on a cold day. The tacos were so delicious, tender, and flavorful. Pictures cannot really do this justice; it looks like a simple taco from the outside but the depth of flavor really is so complex. 

The whole place is incredibly soulful. Thank you to Cristina and all of the staff for gracing us with your love and your food!
Really great and authentic taco spot in south Philly. Personally, I liked the pancita taco more than the barbacoa taco because it was more spicy. The broth is good too, but what stuck out to me the most was the pancita taco. Definitely recommend this spot to anybody looking for a different and more authentic taco experience.
Ever since watching Chef's Table season 5, episode 1, Christina Martinez's corner taqueria, South Philly Barbacoa, has been atop my list. Her featured episode on the acclaimed Netflix series dives deep into the rich history of preparing barbacoa. Martinez details the barbacoa making process in a way that not only pays homage to her roots but also makes you feel as if you're part of the spiritual preparation alongside her. It's almost as if you can smell the burning leaves, the citrus from the orange and the juices of the lamb as it slowly cooks in the pit. The passion behind her words when she describes her love for food and her culture tells you all you need to know as to how delicious her food truly is. It's been about two years since I watched her episode and I finally made my way down to Philly this past weekend. To my surprise, she was standing right in the front of the house taking orders and I can't lie, I was a bit starstruck. We ordered a little bit of everything: 3 tacos de barbacoa, 3 tacos de pancita, 1 consome and 1 order of nopales. When I tell you these are the best barbacoa tacos on the east coast if not the entire country, they absolutely are. The Netflix special, other TV shows about it, the articles etc don't do justice to what Christina Martinez is serving up; the food is absolutely spectacular and a MUST try for any legitimate food lover.
Watched Chefs Table and am so thankful they featured this restaurant. Flew in to Philly today and my first stop with friends was for Barbacoa tacos. My favorite is the lamb - slow cooked - so flavorful. I already want another one. I had the consommé as well but I didn't eat it right away so I feel like I didn't get the full effect of delicious but it was yummy. Rice, garbanzo beans, flavorful broth with a bit of spice. The pork tacos are spicy in a great way. You put your own cilantro, finely chopped onions, hot sauce (red and green). 

Line was out the door at 11am on a Saturday. I went to the larger location in South Philly. There are tables. I enjoyed sitting near the tortilla making. 

Love this place. When I lived in the area 10 years ago I couldn't find a decent taco. Now this place is here and it rocks. They deserve all the accolades, recognition and good reviews.
Amazing tacos and drinks! I read that this place is one of the must-visits in Philadelphia. Yeah, that was so true. So glad to try this place. We walked about 40 minutes to try this place in the morning from our hotel, and everything was so pleasant and lovely- foods, people, and street views. Philadelphia is so beautiful.
I was looking for a good taco place in Philly (I spent a summer in Texas eating A LOT of tacos) and I think this is a good one! The corn tortillas are delicious and made fresh, and I like that the toppings are all spread out, self-serve. We ordered

+ taco barbacoa (the barbacoa is more intact than the kind that I'm used to, which is shredded and more stringy. But I loved that the meat was so tender and just fatty enough)

+ taco pancita (this was my favorite. It was so well flavored!)

+ tamales (I'd never had sweet tamales but these were a delicious dessert! They're light and fluffy, almost like a sponge cake, and there is some sweet filling and raisins) 

+ horchata (I think it's really well done here, not too cinnamon-y. A very refreshing sweet drink) 

I will definitely be coming back! The line was long when I came for Saturday lunch around 12pm, but it moved quickly and the food was definitely worth the wait.
the lamb was incredibly gamey, my wife nearly puked. I felt the same getting a whiff as i was eating but not so averse. However, receiving a very bland cafe de olla was very disappointing. It was like a watered down Maxwell house with a hint of orange, sugar, and spice. Nothing like I had had elsewhere, or even here once before. If your out, your out...plain and simple don't slap together a monstrosity, I'll come back as long as what I get is good.
This place is so legit - I'm drooling just thinking about the food. Omg. 

Got a Barbacoa (lamb) taco and a pancita (pork) taco. Usually I don't like lamb, but this was SOOOO good, and I actually preferred it over the pancita. Both are $4 which are really pricey, but I think very well worth it. 

They let you top your taco with various toppings - there were the typical onions, cilantro, grilled onions and peppers, but there was also CACTUS!!! Omg that was so good. I highly recommend you try it! I also wish I could just buy the cactus and take it home and put it on top of everything. Also got the sweet tamale - which was alright. It's only $1, so I think worth a try!

I also got the strawberry agua Fresca, which was delicious and refreshing. It reminded me of the strawberry kiwi smoothies my mom used to get me at the mall when I was a kid. Also it's only $2!

If I ever come back to Philly, I definitely wanna come back. But I would prolly get the 1/2 kilo of meat (comes with 12 tortillas) for $32! What. A. Deal! It says that it feeds 2-3 people, but I can see it feeding 4 too (if you're just moderately hungry)
How good is South Philly Barbacoa? So good that I waited in a line that was almost half way down the block for it. I ordered a 1/2 kg ($40) and it was enough to feed 4 people (mind you my friends are not hungry teens/frat bros, so my portion size is not to scale). 

The meat was tender, well seasoned, and so succulent! It came with 12 warm corn tortillas, soup, and garnishes to assemble your own tacos. It was amazing, *chef's kiss* amazing. I almost don't want to give this secret gem away, because the line is already long, but I love this place and it's hospitable atmosphere (which I can't believe is possible in the midst of the pandemic). But I highly recommend for authentic tacos! :) you guys are doing amazing!
