DO NOT EAT HERE! DO NOT EAT HERE! UNSANITARY! DANGEROUS TO YOUR HEALTH! Was that enough to get your attention?

I came here to get take-out lunch at around 12:00 PM on 7/1/2011. I stood in the window order area waiting for my food and watch, TO MY HORROR, as the chef took the tongs which he was using to pick up EVERYTHING and hung them OVER THE SIDE OF THE TRASH CAN.

These tongs were used to pick up all meats (lamb and chicken specifically) as well as topping (lettuce, onion etc...) At one point he took them OFF OF THE SIDE OF THE TRASH CAN and plunked them DOWN INTO THE LETTUCE BIN.

I have taken photographs of this as evidence which I will upload here to Yelp in a moment.

DO NOT PUT YOUR HEALTH AT RISK BY DINING AT THIS DISGUSTING ESTABLISHMENT.
First time trying a souvlaki and I was pleasantly pleased :)

This is a great lunch spot for you to grab something on the go. It is very hot inside and there isn't much seating. I love that they even have a to-go window so you can just stand on the streets and take a look around while they finish up making the food.

The ingredients tasted very fresh and the meat had a great charred flavor. There was a bit too much yogurt but it was still very good. Oh, and the warm soft pita bread is YUMM!

I'll definitely come back and try some of their other meats also.
I'm totally into SSS.  Good authentic Greek food.  My roommate is 100% Greek and loves this place.  They have take out or sit down, and you can't go wrong with either.  Sandwiches (gyros, kebobs, etc.) are only $6 and definitely fill you up.  Try the flaming cheese appetizer too... it's warm gooey goodness served with pita bread.

I like the no-BS attitude of the place.  The sign that reads, "Help Wanted: Experienced servers only, don't waste our time and yours" is classic.  So is "If you can't control your children, don't patronize our restaurant" printed on the menu.  You get the feeling the owner serves great food and doesn't need to charm the pants off you.

Snag the table by the window if you enjoy South Street people watching.  It's a fabulous pastime.

P.S. Beware of the sneaky sodas - they are only $1, but no free refills.  Just because they refill your same glass doesn't mean you aren't paying for another soda!
Coming back from down the shore right in time for lunch, it seemed like our favorite Greek restaurant was calling to us as we crossed the bridge into Philly!

At this time it's Take Out only but still as good as always.  From the family sized portion of Houmus to the best Gyro around, it's a hard place to beat.  Topped off with a very generous slice of Spinach Cheese pie, it was good to almost be home.

Can't wait till it's open for indoor dining again so that we can talk to the very friendly staff and Tom, the owner.
Hands down the best place to get a gyro and souvlaki in all of Philadelphia. South Street Souvlaki has been a winner of Best Of Philly, The City Paper Choice awards and other honors on several occasions.

While the sandwiches are it's specialty, they also offer plenty of other traditional Greek cuisines like mousaka, stuffed grape leaves, and spanakopita. The food is delicious and you only end up paying around $8-20 for a meal.

South Street Souvlaki has a good sized dining area that offers up good service, and they have a liquor license. But they also have a take out window in case your looking to pick up a good meal on the go.
YUM!!

okay....sure...they're a tad bit pricey. but you know what?? i am okay with that. they've managed to remain on south st, steadfast amongst the chain & sneaker store shit blitz.

the whole fish? yeah. it's awesome.
I was apprehensive because of its location, I admit it.  But this was some delicious Greek food!  Pricing was reasonable.  I sat at the bar and had a glass of wine while I waited for my friend.  When we got a table, it was cozy and fun, like being in someone's basement.

The entrees were delicious.  Good salads, stuffed grape leaves.  I was pleasantly surprised.
This place was superb! I stopped in for dinner a few weeks ago or so almost on accident. I wanted to grab a bite before heading to the TLA and was walking around south street. I had heard good things so I came in and ordered a gyro and spanikopita. Both were super delicious. Especially the gyro. That meat was terrific! Super juicy, well seasoned and perfect proportions of veggies and a tangy tzatziki. The best v I've had on the east coast, no doubt. I was very pleasantly surprised. I expected it to be good, but was still surprised. The spanikopita was a little heavy on the grease, but still very good. 
I had heard it was a hole in the wall and I think they have a window where you can order to go, but we went in the restaurant and it was actually pretty nice issue. Service was spectacular too. Super speedy and attentive. Wish I lived closer. Definitely be back.
Yummy and Delicious! 
We didn't think they had indoor seating as it looks like a "to-go" only place from the sidewalk. We walked in, passed the long to-go order counter and in the rear was a door leading to a comfortable dining room. 

After being seated, we perused the menu and both of us commented on how reasonable the prices are. My partner ordered the Chicken Kabob and I ordered the Pork Souvlaki. Both of our meals were served over rice with asparagus along with pita on the side. 

It's obvious the servers have worked there for years. They were a bit on the gruff side, but not in a bad way. The service was fairly good overall, and our server cracked a smile when I responded to a question with a silly answer. 

The food was quite delicious and flavorful. The amazing thing was that dinner for two including two glasses of wine and an iced tea came to only about $40. We are still new to Philly and are thrilled to add another tasty place to our list of neighborhood dining options.
Everything was pretty delicious. My boyfriend and I ordered the family size gyro platter with hummus and falafel as an appetizer. Towards the end of the meal, our waitress gave us a sweet desert. Service was quick, the waitress answered all of our questions and was very friendly. I recommend this place if you're in the mood for Greek.
I've heard about this place for a decade and a half as "the place" to go if you're wanting Greek and in Philly.

I have no idea why I'd never made my way here - as the food is ... great.  I want to wax poetic, be wordy - and I don't know if I can.  This reminds me so much of the incredible 'home cooking' I was treated to by a good friends Greek Family (parents were from greece) and just made me so happy.

The meat was perfect.  Tender, but the edges just the right amount of crisp to make it a delight.  The pitas are soft, but again - grilled to just the right amount of marking and "crisp" in places.

Everyone is friendly and has a knowing arrogance that isn't off putting at all, but a simple acknowledgement of how comfortable and good their food is.

And to top it off - their prices are not unreasonable.  Often you find established places like this pump up their prices to the upper end.  While it isn't "street cart" pricing, the pricing is not at all as high as I might have expected.  Reasonable prices for great food.

It can be crowded, and folks often walk in the "wrong door" (Take out "side" and restaurant) but they're "used to it" and sit people from both directions.

And I must say - try everything.  I haven't found anything that wasn't a thumbs up.
Read some reviews on this place, and thought we'd give it a try because we really like Greek food.  For the food, this place is a mixed bag.  We had a group of us, and we shared a combination cold appetizer platter (hummus, spicy feta sauce, baba ganouch, etc....) which was primarily a lot of dips/spreads to put on pita bread.  We really enjoyed them all, which set us up with high expectations for the entrees.  Unfortunately, the entrees seemed to be mostly disappointing.  I had a platter with gyros & souvlaki (had to try them both), while others in our group had just gyros, or the spanakopita, or vegetarian stuffed tomatoes.  The gyros tasted very processed, and very bland.  Not much flavor to them at all. The souvlaki was better than the gyros, but still was not very flavorful.  At least it was not processed tasting.  The spanakopita and the stuffed tomatoes were okay, but nothing to make you want to come back.  It's unfortunate, because this place has a lot going for it.  It's location on South Street, and it's a really cool looking place, with the take out window up front on the street.  If you walk in, and go by the kitchen (which has some really good aromas, by the way), you'll end up in a small, cozy dining area.  It just has a very cool, comfortable feeling to it.  And the wait staff were excellent.  Very friendly & attentive, and took good care of us.  If they could work on having much better food, this place would be awesome.
Ate here on 12/29 while visiting family.  Went in for a light lunch and was hit with the most delicious , yummy Greek meal!! Better than any food I had eaten in Greece. Service was awesome too. Had the Vegetable Platter.
After watching my boyfriend literally choke on a large splinter of wood from a skewer that was stuck inside his piece of meat and the owner tell him to be more careful next time, I'm surprised we ever went back. 

We did-- quite often. We've given this man A LOT of money as we ate definitely once and sometimes twice a week. I've put up with his pushy and rude waitresses and have tipped them well-- always much over 20%, and complete lack of recognition when I go there.

But, tonight was the last straw. They packaged his souvlaki platter in some cheap styrofoam container that had cracked on the way home. Presumably from the skewer. 

Anyway, I never saw anything like the mess it made. The entire dinner, save for the few pieces of meat still attacked to the skewer and the container, was on his lap and sweatshirt. Rice and asparagus and potatoes all over the floor and all over our new dining room chair.

I haven't eaten in a few days because I've been sick with a fever and this is what I get? 

The salad was hardly good enough to be worth the money. It was all green leaf lettuce-- which I hate-- when usually it is a romaine and iceburg mix. There were even chick peas in it-- which I've never one time had before. No cabbage, no onions. Just a plastic box filled with green leaf lettuce, a few cherry tomatoes, a few strands of shaved carrot, three tiny olives, and some chick peas. Boring.

It wasn't ready in 25 minutes, like they said on the phone when it was called in. I would have told the owner, if I thought he cared. I just assumed it would be like the time my boyfriend was literally choking in the restaurant. Our waitress was the one who told the owner-- not us. She saw it happen and couldn't believe it. We really aren't the type of people who want anything for free so we didn't make a big deal of it.

But, looking back on it-- if you owned this restaurant and these people ate there every week-- wouldn't you have at least taken the guys meal off the check???
Love just being able to order a gyro by the window and going on my merry way. They don't skimp on the meat, either! For my most recent visit, I ordered takeout during the pandemic, so I got to try their less portable items, including lamb, roast chicken, and more. Was pleasantly surprised about how tender and soft their meat was! Both chicken and lamb just fell off the bone.
I don't know how many times I've been to South Street and I have never realized that South Street Souvlaki is an actual restaurant where you can sit down and have a good dinner.
Friend of ours mentioned having dinner there, so once we got to South Street the other day I figured let's give them a try.
Inside its a bit bigger than you'd think, nicely decorated and suprisingly quiet.
The menu makes you salivate and the food is good...
We ordered their anniversary special - $33 for full dinner for two.
Lentil soup (which usually I avoid) was great, as was their salad.
Gyro platter was humongous and probably had the best taste I've had in the city... My wife's stuffed peppers were also very good. The portions are enormous. 
Certainly a place to grab a bite while on South...
We have been coming here for over 40 years!  Tom, the owner, is a great guy who makes you feel welcome, as does his staff.  Although for the most part, we have been ordering the same things for all these years, we use his offerings as a guideline for other Greek restaurants.  Most don't live up to our expectations.

The hummus is by far the best we've had and their gyros are hard to beat.  The Greek salad is always spot on and the meatballs are also very very good, as are the mussels.

They must be doing something right to be at the same spot for all these years, so make a point of stopping in - I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Brought my nephew here who had never had really a serious Greek meal before. This place was around back in my wild and crazy college days when we used to drive for an HOUR from campus just to sit around here, eat and drink and talk for hours at a time.  It was lovely to have a very nice and enthusiastic waitress who also has been around for a good couple of decades.

We started off with different platter combinations so he could try out the Greek salads and souvlaki and gyros.  Everything was generously sized and lots of flavor. We ordered flan and baklava for dessert, both small servings but packed a ton of flavor. Eric opted for the powder keg Greek coffee in a tiny cup - he probably stayed awake for 12 hours because of that.

I love that they have an open kitchen set up in front for brisk take away service if you want something quick.  I'll need to pop by for lunch.

Total for 2 was $60 including tip.

We sat in the back, which was great until a loud group came in.
I'd likely pass this place up if I walked by it. I love Greek food, but I normally don't crave it. A recommendation alongside an early dinner with friends brought us here. The thing I immediately noticed was the open kitchen. Oddly, I didn't get hit by any smells that would make me crave food. 

We were seated right away. It should be noted that it was around 4:30 and our friends made reservations. I'm not sure when this place gets busy. From the food I ordered, I bet it stays busy for dinner on the weekend. 

This was a pre-concert meal so I hadn't planned on eating too much. They have plenty of apps to choose from. Cold apps, hot apps, soups, and salads. Not only are the choices abundant, they also can be ordered in different sizes incase you're feeding a family/group. For the appetizer, we decided to order Feta Saganakiopa - melted feta with olive oil and red pepper. It came with pita bread. I LOVED it! I've never had feta like that and I'm curious if it can be found in Louisville. The search begins. 

Again, pre-concert meal so it influenced my entree decision. There were many choices! I wanted to order quite a few things. I decided to be boring and go with a falafel sandwich - on pita with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce. I LOVED this sandwich too! This falafel sandwich was on a much different level than any others that I've tried! I only wish that I could've finished it. It satisfied my appetite fast. With an impending concert, I had to leave room for beer and being generally comfortable. 

With so many places to eat in Philly, it's hard to recommend any one place over another. If you do go here, I can assure you that you'll be treated to tasty food. 

Other notables:
-- Staff is fun! (Especially when they have their quiet facial expressions about loud kids at a nearby table that the parents just wouldn't control - Luckily it was near the end of our meal - What a terrifying child)
-- The owner came out and joked around with someone at our table. The joke stemmed from someone saying, "Oh my God"... the owner stopped and said something like, "Did you call me over here?" (It was totally a you had to be there joke)
-- The lighting seemed dark to me. 
-- The food came out fast. 
-- Everyone was friendly as we left. Goodbyes and pleasantries were had by all.
had dinner here a few weeks ago.
Chef was nice enough to tell us we ordered way too much, 
and we happily took something off the order once the combo appetizer platter we ordered came out.
Food was all decent enough.
We saw this place when we were walking around the area, killing time before a concert.  It seems like the real deal for Greek food, but I settled for a gyro as I had a taste for it.  The meat was done well, but the tkaziki sauce was a little bland.  The fries were clearly fresh, but lacked seasoning.  The appetizer that my friend ordered had a little Greek salad with it and it was great and very authentic.  The pita was the star of the show.  So fresh and delicious.
Great food for super prices. 

I can't understand why it's been so long since I revisited this place.  Two of us had a late lunch/early dinner type meal that consisted of an appetizer, two entrees and a dessert for only $30!
Best Greek in philly.  Have tried other places and they failed to compare. 
the gyro is incredible!!!
I went with a a party of 6 on a cold Winter's night. South Street Souvlaki was very warm and pleasant inside. It was nice to be transplanted to Mediterranean Greece, at least for an hour or so. There are nicely painted murals on the walls and the place has a charming and rustic casual feel.

Service was great and the staff made sure we had everything and enjoyed our food. Our appetizers and plates came out very fast. We had  a good array of food from fried calamari, Lentel soup, Octopus salad, Grilled Porgy Fish, Eggplant, Mousaka and the grilled Lamp Chop. I had the lamb chop and it was super tasty and juicy over a nice bed of vegetables.

South Street Souvlaki also has a small bar area and decent beer selection. Its is a great place to go when in the South Street area and hungry for some Mediterranean food. The prices are pretty decent also.
When my people from other Philly parts come 'round they're always lookin for a gyro. Seriously. It's like they stop by, listen to music, mill about for a while and then suggest, "Hey you two wanna get gyros?" I'm beginning to feel like a pit-stop. Or pita stop. Hurrff. I notice that nobody's comin to visit on Mondays. Mondays when South Street Souvlaki is closed. I noticed.

These four stars are dedicated to South Street Souvlaki's gyros. From the take out window to the street, I get the piled-high with black peppery gyro meat gyro. L/T/O and tzatziki. It's their consistently delicious thing. Maybe a little heavy on the onions. I always take a lot off. It's like an entire onion. I'm always like, "whoa, lotta onions there."

 So I'd recommend the gyro. If you run off all willy-nilly you're on your own. 

Good ole reliable gyro... Thumbs up.
If you have children with you, especially a stroller, do not ever think about dining here!  Aside from my terrible experience, the menu states a nasty remark about going elsewhere if you can't control your children and the door leading into the dining area has a sign which says "No Strollers!"   I attempted anyways but once I got in I understood, it's very tight, but still I was standing there with my two very well behaved children.  

The server looked at me like I had done something unforgivable and shouted to the manger "Umm should I just put them in the back room?"

I'm not going to continue to tell the story bc the place deserves a good review for their good food.   The hummus is delicious and I always order lamb gyros to go for week day lunch.  

Street parking can be a chore but you can definitely make it in and out with time to spare because the restaurant can turn and burn.
The Best Greek restaurant in Philadelphia. Dined in on 11/14/15 to celebrate our son's birthday.  Our server Fran was professional and attentive and sweet.  The food was excellent, we started off with Saganaki flambéed cheese, it was out of this world. We all ordered Gyro platters which was outstanding between the meat, vegetables, rice and tzatziki sauce was perfect also ordered side of Feta which was authentic and delicious.  Everything was beyond amazing and finishing off with two Greek expressos and a coffee and Fran brought out a Baklava with a candle and sang happy birthday, it was a nice touch to ending the evening.  

If you are looking for a great establishment for excellent Greek Cuisine this is the place to come.  It's Zagat Rated and Highly Recommended by our son who is a Chef. You will not be disappointed! The owner Tom is a great man and all his employees are great people and hard workers.
I'm loving on some South Street Souvlaki.  It's one of my favorite places on South Street to eat.  It's pretty cheap, authentic, has a good vibe, a bunch of different little quirky dining rooms, and most importantly tatsy food.  My FAVORITE is the roast chicken and roasted potatoes.  Worth fighting for, methinks.  They've got a full bar, so you can get a buzz on while you chow down on some seriously tasty Greek food.  I've seen lines go waayyyyyyy out the door on busy nights, so try to hit them during the off hours.  A couple of years ago, I caught them when they were slow and ended up having a lengthy conversation with a interesting cute little guy who turned out to be the owner.  My only complaint is that this place is so busy that sometimes the servers can be a little rough around the edges.  Always a favorite though!
Just finish my lunch and Boy I just had to yelp this. I am so in love wit their hummas. It has a great taste and consistance, Umm Umm good! I had ordered takeout the portions are pretty generous. You have to love the slogan" If you can not controll your children please do not patronage our restuarant. I love it. I am such an evil person
South Street Souvlaki has been on South Street since the beginning of time.  Well actually it started in 1977 so practically the beginning of time.  It has both an eat-in dining room or a take-out area.  Your choice.  The food the restaurant is named for, they do excellently here - the Souvlaki sandwich. It is very large and even tastier if you add some hot peppers to it.  I also like the Avgolemono soup.  It was a flavorful combination of chicken, broth, lemon, and egg.  There is a lot to see that is hanging on the walls of the main dining room.  What didn't I like?  The TV behind me in the bar area that was on a channel talking about the recent US Presidential election.  It was too loud, no one wanted to hear it.  We wanted to eat ... and maybe hear some Greek music!
I come here from time to time when I'm itching for a gyro.  It's made pretty well here and i always leave satisfied.  (random side note: refills on soda aren't free here)

The service is good enough.  The staff is a bit curt.  Not to the point that they are rude, but you don't really get the warm fuzzies if you know what I mean.

The funny thing is i am now in the habit of calling them to see if they're open before i go.  Why, you ask?  Well, they seem to like their vacations, god bless them.  There was a point a while ago when i went on three separate occasions and every time it was closed!  This is no knock on them.  Owning a small business is hard, especially if you are in the restaurant business.  but a seemingly unpredictable vacation calendar = me calling them before i head over.
This review is based solely on delivery - I have not been to the actual location so cannot speak to restaurant service or ambiance.  

With regards to delivery, I was a bit disappointed! The food itself was OK - nothing above and beyond other greek food we've had.  My husband and I split the fried calamari and small greek salad for appetizers. The calamari was delivered a bit cold and chewy. The small greek salad was fine, but definitely SMALL. My husband ordered the Chicken shish-kebob entree (served with rice) and I had falafel and hummus, which was served with white pita bread.  Aside from the chicken kebab entree, all portions were extremely small, and in retrospect very overpriced. The falafel balls were tasty but probably the tiniest falafel balls i've seen, and they were served atop a very small portion of cold-ish hummus.  I would quantify this more as an appetizer than an entree.

The grand total for all of this was $47....which did not include the $3.99 delivery fee or delivery tip.  I thought it was pretty steep for the amount of food we actually received. 

Will likely order Greek food elsewhere in the future.
Why the hell have I never eaten here before??

I was on South Street the other day with Hubby and a few friends and we were starving. A few of us felt like Greek food so we decided to (finally) check out South Street Souvlaki. 

We were seated at a table inside where it was nice and cool. I had a spinach pie and a gyro, and both were awesome. The Phyllo was perfectly flaky, and the balance of spinach and feta were spot-on. I can also say that this was the best gyro I've ever had. The meat was aggressively seasoned and packed a ton of flavor. The tzatziki was really fresh and the pita was nice and warm. I also tried some of my friends pork chops that our server recommended, and it was pretty mind-blowing. It was so tender and juicy, with a ton of flavor. Honestly, If I'd tried it with my eyes closed I would have thought I was eating steak. We also had a round of Greek lagers (when in Rome...err...Greece, right?) that weren't bad at all.

Great food, great service, reasonable prices. What a nice change from the usual South Street crap.
I don't understand the hype. The food was alright but the service left a bit to be desired. There was something in my cup but I felt uncomfortable enough to not even mention it.

There were 3 of us and they refused to split the check which was weird but whatever.


Meh. I wouldn't go again and I feel 3 stars is almost too many.
This place has been on South Street for over 30 years for a reason, Tom runs a tight ship.  The food is cooked exactly the same EVERY visit, so you know it'll always be delicious.  The staff doesn't have much of a turn-around, it's mainly the same people there for years and years.  They're downright experts at this by now.  I used to work there years ago, so I can attest to the cleanliness of the kitchen.

What's good to eat?  When I ate meat, I never went a week without getting a gyro sandwich from the take-out window.  Vegetarians should know that their baba ganoush is the best I've EVER eaten....EVER!  Also, their tzatziki is very tasty and makes the falafel sandwich wonderful.  Eating in, make sure you try the $33 couple deal that everyone else has mentioned.  The octopus salad, peasant salad, and avgolemono soup were some of my favorites from past visits.
My boyfriend and I were just walking down South Street when we found this place. What first caught my attention was the flicker of open flames through the front window. Seeing that it was a Greek restaurant, I became really excited because my mom always told me about the freshly roasted gyro meat at the Reading Terminal Market (which, sadly, exists no longer). So we crossed the street to take a closer look, walking by slowly. Turns out the flames were cooking rows of chickens, rotating slowly in the heat. It was still the afternoon, but we marked the spot and returned later.

There is seating inside, but you can also order from the window, which is what we did. They have a pretty extensive menu of Greek fare, and we ordered the Gyro Platter to share ($12.96 with tax). The food was ready quickly, and as we waited, I watched them shave the gyro meat off the spits. We took our food elsewhere to eat.

We got a warm pita wrapped in foil, and a styrofoam box of gyro meat, tzatziki sauce, rice, and stewed vegetables. Everything was delicious. The veggies were  tender and minimally seasoned, which I enjoyed. The rice was a little soft (which might have been because it was a few minutes before we ate it) but aromatic. The meat was great--the contrast between the harder outer skin and the inside was fantastic. It was subtly seasoned and had a great consistency. I can only describe it as drier than what I'm used to, but in a good way. The sauce went beautifully with it, and the pita was yummy, too.

I can't wait to return to try their gyro sandwich, and I know my mom really wants to try their Greek coffee!
I'm absolutely obsessed with the atmosphere in here. The restaurant has been here for over 30 years as has a lot of staff and they are so friendly and welcoming! The food- all Greek/Mediterranean- was very flavorful but a little bit on the pricy side for the portion size. I got the Turlu (stewed vegetables) with hummus and it was fantastic. They didn't have much more than that for gluten free options but that was definitely sufficient for lunch. The coffee wasn't so great- I would probably pass on it next time. They also have a fairly large bar that takes a significant portion of the dining area so I'm sure the place has a tendency to get packed on weekends. 

If you're looking for takeout, make sure to go in the takeout entrance one door down.
Don't be fooled by the full-bar entrance; take the deli entrance and recognize this place as a wonderful Greek diner--complete with loaded platters, waitresses that call you Hon' and refill your pita plate, and columns.  The namesake souvlaki with turlu is particularly good.
Fantastic food! Consistently great tasting gyros, dolmas, salads and baklava. Many other meals to choose from. This is a real treat!
This restaurant is good all the time, no matter what!  The food is always fresh and the hummus-OMG, I dream about it!  Going here for lunch today and I can't wait!
Absolutely in love with this place! Came here with my parents and brother yesterday night to celebrate my dad's birthday. We were met by such nice and welcoming staff and our server was super attentive and sweet, and really tried to suggest the best meals based on my rents' preferences. (They never know what they'll order, pretty much leaving the decision to the server's suggestions lol) We all split the platter with hummus, grape leaves, etc. They'll give you as much pita as you'll like! Great dish and a great way to get a sampling of all the different spreads/dips. Quite filling! Then I ordered the chicken Kebab which was flavorful, well cooked, and paired with delicious potatoes and rice. The tomato (broth?) for the potatoes was simple but still packed with flavor. Customer service and authentic cuisine definitely gives this place 5 stars in my mind. 10/10 recommend!
Yuck yuck!  Me and a girlfriend went to South Street Souvlaki cause she was craving Greek food.  I wasn't too hungry but was there for the ride.  Boy, what a mistake.  What horrible attitude we got from the waitress.  

We got the hummus and falafel as well as the Greek Trio (moussaka, pastitsio & spinach pie).  This platter was a mess and hardly any of it was edible.  It was a bad sign when the food came out like 5 mins after we ordered.  Even the potatoes on the plate were undercooked.

The hummus was fine with pita bread but the falafel was rock hard.

What a bad experience, nasty food and service.  NEVER coming back.
We finished dinner at Jim's and we're bummed they didn't offer French fries. We'd passed this place on the way and figured we'd stop in for those and a couple kebabs. Fries were cooked fresh while we waited and the kebabs were grilled right there. Plenty of other items looked good on the steam table.
arby's, are u serious? as a major corporation u should be ashamed of yourselves even attempting to market a pita full of lunchmeat as an authentic gyro. ive been so bombarded by those hideous commercials for arby's gyros for the last week that i had to make my way down to south street souvlaki to get what i know to be a truly authentic and fantastically tasty gyro. ive been eating here for years and have never been disappointed not even once. the meat is seasoned perfectly and is soooo tender. they also have other traditional greek dishes for meat eaters and vegetarians. please, people, if you want authentic greek food go to south street souvlaki and i guarantee you will not be disappointed. 

although i only use their takeout side, it gives you a full view of the cooking area and alot of the dishes they serve. everything looks fresh and delicious. the service is always on point and i have no problems sending anyone there for a meal.
Saw an ad  for this place on TV and decided to give it a chance. What a big mistake. The restaurant looks more like a cafeteria and even though my friend insisted on going to another place, I really wanted to try the octopus I had seen on the TV ad, so we stayed. What a disaster !!!! Horrible service, rude waitress who was not interested in helping with the menu and had the worst attitude. The food was mediocre. honestly worst experience of my life. When I told the waitress that I was not happy with the meal, she gave me a smirk smile and told me that everyone loves the food and left it at that. Biggest waste of money and health since I was sick for hours after i ate there.
Pretty good souvlaki and gyros. Has a nice take-out area, and combos are priced very well. Has full assortment of Greek food, but I mainly come for the souvlaki. Their sandwiches are also pretty good in general. So when I'm craving this sort of thing, this is where I go.

Philly Classic.
I have been going to SSS since I was born. My grandparents are friendly with the owners, and so the family would always make trips down here just for the food (we lived in bucks county). I absolutely love this place. Everytime I bring someone new, they love it as well. 
The spinach pie is fantastical, and the gyro is great, and only $6. The salads are really good, try the tom salad and dip your fresh pita in the white stuff on top (which is fish eggs, olive oil, and lemon i believe). They have great french fries, and I always loved the roasted potatoes.
Only bad things are: the soda sucks (get iced tea or water), and the calamari is an extremely small portion for $9. And they gave my brothers extra cherries in their shirley temples, that's always a plus to me.
But on South Street, it's your best bet for cheap, really quality food. And they do seem to be closed frequently, but I hear it's because they go back to Greece quite often. So def. make sure to call to see if they're in.
I had an order delivered to my hotel via Grub Hub and it was fantastic! I had the Pastitso (Greek lasagna) and the portion was huge. Sautéed veggies that came with it were delicious, squash, cabbage, potatoes...yum. Small Greek salad ($6.95) was also nice and big and loaded with goodies, like cucumbers, radishes and chick peas. My favorite though was Tom's famous Greek yogurt, homemade, with layers of walnuts and honey. Portion was so generous, I ate it for two days. It was fantastic. I can't wait to be back in Philly and order from here again!
Doesn't look like much but they make a killer Lamb Gyro. Seems simple but you have to try the roasted potatoes!
Great greek!

The falafal leaves something to be desired. It was dry and kind of meh flavor-wise. They have tough competition from Mamas, Maoz and Allahambra though so it's easy to head elsewhere for it.

 The gyros, however, are great. Huge and tasty and cheap for the amount of food.

My girlfriend liked the chicken souvlaki, too.  

Garlicy babaganoush too, which for some might be bad, but i am anti-fucking-vampire when it comes to garlic-laden anything so i thoroughly enjoyed.
I adore this place for the best gyros in the city and very delicious greek salad. What is in that dressing? Simple, super cheap, and quick. The only downsides are that the place periodically shuts down for a month at a time and you smell like onions for at least 24 hours. But it's still one of my favorite places in the city for dinner.
I really like this place. I prefer take out as opposed to dining in because the take out side is where the kitchen is and those guys are just SO FRIENDLY! They make my day everytime I walk in! Lamb gyro and chicken kebab sandwhiches are so delicious as well as very filling. I haven't really tried any of the other dishes,  but everything looks great. Since the sandwhiches are usually pretty big and filling I haven't felt the need to order other things, and those are my must-haves from here so I'm ok with that.

I actually didn't enjoy dining in nearly as much because I thought the lighting was dark and the space was small so I was squished into a corner.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!
delicious food. great greek.
they have a peasant salad that no matter what season it is the tomatoes are so fresh and actually sweet !. It is  just chopped tomatoes anchovies feta and onions...o  so simple.....The gyro is loaded..swear it weighs   
5 pounds...the beets salad is delish!  humus ummm.
I must say that the servers lack charm....like they've worked there for a 100 years like its an old diner...but the food is great...and worth the trip.
Go for the go to greek highlights and don't bother with the platters...(you get some dry rice and vegis ) . Be prepared to unbutton your pants on the way out.
So here we are being tourists on South Street.  My bf got hungry and he eyed the This little place from across the street.  So we decided to Stop in for a grab and go snack (since we were on our way to meet some friends). 

You could definitely hear the old school greek music

We ordered the first thing that got our attention....Gyros & Spinach pie! They asked us if we wanted a small or large portion and we opted for the small one and then he gave us a piece that I thought could be a meal and a half.  Apparently that was the "small" portion.  Good thing the bf was there to eat it all. 

Looks like they do take out and dine in. Cheap and large portions.  Great place to check out in Philly.
A quick rundown of our meal:

Souvlaki platter (Lamb souvlaki with rice and potatoes) - The lamb was tender enough to cut with a butter knife and the potatoes had an interesting aftertaste from apparently being stewed with tomatoes.

Souvlaki sandwich (Beef souvlaki in pita with tzatziki and vegetables) - The beef souvlaki was not as good as the lamb, but still nicely marinated, and the tzatziki tasted freshly made.

Greek salad with grilled shrimp - This wasn't very "Greek", other than having feta cheese. It was still good as far as salads go, and the shrimp were grilled well and not overcooked.

Baklava and Galaktobouriko - These were super sweet (as they should be), and although the portions look small they can easily be split between two people.

Overall a satisfying meal at reasonable prices, but not so much that I'll be making the treck too often.
I've never eaten at the restaurant, but I've ordered from there and the souvlaki is very good. The greek salad is pretty tasty as well. 

But my favorite part of the meal is dessert. Greek yogurt with honey and chopped walnuts. So simple, yet so insanely delicious.
Love the Kabab's and hummus...not so pricey compared to other places in downtown philly
It was way better when it first opened many years ago.  Food is consistently above average to good.  Service is another thing.....  Suggest that you eat at the small bar if you are single or a couple, because the bartender is usually more friendlier and capable than the servers.  Take out available in separate entrance to the left.  Highly recommend their shish kabob or gyro for good filling Greek fast food under $10.
Great place to grab lunch for under $10 on south street an option that doesn't include pizza or everything fried only!!
The chicken kabob wrap is my go to!! It is packed which makes it a little tricky to eat but worth it! The pita is warm and the yogurt sauce seems like a pretty healthy condiment!
South Street Souvlaki, at one time, was decent, reliable, and, if nothing else, cheap. After my wife and I had dinner there this week, it is neither decent or reliable, but it is still cheap. I ordered a lamb souvlaki platter (their namesake) and my wife had the moussaka. The waitress informed me that lamb was not available. That should have been the obvious red flag, but I persisted and foolishly ordered it with beef. The resulting souvlaki was, without a doubt, the worst I've ever had the misfortune of eating (actually I stopped midway feeling downright unwell). The meat was not only tough and full of gristle, but was, if that's not enough, tasteless. My wife also said the moussaka was not only tasteless, but had an odd, somewhat nauseating quality. She also stopped midway through. We left the restaurant feeling queasy. Later, she really did become ill from the meal.
Another modest culinary landmark bites the increasingly bitter dust of Philadelphia's South Street. Alas
My lady and I just moved to the area from Astoria, NY. We were on South Street and needed a little something to hold us over until we went to dinner at another restaurant. Boy oh boy are we glad we chose South Street Souvlaki. The food was incredible to say the least! The service and ambiance was stellar as well. Tom the owner, a friendly and charismatic man, was on the premises and made it a point to introduce himself. Not only did he make us feel welcome and comfortable, but he was very proud to give us a sampling of the evenings dinner special. In short, eating at SSS was a great experience from beginning to end. If the smile I wore for the remainder of the day was any indication. I foresee us frequenting South Street Souvlaki for many many years to come. We never did go to that other restaurant...
Great basic Greek food.  The calamari have tentacle sections and good flavor.   Spanikopita, gyros, gigantes, turlu, and tzatziki sauce are lovely.  I have been going here for two decades and the food is very consistent.
Not terribly expensive, but when you factor in the quality of the food, it's definitely over-priced (they had a special when I was there - 3-course meal for 2 for $33).  Biggest plus - they give generous portions.  However, the food has been sitting out all day in the take-out area next-door.   I split the gyro platter and peppers stuffed with vegetables and chicken.  Mediocre quality.  It's not fresh and is not kind to your stomach.  It's also bland.  On par with cafeteria food - watery vegetables, unseasoned potatoes, and low quality meat.  My husband and I both felt funny for hours after eating here.  

The highlight of the meal was the hummus, although it did seem to have lettuce in it (odd).  Also, the Greek salad wasn't bad, although it was smothered in salad dressing.  Baklava would have been good if it hadn't been so drenched in honey.  

The ambiance was nice, though.  It was very festive for the holidays - lots of poinsettias and Christmas tunes.  I'd say this is a fine place to go for a beer and hummus.  But skip it for dinner.
If you are in Philly and like Greek food, you need to go here!

This place came highly and forcefully recommended by some friends from the area for our visit. As it just so happens they were in town the same weekend we were, so they made early reservations (not necessary, but it didn't hurt) and we all met here for dinner before a concert on a Saturday evening.
There are 2 entrances, one that enters directly to the sit-down/bar part of the restaurant, another that leads to a more to-go/open kitchen type of area. You can get to the sit-down table service side from that side too....it's just a little awkward. If you are going for a sit down meal, use the entry closest to the street corner.
Our server was pure Philly. Which is to say a bit brusque, but not rude. Some of the starters/appetizers come in two sizes, to be more easily shareable. We started off with the feta sagankiopa. The feta tasted a little bitter to me...but I will never say no to feta. I will eat it ALL. All the time always. For my main meal, I got the kefte sandwich and it was delicious! And it was a smaller "meal" but I still could not finish it! I would order it again....but also not, because there are SO MANY OTHER delicious looking things on the menu!
As we were finishing up, a family with a small, shrieking child was sat very close to us. We were able to pay quickly and be on our way, but not before sharing understanding and sympathetic eye rolls and non-verbal "I'm so sorrys" in commiseration with the waitstaff who had to remain and put up with it. I felt bad for them, but laughed in our momentary shared misery.
The food is delicious. Service is great, and the prices are better than right. This unpretentious place  is one of my favorite spots in Philly. It's great for kids, dates and large parties. Try the appetizer combo platter of greek spreads. It's superb!
When you watch your bf inhale a gyro in less than 10 seconds, you know its a damn fine meal. He finished that thing twice as fast as it took me to eat a very small portion of frozen yogurt, and I was halfway done when he started! Reasonably priced, too, especially if you opt to eat at the counter like he did instead of going the way of table service. 

I love my Greeks! I have to go back and order myself - the classic Greek dips are calling me as I type. And if I can find a place that makes those spectacularly, and has some amazing authentic baklava, my Greek heart will be set for life.
I have been coming to the SSS for the past twelve years. It is by far my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is good, there is no question about that. The prices are fantastic. I used to eat here easily twice a week. There is not one thing on the menu you can go wrong with. 

Downsides: They are closed Mondays, and the whole months of January and August.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city, for sure.

Their tzatzki appetizer is absolutely delicious. Homemade bread, warm pita. I can never get enough.

I always order vegetarian when I'm eating greek. The greek salad is great. The small size is enough if you order an appetizer. My friends who order the gyros and meat entrees also say they're amazing.

Be careful when ordering drinks though. They don't have free refills on all their drinks. And they are closed on Mondays and 1 or 2 months of the year, so don't be disapointed if you go and they're closed.

All in all, I try to go at LEAST once a month.
I love gyros and this place has a darned good one.  The meat is briefly grilled after cutting from the spit so it has a lightly charred taste and texture.  Delightful.  I also had the pastitsio which came with really tender quarter potatoes.  I prefer the ground beef to have a bit more seasoning but I think that might be preference.  Something tells me they know what they're doing more than me.
There's a window on south street for ordering/take out, but I ate inside. Not sure what the Bistro is, it was confusing, we were on the first floor which I guess is just the normal restaurant. Not much to look at, in need of some real updating, but delicious food! 
Got the Greek salad, the dressing is so yummy, and got the hummus & felafel, also so delicious and fresh. Food came so quickly, it was great. Also had the lamb gyro and the chicken gyro plate (which comes with rice/veggies) and both were good portions and tasted fresh. I would highly recommend it, and will be going back!
I've eaten at this restaurant under two occasions: once while loitering on a sunny day on south street, and another while going to south street specifically to eat dinner at S. Street Souvlaki.  Under both circumstances, the former being a "to go" event and the latter being a "dine in" event, the food was superb. From the "to go" window I had a lamb gyro. The best gyro I've ever had anywhere in the world. YES better than the gyro's they serve in the Jewish District in Paris. For the "dine in" experience: my buddy and I ordered the cold appetizer sampler, and literally every thing on the plate was wiped clean with the warm and fresh pita bread.  The flavors were fresh, eclectic and unique with each appetizer sample. Then came the swordfish for the main event:  AMAZING. I had no idea that a restaurant on south street in the heart of the shenanigans could be considered a foodies' spot. But make no mistake this restaurant makes me strongly consider this place the best Greek in Philadelphia. It definitely beats out Zorba's on Fairmount (not that Zorba's is bad it's just overpriced for the quality) and Dimitri's (however Dimitri's does offer a different type of dining experience - Dimitri's a bit more swanky - see my Dimitri's review). Goof place for a quality meal and good for groups. BTW the familial presence is definitely adds to the authenticity and hospitality.
I came in here a while back on a slow day.  The decor is decent, nothing remarkable, though I did see some cheesy paintings on the wall. There was plenty of seating in both areas of the restaurant.

I ordered the chicken souvlaki and a greek salad. The salad tasted ok, but it didn't have a lot of vegetables in it and the chunks of feta were on the small side. The chicken souvlaki came out next. The chicken was ok, but the sauce was pretty flavorless.

Service was mediocre at best. I spent half the meal waiting for the waitress to come back and refill my water glass after my first glass, which was a little ridiculous given that there were only two tables occupied at the time.

Reading the reviews, it seems like I came on a bad day. I might go back and see if its any better at some point.
We live behind this wonderful place! My husband took me there on our first date! I cook at home mostly, but sometimes it's just nice to have Greek! Love this place
The gyros are ok, better than most in South Phila, but thats not saying much. But the staff (and owners?) are complete asssh0les, as mentioned here several times.
So if you don't mind getting an OK sandwich served by jerks who act like they can't be bothered to take your money, great. 
(they also stopped accepting CCs, and then put in an ATM, which has been broken since. so by the time I walk across the street to a different restaurant to get cash, I just spend it there. or just use my card there.)
I have been coming here for years.  The gyros and salads really are great. The kefta kabob sandwich and the stewed potatoes are a must.  My only complaint is some of the servers do not have the friendliest demeanor.  The one dining room is a little too darkly lit in my opinion.  Authentic food on a fun street.
I haven't been to SSS for years, so after seeing a profile on a local foodie show, I decided to give it another try. I had always had good experiences with the place, I just kind of forgot about it. 
My GF and I started out with the Hummus appetizer, which consisted of a dish of hummus and pita strips. It was delish! Simple yet delicious. Very flavorful and homemade tasting. I've often said that often, there's elegance in simplicity. Like good Italian or Mediterranean cooking- simple, fresh ingredients. Nothing pretentious like a lot of the pricey places. We ran out of pita, and our waitress brought us more. We lapped up every molecule of the hummus. I got a gyro, while GF got a chicken kabob. Both were simple, flavorful, and nicely prepared. GF raved about her chicken kabob, which came with rice and potato wedges. 
A very tasty, inexpensive meal. Give South street Souvlaki another try.
I went to this restaurant because I saw its good reviews on a TV show. This is the worst greek food that I have had in my life. The bread was taken out of a bag of the supermarket, service was horrible, appetizer was ok. Main entree was just disgusting the chicken gyro with some rice and vegetables and potatoes just awful, not to mention the salad which was pieces of lettuce not even cut evenly with some disgusting vinaigrette bottled dressing. I could not finish any of the dishes, I took two bites of the gyro and left the rest. I do not recommend this place at all. WORST GREEK FOOD EVER. I have had plenty of good Greek food in the past and definitely this is the worst.
This is an old standby for us that work around the corner. The food is great, and much of it is really healthy. There are lots of vegetarian and vegan options. The service is usually really good with a few caveats. They take long vacations to Greece at certain points in the year and the restarant is closed during those times. I love Greece, so I completely understand not only the need for a vation, but wanting to go to Greece in particular. But if you get there when they have come back from vacation, they are bound to be out of all kinds of things. On occasion, they can be rather inaccomodating....they told my friend they couldn't put grilled onions on her gyro as ooposed to raw, since the oven/grill doesn't do that or something, which is totally absurd. Still, this is a great place, wonderful food, good prices.
Cheap, friendly banter, hot food = check.
Gross, unsavory meat, weak vegetables = check.

You guessed right folks. You pay almost nothing for a whole lot of food, but that food is not high quality. I felt mildly sick after having a gyro with "vegetables" that tasted like they were washed in street water. The cheese fries were good, but they used a weak cheese that tasted like a vegan substitute. Problem is, it wasn't supposed to be vegan!

I came here with friends and enjoyed the atmosphere, but I certainly wouldn't come again for the food.
South Street Souvlaki.. For some reason this decades old standard always gets passed over when Greek food gets discussed on the Main Line where I live.  I guess we're as guilty as any Philadelphia expat in not having eaten there since moving to suburbia.  My wife had a craving for Greek roasted potatoes today, and running through the list of the best we'd ever had, took us for a stroll down the Memory Lane of South Street.   This place has not changed one iota since the 70s. Actually you can still get a chicken or pork Souvlaki (at the the takeout window) for the same $3 it cost when I was in high school, and these were called "munchies."  The same owner is in charge, and still stops by to schmooze like you are old family.    They make all the standards, but where they excel is the traditional flame kissed Souvlaki and horizontally roasted gyros.  We shared a simple app of a tender warm pita, sliced to accompany a slab of creamy feta and seedless kalamatas touched with Balsamic. My wife went with the gyros experience.. the foil wrapped sammy overflowing with tasty stuff.. It was around $8 or so.  For $12, I went with a Greek Combo of pork Souvlaki and lamb/beef Gyros accompanied by tasty rice and Turlu, a Greek vegetable stew of squash, cabbage, carrots, potatoes and tomatoes.  We shared the Greek roasted potatoes which were the reason for the visit.  We've never been able to replicate them.  Olive oil, tomatoes and lemon juice are somehow involved.  They have a unique texture, both firm yet tender, and a richness of flavor that potatoes are just not SUPPOSED to have.   There are is a full bar, and the staff are ultra-casual, so you just can't be any more comfortable without eating in your car.  I guarantee we won't let another two decades pass before eating here again.
Best Greek in Philly by a long shot.  Great service and decor in the restaurant.  One of my overall favorites.
Every single thing the BF and I ordered there we were pleased with.

For starters, 33.00 for soup/sald, starter, entree and dessert? You make it so easy on us by giving us this option because of course we want to try lots of yummy things. 

The Greek Salad, Humous, spanakoipta, and rice pudding were all phenomenal. My BF loved the gyro platter as well and since it was his birthday and he really wanted a gyro sandwich the waitress was kind enough to just offer to bring a pita.

Everything was so good!  I can't wait to go back and really the rice pudding was the best I have ever had. I ate it over the course of the next two days to savor it!
This place is GREAT!!!! I went there for my birthday and it was a very enjoyable experience. The prices are affordable, the waitresses are attentive and best of all the food is AWESOME!!! I definitely recommend this place for a good time in the city!
This place has been on South Street for so long that I nearly forget it exists, especially with the huge influx of new restaurants (ethnic and not) in the last few years.  And then, like this weekend, I'll stumble in because the wait at my intended destination is too long, or I'll just walk by and decide that, gee, greek *does* sounds good tonight ...and each time I kick myself for not coming here more often.  The food is always good, it has a wonderful, homey feeling, and the price point is just right.
Walking down South Street looking for a mid afternoon snack, we noticed the strong reviews of this place. Decided on a piece of spinach pie (spanakopita) and my friend (who had had a lot of Greek food) and I agreed it was the best we've tasted!
I've been dining here for over 33 years; back when it was basically just a Take Out window with limited menu.  Tom used family recipes and the freshest of ingredients.  The food and ambiance is authentic greek to this day! Great job Tom, i wish you much continued success,  Jill
We ended up at SSS randomly after a few drinks at a nearby bar.  I was hesitant at first because I'm not an adventurous eater, but I soon overcame that.  

The interior is clean and quaint.  There is not a lot of room to move around.  We were there right before closing and had the place to ourselves.  If we had been paying more attention to the time, we probably would not have gone in.  They said nothing and still treated us like royalty. I'm fairly certain we held our server from being able to leave.  

The chicken kebob was awesome and seasoned perfectly.  The pita is something I'll probably dream about until I am able to go again for more.  

We ordered a Lima bean appetizer that was good, but would have been better served warm.  

The service was excellent.  Our server was genuine and friendly.  I could have done without the angry man in the kitchen yelling out at everyone else who was working, but whatever.  It added to the atmosphere.
I come for the sandwiches. I've had them all, and they never fail to disappoint. The chicken kebab sandwich needed a little salt on the chicken but other than that,  delish. 

I suppose  I'll eventually try some of their other dishes lol.
The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the baklava and pita were really good - not the best I've had, but both worth eating again. My takeout order was ready quickly, which was also good. My entree, on the other hand, was pretty much abysmal. I ordered the moussaka, which I didn't realize came with vegetables. I'm usually ecstatic when my entree includes veggies, especially when it's great mix of mushrooms, multiple types of squash, peppers, and carrots. However, they were so drenched in oil that they were basically flavorless and limp. 

The moussaka was by far the WORST moussaka I've ever had - and I know moussaka, right down to having eaten it in the Middle East, and knowing the variations on moussaka throughout the Mediterranean and Middle East. Greek moussaka includes tomato sauce. In fact, this article from The Guardian even states, "What most, if not all moussakas have in common is a tomato sauce...." There was NO tomato sauce on this moussaka. I did not taste any tomato in my moussaka, and my white plate showed no signs of red, hence, no tomatoes. Instead, it was pretty much a flavorless heap of meat and eggplant saturated in oil (like my vegetable side) and no hints of cinnamon. Maybe the cinnamon was lurking somewhere. I don't know. I couldn't identify it if was there. Maybe they forgot it, like the tomatoes. The béchamel sauce was okay, but not impressive. Honestly, I don't even remember any moussaka I've had that was anywhere near as awful as this one. 

Anyway, I think I've made my point. Aside from the baklava, my tastebuds aren't the least bit satisfied. If I ever return, it'll be for the baklava and nothing else.

Link to the article in The Guardian: https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/2012/apr/05/how-to-cook-perfect-moussaka
South Street Souvlaki may proclaim itself as Greek, but it's not quite Greek to me. With a Greek salad that's constructed primarily of iceberg lettuce, it's not exactly authentic island cuisine. That's not to say it wasn't tasty though. My Gyro was a hero in the flavor department with meat tender and juicy, if a bit over sauced. 

My wife had the assorted vegetarian platter dotted with orzo, potatoes, spanikopita, eggplant and a random broccoli stalk. The taste was pleasant if unspectacular, lacking the freshness that lends Mediterranean fare its due. You could tell the dish components were scooped to plate from warming trays, rather than made fresh to order. If it's from a food fair that's cool, but a food fair this is not.

Bottom line, the best way to experience South Street Souvlaki is from the sandwich side of the establishment, rather than from the restaurant side. After a night on the town, a sandwich here will clearly satisfy, but there are simply better choices if you're after the  full meal deal. 

-SZ
Excellent Service, Excellent food..
the only bad thing is no free refills :/
But the owner is a very nice man 
The food however is amazing, if you like greek food, you must come here
I love this place.
I was visiting from out of town and my aunt (local) took me to South Street Souvlaki because she was craving a gyro. I love being able to watch the food line to see the food and ask the cooks what they were.
There's a walk up window you can order to go, or sit inside in the cozy and cute interior.  It is a little cramped but we didn't mind. The decor was Mediterranean/Greek, tasteful without being over bearing.
Everything on the menu looked great but we ended up ordering fried cheese and grilled octopus for appetizers.
My aunt said they usually fry the cheese at the table but they had made some changes since the last time she was there. The grilled octopus was my favorite!
It comes on a greek salad and was perfect texture and taste. Not rubbery at all.
I didn't know what to order so I went with the lamb that came with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. I meant to order the slow roasted lamb shank but I misunderstood the server.
It was still very delicious and large in portion.
The server was very nice and patient. She treated us like we were part of her family.
The prices ranged from being very affordable to high end depending on what you order.
I absolutely adored this place, and wished I lived there so I could eat there more often!!!
You get what you pay for. I've been to South Street Souvlaki many times in the past, and have enjoyed it, but am disappointed in the recent the menu changes. The prices have gone down but so has the quality of the food. The gyro meat used to be great. Now it is nothing special. Also, avoid any of the food under the hot plate. It is cafeteria quality at best. Hopefully the place will turn around, but until then I won't be back.
My favorite Greek restaurant in Philly.

My father-in-law is Greek, and when he comes to visit Philly, we almost always go out for Greek food.

We've been to a few spots, but South Street Souvlaki is our favorite. The owner is Greek and is a great guy.

Start out with Baba Ghounash or fried calimari. 

Our favorite dishes are the Souvlaki Platter (pork)--so good, and the Greek Style Shrimp--there's a family and individual portion, and even the individual portion is huge. 

We end up here about twice a month now, and it never gets old. Sunday nights are a great time to go--not too busy.

Definitely check this place this out!
Salad was way overpriced. I can get this from a fast food Greek place for way cheaper and it'll be better. 

My boyfriends wrap was so dry he had to add hummus to it. Didn't finish it. 

2 stars because the chicken was pretty good and delivery was fine
Looks just like the pictures! Quick service! Friendly workers. Meat was savory. One of the best Gyros i've ever has!
I was here around 5pm on Saturday. This place has been here a long time and has a history of great gyros. I think once upon a time, they probably did have some of the best gyros and other Greek food in Philly, but I think there are Mediterranean restaurants that have opened in Philly that are much better than here. I also think their serving sizes aren't as large as they once were (possibly they are making the sizes a bit smaller rather than increasing the price.)

Here is where I derive my rating:

Service- 2:
Our waitress was average for most of the experience until we got the check. She dropped the check off at our table and then disappeared for a while. Then we were trying to get her attention while she talked to a group of 4 people at another table that she knew for about 15 minutes and was laughing and joking while she completely ignored us. It was pretty rude. We must have waited 20 or more minutes for her to come back after initially dropping off our check. Our bill was about $30. I wish I had smaller change so I could have just left it on the table and gone.

Food- 3:
Pita and hummus appetizer was good and pita was very warm which was nice. I wanted a lamb gyro but they only had beef & lamb and I couldn't just get it with lamb alone. So I ordered the Greek Grilled Shrimp. The salad was good but not the best Greek Salad that I have ever had. I've had better Greek salads at places like Sabrina which aren't even Mediterranean. The feta cheese was extra clumpy and unimpressive.

Ambiance- 4:
Place looked clean and crowd is better than most restaurants on South Street.

Price- 3:
Price is adequate for the food.
Got takeout for Mothers Day dinner. Everyone loved it and Tom was so sweet about making sure I had everything I needed. A South Street institution that always delivers!
A little confusing layout but overall great food and service. Waiter was attentive because it wasn't too busy. Ordered the gyro and it was amazing. Absolutely to die for! Also got a free dessert after our meal. What a wonderful surprise. For any mediterranean junkies, this is your new spot.
I've always walked by this place so we decided to order takeout.  The sandwiches we got along with the Greek salad were ok but the hummus was disgusting. I think an indication of a good Greek restaurant is their hummus. This one we couldn't stomach.
