I am picking up what you are putting down, Southgate! My friend and I had a catch up dinner on Tuesday and it was perfect! 

First off, I can't even believe the space was formerly Tangier. It has been completely transformed and looks very modern and sleek. While we passed on drinks, there is a full bar and it looks like a great spot to perch for drinks or a solo dinner. 

After reading the rave reviews of the KFC we had to share some to start, and I have to say it was incredible. We both liked the spicy version more but the garlic soy were also delicious. 

For my entree I went with the bibimbap with beef in a hot stone bowl. It was great, if perhaps a questionable choice on a hot summer night. I will save the sizzling bibimbap for cooler weather in the future. There are lots of other options I'd like to try in the meantime. 

Our server was pleasant and on top of keeping our water glasses full. My only gripe was that it was at times hard to hear him and even my friend over the din of the restaurant. Nothing that will keep me from going back, next time with some drinks thrown in!
My first experience at Southgate was probably atypical.  I got to sit and a slightly higher table, right next to the kitchen and eat all of the things.  The food and beverages were top notch and I just felt very lucky to be there.

I'll just get right to the hits.  Between the KFC and the beef tartare my palate was thrown toward different ends of the spectrum in both flavor and texture.  Presentation wise the tartare won but that was in look alone.  Both dishes were equally delicious.  The tartare felt very precise to me and that made it slightly more impressive.

The pork bossam and the skirt steak were just heavenly.  Thankfully I was able to get the group to agree on the octopus and the beet salad for some lighter options.  I could have easily sat there and continued to chat and stuff my face with this insanely delicious food.

Ever since that meal I haven't been out a great deal due to a new little one at home.  Suffice to say when I get a chance to go out again, I'm making a bee-line for Southgate.  The food here was that good.
Amazing find! Picked Southgate from looking at Yelp reviews and it did not disapoint! We started with the KFC wings after reading such great reviews and they definitely lived up to the hype. We had the spicy and they were not overwhelmingly spicy at all just full of flavor and a crunch like I've never seen on a wing. Next, we had the beef tartar and it was incredible! The sauce was perfect and the quality of the beef tasted like a top steakhouse. Finished up with the korean steak tacos and they were even better than everything else! The marinade on the steak made it melt in your mouth and the garnishes were refreshing and not overwhelming. 

Service was great with very friendly hosts and waitstaff. We missed happy hour but will definitely be back next time!
Ladies and Gentlemen, children of all ages of the Yelp world lets get this review rolling !

First let me just say this place is down right awesome in the gastropub scene. Great food , great service, down to the choice of beverage. Ok so you might want to get ready to love thy neighbor while you're in Southgate. What I mean by that is, it is tight quarters, so get ready to see and smell what they ordered. Along with that you'll hear everyone's business , with it being small. 

I met up with some Yelpers that evening which is always a fun time, so we'll call it a mini UYE. The first thing that was mentioned was "Get the Wings"! Who am I to turn down wings, it'd be Un-American if I did. I am a wing fan, and I am telling you , these are some of the best wings to be had. Big meaty wings, that would make Popeye's, KFC,and Crown go back to their drawing board.  

-Korean Fried Chicken~ A.K.A. "KFC" is what you'd say to your server, plus it even says is on their menu. Don't worry though, this isn't a Colonel Sanders recipe kiddies , so get ready to wipe your mouth. This is what you'd expect to bite into, now get ready for a crispy double fried wings with your choice of sauce. You can either go with their soy garlic or spicy gochujang, we  rocked out the gochujang as our option. UHHH-maze-ING

-Mandoo~ I know everyone knows what a dumpling is, and I am sure we all are saying "its a dumpling" what is so special about it. My friends, I said the same thing until I tried it, and yes it is a dumpling. The Mandoo is a fried beef dumpling, over a creamy  eggplant type of puree. To simply put with one word, three syllables which is De-Lic-Ious... Delicious.

There is so much more that I wanted to peruse, like their Bulgogi burger and their Bibimbap where this also had my mouth watering.  So besides the food being awesome, their cocktails and craft selections are just as good. I really, and I mean I REALLY enjoyed their Southgate Citywide Special. A great concocted blend of Sapporo with a shot of Soju that will make you order one after another. Careful though, it maybe subtle, but this will come up on you like a freight train if you have to many.

In all the server was on the ball, the food is great, and the beverages are on point. What else could anyone ask for? Minus the size and the closeness of everyone, Southgate is a great spot to visit. I know I'll be back, get that KFC ready!
I've been to Southgate multiple times now, and this is the lowdown: 

* Cocktails are interesting, bartender (Lisa) is VERY knowledgeable
* Happy hour prices are great ($6 house wines)
* Atmosphere is both minimalistic and cozy
* Menu just changed to include more foods that aren't deep fried (thank the lord!) - I haven't tried any of the new dishes, but both the snapper and pork dishes sound amazing!
* Large plates/entrees hover under $18-20, very reasonable
[* I wasn't a huge fan of the bibimbap, needed more flavor - when I took it home sriracha helped, but that doesn't say much for the dish.]

But really the ONLY THING you need to know is: 

* The KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) are the best wings in the city. They are crave-able. We have dreamt about them, they are that good - perfect combination of shatteringly crisp skin & sticky, sweet, spicy sauce (both options are good) & moist chicken. Yum. I want them NOW. 

Prices are VERY reasonable: two glasses of wine and a plate of wings (we took 3 home) during happy hour ran us $24 last week!
This place had been on my list for YEARS, probably since it opened.  Finally got around to ordering from there a while back and it was worth the hype.

Ordered some bao buns, spicy pork miso ramen, beef bibimbap and Korean fried chicken.  All of it was fantastic, layered with flavor and you get a lot of bang for your buck, but THAT FRIED CHICKEN THO.  Let's just say I'll never eat regular basic bitch fried chicken again in my life.  Southgate has officially converted me.  How does it get so crispy? So juicy? So succulent? So sweet and tangy? It's dark magic, indeed.

I did enjoy the other dishes, but honestly everything paled in comparison to the chicken.  I would just stick to that, honestly (although their burger sounded enticing).
I've been to Southgate twice now and I'm not going to stop. 

1. GET THE WINGS. Large portion, perfectly crispy, spicy is pretty spicy and they're a bit messy,  but they give you wet wipes.
2. Skip the buns. They were ok, nothing to write home about,  and you can do better (Bing Bing).
3. Try the Korean 76, the Korombian Punch, or the p&p.
4. Skip the white sangria and the ritten in the stars.
5. The bibimbap and hwe dup bap (basically a tuna rice bowl/salad situation) are good,  solid sized portions. Tuna is super refreshing.
6. End with the misugaru cake- like strawberry shortcake but the cake is a bit denser and not too sweet.

Service was great and you can make a reservation through Yelp Seatme. Great ambiance for a date, to catch up with a friend, or just grab a drink and a bite at the bar.  I hope they stick around and I hope they slowly integrate more traditional Korean foods onto their menu (pajeun, maybe some Korean soups/stews for winter?)
On the spur of the moment, we popped into Southgate for a quick bite as we were passing by on a Friday evening. 

We sat at the bar and since we were just minutes under the cutoff for Happy Hour (6:00pm), we quickly ordered a few things off the menu. 

We ordered some fried dumplings and a few Banchan (sides) items (Tofu and Eggplant). The tofu was my favorite. It had a nice sauce and the outer edges were lightly crispy. The dumplings were also tasty. The eggplant was good, but I was expecting a warm dish, so just keep in mind that the eggplant is served cold. 

The restaurant was lively and full of people. It's decorated with lights and has a nice atmosphere. They also have outdoor seating, which was completely full that night. The bartenders and staff were super friendly and efficient. 

I definitely plan to return for dinner one evening.
Finally got to try my most anticipated summer opening of this year!!! Here's everything you need to know! 

Service: For me, I tend to value service a lot when I eat out especially because I can for the most part cook the food I like to eat, service makes the experience from great to amazing if done right.  At Southgate, the service was great.  The hostesses were very accommodating and helpful, as this was my first time eating there, they were very helpful explaining that they do take reservations, what their hours were so far, and when they planned to launch the full menu.  With a group of about 10 people, I knew we were going to be a bit of a hassle to seat, but they did an amazing job of having us feel welcome and even sat us at one table and then moved us to the chef's table after it had opened up.  The waiter, which we had actually recognized from elsewhere was super attentive and helpful as well, he seemed to have that balance of not being pushy when it came to ordering and moving service along to being completely absent when we needed to request things.  The other owner guy (having recognized him from the philly.com article) also gave us an extra dessert which was a nice surprise after apologizing for long wait times (which for us we didn't even have to wait that long!) and that attention to small details let's me know they care about their business

Drinks: I. Love. These. Drinks.  From the various cocktails I had gotten to sample from different friends there wasn't a single one I wouldn't order again for myself, and some of them had alcohols I didn't even like.

Food: For dinner I got to try the wings, koreancini balls, pulled pork sandwich and the shortcake dessert.  First off, the wings are probably the best I've had in philly so far, the only thing that would prohibit me from ordering more is the price.  The koreancini balls to me were probably the most disappointing thing I ordered all night.  We had ordered on plate to split amongst our table, and the ball that I ended up with came to me unseasoned and bland, it tasted like fried fluff and by the time I got to my plate, there was no dipping sauce left on my plate because I ate with savages and the late bird gets nothing at that table.  My pulled pork sandwich came and I thought it was great, my only mistake was probably letting it sit while I waited for the rest of my table to get their orders.  In that time I guess the juices of the pork and slaw soaked into the bottom of the bun a bit, making me wish that that bun was toasted on a flat top for a bit +/- a tiny bit of butter.  I also REALLY LOVED THE FRIES. I could eat buckets of that stuff.  My only wish was that it had some sauce to dip it in, because naturally fries are the perfect vessels for sauce delivery and it felt weird not having any.  So, we asked the server and he offered us some of the sriracha ketchup that came on other things, and it was AMAZING!  Ideally if there was a combo meal where I could get wings and a plate of fries and a beer for ~$12-15, I'd be back at least once a week if not more.  Finally the dessert was a very fresh and clean finish.  I don't particularly care for the super sweet desserts of this world, and this was the perfect balance for me where it was just sweet enough for me to want more.

Overall for a soft opening this was a strong showing.  Service is right where it should be and I'm sure most of the food kinks will be worked out over time.  And I can definitely see this place becoming a local watering hole soon!  I'll be back.
Super solid delivery experience from Southgate last weekend! Though my husband and I have been to the restaurant plenty of times, it was our first time trying delivery. The restaurant did an incredible job wrapping everything securely, and the time between placing our order and receiving it was really quick! 

We started with the KFC (spicy) and the pork dumplings. My husband loves dumplings and I was lucky to snag one. Southgate's were very tasty and I really liked the dipping sauce. The KFC was delicious, as always. 

I stayed consistent with my main and got the Seoul hot chicken sandwich, with fries. It was delicious and definitely spicy. My husband had the pork ssam - I didn't try it but it looked great. Can't wait until we can enjoy a meal at the restaurant again but, in the meantime, I'm happy to know we can enjoy the same delicious food at home.
SouthGate is a go-to spot for happy hour, dinner, and just because for my group of friends. The food is delicious, the service is great, and the drinks are reasonably priced. It's nearly impossible to go wrong here.

Some menu highlights include:
- The Korean Fried Chicken, as far as sauce goes, I'm a soy girl but friends rave about the spicy too
- The Southgate fries, THE GOCHUJANG AIOLI IS DELICIOUS! I always ask for more.
- Dolsot Bibimbap, totally worth the additional cost for the hot stone pot because the rice gets perfectly crispy.
- The Bulgogi Burger, and if you're there for happy hour then you have to get the burger and beer special.

For happy hour, my personal favorite is the Southgate citywide. They also have a craft beer of the day and mystery beer (comes out in a paper bag) for $4. The options are great, especially for the price point!

I'd also recommend trying the yakult soju! Our server brought us a round of these once because he heard we were celebrating a birthday. This was delicious and almost tasted like an alcoholic go-gurt in the best possible, most delicious way.
Closed on Monday's. 

One of my favorite paces to dine in the area. I rave about their Spicy pork miso ramen.  Normally it's amazing but tonight it was lacking. The flavor profile was completely different than the last 3 times I have ordered it. The photos even look different. 

The SouthGate fries were a little too sweet for me but I found myself having just one more again and again lol. 

I feel so bad, I forgot that my friend doesn't eat pork. After raving about this place and their ramen, I was left feeling stupid because the only ramen they offer is pork based. 

Great place for happy hour.
My first time trying Southgate. It was really really good!!! Took me by surprise, I didn't even realize this was an Asian fusion restaurant. I thought it was another corner neighborhood pub. What a nice surprise! 

We had the druken whale sake, which was so delicious! Started with the buns, which were so fluffy and delicious. I like the sauce with it too. For dinner we had the Korean tacos and the ahi tuna salad. The ahi tuna was amazing! I felt like I was in Hawaii eating a fresh tuna poke bowl with avocado. Loved it! 

Service was also great. Our server helped us with a million questions we had about the menu. And he also offered some good suggestions. He even brought us a free sample of the unfiltered sake that we were pending to try! That unfiltered sake was also amazing! Reminded me of a boozy coconut juice, so good.  I wish the rest of the cocktails weren't so expensive, ($10 avg) because the choices looked really good and I would have tried more. 

Great food, great service. I'll definitely be back!
Beware the chicken sandwich! This place has very interesting dishes, but beware of that chiken sandwich. As someone who has tried the hottest of the hot and the spiciest of the spicy, I was blown away by this sandwich. Those of us who got it were crying and sweating, our skin was burning and we couldn't really taste anything because of how overwhelming the spice was. We asked the waiter if that was normal and he said we were not the first people to ask that that evening and maybe it was just extra spicy that night. Whatever it was ,it wasn't really enjoyable. 

The only thing I really liked from the dinner was the kimchi fries. We sat outside and the ambiance is nice. The staff are nice too, but I'm not racing back.
I really wanted to like this place, but ended up walking away disappointed and hungry. The bf and I came here on a Thursday night for a double date at 7pm, and was seated immediately. Quick seating is always a plus! (Not even 5 minutes later the line was out the door, so arrive early). However, we were disappointed as soon as the drinks arrived. Tiny portions with not so tiny prices - be prepared to shell out some money to walk away full. 

Food/Drinks:
- Spicy Pulled Pork Sandwich ($13)
  The flavor of the pulled pork was just like any other, and the small portion size did not help. The only part of the meal that our entire group enjoyed were the gochugaru fries. Advertised as "house fries" that come with any sandwich, it came out as fries sprinkled with chili pepper and gochujang ketchup. 
- Korean BBQ Beef Tacos ($14)
  So. Small. As soon as the plate was set in front of me, I already knew it was going to be a ramen night after I got home. The three tiny tacos had pretty good flavor, but were so small and lacking in the filling. (Heads up for cilantro-haters; ask for them to take it out if you're cilantro-averse!)
- Korombian Sake Punch ($10)
  Tasted a little watered down, and was very small for the price. All of the delicious aspects of the drink that were advertised (honey, lemon, citron tea, Korean melon, pomegranate juice) were nowhere to be found.

Atmosphere:
- Quick seating if you arrive early
- Not too loud, which was surprising; you can definitely hear one another if you're with a small group
- There's outdoor seating, which is sure to be enticing on a nice summer night
- Our waitress was a little bit on the slower side and looked flustered most of the night, but it also was the first official opening night of the pub

Overall:
I think I'll give it one more try (maybe with the wings and koreancini), but my hopes for any good quality korean or korean-fusion food are certainly dashed for the Center City area.
~Came here last Friday around 8ish with one other friend --we were both excited that finally a Korean place opened up in downtown Philly again. Food/drink selection wasn't as expected. Where's the pajeon and ddeokbokki?? No makgeolli either and the soju is muddled in a fancy cocktail priced at $12 (with that price I could buy 3 bottles of plain soju a few blocks down at Wine and Spirits!) I guess I was hoping too much that it would be a like Hongdae bar. The location of the bar should have been a dead give away that it would be catering to a different crowd and taste. Actually it's my fault for not reading articles regarding this place beforehand--they did say it was going to offer "Korean inspired flavors". Oh, so you are one of those places that add kimchi to food and call it Korean.

I'd probably come back for the wings and sweet potato fritters on a late Sunday night when it's not so noisy. Defintely not going to have the bulgogi burger or spicy pulled pork sandwich again because they were just ehhh. Our bill was about $100 for two people.....geesus we could've gotten 4 large orders of chicken from BonChon or Soho *smacks forehead*........
Went here with a friend on a Saturday around noon and we were able to sit down immediately at a table outside.  The waiters were very friendly, attentive, and the food came out quickly.

The fried beef patty burger - pretty good.  I ordered it "medium" as opposed to "medium rare" and it was too rare in the middle for me.
The kimchi poutine - outrageous.  It's comes out in a hot stone bowl and sizzles for a good 5-10 minutes after being served.  My friend really like it.  Good fries in both meals.

They have a decent tap list, too.  I will keep an eye on the menu and see if anything changes that brings me back for more.  For now though, I think we got the gist of what they're serving.
I tried this place when I was spending the weekend at my boyfriend's house and he suggested we order it. We ended up ordering the bulgogi burger and Korean fried chicken. 

The burger looked really good, but I only tried the fried chicken. The chicken was incredible, so flavorful. The chicken was so crispy and prob was the best chicken ive had. 

I would order from this place again.
Wow, what a unique concept for a gastropub--this is definitely not a theme that I have stumbled across before. A sleek and minimal feel for the space makes the tiny tables in the bar area feel less cramped than they actually are. There is a communal table in the back (near the open kitchen) that would benefit larger groups and the bathroom is downstairs.

As everyone else has mentioned, you ought to get the wings. Don't afraid of the hot wings--they are not so hot as to make you tear up and pack a more flavorful punch than the sweet wings. No matter the flavor, you are in for an ample, crunchy portion. The kale salad was the perfect size for two to share as a starter, and the mashed avocado made the dish. The buns were light and sweet and were a good addition as a starter to our meal. But what really stole the show was the dessert (check the specials board). We had a caramel pot de creme with peanut brittle and dark chocolate on top... I can still taste it melting in my mouth. 

Service was fantastic and felt more upscale than the title "gastropub" would suggest. All of the servers I've had are knowledgeable about the drinks menu. I don't remember which of the signature cocktails I had, but it was whiskey-based, strong, and reminiscent of an old-fashioned--in a word, delicious.

An excellent place to come with friends for drinks and small plates--I'm sure I will be back again soon.
(To the tune of "Starving" by Hailee Steinfeld)

You know, I'm so hungry
My stomach's rumbling, 
I need something tasty
Or else I'll be tumbling
The more that I have read, the more I want to
Check out Southgate tonight
And finally try that bulgogi... burger......

I didn't think that I was starving, 'til I tasted you.
Eating like an animal, just bring me back to Philly's Zoo
By the way, by the way, these wings taste oh-so-naughty
I didn't think that I was starving, til I tasted you.

You know just the right flavor, bring me higher
Elevating dishes. Made me a sigh-er.
Feel like I'm melting into my seat right now.
Spicy Brussels sprouts, Zing....
Checked out Southgate last night
And finally tried that bulgogi... burger......

I didn't think that I was starving, 'til I tasted you.
Eating like an animal, just bring me back to Philly's Zoo
By the way, by the way, these wings taste oh-so-naughty
I didn't think that I was starving, til I tasted you.

GREAT burger. Truly terrific. The wings nail it on texture and flavor, and six were plenty as they're big and meaty. Fries were unremarkable. For our "side" we got banchan, which is a rotating seasonal side duo. Brussels and radishes, both spicy, both fantastic. Left feeling satisfied but not STUFFED as the pair of split the burger, wings, and sides. 

Chairs weren't terribly comfortable and, maybe a pet-peeve, but I HATE when tables are like iron grates (which their outdoor tables are). Makes any potential spill a hazard to your pants/shoes!

Top notch meal, though not SO amazing that I'm rushing back. Would recommend, though, especially if you haven't tried.
To sum up my experience in one word: AMAZING! This place was so great! I've been wanting to go for the longest time, so I'm glad I finally got a chance to check this place out. When you walk in, the spot is quaint and trendy - it  makes for a really nice date spot! The space is small, but it's not overly quiet with everyone that's in there. There's a bar with ample seating in this space, that actually happens to take up a lot of space - however, it makes the table seating much cozier. 

FOOD: 
Korean Fried Chicken in spicy sauce - this was amazing! I definitely recommend this. Somehow they make the skin extra crispy, like it's almost floating on top of the chicken underneath. I know that makes no sense, but when you get it you will love it. 
Beet salad - this was good. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I could have eaten the bacon that came with it. I tried a little of the vinegarette to see what I was missing and I was definitely missing a lot. 
Dolsot Bimbimbap - THIS WAS GREAT! It was a rainy and cold day when we ate; the mood was somber, but this dish just warmed us both up right away! It was delicious, when we asked our waiter if it's worth it to get the sizzling dish, he said the crunch of the rice that you get with this dish is uncomparable and he wasn't lying. It was truly delicious and the crunch of the rice tied all of it together. 
Burger - our waiter told us this was voted best burger in Philly and after eating it, I one-hundo p agree. This is an amazing burger and the fries that came with it were perfect. 

I really wish we had had room for dessert, but it was just not happening. Oh well, guess I'll have to come back and try more! The menu is awesome, so I'd definitely come back to try something new!
I'm a big fan of this place--- more specifically their Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) Wings! They have this amazing crunchy exterior along with its flavorful glaze. It's tangy and spicy and overall delicious. It really is something you need to experience firsthand! Come for the wings, stay for the atmosphere! 

Plus: they have happy hour!
Here's the thing about Southgate:  I didn't think it was Korean enough!  Let me explain.  

The wings are excellent.  Can't complain about perfectly fried (multiple times) jumbo wings with good sauces.  I preferred the spicy version better, but it's up to your tastebuds on this one.  For some reason I thought that there would be some mind boggling Korean flavor burst that I've never had before, but to my slight disappointment, they were just really good wings.

As for the burger, which was just named a Philly's Best, I had a similar problem.  It was cooked perfectly and had nice flavor, but I was expecting some Korean fireworks.  I liked it better with some extra pickles.  Same thing goes for the fries: good, but not what I was expecting.

Service was perfect.  They were attentive, well spaced and very friendly.  I like the space, and there was a nice local vibe going on.  It's a place I would drop in on again if I were in the area, but not one that I would walk all the way across the city for, like I did tonight.
Nice spot first time here since they became SOUTHGATE cute small place for girls night or even a date loved their rice bowl but sampan is much better lol
After two check ins, Yelp is asking me, what keeps you coming back? 

My answer: THE WINGS! 

Honestly, I think they're the best wings I've had in Philly, so crunchy on the outside and so juicy on the inside. They're somewhat pricey ($12 for 7 wings) but the wings are huge and meaty, so I usually only need 4-5 wings paired with some beer for a full meal. I loved both their flavors, but I'm slightly partial towards the soy garlic. Other items on the menu include a variety of Asian fusion dishes, but they seemed mediocre at best in my opinion. However, the service is excellent and meticulous (they gave us little wet wipes because the wings can be messy on the fingers) and the ambiance is upbeat and modern. Also, I tried one of their specialty cocktails, which was delicious, and I'd love to try more of them! As such, I'd definitely come back regularly for the wings and the drinks. 

And so, yes Yelp - "Yay! I'm a fan"
I will be the first to admit I don't know much about Korean food, but I'd like to think I know something about GOOD food, and this is it!

We waited a month to check South Gate out because, invariably, a brand new place has kinks to work out, so I'd rather wait until they are. With that in mind, if they had any kinks to begin with, they've been dealt with. From decor to ambiance to service to menu selection to quality of food and beauty in its plating, I think South Gate pretty much nailed it.

We arrived before any other diners, (because that's what you do when you have a baby with you!) and were seated with high chair and sippy cup of water for baby. The place is beautiful. Sleek yet inviting decor. Fresh flowers. 

Unusually for me, I wasn't super hungry but we wanted to try a bunch of things.

We wet our whistles with a few beers. I got a delicious and heady vanilla porter. I think my husband got a sour ale...Not sure, but we were both happy. These were big pours for the price. If you're one who likes to dine at the bar, this one is aesthetically pleasing and well stocked.

For apps, Koreancini rice balls and sweet potato fritters. Both fried, neither greasy, but instead light, crispy and delicious. The Koreancini was accompanied by a mild but flavorful roasted cherry tomato dipping sauce. The fritters were complemented by a tangy chili sauce. 

For entrees,my hubby got the wings (even though it's a starter, it is a LARGE portion), as they are always his favorite, and consequently, what he's most critical about. I asked how they were. "Great" he said, through a full mouth which loosely translates into, "These are really effing good." I didn't try them, but I would take his word for it.

We tried both the beef and tuna rice bowls. The tuna hwe dup bap was fresh, crispy, not too salty with just enough asian flair to compete with the best tuna tartare I've had.

 The beef bibimbap? Well, if I'm being truthful without reservation, this was the best dish of anything I've had in a long time. I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and want for nothing more. Honestly. I plan to return here at least once a week (ok, maybe just once a month) just for this dish. I didn't get the hot bowl because my long-armed baby may have burned herself. But the beautiful fried egg atop a mountain of fresh, lightly cooked vegetables and perfectly seasoned and tender beef, sticky rice, sauce....oh my god... The best.

At the end of that I can't believe I challenged my stomach to take in more, but I managed to scarf down half the shortcake dessert. Now, fruit in my dessert is not typically my thing, but this offered a fresh approach to an old standby. From what I understand, there was a ground powder popular in Korea worked into the cake batter. It lent a spicy and unusually pleasant flavor I've never tasted before. So if fruity desserts aren't your thing either, give this one a chance!

For those reviewers who complaining about price, I'm honestly confused. I paid only slightly less for lunch at Stella Pizzeria last week and was left hungry and disappointed. The prices at South Gate are more than appropriate: you are getting quality, portion size and finesse. Just because it's labelled "gastropub" doesn't mean you should expect to pay for average bar food. This is GOOD food. I've certainly paid much more in fancier restaurants and got far less.

With one meal, this has become my new fav.
Visited philly from NYC to get away from the hot August city and eat some new things, wander in some new neighborhoods.  Southgate was on the list for a Saturday night dinner and drinks date for two of us and did not disappoint. The menu is curated and thoughtful - dishes range from accessible to more adventurous and all are delicious.  Wish we had a neighborhood place like this near us back home.

Appetizers:

Koreancini - fried rice balls with sweet corn and a fresh roasted tomato dipping sauce

The special pork buns with honey dipping sauce - soft pillowy buns and slow roasted pork with honey dipping sauce on the side (so filling!)

Chicken wings - sweet, salty, covered in sauce and messy gooey deliciousness (huge portion!)

Entrees:
Tuna hwe dup bap - I had never had this before and it was refreshing, light and a delightful mix of crunchy light vegetable flavored, fresh tuna, sesame oil, rice and a bit of spicy sauce. Yum.

Bulgogi burger - whoa. Rich, buttery bun and perfectly toasted bread, umami salty sweet marinated patty, cucumber pickles and a huge heap of fries. Wow. 

Dessert:
The little flour shortcakes with fresh cream and fresh strawberries and blueberries. We were so stuffed by this point but took this down as well.

Drinks:
We had an amazing local vanilla ale (so refreshing), a beautiful porter, the old boy cocktail (yum!! spirit forward but still tempered by citrus), the p&p, and the Korumbian which had a lovely anise flavor and was not too sweet.

Waters were always filled, service was attentive but not too much so and really really nice, atmosphere was hoppin on a Saturday night but not was not a pretentious crowd. Was a great neighborhood spot and perfectly chill vibe. Plus the chef was owning the kitchen with the open kitchen thing going on - always awesome to see.

Obviously by the end of the night, we had to slowly ROLL out of there we were so full. 

Can't wait to go back!
Kudos to Michelle C for tipping me onto this Asian fusion joint with her review during the early stages of COVID. It took us a minute to get to 18th and Lombard, but our first meal didn't disappoint.

Southgate doesn't try too hard with an overwhelming menu, but the balance of it will appeal to carnivores, vegetarians, and those who seek some mild spice in their palette. My GF and I ordered two waves of three small plates, devouring just about everything. Favorites included the KFC wings, Brussels, veggie dumplings, and most prominent, the spicy pork Bao Buns. Pillow soft bun, shredded pork, acidic pickles and spicy sauce - spectacular.

Our server, Evan, was solid and our tab was more than reasonable for all we ordered. Great Friday night date.
Solid 4-star, only because I merely did not quite try enough to bump them up to 5-star (yet)...

Came here with CP a few days prior to Turkey Day (i.e. Thanksgiving) to give them a test run.  We each had some food and drinks.  The bartender was happy to describe the drinks on the menu and help guide selection.  The P&P I had truly hit the spot and the tacos were filling without being heavy (if that makes any sense).  We did not try to wings, as described in so many other reviews.  They looked awesome, friends say they are awesome, I will confirm during a future visit.

The wait wasn't outrageous, but we found seats at the bar.  The hostess was willing to move us to seats once they opened up, but we decided to stay put.  I wouldn't call the atmosphere unique, but it still very nice yet a bit tight.  Therefore, I would probably recommend reservations in advance for a larger group.  Otherwise, more details will come as I try more...  And I will be trying more!
I was so excited for this restaurant to open that I went ahead and made this yelp page for it weeks in advance! I went opening weekend with a group of 14 people and had a really awesome experience! We didn't think to make a reservation, but the hostess was kind enough to seat us right away at the chef's table right by the kitchen. The server was also very attentive and patient, considering people in our party were walking in sporadically every 10 minutes or so. For food we ordered the soy ginger korean fried chicken (7 pcs/order) and koreancini balls (5 pcs/order) to share, and I got the bulgogi burger as my main. The meat was a little dry and the side of gochugaru fries could definitely use a lot more seasoning to really POP, but still a solid meal. They also gave us an extra dessert (misugaru cake with berries and creme) on the house for the delayed service, which most of us didn't even notice! 

I came back the Friday after with a friend, again without a reservation, and got a nice outdoor table right away. We ordered the sake punch and the koreana 76 off the cocktail menu and they were both delicious and super refreshing! We tried the KFC again, this time half sweet and half spicy, and I actually preferred the gochujang flavor - it's not too spicy and just sweet enough. For our mains we ordered the bibimbap and the pulled pork burger, which were both stellar. I actually enjoyed the pork burger much more than the bulgogi burger from my previous visit. The fries were crispy and cooked to perfection, and the ketchup/gochujang mixed condiment for dipping was a really great touch to the dish.

Definitely a fan of this place and will be coming back often! It is a little pricy for everyday eating  and it's not necessarily authentic korean food, but nevertheless a great addition to the food scene in philly!
Heard a lot about Southgate, so decided to come here last night with a few friends. Perhaps it was because of the high expectations (particularly about their wings), but the food did not really wow me.  As a starter, we shared their highly praised KFC (Korean fried chicken) wings - half soy garlic and half spicy gochujang. It came out hot and crispy (and was really big!).  As a spicy-food-fanatic, I was surprised that I preferred the soy garlic. It had a more memorable flavor profile, while the gochujang was just plain spiciness (could use some citrus seasoning, for example). While I loved how crispy and juicy the wings were, the flavors didn't really seep into the actually chicken, so unless you're eating the flour crust/skin, there wasn't much flavor.

I ordered the marinated beef bibimbop (without the stone pot - I think it's rather ridiculous to pay $2 just based on the bowl that your food is served in!), and was rather disappointed.  While the flavors were good, it came out cold, the egg on top was overcooked, and the beef was rather tough. I really wanted to like Southgate, especially since there aren't many Korean restaurants in the area; however, I don't think I'll go back for a while. And if I were to go back, it would be for the ambience and I would not be getting the same dishes again.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- last visit: this past weekend for their happy hour
- frequency: been there ~10 times as I live very close 
- next visit: not particularly drawn to the place. will go if friends haven't been there 

FOOD:
* firstly, i must state my conflict of interest as I am Korean thus I have an innate tendency to criticize westernized Korean food*
- good introduction to Korean food, made very approachable and educational
- appreciate that the food items are in Korean so there's that cultural learning
- fried chicken is similar to what I used to have in Korean so not totally far off
- dduk bok ki is served with rice which does not happen with conventionally dduk bok ki but it seems like they wanted some carbs on that plate 
- overall, over-priced for the quantity/quality of food you get (my opinion) but if you're new to Korean food, not a bad place to start

VIBE: 
- friendly 
- home-ly
- i always see the same bartender with the cool hat. very friendly guy.
I was a little bit sketched out when I was able to get a reservation last minute on a Friday night. But I have been eyeing this place up for a while so I figured I would just give it a shot! 
We started with a variety of drinks from a sake punch, sangria and their version of an old fashioned - all of the drinks were perfectly made. 
We then ordered the Korean fried chicken for an app. They came out with 6 huge wings, half soy and half spicy. They were so crispy and so delicious! I could have just had this for dinner! 
We had chicken katsu, japchae, and burgers for dinner. I wouldn't be able to tell you a favorite because they were all amazing and they all came out hot! They all had totally different flavors and I was truly impressed that they were able to make such awesome dishes.
Went for the soft opening at a time that eventually will be their happy hour. It wasn't up and running yet, but I assume that now that they have "hard opened?" that the happy hour is in full swing. We sat at the bar and I tasted most of the cocktails between what I ordered and what my ladies were having. Overall the cocktails were good, but I did feel like they were a little heavy on the ice since we went through them quicker than usual, but maybe we were just VERY thirsty. The bartender was lovely and attentive and happy to sell us more slightly overpriced drinks.

We tried the Korean fried chicken wings, which were delicious and way overshadowed the potato fritter/dumpling thing we also got. The vibe is clean and modern, but also dark and intimate. They fit seating in practically every square inch of the place, which is probably a good thing, since it was pretty crowded even at the soft opening. I LOVED the wallpaper in the bathrooms. The whole renovation is a far cry from old Tangier, but I have to say I do miss the headless camel in the window. I'll get over it I guess...and I'll be back for more Korean fried chicken wings.
This place checks off all the boxes for me. Great happy hour deals (1/2 off drafts!), including food. I tried the 3pc Korean fried chicken ($6) and the HH Brussels sprouts ($3). Food came out very fast and though small portions, I felt it was just right for being able to try several things. The diner next to me at the bar got the katsu chicken and it looked so good, I was compelled to order more food. I got the fried rice ($11) with kimchi and pork belly. The kimchi was amazing. 

They have outdoor seating and a modern aesthetic which makes the Korean menu somewhat unexpected. I definitely see myself coming back for happy hour and dinner. There are so many more things on the menu I must try!!
I can't ding them for their clientele, even though there seem to be an awful lot of loud and insipid people packed inside...it's like a slightly improved version of the "Founding Fathers" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of the "Howl at the Moon" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of tree sloths, perhaps.

But back to the food, which is what matters. The place is reasonably priced and the food is great--Korean comfort food. It's not good for you, but if you want that, go to a real Korean place and get something full of veggies. 

At Southgate, get the quintuply fried wings (KFC) that are truly terrific in Korean hot sauce (gochujang). Pass on the pork belly buns--they are ok but nothing to Yelp© about. The autumn salad was very nice, too.

Korean tacos look like they're going to be a problem with the meat smothered in what appears to be a cream sauce of some sort, but actually the sauce is quite light and the tacos are terrific. For me the star was the Bulgogi burger, which I'm still thinking of weeks later... Not the right cuisine descriptor, but it's the most "umami" thing you'll ever eat. Spiced like bulgogi with the real deal trimmings and a great soft bun. Really fantastic and highly recommended. 

Go here and don't look back and enjoy. A fun and inventive restaurant with great food and service--enough that you can ignore everyone else and have a good and unhealthy meal with a friend.
The wings are excellent!

The prices will kill you.

The wings are very Bonchon-esque and worth every penny, but other things on the menu are way overpriced for South St. They're charging Rittenhouse prices for upscale bar food. Like the tofu tacos - tofu and some mayonnaise for $12? The drinks are good, but they're nearly Franklin Mortgage prices for small, above average cocktails. 

Definitely worth a try, but two apps and three drinks set us back almost $75 with tip, so it's just not a place we can really frequent. Definitely stop by for the wings though.
I would come back here, yeah. Our server was kind and personable, and I loved sitting outside on 18th street. The food was good, and there are happy hour specials to enjoy from 5-6:30. 

I would come back here, yeah, but I wouldn't order the hot stone bi bim bap (rice, veggies, a few strips of beef, $17) or a draft beer (10 oz of Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, $7) because I felt seriously ripped off. After tax and tip, that's $31 for BI BIM BAP AND A 10 OZ IPA.

Oof.
After returning from a trip from South Korea, I just couldn't seem to get enough Korean food. I'd had Southgate in my bookmarks for months, so I decided to snag up a last minute reservation and see what all the buzz was about. I was not disappointed. 

We arrived ten minutes early and our table wasn't ready yet. There was room to sit by the railing near the back which I was grateful for because it was really cold outside. I ordered the persimmon soju ($16) It came in a ceramic container with two little cups. The persimmon flavor was readily apparent, the drink was only slightly sweet which I liked. 

We were seated about five minutes after our reservation time. We ordered the banchan which was brussel sprouts and pickled radishes that night. The radishes were good, but they were American style radishes. 

We ordered a few more small plates to share. The star of the show was the octopus. The pieces were a little crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth tender on the inside with a creamy savory sesame sauce and spicy pineapple kimchi to give the perfect balance of heat and sweetness. I think this might be the best octopus dish I have ever eaten anywhere! 

The Korean fried chicken was crispy outside and juicy inside. We got one order of spicy and one order of sweet. The chicken was good, but I prefer crispier skin in favor of crispy batter. This style was the later. The spicy was pretty weak in terms of heat, which was kind of surprising after the octopus. Don't get me wrong, it was really good, but my personal preference for KFC leans more towards what you get at Cafe Soho with the light batter and crispy skin. However, I loved the spicy Korean fries at Southgate! They were fresh and crispy with some heat from the dried peppers. 

I ordered another cocktail that was the special with apple brandy and an egg white and pepper. It was really well balanced. 

The only disappointment that night was dessert. We got a meringue one. It was just the hardened meringue cookies you can buy in a plastic tub at the grocery store with some jam on it. Too sweet and not very satisfying. 

Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. Service was friendly and prompt. It was a little pricey, but since it was tasty, I didn't mind so much. I plan to return soon!
What a cool idea it is to open a Korean gastro-pub!  Southgate adds a whole new menu of foods to the typical Center City pub.  I really enjoyed drinks and dinner here.  I loved the Korean version of the Citywide - here it was Sapporo and a shot of Soju.  The sweet potato fritters were more than tasty as was the Korean fried chicken.  My one complaint about the chicken was that it was supposed to be spicy.  It wasn't at all to me.  My friend's Dolsot Bibimbop looked very good and she was pleased with it.  The place looks good, service was fine ... but there was one other thing that I think is kind of annoying.  We arrived at 5:15 on a weekday.  Of course I know it's happy hour and I had checked that out beforehand online.  The hostess gave us only a regular drink menu and the waiter brought over only a regular food menu.  I had to ask for the Happy Hour menu....and when I did I got a response, "Oh do you want a Happy Hour menu?"  C'mon - if you have Happy Hour specials just give out the menu and don't make people have to specifically ask for it or otherwise miss out on the special offers.  Despite this, I still think Southgate is a good four-star addition to Center City Philly!
I actually love this spot. It has a very nice ambiance inside and comfortable seating outside. I wasn't particularly a fan of Monk fish. It's a very very meaty fish, like a freakin prime rib. It was incredibly strange, but some people enjoy it. However, we REALLY loved their Korean fried chicken. It was double fried, crunchy, and simply phenomenal. You can tell the chef here knows what he's doing. Beautiful presentation of food. Great date night.
Solid 4-star spot right around the corner from a friend's place. For the immediate area I was extremely happy with the food and the service. 

Draft beers appear seasonal and though there aren't a ton to pick from there are enough to satisfy a variety of beer drinkers. Overall a nicely curated list. The cocktails look lovely, even though I didn't partake. Next time for sure. 

The food menu is limited but what they do, they do well. Mandoo was a good substitute for the  steamed buns - which were sold out (so disappointed they didn't have these - it was merely 7pm). Bibimbap with tofu was on point and a large serving which probably would have worked to share if accompanied by a couple apps. 

Ate at the bar - service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing... And he wasn't hard on the eyes either. 

Recommend this place for sure.
My ongoing saga for good, mildly authentic Korean food in Philly continues as I attempted Southgate a few months back (listen, 2017 was a hard year!). Now, I have -never- had success with any place that sells both fried chicken and bibimbap, but you have to give everyone a fighting chance.

That being said, my boyfriend and I dined al fresco on the tiny streets of Grad Hospital with a soy garlic happy hour appetizer, which were appropriately crunchy and sweet. The only fault was the whopping 3 wings on the plate for the price, but I'm not bitter considering the atmosphere. I also urged him to try out soju, so we split a bottle of Cham, or I guess it's Charm...romanization is weird. I've never had this brand out of the US but it's like a cross between Choeum Cheoreom and Chamiseul: not bad, not great.

Onto the entrees. I gave into the temptation of a steak dolsot bibimbap while my boyfriend bravely (read: naively) ordered jajjangmyun. The bibimbap was about what I expected, but I respect no establishment that doesn't give me the bottle of bibimbap sauce because it needed way more than what they gave me. The jajjangmyun was as disappointing as expected, with hardly any noodles, the sauce on the bottom, and the bonchan used as a garnish (and not even all that nicely). The flavor was kind of there but meh, needed salt.

Hopefully Southgate has improved over the months, since this was in August. I'll be back soon!
What a find! Prior to trying there Korean Fried Chicken the best KFC chicken I have had was at Andy's Chicken on South Street. This KFC tastes healthier and is rockin!

I had the Soy KFC however after rereading their menu I see you can order both Soy and Spicy combined, I thought you had to choose one option, good to know for next time.

The $8 dollar French Fries were a giant failure and I had to throw out over half the order, way too much seasoning on fries for me but if you like alot going on with sauces on your fries maybe you will like. I wish they had an option for a more basic fry hint hint SOUTHGATE please add this option to your menu ; )

Lastly, I ordered the crisy tofu side item for $4. The order came with only three pieces however this was soooo good. It really blew me away and I almost wish I didn't find it as I see my self ordering take out from this place just to place an order for several side orders of there crispy tofu!

Apparently, this place has a brunch menu which includes Green Tea Waffles, sausage, egg, and cheese dumplings whatttt!! I will be back here in less then a week for sure!

This review has the most exclamation points I have ever used describing a restaurant btw - try them NOW!

As always people SYOY!!!
This is a super cute restaurant in Rittenhouse square! The food is Korean with a tapas twist to it. The menu looked amazing so we got a few items to share among 3 people: "KFC" (Korean fried chicken ), lamb steamed buns, bibimbap - hot stone and a side of the Brussel sprouts. The fried chicken was to die for - absolutely cooked and seasoned to perfection. That was definitely the table favorite. The second favorite was the dolsot bibimbap - which came in a sizzling hot stone and sauce on the side to stir in as your food cooks in front of you. Note the sauce is a little spicy so if you have zero tolerance for spicy food like I do consider opting out. It was still perfect without the sauce.  The lamb buns I was not a huge fan of only because they were really spicy and I did not have any warning before I ate them. Again if that's your thing go ahead and order it! Overall the food, service and ambiance was great - definitely go check it out.
This is a great spot to grab dinner and drinks on a Friday night! With a group of 4 and no reservation, we ate at the bar. Happy hour with half priced drafts and wines is from 5-7 pm. They've got a nice variety of drafts here and also offer discounted snacks like a 3 pc kfc and banchan. 

We tried the soy garlic kfc; it was so yummy! Super crispy skin but still juicy chicken. I'm glad we got the happy hour portion though bc this is heavy, and I don't think I could handle an entree portion of this. 

My bf had a bibimbap that I know he enjoyed! Although he was bummed that getting a hot stone bowl would make it a $16 dish so he opted out. I had the japchae which to be honest I'm still thinking about. It's stir fried veggies with glass noodles. I added the beef to it, and it was so savory, flavorful, and spicy. I will hands down be getting this again when we go back.
Came here for brunch 3 days ago and had a fantastic time!

We ordered all the items that I posted in my photos, as well as the Kimchi Blood Mary and the Korean 76 (prosecco/soju based cocktail). The Korean fried chicken (KFC) was legit both in terms of texture (nice exterior crunch w tender meat on the inside) and flavor. But having had KFC at multiple joints previously my opinion is that they're all comparable and though the ones here are outstanding, it's not more amazing than other KFC spots.

I like green tea flavored anything, so I opted to have the fried chicken w green tea Belgian waffle. It had a nice hint of green tea flavor but I wished it was crispier. I tasted my friend's short rib and I thought that was the most scrumptious dish of the day...I might also be swayed by the fact it was accompanied by 2 perfectly poached eggs over rice.

The Kimchi Bloody Mary was excellent, but it could be spicier. The soju on the side was a nice touch.

Service was impeccable, my friends and i felt very well attended to...one of our phones ran out battery and our server returned within a minute w/ a phone charger, and was just so friendly and unintrusive throughout our 3-hour long stay. 

Side note: we tried showing up on a Friday night w/out a reservation and there was a 1-2 hr wait so we came back 2 days later for Sunday brunch and was promptly seated w/ ample space left in the restaurant. I don't think most ppl know how awesome their brunch menu is...I would take this place over a lot of other well-known brunch spots in the city any day...
I came here for dinner and ordered the korean fried chicken (KFC) wings (half spicy and half soy).  The wings were crispy and tender.  The flavors were okay - I still prefer Cafe Soho over these.  Comes with about 6-7 wings.  

I had to get the burger, which was recently rated as the best burger in Philly.  The bulgogi burger is a nice combination of american and korean fusion.  Very juicy and perfectly cooked to medium. I'm a traditionalist so I wouldn't say that this is the best burger in Philly.  This is the best bulgogi burger though! 

Wifey had the bibimbop and she said it was ok for her standards - I think I would rather get the hot stone pot over at Giwa at 16th and Sansom. 

Overall - good new restaurant in the area that I'll come back to!
After strategically planning my social calendar to check this place out, I was really glad to finally experience the greatness of southgate.
For an avid Korean cuisine fan, it's kind of pricey,  but given the quality and location, you are paying for a great experience.
The staff here is friendly and very professional - our waiter Dan, I believe, was on point.
My friends and I came 15 mins early to our 7:30 pm reservation - given the amount of people there, I highly recommend making a reservation. It is SUPER popular on a weekend.
They have a decent selection of drinks - my friends enjoyed their cocktails, particular the running nam (pun after the popular variety series the running man) which was delicious !
We had their pan seared octopus, which was creatively displayed as a single tentacle - I thought that was hysterical. It was soft and not overcooked which was good, but flavor wise I wasn't in love with it.
My favorite was the dolsot bibimbap with beef - definitely tasty and I asked for extra gochujang to spice it up more.
Everyone really enjoyed their KFC -  soy garlic and spicy gochujang. Personally I enjoyed the soy garlic in terms of flavor but I liked the kick of spicy gochujang. The skin was perfectly crispy!
The pork bossam was a tad charred for me. I liked the arrangement though, made me feel like I was eating kbbq.
Overall a good place to chill and definitely a mix of cultures. I think if you're open to trying new things but not too adventurous,  southgate is a good start.
All I want are Southgate KFC wings and beef tacos. If I am sad, they make me happy. If I'm happy, they make me overjoyed. I take houseguests here, which I think is high praise. I love the katsu sauce. I love the fries. I love the bar (the stools are short, so as a short girl, I don't feel like I'm on a highchair). I love that they have Nonino Amaro. But more than anything, I love the wings and tacos. I could never imagine saying those words because I find wings stupid and tacos are only eaten in the privacy of my own home. But here I am, craving wings and tacos. I don't usually recommend specific dishes because only you know what you like. But get a half and half order of the wings. Well, that settles it. Southgate for dinner tonight!!
Came here for Sunday Brunch around 1pm after seeing a video online hyping up this place, weather was nice, so opted for their outdoor seating, it wasn't super busy, so everything came out really fast and the server was very attentive.

The first item I ordered was the Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) + Green Tea Waffles [$12] : 
The outside when you bite into these give you a nice satisfying crunch, at the same time not being too hard/thick although were a bit too sweet for my tastes.  The Green Tea Waffles, however, were delicious, gave a hint of green tea flavoring while not being too overpoweringly sweet with a nice spongy consistency I'd expect from a nicely made belgian waffle.

The second item I ordered was the Kimchi Poutine [$12]:
They bring this out in a hot stone pot like you would see for Bimbimbap at many Korean restaurants and you can literally hear the sizzling tastiness approaching.  The kimchi, cheese, bacon, fries and runny egg on top was such a sinful combo.  You can pull the cheese up with your fork and it just oozes up.  Once you get to the bottom of the pot, the fries are extra crunchy from the stone pot.  

All in all, Southgate is a nice brunch spot with some pretty unique fusion dishes.
Love this place.  Although I mourned the loss of Tangier as much as anyone else in the neighborhood, this is a much-needed addition to the area.  Have had almost every item on the menu - each one is carefully prepared and well-executed.  Don't expect traditional Korean cuisine or some Korean fusion nonsense, because it's neither.  Favorites include the KFC wings, kale salad, bibimbap, tacos, and katsu.  Perfect place to stop in for a drink off of their diverse drink list.  Bartenders and servers are friendly and the decor is classy and warm.  Awesome family style table in the back is right next to the kitchen and great for groups.
I love this place and especially love that it's close to my home!  The renovation is beautiful.  It is classy and casual.  It has great outdoor seating.  It was easy to get reservations and when I had to change the time, they were very accommodating.  A great sign is that it is run my Asians and many Asians eat there.  I can say that because I'm Asian and that's always a great sign!  Haha  Food is delicious and beautiful.  I went with some friends that are not adventurous eaters and they LOVED it.  They have a full bar so that's also great.  Great service all around.  I will definitely be back often!!
Man, oh man, the chicken is mad good. Also beers up the wazoo, which means a lot for some of you younger folks uneducated in older person jargon.

Would go again. Mind you seating is limited so call ahead.
Great and unique addition to the Philly food scene with an awesome ambiance. Happy to see a different a take on the gastropub, bringing a FULL menu influenced by traditional Korean flavors.

Loved the wings and mandoo, both are my go to appetizers. Thoroughly enjoyed the burger and katsu as well. 

The big winner for me were the cocktails! Great and friendly bar staff with amazing drinks. Old Boy or P&P FTW.
Maybe it's because I am a frequent diner of Korean cuisine, but all this place seemed like to me was overpriced Korean fusion food in a "hip" setting. Honestly, if you don't eat Korean food EVER then this place will be AMAZING to you. The place is clean and sleek, the chicken wings are bomb, and bibimbap is not an item that is easily accessible in center city. But if you are like me and regularly eat Korean food, $2 per wing, $3 for fermented cabbage that usually comes free, and ~$15 for a bowl of rice and veggies in a stone bowl are just not worth it.
On the plus side, at least this place is helping Korean food become more mainstream.
Love the ambiance and the food was delicious! I have never had Korean food before and this was a terrific introduction! The Koreancini (fried rice and corn balls) were crisp and sweet and salted to perfection. The Kale Salad was big but not overwhelming and the dressing is perfection. We also got the stone pot bibimbap with tofu. The tofu was expertly cooked and the entire dolsat was flavorful but not too spicy. The relish on the BBQ tofu tacos was pickled heaven. 

The white and red sangria were both excellent as well. My friend doesn't even like white sangria and she loved mine. There were also beers, wine, and cocktails that we still have yet to try!

Cannot wait to return!
Best service in town. These folks go out of their way to be hospitable and it's genuine. Wish the menu had a few more options, but what they do, they do well (although I wouldn't recommend the octopus rice bowl - undercooked and no veggies). Can't wait to try brunch and the house made scotch bonnet soju Bloody Mary.
Not bad, but ultimately, this place veers toward watered down Korean than interesting Korean fusion.

The Koreancini and dumplings were off the mark in terms of marrying western and Korean flavors -- I don't get what's so "Korean" about a corn-filled arancini with tomato sauce and the eggplant puree does not add to the dumplings. You can certainly get better Korean fried chicken. The Korean pickle in the bulgogi burger was a nice touch, but overall not mind blowing. Finished the meal with the misugaru cake with lemon cream and persimmon...and apparently the people here do not know what a ripe persimmon tastes like.

The highlight here was definitely the cocktail -- the P&P is a great rye whiskey drink that balances the bite and the sweet well. 

If you have risk-averse diners, then this place would probably be a nice introduction to Korean flavors in a posh setting. But if you're a Korean food veteran, then look elsewhere to satisfy your cravings.
I love this place. I usually get the beef dolsot bibimbap, and enough of the appetizers so that I have to roll out the door.  The octopus, in its current iteration is especially good. Check out the skirt steak- it's excellent and has real deal korean flavors.  Yes, it's fusion, and not 100% korean, but it's fusion done well, and it's getting better every time I go back, which according to yelp is 15 times as of today.
Hip corner spot perfect for sitting outside and enjoying some grub on a cool, not too breezy night. The service was great and though the menu is a bit pricey, the food is very solid. Especially with the rice bowls, they have a great balance of super fresh ingredients, which make them colorful and vibrant. 

I chose the sizzling one, the dolsot bibimbap, and it was plenty filling. I haven't had Korean food at many places so I don't really have too many comparisons, but I very much enjoyed it. I do wish it came with some more sauce just to bring it all together a bit more, and also because I enjoyed the sauce so much, but other than that, I can't really complain.
Have a real love hate relationship with this place. 

Love: the food is amazing - everything tastes fresh and delicious. The service - fast, helpful, and courteous. The happy hour - awesome, the city wide is one of the best in the city

The no like - maybe I'm bias because I've spent so much time in Koreatown in manhattan - but I miss the free Banchan with all the fixings.

Bibimbab - does anyone actually eat this stuff without the hot pot. Just serve the hot pot and save me the couple dollar surcharge. Also extra for the beef. A 12 dollar bowl turns into a 17 dollar bowl. Portions on the light side - hot pot is huge but barely even 3/4 full. Don't expect leftovers.

Overall I love this place but I would extra love it if I left with some leftovers.
Went in for the soft opening and we walked away very impressed.  Try the koreancini and the wings - both stand to be this place's signature dishes.  The sake punch was a fun take on sangria.  Fair beer menu and plenty of spirits to choose from.  Dessert was their play on strawberry shortcake that satisfied.  We'll be here often.
Get the Korean fried chicken, spicy. Done.

Okay, I'll also say that the bibimbap in the stone bowl is great. Good flavor and crisped rice: spot on! And the revamping of the shrimp-and-pork dumplings works well (my first experience with them underwhelmed, but the second had a better sauce pairing).

Sorry to say, I was disappointed by the bulgogi burger, which I tried for the first time the day SouthGate won Best Burger 2016, expecting to be blown away. It was practically raw in the middle, and though the flavor was good, it was subdued and didn't have the wow factor expected because of the title!

Love the feel of the space. First visit was early evening on a Friday: had great service and nice timing with the kitchen. Second visit was late evening on a Wednesday, and the kitchen was dragging. Not sure why the difference.

Will definitely return for the fried chicken and if someone else orders it, I'll give a second taste to the burger.
I'm a huge fan of Southgate! This Korean fusion gastropub expertly mixes traditional Korean flavors in accessible American mediums. After going3 for happy hour, drinks, and dinner multiple times I decided to have my birthday here. The staff made it a wonderful night. Lisa and Juan at the bar are among the friendliest not to mention skilled bartenders out there whose signature drinks (especially the hot toddy) are delicious and beautifully presented. Our waitress, Lyndsie was very attentive and made us feel at home. 

While the drinks here are phenomenal, the real treat is the food. No trip to Southgate is complete without indulging in the Korean Fried Chicken, the double fried, crispy perfection topped off with either a soy garlic (my favorite) or spicy gochujang sauce. The chicken katsu is another favorite of mine. This tender, breaded chicken is topped with a Korean bbq type sauce served with a side of rice and a little cabbage salad. I love this dish for the variety of flavor and the portion is huge!

I tried the bibimbap for the first time during my birthday dinner, choosing the hot stone pot option which I highly recommend!  While the presentation of this dish is marvelous, its encouraged that you mix it up before eating. The contents of your bowl continue to cook while you eat and the rice gets nice and crispy. The beef served with this dish was tender and flavorful and the spicy sauce was a perfect way to top it all off.

Overall I recommend Southgate very highly. This is a great place to grab some drinks, snacks or a full meal. My mouth is watering just writing this.
"Southgate is a neighborhood gastropub elevating food and drink in our own unique way. Heavily influenced by both modern food culture and our Korean roots, we feature craft beer, wine, an impressive spirits list, and food that takes a creative direction through traditional Korean to classic American." Since reading that description over a year ago and bookmarking Southgate and also reading a ROTD by Nando F., I finally and much too long over due dined at Southgate.

The restaurant is located on the corer of 18th and Lombard and has both seating inside and outside. We chose to inside as it was only 6:00 PM and still warm outside. The inside is modern, cool and pleasant. It is a very comfortable space.

My dining companion on this night, who is also daughter, and myself ordered with three small plates. KFC - Korean Fried Chicken, Short Rib Steamed Buns and Pan Roasted Octopus. The steamed buns were the first to appear and these were soft and fresh and had some heat. They were much different then the Chinese style ones we were used to and came with a spicy dipping sauce. The octopus was very tender and had great flavors. It came with a Kimchi style sauce and baby corn. The KFC was excellent. The chicken was crispy, moist and flavorful and we preferred the spicy Gochujang sauce over the soy garlic.

Southgate also has a decent beer list on tap and in bottles. We were fairly full with the three small plates and we passed on dessert. I am looking forward to returning to Southgate to try Korean Steak Tacos and the Bulgogi burger. I really liked the concept and I hope that Southgate will continue to do well.
Mom always says if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it. I loved the great waitstaff and the drinks were yummy - hence the five stars. But check the menu before you visit. It is not like other Korean or Korean inspired restaurants I've experienced in the Philadelphia, NYC  and  Baltimore area. In my experience, the side dishes (Banchan) accompany the bibimbap and other main courses and aren't usually a la carte.  There are usually several accompanying little delicious dishes plus kimchee with most entree choices. This is not like those restaurants and the prices and the a la carte sides were a surprise. I recommend going there to enjoy the drinks and wonderful  service the waitstaff provides. But in the Center City area, I recommend going to Washington Avenue, 10th Street, or Chinatown for a less expensive and more authentic Korean (U.S) dining experience. 

My friend loved the burger option which was well seasoned, spicy and flavorful. He loves spicy food and was happy with his choice. Our waiter, the hostess, the bartender as well as the cooking staff were lovely, friendly and anticipated all of our needs.
The waitstaff here is on top of things. Apologizing for long wait times and constantly topping off our drinks. 

This is the second time I have been here. Once for brunch and once for dinner. 

We started with the potato ban chan, Korean fried chicken, kimchi pancake, beef jap chae, black sesame cheesecake, and peach panna cotta.

The portions here are all very tiny. I would recommend one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert per person. 

The potatoes were nice and soft. Slightly sweet and salty. The perfect way to start off the meal. 

The Korean fried chick was good as well. We got half soy and half spicy. Nice a crispy and the meat was cooked all the way through. I wish there were more wings but oh well there are other places for that

Kimchi pancake was one of the best I have had. Small and savory. Perfect. 

The beef in the jap chae was dry like beef jerky and also had no flavor at all. The other ingredients in the jap chae were tasty. Lots of veggies. It felt healthy to eat!

The peach panna cotta was light and squishy. Almost jello like consistency and the peaches ere sweet and the oatmeal/granola was nice a crunchy. 

The black sesame cheesecake was single handily the worst dessert I have ever ordered. They must have forgotten to add sugar. It tasted like something I would spread on a bagel. Detestable. If I planned on ever coming back here I would have complained about this dish to my server. But I ain't coming back. Please take this dessert off the menu and fire your pastry chef immediately.
4 for service and ambience. 3.5 for food. 3.0 for pricing. I came here for brunch with three others. We were the first ones there. We ordered the Korean fried chicken for an appetizer.  The fried chicken was $12 for 6 wings. The crunch was good but the sauce lacked flavor, and the spicy sauce isn't that spicy. Nowhere near the best Korean fried chicken in the City. And they were overpriced at $2 per wing. 

For my meal I ordered the burger. The meat was flavorful but the cook was off. It also tasted like it was over marinated, and didn't have the right texture for a hamburger. The fries were OK, but not great. The burger was good, but I do not get the hype. 

I tasted the chicken and waffles.  The green tea waffles were delicious. The fried chicken was too, but it was drenched with syrup. It would have been better if it was served on the side. 

My fiancé ordered the tofu tacos and did not like the way they cooked the tofu. My friend ordered the short rib and really enjoyed it.  

The server was really good and made very good drinks and recommendations. I order the Soju Hot Toddy and it was really good. Definitely the best thing I had here. I would return for happy hour. The normal menu is a bit overpriced.
My girlfriend and I stopped by for dinner during a soft-open on a Saturday, and it was delicious.  The atmosphere is fun with great decor and quick service.  It did seem quite loud inside, but nothing too crazy.  

The food is delicious, and they have everything from bibimbop to a Korean burger.  We tried the bibimbop and their BBQ tacos, and both were very tasty.  The prices seemed a bit disproportionate between the two, and we were hoping the tacos might come with a side dish like fries or something - but both were delicious, so this wasn't too big of an issue.  They have a solid draught beer list at pretty standard Center City prices, and their cocktail list looks good.  

Of course it's still too early to come to any firm reviews of Southgate, so I'll definitely modify my review once they've officially opened - as this will almost certainly become one of our go-to places for great food and interesting drinks.
Probably the worst Korean food I've ever had. We ordered combo wings. The soy wings were drenched in soy sauce, suuuuuper salty. Like someone took a whole container of soy sauce and dumped the entire thing over it. 

The spicy one wasn't spicy and had almost no flavor.

We followed up with Southgate fries. These fries were so garlicky, I don't think I've ever had this much garlic in my life. It killed the vampire next to us. I love garlic normally, but this was overkill (no pun intended).

The cocktails were a bright spot and so was the beer. The restaurant has a neighborhood vibe and our server was nice, only reason this place isn't a 1-star.
Great new (ish) spot! We had a 9pm reservation and got seated immediately which was a plus since it's not a big place and it was pretty crowded.

Great wine beer and cocktail selection as well as four sake options. Not super long but good selections. Off of a recommendation on a sake and bottle of wine we started the meal off right and went with the fried wings which were awesome. Crispy and filled with flavor, we tried both options.

My one disappointment were the pork buns, I've had way better. They just lacked the right taste, were a bit bland and had a star anise taste to them that I just didn't think worked, also almost a smoky pork taste that again just didn't go.

Besides that, all the entrees that came out were awesome for the table, not one complaint! I had the bulgogi burger, medium rare and while I was nervous at first to have bulgogi as a burger, since I love it classic, everything paired together so well and it was juicy and perfect size. This place is worth a stop.
Yum! Perfect for a cold winter night! Cozy little restaurant with delicious food. We split the kfc Korean chicken wings which are really some of the best wings in town. Then we each got a bibimbap in a hot stone bowl and added tofu. The serving size was huge and had enough for lunch the next day. The price is very reasonable, and they also have a great happy hour menu (with drink AND food specials).
Super confused about the hype of this place! We came for happy hour, and yet everything still seemed super overpriced.

We got the sweet potato fritters which were good but something that I definitely could've made at home. Also shared some soy garlic wings, which were good but at $2 a piece felt really overpriced - they were very similar to Soho chicken in size and taste. I got the beef tacos as my entree, which were probably the best part of the meal. I had a bite of the beef bibimbap and was not impressed - the beef pieces were super tough and not flavorful, and definitely not worth it for the price (I can't quite remember but it was like $14 or $15).

I was so excited for a Korean fusion place, but I don't think I will return :(
I really enjoyed my visit to Southgate last night. They were accommodating to our group of 7 (we got a big table towards the kitchen) and the food was great! We tried both styles of their Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) - the soy garlic and spicy gochujang. I really enjoyed both flavors. The spicy wasn't TOO spicy and the soy garlic was sweet and tangy. Both were a great compliment to the extra crispy crust on the chicken. For my entrée I went with the beef bibimbap and of course upgraded to the dolsot option ($2) extra which was worth getting the hot crispy rice. I ate the whole bowl and I'm not even mad. I tried 2 of their signature cocktails the "Korumbian" because the name just made me laugh and the Korea 75. The Korumbian was a little too sweet for my taste, but it was nice with the spicy wings and salty soy flavors of the dishes we got. I preferred the Korea 75 which is sparking wine with sake and a little citrus (grapefruit maybe?) I'm a sucker for anything with a little sparkle to it. I definitely would recommend this place for something that isn't your typical Italian or Chinese casual dining if you like interesting flavors. I will be back!
So glad we decided to try here! You definitely need a reservation if you want to come for dinner since they only offer outside seating currently. I actually really appreciate when a menu isn't super overwhelming with too many options because it usually means that the restaurant has focused on producing a few high quality items, and this menu was no exception. We ordered the bao buns and the bulgogi burger, both of which were amazing. The drinks were also on point (bold fashioned and soju punch).

TLDR: you like Asian fusion you need to try Southgate!
We stopped in the night after Thanksgiving with a couple of friends, and we are so happy we did!  The food and cocktails were spot on! We had the wings, a mix of the spicy and the soy, which were fantastic! Definitely get them when you go. Super crispy and flavorful, a highlight. We also got 2 orders of the tacos, one beef and one tofu, both were great as well as the bulgogi burger. Everything was well prepared, fresh and delicious. The cocktails were also fantastic. The saki sangria was a particular favorite. Great little place, we'll definitely be back.
A group of girlfriends and I decided on Southgate for a low-key dinner on a Sunday night. We made a reservation for 7, and we were surprised that the place was packed when we arrived. We were seated immediately, and our waiter was very attentive. My friend and I split the KFC (half spicy half soy garlic), which I would definitely recommend! It's a little pricey at $12/6 wings, but the chicken was perfectly crunchy and flavorful. I went for their famous bulgolgi burger, and I was not disappointed. The seasoning on the burger was sweet, but not overwhelmingly so, and I thought the flavors all came together very nicely. I would definitely recommend Southgate if you're looking for a more intimate dinner experience!
I was pretty excited to see a Korean small plates place open up outside of Chinatown/North Philly, but not sure what to expect. Southgate serves overall great dishes, though the prices reflect its location near Rittenhouse Square.

First off, the KFC wings had a super thick crust. It was actually difficult to bite through - maybe it was an off night? The flavor was pretty good, but not outstanding, and at $12/7pc, they were a bit pricey.The octopus was absolutely amazing. I'd go back just for that. For mains, I got the bulgogi burger - the beef was tender and perfectly marinated and the (housemade!) pickles were refreshingly tangy. The fries had a great spicy kick as well.

Their drink selection is solid - a decent beer list and interesting cocktails. We were a bit shocked that we spent $100 on what felt like a pretty simple meal, but then again, we managed to throw down $40 on drinks - they were that good.

Southgate is somewhat expensive for the subject matter, but the dishes were overall well-executed. It's a great, casual neighborhood restaurant with an interesting Korean-American fusion menu, and most importantly, we ended up having a really delicious meal and a fun time.
Southgate has a super cute vibe and a menu that's easy to follow! We got the Southgate fries that were delicious and felt like an Asian-style poutine. They have gochugaru seasoning that I wish was honestly a bit stronger, but the fries were a big portion/filling, and made with thick cut fries that were delicious to eat hot. 

The fried vegetable dumplings were also delicious and since the food was brought out hot, it made the meal even more satisfying. 

The tofu bao buns were light, but compared to the other two small plates I would prefer getting the fries or dumplings instead. 

The shrimp dolsot bibimbap came in sizzling. Which it was piled with vegetables, a fried egg, and gochujiang, it was not my favorite part of the meal. It is a hearty dish, but I was more impressed by the appetizers than the bibimbap.
Back in Philly! Here for the weekend to cheer on my gf during the Love Run. Since we got in on a Friday, we made plans to grab dinner somewhere nice with our friends and family. My Yelp research brought this place up as an option and we all agreed to check it out.

Our Megabus was stuck in a bit of traffic, so we got there a bit later than we expected (about 9:20 pm). When we arrived, I couldn't help but notice how relatively small it is, and how packed it was. 

We spoke with the hostess to let her know that our party of six already had our names down thanks to two friends who got there before us.

After maybe waiting 10-15 minutes they were able to seat all six of us (which they acknowledge they don't usually do). Our server came quickly with waters and menus. The menu is extensive! Lots of tasty options for Asian cuisine. We started the night with an assortment of cocktails and beer. I got a hot toddy, which just wasn't my favorite.

In a funny moment, the server told us they had unfortunately run out of buns and we were all bummed thinking we couldn't order burgers. However he quickly qualified his statement to mean short rib buns.

Our group only ordered bulgogi burgers and dolsot bibimbap plates. Both very good! The bulgogi burger was voted amongst the best of 2016 according to a Yelp review, and I can see why.

Great service and lots of tasty options. Highly recommend this place.
Great neighborhood spot. The space is open and cool and the service friendly and prompt. I thought the food was great and appropriately priced. We had the chicken wings and they were fantastic. Got half soy garlic half spicy, I liked the later better my husband the former so I think getting some of both is a good call. The fried green tomatoes were so yummy and I loved the little sauce that was on them. The burger was delicious. Will definitely go back again.
The KFC wings and Chicken Katsu are my faves! I have been there 5 times because I love it so much but never stop stuffing my face to write a review. Lol!

They are a block and a half away from my place and I love that fact. 

The drink menu is amazing! I may or may not have tried them all. :-)


P.S. TIP: It may say in the description that they don't do take away but I just made a take out order.
Had dinner here on a Friday night around 6:30, the place wasn't packed but was starting to get a little cramped. This small eatery is just south of Rittenhouse Square next to graduate hospital. The atmosphere is very moderate and reserved. The food is best identified as Korean fusion, dishes friendly to the American palate and inspired with Korean ingredients and flavors. If you want an authentic Korean experience this is not the place to go, if you want to be more adventurous with your dinner but still want dishes to remain familiar then this is your spot. 

The waitstaff are all very nice and professional, they do genuinely appear proud of their establishment. The food is unique and the flavors are not too strong. Myself I am used to Korean dishes and was a bit disappointed by the level of food they offered. I ordered the kbbq tacos and thought they were okay at best. Their cocktails were average as well. This is a midscale restaurant with mid-upper scale pricing. This is a nice spontaneous place to go on a date, especially if you're not too adventurous, but more accurately, curious.
tl;dr a Korean spin on American bar fare, falling more heavily on the latter cuisine

Promising Korean fusion eats just out of Rittenhouse, Southgate is a popular neighborhood gastropub. I've walked by it countless times, but only just made the time to give it a whirl. The gray-toned palette skips between matte and glossy finishes to compliment dim mood lighting. The walls are decked with a chic take on subway tile. Exposed HVAC, incandescent bumps, and twinkle lights dangle tastefully from the ceiling. Hours and specials are chalked onto a board at the head of the sleek bar that extends the length of the restaurant.

My partner and I swung by for early weekend dinner and arrived in time for happy hour. We opted for the Banchan Set, the Bulgogi and Pork Steamed Buns, the Korean Fried Chicken, and the Bulgogi Burger (which came with a draft, as part of HH). Of the banchan, my favorites were the zucchini and tofu, both cooked in a rich soy-based sauce and served hot. On the other hand, the kimchi and cucumbers were lukewarm and standard, if not boring. Each dish was large, and I recognize that Southgate is not an authentic Korean restaurant; yet, it still felt off-script for Southgate to charge for banchan. The two-biter buns both had a pillowy bun and nice spicy mayo. While spicy pork was flavorful (and particularly heavy on the sesame), the bulgogi felt dry. Both KFC glazes were yummy with a remarkable depth of flavor (even though the "spicy" was not particularly hot). However, they ran a tad soggy with a laughable tiny portion (7 small wings) for the price. The burger was rich, juicy, thick, and heavy, complemented nicely by the tang of pickles and subtly spicy aioli. but was paired with a flimsy bun and flimsier steakhouse fries (I really wish they were shoestring, instead).

At $56 (after tax and tip) despite the happy hour deals, Southgate definitely errs on the expensive end. Although nothing was actively negative about my experience here, nothing floored me either. As a whole, Southgate definitely rings more American food than Korean -- so if you have a hankering for Korean comfort food, this probably won't do the trick. I may or may not even return to Southgate, depending on whether I ever have the craving for their specific take on fusion cuisine.
I got the bulgolgi burger, and it was quite delicious. I also got a yakult cocktail. That was a bit strong (don't drink and ride your bike!), but tasty! Unfortunately, because I was one person, I couldn't get a seat outside, but the seat at the bar was not bad. I would come again, given the chance.
I went here recently with my wife and son and we were all extremely pleased with the food, ambience, and service. My son loved the bulgogi burger. He couldn't put his finger on what made it taste so good, but he loved it. Much of our meal was like this. Dish after dish, we were pleasantly caught off guard by the unusual flavor profiles. I would recommend the fried chicken appetizer, the bulgogi burger, the tuna hwe, the pork buns, and the misugaru shortcake for dessert. The sake punch was great too. We left stuffed and happy. It was truly a great meal. I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Southgate, as it has been a favorite of mine since it opened. I recently ordered my 2 favorite dishes for delivery. I ordered the bulgogi burger and Korean fried chicken (KFC). Both arrived in the same delicious condition as they are in the restaurant. 

There is no burger in the city quite like the bulgogi burger. It's a juicy burger that seems to be infused with the bulgogi seasoning, whatever that is. It has pickles on top and some kind of mayo on a sesame seed bun. The flavor profile of this burger is unlike anything else in the city. I love it!

The KFC wings are so crispy and so delicious. You can get them with mild or hot. I go with mild. You can't eat just one. Once you get started you will have to clean the plate. I actually got two orders of wings to share with my girlfriend. I knew one would not be enough.

On my previous visits I've tried the korean tacos, dumplings, and fries. I remember enjoying every dish, but the burger and KFC stand out. The waitstaff has always been friendly as well.

This review is long overdue. Southgate has been a 5 star restaurant since it opened and I'm glad I can order their food during this pandemic.
I got takeout from Southgate and had a delicious meal!

I ordered the Mushroom Steamed Buns (with sesame aioli and pickles). They were absolutely delicious - the mushrooms were soooooo smokey and flavorful. I also got an order of the Fried Vegetable Dumplings which were amazing. I ate both super quickly - maybe because I was super hungry, but also maybe because they were both just straight up delicious. 

My mouth is already watering thinking about my next takeout order from Southgate.
We went here for dinner on Saturday night and I can't stop thinking about the bibimbap! It was amazing! I got the tofu bibimbap in the stone bowl - so delicious!
We came to this place looking for some nice sizzling bibimbap. Ordered the korean fried chicken in both, spicy and garlic, tofu bibimbap and lamb buns. Everything was amazing. The bibimbap came in a sizzling plate and had an array of flavors. I was scrapping the stone bowl for stuck bits in the end. Korean fried chicken, per my mother in law, were the best chicken wings she had during her stay. Spicy ones were much better than garlic. Lamb buns were like bao buns but were equally delicious.

Drinks were great. We ordered a pitcher of sangria which was perfect in the July heat. Our server was very attentive and got us soju tasters when we weren't sure what to order. I will definitely come back.
I have rated this 3 stars, but if Yelped allowed it, I would probably rate it 3.5 stars.

Came here on a random Saturday at around 6pm, there was no wait and we were seated right away, however, about 30 minutes later there was a slight wait. Seating was a little tight, but that's probably due to the fact that it's a pretty small space. They also have seating outside but it was pretty warm that day.

Onto the food, we ordered the coconut and cardamom infused soju, the  "KFC" wings, fried rice, the poke bowl (can't remember the name), the bibimbop, and the matcha fruit tart.

I liked all the food, it was freshly made, however, it didn't wow me. The Soju tasted more like cardamom than coconut but it was pretty strong. The wings were good, but I think I'm one of those rare people who are not impressed with Korean fried chicken wings (don't hurt me, I like buffalo wings). My favorite part of the meal was the fried rice it had sausage, kimchi and all that good umami flavor. The poke bowl was just ok, the flavor was good, but it had very little fish. And my dinner partner had the bibimbop which I did not try but he enjoyed it. The matcha fruit tart was quite good and a nice detour from the usual fruit tarts.

I would definitely return, but it's not a place that I crave.
Regardless of what Craig LaBrian writes this is a excellent, fun restuarant with great imaginative food and a welcoming staff, and not noticeably noisy.  Definitely go and order the fried which is plenty spicy.  We might see you there as we will be back.
Was on my way to Pub and Kitchen without much of a plan when I happened to stop in for the Sunday night happy hour. Overall - solid beer options and tasty food. To start I had the Korean Fried Chicken as and addition to my meal which was a nice option at just three pieces. The wings were big, meaty and juicy with a good crisp. I thought the spicy sauce was also well done. Followed up the wings with the bulgogi burger - very tasty and well seasoned, my medium rare came out somewhat undercooked but hey better under than over right? Definitely a solid choice if you're in the area.
The menu is smaller than it appears. I felt like I almost had to order the wings and the bibimbap. 

And I did. And it was great. 

But for some reason, not many venture far from those items. Or that's what it seems like, judging by the items coming out of the kitchen and the prior reviews. 

I would go if you are in the area, and if you have a need for twice fried wings and bibimbap in a stone pot.
I only knew about Southgate from a video about their brunch menu and how they make delicious korean fusion dishes. Typically I'm hesitant when trying korean fusion dishes as I often feel like the flavors aren't handled properly when trying to americanize or change traditional korean foods (or maybe I'm just a korean food snob? or both??) but I must say... I loved my experience at Southgate this past weekend! 

I started brunch off with their kimchi blood mary, which was spicy! I was actually very happy with the spice level but also how they use kimchi to elevate the bloody mary. I didn't think it was too overwhelming which was what I was embracing for. I enjoyed the spicy house-made soju shot that it was paired with as well. It was like a nice little cool down break from the kimchi Bloody Mary :)

My friends and I decided to do tapas style for brunch so we could taste as many things as possible. Best idea ever! We started with the kimchi deviled eggs which were tasty. Again, I am pleased that they were able to subtly infused the kimchi within the dish, which wasn't overwhelming or overbearing by any means. But it also wasn't just adding kimchi on top of a traditional deviled egg. I believe they blended the kimchi and some sesame oil in the egg mixture which really just made the mixture smooth with a hint of sweet and spicy. They had four pieces so it's easy to share.

For our entrees, we ordered the kimchi poutine, short rib and korean fried chicken (KFC) and green tea waffles. It is hard for me to choose one clear favorite, mostly because I thoroughly enjoyed each dish. The kimchi poutine was delicious and I loved that the fries and cheese on the stone bowl continued to cook and get crispy even at our table. They don't have any gravy on this dish (like traditional poutine), but it works out very well. Very easy to share. The KFC and green tea waffles were a huge surprise to me. I wasn't expecting to enjoy the waffles that much, mostly because I wasn't too sure about green tea waffles... but it was very good! And paired with super crispy KFC was like icing on the cake. I wish the chicken was spicy though, that would have definitely put it over the top for me and been a favorite. Lastly, the short rib dish was good though it doesn't stick out as much as the other two. My friends really enjoyed the short rib itself, but I was under the impression it was suppose to be like galbi so that let me down a bit--still good but just not what I had been expecting. The short rib was placed in a huge bowl with rice, two eggs and jalapeños. The nice surprise was the sweet soy sauce at the bottom of the bowl, where the rice was soaking it up--it really brought the dish together.

Overall, Southgate is a wonderful place to experiment with Korean fusion dishes. One of my friends had never had korean food before and really enjoyed our dining experience here. I like that they offer a variety of things outside what you'd expect. I will most definitely come back here for brunch the next time I'm in Center City! Especially for the spicy kimchi Bloody Mary :)
Decor is classy and trendy. Staff is attentive and kind. Can't skip items on the small plate menu are the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp and pork dumplings. You will crave the fried chicken for weeks. The bibimbap rice bowls are flavorful and the portion size is generous. Haven't tried any of their large plates yet but I'm sure they are just as excellent!
Amazing food and good value for what you pay for. Very decent amount of food, I have leftovers for both of my two visits here. The dolsot bibimbap is really good. Perfect ambience for conversations, it's not too loud and the music is on point. Definitely will come back to try more dishes!
This place.  
The service was good - BUT the food-
Ordered all kinds of menu items. 
Kimchee , small plate, salmon crudo, buns , chicken karage , fried rice 

As I was digging thru my plate for nourishment , looking for anything flavourful -i felt eyes burning on the back of my neck.  It was the cook looking like a dog groomer peaking thru the kitchen "window"-----noticing our lackluster expressions.  
Over view 
- Kim cheeee was old AF
- Buns oversteamed
- Chicken karage over cooked "chicken fried chicken jerky"
- No water options : just sink water 
- Basic.  
We paid before we got the rice- yelling as we ran out- 
Keep the rice.
I really enjoyed the bibimbap (got the one with tofu), it came in a hot bowl. There is outside seating which is nice but I would probably sit inside the next time.
