As a NON-vegan, I can say that their mac 'n cheese is delicious (and VEGAN!?!) In fact, most things I've tasted at Soy Café are delicious. You have to take in consideration that everything here is homemade and NEARLY everything is vegan. If you're a hearty carnivorous beast like me, I can highly recommend Soy as a chance to expand your taste buds for some earth-friendly, tasty dining. Prices are little on the higher side, as expected a super trendy, vegan-friendly destination. Their menu is very vast, so there are lots of options. I'm personally a huge fan of their smoothies - they are refreshing, freshly made, and insanely satiating. I can make a meal out of one of their heartier smoothies with peanut butter or bananas - om nom nom. 

I did give their vegan chocolate chip cookie a try, and I'd stray away. It was pretty crumbly and dry, so I'll probably just stick to my Tollhouse. The straws are paper, and are virtually unusable for the smoothies so BYO or go sans straw. I appreciate the thought though. Save those turtles, baby.

Soy's space is very big! It's a great place to grab a seat for a chat or to read a good book. Everything is freshly made, so it's good for a quick bite, but not if you're in a rush.

Overall - 5 stahs. I've had lots of not-good vegan food, and their food is delicious, vegan or not.
One of my new year's resolutions includes eating fresh, healthy food. Unfortunately for me, this means more cooking. In my desperate attempt to stay out of the kitchen, I discovered Soy Cafe. Thanks to them, I can actually eat out without feeling guilty for breaking my resolve. 

You've got to try one of the juices. They're made to order and you get to pick up to 3 fruits. I went with the blood orange, ginger, and pineapple; what an unexpected treat! They've got tons of different smoothies to choose from too, all featuring fresh fruit, soymilk, and honey. Additionally, their vast selection of gourmet salads, wraps, sandwiches, steamed buns, and vegan treats makes it hard to decide. 

Cozy spot to work on your computer, grab a quick lunch, or pop in for some tea/coffee. More coffeehouse cafes should follow their lead.
Love the vegan mini donuts. Love the music. Love the decor. Love the service. Love the ice coffee. Love the big sofa in the back. Love the magazines. Love the clean bathroom. Love the tiny boutique. Love the garden. Love the location. 

Love that the owner sent me a message letting me know that they do offer milk in addition to half and half and soy milk.

Love Soy Cafe!
Like a poor orphan I entered Soy Café with a mere 8 dollars to my name. I examined the menu and carefully selected what I thought was my best option for a lunch meal. 

The Funky Monkey called my name. Bananas, peanut butter, oatmeal, soy milk, and honey blended in smoothie form? Yes. I might say it's been the best $3.75 I ever spent...and now my new favorite smoothie in all the Philadelphia land. At 5:55pm though, I'm hungry. A blended beverage is no meal replacement unless there's whiskey involved.
I've tried and tried to love this place because they have the best soy drinks I've ever had but this might be the final straw (pun intended).

the first time I went to soy cafe, they overcharged my credit card. I got a $5 drink and my card was charged for $14. they had me waiting for 25 minutes because they forgot about my drink. they then made me the wrong beverage and gave me a chocolate chip cookie for the trouble.

I've been back twice with average service. it's a little slower than most.

today, I went with my boyfriend. he got a disgusting green tea coffee (so bad he couldn't drink it and we threw it away) and I got a blended ice peppermint coffee and found A PIECE OF METAL IN MY DRINK. (see pictures).

it's safe to say I'm done with this place.
Soy café makes me wish I were a "NoLibber" (I'm not quite sure if anyone actually uses that term but, whatever).

Anyway, Soy is everything you could ever want in a café venue:
(a) Delicious & unique specialty beverages (smoothies, teas, coffees - made to order with their homemade soy milk, of course. I particularly enjoyed their Soy Chai and Cocoaberry smoothie - cocoa, bananas, raspberries, oatmeal, soymilk & honey)
(b) Fresh, healthy dishes and snacks including a wide variety of vegan options (that grilled eggplant wrap, just...wow. PLUS it's surprisingly filling)
(c) Plentiful seating (including a cute little outdoor patio area in the back)
(d) Quiet, relaxing atmosphere aided in part by the lime green and bright purple color accents
(e) Various magazines & newspapers to peruse to your heart's content
(f) Service with a smile

Despite its admirability, I must share a few words of caution:
-They are cash only, but have an atm
-They are slow - definitely not a "grab and go" type place unless you are just getting a coffee or a counter-sitting baked good. Everything's made to order - aka you WILL in fact witness the peeling of the carrots on your wrap. This could be quite agonizing if you are in a rush. I warned you.

In conclusion, I will continue to walk my 1.8 miles to patronize Soy. Did you hear that Mugshots? DID YOU HEAR THAT?
Soy Cafe is like an old pair of jeans: familiar, comfortable, tasty.

Maybe not that last bit.

Mismatched chairs, potted plants on the sill, and window art make Soy a charming Northern Liberties destination, perfect for a low-key date or casual meetup. Seating up front and a cozy back room ensure there's plenty of space to relax.

Soy churns out special soy drinks ($2.75 at the time; cash only), so I tried a cocoa mint soy, served warm. This uncouth soy drink virgin found it surprisingly soothing.

Friends and I shared steamed dumplings and shrimp shumai (6 for 4.50). Not bad, but their sammiches are where it's at.

Try their mushroom omelette sandwich (7.25). Choose between shitake, oyster, or portabello mushrooms (I had portabello), then enjoy eggs (or eggwhites), garlic, sweet onion, and soy cheese. On the side is a refreshing spring mix salad dressed in a homemade garlic mustard. Their toast on whole wheat sandwich is a gourmet treat; the sauce in it made my taste buds backflip.

Stop in for lunch, dinner, or a soy drink, and don't forget to tip the friendly help.
Is it too late now to say Soy?
Cause I miss more than just your smoothie.

I'm Soy to say that I wasn't really into the Vegan Muffin and the Vegan Smoothie from here. Not as obnoxiously overpriced as some Vegan cafes, but also not as tasty as my favourites. One caveat is that I don't really usually enjoy Vegan food (I wish I did), but with the benchmark being Strong Hearts in Syracuse (the greatest Vegan Cupcakes, and the best milkshakes of any kind - Vegan or otherwise - on the planet), it's hard for anything else to come close.

I think we got the Funky Monkey which sounds like it would be right up my alley, but I wasn't thrilled.

My Vegan travelling friend, though, said that her half (or more than half in the end) of the Muffin and the Smoothie were excellent. Service was absolutely lovely. And since it wasn't too crazy expensive like other Vegan places, I'm more than happy to give it a 4. I think if you love Vegan places, there's a good chance you'll love this one too.

But as I said, when in Syracuse, make sure you try Strong Hearts, especially the Cesar Chavez shake and the Blueberry Cupcake.
Their smoothies are out of this world.. The chunky monkey is my favorite . Lately I been addicted to the green giant with cucumber , kale & celery.. I have tried a few of their wraps which all of them are delicious. The usually leave a sample of tortilla chips & soy based dips out for everyone to sample.
 I usually get take out .i haven't sat in their to actually to enjoy the atmosphere because the days I'm working or in school I am usually in a rush. The place is very cozy & the girls behind the counter are very helpful when I ask them questions about trying new items on their menu. They do have one or two tables out front.
I've passed by Soy Café a million times but never thought to check it out. This morning I picked up a green tea soy smoothie on my way to work. The soy milk was good but overpowering. Maybe I will try it with the almond milk next time. The honey syrup made the drink a little too sweet for me, but overall it was a pretty tasty and refreshing drink. For $5, this is a pretty fair price and comparable to Starbucks down the street, except this won't be watered down. The owner is also super nice. I will definitely be stopping by for more green tea soy smoothies and checking out their foods as well. They take credit cards here, but there is an $8 minimum.
Wandering around Northern Liberties gives the feeling of late 19th Century urban America, when each neighborhood had to be self contained to provide its residents with all the necessities of life. Somehow the benign neglect that has allowed a slow evolution of this cityscape has resulted in organic growth that is very appealing to those of us seeking a comfortable alternative to what is now high speed life hot wired into our existence. 

While a place like Soy Cafe would never have been dreamed of in those early days, the new urban pioneers create a new version of what a hood should have.  The retail space feels old and timeless, while the actual business is anything but.  If smoothies and light fare with a veggie bias is what you seek, then Soy Cafe is your siren song. 

Work your way through the multitude of fresh fruit and soy milk drinks, each more satisfying than the last.  If something solid is required, don't hesitate to try a wrap or sandwich or a noodle bowl.  Everything is fresh and prepared with love. Grab a table and watch the gentles and notso come and go. 

Zen Peach or Grill Eggplant Wrap are the yin-yang of a satisfying meal.  Always a house made sweet by the register for après dinez vous..
I do enjoy this cafe for the healthy lunch options near my job. However, I've recently learned that the soy cheese is NOT vegan and contains casein. That might not be an issue for many people, but for vegans it is. And those with milk allergies or sensitivies. 

Unfortunately I've eaten the soy cheese here on at least four occasions, blissfully thinking I was in the clear of my recently-vegan diet. Not so! As I discussed with an employee there, they do have vegan cheese but it's not clearly listed and costs more to add to your meal. This kind of thing should very clearly be indicated on the menu, especially if you're catering to a customer base of people who are most likely vegan and vegetarian. Otherwise it's just dishonest and deceiving. 

The staff has always been friendly and mostly efficient, and I do really like the variety there. But this is a pretty big oversight that makes me feel uncomfortable about returning without asking a zillion questions about each order.
When I normally go to a coffeehouse I'm usually all about trying to bounce off the walls on a caffeine trip. But to me Soy Cafe is all about the veggies and fruits and I dig it!

There are several Coffeehouses out there that make addicting smoothies. But I really do feel that Soy Cafe makes some of the best. and you can't go wrong with flavor names like Kickin' Kiwi and Funky Monkey. And while they do make some awesome meat and seafood options, they're veggie sandwiches can be pure addiction. I think I might hold a record for downing my veggie omelette wrap in 5 minutes. Challenge me if you dare.

But of course all the usual coffeehouse options are there to and may be pretty solid. But with so many smoothies that I still have to try out I haven't felt the itch to find out yet.
As a lactose intolerant aka severely handicapped dairy, soy, and coffee lover, I discovered that Soy Cafe is in my neighborhood.  They have great fusion-asian sandwiches made with soy cheese.  Many vegan options.  

Recommendations: vegetarian philly cheese steak: the secret sauce is the perfect combo of spicy, sweet and tangy.  Wraps are cut in cute sushi-like bites. 

Soy milk is made fresh on site.  The coffee and espresso is average, the green tea is true matcha, and green tea with brown rice, which is authentic.  Smoothies are made with real fruit and soy milk, and are fresh and awesome.  

Is it overpriced? Heck yes, but worth it for someone who is always on the go.  

As for ambience, it's an independently-owned neighborhood coffee shop that has mismatched furniture.  Art on the wall changes regularly with local.  Music is pandora and there's free wifi, complimentary newspapers, and the best selection of magazines I've ever seen in Philly, New York, or DC.    Bathroom is clean, always a necessity for coffee shop.

Minus 1 star for cash only.  ATM in the back.
I love a pretty tin ceiling.  For some reason, I thought these were a western thing and rarely found on the east coast, but in the past few months, I've noticed tin ceilings all over Philly (Royal Tavern, Franklin Fountain, etc.) so clearly I just wasn't looking up enough.  So anyway, Soy Cafe rocks a really nice tin ceiling, along with an outstanding guilty-pleasure magazine selection and a sweet-looking backyard patio.

But there's more to Soy Cafe than just embossed ceiling panels and the latest issue of Us Weekly...there are also mini vegan donuts (50 cents and ridiculously twee...seriously, they're doll-sized), giant pocky sticks (for contrast with your mini donut) and a host of healthy soy shakes, sandwiches and salads.  I tried a grapefruit, avocado and toasted almond salad with apple dressing that was pretty delicious and probably would have cost at least 50% more at one of Northern Liberties' various gastro pubs.  

For those of you frightened by 100% vegetarian establishments (or disappointed by establishments that you are hoping might be 100% vegetarian), I will tell you that Soy Cafe is not entirely vegetarian.  Pretty close though.
Soy Cafe's smoothies quiet the ill-tempered ogre. Dwelling somewhere inside of me is a highly irritable hellion that may well one day cause me to lash out crazily and wreak certai.. Uh, the point is that I get cranky. 

I never could pull off being a good hippie. "Much too cranky," has been the diagnosis. Mid-day hunger has oft been known to be at the root of what's making the ole gal ornery. I can tell you that Soy Cafe's smoothies have been known to crush all that growling, tout de suite.

Thank you Funky Monkey, for your service. Your peanut butter, banana, oatmeal, honey, and soy milk have done wonders. You've been there for me too, Mango Mama. Thanks for reviving my pleasin' personality. Smoothies soothe the savage beast...temporarily.
This is a vegetarians/vegan dream! They have a ton of really great options including some really tasty fake meat wraps. When I was at Soy Cafe, I ordered a Soy Wrap with fake chicken and a Bluefuzz smoothie (blueberry and peach). I really liked the smoothie and the wrap was super filling. Usually I reserve wraps as a lunch food but it was enough I would be filling as a dinner. The ambiance is a cute little hole in the wall cafe with plenty of seating (including a more secluded back room). I will definitely be back at Soy Cafe soon!
I am seriously addicted to their smoothies!  And they are healthy to boot!  They make their own soy milk here -- how, I don't know, but it's pretty amazing.  The fruit smoothies are not overwhelmingly sweet, just light and refreshing.  Many a time I have finished a smoothie and immediately wished I had another.  Also, although I love bananas I usually hate them in smoothies because they overpower all the other flavors, but not at Soy Cafe.  It adds a nice creamy consistency without taking away from the other flavors.

Some of my favorites are:

Mango Mama - Mangos, mangos and a smidgen of bananas, homemade soy milk and honey.  

Milli Vanilli - This one might be my fave.  Peaches + banana with homemade soy and the perfect amount of vanilla and honey that each brings the other flavor out in a perfect balance.

Tropical Tango - Pineapples, banana and coconut milk with honey.  YUM!

Black Banana - cocoa, peanut butter, banana, oatmeal, soy milk and honey.  It's hearty enough to be healthy breakfast.

Hello Sunshine - Pineapple + mango + banana, honey and soy


So far the only one I did not care for was the Fruiti-Licious, because it had waaaay too much orange.  Thats about all you taste.  If you like oranges than go for it but you could not taste the mangos, peaches, or honey at all.

I am still wanting to try so many more smoothies, and I have not even tried the food yet or other drinks yet!  They have tons of coffee and tea drinks I need to try, plus salads and fresh juices.  

Last thing I want to mention is that the decor of this place is adorable.  Pretty and contrasting, artsy flair.
I work a block or so away from Soy Cafe, and used to walk by it every day. I'm not a vegetarian, so anything with "Soy" in the name makes me a bit nervous - but people around the office seemed to like it, so I decided to take a shot. I've stopped back about a half dozen times, and have been happy every time. I usually wind up with the Nova on a croissant. It's a bit pricey, coming in at nearly $10, but it's one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, and I'm a lover of sandwiches. The Philadelphia Wrap is another one to write home about - Smoked salmon, homemade soy mayo, cucumbers, caviar, some sort of greens and I'm pretty sure I found some capers in there too. *VERY* good. 

The only thing stopping me from giving them a 5 is that they don't take credit cards - once or twice I've been in there and not remembered that, and had to run down to Palm Tree Market to use their ATM machine. Last time I was there though, there was a sign saying they now have an ATM in back, so that might fix the problem. Really though, I'd prefer they just took credit cards. I haven't carried cash around with me in years, and there are more than a few times that I've passed up going to Soy Cafe in favor of somewhere that takes cards. I'd really rather give my money to Soy Cafe though.

I have pictures of the Nova, Spicy Tuna Wrap, and Philadelphia Wrap here:
http://www.thisiswhatimeating.com/tag/soy-cafe/
I have been wanting to try this place and finally got to yesterday because my typical smoothie place, Bimini, was closed already. 
I loved that they had outdoor seating out front! While entering I was shocked how big it was inside with lots of tables and a lot more options on the menu than I ever would have assumed. I noticed how vegan and vegetarian friendly they were- I am neither but wouldn't stop me from trying different options. I went with the coco loco smoothie and it was cheaper than the smoothie I normally get at Bimini by $2. I was pleasantly surprised that it was the same size if not bigger! It was delicious. My only complaint was the consistency a little bit down seemed to be very liquid- as in my picture. It was my first time having soy milk so I'm not sure If that was why?! I will be back to try more!
my idea of a pleasant evening includes some butt-kicking classes at lithe method, followed by an incredible smoothie from soy cafe.  and since i've already extolled the virtues of lithe method, this review shall be for soy cafe. :)

as a young asian child, i grew up drinking crappy, thin, sugary soy milk.  then came the silk revolution, where soy became a non-asian household product; and much to my dismay, it was too thick, too rich for my taste.

and so, i've never really quite got on the soy bandwagon.  until now.  this shit is bananas.  really.  their smoothies are to die for.  i've tried everything from the mango-banana to the strawberry-ginger...and just yesterday, i had the kickin' lychee blueberry.  i am happily a soy convert.  plus, every time i've been in there, the staff is uber-friendly, their food (including salads!) are amazing, and the place just screams indie home.

and... just the perfect amount of carbs/fat/protein to reenergize me post-workout!  love!
Walked in here, just to grab a water, and take a break from walking in the heat.  I wasn't prepared to want to sit down and enjoy my soy shake.  It was absolutely delicious.

The counter girls were super sweet, as was my Peanut Butter Rice Krispie treat.

The decor inside is just too cute for words.
Soy Cafe is the chill spot in Northern Liberties.  It's the kinda place you can think about hanging in for hours while you write another chapter in the novel you're writing. It has two rooms and an outdoor garden so you can always find a spot.  Now for the food.  Well it's famous for its smoothies and they def deliver with them.  But the real standout here is the Vegetarian Cheese Steak Wrap.  It is awesome. I don't care if you're a carnivore, herbavore, omnivore or what, everyone will like this dish.  The vegetarian cheese steak is simply one of the best sandwiches in the city. It does take a while to prepare so expect to hang for a bit.  Heck everything here seems to take a while but at least you know then that it is all made from scratch.

If I lived nearer to the Soy Cafe, I'd probably be there a lot.  But alas NoLibs is not my everyday stomping grounds.  But I'll stop back in the Soy Cafe.
Soy Cafe is lovely. It's easy to stay there for hours, enjoying the dimly lit ambiance of a soothing pandora radio station, cool art, fab magazines (including Maxim, in case you were wondering...), creaking wood floors, and the occasional smoothie-maker-grinding-sound. It's a great place to stumble into on a cold winter afternoon - you'll feel cozy...and well cared for with all of their healthy choices!
Omg omg !!! My partner talked about soy cafe so much! This was my first time here & what an amazing experience ! We arrived and the aesthetics of this place are so chill & positive & it feels so warm. He orders our ham & cheese sandwiches that came with a side salad & kindly told the woman at the front we'd return to pick up after going to the bike store down the street. 

My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 

Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 4
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: unknown
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3
Service: 5 

They have all kind of vegan goodies & desserts! You know I have a sweet tooth & love a place that can provide good food & sweetness for afterwards. 

My first bite into my sandwich omg it was like tasting perfection ! I loved it . After I took my first bite , I realized why didn't he order me a second one he knows im a true foodie ! Haha 

This place is a must when in the area just pop in & check them out !
Cozy place, friendly staff, yummy smoothies, but very dishonest pricing. 

PROS

* The smoothies here are delicious and incredibly hearty. I'm not one to get filled up on mush but one Black Banana smoothie (bananas, cocoa, soymilk, peanut butter, oats, and maple syrup instead of honey) and I'm not hungry for hours. It's decadent and rich and very addictive. 

* Service is friendly and not snooty and apathetic like some other cafes that are in No Libs/Fishtown-area.

* Good assortment of vegan baked goodies.

* I also love their stash of current mags they have on hand.

CONS: Here is why I can't give Soy Cafe 4 or 5 stars

* One of the  vegan brownies I had was crumbly and flavorless. I believe most of their vegan baked goods come from North Port Fishington, which are always yummy, but whoever supplies the brownies (not North Port) needs to tweak the recipe.

* I've ordered food twice. Bagel and hummus was alright. Tofu sesame salad was wholesome but the tofu is not flavored or cooked. I LOVE tofu--I even pop a plain, uncooked piece in my mouth while cooking--but a heaping plateful of plain tofu is not appetizing (I doubt a plateful of raw chicken on greens would be much better!). 

* This is my biggest caveat about the place. I never noticed until yesterday that the amount I was charged for two smoothies seemed off. . I calculated the price myself and realized they round up after adding tax and it is quite significant. My order, with tax, should have been $8.53, but they charged me $8.60. They don't use a cash register or offer receipts. I find this practice very dishonest (Golden Chopsticks on Spring Garden does this too) and if you multiply this by all the customers they serve each day, that's quite a markup. They should price their menu so that, with tax, the prices are a round number or they should stop this practice.

I'll think twice about coming back now that I'm aware of the price hike and I'll mention it next time. But it's so close to my bus stop and the smoothies are so good.
Let me start this review by stating that I am not big into soy.  However, I like to support my neighborhood businesses, and stopped in to sample their goods.  

I now like soy, and might stop back for some more.

I had the lychee-blueberry soy smoothie and it was great--just sweet enough without being overpowering.  I still tasted that soy/protein-y flavor, but got over it.

Fun popular magazine selection, cute tables, very friendly service.  In the back is (yet another) weird Northern Liberties boutique with handmade & vintage clothes, jewelry & accessories.  If Soy Cafe sounds familiar, it's because they just moved 2 blocks south from Ironworks II to this location.

Edit: I HAVE stopped back a couple of times, and every day on the way home from the el I have the "to soy or not to soy" debate.  TO usually wins out.
I've ventured to this adorable café pre Memorial Day as I was craving vegan food with such a fiery passion and drove from South Philadelphia to Northern Libs where Soy Café is located and the experience I've had and food made the trip worth it and I'll do it again. 

I purchased the mushroom dumping which was already filling enough, they were perfectly steamed and melted in my mouth! The soy wrap pictured was amazing, the blending of all the ingredients made me feel as if I was in Nirvana and so filling that I couldn't even finish it. You have a choice of soy chicken or soy beef and I chose the beef. It was wrapped with hummus, cucumber, avocado, carrot; and had a yummy sesame dressing that went with it. 

I can't wait to be a frequent customer here at Soy Café. Their service is marvelous and the food enough makes me want to come back!
Yay!  i finally got around to checking this place out today.  i have been meaning to for some time.  what i had:  a coffee, a multigrain bagel with soy cream cheese and the mango mamma smoothie.  

my first impression inside was comfort.  this is the kind of place that, at least on a weekday, it seems like you could spend the day there.  there are lots of cool magazines and art books for leisure reading.  the people were very nice.  it was quiet and calm.  just what i was looking for.  

i ordered the coffee and was glad to see that both soy creamer and regular 1/2 and 1/2 were available.  when i first heard soy cafe, i assumed it was going to be a slightly pretentious vegan pushing coffee shop.  not at all.  there are options for everyone, including vegans, vegetarians, the allergy prone, the lactose intolerant and meat eaters alike.  that is a wonderful thing!

i also ordered the bagel with soy cream cheese.  the cream cheese was indeed delicious.  my only complaint was that the bagel was not as fresh as i was hoping/ expecting.  it wasn't bad.... just a bit stale and blah.  even still, mixed with the soy cream cheese and the surprise orange wedge sides, it was very good. 

then, my mango mamma smoothie.  deeeeeeelish!  loved it.  would definitely order that again.  i felt relaxed and refreshed for my short bike ride home.  

thanks soy cafe... i will definitely be checking you out again.  the rest of the menu looks very enticing!
totally unaware that this was a vegan/vegetarian spot when we walked in, but turned out to be a pretty nice surprise. we were just looking for a quick bite to eat that didn't fill us up too much sincewewere planning on heading out for some cheesesteaks, and soy cafe didn't disappoint. 

i went for the eggplant wrap that tasted earthy, hearty, and crisp all at the same time. everything is made and prepared right behind their bar and out in the open in mini-ovens, presses, coffee/espresso machines. it's all super cozy and relaxing...perfect place to sit, enjoy their free wifi, and a simple bite to eat.
Philadelphia has a crazy plethora of vegan options but it's hard to find HEALTHY plant-based options. That's why I love Soy Cafe so much. Magical delicious amazing healthy food. It's my favorite affordable place in philly.  Alice, the proprietor, is a total sweetheart. See you on taco tuesdays!
Ohhh the poor girl serving me here... I came hungry and there is so much on the menu to choose from it took me way too long. She was very patient with me and made lots of suggestions - great service! 
Finally chose one of the bagel sandwiches with avocado, and PB and J smoothie for me, and a hangover cure smoothie for poor suffering roommate at home.
A+ Best smoothie I have had in a long time and the peanut butter is not overwhelming, my roommate loved the refreshing hangover helper that comes with cucumber, pineapple and ginseng. Loved the bagel sandwich - I will be back soon to try one of the many many wraps, sandwiches or toasts. Happy to say I found my new go to pick up spot in NoLibs.
love the soy café. they have the greatest juices: i recommend carrot, apple, and lychee. awesome food: love the turkey wrap and the spicy tuna in a wrap or on a bagel! i always have to take a photo of each of our meals and instagram it because the presentation is so cool! great smoothies: i like the black banana best! and the cranberry oatmeal cookies are to die for! we also love the iced coffee!!

i'm not vegan or health conscious so i never thought to walk in the door, but one day we did and have been thankful ever since. the atmosphere here is great, very laidback, always room to spread out, nice staff, and the back patio is adorable. it is a great place to sit and do some work on your laptop. we usually never want to leave. 

stop in and feel good about treating yourself to food and drinks that are soy good!!
I placed an order at 10:00 AM for a noon delivery because my lunch time is only 30 minutes. They were 15 minutes late but I felt bad for the delivery guy so I still gave a decent tip on top of the $2.00 delivery charge the restaurant charges. 

I ordered the shrimp shumai for an appetizer, it was ok at best. Very small and kind of dry. For the sandwich, I got the Toast On Nova, the salmon was great and the soy mayo was also delish but the wheat toast was so hard that it crumbled when I bit into it. They advertised capers, I think I may have seen less than 5 caper seeds in the whole sandwich. The garlic mustard dressing for the spring mix was decent.
I walk by the soy cafe, twice - every day on my way to and from work.  Sometimes I stop by after I get off the subway to grab a snack or a drink.  

It's cute, cozy, and eclectic inside.  They have a variety of good reading materials to check out and there is pretty much always interesting people watching.  I like the courtyard area that is open in the back during the warmer months.  They play good music too.

I have tried several of their wraps and also the homemade soy smoothies.  The Shrek is my favorite of the smoothies.  

On many a visit I have really had to take advantage of the aforementioned reading material because most of the times I've been there, I put in my order and then waited.....and waited......and waited.  Sometimes the wait is quite ridiculous.  

I remember one time I was the only person waiting as far as I could tell, and all I ordered was one smoothie and I had to wait 15-20 minutes.  I was just about to tell them to cancel my order when the girl behind the counter apologized and I finally heard the lovely grinding noise of my smoothie being made.

All in all I like this place, but I would probably be more inclined to patronize it more frequently if the service was a bit more prompt.

Great vegan and vegetarian options, as the name would suggest.
I dropped by Soy Cafe this morning for my post-errand running smoothie, as I have the last two Sundays, sometime around noon (they open at 11 on Sundays). I walked up to find the door locked. Someone who I've seen working there the last two weeks came to the door, peeked out and said "the counter person isn't here" and turned me away. I was like uh, okay, peace out, see ya never (at least until next Sunday if I feel like it).

I don't know what the story was, but in my opinion, it's bad business to turn away customers during business hours like that. Obviously someone was manning the ship and there were, seemingly, other customers milling about in there. It's a shame to have to give blah reviews to places you really like, but I have a lot of feelings and thoughts that must be shared, and it's also a shame that my business went to STARBUCKS instead of Soy Cafe. Ain't my problem.
The food is great, and healthy. Large portion sizes, delicious (amazing) smoothies, good customer service, and an awesome outdoor patio. They also sell clothing, shoes, and accessories in the back. I love the magazine collection....definitely makes the time pass by a little faster. cash only...
$8 minimum on credit card. Staff were attentive and knowledgable. Very trendy cafe with good lighting and ambiance. Overall, the baked goods were not that impressive. Mini-muffins were dry and noticeably bland. Interesting mix of tofu smoothies and straight soy milk. Specialty soy milk is eclectic. Had a black sesame soy. Freshly made soy milk is very different than what you get in the grocery store and super tasty. Will probably give this place another shot some time and try their hot breakfast foods.
Really nice staff and a well presented interior.  I guess the best way to describe it is if a coffee shop isn't healthy enough, try this place.  Green tea and soy rule the house.  It's not totally my forte as I usually just stick with black coffee and don't get too fancy otherwise but still, it's nice to know it's there.
This is my favorite food-related place of any kind in Philadelphia.

It occurred to me recently that I have probably been to the Soy Cafe close to 300 times in the last 8 years and I have never had a bad experience.  Not a single one.  That's pretty amazing.

My current favorite menu item is the Spicy Seafood Ramen.  I like all of their sushi-inspired wraps (Philadelphia, Spicy Tuna, etc.) and all of their salads.  They use the freshest, highest-quality fruit and vegetable ingredients, which combined with the creative dressings is what makes the food so great.

The smoothies are great.  The tea is very good.  The coffee is very good.

Fake meat is not one of my favorite things, but I have had the vegan sausage wrap and the vegan cheese steak wrap and they were both good, in my inexpert opinion.

The staff is great.  I have noticed that they have one of the lowest staff turnover rates in the food business and that must speak to something.  They are always friendly and inviting.

I like the decor.  They rotate their art every few months, maybe more sometimes.

The outside area is small but very nice.

Once in a while when they turn the blender on its pretty loud for 15-20 seconds.  That's literally the only bad thing I could say about this place.
i love the food. the philadelphia wrap is a staple when i order from here. salmon, salad, soy mayo on wheat. but the service is soooooo ssssllllooooowwww. it's best to call ahead or you'll be standing there forever. the coffee isnt that good. but the baked goods are out of this world. be prepared to pay out the nose. this place is very expensive. the staff is sweet, just in no hurry. cash only, but they have an atm in the back.
Ahhhh, Soy Cafe. Passing through Northern Liberties while out running errands on Sunday morning, I decided it was time for a cool beverage, perhaps something to take the place of the breakfast I hadn't consumed yet. I've always wanted to try Soy Cafe and I'm glad I finally had a chance to. 

The cafe itself is comfortable and bright. They have magazines you can read if you feel like hanging out and as far as I could tell they were relatively current magazines (you know how I feel about old magazines and if you don't know now you know - I hate them A LOT). The people working there are doing their own thing, but friendly and ready to whip you up something delicious, which I like. If I wanted to sit there for half an hour while I enjoyed my smoothie, I don't think they would have cared or given me the side eye.

I browsed their long list of smoothies, most (all?) containing their homemade soymilk. I picked the Shrek smoothie - honeydew, kiwi, tofu, soymilk & honey. So good! It tasted fresh and was very satisfying. I also fet good about the added benefits of drinking a serving protein.

The price here for a smoothie is right, also. They have a pretty wide variety of food, including many vegetarian options, sandwiches, wraps, and some interesting items not usually found at your regular cafe. I'm looking forward to trying some of these things in the future. I'll probably make this a pitstop on my weekend errand runs around town. Five!
My personal favorite is the snow bunny. It has ginger in it but it's not too overpowering. It's refreshing and delicious. I always feel like I'm lacking in vitamin C and on the brink of getting sick, so I always get the snow bunny-- hoping that it will protect me from all those people coughing around me. In case you didn't know, ginger is full of vitamin C! 

The other day, I tried their oatmeal cookie for the first time. It was amazing. I didn't think vegan cookies could be so good. It does taste a little bit "healthy" and not like Chips Ahoy if that's what you're looking for.
Soy Cafè is my favorite place ever. I've been there multiple times and only had great experiences with food and service. Soy Chai is a must also love their vegan options a lot. Overall,keep making this awesome soul food,people will never get enough of it!!! Thank you.
i love the kickin kiwi smoothie here.  and the back garden is pretty adorable in the summer.  the spicy tuna sandwich on the russian black bread is quite delicious, however i'm always hungry again like two hours later, and it's a bit pricey for that.
I used to live up the street from here and I have to say that I miss this place most in the neighborhood. Their wraps and smoothies are positively  delicious and guilt free! They should franchise!
Soy Vey!  (apologies to the makers of those scrumptious marinades)
but Soy Cafe is the tofu bomb!  I must admit I wasn't an original frequenter of the joint when it was housed at Ironworks, but now that it has a place of its very own, I'm there on a weekly basis.

Be it their scrumptious eats (I'm a big fan of their california wrap - and that homemade honey mustard of theirs - droool!), their mouth-watering smoothies (they made me a soy milk convert! I'm slowly but surely trying every one on their menu) or their little baked sweets - everything hits the right note and is just plain yummy. (down to the orange quarters they serve with the sandwiches!)

They always have a a multitude of fun mags to keep me occupied as I wait for my goodies to be prepared.  This local little Soy temple is a gem for any meal or snack for meat and veggie eaters alike.
I love this place! For some reason, I love it, but always forget it's there, but when I remember, the experience is always perfect. The cafe itself is great, with lots of diverse material reading material if you're there solo. In the back there's a more private room to hang out in, which leads to a small outdoor seating area. The outdoor area is lovely, with potted plants and a draping ivy wall. Set away from the public street, it is a beautiful place to enjoy your homemade soy smoothies or healthy lunch. The other nice thing is that it is never too crowded so you can work/eat in peace. 

I tend to always order the green tea smoothie, which is so tasty and not too sweet. Recently I was lured in by their vegan dip, mushroom omelet, soy wrap and vegan bbq steamed buns. I'm not usually vegan/vegetarian, but everything was sooooo tasty! I love this place!
A nice, cozy cafe with quality vegan/vegetarian options at more accessible prices! 

I particularly enjoyed the black sesame soy drink--it reminded me of the black sesame soft serve that I like to get in Japan. It wasn't too sweet, and the soy milk that was used didn't have a pungent aftertaste and was deliciously silky. The black sesame was a very delicious complement to the elegantly delicate soy milk, and the drink had a very pleasant nutty flavor. If I were to mention something that could be improved, it would be that when the drink was served, it wasn't as steaming hot as I would have liked it to be. 

The hummus is creamy, and the vegetable sticks are crisp, fresh, and delicious. It is so refreshing to have simple food done well at reasonable prices. I wish this place existed where I live!
After hearing such great things about Soy Café, I had to try it out, so en route to a friend's house to watch the Oscars, I stopped in for a smoothie.  Mind you, I'm not a vegan, but since my best friend of 18 years is, I've learned to love anything soy.     The café's atmosphere is colorful yet calming with ample seating and tables in the front and back with various reading materials (magazines, newspapers, etc.) available for patrons to peruse.  Very eclectic and appealing to the ever-increasing population of recent grads and 20-somethings populating the neighborhood.  The barista was friendly and made conversation with me as she was preparing my drink, and even after I had finished it, I hung out for a while before heading on my way.  I did pick up a copy of their menu and will be back to try one of their sandwiches or other vegan-friendly offerings!
Holy universe.  So delicious.  I wish I lived next door.  Lots of smoothie options.  4 kinds of vegan dumplings (gyoza)!!  Lots of options for kids.  Highly recommended!!!
They didn't put napkins in my togo food, also my food was supposed to come with salad but didn't.
Also they claim they're serious about covid to the point that you can't even wait inside for the food but the cashier lady started cutting apple without washing her hand right after putting the orders and touch the tablet that every customer touches to pay.
Clean and lovely atmosphere! Had the pleasure of going on a sunny/ warm day with outdoor seating both in the front and in the back patio (that I actually didn't notice until later on!) 
The Green Tea/Matcha Smoothie was just right right flavor and smoothie consistency! A small business worth supporting for any time of day
Their food is just as they advertise it: healthy, tasty, and fresh! I either order for take out or grab a coffee with my meal to get some work done while I'm there since they have wifi. My favorite dish is the heavenly wrap. But they do have an 8$ card minimum so remember to bring cash if needed. There's also outside seating in a little garden in the back of the cafe for nice summer days.
I love Soy Cafe. The staff is friendly and helpful. I love going here for fresh healthy options and ring able to take my 4 legged best friend with me is icing on the cake!
Great little place to have a sip of coffee and enjoy a nice healthy lunch. Soy cafe is one of my first lunch choice when i'm on a health kick, want to grab a quick lunch or when i'm around the area before hitting up Super fresh for groceries. 

The Soy chicken wrap is delish (with a hint of wasabi hummus) and the wrap is cut into small pieces so you can just pop one in your mouth. 
I must say the best cookies are made here, not too sweet but enough to satisfy my sweet tooth.  I catch myself craving the Oatmeal and raisin cookie with a cup of hot green tea. 

One negative thing I have to say that I had ordered from their menu were the dumpling platter.  The dumplings were basically taken out from a bag in the freezer and reheated.  From a place that practically hand makes everything I would've expected the dumplings to be also.  Big disappointment.

Overall: Great place to meet with friends, go on a first date or simply to read a book.
Dairy free eating both simple and sophisticated - coffee, smoothies, wraps - Nice.
After moving into the neighborhood, I was excited to learn there was a vegan restaurant right around the corner. 
Enter Soy Cafe, it has a very hippy, earthy, chill vibe. It bills itself as vegan, though it is not really a vegan restaurant, they display the items that are not vegan as so on the menu, which is nice.
They only have one work station so I am sure some cross contamination goes on here, but hey.
I don't like their baked goods, they are hard to describe: soft but crumbly and oily, but dry, and flavorless. 
The vegan cheesesteak wrap that was recommended by my friend was very squishy and watery, again, not a lot of flavor.
I have been to soy cafe 4 times and have went away disappointed every time. 
The smoothies all have honey in them, I ordered one without the honey, it was sour and flavorless. I know, I know, I changed the menu item. But some people just don't do honey.
The last time, the babe and I went in for dinner. I got a bagel sandwich with spicy hummus (was really good) and some veggies. My girl got a sandwich, I forget which one, but about halfway through there is a hair on the plate that matches the cooks. We didn't say anything because everyone is really nice there. But that ruined it for me, the food was bad, pastries bad, hair in food bad. 
I probably will be back to soy, to stop in for a coffee or tea, but will not be dining here anymore. This is not a 4+ star restaurant by any means, keep it real.
Having recently moved to the 'hood I'm so glad I acted on a friend's suggestion and checked this place out. Soy Cafe's space is beautiful and includes a large front area with plenty of tables and stools, a back area with a large table for groups to do work and a patio outside.  It's all very beautifully decorated and comfortable. 

"Soy" is the star here being that they make their own soy milk. It's featured all over the menu, especially in the diverse selection of soy smoothies. I had a large coffee (with soy milk of course) and the Sunshine smoothie. At 3.95 and full of delicious fruit it was definitely worth it.  The food on the menu and that was brought out to customers looked amazing; however, I wasn't eating here today. I think I'll find myself here often as it's a perfect spot to get caught up on work over the weekend.
This place is simply delicious. A great place for vegetarians. A great place to relax. My favorite things are the Betty Boop smoothie and and TnA sandwich (tomato and avocado). Most dishes are served with a simple but super fresh salad. The smoothies really are to die for. After trying just one you'll start to crave them. It can take time to get your order, especially if it's busy, so I like to call ahead so my smoothie's ready when I arrive. Best place to cure a hangover.

Indoor and outdoor seating, and even some shopping in the back room! Cute second-hand clothes and some locally made jewelry/toys. The art on the walls changes now and again, by local artists.

Cash only.
Soy cafe

Easy to find: (Well yes but we walked right past it so my boyfriend called to see where it was (we ended up at some location that closed). CHECK.

Cozy yet stylish: CHECK!

Super awesome people here: CHECK. The girl that I interacted with was super sweet and very attentive. She even came over with a bag for our items(when we were putting our stuff in a takeout wrapper).
 
Soy Cafe has an awesome seating arrangement and they have some very nifty reading material. These are not your average magazines =). 

Oh and the food. The vegan cinnamon buns were so good looking that  my boyfriend (omnivore) actually got (and ate) one. Yes, one; he ate one! And so did I, so I can say that they were VERY good: soft, just the right amount of cinnamon, and the icing was "lick your fingers good." She asked if we wanted them "for here," and we said sure (she warmed them up for us =) ). We also got them out of the wrapper and on to a plate. 
The banana nut (homemade) muffin was really good too: tasty and moist. Again, she asked if I wanted it warmed up, but I got it to go.

They also have some of my favorite drink options: water (Fuji), Viva coconut water!, bubbly lemonade, aloe vera (why is spell check saying vera is spelled wrong? Ohhh there is goes again, and it just did it again for o + three "geez") juice and some teas --- as well as other options.

What else am I forgetting? Oh and I should have asked myself that before leaving. We get down the street and I go "I want the vegan ham and cheese" *sad face,*" so my boyfriend told me to just get it. I walked back in feeling a little weird that I didn't make up my mind the first time, but they are so sweet and friendly here that my weird feeling went out the door, and I ordered up a vegan ham and cheese! I got it to go, and by the time we got on the El, I wanted to try some (I know there are germs, but it smelled so good). I opened it up and almost freaked out because the vegan ham looked so real! I thought I was given the wrong order possibly (the woman in front of me ordered sandwiches too). But a Google search later, I realized some vegan ham is super thick. (Oh and my boyfriend also tried it.) It was awesome. Super thick cut, taste almost like the real thing, awesome dressing, toasty wheat bread (you have an option of the type of bread) and a side salad. 

5 Stars for Soy Cafe (next time I'm going to try a smoothie; everyone was coming in for them). I'm very glad I found this place. 

They also have free WIFI, and they are animal friendly here =). This is a great place to order up a smoothie and a cookie or muffin and check your email or do some studying (if it's not too packed).
Sitting here in the Cafe and am extremely disappointed. Usually organic vegan treat spots provide a more friendly and accommodating atmosphere. My coffee was lousy. I asked to exchange it for something of lesser value. She said yes, and then rang me up. Told me I already drank their far from average cup of Joe and said I'd have to pay for a new one. I returned my full cup off coffee and walked away with nothing. Not worth the visit for sure.
Soy has become my go-to spot when I'm trying to squeeze in dinner before embarking on my dangerously adventurous expedition...at Go Vertical. Everything I've tried there has been great, and I try something new pretty much every time I go. I love their fresh clean side salads as well. 

My most recent sandwich there is the Artichoke and Tomato on multi grain. I highly recommend it. And their drinks are usually on point as well. There are so many options, I tend to just close my eyes and pick. So far so good. 

Soy is also on my list of "I don't feel weird eating alone here" places.
Wasn't impressed by the drinks or service. I stopped in an hour and a half before close to meet up with someone until they closed. I felt pressured when I was ordering. I was asking a lot of questions because I'm picky when it comes to my drinks. I don't like them sweetened, a certain kind of milk etc. the girl behind the counter seemed annoyed. I went with a steeped chai tea latte and she said it wasn't sweetened but when I received my drink it was too sweet and she said they sweeten it with brown sugar. Annoyed that I paid $5 for something I wouldn't drink any more of I asked to return it for a regular tea. The girl continued to be rude and act annoyed and gave me my tea without offering me my money back for the difference. There are definitely better coffee shops around and I probably won't be returning here.
Secretly, I am in love with Soy Cafe...afternoons spent looking through artsy magazines while I sip on  Lychee & Blueberry Smoothie are my favorite!

And, don't forget about the spicy tuna.  In a wrap, multi grain bread, croissant or just plain, its a taste sensation.  And it does not hurt that the staff is the friendliest in Northern Liberties
I was biking last weekend in the 90-degree heat 
    and I wanted something light to eat.

So I found on yelp this vegan cafe 
    and thought I'd go in on a quiet Sunday.

I got a side salad and a soy wrap with chicken... 
    the ginger sauce was finger-lickin'

I liked the wrap's flavor and the chicken's texture even, 
    but just to be fair I rarely eat vegan.

The ambiance is hipster and a little derelict, 
   but I think that's ambiance, so don't throw a fit.

It's barely two blocks from the Frankford El,
     but it's on 2nd street, so there's parking as well.

To sum up my experience, it was definitely great, 
    and out of 10 stars I'd give it an 8!
God, I have no idea what took me so long to try this place after they re-opened at their new address. I am hitting myself over the head for all the missed opportunities of incredible soy shakes and that damn delicious spicy tuna sandwich. 
Every visit has been the same. Very nice and welcoming staff and great shakes. I try to get a different one each time but I get stuck on the heavier ones that have oatmeal in them. Something about drinkable oatmeal just turns me on. 
I usually eat in since its very welcoming. When I am eating solo I prefer the bar type area where they have a good selections of magazines and the standard PW and CP to read. There are also a few tables with chairs and comfy sofas or a small outdoor eating area that is pretty nice.  
If you are in the area you should definitely check it out and dont let the soy turn you off. The drinks dont taste chalky or anything like that. I have never tried the coffee so I cant recommend that but get any shake and you will be more than satisfied!
I eat here often as its one and maybe the only Vegan & Gluten Free place in the city like that. Clean food, prepared well and server nicely. Menu has extensive choice in Smoothies, Shakes, Wraps, Sandwiches, Salads and Breakfast items. 
They also have those great Gluten Free donuts. Yum! I'm loving those...
Walked in here starving to find a cute dimly lit place with a few tables and large counter. We ordered at the counter and waited for the food to be brought to us. The menu was huge and was excited to order. However, the cashier/waiter wasn't too friendly. I didn't feel like asking her too many questions. 

Mind you, the entire menu is vegan! There is no real cheese except soy cheese. We ordered the nachos (with "edamame guac" and "soy cheese") It was surprisingly not that bad. But then again, we were hangry so ate anything brought to us! It also had olives and scallions. The portion was enough as a small appetizer.

The MUSHROOM OMELETTE was fairly okay. It was topped with a generous portion of soy cheese and honey mustard dressing, which gave it a different yet slightly palatable flavor. A side salad accompanied it as well. We ended up forcing ourselves to finish the plate. Guess soy cheese makes you full!

The AMERICAN CHEESESTEAK wrap had soy flavored beef. The first bite takes you by total surprise but then it sort of grew on you! The BELLA BURGER WRAP basically was a whole lot of greens with large slices of portobello mushrooms. It was super plain and boring. Both the wraps were slightly disappointing. They both tasted similar towards the end, nothing stood out in them.

I was eyeing the appetizing baked sweet treats on display, but after experiencing dinner I wasn't ready to be disappointed with dessert either.

We left feeling under-satisfied. Though the menu was quite extensive, I probably will not return, unless to try their extensive smoothie menu. 2 stars for the extensive menu and cute venue.
This review will be very similar to a lot of others. Food was good, coffee was great, portions were plentiful and it was warm & cozy inside but the service was terrible.

My family and I waited a good 5 minutes at the counter before even being acknowledged, the woman working this past Sunday literally kept her back to us the whole time making a beverage, no good morning I'll be a few minutes, nothing. The other woman making the food had a very strong accent and said hello twice but made no attempt at helping us or asking the other woman behind the counter to acknowledge us. This being our first time here we didn't know if we were supposed to sit down and wait for her to come take our order or order at the counter. Then when she did come over there was no greeting and no explaining the menu, even when asking questions is a very short response void of any details. We actually had to pay 2 separate bills b/c even though she saw that my Grandmother had moved over to the beverage counter to pick out a juice she asked me twice, is that all for now,  to the point where I was annoyed enough to just pay & then add the juice on later. Mind you, there was no one else in there but us. Normally I would go back to give this place a second try but based on all the negative reviews about the service it doesn't look like the owner is taking the feedback from these reviews seriously and with no one to help you natigate through the menu it's not worth it for me to spend my money there when they can't even muster up a simple greeting or thank you or take the time to explain some of the unfamiliar menu items.
Soy Cafe is delightful.  Cozy atmosphere, great tea and coffee, the entrees are delicious, and the desserts are awesome.  I always look forward to going to Soy Cafe, whether its for a filling and healthy lunch, a pick-me-up coffee or tea, or to satisfy a sweet tooth.  I highly recommend their California roll wrap, their chocolate chip cookies (regular or vegan) and the loose teas.
Such a cute cafe!! I love that their menu labels the items that are NOT vegan rather than the ones that are. I had an amazing vegan gluten-free brownie and a vegan peanut butter rice crispy treat when I went. The surrounding area is fabulous and the cafe itself is unique and gorgeous. 

I cannot wait to spend hours there in the coming months.
Had a great sesame bagel here with tomato and cream cheese that had lots of flavor. Vanilla soy cappuccino was very good just wish they carried organic grass fed regular milk. Glad all their soy seems to be organic and non gmo. Tried the donut which was very nice...not too sweet but a large which is still on the small side will set you back $3.50 which is kind if crazy for any donut.
I love this place.  It is in a really good location and is so pleasant inside.  I know a lot of the decor is carried over from the old Pond cafe, but it works and I love the wooden bar.

The food here is tasty and made with care.  Same goes for the smoothies and coffee drinks.  Definitely worth the wait if there is a line, but they are usually very fast.
Awesome fresh juice. In house soy milk. Vegan options. Bakery options. Asian options. Full menu. Try the oatmeal. Or a pineapple, lemon, ginger juice.  One flaw, anything "cooked" appears to be microwaved. But I usually go for drink options. Still love that I can bring my dog in.
They use excellent ingredients and I LOVE the Funky Monkey smoothie. I trust my health with them when I'm eating on the go.
By FAR my favorite cafe in the world.  Ridiculously good food and the crowd is just as good.  Just wish it wasn't so far from home!
Well it's over a year later and nothing has changed except that maybe this place has become even more awesome!!  I've expanded my menu. Their freshly squeezed fruit juices are great!  The BBQ and Super Veggie wraps are amazing!!

The also are no longer a cash only business!!  THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!  Woo hoo!!  You've gotta go there!

PS Even my boyfriend, who is NOT very adventurous, loves every veggie-licious thing he's eaten from there. If that's not proof, I don't know what is!!
Came to Soy Cafe tonight to study in their back room and get a healthy dinner. Studying is great there, however the lighting of the backroom is poor. I like things really bright when I study (mostly to keep me awake) and the room is quite dark. There are tiny desk lamps but only illuminate in a small circle so they are unhelpful. However, it does create a more "relaxing" experience. They have a great middle table for group work or projects and small tables off to the side for individual study.

I ordered the grapefruit avocado salad and it was just as great as last time. I am obsessed with the ginger dressing they make! They give you an excessive amount which is also awesome.

I think that tonight I discovered one of my top 5 nonalcoholic beverages ever. Their citrus tea is INCREDIBLE. It is caffeine free (good for night time studying!) It seems like it is a white tea infused with oranges and lemons, with emphasis on the oranges. At the bottom of the mug there is candied orange rind and muddled orange. They even give you a spoon to stir it (or eat it at the bottom like I did). This tea is sweet, but having drank true Southern Sweet Tea for many years I can assure you that it doesn't taste anywhere as sweet as that. Citrus tea tastes almost like a lemonade, but you can definitely taste the tea and orange. It is so refreshing and addicting. I think I will have to get these at least once a week!
Nice quiet reading cafe with a variety of coffee drinks and smoothies. I got a green tea coffee and my fiancé got a peppermint mocha coffee. Both were great. The vibe is very consistent with the No Libs atmosphere...chill, hipster, jeans and sneaks crowd, anything but pretentious.
Really fabulous food and great service. I was able to eat an entire huge meal without a single animal product. The food was exceptional. Try the artichoke sandwich toasted perfectly and don't forget a cookie. PB lovers will like the PBS rice cake too.  Oh, you can't go wrong with the smoothie either.
I live in the East Village of NYC, and am fortunate enough to have a wealth of vegetarian restaurants to choose from in my area. Our neighborhood wasn't always that way, and so it is the case with where Soy Cafe resides. It really helps to have an open mind in life when you try anything that's new to you, and no restaurant can make everyone happy. 

I have friends in Philly and make the trip down there from time to time and the Soy Cafe gives me a chance to to stay on track with my mostly vegetarian diet. 

Soy Cafe reminds me of New York in the 70's and 80's, when it comes to decor. The old vintage look has plenty of character, and as long as you're comfortable in an old world, casual setting, you'll feel right at home there. Today there are too many food and beverage chains, so to me this is a nice place that fits somewhere between an old pharmacy and a really old bar. What I like most is that it's a very laid back place that has tasteful accents. 

The folks who work there are mostly friendly and courteous, one shouldn't expect the kind of service that many more traditional restaurants have. That said, they get the job done and most importantly are community oriented folks. So as long as you have reasonable expectations from a very minimal staff service wise, you'll be just fine with it. 

I've had wraps, sandwiches, salads and deserts. Coming from New York, I find the pricing to be very reasonable, but of course that is relative. The food is fresh and quite good. The Semi Philly styled wrap was very tasty, and the salad I've had was quite a complete offering, which really hit the spot. I'm used to vegan deserts, and these deserts ( ex. Chocolate Cup Cakes) are fresh home baked and are up there with the best of them. I do find that one does have to acquire a taste for these newer vegan recipees, but once you do, it seems as natural as anything else that you've had. 

Having worked in restaurants on and off for a bit over 20 years, I can see that Soy Cafe has a wonderful potential to become a highly appreciated and successful restaurant in it's community. I just think more people who are into vegetarian food, fish and noodles need to know about the place. 

I applaud all the hard work that has gone into putting this place together, and sincerely hope you get a chance to try some different dishes so you can get a better idea of what is offered there. It's a good chance to branch out while eating healthier!
Soy Cafe is my favorite lunch spot in philly as of now...I always feel good about spending my money there,The food is healthy,tasty,aesthetically pleasing and always physically makes me feel good! The Employees are great,kudos to olivia and graciela!! Also,there is a small outside seating area in the back of restaurant that is absolutely beautiful and perfect on a nice day!
Our meal was very tasty. I had the BBQ Wrap; delicious with fresh greens and meat substitute soy protein with mild sweet bbq sauce. Paul had the sausage wrap and Rob had the quesadilla. All vegan and flavorful. I also had a papaya papa smoothie; so good. We ate every last bite and it was all a sensuous delight.
And so I recently started working at a non-profit near Soy Cafe. This may be one of the benefits of the job: being so close to a cafe that goes above and beyond in its food, teas, and baked goods.

To start: I am a huge fan of loose leaf tea, and Soy usually carries about a half dozen in addition to their iced tea selection. Just today I had their jasmine blossom tea -- it was absolutely terrific.

I will also here echo what others have said about the quality of the food: they give great portions, and have gone out of their way, it seems, to create a diverse and dynamic menu for their vegan and vegetarian diners. And while their food is unique, it seems they've also made it a point to remain health conscious. I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone looking for a simple but high quality vegan/vegetarian meal in Philadelphia.
great study spot, I almost dont want to give it away. the service is always impeccable and the smoothies are as good as everyone says. Free wifi- albeit a bit slow, but slow wifi is always conducive to studying. keeps you from watching hours upon hours of puppy videos.
SUCH a huge fan of this place. Their Funky Monkey smoothie is like sent from heaven. Tasty food and snacks, freshly prepared. Always a must-stop place when I'm in Northern Liberties.
I hadn't been here in over a year so I was glad to stop by and find that the menu is even more vegan-oriented than ever! Vegan pastries, soups, sandwiches and salads, and all in a charming low-key setting with funky touches.  My avocado-grapefruit-almond salad was a very generous portion that included the leafy greens I always want as part of my salad, and was filling and  delicious. Staff is incredibly nice and it's just plain relaxing to be there. Highly recommended.
Food is great and smoothies are good.  Unfortunately the staff lacks personality and very uptight as well as the owners reflecting a snotty and pragmatic side to them.  No positive energy.
Soy Cafe has a healthy and diverse menu that has something for everyone - carnivore, herbivore, omnivore and gluten free. And food here is fresh and delicious! Especially, the smoothies with homemade soy milk is great. Staff is always friendly and the price is reasonable. Also, the decor has a really nice and warm feeling with great design. Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Oh love. Finally got around to coming here today and I don't even know where to start. Should I talk about how delish the food was? Or should I talk about how soothing and perfect my soy latte was? Or how welcoming the cafe itself is? Actually, I'm just going to say that I've never had a better vegan brownie - soft, not too sweet and perfectly sized.
There are those rare times when you walk into a business and you say..... Perfect!!! Well today I have. This place looks like it was created in a vegan think-tank. It's surreal. The wooden pews are broken and in fit comfortable. The decor is excellent. Coaches and the back and a space in the bathroom. Then the healthy  food is actually delicious. I had a zen peach with protein and I was expecting the chalkboard taste. But my mouth was blasted with berries, peach, and goodness.
I guess the best word to describe this place would be *interesting*, in that academic sort of I-don't-know-what-to-make-of-this interesting. On one hand, the food was okay - my spicy tuna sandwich was about what you'd expect and the wife really liked her grilled eggplant. Nice large side salad with a pretty unique ginger dressing. On the other hand, I'm not sure how much I like the garage sale/Ikea furnishing and generally grungy environment. Perhaps the giant dog at the table behind us didn't help with that aspect of things.

In any case, if I had to have a sandwich, this place would be somewhere between Subway and Potbelly.
The food is not great if you are NOT a vegetarian/vegan. If you are, this place is perfect as their menu caters to those food choices. The service usually just okay, not extremely rude not extremely friendly. Smoothies are very delicious though. If this place was open earlier during the week, I'd probably stop in on my way to work for a smoothie or coffee.
Love the vegan iptions this place has to offer.  Interestingl, the food is tasty and not just soy. The presentation of the food is also very nice. Good thing is tht the food is made right in front of you. So, you can judge the hygiene of this place.  Liked it much. Chillled out atmosphere. Just, that there were only 2 people working on orders , and so it was slow. Also, the menu were right in front of thw cashier rather than display board. So, u take time to decide while people behind u are waiting to order. Otherwise, this place is good and I recommend it.
I love soy cafe, and make an effort to go anytime I'm in the area. They make by far the best soy latte I've ever had in Philly, and I love the great selection of vegan desserts! It's got a very chill vibe, great to sit back and relax.
Walked past it many times and finally decided to try it out. I ordered wraps for myself and my boyfriend, then decided to have a little soy ice cream as well. I ordered chocolate, and asked the woman behind the counter how much ice cream came in the order. She said she thought it was two scoops and I said ok - no complaint, totally fine with me, I only wanted a little anyway. After a bit, she went to the back to get it. She came out carrying a carton of So Delicious, like a deer in headlights, telling me they were out of chocolate. No problem, I said, vanilla's fine. She came out with the vanilla carton, and gave me three scoops. That's so nice, I thought! She's giving me an extra scoop because they're out of chocolate! Nope - I was charged $1.25 for an extra scoop of ice cream I never asked for that I could've gotten myself.

Can't say much about the food because I don't even remember what I ordered, so I guess it was fine.
Great smoothies.  Food is super fresh and healthy.  If you had a rough night of unhealthy binge drinking, eat here the next day to cancel out all those kill the liver toxins.

The salad dressing is homemade with a very refreshing taste and all of the veggies used are extra crunchy.  The sandwhiches come with many different bread options and I particularly recommend the tuna they use.

The smoothies are especially good for all you late night partiers.  Chill out and detox.  Its a relaxing atmosphere.  Go ahead, contemplate those fuzzy memories from last night.
Hmmm trying their Snow Soy Smoothies which is ginger vanilla cinnamon  soymilk aand honey..very refreshing specially this kinda hot day..but the service I think its too slow..Overall 7/10 ;)
I work nearby and I often get takeout smoothies and wraps from here! 
What a cute little shop, great decor! And a great menu...
A little pricey but it's delicious.. And they make everything pretty quickly

I've had the tuna scallion, spicy tuna, super veggie, and artichoke all in a whole wheat wrap before. I really enjoyed the two tuna ones the most! I like the little slices of fruit they give as a side. And I also like how they cut the wrap like a sushi roll... Into multiple pieces. Much easier to eat and save for later this way too..

Will continue to get lunch from here!
