Grabbed a reservation here before a show at a local theater. The restaurant is bigger then it looks from the street.  They have a separate banquet room and bar located down a hallway from the main restaurant seating area. The Bar has its own outside entrance.

We started with a bottle of red wine from their Wine list and ordered with Mussels in Red sauce for our appetizer. For entrees we had the Linguine Carbonara and the Short Rib Pappardelle.  Although delicious, I thought the  Short Rib Pappardelle had too much Short Rib or perhaps not enough Pappardelle.  The short rib was delicious, but felt more like a meat dish with a pasta side vs a Pasta dish that had meat in it.

Service was excellent, friendly and knowledgeable. All in all a 3 stars.  I will need a few more visits to try some of the other items they have on their menu.
A beautiful day in the city with a beautiful lady with me to be honored on mothers day. One could not ask for a better day than this , with a great meal waiting to be had at Spasso. 

As we entered Spasso we were greeted by the hostess who brought us to our table. As we were perusing the different options of endless enjoyment another lady came by our table. She had welcomed us  with the specials of the day along with that she handed my mother a rose , seeing it was her day.   

We started off by ordering 2 bottle of wine for those enjoying seafood, and those enjoying meat.  The bottles ordered were a Verdicchio in white along with a San Gioveze in red was enjoyed with our meals. Both of these enticing wines that enhance every flavor, every touch of detail put into these meals are a dry wine. The best, well one of the best things was bringing the wine back home.  

We started off with a few dishes from the  Antipasti menu in 2 orders of Grilled Calamari along with a special of the day in an order of Octopus Carpaccio with Fennel. Simply delicious, the Calamari  was on point. A delightful taste, how the taste wasn't over powered by garlic or oil  used. The Octopus Carpaccio won this battle of the 2 antipasti, barely won I say... barely. I think it was that fennel they used with the fresh squeezed lemon that dressed  over the Octopus lightly grilled that did a number on us.      

Main courses were

*Veal and Crab-  My mother and I both went with the Veal and Crab which was topped with spinach, crab & lemon butter sauce, mixed vegetables in zucchini red peppers, and cuts of eggplant. I had requested  a side of linguine in a red sauce.  The veal was lightly breaded  that just melted in your mouth. I realized I didn't have to order a side of pasta , seeing this was a very filling dish. I did though have 2 forks of pasta which is a homemade pasta. Simply delicious, a dish that needs to be ordered. (Pasta too, if you think you can handle it)  

*Zuppa Di Pesce-  This was an order my father had gone with. The aroma alone from this marvel of a dish was heavenly. The Zuppa has an assorted fresh seafood over a bed of linguine, in a red sauce. The mountain of mussels ,clams, with ginormous pieces of shrimp hidden inside made my fathers day. This is something he enjoyed , and with the looks of it , this is something I will have to try next time. 

* Grilled Halibut and Asparagus- This was one of the specials my sister had ordered that  they were doing for Mothers Day.  Dressed in a white wine sauce this grilled Halibut simply made for a good meal. The asparagus was grilled also which looked to have been lightly crusted with a Parmesan top on it. My sister enjoyed her dish , so I am taking my sister's word on it. 

Dessert and espressos' were had by all 4 of us. My father decided to get a limocello also , just because he can. My mother and I both ordered a Tartufo. 

A Tartufo is ( for those who do not know)  an Italian Ice cream with a couple of flavors of ice cream. Now this little bad boy is all held in with a hard chocolate that is covered  all around. Also inside with the ice cream(s) there could be an assortment of fruits in  cherry, or strawberry . They also go one step and drizzle a raspberry sauce on the outside , making this a must order whenever this is seen on a menu.  

A great dinning experience, a staff always making sure you are pleased with your meal, if anything else is needed. Spasso also gives you the option if you would like to dine with the tables outside. 

Now go in and enjoy !
This restaurant left a lasting impression...except not for the right reasons. Spasso clearly did not live up to the spasso of its name.

The evening started off shaky - the hostess directed us to booth seating per our request. We asked if we could be moved to another booth that wasn't directly next to the door and suggested a booth to the right. She was reluctant to give us the booth because it was for a party of 5 and we had only 3. I could understand this rationale if they were having a busy dinner rush, but they weren't....and if you've been here before, you know that they're not lacking in space. Maybe lacking some good customer service, but not space.

So far our impression was not so good. But we proceeded to order 2 appetizers and 3 entrees, noting the especially fair pricing of the meals. There was a reason why the prices stood out and we were to find out why when our bill came. The food was in no way spectacular, mediocre at best, so I won't delay the highlight of our dinner: the showcase of poor management at Spasso.

I had ordered the Monday special so I paid particular attention to the price, which I thought was reasonable at $15. My friends also shared similar enthusiasm noticing that their entrees were in that same price range. When we received our bill, aside from the bottle of wine, we noticed that the pricing of the other 5 items seemed a little off...well actually a lot off. We called over our waiter to explain specifically where we noticed the difference in our bill. The waiter explained to us that it could not be possible and brought over menus to show us how we were wrong and how they only have one "dinner" menu. The hostess who gave us the menus also echoed the sentiment - only one "dinner" menu. He even pointed out that the difference in my particular dish was only $4...suggesting that even if there was a mistake, it was trivial. We asked to see the manager...apparently he was the manager.

Gosh.

Luckily, I often take photos of menus so as to remember my meal when I write a review. I showed him the photo of the menu that we saw...at which he explained (like someone who was caught cheating) that we were looking at the lunch menus and we can't expect to be charged lunch prices for dinner portions. After he said that, we knew exactly what we were probably set up for. To be a manager, and to have known very clearly that there were two menus, with two different price points...when a customer notes a difference in pricing - to have that knowledge and not think of the possibility that we were given the wrong menus makes us feel that the restaurant is very scheming. And to blame the error on short staffing and busy service is a cop-out, especially since more than 75% of the tables were empty. 

Only until the very end did the manager even acknowledge the mistake and apologize after we indicated how our interaction with him left a sour taste in our already disappointing dining experience. 

We had never wanted to leave an establishment as fast as we did last night. I hope that this was just a bad night and not a bad habit, but we do not recommend others to patronize this restaurant.
Better late than never!

Spasso is one of those places that I've been marveling over and meaning to give a proper try of ever since they impressed during the 2nd ever Yelp Elite Event! But with the face of Old City always going through a constant state of change, its been one of those places that I've never gotten around to coming back to. That changed when I was with a small but eclectic group of First Friday revelers who were looking for a spot with fantastic wine and inexpensive but plentiful comfort food. And with its fantastic homemade pasta, and impressive varieties of wine, Spasso proved to be just the place!

The restaurant quickly won me over with its exposed brick interior, accommodating and knowledgeable staff. with so many homemade to choose from pasta ended up being on the menu for all. And when two of us opted for the Penne Spassowith bacon, mushrooms, and peas in a pink cream sauce; our incredible waitress was quick in recommending that we switch out the non-homemade penne with an impressive fusilli at no additional cost. This added up to being one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had, and it was plentiful enough for 2 servings.

Add in plenty of varieties of wine, and solid Italian beers like Moretti and Peroni, and you have aa solid spot that delivers on comfort and good times.
I have this vision in my head of an Italian family having a meal at home.  I see lots of clinking glassware and utensils.  Pasta, pasta , pasta, everywhere you look.  Large plates of food passed in all directions.  Lively animated conversations.   That's exactly what I experienced last night at Spasso.

The lovely wife and daughter had spent a long day at the Flower Show.  I picked them up and off we went to Front Street.  It was our lucky day and we found street parking a block away.  We had 6:00 PM OpenTable reservations.  We showed up on time and the place was packed.  Happy diners chatting away everywhere we looked and the noise level was high.  That's the one negative point I'll make about last night's meal.  It was a challenge to have a conversation but it was possible.  Much of this may be due to Flower Show week which brings an amazing number of folks to Philly restaurants.

We were seated right away and bread and a delicious marinated vegetable topping quickly appeared and just as quickly were devoured.  Refills were not a problem.

Our waiter was a true delight.  He was Italian, humorous, animated, and most importantly efficient.  He was the perfect example of how a great wait staff can at that extra dimension to enhance a fine meal.

So what about the food?  Papardelle Porcini immediately caught my eye.  I love those wide wide noodles especially if they are homemade as they are here.  The icing on the cake was that this dish included chicken and was served in a cognac sauce.  It was OMG delicious and a large portion.  I was in heaven for $17.00.  By the way, mid to high teens is a typical price for and entrée here.

My dining companions both had different entrees and both pronounced them excellent.  Everyone says the deserts are excellent but we were too stuffed to give them a try.  As with most visitors we would go back here in a heartbeat and that is sure to happen with us!
Sometimes you're just in the mood for some pasta. Yes, you want your meal to taste delicious, your service to be stellar and your decor to be aesthetically pleasing. But just because you're going out to dinner doesn't mean you always want "The Ultimate Dining Experience" (overdecorated concept restaurants, I'm looking in your direction!).

Spasso is the perfect place to go when you're looking for a great night out. Thumbs up on the homemade gnocchi, escargot (aka snails!) and baked ziti. The chef will even take requests if what you want isn't on the menu. Now that's service! Lovely, spacious dining room and extensive wine list, too. A dinner to remember for sure - no gimmicks required.
Last night was my first time visiting Spasso and it was a very interesting dining experience, where do I begin? Well let's start with the stereotype that black women are only friends with other black women. Upon entering I was greeted by the hostess who asked if I was dining alone. I told her that I would be dining with my girlfriend but that I did not think that she had arrived yet. She then responded as she glanced around the resturant, "Yea, I don't think she is here either." It took everything in me to ask her "Why not, is it because there are no other black women here?" At that moment I wish that I was dining with one of my white friends so that I could have dispelled her theory that there is no way in the world that a black woman could have possibly be meeting one of the white women already at the restaurant. I pick and choose my battles, so I smiled and said nothing. Black folks in America tend to do that, but I digress.
Despite passing empty tables up front I was seated in the back of the restaurant, perhaps it was just a coincidence. *shrug* perhaps. Shortly thereafter my 'black' girlfriend arrived. She requested a booth and was told that none were available, moments later surprisingly one of the empty booths miraculously became available! Wow, must have been out lucky night! The hostess claimed that she gave us a booth to make my pregnant girlfriend comfortable. Yea, ok. 

Before I continue let me say that our waitress, not sure of her name, was awesome! She was attentive and pleasant! Now back to the hostess and I am only returning to her because she returned to us, this time to let me know how much she loved black women who wore their natural hair! No lie, I am not making this up. My friend and I just looked at each other and went along with the program. Black folks in America tend to do that, but I digress. Our hostess was a prime example of a white person being uncomfortable around black people and not knowing the proper things to say. She then went on to tell me about the pleasant black ladies who also wore natural hair that she worked with. Again, I am not making this up.   I am surprised that she did not ask me to shuck and jive while doing my best Tiffany Haddish impression, again, I digress. By the way, in case you are wondering how I wear my hair, close your eyes and envision a beautiful large afro puff shining in all it's glory like a regal crown secured at the top of my head and wrapped in an African print scarf. 

With all of that being said, I ordered the fettuccine shrimp and it was delicious! Spasso's is small and intimate! It is the perfect place for a date night; I do not suggest interracial couples, not sure if the hostess can handle that type of pressure! Metered parking was readily available on the street which is also a big plus! Would I go back? Sure, ONLY for the food because I love Italian food and I am not going to hold the establishment responsible for their hostess's insensitive behavior. Plus, I believe in second chances.
Spasso has seriously grown on me. I have visited for dinner a few times now and each time I'm there I love it more and more. The food is fresh and delicious. The portions are large and the drinks are yummy. The staff is friendly and attentive.  

As for specific dishes:
-polenta appetizer: my favorite! Polenta is crispy yet smooth and topped with delicious brown sauce and mushrooms. If you love polenta... try it! 
-antipasto: so large! The perfect mix of meat, olives, tomatoes and cheese!
-linguine Ponza: crab and shrimp... yes please! 
-paperdelle porcini: my new favorite dish! 

Cute little place... perfect for date night. Make a reservation as they get busy. Enjoy!
My first impression of this place was charming, yet cute little Italian restaurant. Boy was I wrong!! This place was quite spacious. The food was outstanding. We ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer. It was pretty much a standard, average dish. I ordered the Chicken Agrodolce. It was simply fantastic. The dish came with veggies and potatoes. Others at the table ordered a pasta dish with shrimp. The dish was supposed to come with a cognac cream sauce and the restaurant was able to accommodate the sauce change to a lighter choice. 

Although the food was good and we throughly enjoyed our meal, we felt like the wait staff was quite snobby. Our waitress barely gave us time to choose our meal before taking our order. At one point, someone in our party had to use the bathroom and the employee ( not sure if this person was a waitress/hostess/etc)  practically tried to guard the bathroom. The person in our party described this as a trying to score a goal in a soccer net and the goalie stops it.
I have been a loyal customer to Spassos's for the 5 years I have lived close by. When I order take out, their typical way of collecting payment is to not give you any change back if it's less than $1. For the past 5 years, I have went with flow, but Sunday, I decided to request the change back.  . I probably could have bought a meal with everything they did not return.
I was appalled at their response.  First the guy picked up a little money bag and rooted through it for the change, appearing very bothered at my request. They owed me 46 cents, but the money was not the point.  The guy gave me 2 quarters and then told me I owe him 4 cents.
I will never return to Spasso's.  Shame on that man.  I might add it was all with a poor attitude to a loyal customer.
My group of 9 dined at Spasso on the final Friday night of Philly Winter Restaurant Week 2020. We were drawn to Spasso based on the availability, vast menu for R-Week and the ability to take a group on a Friday night. 

That doesn't make a strong case, but once you see their dining room, you can understand that this type of dining is their bread and butter. I noticed on their website that they do private dining such as rehearsal dinners, and I totally could picture that utilization. 

The restaurant week menu allowed us to pick from any of the appetizers, an entrée and one of 5 desserts- in addition to a penne pomodoro. The bread and grated cheese were plentiful on the table. Specials was excluded, but that's no biggie since there were so many options. 

My husband and I split the appetizer course going with a classic caprese and the sausage polenta. The caprese wasn't anything fancy, but noticeably fresh and well executed. The sausage polenta was the best polenta I've ever had. There was an additional layer of savory to it that made the flavor and texture stand out from other polentas I've had in the past. 

For my entree, I went with the veal with crab meat. It was prepared in a lemon butter sauce and served with peppers, onions and potatoes. The veal was thin-cut and perfectly tender. The portion was average size but between the bread, appetizers and penne, I opted to take half home with me. 

My husband and I split the desserts- New York style cheesecake and tiramisu. I've had better tiramisu, but the cheesecake was one of the best I've had. The only problem was that it was slightly frozen. It was so delicious, that wasn't really a problem. 

We also got a few bottles of the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. At $36 a pop, I thought that was pretty reasonable for wine at a restaurant. 

The service was fine. For the most part attentive enough, except when it came to bringing us our bill. It was a Friday night during restaurant week, so I expectations needed to be curbed.  

There were elements of my meal that I loved (the polenta, my veal and the non-frozen aspect of my cheesecake) and there were elements that were okay (the frozen aspect of my cheesecake, the timing of the bill). Not a 5 star meal, but I think I can comfortably go with a 4.
This is part three of my four part restaurant week/birthday celebration. Delicious.

Italian food is not my jam. I'm almost never going to pick out an Italian spot. That's why it was great when Quinn and I went out last week, and she insisted upon this spot. I would have never picked it on my own.

I have to get the atmosphere out of the way. This place is big and open, with booths and tables. The layout is weird. It feels a bit corporate. There were large groups of Italian families inside. Loud children were right next to us, too. It definitely doesn't feel like a nicer restaurant. This distracted from the meal a bit. Our server was clearly Italian. I like it when my server is an expert in the food being served. We had good service throughout the meal.

Spasso had an awesome special going for restaurant week. $35 brought four courses to the table. Quinn and I ate so much food, I honestly don't think my appetite came back for 24 hours. To start off, I went with the fried calamari. I love this dish, and this was an average rendition. I wasn't impressed, but it wasn't bad either. Quinn went with a fried crab cake. It was a large crab cake that was seasoned interestingly. I can't put my finger on what it was, but it was a nice experiment with a dish that can easily be bland.

Our next course was the house pasta dish. It was offered as part of the special, and they picked the pasta and sauce. We were served penne with a simple red sauce. It was nice, but in reality, I probably didn't need it before the main course.

For my main, I ordered gnocchi with asiago and asparagus. Quinn went with spinach ravioli stuff with four different cheeses. The presentation on both of our dishes was good, and my portions were great too. I though that Quinn's was a bit small, with five large ravioli's making up the whole dish. The gnocchi was great; perfectly cooked. The white wine sauce was well balanced. The asiago and asparagus additions completed the dish well.

For dessert, Quinn took the chocolate mousse cake. It was awesome. It was so rich, that we didn't finish it between the two of us. It was a great piece of cake. When our server told us that profiterole was available, I had to jump at the chance (because of "Look Around You." If you haven't seen the video, you really need to take 2 minutes and check it out Search youtube for "The First Rap Song To Be Performed In The UK"). Unfortunately, my dessert was simply a dollop of ice cream between two hard, bland biscuits.

Bottom Line: Spasso's tag line is "comfort food from Italy," and I think they success in this department. I may not ht up this spot again, but especially considering their restaurant week offering, I think this is a nice spot. If you want simple, good Italian food, this is a viable option.
I came to Spasso for the first time last weekend on a Friday night around 7:30 pm - reserved in advance. We didn't order any specialty drinks, but we ordered a bottle of Malbec which was a bit pricey but all in all tasty. I wish we had gotten a booth, but a table sufficed. It was so tiny for all the things that were placed on our table though.

I ordered gnocchi and shared a plate with my BF which turned out to be extremely filling. The unlimited bread they give is delicious. I love that all of the pastas are handmade and the sauces are freshly made as well, so we were able to switch out the sauces and replace it with something else. At the end, we ordered Tiramisu which was mouthwatering delicious. Still thinking about it now!

There's metered parking spots right in front of the restaurant which is SO convenient if you're like me and don't like to park in Philly with the constant fear of getting a parking ticket. I would definitely recommend!
Food is authentic italian and it comes in large portions. Wine selection is decent and not too expensive (a bottle of Prosecco for $38). Service is great and the atmosphere is cozy and relaxed, but a little bit noisy. The appetizer 'carpaccio di calamari' was good: good almost to perfection and tasty.
I wasn't blown away by the food at Spasso Italian Grille, but it was good. I bumped up my star rating from 3 to 4 because of the nice ambiance and service. The atmosphere at SIG is relaxed and unpretentious.

We had the caesar salad and calamari to start (just average tasting, but nice portion size). I had the puttanesca which was very tasty but a little too oily. The linguine was cooked perfectly though.

My husband had the gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce, definitely worth going back for. Although the sauce was quite rich (in a good way), the gnocchi melted in your mouth! I've never had gnocchi quite so delicate before. The portion was huge too, enough for two since it was so rich.

Next time I'll try the escargot, since that seems to be a fave.
Spasso is kind of a hidden treasure.  It's not fancy, it's good though.  This is a place for consistent good food, very good service and pretty much a guaranteed table without a reservation - the place is bigger than you'd guess - and it's in OLD CITY FOR GOD's SAKE! 

Recently I discovered the bar/lounge area has an INCREDIBLE deal for Happy Hour!  Yeah, weeknights 5-7:30 (I think) they have cheap drink prices and really good food for $3 a dish!  Since I was there with 3 friends, we ordered one of each of the hot apps.  The fried calamari was perfect.  It was light and tender and tasty.  The fried ravioli with marinara was very good (we got 4).  The cheese/olive plate was good.  It wasn't DiBruno Bros. good but hey, it was $3! and it included 4 cheeses and a few olives in the center.    The biggest impression was the mussels! This bowl of mussels was HUGE and it came with a basket of bread.  Easily a portion of an entree we were blown away with how good they were and that they too were indeed only $3!

So we had 6 drinks and 5 apps before we left, full, and only paid like $10 a piece with tip included! 
I'm so going here for my pre-ritz movie drink fest!  I suspect I'll start liking movies more as a result.
I stopped in Spasso for dinner.  I ordered the gnocchi with Gorgonzola sauce.  It was good, but I thought the gnocchi was a little over cooked.  I ordered a zin that was SO bad, that I asked to switch to a cabernet.  The waiter was gracious enough to switch without charging me for the zin.

I will go back to try another dish.  It's a good place to pop in for a relatively inexpensive meal.
I've been to Spasso on several occasions and have never had a bad experience. The Bronzino which is a white fish that is served and filleted tableside is excellent as well as many of their other dishes. The staff is extremely friendly and will make you any custom dish you wish to eat as well. The desserts and traditional italian dishes are excellent as well. I especially like to get the Gnocchi Gorgonzola as an appetizer for the table as well. The prices are very fair and they have a very good wine list too.

*The menu at Spasso is almost exactly the same as Bellini which is a BYOB in the center of town. If you want to drink your own wine check out Bellini*
I have a to be here twice and  this restaurant serves some of the best comfort food  in philly. The first time I ate there I had the Chuleta en salsa
( Porkchops in creole sauce) a spanish diseh but prepared italian style. It was so delicious and filling And it reminded me of my mother's cookies. I had a bottle of Mineral water and a glass of their house Chianti As some  crusty italian bread, with some sweet peppers. Here's a tip from Konaboy's, Take some bread and beer butter On it And add those sweet peppers And then splash some wine on top of it all! Simply delicious.
Spasso Is a nicely decorated Spot with a beautiful open kitchen And a beautiful maze of rooms including a nice bar.
 The service is very friendly, and both times I dined there the food came out in a timely fashion. Sometimes on weekends, it can get a little touristy, but Spasso is still one .!of my favorite spots
I won't lie--Spasso has a special place in my heart since my girlfriend and I went here on our first date last summer. That said, I'd love this restaurant anyway, just because of the excellent food and warm yet relaxing atmosphere. I ended up here again last night for the first time in a few months and realized I hadn't yelped it yet. Shame on me.

Every time we go to Spasso, we have to start with the mussels in red sauce. I think they're the best in the city, and the dish last night was ridiculous--a larger portion that usual (maybe because they know us?) full of the biggest mussels I've ever seen.

After that, I usually go for the rock shrimp with fettucini in a pesto cream sauce, which is to die for. My girlfriend usually gets some sort of pasta and clam dish--not my favorite but still tasty. Our dinner companions last night got a chicken rolletini dish and the stuffed snapper in parchment paper. I didn't try either but they both looked great and got rave reviews.

The portions are hearty so it's hard to save room for dessert, but it's worth trying because the creme brulee is excellent. Also, I realized that when I don't drink three glasses of wine, the tab is pretty reasonable.
I went with a party of 6 for my birthday- I had forgotten to make reservations until the last minute, but on Thursday they were able to seat a table for 6 for a Saturday night. Which was great!

Their wine list is unimpressive, but the Malbec was $35 and pretty good (although a screw-top- if you're out to impress, watch out!). The food was wonderful, from lovely fresh mussels in spicy white wine sauce to gnocchi in cream sauce, with fantastic shrimp. They ran out of the special between us ordering and our food coming though, which was a bummer.

The service was good- our waiter sang me happy birthday! And brought me tiramisu! The wait was pretty long, because the restaurant was packed, but we had a great time. I would definitely recommend it!
Really good authentic Italian good. We went for my husbands birthday. It was also restaurant week. Really large portions so go hungry. Calamari great! Pasta great all in house made (except penne). I had the salmon with grilled veg and was happy seasoned nicely. Creme brûlée and cheesecake were yum. Service was on point. Only downside is nothing special done for birthdays so don't expect it.
Looking for a meal while enjoying a beautiful Sunday out in the city. This was arguably one of the worst meals I've eaten in a long time. The food was generic at best. Olive garden had better Italian. The service was almost non existent. We were only able to get one glass of wine through dinner because the waiter never came to order another. The only redeeming part was that the wine was terrible and tasted like it was opened for days. Perhaps we didn't need a second glass.

I am clueless how this had for stars with almost 200 reviews. Everything was heavy, one note, and not enjoyable. I would honestly rather go to Olive garden any day over this restaurant.
Came back to Spasso this past weekend for a special dinner with my boyfriend, his parents, and my parents. I called ahead to see if they could seat the 6 of us in the back room where the white table cloth round tables were, the man on the phone was very accommodating and assured me that it could be done.

We arrived and were seated right away in the back room as I requested which was very nice. Our server (I think his name was Sam?) was awesome. He was very helpful in providing suggestions for our entree sauces and sides etc. The wine we had was great.. the food was amazing. To be honest, the food was even better than I remembered from my last visit awhile back. I had the crab-meat stuffed ravioli in the pesto sauce.. never had something like that before and it was definitely a hit! All 6 of us ate our entire meals! The dessert menu was also very good, my favorite was the tiramisu.

My parents hate coming into the city because of parking, prices, etc. But they both agreed they would definitely come back to Spasso for a fun city dinner because the prices were great and the food was even better!
We went in there today for my friend's birthday celebrations and had amazing food. I had a reservation through Open Table and had left instructions to bring out a dessert - with a candle - at the end of the meal, which never happened. The waiter kept being MIA half the night. Therefore, I took away 1 star. 

ALWAYS get the crab ravioli...
I came to Spasso about a couple of weeks ago literally 10 minutes before closing time for one thing and one thing only. As soon as we entered the restaurant, we told the hostess that we were here only for dessert and we already knew what we wanted, so she sat us down, took our order, and came back with 2 waters within minutes.

We only waited about 5-7 minutes for the best freaking Tiramisu on the planet to come out. Well worth every penny. Love this place!
The people here are so nice! And the mussels are so good! And they gave water to my dog!

I didn't really enjoy the pasta. I had the rock shrimp with creamy pesto. There was too much cream and too little pesto. The pasta ate me (instead of the other way around). 

I will be back soon with my mussels loving boyfriend and my dog. But this time around I will order fish as a main course.
My boyfriend and I had a truly disappointing experience at Spasso last week.

First of all, the service was just really weird. Our waitress only addressed my boyfriend, never once acknowledging me unless I spoke. She asked him for his order, how his food was, if he needed refills, etc. I had to interject every time! So strange.

The food was lackluster to say the least. Cold bread with an overly vinegar-y tapenade to start. We shared the bruschetta which was far too light on the tomatoes and so heavy on the oil that it was literally dripping down our chins are we bit into the crunchy bread. Ick.

My gnocchi was mushy and the gorgonzola sauce required quite a bit of pepper and salt. Boyfriend's steak was cooked fine but the mushroom demi glace tasted like brown gravy and his side of potatoes were actually chewy.

My boyfriend liked the décor but personally I felt it was a bit dingy.

There are far better options for Italian in this city. I wouldn't waste my time here again.
We had a small party here for 30 people.  We were placed in a small room off the bar that was set up with a hors de'ouvres table.  We had an open bar and wine on the table.  We had three entrée choices, salad, pasta course and an array of desserts.  The food, service, and ambience were outstanding.   They handled the affair beautifully. All our guests comments how nice the dinner was.  Spasso's is a real winner.  The restaurant is great and their catering superb.
How this place has an overall rating of 4-stars amazes me.  

So, here's my theory...  Because the food is so good, that aggravates most people... I mean, who wants a perfect Italian meal? I know it sure as hell bothers me when everything comes out perfect and tastes even better... makes my blood boil.  And so, these happy customers take it out on Spasso's by giving them one-less star.  That's my story and I'm sticking to it.

Lobster ravioli, grilled calamari and chicken parmesan were as deep as my wife and I had ventured, but we're definitely going back for more.
Its like a non-chain Pietro's.

If you have family in town and need an inexpensive but impressive place to have a casual meal after a day of touristing, this is a place I'd recommend.

Someone else said 'reliable'. To me, reliable means am likely to enjoy my entire meal with no great effort on my part. Spasso fits that bill and I think that about sums it up.

And Bridgett at the bar is wonderful!
These amazing Italian devours come from @spassophilly in olde city Philadelphia. This Italian restaurant has been around for a very long time. It's authentic Italian cuisine is well-known throughout the city. This place has a set vibe of elegance. Their wine menu is very critique especial as well as their specialty cocktails. The service was really nice and very informative and very patient when reading the menu. They also offer a happy hour and they have their own bar. The aesthetics of this place is simply Italian . As you can see here I ordered the mussels and white wine sauce. The muscles were very fresh and the sauce was very Flavorful. As you can see here, I ordered the linguine clams and red sauce topped with cheese. The linguine was made fresh ready to order and the sauce was amazing. The clams were a little neck clams and they were still fresh I wish I was very delighted. We also ordered the fettuccine shrimp. By which was, rock shrimp sautéed and a creamy pesto sauce with a side of roasted potatoes. The fettuccine shrimp was absolutely amazing. If you ever find your self wanting some Metallica Italian or a really calm subtle place to take a loved one or a date please check out @spassophilly and tell them "Mr. Juliano" sent you . #dinner #lunch #happyhour #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #foodblogger #foodpics #philadelphia #philly #mussels #pasta #wine #brother #bar #water #datenight #date #dateideas #shimmyeats #shimmy #shrimp #potatoes #bread #onion #peppers
ive eaten here twice and both times were great. the first time was during Restaurant Week several years ago. i was with a big group for loud girls and it was late. but the service was happy and fun and flirty. of course with a large group of young girls there is confusion, but it was all handled very well and with a "no big deal!" attitude, which i was thankful for. i'm veg so the waiter told me i could get anything i wanted made special for me. of course i just got some pasta and veggies, but it was really really good. cooked just right and very fresh. def an awesome evening. 
second time i went with 3 friends two summers ago. we all played dress-up and went for an early evening dinner. it wasnt crowded so they basically pampered us and entertained us. the food was great, nothing out of the ordinary, just good comfort food. the guys i went with loved it bc they were treated like kings, i think they even left like a 50% tip or something insane. 
if im in the mood for italian food (which im usually not haha) i would def go here for a  nice dinner.
Italian food has a mandate. 

It must be more than merely present. It must be transformative. It must do more than fill the space between the hours. It must define them. 

I did not invent these rule. They are held inviolate by lowly Spaghettio slingers and homemade pasta people alike. They're understood by your favorite South Philly fatso with the marinara moustache. Even extras in advertisements for Olive Garden get it. No doubt you have your own examples.

For all those who follow the rules, there will be others who break them. Enter Spasso.

There was nothing terribly wrong with our meal tonight at Spasso. There just wasn't anything especially right.

The Caesar salad was forgotten as it was being eaten. The dressing lacked complexity or brightness. It ached for anchovy and lemon. The added grape tomatoes had the flavor of dishwater.

Involtone Di Manzo (beef tenderloin rolled with prosciutto, mozzarella & spinach in a mushroom sauce) seemed perfectly executed (textures and temperature were excellent; the sauce was nice...) and yet? The first bite did not beg the second. One would have been enough. 

My dining companion reported similar findings with his entree, the Shrimp Fradiavolo. The shrimp did not seem to have been cooked in the sauce (perhaps boiled separately, then plated with the sauce), so they lacked flavor. And the tomatoes tasted fresh. As in Superfresh.

My Prosecco tasted almost medicinal. Now, I'll put almost anything in my mouth -- but with this, I took a pass. So it went unimbibed.

Very pleased with the service. It made up for the snoozy food and was good enough to merit return visits.

A final thought. Dinner was served with forgettable bread and a ratatouille-type chunky relish spread. I happen to loathe ratatouille with a white hot passion; however I did go ahead and taste it, because you never know. Like everything else, it was perfectly fine. Just something to pass the time.
Consistently reliable. Engaged and informed service team. Each dish is as yummy or yummier than the last. If you're visiting Philly, the Front Street location is an easy walk from SEPTA and there is ample parking. The menu is moderately priced and the portions are fresh, well-prepared, well-presented and generous! Hands down - among Philly's top Italian Restaurants! #Philly #Spasso #SpassoItalianGrill
I was here recently for my sister's wedding rehearsal dinner, so this review will be more about an event visit rather than a normal dining experience.  

We had a party of about 50-60 people and were seated in the big room to the right of the restaurant.  We had round tables setup with a buffet of good eats.  Servers were in and out taking drink orders all evening and they were very quick/efficient.  

Our food selection was roasted vegetables, potatoes, ziti in red sauce, chicken parm, veal with prosciutto, spinach and mozzarella.  Everything was fantastic!  Great flavors, cooked perfect and served hot.  Dessert was a delight too which included cannoli and tiramisu.  

They did a great job of keeping our event flowing smooth and everyone had a fantastic time.  I would like to come back sometime to sample the regular menu.
I took my husband here hoping to impress him with the great food and service. The food used to be much better than what's being served here now. As for the service, we came 2 hours before closing. We are thee fastest eaters you will ever meet, they still rushed us out the door. My husband caught another waiter gesturing to our waiter to hurry up with us. Never again for mediocre food and bad service.
One of my two favorite Italian restaurants.  

Very good food. Good portions. Nice location. Staff has been great. 

Love the mozzarella log!  

Oksana is the best waitress!
I know for a fact that I have had better food at chain Italian restaurants like Maggiano's and God forbid Olive Garden. They brought the pasta out and it was stone cold. I ordered the veal and crab as my entree and I could taste that the crab was not fresh. I was afraid to eat it. I was actually afraid to eat most of the meal, because the entire staff was standing and gawking at me like they had never seen a person of color before. Mind you there were were some black folks eating in the restaurant. It was a lesson learned and another reason to hate the shit out of Philly. I will never eat at this place again.
Came here for a date night and we loved it. Tables are very spread out for COVID friendly indoor dining. The muscles in red sauce were an amazing appetizer and we both loved our entrees (chicken parm and gnocchi with asparagus). Service was wonderful. Will definitely be back soon!
Good price, great food and can't beat the location. Service is okay and good size dishes.
We had different pasta dishes and all of them were delicious. 
Probably one of the best Italian restaurants in old city.
I took  my mom here this past Saturday night, and we LOVED it! We shared a caesar salad and bruschetta for an appetizer. The caesar salad was the way I wish every caesar salad was. Delicious dressing, crisp romaine, shaved cheese. YUM. The bruschetta was delicious as well. For entrees, I had shrimp & linguine in spicy tomato sauce, which was delicious - including the shrimp, which I'm very picky about. My mom had the spinach/four cheese ravioli, and oh my god, it was so good. We used the last of the bread to scoop up her leftover sauce.  My mom even gave a "compliments to the chef" which she reserves for only the best meals. The wine - chianti - was good as well, and they put 3 coffee beans in our sambuca, just like they're supposed to. The service was also excellent.

I don't know how you could not like this place. I've been to many, many amazing Italian restaurants, and Spasso satisfied, and for a reasonable price. We'll definitely be back.
We were looking for a BYOB for dinner, this place came up on Yelp. It is NOT a BYO. Our waitress told us that she could not open our bottle for us or give us wine glasses because they have a full bar. However, the food was very good.

We started with complementary vegetable dip and bread. The dip was zucchini, onions, and other vegetables covered in olive oil. It was light and delicious. We ordered the mussels with red sauce as an appetizer, and out came a HUGE bowl. I've never seen such a big portion served at a restaurant. For the entree, I had the papardelle porcini. I never had that kind of flat, thick pasta before, but it was divine. The sauce was savory and really complemented the mushrooms. I would have licked my plate clean if I thought no one would see. They have outdoor seating and our servers were attentive and friendly. After living in Rome for a semester, I'm pretty picky about Italian food. Spasso definitely passed the test.
Visiting family in PA and my Yelp Elite father was on a quest to impress his daughter with fabulous meals.  He succeeded!

Enter Spasso.  We were picked up from the Philadelphia Flower Show and a short drive later we came upon Spasso.  Also, nice to note that only one or so blocks away we found street parking for only $4, that's pretty great for Philly if you know what I mean.

This is a larger restaurant than you first expect when first entering.  Lots of rooms and separate areas for larger parties.  We were seated in the back rooms next to some very large parties.  With that said this may not be the perfect place for romantic outings since it can be very noisy with close quarters to your neighboring tables.  Not a very intimate setting for those "I love you moments".  

It must be said that our waiter was out of this world.  Super heavy Italian accent, sweet smile and an excellent sense of humor.  A little flirty as well, always a plus with an accent like that.

The bread and chunky vegetable spread was a great start to the meal, and I will admit we went through two bowls of the spread as well as two bread baskets.  The menu offers a little bit for everyone, some seafood, veal, beef, chicken, and straight pasta if you like.  I love places that take the time to make their own pasta in house.  It really shows their commitment to greatness.  Our entrees were boasting great flavor and I was delighted to see the generous portions.  I decided on the Chicken Fontinella that came with asparagus, a side of perfectly grilled vegetables and I asked for a special side of homemade pasta (I couldn't resist).  Everything was delicious and I cleaned my entire plate.  The pasta was a home run, I definitely recommend any dish with their pasta.  Mom and Dad enjoyed their entrees just as much.  It was a truly splendid experience with top notch Italian food.
I picked this spot for our first meal in Philadelphia after my first choice was fully reserved for the night.  We were quite impressed with this restaurant!  My boyfriend raved about his ravioli with crabmeat and I liked the veal saltimbocca.  The waiter gave us the typical Italian fare to start out with:  bread, highly quality olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Also we ordered the appetizer, mussels in white wine sauce but our waiter forgot about it.  Yet we were full so we did not mind after all .  This restaurant is cozy and highly recommended if you are in Old City Philadelphia.  We felt like we were back in Italy.  This restaurant is ideal for date night or even a family get together.
My husband took me to Spasso's for Mother's Day this year. While this review is mostly positive, I was disappointed with a few things. First, after reading all the positive reviews about the veggie spread that comes with the bread, I was extremely disappointed to learn they had run out. How does a restaurant do that? They know how many people are booked for the night so they should have planned accordingly. Second, to substitute for the spread, we were given little tubs of a butter spread. Not even real butter, plus it had a very oily taste to it. Not what I would expect from an authentic Italian restaurant. Third, the acoustics are horrible. I could hardly even hear my husband.

Now the highlights. Service was good and the food was incredibly delicious.  We shared the mussels in red sauce as an appetizer and there had to be at least two dozen of them, if not more. The red sauce was very light and very good. I got the grilled Bronzino over angel hair with roasted cherry tomatoes in a light butter and white wine sauce. So so good. My husband got the grilled jumbo shrimp with roasted potatoes and veggies. Awesome! We were both stuffed and very happy with the total experience. We will definitely go back. 

FYI, the restaurant has a $35 per person meal on Tuesdays throughout the rest of the year. Just like Restaurant Week, it includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert, but you have your pick of the entire menu.
Our server was charismatic and attentive. They refilled our waters multiple times and checked to be sure we were enjoying the meal. We had the calamari and the bruschetta to start, which were delicious. My gnocchi with marinara was also very very good. They have great offerings on the menu and at the bottom it even states their chef will attempt to make what you like if you don't see it on the menu. I thought that to be a nice thing to include on the menu since many chefs and other restaurants are not willing to do that.

Our table split the creme brulee and the cheesecake for dessert, and they were a tasty end to the evening.
My take on Italian is that most of the  time its-too heavy, thick..but I was surely impressed by this place, as it came highly recommended by good friend who is Italian. We went here Friday night, in wintry mix.. My friend knows the owner & his fiance very well..He said that the veal, also this bean & arugula dish was great, so he got side dish of it. Their homemade pasta was De-vine. I ended up with Veal , asparagus, & artichokes, roasted veggies & potatoes. The veal was auctious, light & moist!! It didn't sit heavy at all.The interior was rustic, brick walls, had that Tuscany feel.The restaurant was huge, he was able to add on: extra room seating, bar, now an area they can catering (banquets)that was closed off..
Would I go back, I think so..found myself  Completely in shock how impressed I was with the food & quality here .The service was very good as well.


Return Factor: A Definite!!

See if the are consistent.
I don't know how this happened, but I just realized I've never reviewed Spasso.

Yelp introduced me to Spasso at an Elite event in... '08 maybe? Let's just say I've been back many  times since then. 6 times in the past 6 months to be exact. Everything from lunch with co-workers, to a first date, to birthday celebrations, to a large (80+ ppl) party.

There has never been one single thing that I can complain about at Spasso. The food is PHENOMENAL - Everyone I've EVER taken here says "wow, that was REALLY good" - and the service is IMPECCABLE. Whether you're dressed in black tie, or in jeans and flip flops (my uniform of choice), you'll never feel out of place.

I try a different dish every time I go, and halfway through the menu, I have never been disappointed.

The fact that all of this excellence comes so inexpensive is like mind-blowing.
Arrived early for our 7pm reservation and was greeted warmly and seated swiftly. That combines with the two great drinks we had is the only reason this is getting two stars and not one. 

We took advantage of the restaurant week menu. $35pp and you pick 1 app, entree, and dessert (anything) and get and pasta! Sounds pretty good, well it is if the food is good!

We choose the grilled calamari and crab cake. The calamari had absolutely way too much "char"
taste to it. It absolutely overpowered any flavor the calamari could have had. It was like someone who learned to BBQ for the first time and went crazy with the fire! When the crab cake came it was next to a salad that was brown. TBH, it looked like the bag salad when it starts going bad and you throw it away. The crab cake itself was ok. Nice size and not too much filler. I think we enjoyed that see much because that ended up being the only dish we liked. So that's not saying much. 

The penne pasta that came next was ok. Pasta of course was cooked al dente. I mean, if they couldn't at least cook the pasta right we would have probably left right there. 

Entree time. The bass filet topped with crab. There is no way you can tell me that fish was fresh. I tasted frozen for days! Straight out of the freezer and not even the individually wrapped fish. The fish that's frozen and lumped together with freezer burn. Totally tasteless! All the veggies again....somebody was happy on that grill. The potatoes were the only thing ok to eat. 

The ravioli with 4 cheeses, mushrooms and spinach. This dish was not was rich and flavorful as you would imagine a 4 cheese dish and a sauce obviously made with cream should be. 6 raviolis, I ate 1 to taste....2 to be sure I wasn't crazy. Left the rest. 

Dessert~ I took the cheesecake. Sure you can't mess up a cheesecake too bad. The jello no bake cheesecakes are even edible.  BF took the mousse. There are levels to cheesecake delicious-ness. This cheesecake was edible. He did not eat his mousse. You ever had tho use Hersey pies. Well, nothing wrong with those pies, but he doesn't like them and if he knew that's exactly what it tastes like he would have chosen different.
Went again, this time with two other friends.  This place definitely falls into the 3.5-4 star range every time.  You'll likely never get a 4.5-5 star meal but you're just as likely to never get under a 3.5 star meal.  Very consistent, very solid Italian at "just-higher-than-Olive Garden" prices.  

The waiter this time wasn't quite as affable but he was consistent.  The bus staff refills water at a torrid pace and bread refills come, sometimes even without asking.  

The pomodoro sauce is wonderfully garlicky and full of fresh basil.  The vodka sauce was also good.

Recommended for groups!
My friend in Philadelphia constantly told me about this place (I live in CA), so when I went out to the East for a visit we went here for dinner.  Oh my goodness, the seafood pasta I had was absolutely delicious, and the portion was huge!  I think they have generous portions for everything on the menu.

The staff was attentive and friendly, and they didn't mind us staying late past closing.  I'll definitely come back here again the next time I'm in town.
What an unfortunate birthday dinner/Restaurant Week Experience.

First of all, this restaurant was so unmemorable.. that it took my second visit to realize " oh sh*t, I've been here before". I wasted 2 RW reservations and money on this place. I won't let it happen again.

Restaurant Week for most places is very hit or miss, because the chefs are extremely overworked, tired etc. But I've been blessed with 1 & 1/2 years of very good experiences at restaurants which is why I've raised the bar for other restaurants. because I know that a GOOD restaurant week can be done. So no excuses. 

And if I rated this on a normal night, they would have gotten the same star rating. It's so unfortunate after seeing all the great reviews.

SERVICE: very attentive at first, for our drinks, appetizers.. but then what the hell happened?! Took forever to get our entree, and dessert, and maybe 10 minutes for our final bill. My birthday dinner took 3 full hours -_- A bit longer than I anticipated ...

FOOD: mediocre... so mediocre
-clams in white sauce : good. this was the one course that was quite good. Standard though, clams + garlic + white wine, salt pepper to taste, yumm
- penne in pomodoro sauce: they should just skip this course. The penne boxed pasta was 1 minute undercooked, in a sauce that did not taste homemade, seemed like canned.. It just made them look low quality
- veal saltimbocca: was OK, a solid 3 stars. The veal was tender, seasoned right and vegetables were grilled, but nothing special.
- friend ordered hanger steak medium -- came out WELL DONE it wasn't even pink in the middle. that's a shame..

Overall everything was just OK or bad or just overall I've experienced better. I left thinking, I will never return. But then I return to these yelp reviews, or even my server at Rex yesterday said she had a friend whom works there and raves about the food.. so was I there on an off night? I don't know.. but it begs the question of... would I be willing to risk about $50 a person to give them another shot..
Yup this is the best Italian restaurant I have been to this far!!! Love the option of grilled or fried calamari love the decor love love love everything nothing bad to say!!! A must five star all the way around he board from service food drinks and ambiance
I loved, loved, loved this place. It made me actually crave snails. I think that's pretty impressive.
Everything was delicious! I highly recommend everything we got:

grilled calamari - grilled to perfection! 
crab ravioli
zuppa di pesce - lots of seafood. Our favorite of the night.  
paparadelle procini - the pasta was a bit too hard for my taste, but the flavor was great.
Nice restaurant, with a decent view of the Benjamin Franklin bridge. Perfect outside seating for a warm summer night with love ones. I had came here once before food was great. Calamari is pretty good, a great place to gather with family or friends. Its a low-key location and can easily be missed but worth checking for!
One of the best authentic Italian food places I've ever tried. Seriously amazing. The interior could be better but what matters most is the food right? We got sat in the dining area but when we left we realized there was a bar on the other side. Probably will sit there next time so we can watch the game. Anyway, I got the crabmeat ravioli and my boyfriend got the linguine ponza. The plates are huge af! We even had some leftovers to take home to eat again later that night. For dessert we got tiramisu and omggggggg it legit melts in your mouth. I can't wait to visit here again and try out a new dish. Btw, for the whole year they're doing a special on Tuesday's. A three course meal for $35 a person! Must visit! 

Follow our IG @ntfoodies for more places to check out!
YUM! This place was amazing. I will say that I found this place when looking up BYOBs. But I am disappointed in my Yelp fam for leading me astray... this place is NOT a BYOB. Oh well, the food was delicious anyways! 

I decided to get the pasta special that night, which was a seafood parpadelle. Oh MY was the pasta so fresh and delicious and the jumbo lump crab meat and jumbo shrimp that were mixed in were amazing. It was tied together with this amazing cream sauce and asparagus that I just couldn't get enough of. My friends and I decided to split a bottle of wine since I couldn't enjoy my options that I had brought with me that night and we were pleased with the options that they had! A little on the pricey side, but we really didn't have an alternate option to go with. 

I would definitely recommend this spot for dinner! It's quaint, really close to the Delaware river but also really close to a lot of great bars/lounges in the old city (we walked to Plough and the Stars afterward)!
We went last night and availed ourselves to their amazing special- $35 for 3 courses, plus a bottle of wine. They offer it on Monday and Tuesday and the entire menu is available. Everything we had was delicious and the portions were generous. Such a great deal. Totally going back!
I came here for a work luncheon, so we had a limited menu.  However, I tried the penne spasso and I have no complaints.  The only thing is that we must of caught the waiter on a bad day...he was a bit rude.
Oh my how I love Italian, and this was a standard northeast corridor Italian joint with good food and real pasta... in other words, greatness! I came here for a rehearsal dinner, and was pretty impressed with the service and the food.

It's always tough to wait on people when a 50 top sits down (even when you know they're coming), but all of us had everything we needed and in good time. There was plenty of vino on the table when we sat down, and I loved the homey atmosphere of the place. 

Our prix fixe meal was a decent salad, a good pasta course with legit sauce, a choice of entree which begat me a pretty good chicken parmigana... and some UNREAL desserts. They brought us a tray of several of their offerings, and T=the tiramisu was absolutely delicious. Believe me, I shoved quite a few options down my already overfull gullet. I don't know if it's the water, or just the access to much better bakeries in this area... but the Italian desserts when I come back to Philly are always better than home. 

There's nothing about this place that'll jump out at you, but that doesn't mean it isn't delicious anyway. I'm a big fan, and am glad to have found a place down by the water as a great jumpoff point for a night out either on South Street or in Penns Landing.
3.5 for food. 4.5 for service. 4.0 for ambience. This place is a spacious rustic Italian restaurant with a casual but nice dining area and a separate adjacent bar area. The kitchen is partially exposed, which adds character. I came here with three other people on a Friday. We made reservations for 7:30 pm. It was not that packed so we really didn't need the reservations. The hostess greeted us immediately and sat us at a booth. Our server brought water and introduced himself as soon as we were seated. He recited the specials from memory and was also very personable.  He brought a basket of bread to the table. The bread wasn't warm, but tasted fresh and delicious. It came with a delicious sautéed vegetable medley with eggplant and peppers.  It was almost like a chunky tapenade. It went well with the bread.  The basket did not come with butter, but we asked for some and the server brought a few packets right away. 

The menu had a lot of classic dishes, like linguini with clam sauce and penne vodka, but also included some unique options like crab ravioli.  We ordered the fried calamari. It was crispy, battered well, and fresh. The marina sauce was OK, but was a bit too tangy, and overall left more to be desired. I was craving chicken parmesan, so I ordered it despite by concern for the sauce.  It came with homemade linguini. My fiancé ordered the gnocchi bolognese. Our friends got the linguini with white clam sauce and veal ravioli in a cream sauce.  The food came out quickly, which was good because we were starving. 

The chicken cutlet on my dish was delicious. It was a pretty thick cutlet, and tender in the center.  It was breaded perfectly and fried to a golden crisp. The sauce was OK, but actually worked well with the chicken. The linguini was not my favorite. It wasn't thin enough. It needed to be pressed through the roller a few more times. It was a bit doughy. It was cooked aldente, which I prefer, but it still wasn't an ideal linguini. My fiancé's gnocchi was delicious, although she didn't love the flavor of the bolognese.  We agreed that the gnocchi had great texture. It was super soft and fresh.  Our friends enjoyed their meals. 

The restaurant has a full bar, but the beer list could be better. I ordered a vodka martini, but it was just OK.  The prices were decent, and they take credit cards. Overall, I'd go back if I was in the area and craved Italian.
At the hotel concierge and Yelp's recommendation, swung by Spasso on a drizzly Tuesday night to fill our empty bellies with some tasty Italian eats that was within walking distance to hotel.

The restaurant boasts homemade pasta and homestyle Italian comfort food.

So, what's for dinner?

Piatti Del Giorno for Tuesday - Eggplant Parmigiana (comes with linguine in pomodoro sauce) but I "upgraded to Gnocchi Con Asparagi (ghocchi in an asiago cheese, truffle oil and asparagus, lemon, white wine broth) for $2 more.

The eggplant was perfectly cooked and crisp (the edges not covered by sauce) but for some unknown reason covered with cold tomato sauce.

The side of pasta, really is a full serving.  The gnocchi texture was not gummy, but the sauce was totally not yummy and the asparagus was sparse and overcooked.

Fettuccine Shrimp (fettuccine with rock shrimp sauteed in a pesto cream sauce).

Fettuccine was too al dente.  The shrimp tasted and looked like frozen scampi shrimp you would get from the freezer box.

Service was okay, but the food was barely passible.  The serving size is generous, but who needs a lot (or even a little for that matter) of bad food?
The first time i went we had the best fish I've ever had- grouper stuffed with lobster and cream- all the specials were amazing! The second time the dishes were clearly trying to be good, but didn't quite make it. I will definitely be back for a 3rd time to see if they can do it again.
My parents took me here for my birthday dinner and I really enjoyed it! I was really surprised with how big it was! Multiple dining rooms and a bar area. Great view of the river and bridge from outside the restaurant. Not sure if they do outdoor seating in the warm weather, but that would make it a really cool spot to eat in the summer!

We had a reservation and were seated immediately when we arrived. Our waitress was very nice. We ordered Tomato Bruschetta and Aracini. The Bruschetta appetizer was a little small, only 4 pieces. I loved the Aracini, I had never had it before. Rice balls mixed with cheese, breaded, fried and served with marinara...really can't go wrong there! They also serve bread and roasted peppers when you are seated.

My boyfriend and I split the Crab Ravioli and Papardelle Porcini. Both entrees were delicious and were a good sized portion. The Ravioli was served in a delicious creamy pesto sauce. I've had pesto that is really over the top, but this sauce was perfectly balanced. The Papardelle Porcini was my favorite. Huge noodles, served with chicken, mushrooms and a delicious cognac sauce. Thank goodness they gave us extra bread or I would have been temped to lick my plate. I would highly recommend this entree!
Oh my goodness. When eating here for a recent date night with the boyfriend, I realized that I haven't reviewed this place yet. How could I have neglected this important task?

After debating for a long while where exactly we were going to go on said date night, boyfriend suggested Spasso, since they never let us down before. I immediately, and happily made reservations through OpenTable.

Upon arrival, I ordered a glass of pinot grigio from our lovely waiter, who was very accommodating. Boyfriend ordered a Coronoa. We received a complimentary basket of bread, accompanied by a small dish of pepper-garlic deliciousness. For an appetizer, I ordered the fried calamari and boyfriend ordered the crab cake. The fried calamari was fine -- it didn't have a whole lot of flavor. Most of the flavor came from the tomato sauce. The crab cake was also fairly bland -- just a standard crab cake. I'm never a fan of the filling that comes in crab cakes; I'd rather just a ball of crab meat, honestly, so I may be biased.

I love me an Italian place that makes their own pasta. There's something in the chewy, homemade dough that just makes me unbearably happy. Right after ordering a glass of rose, I ordered their spinach pasta ravioli with a four-cheese and wild mushroom filling. It normally is served with an alfredo sauce, but I got them with their tomato sauce (I could drink the tomato sauce on its own, it's so delicious). The ravioli were perfectly cooked with just enough filling. The filling was also delicious. No complaints there! 

Boyfriend ordered the crab ravioli, which is served with a cream sauce. I snuck a taste, and I thought they were very good, with a nice crab flavor. Definitely liked my ravioli better though.

We ended the meal by sharing tiramisu, which is absolutely delicious! Highly recommend it. I can't wait to come back here again, for more chewy homemade pasta deliciousness.
Reliable.  This is the adjective I was given before going to Spasso.  To me, reliable means "just ok."  Spasso was better than just ok, however.

The service was great.  Attentive without pushy.  The decor was, as my girlfriend put it, "pizza parlor," which is fitting - so that's probably not going to please everyone...but, as I always say, who cares what the place looks like if the food is great?

The bruschetta was solid, if a bit too oily.  It reminded me of my mother's, and I consider her a good cook, so that's a bonus.  The tomatoes were ripe, if a bit unflavorful, and the portion was large.

The grilled calamari was quite good.  Parts were a bit overcooked, but the seasoning was excellent and it was clearly fresh.  The portion was average and the cost a bit high.

The gnocchi with gorgonzola was very good.  I tend to prefer my gorgonzola sauce to be a bit more pungent than this was, but the gnocchi was nearly perfect - melt in your mouth as it a good gnocchi should.  Large portion.

The penne Spasso was a bit less impressive.  The porcini mushrooms didn't mesh well with the delicate sauce.  The pasta was correctly cooked.  Again, large portion for a small price.

Overall, the meal was very good with the prices being quite reasonable.  I will come back again as it is so close to home.  I think most people would enjoy this good, if not creative, Italian fare.  If you like Olive Garden...well, I feel for you, but this place is Olive Garden-esque in price but much closer to La Famiglia in quality.
So I find myself at an Italian place again, hoping my low expectations are met, kudos to Spasso for exceeding them.   Our food was served perfectly timed, hot stuff hot, cold stuff cold.  Service was pretty good  otherwise as he had time to spend with us and go over the menu, it was not busy but the place did fill up as we dined.  Arancini, one of my favorites anywhere, was ok, very simple and not overdone.  We all had pasta dishes, which they hand make?  It was cooked perfectly.  Veal and crab was  a hit as well.  Tirimisu tasted fresh and was light, and was not soaked and soggy.  Wine flows and the space is nice.
1.  FREEZING COLD.  It is snowing like crazy, so please turn on the heat.
2.  The hostest took forever to bring us our drinks, even though there were only 4 other parties there.  She brought my wine, and said I'll be back with your waters before my husband could request a beer.
3.  Again, took forever to bring us cold bread with some cold grilled veggie concoction that would have tasted fine if it wasn't half frozen.
4.  My husband got the gnocchi with gorgonzola which was overwhelming and the gnocchi was gummy instead of light and fluffy.  
5.  My pappardelle was missing something... and the sun dried tomatoes reminded me of the early 90s when people threw them into everything.
6.  Took forever again to bring the check.

Never ever ever going there again.  Worst service I have had in years.
Service was absolutely awful! Food came out cold and undercooked. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay away!
I hate to be a jerk, this place may be fantastic but I will never know. My husband and I were in Philly for the weekend, staying at the Sheraton Society Hill. Our concierge suggested Spasso's. We have been to Philadelphia too many times to count, and wanted to try something new and with my husband running the Philly Marathon the next day we needed an early pasta dinner. So around 5 PM we ventured over and walked in for a table for two. This very snippy young lady told us we needed reservations. I said OK, looking around there were maybe a handful of patrons. We left. Outside, walking along the second dinning room with MANY tables, there were, again only a handful of patrons. I was angry and could not understand how at 5 PM with an empty dinning room how they could turn away a table for two. Sad.
The specialty scallops positano was terrible. No one should ever order it. Price of $29 for three scallops each the size of a quarter.  The seafood was not fresh. The pasta is cooked al dente and difficult to digest. Parking is problematic. Also this restaurant needs to be cleaned and install upgraded amenities in restrooms (usually standard in any restaurant built in the last fifty years).
I went to this restaurant with my parents on a Friday night.  We had a 7:30 reservation, arrived on time, and were seated and served promptly.

We split up the grilled calimari as an appetizer.  It tasted delicious and was served with a thin buttery sauce on the side.  The portion size of this dish relative to its price was not good, however.  I know it was only an appetizer, but it really was not a lot of food, even for one person.  They do serve a complimentary basket of bread with a squash type spread with dinner, though, which was a nice touch.  By the time the entrees came we were definitely not in a bad spot.

For dinner I had the chicken parm with a side of spaghetti, and I have to say that both were terrific.  The spaghetti was obviously prepared fresh, and the sauce was perfect.  The chicken was thin and crispy and was obviously a quality cut.  Delicious, really.  The portion size was pretty much perfect.  By the end of dinner we were quite content, but not too stuffed to turn down dessert.

After dinner we split up a dessert sampler, which was absolutely perfect for 3 people.  It had smaller cut up pieces of VERY fresh cannoli with a chocolate sauce, tiramisu, cheese cake with a graham cracker crust and strawberry sauce, and a chocolate mousse cake.  Though all of our entrees were excellent, I think we all liked this part of the meal most.  With coffees, which were very smooth and not weak, this dessert put a nice exclamation point on the meal.

The service was fantastic, by the way.  They seemed to always check in at the right times, kept our glasses full (with fresh ice/glasses without me even requesting it, which would have been a cardinal sin if they did not), and were very friendly and down to earth.  They made you feel right at home.

The decor is slightly better than average.  For a place this solid, you'd have hoped for a little more, but it had a nice charm of its own.  On the whole, entrees range in the $20 range.  For three people, splitting up 3 entrees, an appetizer, 1 drink each, and desserts/coffees, the bill came to about $135 total, after tax and tip.  Of course this one was on dad anyway, but the place is very fairly priced if you aren't being treated.

I'd be happy to go back here on my own dime, and very happy to go back here if it weren't.
Great atmosphere. A little older crowd. Pricier but worth it. Crunchy bread comes with sautéd veggies and oil. The grilled calamari is fresh and cook perfectly with a delicious sauce. The Seabass comes cooked to perfection which the waiter can fillet for you upon request. The seafood risotto comes with a healthy portion of calamari, fish, and jumbo shrimp and just may be the best Italian dish I've ever had. The sauce was amazing!
This place was amazing! We decided to go out for date night, it was an added plus that it was restaurant week. We chose Spasso because it seemed to be the only place where you could choose from the entire menu excluding the specials. We expected half size or small portions because of the price. The place is gorgeous, looks like an authentic Italian restaurant. The staff was really nice and our server was extremely charismatic. I had the antipasto as an appetizer (ginormous portion), it was delicious. I went with a Spasso favorite which was the crab stuffed ravioli, which was also a large portion and it was delicious. We decided to share desserts I had the cheese cake which was phenomenal and she had the tiramisu. The tiramisu was honestly one of the best I have ever had. I will be returning! 

Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
Walked in and the hosts/servers across the room just stared at me. I smiled and motioned toward a table, but they ignored me and instead talked among themselves (though clearly it was about me). It was awkward and I felt like an idiot. It turned out they were expecting me to leave (and I almost did and wish I had), because when one of them finally approached me, it turned out they ASSUMED I was a lost high school kid. Maybe the food was good, I couldn't tell because of the bad taste that was left in my mouth after that rude experience. Deciding whether or not to serve someone based on their looks - good one.
Went here last night (Saturday).  Service was sub par. Four of us sat down at a table. Waitress informed us she would be back to wipe table down then brought back water without wiping table down.  3 of our plates arrived. The 3 of us ate our full plates and shared with the 1 who didn't get their plate. We had to flag down a helper to find out what the deal was because our waitress never bothered checking in on us.  So our 4th ate the plate alone while we watched. We had ordered drinks to start. My glass was empty for about 20 minutes while this mishap of finding our plate was going on. Only got another drink because waitress offered us another round to make up for the inconvenience   The food that came in late was still on bill  and where I can understand giving a free round of drinks I would have preferred getting that food to go and just leaving.   The waitress blamed the whole confusion on being busy- I've been in busy restaurants and never had this happen and pretty bad to make that the excuse.   I wasn't going to post about this except about 30-40 minutes after leaving my girlfriend got violently sick at our friends apartment and ended up flushing all her crab meat ravioli down the toilet.  Our friend who shared part of this plate because they forgot her food also got sick later that night.  Will never return.
Very good food at very fair prices. I'm a college undergrad and was taking my sister out to dinner after a movie at the Ritz, as a belated birthday gift for the two of us Saturday night. I was surprised (considering location, food quality, atmosphere, and how full I left after eating) by how fair the prices were, we did no research in advance so it was totally serendipity we went there. 

We ordered, for $60:

- Mussels (Huge Bowl)
- Calamari
- Gnocchi Gorgonzola
- Chicken Something (stuffed with prosciutto and with vegetables)
- Literally ate a loaf of bread each
- Drinks


The mussels we had were very good and came with an amazing broth, that was literally so good I ask for them to put it in to something to go (even a standard plastic cup, I didn't care) - so I could finish it later. The broth was even better the next day!  Also, the calamari was good, not as crunchy as I hope, but still pretty great. 

I had the Gnocchi Gorgonzola, which was extremely rich, but tasty. I was pretty full off the awesome apps, so I only put a little dent in it. As you probably already know, gnocchi especially in cream sauce isn't nearly as good the next day - but, that's what I get for ordering enough apps for a family of six. Honestly, it probably could have used some herbs or something to lighten it up, but again the gnocchi on the own were heaven.

Overall, great experience and I'd definitely recommending going there.
Food. Caesar salad - c. No. Made with mayo or ?  No anchovies.  Shrimp Fettuccine - b. Maybe liked by some. White Pesto was bland, noodles were decent.  
Service - b.  OK. the bartender/waitress was excellent.  The guy who brought me the salad ask if I wanted fresh pepper, I said yes, he then twisted the thing once and left - aka he was an ass. 
Setting - c. OK. The dinning area was americano loud. If you don't mind yelling while eating, then you'll be fine. Taking the hostess recommendation, were I set, in the bar area, was fairly quite, albeit I went there later Sunday night.
The place was clean. Good. 
The water and lemon. Good.
I recommend but would choose different food. 
Rant. Loud people suck. I've got this thing about people who talk so loud they can be heard by everyone in the place - their asses. Oh yes, ever notice when respectfully asking someone to [shut the f up], they act like they want to punch you in the face?
As a completely full blooded Italian South Philly gal, I think I'm pretty qualified to judge Italian food.  I Love this place!  Every single meal I have had here, which has been more than 50, have blew me away.  The food is fresh & delicious, prices are very reasonable for the upper end of casual, and they will make every attempt to accommodate a special request.  Also the service is extremely pleasant & efficient.  
The only tip I can give is to look for metered parking across the street before dropping more serious money for the lot next door :-)
Came here to celebrate a friends birthday , which was chosen by her. 

Got to this restaurant at 5pm for early dinner. The place is spacious, quiet and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and attentive. 

I got the Penne Spasso which had bacon , mushrooms , and peas in a pink cream sauce. The pasta was delicious, and freshly made. Pasta was cooked just right and the sauce was cooked to perfection. I couldn't finish the pasta since I was started to get really full but the sauce was something I had to finish dipped with the side of bread they provided beginning of the course. I tasted my friends grilled Branzino fish which was fresh and seasoned slightly with salt just enough to taste the freshness of the fish. 

I would come back here again.
For all the great food and wine that my girlfriend and I drank for about 90$ it was well worth it! We came here for our fourth anniversary, we drank great wine paired perfectly with our meals, we had fresh antipasti which was amazing we wanted more. Nice size place right on Front street, very eloquent setting, nice place to come out for a authentic Italian meal, this place beats going to a chain restaurant any day. 
Four our antipasti we had the bruschetta with fresh tomato and basil, the ingredients were fresh, the bread was tasty and it all just complimented each other. After our antipasti we both ordered our entrees, they took a lot longer to come out than I expected which was a little bit upsetting because the night started off just right. Four our entrees, I had the Chicken Rollatini Rosmarino and my girlfriend had the Penne Spasso, we both enjoyed our entrees and we both had enough left to take home with us. We capped off the night with a piece of Tiramisu, which was light and fresh, it couldn't have been much better than that! The only thing that I previously stated that upset me was the slow pace at which we received our entrees, but I know that we would most certainly be back for some more food.
My wife and I dined here after a movie at the Ritz at the Bourse. The ambiance and decor was bland, outdated and old. The food was overpriced, over cooked, and underwhelming. Other reviewers have said the prices are high. If the quality of the food were better, I wouldn't have minded the price. We did enjoy our salads (Gorgonzola, Goat Cheese with Walnuts) and Sangria, but I wish we'd stopped there. The service was bad, too. I asked our server what sauce came on a dish, and she said red or white. When I ordered that dish, she didn't ask what sauce I wanted (my wife reminded me that I forgot to say white), and when she came back with (bad, store-bought) bread I asked for white sauce. She was very miffed and said: It comes with a red sauce, now I have to go tell them you want white. It was very odd to be treated like this. We will never go back.
Spasso Italian Grille really is as good as it gets.  Pure Perfection!  I have eaten there on many occasions when I am visiting Old City.  The food is authentic Italian.  Always hot and fresh.   It has never been less than fabulous.  They even kindly prepared a dish that was not part of their regular menu for a family member of mine.  Ooh, and the bread and marinated vegetables are divine.

Classy hostess and fine waiters.  The atmosphere is unpretentious.  I love the exposed brick and murals.  And...because it is important to me...the restrooms are always clean.
Hostess on Sat. Night is extremely rude and unwelcoming. With so many restaurants to choose from in the city these days, an attitude adjustment is in order. Food is okay. I have had much better in South Philly Italian restaurants. Doubt I will be going back any time soon.
Wow! Came here for this round of CC Restaurant Week. I've been to so many places for RW, but Spasso was by far the best deal and the best food. I respect so much that they don't limit their RW menu at all. The options are endless and the portions are more than enough. Come hungry and leave with leftovers! (Or eat it all - who am I to judge?) 

For $35 for dinner you get 4 courses. 

1st course-any appetizer on the menu. My squad and I got 4 different options and split them. The crab cakes were my favorite and the mussels were my least favorite. We also got the arancini balls and calamari - very delicious!  

2nd course-penne and sauce - simple but tasty. 

3rd course-ANY entree. Literally no limitations. I got the chicken parm. Huuuge and delicious!!! 

4th course-ANY dessert. I got the delicious cream puff with ice cream and chocolate! 

Not to mention, we got a bottle of wine and complimentary bread and veggies. I will most definitely be back next RW and hopefully before then too! Located in a great location in Olde City. The aesthetic is chic. The service is amazing! 

If I could give out 10 stars, Spasso would get all 10. Well done!
We came here because my husband bought the Groupon, it was DELISH!  

The waiter was awesome, the wine was great and the atmosphere is romantic.

Get the Lobster Ravioli!!!
I had a walk at Penns Landing and was looking for a dinner place. Just searched on yelp and picked this place because of its rating. It has several dining halls and a bar area, and they're almost full when we got there. We were sited at the corner of the bar area, but it was not noisy. We got a shrimp pasta with cream sauce and a Veal Porcini and both were good. I never had a shrimp pasta with so many shrimps. Also, Veal Porcini was very tender and the sauce was great. We didn't have any appetizer and dessert but got really full. I took a star off cause it took a long time to get some drinks. Also, they should change the stool. It sounded raspy every time I moved.
The best risotto I have ever tasted. I went on a night when seafood risotto was a special and man did I get lucky. The outdoor seating was very nice, but the inside seemed great too. The overall atmosphere was very impressive, perfect for dates or nights out.  Our waiter was actually Italian, which was a nice change. 
The others in my party ordered a seafood medley dish over noodles and the lobster ravioli. I sampled the ravioli, and I instantly knew what I was getting next time. Good drink selection, more variety than the usual Italian place, and pretty good location. I will be returning next time I'm in Philly. 

This place set the bar for Italian restaurants for me, and few places have come close to comparing.
Spasso was near the Hilton at Penns Landing and highly rated so we went. 

Cons: I can't stand rude hostesses and the hostess here is a problem. The bar is next door to the entrance and smells smoky. Beer is only by the bottle. Very old register system.

Pros: very delicious food. 5 star food. Lots of wine- wine on tap even. 2 TVs in the bar.

Always consider the specials before making a decision. The dessert plate is perfect if you have 3 or more people.

I would come back but the hostess can suck an egg.
I had my rehearsal dinner here on April 28th and would recommend this restaurant for both an intimate dinner and a large event. My guests LOVED the food. Loredana and Sam were both excellent to work with and the service was really as good as it gets. The food didn't taste banquet at all, but rather just like a restaurant meal. The caeser salad, penne pasta, entrees and dessert platter were tasty, fresh and crowd-pleasing. The back room fit my group of 40 with plenty of space, and the ambiance was cozy and welcoming. If you ever need to plan a graduation party or large dinner, I highly recommend Spasso.
Sat outside for lunch. The food was outstanding!  I had the seafood papadelle, their Wednesday special. Perfectly cooked pasta with and incredibly luxurious pink sauce,  I will definitely be back soon!
The food here is oaky our meal was bland and not fresh.  

The service was very good. 

There is much much better Italian in Philly.
My apologies to Spasso- I meant to write this review a year ago but am just getting it now.

Short story: I thought I had my old city Philadelphia wedding all set to go months ahead of time.  Then- rude awakening.  I was planning to have our rehearsal dinner in one of the hotel dining rooms but was suddenly told that, since it was a Saturday, they were going to slap me with an 4-figure fee just to have the place.  Umm- no thanks!

I was desperately looking for a room in Old City that would host about 90-100 people for a Saturday night dinner at an affordable cost.  I must have contacted 3 dozen places that all were outrageous.  But, lucky for me, I then found SPASSO!

I still cannot believe what an excellent venue this was for us.  They charged us NOTHING for the space, even though it was a hopping Saturday night at the peak of tourist season.  Loredana was exceptional, helping me set up a menu and negotiate beverage packages.   When we arrived, there were special menus printed up for each place setting.  Spasso provided us a microphone and a plethora of servers and helpers saw to our every need.  Also- the food was delicious!  Many of our guests were vegetarian and Spasso could not have made it easier for us.

To anyone else looking to host an event at Spasso in their private dining space- GO FOR IT!  I promise you'll be thrilled with the service- and the price!
We got there early so it wasn't busy, food wasn't that impressive, an Italian place that doesn't have lasagne! I can't remember what I got, some type of stuffed pasta which wasn't too impressive, I don't think I'll go back there again if I'm ever in Philly.
this is the 2nd time i've been to this location (last weekend for my friends birthday).  We went back because the food was good the first time and overall we had a good time.

This time, the food was just fair but i'm writing this review and assigned a one star because of what happenened when the check came.  One of my friends at the table is an actuary and he really checks the detail on the bill.  He told the waitress the total on the bill was $1.50 more than the items listed.  She went to find out why.  When she came back, she said we were charged for ice in the glass when I ordered a vodka martini on the rocks.  

I said "you charged for ice in the drink?".  I told her I never heard of that before and it was very sneaky how they just hid the charge.  She said that they had to put more liquor in the drink because it has ice in it.  Just absurd!  I asked to talk to the manager.  Of course the manager was busy and couldn't come out, but the waitress came back with a revised check and removed the $1.5.  I wonder how many customers have contributed to their $1.50 ice fund.  We only knew about this because my friend caught it on the bill, otherwise it would've gone unnoticed.  It's not the $1.5, its the principle  We all agreed we would not return to a restaurant that tries to cheat their customers.
First time here, pretty good food.  Started with the bruschetta.  Light and sweet with the nuttiness of the oil coming through.  Had the shrimp Fradiavlo, I guess the devil's fire did not make an appearance in the kitchen; very mild, but it allowed the EVOO, garlic and Roma's to shine.  Had the Sauvignon Blanc, retail $15 a bottle, paid $36.  3 time mark-up on a $15 bottle of wine is why I am giving a 4 and not a 5.

Will come back next time in PHL, but will skip the wine!
Went here with some friends for restaurant week.  it was $35 per person and it is not a specific menu for restaurant week.  It was a four course meal (appetizer, preset pasta, entree, and dessert) - great deal, but the preset tomato sauce penne pasta dish was a bit unnecessary (just seemed like a filler).

-For appetizers, the crab cake was huge and filling, but quality was not the best.  However, the grilled and fried calamari were quite delicious.  
-For entrees, the New York strip was a larger portion, but the steak itself was on the drier side...however the mushroom sauce that they pair along with the steak compensates for the steaks dryness and the sauce itself was very savory and flavorful. 
-For desserts, the tiramisu wasn't the best; it was little too cakey for me.  The creme brulee was filling and super thick and I would say it's one of the better dessert options there.
The pasta here is out of the world. Came here around 4 so it wasn't too busy and service was quick with a really easygoing and friendly waiter. 
Everything is homemade and the noodles aren't too hard or too soft. I got the shrimp fettuccine and the sauce was creamy and rich in taste. They also give you warm bread with seasoned vegetables that go together really well. Also got the fried calamari after hearing it was the best in town and that is definitely true.
