Hooray for happiness! The team working the grill and counter at Spataro's Cheesesteaks (in the always popular Reading Market Terminal) were the happiest people I met in Philadelphia. They seriously seemed to love their jobs. 

I just wish I loved their cheesesteaks as much.

Oh, I'm not saying my Cheesesteak with Peppers from Spataro's was bad. It was fine, ok, and alright. It was also meaty, cheesy, filling, and pure Philly. It just wasn't lovable or the best.

Regardless, huge props to the crew at Spataro's Cheesesteaks for the happiness and joy on display behind the counter. You made my day even though the cheesesteak didn't.
Long lines but needed to try one visiting Philly and eat indoors.   Not the best but good enough.
We came for Reading Terminal Market for breakfast and there are a billion merchants to choose from so it's tough to actually hone in on a place because there are just so many options! We were so indecisive so we just settled on Spataro's for a breakfast sandwich. We figured we would go to a more iconic place for a cheese steak.

I just ordered a bacon, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich and thought it was mediocre. The bacon wasn't that crispy and the bread was too soft. Lots of eggs in the sandwich though. It's a decent sized sandwich and tied me over for the morning. 

I'm sure you can find a better place for a breakfast sandwich inside Reading Terminal Market but Spataro's just happened to be in the area we decided to finally pick a place.
There's no reason to go to this place when Reading Terminal Market is full of so many wonderful places to eat. This is also not a place to experience the wonderfulness of a real Philly cheesesteak. Sure this place might be geographically located in Philly but the cheesesteaks here taste like the ones I can get back home in NC (and this is NOT a compliment. Cheesesteaks anywhere in the south suck).

The steak here was dried out and overcooked. It was incredibly greasy as well. They also completely ignored me when I asked them to put hot sauce on my sandwich. When I reminded them of this, they tossed me a packet of Chalula sauce even though there was a big bottle of buffalo sauce clearly in my view. Nothing against Chalula but it's not the right sauce for a Philly cheesesteak and I'm also not sure why they wouldn't put the bottled buffalo sauce on my steak for me since that's what I asked them to do. I guess lifting that bottle was too much of an effort for him? Since the guy seemed so annoyed, I didn't ask him again to put the buffalo sauce on even though I would've preferred that to Chalula but I did ask if he could at least give me some more sauce since the packets are so small. He sighed and gave me exactly one more. How generous. The fries were actually really good and that's the only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one.

Skip this place and visit one of the other stands in the market. You will have plenty to choose from!
Better than Geno's or Pat's.

Enter the market, get on line, the cheesesteak here is going to blow your mind.

In the very middle of Philadelphia's Reading Station Market, the line stretches around the corner nearly to the exit, however it moves quickly. 

Order cheesesteak wit and the warm roll, fresh chopped beef are cheese arrives in a show from the line where spatulas fly and sounds erupt. Perfectly seasoned (think salt and pepper), the cheese is melted and coats the beef well.

Order two for yourself.
Skip it

Went on the recommendation of the check-in lady at the Masonic Temple a few blocks up.  We figured that she (born and raised in Philly) would point us to just the right spot.  Afterwards several friends said that Spataro's is definitely not the place to go for a typical Philly cheesesteak.

Situated in the Reading Terminal Market amongst a myriad of other food stations, I imagine most tourists would simply walk by.  The do not make cheesesteaks either "wit whiz or witout", rather they use sliced Provolone or American.  Also Spataro's offered green peppers which were pickled rather than fresh.  This substitution is certainly not an improvement on the classic sandwich as it adds a funky taste to the final product.  This is probably why our friends feel we did not get a typical experience.

Overall tasty.  I thought my steak looked a little burned.  They do not sell french fries (had to go to another station for those) and the wait was considerable (only one guy making sandwiches).  Definitely not wowed and would not recommend to anyone.
I've been going to this place for the last twenty years, and it's always had the same huge sandwiches, tasty and fresh ingredients, and lovable old man behind the counter. In fact, the only thing that's changed is their location; I've had to re-learn their location three times since the 80s. I am a creature of habit, and this was quite a hassle, but Spataro's is always worth it.
i am not a huge fan of steak sandwich. i prefer my beef to shine on its own rather than with thick slices of bread and chopped veggies. but when in philly, eating a philly cheese steak sandwich is one of the must-do's, and i happily obliged, like any tourist, without having done a much research though. 

the reading terminal market seemed to encompass all the specialties of philly and the most safe place to cross off that to-do list. we looked for a stall with the longest line, and spatago it was. the line moved fast and our orders came out in light speed. for $8, the cheese steak sandwich was piping hot, huge (almost a foot long), stuffed with slices of tender, lean beef and just the right amount of assorted veggies. 

just don't expect the lady manning spataro's register to show that brotherly love during their mad rush hours. she went about her business impatiently without showing any sympathy to tourists who were confused and dazed with all the goodies on their menu.
Food: 2/5    Price: 3/5

Wanting a classic Philly Cheesesteak, I was a little dissapointed for Spataro's. Located at Reading Terminal Market with pretty long lines, I had high hopes. The sub was way too soft and couldn't really hold the fillings, you get a huge dent when you grab the sub. The meat was skimpy and tasted just ok. Cheese wiz was way too little and didn't up the sub at all.

Ordered:
* Cheesesteak ($9.49)
Spataro's has been in The Reading Terminal for a very long time. They started out selling fresh Buttermilk (when it was considered a treat) and evolved to what it is now- a Philly sandwich stand. First I want to give a shout out and a hug to Pop Spataro, one of the nicest guys i ever met who still works there now even though he's in his eighties- God bless him. His son Domenic runs the business and is a stickler about the quality and composition of his sandwiches. The guy cooking that looks like Sluggo from the comic strip Nancy is competent and makes great sandwiches. I love the breakfast sandwiches on a roll or a bagel and you can make up your own concoction. I like cooked Salami and Eggs with Cheese and Sweet Peppers on a Poppy Seed Bagel and for lunch I like the Italian Hoagie with everything and topped off with fresh, chopped olives and pimento's layered on top of the sandwich. The Steaks are okay, but Dominic being the stickler he is refuses to use Cheese Whiz, (the most preferred Cheese) on his Steaks. Go figure! If he allowed the customer his or her OWN choice, maybe Spataro's would of got 4 stars.
Spataro's offers a solid cheesesteak but quite honestly it isn't any better than Jersey Mike's and no where near the quality of White House subs. Their tater tots are good but again nothing out of the ordinary.
Spataro's has the persona of a serious cheesesteak contender. It has gruff but fast-moving service with echoes of the Soup Nazi. Do not ask for gluten-free. But the sandwich disappointed. The meat wasn't very appealing and there wasn't enough cheese to cover it up.
How can this be?!?!????

I am seriously kicking myself for FAILING to pull up the rating BEFORE I decided to place an order. Seriously, if I didn't know better I would swear this was a prank! Rudeness has to be one of the required skill sets to work here. This place gets the award for the worse customer service known to mankind. I have honestly ---never ever ever experienced such poor customer service at an establishment. I should've paid attention early on. 

As I approached the counter, two employees were in a heated exchange but I chalked it up to a bad moment. So I approach the counter to order and the cashier summoned me towards her as if I were the kid back in junior high that she didn't want to pick for her basketball team but had to because I was the only participant left. After paying, I stood in a different assembly styled line for food pick up, I witnessed the fry guy berating a customer who failed to hear her order number called the first time around. 

The fries & tots are on top of the counter and you can pick them up with no proof of payment. Weird but that's the set up. DIY. 

The sandwiches are decent but the service is so bad, I'd recommend skipping it even if there was a BOGO offer.
Extremely rude staff not welcoming or warm and very pushy and made me feel rushed. We were visiting from out of state trying a philly for the first time. The front clerk was very blah then another girl handed my a bag or I should say shoved the bag in my face saying here's your bag go over there. I asked for American cheese and everything else minus onions. I got just meat and cheese thats it. The food is very blah for paying $17 for a drink sandwich and fries. I definitely wouldn't go there again.
I'm a Philly native and tried one of their cheesesteaks with a visiting friend while in line at DiNic's. The meat was sliced thin which I typically like but the meat was bland and flavorless, they were skimpy on the cheese, and the toppings lacked flavor. I went back to ask for ketchup in an attempt to salvage this mess of a sandwich and the cook yelled at me. He directed me to the cashier who was equally rude. Apparently, you're only allowed three ketchup packets per sandwich. I would not recommend this place when there are so many good choices nearby.
I want to start out by saying, reading terminal is ALWAYS chaotic.  Finding a place I want to eat is always a struggle because there are so many options.

My last time in Reading Terminal, we came across Spataro's and decided to try it and we were thoroughly happy!  We ordered a cheesesteak with american and one with whiz along with tater tots.  All were great, but my favorite was definitely the tater tots.

They were fast, not too pricey, and yummy!
Spataro's had the shortest line out of all the cheesesteak places in the Market which is why I decided to get it from here. Now I know why no one was waiting here. The meat was dry and needed some more flavor/seasoning. Even with the fried onions to make it "wet", it was still dry. I asked for it with provolone and all it came with was one thin slice that wasn't melted at all. On the plus side, the roll was nice and soft and the hot peppers I added on was very good.
I'm at the Reading Terminal Market. I'm also in Philly at the same time. I'm also craving some cheese steak. So, after scoping out the stalls here at the market, I said I'll be purchasing here.

So, a cheese steak with cheese wiz, mushrooms, onions and peppers. I paid at the counter, they game me a number and a few minutes later, my order comes out at the other side. 

Cheese Steak: It was ok,, didn't really present very well. The cheese was at the bottom, so all of my snapchat followers were like, "where's the cheese?" The taste was pretty good, but still wasn't better than then food carts out on the streets. 

Service was pretty good. Their area is kept clean and tidy. Very welcoming sight and their employees were really nice. 

Thank you for reading my review. I hope all that stuff helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!!!
I was expecting more since I was downtown at Reading Terminal, but this was an above average cheesesteak. The line as you were waiting can get pretty lengthy too. Also notice one of the employees next to the cook throw away 3 cheesesteaks because they were wrong orders. Go to Ishkabibbles on South Street for a great steak and don't fall for  tourist traps at Pat's or Geno's.
Went to Redding Terminal for breakfast. The big problem is that there was so much to choose from: you would need 5 visits to have all the must-try things. 

But when in Philly, its the cheese steak that you really can't get anywhere else which  should dominate your meals. OK, so its breakfast time, which just means have some eggs on top of your steak. 

Even in Philly, it's not the steak that makes the sandwich: though most places you go have it down to a science. And the cheese, even in the best of places, is not much. It's the bread that is indescribably good, and Spataro's was no exception. 

The sandwich was long, had three eggs, and the classic chopped steak that was made fresh right in front of me. The bread was amazing, as per the local standard and I ate the thing like it was a one-bite hors d'oeuvre. The bread was so light and airy, but not without real substance. 

My son had a traditional breakfast sandwich, but I made him get it on the hoagie.  It was very good too, or so he reported. Way more than he could eat.  

In reading the reviews, it's interesting how the locals view their one of a kind, homegrown delicacy. Maybe it is a case of the ranger not being able to appreciate the beauty he sees everyday? I'm not sure someone from Kansas City can evaluate the barbecue in their town or any other: They are too close to the subject matter. To spoiled by something they see as fantastic to be OK with anything less than their particular favorite.  

In my view, any place that gets the bread right has got one hell of a sandwich right out of the gate. Going to Pat's and Geno's is something you just have to do, just for the spectacle. But almost every other local cheese steak I have had was pretty darn good. Certainly something I would kill for back home (every once in a while).
This is my first one star review ever. How can I express my disgust with this place.  Frozen Freakin' steak'ums. Am I 12 years old again or what?  Is this supposed to be good?  It's an effortless attempt to capitalize on a tourist population that does not know better than to avoid this place.  

I can't imagine why a place would serve hot food onto a cold bun and expect it to taste good. Please people, warm up your bread, even if only in a microwave for ten seconds. 

My god, just go somewhere else to avoid the disappointment this place is sure to serve. Doesn't matter where, just turn away and save yourself the GI distress.
This place sucks. I was in town visiting a friend and had a serious craving for Philly Cheesesteak. I ordered it with mushrooms and sweet peppers. What I got was a soggy meat-loaded sandwich with undercooked mushrooms, a few chunks of bland-tasting canned peppers, and ABSOLUTELY NO CHEESE. There was one miserable little strip down the center that had molded to the bread. 

After taking a few bites and determining that it was inedible (which is made even worse by the fact that I was hungover and starving -- usually I will eat ANYTHING when hungover), I went back to ask for more cheese. I was told that the sandwich had "three slices of cheese" and that I would be charged extra for any additional cheese slices. Given that the sandwich had already cost me $10, I decided to pass and instead eat the other half of my friend's Amish turkey sandwich. 

My advice? If you're in Reading Terminal, visit the Amish. If you're in Philly and want a real cheesesteak, go to South Street.
Whenever I go to Philly, I try to pick up one of Spataro's cheese steaks.  They're not cheap with the meat and the bread is nice and chewy.  There are other vendors at the Reading Terminal that make cheese steaks, but I like the quality of this vendor.  Plus, there is almost always a line, which, in my book, is a good sign of good food.  I've also tried their Italian hoagies (pretty good) and turkey hoagies (pretty good).  For those of you who don't know what a "hoagie" is, it's basically a submarine sandwich.
2.5 stars.

Crowed, busy day at the market.  Its July, people want out of the heat.

The wife had a lunch with out of town co-workers at Spataro's.  
Line was long, but service moved along quickly.

Ordered a cheesesteak with extra American cheese, fries and drink.
Sandwich was greasy, cheese not melted.  Soggy roll.
Fries were fine and meat was finely chopped and not grisly.   Sandwich was stuffed with meat.

Not bad, but not great.
Meh.
While this was my first ever Philly Cheesesteak, I have a sneaking suspicion that someday I will say there are better ones out there. Also, the guy who makes them, while very friendly, has got to be breaking every single health code standard ever. Not a glove or hairnet in sight. Go elsewhere.
Really nothing special. The difference between the steaks you can get from the carts around center city and this joint is just the price. Now don't get me wrong, I like the cart steaks, but they are half the price. Maybe the bread was a quarter of a notch better than the rolls from the carts. Maybe it was the same. Meh. I do appreciate that they use "real" american cheese as opposed to american cheese sauce.

The girls that work there have a bit of an attitude, so if you like that kind of thing, enjoy. I don't have the taste for that. If you do, you probably like getting whipped while hanging out in a dungeon decked out in patent leather. Whatever turns you on. These lovely ladies also try and upsell you a bunch, which is also not my favorite. They ask me if I wanted peppers. They ask me if I wanted mushrooms. They asked me other stuff. I ordered the cheesesteak specifying the kind of cheese and whether I wanted onions. It was obvious this wasn't my first cheesesteak. Maybe if they had a different demeanor I could believe that they were trying to "offer to enhance my cheesesteak" but I don't believe so. 

The steak was chopped up really fine, and wasn't too bad. At the RTM, there are lots of options. And in Philly, there are a lot of cheesesteak joints. Remember that.
For a place that has been around 72 years, one would expect the place to have had mastered the philly cheesesteak. The portions are plentiful; however, the ground beef was too salty and the cheese along with the beef made the entire sub really soggy. It gave me a pretty greasy feeling eating it. Not sure why, but this particular place hired a security guy(?) to make sure that customers are lining up correctly as there were two lines (one for paying and one for watching them make the cheesesteaks). Not really sure why this is really necessary as there are signs for each line. I personally felt that the security guy was very bossy with telling some customers where to stand and line up.

This shop is in the Reading Terminal Market, a place where you are able to explore many other shops; however, the seating area is pretty poor and the place definitely use some cleaning.
This is in the context of a busy conference, but being close to the Marriott, you're kind of spoiled for choice being so close to Reading. A lot of us really wanted a cheesesteak, and saw the line at Spataro's was really long, indicating it must be good. It can be kind of daunting, but they go through the line rather quickly.

Fries were a okay, nice and fluffy, but lacked any crispyness, since you are waiting in line for your cheesesteak. The cheesesteak was pretty good, not the best, but not the worst. Bread was a bit soggy and didn't have too much in texture, but the beef and the cheese made up for that. Overall, not a terrible place if you are wanting a cheesesteak and are short on time.

If you are willing to do a bit more searching, I am sure that the other better known establishments would do it better justice. However, a cheesesteak at Spataro's can serve as a pretty good benchmark for what else there is around the city. 

Overall, an efficient, tasty, quick lunch with some slight shortcomings. Recommended more for convenience.
Spataro's is only one of the MANY Philly cheesesteak vendors at Reading Terminal Market, but we decided to come here for our first authentic Philly cheesesteak experience mainly because we didnt know which to choose from and the line ups everywhere else were not reasonable. 

They have a good system to keep the line constantly moving. You line up in the 'Order/Pay' line first and then afterwards you get a pick-up number and receipt for you to line up in the 'Pick-up' line. This keeps the line order both efficient and in-order so that everyone gets their order correctly and in a timely manner. In my opinion this is really important for vendors at the busy market.

We chose the Cheesesteak with American cheese and onions , and honestly we were not disappointed! It was so delicious and I never knew cheesesteaks could taste this amazing. We only waited in line for about 10 minutes from start to pick-up (near closing time around 5:30pm on a Sunday). We saw the line ups at other cheesesteak vendors and it just looked like a huge mess. I'm glad we chose Spataro's and would probably come back the next time im in Philly.
This ended up being the only cheesesteak I tried in Philadelphia. I figured with lines looking equally long at all the cheesesteak places in Reading Terminal Market it had to be good... it was a big meh. That said, the line moved pretty fast, and the price was fine (under $10 and a big portion).

Maybe I'm not a Philly cheesesteak gal, but everything about it was average. Average beef, average bread, average onions, average cheese (I did go for American, and not cheese whiz). It was satisfying but I found myself waiting for some kind of deliciousness that didn't come.

If I had done a side-by-side scientific comparison with Philly's greatest, I would have more to say, but as it was, it was just an okay sandwich.
Oooh man,
go here if you want crappy attitude and service.
Clearly, we were from out of town and did not know how to order a cheesesteak properly, so the counter lady was very impatient with us. I've since learned that you specify "AMOUNT-CHEESE-WID/WIDDOUT onions." Anywho, at the end, because we had ordered four cheesesteaks, we asked the chef to reiterate which was which and he scoffed "I already told you. You should've listened." Well, thank you for the sermon, sir. NEVER GOING AGAIN. To top it all off, the cheesesteak was dry and tasteless. Wawa is even better guys... skip, skip, skip. Trying Carmen's next time.
Spataro's is no Jim's Cheese steaks but it's not horrible either. The line moves relatively quickly considering the dozen or so people waiting on it at any given time. The service is friendly and the guys behind the grill are moving swiftly. 

My beef (Get it?!) with Spataro wasn't the service but the quality. The steak itself isn't that great, found the meat to be bland and dry. Found large pockets of fat in the steak which made it too chewy and unappealing. The hoagie roll however was great, soft, toasted and presented a great crunch. The price of the product seems a bit too steep as well, that being  close to 10 bucks for just the sandwich. I only ended up eating half of it, maybe one day I'll come back for a redemption sandwich.
Just okay. Good tots and they are generous with the whiz. Meat had flavor but it sort of tasted like ketchup to me. Bun was just meh. In my town this steak would be a B+, in Philly it is a C-. Service was fine, not sure what people expect its a steak stand in a very busy market.
Should have read the reviews. Ugh.

I visited Reading Market Terminal and had not yet had a Philly cheesesteak during my stay in the city. I saw Spataro's Cheesesteaks and thought, "This is my chance." Service was prompt despite the long lunch line.

Granted, this was my first Philly cheesesteak ever so I have nothing to compare it to, but the bread tasted dry and the sandwich was underwhelming with flavor. I opted for onions and provolone cheese. 

It's a fine sandwich if you're in a pinch, but I wouldn't seek it out.
Ordered a cheese steak with hot peppers.  They put ketchup on their steaks,  was blown away a bit, but kind of enjoyed the taste.  Was just enough ketchup that it did not take away from the meat/bread.  Meat was nice and tender, peppers were just enough.  Roll was nice and fresh. 

One think I have found out about Philly Cheesesteaks, it seems the roll is what sets them apart.  There are so many choices that are outside the tourist traps (Geno's/Pat's).  Spataro's is one of them.
Food: 2
Service: 3.5
Value: 2

Having already tried By George!, I wanted to try another cheesesteak in Reading Terminal. Sadly, nothing particularly stood out about this place. They were expensive (as expected), but were also small, somewhat dry, and the cheese isn't at all mixed in with the meat, resulting in meat bites, and cheese bites. Service was friendly enough given the wait, but I won't go back.
Wifey got a cheesesteak from here on our last day in Philly and we did a comparison with by George, also in the Reading Terminal. About the same price ($7 something, almost $8), a little smaller than theirs, but still very good sized. It had some advantages and disadvantages in my opinion, but they wifey thought it was far superior. I overall agree, but disagree on certain things. I should also mention that while we are definitely not experts, I like the authentic whiz wit while she ordered the provolone (whiz not offered, -1) with hot peppers, tomatoes, lettuce (i think) and things. I told her it was a cheesesteak hoagie, but she said it's what she likes. I tried to compare on the basic elements anyway, but it was tough to envision it without all the other stuff. 

Perfect Amoroso, unlike the other spot. As mentioned, it was a little smaller, but still pretty large comparatively. It was def stuffed. The meat was somewhat underseasoned. I had to add salt for probably the 3rd time in my life (I very rarely have to add salt to dishes I order). The cheese was...provolone, it was good, but not really right for what it was supposed to be. too much mayo on this freakin thing, but that was okay. All the rest, I wouldn't have ordered, but if I was just eating a sandwich, this would have been a damn good one if the steak was a little more seasoned. I think that they could probably do it correctly if given the chance, but they need to work out their cheese issue. Nevertheless, it was pretty good. 

I wouldn't be back just because there are million places to get a cheesesteak that will do it correctly and this was not correct.
Had to get a cheesesteak since I was craving it after I had it at Jim's 2 days prior so decided to grab lunch at Spataro, inside the Reading Terminal Market.

Decided on a cheesesteak with provolone and both sweet and hot peppers.  For each cheesesteak, you get three slices of cheese (either American or Provolone), which is a little stingy compared to some other places.  The steak is chopped up with the onions and whatever other toppings you want then skillfully stuffed into the roll.  To me, the sandwich was only... alright.  I think I'm forever spoiled by cheese whiz and want that for all my future cheesesteaks.  Not as much meat and even though the peppers were good, it can't compare to Jim's.  

I like how while you wait in line you can see the cook making your cheesesteak, although... I would much prefer if he wore a glove or something.

When I went for lunch, had to wait in line for about 15 min and then another 15 for me order. 

For a little over $8, the price is pretty reasonable for the area but there's much better food in the market to blow your $8.
The "Philly cheesesteak..." sigh.

2.3 waaaaaaay overrated. Cannot help.

$9.50 for unseasoned, low quality (as bf pointed out) meat with barely anything but cheese, smattering onions, and ketchup? Have had much better....

Line is slow...tee'd cook seems worn and finished. Today, same cook as Allison's photo. Saddened...
Was in the mood for a steak while shopping at the Terminal Market, I didn't have high hopes tbh after reading the reviews of this place . I got exactly what the other reviews got , a bland , boring steak. Wasn't bad .. Or good .. Was just meeehhh.. So many better food options at the market that I actually felt stupid for going there . Service was fast and friendly . The sandwich was just dry and boring . Needed more wiz, some type of hot sauce and some cherry peppers .. In other words , it needed to be PAT'S.. Lol. I won't be repeating .
Me and my wife went on vacation and stayed in Philly for one nite. We seen the liberty bell and jumped on the Phlash to go down a couple blocks to Reading Terminal Market. I have never had a Cheesesteak before but this one was SO GOOD! I just had ketchup and lettuce on it and this thing rocked. Everybody was nice and there is plenty of open seating near it.
Walking around Reading Terminal this weekend, we decided to grab a cheesesteak at Spataro's as part of our lunch run here (and it's close to The Original Turkey, which is where we went to get the rest of our food). The line can be a little slow, as it's one person working the register and one guy making all the steaks. I can't speak to whether or not he simply leaves meat cooking if no one is in line...if so, that's poor form. But on a busy weekend day, everything is getting made fresh on the spot, so no complaints from me. It probably took around 15 minutes or so from getting onto line to getting the steak, but it was hot and fresh off the grill. The meat is pretty standard, but it's pretty succulent and doesn't really require anything additional on it. Combined with a hearty dose of Whiz (it definitely looked like he gave 4 or 5 generous pumps from the dispenser, you get what any cheesesteak should be - properly greasy, cheesy goodness. I also like that the Whiz doesn't coagulate on the steak like it has at other places I've had...I think this is due to the fact that after Whizzing up the bun, the guy places it on top of the meat and lets it cook for all of about 5 seconds - enough to keep it all in its gooey glory. The buns are soft and fresh as well, so you don't crunch through and make a mess.

I wouldn't call it the best steak I've ever had, but it's definitely better than a good number that I've had in Philly in the past (as well as just about better than any I've had in NY). If you're in Center City, you can probably do worse for a steak...the only downside is the wait (if you're in a rush) and that it costs almost $9 after-tax...which seems a bit high, but it's been almost 5 years since I was here for school, so with inflation it might make a bit of sense.
Had this as my last lunch in Philly. This was the better of the cheesesteaks that I had all week! If you visit the Reading Market Terminal, you gotta try this place out! To get it the Philly way, you need to get your Cheez team with cheese wiz!
One star for the cashier. Acts like we are bothering them in their own home. If this IS your home, don't invite people to order food. You don't like where you work and what you do, GTFO.  Remember, you're at work, people gonna want some service without the bitchy attitude.
Didn't think it was possible to get a horrible cheesesteak in this city, but it seems possible after visiting Spataro's. Researched a bunch of different places at the Reading Terminal, and unfortunately I didn't spend enough time looking into this place before we decided on trying a Cheesesteak (with American) for lunch. It was quick to order, but I stood in a confusing line for about 10 minutes before I was handed a truly disappointing sandwich. 

While it was kind of fun to watch the grill master work, it just made me terribly sad to see him work with frozen sheets of mystery meat and that my sandwich was going to be made from the dried out heap of meat that had been sitting on the grill waiting to be worked with while he went through the other meat. We ordered french fries to go with the sandwich, and without any instruction from the cashier, you pick them up at the other end of the counter from where you pick up the sandwiches. Fortunately I was standing in front of the fry cook when he shouted "if you order fires, you pick them up here," so i learned the trick, but I imagine others have probably never gotten their fries since they weren't so lucky. 

After all that waiting the fries (in a plastic clamshell) were limp and had no seasoning.  The meat was also lacking in any flavor/seasoning and was incredibly dried out. It also tasted and smelled burnt, most likely because it sat on the grill so long waiting to thaw and be used in a sandwich. Was it the worst sandwich I've ever eaten? No. But there are certainly much better options in Philly and certainly within the Terminal to give your time and money to.
I think Spataro deserves more love than it is getting. I thought their cheesesteak was amazing. The meat was so finely chopped, flavorful and yet not overly salty or greasy (relatively speaking, of course). The roll was a lovely thing and the cheese (we chose provolone) took a backseat to the quality of the beef, which I for one appreciated. Skip the silly lines at di nick's and go here!
The line for this place was incredibly long, so I decided to get my cheesesteak here, without consulting yelp. That was a mistake. 

To be fair, I didn't get sick from my food. But after waiting close to 30 minutes for my food, I'm expecting something amazing. I got the cheesesteak, with whiz, peppers, onions and mushrooms. I guess because I ordered it with a few things extra, they decided to let 6 people cut in front of me and get their sandwiches first. I was not a fan of that. 

When we finally ate our sandwiches, my friends and I all agreed. They were flavorless. The steak sandwiches at Subways are 100x better than what we ate here. I don't understand why the line for this place is so long.
Hefty portions for the hefty price, but an undistinctive cheesesteak at that. I'd have to agree with everyone else here who says this is overrated. The meat and cheese weren't flavorful and the roll tasted generic, with the overall effect being that of a super-sized cafeteria sandwich. The server was courteous and funny, though, probably helped by the fact that I showed up during a slow period.
Service is terrible. I waited in line for long long time while the staff are angry. Worst cheesesteak I've ever tried by far.
Not a fan.  If you don't explicitly ask for something they don't put it on.  Also very small portions.  Feeling like a tourist trap!  Small portions, unimpressive- Subway would make a better one.  The mushrooms are the ones out of the can Save your money.
Not impressed at all.  Went at 10 am before going home, wanting to get a cheesesteak to go for the ride along with a breakfast sandwich.  Before I get to the negative, I would like to say the woman taking the order was very nice and pleasant, so no complaints about her.  As for the guy cooking, you have to be kidding me.  All he did was complain about what people were ordering at 9:45am.  He even referred to everyone as drunks because he was having to cook more cheesesteaks than he expected.  He was down right rude, verbal to guest and giving us stares.   Even when my food was up and I was standing at the wrong pick up line, he gave me a dirty look even at that.  Business is business, if you have cook cheesesteaks at 9:45am, then do it, that's what the customer wants.  If Dinic's staff was rude, i would still go because the food is excellent, but Spataro's, no more.  I left feeling so disrespected.
line is long- cheesesteak is good, but not the best- 
big guy making the sandwich is entertaining to watch
The line procedure is PATHETIC.  Even with 1 person in front it will take 2-3 mins to order.  Then its one older lady who takes her sweet old time and ONE guy on the grill with only 3-4 steaks cooking.  So if their is a large order in front of you, youre SCREWED.  Also got fries, no flavor and soggy.  The cheesesteak was sub par at best....ive had better in CALIFORNIA as sad as that is to say.  and to TOP it off....i WATCHED the guy handle my steak roll 3-4 times WITHOUT GLOVES...how nasty is that? I took 2 bites and then imagined his hand all over it and tossed it.  NEVER again for me.  Its funny, in the pics you'll SEE the guy, but he DOES have gloves on that time... watch him next time you're in and hes NOT posing for pics.
It was okay. Kind of bland. Super quick and efficient though if you're on the run. Definitely not the best cheesesteak I've had. I've read that there are others in the market that are better, I had trouble finding them though so I came here. Wish I didn't settle and kept searching. The bread was good though! I'll give them that.
Not really good. Dry., no flavor and blend. NOT RECOMMENDED and the reviews explain it all...
One of many options in the Reading Market for a cheesesteak. One of the better cheesesteaks I've had, my only complaint is the sub was kind of small.  Great service and reasonably priced. Would definitely go back.
Food is not ok. Not the best cheesesteak you can have. It's only a 2 star restaurant. There are other places you can eat in the market.
Spataros is in the market, so not each to get to if you are just driving through.  However, the market is worth the stop anyway.

This place can be very busy at lunch time during the week, and tables can be hard to come by.

All that being said, the cheesesteak was very good.  I liked the bun, and I always appreciate being able to get "whiz" in true Philly fashion.
I'm from Colorado it was visiting Philadelphia this was the first cheesesteak I had the service was great the food was OK however there are other places in Philly that have original cheesesteak!  Della Sandro's would be my recommendation.
When in Philly you should order a cheesesteak - so we did.  For both of us, it was our first philly cheesesteak ever.  If the rest of them are like this, then this will also be my last philly cheesesteak.  The meat was bland.  If you didn't know it was supposed to be beef, it could have easily been confused for vegan meat substitute.  Both my friend and I added the mushrooms (because more must be better).  But the mushrooms had a funky flavor, and looked like they came fresh from a can.  So if you like canned mushrooms, then this flavor might be for you!  The best part was the cheese whiz, which tasted exactly how you would expect cheese whiz to taste.  With so many great places to eat in the Reading Terminal Market, this was an incredible disappointment... but then again, maybe I just don't like cheesesteaks.
The line is a deception. Designed to make it look "popular". The guy cooking was sweating into the food. The lady at the register was rude and the man handing out ketchup packets acted like it was coming out of his pocket. 
The food was bland. We got the cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms and it had very little
flavor to it. We also ordered the cheese fries. They were also bland and soggy. 
I would avoid this place. Save your money for
some decent food.
Eating a Cheesesteak was in the top five things that I had to do while in Philadelphia. Spataro's Cheesesteaks is located in Reading Terminal and was the only cheesesteak place that I could find there. My boyfriend and I were starving, so we opted to eat here. 

The line for Spataro's was about 20 people deep when we came on a Saturday, but the line moved fast. You have to know what  you'd like when you get to order or else the people working will get annoyed with you and possibly ask you to step aside until you decide what you want. 

I ordered a Cheesesteak with mushrooms and onions. It was around $10 and it was a decent size for the price. Did I love it? Not really. Did I hate it? Nope. It was about in the middle. I was really hungry when I ate this cheesesteak, so that may be the reason why I devoured it. My boyfriend said he did enjoy his cheesesteak. 

I may come back here again if I'm ever in the city, but I think I'd try other places first. 

Cheers!
Was headed for Gino's or Pat's for a cheesesteak but came here instead on a friends  recommendation.  Ordered a cheesesteak with wiz and mushrooms. A solid 4 * with a nice portion of meat. Inside the reading market that had plenty of seating but had to wait for a table. Will have to come back to Philly to try Gino and Pats :-)
I went to visit the Reading Terminal Market hoping to find a taste of the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak.  If you are reading this, do yourself a favor and try a different spot.  DO NOT ORDER IT HERE!!! The meat was dry and no flavor.  I had better cheesesteak in Virginia. 

I wasn't there to make friends but the service was awful, from the beginning to the end of my experience there.  The staff that were working on Tuesday the 9th were rude and didn't know how to make a proper Philadelphia cheesesteak.
Terrible! Was so excited for a Philly cheesesteak and this was a huge disappointment. They didn't ask which kind of cheese we wanted and the cheese wasn't even melted. I've had better many other places back home, not the tourist meal I was expecting.
In Philly for a work conference and stopped at the Reading Terminal Market which is next to the Convention Center.  This would be my third and final cheesesteak on the trip as I was flying home later in the day.  I ordered the classic (steak, fried onions and cheese whiz) in each instance so had some basic criteria to make comparisons.  We got there early for lunch and there was no line up.  It is great to watch them cook the steak and onions on a flat top grill right in front of you.  The presentation was ok as was the taste...but I did not like the way the onions were not fully cooked and not caramelized.  Still it was a cheesesteak, and I was happy  and grateful to be eating it.

It was a positive food experience but with so many cheesesteak establishments in the Philly area, I have no plans to return.
Just had lunch here.  I asked for a steak with provolone, lettuce tomato, mayo, onion and hot peppers.  Found a table  and my sandwich was missing the hot peppers completely, the steak was dry and I couldn't find the provolone except for maybe a few crumbs.  My wife ordered a steak and cheese as well but she was satisfied with her sandwich (all different addons)..  I guess I'm pickier.  We also ordered one order of fries and 2 medium sodas.  For a total bill of just under $31 I will not be going back here.
I had some extra time to get something to eat before getting to work so I really wanted to try something at Reading Terminal that isn't $5, but a little under. So this place has egg sandwiches that start at $3ish, so I got the egg and cheese on wheat toasted sliced bread for $3.75 included with tax. Not bad, unless you're comparing to some food cart breakfast sandwiches that might not be using quality bread or actual whole wheat bread. Most carts don't even have that type of bread selection. This is obviously worth it here, as most places I've found in Reading Terminal is $5 and above for a breakfast sandwich that has extra stuff with it, which I don't want. I just wanted a simple egg sandwich, and I'm glad I found just the place that has it! I don't carry cash most times so it's better for me. But of course, it's better for any businesses to pay with cash than with card. I can't wait to eventually try their cheesesteaks and other food though! Until next time.
Go here if you're new to the cheesesteak.  You can go to Geno's too for that tourist feel.  But if you want legit cheesesteak, then Tony Luke's is probably your best bet.  People seem to like Spataro though.  Their line was much longer than Carmen's.

I thought it was ok.  They could have put a little more meat or even onions and peppers for the price I paid.  But for many, this place is a necessity more than a novelty.  With all of the businesses in the area, Spataro can charge a premium price without putting out a premium product.

No longer interested...
DO NOT BUY FOOD from this place! The employees are rude especially the ladies at the register including the owner/manager. There was a hair on my steak sandwich and when we realized we had the wrong cheese On 2 of the order so went back and they accused me of ordering the wrong order and made me pay for a new one. As expensive as they are they should have as a courtesy granted a free one. I have never been to a place where customer service was not their priority. Walt's priority was not making the customer service!
A friend recommended this place. There was a long line that went around the corner! Being in Philly, I wanted to try a true Philly Cheese Steak. I had ordered the Philly Cheese Steak with provolone cheese, mushroom, onions and peppers! I thought the sandwich was very good, hot and juicy. I only wish the Cheese was melted more!
Nasty!  Just disgusting!  So overrated...don't waste your money!  Tourist trap...

I visited Philly for the floral show at the convention center as a work field trip.  My group decided to eat at RTM during the lunchtime rush.  Ugh  

*Advice to all...don't do it!  Especially during lunch hours*

My group decided to eat here...So disappointing!!

First, the staff was so rude.  Just simply, no customer service at all.  Short, curt answers.  No welcome, just a 'What do you want?' attitude as though they're doing me a favor.

Paid for my food ($16 bucks, btw, for a sub, bottle of water, and reg fries), then shuffled along to a side area to get my lunch.  The guys behind the window began to bark orders at everyone *literally screaming while rolling their eyes* to get fries first, then move down.  How were we supposed to know that?  There's no sign or anything to tell customers what to do.  And, you don't have to scream at your paying customers to get us to listen.

The overweight 'chef' then proceeded to touch raw meat, then the cooking utensils, then the sub bread with the SAME gloved hands.  Guess in Philly they've never heard of cross contamination!  Wonder if those gloves had been changed at all, all day?  Hmmm, where's the health department when you need 'em?

The ingredients I wanted on my sub were nonexistent.  It seemed as though the overweight guy was more focused on quantity vs. quality.  Not to mention, he didn't use an ounce of seasoning!  Literally, it was unmelted cheese, meat, and onions (forgot to add my lettuce, mushrooms, and peppers) on a sub roll.  That's it!  Nothing special, no seasoning.  Just a bland cheesesteak, in Philly of all places...the capital of delicious cheesesteaks.  Never again!  Save your money and your time and visit McDs instead.

One star for receiving extra ketchup.
Lowest-ranking cheesesteak in Reading Terminal. Meat dry, cheese not melted, small portion for $10. There are better steaks in the market.
Came here on a business trip so I decided to try the first Philly steak place I saw in the Market. There was a long line so I figured this was a good sign. The staff taking orders have horrible attitudes... horrible. The cooks were efficient, but the grill was real dirty! My sandwich was done in less than 10 min. We sat and ate.... the sandwich was good but the meat had no flavor... none at all and was dry.  Zero seasoning!?? The cheese made up for the meat so it was overall good but not sure I would return. They are better than Pat, Genos & Carmen's.
They go way to quick here. They got my order incorrect twice. The manager was quick to correct the order but one of the people was trying to argue with me that it was right. They need to teach the people that are writing the order to pay more attention or maybe come with a computerized system, that may help them.
Just got back from here and had to post a review/warning. I went here with a friend and we decided to split a cheese steak and an Italian hoagie after hearing how great it was supposed to be.  Save your money the cheese steak was weak at best and I would never get it again. In a city known for cheeses steaks this was pathetic.  The Italian hoagie had good meats in it, which is the only reason this is getting the 2nd star but it was just not packed very well, little skimpy on the meats. The bread was not right either my friend and I could not place it but the bread just didn't taste right.  
This would be an absolute last resort for an Italian hoagie and even then in this city you can walk one block and find an equal sandwich.
This was my first cheesesteak on my 2nd visit to Philly. I had a whiz and mushrooms. It was disappointing.
Cheesesteak good but not great. Cold fries. I hate cold fries. One of my biggest pet peeves. Waste of $$ because I threw them out.  Then I saw the cook spaying the window with windex, which got all over the grill. Not sure how toxic windex  is to eat, but pretty sure it's not healthy.  Will not be returning.
If you are looking for a safe cheesesteak option, I recommend Spataro's to do the job. Otherwise, I am giving this place a 3 star because cheesesteaks here are only slightly above average and the price is slightly higher compared to other good cheesesteak places I have been to.  Enjoy!
This is where you want to go for a Philly cheesesteak! Got it fully loaded sautéed onions pickles, mayo and American cheese and everything was spot on.  The sandwich is a little pricy at 12-13 dollars fully loaded, but worth every penny as the bread, meat, and toppings were so quality
Terrible customer service. Ordered my food with a group of 5 people. Only three items were served when I asked for my food, they refused to believe that I ordered my food with the others. They argued with  me and told me to get back in line to order my food. Even the manager refused to believe me. Finally the man in line behind me vouched for me and they "found" my ticket on the counter that the cashier never put up on the order line. They were extremely rude and disrespectful. Only the cashier apologized. Terrible.
Basic cheesesteak is $9.79, okay to be expected but then $0.75 each topping seemed steep to me considering it's one little scoop of the toppings. So my sub ended up being close to $15. By the time I got it, it wasn't warm which was confusing because how did it just come off the grill but isn't even warm. It was just underwhelming. Probably wouldn't recommend but it was convenient in the market to get it here.
Nope, not the best. Maybe people in Philadelphia just like unflavored, limited cheese cheese steaks. 
I understand as a New Yorker that this place was going to be busy and it was... but the wait is usually worth it! This time it was not. The cheese steak wit , wiz ( with onions and cheese wiz) lacked meat and cheese so basically the bread received the two stars.   Don't bother. Try the other place instead. I like the atmosphere...
so you have to have a cheesesteak when you are in Philly... I never seem to remember this but this time I was in Reading Terminal and STARVING so I stopped by Spataro's

it was ok, nothing impressive but still quite tasty. 

one down side was we were handed a bag for our sandwiches, it had napkins and utensils in it but no straws, when we went back to the counter to ask for straws were instructed "They are in the bag" and then just kinda ignored.
One of the worst cheesesteaks ever. The meat was dry snd overcooked but the sandwich was oozing grease. We've made better at home from frozen.
The cheesesteak meat tasted so bad my whole family threw them out and went right over to Dinic's. Do not eat here!!
Food: Terrible
Service: Worse

This place needs to be closed and moved out of Reading Market. The cook is yelling at the customers and the workers, at the same time as cashier is hollering at customers to move the line. There are better places to eat in the market. Go there instead!
Not bad but not on par with the likes of Tony Luke's, Geno's or Pat's. I ordered one from Spataro's and one from Carmen's. Spataro's was bigger, more flavorful, seasoned better and cheesier than Carmen's... and $1 cheaper. Not a bad stop if your hungry for a cheesesteak in a hurry.
Classic spot but really not the best steak at the Market let alone Philly. Dry, unseasoned meat. On the smaller end of things. I get the appeal for the tourist visiting the Market, but a below average local option.
Honestly, not impressed by the quality of food from this place. The meat was dry, overcooked, cheese was way too salty. This cheesesteak was a disaster.
I decided to eat a super early lunch, and I had a calling for cheesesteak. It only makes sense since I'm in Philly. Now, I can't venture too far from the convention center (work), but Spataro's was super close -- and inside one of the better food markets I've been in.

My cheesesteak was delicious. It probably helped that I got there at 930am, but wow. It was seriously good. The steak was minced perfectly, the peppers and onions were tender, and the provolone cheese was spot on. I realize that may not be a "traditional" cheesesteak but honestly fight me. It was good. I paid $15 for a drink and a sandwich, and I feel like I got my money's worth. I'd come here again.
Blech. Worst cheese steak I had in Philly.  The steak was over-chopped to the point it was like ground beef. Insufficient cheesing resulted in a dry sandwich. I had mushrooms on it, but they added no flavor and had a chewy, yucky texture.

The fries were good and doused in cheese. I had enough left over to dip my sandwich.
$46 for 3 cheesesteaks 2 fries and 2 drinks.  One of the worst cheesesteaks I've ever had.  My dr pib was flat. Fries tasted like they were cooked in old oil.  Everyplace at RTS has a line on the weekend but apparently the ones in their line are just sheep flocking to the only cheesesteak place in the building.  Find something else to eat at a different place.
Don't recall the name of this eatery, but correct address.  Located inside of a massive food market.  Always a line, so get in line early! Whole market area closes up and locks down at 6:00 pm.  Steaks are tender and dripping with juices and cheese.  Very generous on every ingredient, stuffed full!  Hands down, best Philly we had while there and we tried a few!
There are several cheesesteak vendors in Reading Terminal Market, so if I were you, I'd take a pass on this one.   It was pretty dry and there wasn't enough whiz.   The line cook chopped the beef up too fine so it ended up being almost ground beef.
I was with a group of non-Americans the day after a wedding and somehow we made it to Reading Terminal Market for lunch during our visit to Philadelphia. My boyfriend (British) was adamant that he try a "Philly Cheesesteak" before leaving the city. Since we didn't know if we'd have time to hit another good spot later in the day, I agreed we could try one there. Although several places in Reading Terminal sell cheesesteaks, Spataro's seemed the most popular. 
I grew up in south Jersey; Gaetano's is amazing and absolutely beats the Pat's/Geno's nonsense any day. But I had never tried Spataro's so I didn't know what to expect. 
This was perhaps the worst cheesesteak I've ever had-- and my mom used to make Steak-ums! 
There was barely any cheese and it was glued to the bottom of the bread. The entire sandwich was so dry that it almost tasted old even though I had watched them make it. We waited in a super long line and paid a ridiculous amount of money for that junk (most of which my sister opted to donate to someone on the street). It was upsetting- I found myself apologizing to my boyfriend and trying to convince him that this is NOT what Philly Cheesesteaks are about!  
Someone recommended Gooey Louie's? Next time I'll have to try that. Until then, trust me-- go to Gaetano's. How embarrassing, Philadelphia.
Save your money and do not get fries in here! My order came and the fries were soggy. Plain unpleasant flavor. The cheesesteak was awful. It was so dry and the bread was steal too. I waited in line for 15 minutes. There were probably 30 people in line and I thought I was gonna try a great cheesesteak, but it was not the case. Go somewhere else!
An excellent selection of grab and go style sandwiches -- from breakfast variants to lunch/dinner options. It's typically our go to spot for cheesesteaks in the city. Their tots and fries are just fantastic.
We found the place the previous review described, and he is correct, the steaks are perfection. The place is called Spataro's and it is inside the Reading Terminal Market between 11th and 12th on Filbert Street. Go for the Whiz!
I got a steak with provolone and sweet peppers and it was the best cheesesteak I've ever had. Very juicy and great flavors with the peppers. The service was a little slow and chaotic, but not really bad. I'm not sure why all the bad reviews. Would recommend.
