The name Spice C rang music to my ear and I was quickly drawn to this noodle joint out of so many restaurants in Philly Chinatown. Of course, high Yelp rating was a major factor as well.  The exterior was quite nicely done. This red brick corner building was hard to miss, and the white-on-black signage with red accent looked current and hip. There's also a ramp to the side entrance for wheelchairs and strollers.  Commendable, especially in Chinatown.

Seating was quite limited inside the elongated dining area. Tables were small, mostly for seating up to 4 people, but you barely got any elbow space.  In general, the restaurant felt quite cramped.  Ambiance was so so, nothing worth mentioning.

There were 2 wait staff.  Service was mixed. At times they were extremely rude; then all of sudden they'd be ultra-courteous.  Very surreal to say the least. 

The menu was small so it took very little time to make up our mind. For every noodle dish you can choose between hand-pull or shaved noodle. For us, it was a no-brainer - hand-pulled noodle all the way!  We ordered 3 dishes:

House Special (Sliced Beef, Tendon & Brisket) $9.25.  The soup was rather bland.  I would have been better served had I chose the Szechuan Spicy version for $1.50 more.

House Special Stir Fry Noodle $9.25.  The serving size was noticeably small. The taste was un-impressionable. Nothing stood out.

3 Treasure Stir Fry Noodle $9.25.  Ditto the above. Not much different except for the proteins.

And, it was annoying that they accept cash only.  After walking out of the restaurant, I had buyer's remorse as soon as I saw the next restaurant a few doors down: ShangHai 1 -- my next target.
As much as I hate to do it, this review will basically just be a verbal Venn diagram comparing Yummy Lan Zhou to Nan Zhou Hand Drawn a few steps away. It won't be super colorful or even that interesting, but since I know many people are just wondering "Is it better or worse than Nan Zhou??", hopefully it will at least be useful. Broken down into categories:

- Decor: Yummy blows Nan Zhou out of the water on this one. Shiny new table tops AND a chandelier??
- Space: It's weird not having to wait to be seated whilst cramped in a door frame and half your party spilling out on the front steps. Another one to Yummy.
- Menu: While they are very similar (even in their choice of font and layout), Yummy's is a bit more extensive. They include an entire section for "chow hand drawn noodle" (served dry). It lacks the peanut butter noodle of Nan Zhou though, which saddens me slightly.
- Price: More or less the same.
- Service: Both restaurants deliver the food at lightning speed, though without a hint of a friendly smile or a "how is everything going here?" There is no real winner. But then again, this is Chinatown.
- Broth: Hand it over to Nan Zhou. Yummy's broth is good, but not quite as aromatic.
- Meat: Varies from bowl to bowl. I would say Nan Zhou's is generally more tender and less fatty, but the next person might say the opposite.
- Vegetables: Yummy adds a LOT of the sour vegetable and in much larger pieces. This is something I personally like, but I can see why it might be a negative for others.
- Noodles: Gotta admit, they both are damn good at making noodles. I would agree with a previous reviewer that the ones at Yummy are a little less consistent. Slight win for Nan Zhou.
- Chili oil: I personally believe Nan Zhou has the best chili oil in all of Philly Chinatown, so I was pretty disappointed with the bright red, less flavorful, overly oily sauce at Yummy. That's a pretty crucial loss for them. 

I haven't yet had the zha jiang mian at Yummy Lan Zhou, which is one of my most favorite things at Nan Zhou, so until then, the verdict is still out. I wonder if having these two competing hand drawn noodle houses will work to their favor (like when there are two Starbucks on the same corner), or to their ultimate demise (like when there are two mediocre looking men fighting to the death over the affections of a woman neither can have). Only time will tell.
Spice C (Noodles) is a solid choice if you feel the need for well drawn or cut handmade pasta from the Middle Kingdom.  They are all about made to order dishes that highlight the taste, texture and quality of freshly made soups that feature noodles as their base.  Dry dishes are also available, and there is the choice of "normal" or "Szechuan" style bowls if part of your zest for slurp includes a high capzasin quotient. 

We opted for the normal large bowl of Beef Soup with Hand Drawn Noodles with Wonton, their version of Szechuan Spicy Chicken, and Chicken, Pork & Shrimp Spring Rolls.  All three dishes were very good.  The soup was robust with well prepared beef broth and a nest of noodles hidden beneath the tranquil surface.  The thin skinned Wontons floated like pale goldfish.  Each aspect contributed fully to the final product.  Wontons were light and chewy.  The noodles required patience to lift and separate into manageable lengths. 

The Chicken plate was generously endowed with thin sliced meat that was cooked just enough to optimal tenderness, and approaching killer spice levels with a black bean chili sauce.  Plenty of veggies in the mix that had completely absorbed their surroundings.  So much pleasurable heat that we ordered another one to take home.  The Spring Rolls were loaded with filling and fried in clean cooking oil that had no leftover taste other than these ingredients.  

Spice C is worth a visit (or two) if you are looking for a soup oriented meal with a Chengdu flair.
I usually come here for the beef noodle soup but recently tried their spicy Szechuan bowl aka Mala Tang and it was surprisingly delicious and PERFECT for the brisk weather. 

This is a traditional big spicy brothy dish for two, packed with flavor. There are two main options - beef and seafood. We got the beef bowl, which had tripe, brisket, tendon, some other beef things and veggies. We also added intestines and extra tripe for $3 each. It doesn't come with rice or noodles but you can add 1 serving of noodles for $2 (which was what we did) or get rice on the side. The  taste was spot on delicious, but the portion wouldn't have been filling for two without all of the additions. 

Definitely something to try, but I recommend adding noodles and maybe a side dish to make sure you're not left just short of being satisfied!
I came in to try the spicy noodle soup as recommended by a friend and it was delicious! This was the first time I had freshly shaved noodles and let me tell you, if you've never had freshly made noodles you've been missing out. It does not compare to other noodle soup places that serve pre-made noodles. I got the house special with mild spice and it was just the right amount of heat and flavor to enjoy the dish.

This is a cash only place, but an ATM is available and located at the entrance of the restaurant. Also, don't expect the best customer service. They're a small and really busy place with what looked like 2 or 3 servers working the floor. Apart from that, it was a good food(ie) experience overall.
On a cold 40 deg Autumn day, we wandered around Chinatown and into Spice C to get ourselves warmed up.  Their big bowls of noodle soups did the trick.  It wasn't that busy with a few open tables around noon.  It's pretty cool that there's a big tub of pickled vegetables on every table with a mini tub of hot chili oil and Sriracha sauce.  We ordered Pork Spare Rib and the House Special Beef noodle soups, both with hand drawn (pulled) noodles.  Knife shaved noodles was the other option, but I like the texture of hand drawn because the extra working/pulling of the dough gives the noodle that nice chewiness when you bite into it.

Our big bowls arrived steaming and we dived in.  Soon we were among all the other patrons with our faces planted in our bowls with glasses steaming up and joined in making slurping noises heard throughout the restaurant.  We also ordered a plate of stir fried Chinese broccoli which was drenched in garlic (a good thing), coming up for air and a stalk of broccoli and diving back into the noodle bowl.  I loved the flavor of the broth and the chunks of stewed beef flanken, tendon and tripe.   I was both satisfied and disappointed when I soon made it to the bottom of the bowl.  Tempting as it was to order another, that would have to wait for a return trip as I sloshed out of there.
I was attending a funeral in Chinatown and afterwards I was hungry and walking around looking for a different place to eat. I settled on YLZHDNH Because I love noodles.  The restaurant was nice and clean and at the back of the restaurant there was a man standing in the window twisting a long string of pasta dough and slamming it onto the table with a loud bang. Twist bang twist bang! He went on and on untill the pasta was ready for cooking.
 I ordered the pork soy soup with shaved noodles and a crispy eggroll on the side. Everything was tasty especially the hand drawn noodles.  They were perfectly cook firm yet smooth and silky. It was truly wonderful to experience the true origin of pasta. Having it freshly made like this makes all the difference!
I ordered the house special beef noodle soup with hand drawn noodles.

If I'm craving noodles, I usually come here because I know:

The broth is rich and flavorful. It is NOT salty unlike other restaurants which leave you thirsty and bloated. I'd drink this as a normal soup if I could. 

The meat portions are quite generous and satisfying. 

The noodles are plentiful so when it's soaked in the broth, you get a firm yet spongy texture from the noodles and a mouthful of flavor.

The service is quick (about 5 minutes for my order but not sure if this is good or bad???)

The extra pickled vegetable on the table adds a nice crunch and tartness that blends extremely well with the soup.

The chili oil isn't like the leftover old chili oil that dim sum restaurants serve. It has a smoky and savory flavor that gives a kick, leaving you wanting more.
Meh this place has so much to work on. Despite it looks pretty good inside and out compare to the rest of the restaurants/shops in Chinatown, both service and food quality just lower the entire bar. 

To begin with, the server took our order wrong. I ordered the shaved noodles (the thicker ones) in the "beef mix" regular soup based bowl, and my friend ordered the hand drawn noodles (the thin ones) in the "Double love" spicy based soup bowl.

Based on the menu:
Beef Mix: meanly beef tripe & stomach + few sliced beef and tendon
Double Love: beef brisket + sliced beef

When we got our noodles, my bowl turns out to be the spicy bowl with "Double love" with hand drawn noodles , and my friend's bowl was the non-spicy/regular souped bowl with "Beef Mix" with shaved noodles... I just wasn't even the mood for spicy, and I just wanted to have my beef tripes! When I talked to the server, the lady blamed me that I didn't express it clearly instead of changing food for us...Oh man I didn't even speak English in the restaurant. I was speaking Mandarin the entire time, and my friend was Chinese himself. How on earth that we didn't explain well when we were ordering our food? In addition to the wrong order, one of the other servers just took away/grab one of the chairs at our table without saying anything. I got it if someone from other tables were just trying to use the chair, but weren't you suppose to say anything? What if we had something on the chair? POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE SIGH

In term of the food, my non spicy soup bowl taste very average because the broth taste like Msg based broth. The hand drawn noodles (the thin noodles) are luckily fully cooke... On the other hand, my friend who ate my ordered shaved noodles, the thick ones, just couldn't finish his food because the shaved noodles were under cooked. They were super thick and hard to chew. Feel free to check the picture I attached below. By the way, there weren't that much amount of meat in the spicy bowl shown in the picture. Simply because I wasn't interested in the "Double Love" in my bowl and gave the beef brisket/sliced beef to my friend... Moreover, the spicy soup was charged $1.5 extra when there were chili oil, chili pepper, and Sriracha on the table. Well they claim the spicy broth is Szechuan flavored spicy broth... bummer...

Anyways, bad customer service and average noodles here. We'll see how everything goes.
It's the battle of mythical proportions.  The Chinatown noodle house showdown. 

Though similar in name, Lan Zhou and Nan Zhou are not the same.  Where to start?  Let's go with service.  We walked into the restaurant and stood at the entrance waiting to be seated.  When it looked like the staff wasn't paying any attention to us, we went ahead and sat ourselves.  When it looked like we were still being ignored, I went up and grabbed menus from the register for ourselves.  Finally, when it looked like we weren't go to get our orders taken, I flagged down one of the waitresses and told her we were ready.  Nan Zhou is like the New Jersey of gas stations - full service, and Lan Zhou is like other states - no service.

Because I wanted to compare Lan to Nan, I ordered what I normally order at Nan - fish ball soup.  The fish balls and broth here tasted very similar to those at Nan, so no differences there.  The noodles on the other hand appeared to have been sitting somewhere, cooked, for quite a while.  They were stuck together and I had to use both my chopsticks and spoon to pull them apart - that is, unless I wanted to eat them like they were lasagna.

Since both Lan's food and service were not on par with those at Nan (pricing is similar at both places), I will be returning to Nan and saying goodbye to Lan.
I love this place.. It's my new spot.. Everything was fresh and tasy and hot. The staff was courteous
Of all the Nanzhou style noodles in the area, Spice C is definitely my favorite. The hand shaved noodles in the regular beef broth is to die for, with the noodles perfectly chewy and the broth bursting with flavor and ingredients. The last time I visited, I bought orders to-go and was pleasantly surprised to find the noodles and soup neatly packed in separate containers. I re-heated my noodles a few days later and everything still tasted absolutely delicious. The restaurant itself also is aesthetically nicer and has better service than its competitors. 

Cash only!
My colleague and I decided to have lunch.. And we were thinking of something we haven't tried yet, he suggested hand drawn noodles.. Glad we found this place! It didn't disappointment! Prices were great and the portions are big! Great customer service, manager was there taking orders and helping out which was a plus! She really cares about the customer service..

We got the chicken wings with thai sauce and that was really crispy and flavorful, I had to add some siracha because I want it a little spicy.  I got the Beef noodle and added wontons, it didn't disappointment.. I've tried a lot of noodles all my life and this is different.. The aroma itself is amazing.. The hand drawn noodle is perfect! There's a mushroom that they put and that was delicious! I'll definitely try different dish nextime.

A few tips:

1. They have Chinese pickles on the table, when I was about to take some my colleague saw from another table that the they were using there own chopsticks....... Oh boy. I suggest to management to take that vegetable out of the table and just offer it when customer is waiting for their food.

2. They asked if we want our broth spicy we said yes.. But we didn't know it cost a little more.. It taste great so I'm not really bashing but just a suggestion, notify the customer it's a little extra.


Will be coming back to try more dishes
A rare thing it is to find a well made noodle, and Lan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House is indeed a flawless diamond in a sea of coal. Being northern Chinese I have a very strong opinion of hand drawn noodles, and the ultimate test was the thick noodles with Lamb. When done correctly, it is near impossible to screw up the lesser degree of difficulty of thin noodles with duck and easier dishes. To explain that statement one only needs to remember the difficulty in maintaining the texture and structure of a thick noodle, while containing the essence of a lamb broth without overpowering one with a gamy feel. 

To this end, Lan Zhou did not disappoint. The noodle was firm, and provided that xian flavor that all good broth has. The ambiance is what one would expect in a row style restaurant in the middle of Chinatown, and is homely yet immediately transported back in to a restaurant in Beijing. The only reason I have not given this place a 5 star is the pig ear/intestine/tripe combo, as it did not have enough seasoning. Otherwise a great place for any in Chinatown.
I came for one thing: the noodles, but I left with so much more... all in one bowl! The pork dumpling soup with hand shaved noodles and spicy Szechuan broth was everything! The noodles were soft and chewy, the pork dumplings had a flavor that I still can't pinpoint, but was absolutely unique and delicious. The broth was spicy, sour, and perfectly balanced, and rounding out the huge bowl was baby bok choy, which contrasted the richness of every other element of the dish. No extra flavoring was needed, and it was big enough that I had plenty to bring home (i eat a lot, so this is saying something). The staff was very friendly and the prices extremely reasonable.
Cash only small hand made  noodle. Good price.
Good flavor and large portion. Thick broth
Eh, I expected better. You'd think that Lan Zhou would play on Nan Zhou's weaknesses and beat it out for the top spot. The decor and atmosphere are steps ahead of the latter. The employees even have logo t-shirts. Yet, there's still something missing- a good broth. The noodles were very fresh, but the broth was oily and bland. Albeit covered with gristle like fat, the sliced beef I had was tasty. Someone from before mentioned that the noodles were uneven. In my case (take-out) they were fairly consistent, with an irregularity here and there.

I'd give the place a solid 2.5. Nan Zhou's soup base has a tad more flavor to it. Will come back in a few months to give it another try.
Yummy Lan Zhou is great! I've been there twice and tried the zha jiang mian, hand-drawn noodle soup, dumplings, and tea egg. I was impressed by all of the above. The noodle soup had a particularly memorable broth. Entrees are priced between $4.50 and $7.00. The decor is decent, as the place just opened in June 2011.
So I came here based on yelp recommendations.  The place is small and we had to share a large table with another party which wasn't great.  We were in a great time crunch and couldn't wait for a single table for 2.

I got the house special braised beef noodle soup.  I chose the hand tossed noodles.  Boy what a disappointment. The broth was very bland. The meat was fatty grizzly and hard to chew.  The sesame hot oil sauce helped it a lot.  The drunken noodles were better but not really a wow dish.

Overall I was disappointed esp as the soup was what hey were known for.  IMHO the braised beef soup at Shanghai One is much better in taste and pricing.  Would prob not return here again.
About every 4-5 weeks we (my wife, daughter & myself) head over to China Town for haircuts, dinner and dessert. We try to spread the love around for dinner, but we do have our favorites; Dim Sum Garden, Rangoon, Shanhgai#1, Terakawa Ramen, but on this night we chose something new and Spice C.

The space itself is pleasant, new and clean. Upon entering, we were shown the cash only sign. Good to know as I hate washing dishes. We ordered:
- Hand made fried pork dumplings 
- House special(beef, brisket & tendon hand drawn noodles
- Singapore rice noodle 
The pork dumplings were really tasty and I would absolutely order this dish again. The meat was moist and packed with flavors. The hand drawn noodle dish was also very good and both the brisket and the broth had deep, developed favors. The Singapore noodles were not our favorite. The taste was not bad but just not what we are accustomed to for this dish.

Service was good but only sort of friendly in that China Town all business style. That was fine with us as it gave us more time to concentrate on our dishes. Pricing is in line for China Town and reasonable.

3.5-4 Stars for Spice C. Definitely order the dumplings. Small deduction for the cash only.
The name and logo looks awfully similar to a restaurant just down the street.... I'd give this place a 3.5

Yup, it's another hand drawn noodle place NOT to be confused with Nan Zhou. We thought we'd give this a try and see how it compares with Nan Zhou. Prices look similar and so did the beef noodle soup that came out. I got the sliced beef one, which I also normally get at Nan Zhou. 

The Noodles: you could definitely tell it was hand drawn since they were so different in size. It was strange how my noodles differed in diameter dramatically compared to my dinner dates'. I also found them to be extra tangled. I appreciate that it's homemade and good but I still think it should be more uniform. Also, they really do give you A LOT of noodles!

The Soup: It was good but it just lacked the depth that Nan Zhou's soup has. I also found that it left a greasy film on the lips and I had to constantly wipe them with a napkin.  

The Meat: It was tasty and soft, I'd say better than Nan Zhou. My friend who got the beef brisket, felt like there was too much fat in his and the Nan Zhou one was better. 

Overall, not bad. And if that was the only one around, I'd eat it again. However, since it is a copy cat, I'd still rather go to the original.
My gf and I were wandering around Chinatown as Reading Terminal Market was closed for some reason. We stumbled upon this restaurant and it was definitely a great find.

We got the Stir Fry Chinese Broccoli to start. You can't go wrong with some Chinese veggies stir fried. For entree, we split a bowl of hand drawn noodles. We got The Bomb which contained beef, brisket, tripe, stomach, and tendon. We got it mild spicy which added some flavor to it. We were definitely satisfied and bloated after everything was consumed. The hand pulled noodles needed to be cut with scissors because they're hand pulled (logic at its finest). At least you know it's legit.

The only downside is that they're cash only. They do have an ATM right by the door. Other than that, this is a gem.
SO GOOD. This is perfect for those freezing cold Philly days! I love getting the shaved noodles because they're thicker and chewier. The broth is wonderfully flavorful and they give an abundance of noodles and meat. The waiters are friendly and attentive as well, and it's convenient that you can pay separately when you take the ticket up to the counter. No need to figure out all the individual amounts.
This was quite a nice surprise. Stopped in for lunch because the place we planned to go to was closed- lucky for us. We started with wontons soup my husband got the spicy one. Perfect spice level and very flavorful- would highly recommend. All of our dishes were perfectly executed. This is a cash only place so just be aware (this is not unusual for philly restaurants). Service was attentive but a little short (again not unusual for the area). It is on my list for a return visit for sure. Go on try it! You know you've wanted to go so just do it!
This has turned into my go to for soup during soup season. I swear Spice C's Sezchuan style spicy broth has healing powers. They do claim this on the menu as they add herbs to help with certain ailments.  I've been able to combat multiple colds...and hangovers with their soup. 

I usually get the medium spice level for the spicy soup and it definitely has some serious heat. The hand drawn noodles are a must but sometimes I do go for the shaved. I always try to sit facing the kitchen because it's mesmerizing watching the chefs pull the noodles at the window!  

Another go to of ours is the famous pork dumplings; fried or steamed. If I'm being "healthy" I go with the steamed but the fried is sooo good. 

I've had a couple of the noodles dishes but the only one that stuck out to me is the spicy pork soy sauce Sezchuan style.
I like this place because its cheap and the food's not bad. I had the minced pork with hand drawn noodles.  6.50 for dinner? I'm in.
We usually go to Nan Zhou to get  Handdrawn Noodle. But my friend suggested us to try Spice C. We went ahead for dinner last night (Sunday night). The place was packed even though no queue. Don't forget this is a CASH ONLY restaurant. We ordered:

Fish Noodle Soup $9.95 - it was good but not mind blowing. We got it with beef soup base, so it's completely mild. If you want some kicks, you need to pay $1.50 extra for the Sichuan style, which basically adding hot oil to it. 

Noodle with Pork Soy Sauce $7.95 - for this dry version noodle, we got it Sichuan style (you pay $1.00 more than the regular style). This dish is better than the soupy one, even though I think the one at Nan Zhou tastes better. But the Noodle Pork here is considered good. 

My friend ordered the Treasured Fried Noodles $9.95 - this dish is delicious, but the portion is super small. My friend said it used to be bigger. Not enough for sharing at all.
Competitors to Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodles down the block. The prices here are higher but proportional to its larger portions. The wait staff was friendly and efficient, even with the place packed on a Friday evening.

I went with the beef tendon and hand drawn noodles with an order of eggplant. Tendon was a little tough, but otherwise everything was good. Hot beefy broth and noodles on a chilly fall evening to end the work week... it doesn't get much better than this.
5 words or less: warm noods, fast, cash*, BYOB**

One of the first places I tried when I moved to Philly last year and I've been coming ever since. Regardless of how big the party has been (as many as 6, as few as myself), the food came out within 10 minutes (sometimes as fast as literally 2 minutes after ordering). The servers have been attentive and on top of their game with respect to checking in, refilling beverages, etc. The House Special beef noodle soup is my go-to and it's perfect, especially around this time of year. Honorable mentions are the Ma Po Tofu, 3 Treasures / House Special stir fry noodle, and Eggplant w. garlic sauce. Simply put, the staff is a well-oiled machine, and they have a solid playlist.

* cash only, but they have an ATM right by the front door
** there's a Fine Wine & Good Spirits about 5 minutes (walking) from the restaurant, should you want to enjoy some wine with your food
Once you've tasted hand-drawn noodles, you'll never want any other noodles. This is my favorite comfort food, especially when I'm sick and need a warm soup that can also help to clear my sinuses. And the best part is that they give very hearty portions so I usually have enough left to save for a second meal.

I say their soup is the way to go. It just tastes SO good. I've had several variations and my usuals will either be the 3 Treasures, wonton (you can never go wrong with wonton noodle soup), or the chicken with mixed vegetables. Sometimes I get the fried fish balls and add them to my soup. Not sure if that's looked down upon, but I love fried fish balls and I think it tastes good together. Their dry hand-drawn noodles still taste good, but the overall dishes are nothing to rave about. I really expected more after having the soup.

The one thing I don't like from here is the fried egg add-on. I tried adding it to my soup once because who doesn't love egg in their soup? But it was way too overdone. 

In terms of spiciness, I will say, if you aren't accustomed to eating spicy food all the time, then going Mild is more than enough for you. Mild heat is usually what I get when I'm sick because I don't want to push my stomach too much. Even with the mild, my lips start to feel the burn halfway into my meal. I find it bearable, but I've known it to be rough on others who don't eat spicy food often. So do what you will with that information.
My friends and I randomly wandered into Spice C after spending a nice afternoon at the South Street Spring Festival. I don't think any of us had any real expectations set for this place aside from the general quick, easy and cheap meal you'd find in Chinatown. 

Man, were we surprised! They had a fantastic offering of hand drawn & shaved noodles with either a clear broth or a szechuan broth - both broths were super flavorful. In general, for around $7-$8 bucks, you get a huge bowl filled with a ridiculously generous amount of noodles and toppings. There's also unlimited pickled mustard greens for you to add to your noodles, for free! Usually whenever I get noodles or any meal I have a tendency of "inhaling" the food...one minute the food arrives, the next minute it's all in my belly. But with Spice C's noodle bowls, I couldn't believe the noodle:topping:broth ratio. 

If you're into spicy foods, I'd recommend getting their szechuan broth in the hottest level. My fave noodle so far is the Tripe Shaved Noodles in Szechuan Broth. I liked the shaved noodles moreso than the handdrawn...the shaved noodles has more of a chewy consistency as compared to the handdrawn but you can't go wrong either way.

We liked this place so much that we came back for lunch the following day right after the Broad Street Run. Nothing like some noodles and firey hot broth in your belly after a 10 miler (according to my husband cause I clearly didn't run :-P).
Here comes the hand drawn noodle war! I prefer this place to Nan Zhou around the corner for a few reasons.

The noodles are pretty comparable between the two. In both restaurants, the noodles are freshly hand made, hand pulled, or shaved. Freshly made noodles are delicious.

The difference here is that the broth that accompany the noodles is more rich, more developed in flavor. This is the broth I'm more used to. The braised beef is nice and tender, and the marinated egg is a milk chocolatey brown, a sign that they've been stewing for awhile. 

I love the noodles with pork soy sauce here, the fresh lettuce balances out the salty, briny, pork, which sits on the bed of chewy house made noodles. Definitely a must have. 

The marinated pig ears here are spicy and you get a pretty big portion of them. I usually have to take some home as an appetizer another day.

The pickled vegetables here are decent, although something about the pickling liquid tastes a little off. Perhaps they haven't been completely pickled long enough.

Both of the hand drawn noodle restaurants in Chinatown are pretty good, and in all honesty, comparable. I personally prefer this one, but I would suggest that you try both and form your own opinion. Then Yelp about it.
Can't believe all the negative reviews.. This restaurant is by far the most delicious noodle place ever! I didn't expect to be this good! Especially the soup are great, and the dumplings are AMAZING! Including the beef noodle soup is my fav!
I am going back every week to get it. 
These are all the definitely must haves.
Highly recommended!!

Oh and yummy noodle is really clean too, compare to the one I had last time from race street. Food are pretty good, but the race street one isn't that clean..
I prefer Nan Zhou around the corner.  

I got the hand drawn noodles sauteed with pig ears.  The noodles were a bit bland and the pigs ears weren't as good as the ones from Nan Zhou.  I can't exactly pinpoint what it was though...  The noodles also came with a clear broth.  I wasn't sure what to do with that....have it as a soup?  Pour it over the noodles?  The broth wasn't that flavorful either.  

The service was decent, and the food was cheap.  The interior is also a lot nicer than Nan Zhou, but I hear they're expanding soon so that will be interesting to see.  I think next time for hand drawn noodles, I will stick to Nan Zhou.
Spice C  is my favorite  Chinese restaurant, When I go to Chinatown with my friends, We always recommend this place to my friends, Because their hand drawn noodle soup and shaved noodle soup are so delicious, and they have the pickles on the each table that you can add to your soup, They have a bunch of appetizers, I like Marinated beef intestine ,fried Calamari, and seaweed Salad, so so delicious.

This place is a small restaurant, But their business is kind of busy, They also have delivery service, Sometimes in the rush hour, Customer need to wait in line to be seated, and their price is  inexpensive.

When I go to Chinatown next time, I definitely be back.
I have always been a big fan of the famous Nanzhou hand drawn noodles in Philadelphia's Chinatown.  After hearing about Spice C, I decided to try it out to compare.

SpiceC is slightly more expensive than Nanzhou, especially if you want the spicy sichuan broth. Portion sizes are also a bit smaller.  However, as someone who loves spicy foods and pickled veggies, SpiceC really hit the spot.  Broth was very flavorful and had the perfect blend of spices, noodles were a little thinner than that of Nanzhou, meat was the same.  There is also a clear bucket of delicious pickled veggies provided at every table that pairs well with the noodle broth, which is free and all you can eat.
It is funny how our perception on food depends on our previous experience. If I never have the noodle at Nan Zhou, I would say this is really good. But since I had the noodle at Nan Zhou, this really does not impress me. Here is the comparison

Soup, NZ has a tastier soup which get more flavorful as your meal goes on. LZ soup is on the lighter side and stays the same
Meat, we only have Lamb at LZ. NZ is more tender and spicy. I don't mean hot, I mean they used more or different spices to simmer the meat.
Noodle, the noodle at LZ is mussy and definitely not chewy, the shaved noodle is comparable.  
Pot sticker, I like
Cleanliness, LZ looks spotless and shinny. To some it is important, to me not so much. As long as the food is good, I will go. 

The jar of pickle vegie on the table. Since I love that stuff  I thought now I can put globs and globs of it in my noodle. It turns out the amount I put in my soup is just about the same as they put in at NZ. Go figures.
Get the house special noodle soup!  I love their shaved noodles.  Tastes so fresh and the thickness and chewiness is spot on.  Portions are big.  Usually lasts me 2 meals, granted I'm on the smaller side.  If you order to go, they'll package the soup and noodles separately so your noodles won't get soggy.
Best hand drawn noodle soup in Philly - absolutely no contest. The noodles are stretched evenly to the perfect chewy consistency. The Sichuan broth is numbing, spicy, savory, and just a touch sour as it should be. The pickled veggies on the table are perfection - I practically dump the whole container into my bowl each time. The serving size is way too big, but that's okay because the soup heats up nicely and tastes even better the next day. 

My one complaint is that you are not allowed to customize your toppings. The pre-chosen combinations are just not vast enough to please every eater. In this respect, Spice C should really take a tip from pho restaurants, where you can pretty much get any combination of toppings imaginable.

When snow hits and those soup cravings start to get you, consider Spice C. There's not much that could warm you better than a hot bowl of spicy soup. Your taste buds will thank you.
Like Enid C., I'm comparing Lan and Nan here.  And Lan takes it for me.  This comparison is based strictly on the veggie noodle soup, and Lan adds TONS of veggies, whereas Nan adds basically none (other than the green leaves that come in every soup).  I thought service was also more attentive at Lan.  My coworkers and I came by for lunch one day.  We thought we were headed for Nan, but Lan saw us first.  I'm glad it did.
We stopped in for lunch today after seeing it on our way to the grocery store and Tasty Place for takeout due to sheer curiosity. The food was pretty meh. We had the steamed dumplings, which were just passable and the fried tofu skewers, which was okay but the skin was not as crispy as it could have been.  The shrimp with broccoli lunch special was very salty, greasy and had a very thick oily sauce. It also only came with 4 shrimp. The only nice aspect was that the rice was a nice sticky jasmine, which I did like. The house special noodle soup with the hand pulled noodles was okay but the noodles themselves are not as amazing as Lan zhou's which have a better, chewer texture. The broth was okay and the fried egg was a nice touch although I prefer a semi cooked yolk and this was a very well done. The service was not very good. Our server was very spacey and did not even know the menu well. Meaning he didn't know the difference between a combination plate and an entree size. Or that the steamed dumplings are meat only. We also had to ask twice for takeout containers and our check - all from the same waitress. It's okay I suppose if you are just looking for a passable bite but make sure that you also have plenty of patience.  We waited a long time for our food.
Give me all the noods at Spice C. The restaurant is in the middle of Chinatown and a good enough size that it isn't too small and cramped. I haven't strayed far away from the hand drawn noodles but I like mixing up the meats. All my choices: special beef, pork rib, and wonton, have been big hits. The Szhechuan Spicy is definitely worth the extra money (treat yo self) and I appreciate that the pickled mustard greens are right at the table for you to add as much as you desire. The broth is always well balanced and not too salty. The noodles are plentiful with a good amount of chew (they do soften as you eat but never get mushy). The meats are tender and flavorful and complement everything well.

I've ordered the cucumber side dish as a nice cool contrast to the hot noodle soup and also the szechuan wings. The wings are flavorful and have the addicting numbing affect but are a tad oily (unavoidable when the main flavoring is pepper oil).

Overall, I gladly call Spice C a dependable regular and also happily take any visitors. Be warned, CASH ONLY or pay the hefty ATM fee to the ATM in front.
I actually returned because Terry C. mentioned that the Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien) was better here than it was at Nan Zhou. I really like the Nan Zhou one so I decided to come back here to give this same dish a try. I have to agree that I prefer this one to Nan Zhou's since it has a bit more the fermented bean flavor. They also give a hefty portion (though not quite as much as Nan Zhou) and their noodle this time was surprisingly uniform and delicious.

In short... Nan Zhou = beef noodle soup, Lan Zhou = ja jiang mien
This is a noodle place that is located right across the Heng Fa Supermarket. It specializes in hand drawn noodles, so I recommend ordering one of their dishes that had hand drawn noodles. I thought they were a little over ambitious in spicy flavorings of their pad thai, but their hand drawn noodles were solid. It's a 3.5 star rating for me. 

What we ordered

We ordered a pad thai and their 3 treasures hand drawn noodles. The pad thai was a little too over flavored- spicy with a big salty punch and there was sweetness. Definitely drink some water down if you're ordering this dish. I thought their 3 treasures hand drawn noodle was better flavored. It is not complex like the pad thai with its ambitious balance of sweet, salty, spicy, and umami. It's a delicate balance between delicious and overspiced and in this case, I guess it's why this place is called "Spice C", this is a little overspiced. 

The 3 treasures noodle was chewy and had a more clean flavor- flavorful, oily, and salty but none of the sweetness and spiciness that other dishes had. Definitely a good pick for someone who's not into complex flavors and wanted to try out a pan fried hand drawn noodle dish here in Philly Chinatown. 9.99$ for both dishes was a fair price - following in line with the other restaurants around with comparable fares, quality, and price. 

Service- Service was a little ghost like. We had to ask for our hot water a couple of times before flagging down another waiter to help us out. They are attentive when they seat you, but kind of ghost on you afterwards.
LOVE everything about this place!
from noodle to dishes, very authentic and so much flavors and choices... 

the history of Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle is so interesting. I would recomand for everyone to try every dish!

fast for take out, great lunch, dinner, or meeting spot, you will see a mixture of Chinese, American and other people to dine in, so that should said enough about the place :)
There's two hand drawn noodle places in Philly chinatown, Nan Zhou which was there first before they expanded and moved to a bigger space and Lan Zhou which opened later. It's hard to pick between Nan Zhou and Lan Zhou. Each has it's strengths and weaknesses. I'm just going to leave the same review for both places as a comparison.

The menus at both places are very similar. The noodle soup at Nan Zhou is hands down better than that at Lan Zhou. The soup flavor is good almost like pho. The meat quality is about the same. I like the pickled vegetables at Nan Zhou way better. The ones at Lan Zhou is sorta off and not like traditional pickled vegetables at all although you can help yourself from the tub. 

For everything else other than the noodle soups, Lan Zhou is considerably better. Their dumplings taste better, their grilled lamb kabobs taste better (the ones at Nan Zhou were like soggy meatballs), their aromatic mixed platters also better (the vinegar soy sauce at Nan Zhou's is one dimensional and needs a little more sugar). I think generally the saucey foods at Lan Zhou is SLIGHTLY more sugar heavy which adds better flavor. I got stir fried noodles at Nan Zhou and it was just cabbage, salt, oil, protein, and noodles. Very bland! Lan Zhou does sauces better so I recommend them for stirfry and non soup foods. If you're looking for a more well rounded noodle house, go to Lan Zhou. 

Nan Zhou is the more well known one since it's the original. Sometimes Nan Zhou can get really packed and they'll sit you down at a big table with complete strangers. This has never happened to me at Lan Zhou. I like the wait staff at Lan Zhou better as they are more attentive and some of them speak better english were as at Nan Zhou. The wait staff at Nan Zhou all have this no frills right down to business always in a hurry attitude. They seemed to just get you your order and never walk by again. Usually on noodle houses it doesn't in terms of service as you are just grabbing a quick meal, pay at the register and leave. The atmosphere at Lan Zhou is definitely more relaxed though and the wait staff isn't in such a big hurry so you can get their attention more easily on case you do need some thing.

I would still give both restaurants equal ratings because the noodle soups at Nan Zhou is just that much better than that at Lan Zhou. The soup at Lan Zhau tastes more like water and less like beef stock. Noodle quality at both is the same.
Yummy's ox-tail soup with hand drawn noodles just wasn't yummy enough for me.  Those were the smallest, toughest mother-f-in ox-tails I've ever eaten.
I have tried a number of noodle places in chinatown and this is my favorite. I really do feel that this place is underrated. Even though the Nanzhou hand drawn noodles down the street have a higher rating, this is the superior noodle restaurant. The noodles from both restaurants are pretty similar. In my opinion though, The noodle soup with the spices added makes the flavor so much better than the other noodle houses in chinatown. This has become my go-to restaurant for beef noodle soup in philly.

I haven't really tried too much other than the noodle soups other than the dumplings (which is pretty decent too) but if they keep up their delicious noodle soups, I will keep on returning/
So in my own version of Philly Chinatown: Battle Noodle Soup, I think the winner is Spice C. I think this was better than Nan Zhou and worth the extra money.

The hand drawn house special beef noodle soup with a Szechuan broth (medium spicy) was the best bowl of noodles I've had in a long time. There was a ton of meat: beef tendon and meat. The broth was very savory and layered in spices and umami. The house made pickles were really great to cut through some of the oil of the broth and meat and authentic to beef noodle soups in Asia. All in all this was only about $10.50 or so before tip. I went on a Monday night around 7:30pm and didn't have to wait at all. 

Seriously the BEST noodle soup I've had in a long while. 

Other Yelp reviews noted that the staff didn't warn diners about the charge for the broth, but this was not the case for me. I was kindly notified and appreciated it.
I've been here 3 times. The soup was great but hand drawn noodle was fine, it was too much for my little belly. :) 
But they have the eggplant with garlic sauce so good, you guys can eat that with rice (will be charged $1 for 1 small bowl of rice). :| 

Everything will be fine until we talk about service. The worker was weird. Last time my bill was $97, I went straight to the cashier to pay, the lady she took my money and she didn't want to give me $3 back, she just turned around to pretend to watch magazines or something until I asked her "where is my change?"

Is that normal? I'm not a person who pretend to forget the tip. When I go back to my table I will give them the money for their service. 
So weird!
Good food, reasonably priced with fast service. The fried dumplings are soooo good. Always fresh, hot, crispy and complemented by the cool flavors of the dipping sauce. But the main attraction is the hand drawn noodle soups. The medium spicy versions are seasoned to perfection, and the broths are deep and flavorful. My favorite is the tendon, and you get your money's worth in portion size. Haven't had a miss here yet.
I wish I had checked out yelp before deciding to come to this spot.  The Philadelphia Chinatown area has a few hand drawn noodle restaurants.  This one might not have been the best choice for me.

The noodles had good texture, but the flavor of the dish was pretty bland.  It needed more salt, and I'm the type of person that does not like food super salty...so if I'm asking for more salt, I can't imagine how it would have tasted to someone who needs their food sodium filled.

The restaurant gets three stars because the price was somewhat affordable, and they were SUPER FAST at getting the food out to me. Hopefully I'm wrong, and maybe the seafood hand drawn noodles was the wrong dish to order. I wont be in the area to try another dish, but just this is just an FYI to all you other yelpers out there....
Spice C is my go to place for Lanzhou style hand-drawn (or hand-pulled) noodles and shaved noodles, both of which are famous for the chewy texture.

In future, I will choose the regular broth rather than the spicy (Sichuan) broth here. The spicy (Sichuan) broth is okay, but not spicy/aromatic/authentic enough from a real Sichuanese' point of view. It's not worth it to pay extra $2 for some not-so-authentic spicy broth.


TIP: This place is cash only.
I love this place!! Get the pork soy sauce over hand drawn noodles. Be prepared for a spicy dining experience. Wish this place was closer than Philly but also glad that it's not. I would probably eat here 4 nights a week!!
The food is excellent and flavorful. Ambience it does not have, but it's got very attractive prices, addictive food, and an accommodating menu for vegans. Got the stir fry Chinese broccoli with garlic, vegetarian stir fry hand-pulled noodles, and curry vegetarian noodles. Yea yea yea service is not the best. And it doesn't look super pretty inside. 

Whatever. Food is excellent.
Finally tried this place after years of staying loyal to Nan Zhou Hand Dawn Noodles. I got the beef brisket noodle soup with the spicy broth. Honestly the broth flavor is probably one of the best I've had and I love the slight numbing spice. The noodles were good too, but I think Nan Zhou slightly takes the edge on that. The beef brisket itself was flavorful but most pieces were a little too fatty for my personal preference.

Overall I'd definitely come back, but I think Nan Zhou is still my preferred spot for the beef brisket soup because of the noodle texture and heartier pieces of beef.
My friends and I came to Spice C for a quick dinner while in Chinatown and had a great meal! To start, we shared an order of seaweed salad which was yummy. 

I was feeling lazy and wanted to stick to a classic, so I got the Combo with a half portion of the Sesame Tofu and a vegetable spring roll. It was a huge portion (I can't imagine what the full portion size is!) for an amazing price. The sauce on the tofu was sweet and sour - super delicious. 

They have an enormous section of vegetarian options - I can't wait to come back and try some of the other dishes like noodle soups and stir fries.
The veggie Szechuan noodles are delicious - they're just the right amount of spicy, and have a great balance of veggies. My friend didn't like his pad thai though and said it was way too fishy and sweet.

Service was very quick even during Saturday lunch, and the food was filling. Would definitely go again!
During our visit to Philly Chinatown we spotted their menu taped against their window outside. On the menu, what stuck out to us was their beef/seafood mala bowl. Without reading the fine text we were thinking it was the drypot mala bowl version without the broth. Turns out we were wrong and this was our bad. 

It was basically protein and veggies in a broth so basically hot pot. They had an outdated menu taped to their menu. The menu stated the dish was 18.95 but it was really 22.95...uh pretty big difference there - don't mislead customers!

Taste-wise broth was mild, it wasn't too spicy. Takeout version came in 2 large quart containers. We chose the seafood version - it had fish tofu, clams, shrimp, crab stick, squid and a bunch of veggies like bean sprouts, woodear mushrooms, carrots, etc. It was okay, nothing extraordinary or mind blowing. Probably would have had a better experience getting one of their other dishes. I saw a lot of reviews getting the 3 treasures hand drawn noodles. I wish I would have tried that instead.

Overall, based on the dish we got it was an okay experience.
Spice C is a really great spot for hand-drawn noodles in the heart of Philly's Chinatown. I strongly recommend the hand-drawn noodles (either in stir fry or soup form), but there are plenty of other options. One important thing to know is that this place is cash only.

There are plenty of food options here, noodles are the best but rice dishes also options. You can get either hand-drawn or shaved noodles. When I went with my friends we split a Singapore rice noodles, 3 Treasure stir fry, and sliced beef noodle soup. These dishes are really fantastic. The food is very tasty and very filling. The portion sizes were great for the price you paid. Very cheap and you leave full and happy.

The service here was fast and the food came out quickly too. Overall, a decently quick meal in Chinatown that is filling and won't take too much out of your wallet!
Ordered a non "broth" meal and it was very mediocre. The "broth" meals were very good and would definitley recomened them with the shaved noodles!

Tip: DON'T order the spicy for extra $2. Just add the spicy sauce on the table and it tastes exactly the same. Made the mistake the 1st time, but not again.
I'm a sucker for hand drawn noodles and knew this place was worth a try. It's right across from Teado and is a great place to eat right after you grab a drink! 

I tried the House Special with Szechuan spicy soup base (which was recommended). I think adding the Szechuan spice added so much depth and flavor to the broth. If you love spice, get the Szechuan spice(spiciest for extra $1.50). In my opinion, it wasn't as spicy (it's like a 7/10 on a spice level). You can also ask for no spice or a medium-hot spice level. The House Special itself was SOO amazing. I loved the various meat components that made every bite interesting!

Service was quick and I had no problem with any waiter/waitress. 

By the way, if you walk towards the back of the restaurant, you can see the noodles being hand drawn. It's a cool thing to check out!! :)
We came in with a party of 8 and the hostess were very nice and welcoming. With the short notice they were able to accommodate our party with no problem making sure we had a table where we would be comfortable. They explained the menu very well when we had questions and I highly recommend getting their hand drawn noodles. Each dish was made to order and came out in a timely fashion and tasted great! If you are ever in china town in philly make it a point to try it out at least once!
Wow-- seriously such good depth and well-balanced flavor in their noodle soup broths! 

After hearing from some friends about eating hand drawn noodles in Philly chinatown and being disappointed.. we've finally come to realize what the rave is about upon discovering Spice C for the first time yesterday. These noodles are comparable to the incredible ones in Asia! We are hardcore creatures of habit and were soo happy we ventured away from our usual routine and had a "let's just try it" moment especially after yelping it and seeing the free dumplings w/check in. 

I was nursing a horrible college-style hangover and wanted something soupy on that gloomy/rainy day (woke up too late to dine at my favorite pho spot). But wow I couldn't have imagined a more perfect meal! 

We were lucky and beat the rush so were seated quickly. Very friendly and hardworking staff! The dumplings (nice skin that wasn't too thick and good filling) were surprisingly decent especially with that amazing crack sauce. I didn't think I was up for eating it but my tastebuds wanted more. I opted for a non-spicy House Special handdrawn noodle soup while the bf had the spicy lamb hand drawn noodle soup w/a marinated tea egg. I loveee that Schezwan spicy soup broth and cursed my weak stomach for not letting me order it. The Schezwan spices were actually not too medicinal for once and super well balanced that the egg complemented perfectly. I was obsessed with the super tender braised beef and tendon in my order. It felt soo comforting as if my mom had made it especially for me to bring me back to life. 

I've never seen unlimited amounts of pickled cabbage on the table as a condiment and am sure I would have devoured the whole container if my stomach allowed it. You know it's pretty darn good when you wake up the next day craving it.. I have found another favorite noodle soup spot, yay!
I think this place sits right at a 3.5 for me, but I guess I will round it up to a 4.

You can get your noodles shaved or hand-drawn. I took a pic about this if you want to read a little more into it. 

I ordered the pork soy sauce stir fry with shaved noodles, it just sounded interesting. I guess my noodles weren't amazing so that's why I gave Spice C a 3.5. I suppose it was bc my base was soy sauce? Either way, I didn't get a "Wow, this is really good" vibes.  

The significant other ordered the beef brisket noodle soup with hand-drawn noodles. He thought the food was good but nothing wowing either. He def liked his choice better as it had lots of flavor.

This place got packed when the lunch rush rolled around. Also, this is a cash only place btw.
Authentic af. 

The hand-drawn noodles are definitely the way to go. I got the veggie stir fry noodles and added tofu with medium spice. 

It was SO good. The spice was more of a tingling hot than crying tears hot. 

It's cash only but they do accept Venmo which is really weird and cool.
It was a cold and rainy day when my friend and I decide to go here. The place looks aesthetically pleasing and the staff was friendly.

The food came out really fast and looks amazing. I am a huge broth/soup person so I believe it makes or breaks the experience. The soup was delicious and bursting with flavor. I defiantly recommend the Szechuan spice even though it was $1.50 more. More than
 

worth it in my personal opinion. The spices gives just the right amount of heat to make you 
crave for more and even better for the upcoming cold weather.

The toppings were plentiful and cooked to 
perfection. It was the perfect blend of flavor, meat to keep the texture changing, and heat to keep you eating until it's all gone.
I've lived on the same block as Spice C for nearly a year and somehow only made my first visit this past Saturday. I was good and hungry and ready to start making up for lost time, and was mostly happy that I did. I tried to cover ground, so went against my default instinct to order a bowl of beef noodle soup and instead got an order of yu xian qie zi/"eggplant with garlic sauce" with rice and a small side bowl of beef brisket soup, in addition to an order of fried pork dumplings for my appetizer. 

The fried pork dumplings were excellent - big, hearty, and very satisfyingly savory. The order, which I believe had 6, was great for splitting with a partner. 

The eggplant was admittedly a bit disappointing to me. It wasn't bad, but it was a lot sweeter than I anticipated or wanted. If anything, I was expecting it to be a bit spicy (and since the tables have a bottle of Sriracha and a jar of chili oil, you can easily make it so) and it wasn't. I'm glad that I always want rice with my Chinese dishes, because it didn't come with the platter and I had to order it separately. But without the rice to cut the sweetness I might have been in real trouble, even after adding spice.

Ah, but then there was the beef brisket soup. And it was fantastic. It was a small side-order-sized bowl, but it didn't skimp on the brisket, which was melt-in-your-mouth tender and delicious. The broth just about blew me away, because it nailed that savory liquefied beef taste that I look for in Chinese beef noodle soup. It wasn't spicy in the least, but a drizzle of chili oil perfected it so I'm fine with it defaulting to something people who don't have high spice tolerances can enjoy. I would now add Spice C's beef soup to the rarefied space I reserve for Nan Zhou La Mien among the Philly scene. And what excites me most, I think, is that when I return and get a full bowl of beef noodle soup, I will have the option to order the Szechuan soup base, which sounds like it will be better still. 

The space is nice and quaint, with the kind of cute habit of decorating its walls with framed pictures of its own dishes. The service didn't blow me away, but it was pleasant and never less than effective. I'm officially looking forward to a near-future return for that bowl of beef noodle soup.
Its ok.  Small and cramped.  Thats Chinatown though.
I'm starting to really dislike Chinatown in general though.  
It stinks.  Rodents are everywhere. People dont watch where they are walking.  The inhabitants will cough without covering their mouth RIGHT IN YOUR FACE.  

Spice C has good food though.
I actually like this place better than Nan Zhou around the corner. I have come here about 15 times since I discovered it and the Noodles with Pork Soy Sauce ($5.40, including tax + tip; pictured above) is pretty awesome. Service is typical Asian style meaning you likely won't get a refill unless you wave your hands around like you are on a roller coaster. The waitress that always seats me seems to hate her job or just isn't a friendly person; I don't know which. But overall a tasty bit at a good price. 

Food Quality/Taste =  5 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Star
Price = 4 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 Stars
Yummy isn't that yummy, but it's okay.

Soup noodle broth was rather bland, mostly salty, but no deeper flavours.  Shaved noodles were good, in terms of texture, but they were prepared in a rather flavourless way.

Yummy has pickled cabbage at every table, which is cool.  I had to use a lot of it + soy sauce to season the noodles, since it all lacked flavour.

Nan Zhou (which is about a block away) is much much better than Yummy Lan Zhou.  Noodle texture is comparable, but NZ is far superior to YLZ in terms of taste.
This would be my second time trying hand drawn noodles. My first time was at Nan Zhou. I was wandering through Chinatown and really wasn't sure what I wanted now that Pho75 is gone. I wanted to try a new place and the freshness (read: outward appearance) of Lan Zhou hit me like BAAAOOOOWWW! It looks like it just opened so I figured they probably haven't slid into any bad habit complacency yet. I was in!

I had the sliced beef and it was more flavorful than what I remember from Nan Zhou, but eh that's not saying too much. I was impressed in the cuts of beef. They managed to get a bit of fat in almost every piece. Loved it! I was weary of the vegetables on the table though.. as much as I wanted some I'm a germophobe. I wasn't too keen on the spoons either. The hard water on them was kinda strong. Otherwise, I really wanted the lamb, but I played it safe. I've heard the horror stories of the bones... so.

Anyway, I'm no expert on noodles or soup, but this place is alright.

And the ATM fee is $1.75 if you need cash.
I am definitely a big fan of this place. There are really good noodle places in Chinatown where you can find shaved and hand-drawn noodles, but Spice C is by far my favorite! It's nice that there are different broth options and when I learned about the Szechuan spicy broth was delicious, I did not hesitate for one second to get this with my hand-drawn noodle. I  ordered the House Special, which comes with pieces of beef, brisket, and tendon. The beef was very tender and they definitely give you your money's worth. The soup also comes with chinese mushroom and a lot of noodles. This soup did not disappoint one bit. Szechuan food can get pretty spicy and can reach levels of discomfort, but I got my soup "medium" spicy, which was the perfect amount of spice! 

If you like beef soups like I do, I definitely recommend the House Special. My friends also rave about the wonton soup--either the roast pork & wonton or the duck & wonton. Apparently, their wontons have great flavor and comes with lots of filling. I'm definitely trying this the next time I'm there. 

Service was great as well. This place is BYOB and they have cute little glasses for you. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place and I look forward to trying their other noodle dishes in the future!
1 st time coming here, noodles were fresh everything was fresh!  I ordered a #2 noodle it's been awhile since I had noodles this fresh!  The veggies were fresh, the only thing that was a little disappointing was the soup base had a tad too much msg, if that was more flavorfull using natural ingredients, it would be awesome!   Steamed dumplings were amazing!  I also ordered fried chicken, nothing special about them.  It's very full filling!
Rather than pure, straightforward (and utterly divine) beef noodle that is the signature of northwestern China, this place goes Taiwan style. In this sense it's inappropriate to be compared to Nan Zhou...The broth is soy-sauce based and deeply saturated by the flavor of beef. The beef tendon's texture is something I really appreciate, and would be heartwarming if I were to have that in winter. The noodles itself, boast to be hand stretched, is pretty legit, but not that amazing. However I've lived in Beijing for most of my life so probably my bar is higher. If you don't have any idea what hand-stretched noodles means, definitely try this one. Besides that I did the eggplant dish in the appetizer. Again, legit, but not raising an eyebrow if I encountered it back home.
We went for our friend's birthday. We started with a bunch of appetizers which were all very tasty. My fiance and my friend each got the hand drawn noodle soups and both loved it. My fiance got the super spicy lamb noodle soup. He loves spicy food and got the highest level of spicy. Delicious!

Our friend got the duck and wonton added roasted pork soup. She said it was so so good. 

I got the hand drawn stir fried noodles. It wasn't anything great but I would go back for the soup. 

FYI they don't serve alcohol.
Zack said these noodles were the closest thing to any noodle he ate during his study abroad trip to Beijing in 2008. I believe him. Light on flavor (in a good way), you don't feel sick after eating them. The dumplings were A+ as well. Quick and easy spot for an inexpensive dinner in Chinatown (BYOB, too!).
the shaved egg noodles will remind you of German schnitzel. The broth was good  but could have been a bit more rich and dark to match my ox tail meat. Portions are very generous. Service was fast. Prices are very cheap. Soups are under $7. The dumplings were decent.
I love this place. I have gone again and again and again. It is so delicious and so cheap. Every time I go I am amazed how little I spend on such amazing food. 
The service is okay (not fantastic but not great), but the hand drawn noodles are amazing.
I also went to Nan Zhou a lot before this place opened but I now only go here. I can't really tell the difference in the noodle soups between the two, but this location has the tub of pickled veggies where you can eat as many as you want. That is the only reason why I like this one better.
The second time I have eaten here. The noodles were made in the back where you can see the chef stretching out the dough through a clear window in the back.  Decent seating space and wasn't busy at all.  I ordered a bowl of noodles with ox spare ribs which was good.  The spicy beef tendon wasn't as good as another hand drawn noodle place I tried in Chinatown.  To cool down the spiciness was the hidden treasure of pickled veggies underneath the tendons.  That was the yummy part!  Have to try other hand drawn noodles places before I can really make a final decision.
I was hoping based on the many reviews that the food would live up to expectations, I was disappointed. The food was bland, the spring rolls were disgusting and the tea was served in a water cup. As for the entree, the meat was fatty and almost non-existent.
Best hand drawn noodle soup in Philly. I think they should be called Spice A because their food is not Level C.  One of the best place in Chinatown Philadelphia. Enjoy your meal.
This place has tasty, satisfying, very inexpensive noodles and I am psyched they're in Chinatown! 

I had the shaved noodles with beef. The shaved noodles are what they sound like--shaved from the dough so the edges are thin but the middles are thick and a little chewy (Chewy in an awesome way, for the record). I've never had this type before and am a convert! My dish was less than $6 and will be more than enough for lunch tomorrow too! 

We also got a side of yu choy with oyster sauce--I've never had yu choy before, and for those of you who are in the same boat, its like a mix between bok choy and broccoli rabe and was thoroughly delicious. 

I also enjoy that there is a window into the kitchen, which not only is clean but you can watch them making the noodles in house!
This is my new go-to spot in Chinatown, it replaces Nahn Zhou because it is so much better quite honestly. Spice C is a somewhat small noodle house compared to some of the others but that is actually a good thing I think. It was very calm and quiet the entire time we were there which was nice and the service was quite good, a departure from the fast and hectic service of most noodle houses. We started off with the crab ragoon and the spring rolls, both were piping hot and awesome, the crab ragoon was definitely housemade, just so much fresher than what I am used to. The spring rolls were similarly fresh and awesome. For noodles we went with the shrimp soup with hand shaved noodles which was awesome, the shrimp were huge and actually flavorful. The other soup we got was the duck and wonton soup in the spice broth. The spicy broth is an extra $1.30 but hey you only live once right. The spicy broth was excellent there is no other way to describe it. The spice isn't a burn your lips off spice its a nice almost soothing slow burn. The duck was super flavorful and the wontons were just fantastic. The hand shaved noodles were of course exquisite I mean they are just my favorite thing ever just about. The 2 of us ordering all that and a few cokes, the tab came to $35 without till so a a little over $40 with tip. We will be heading back to Spice C soon, probably this week.
Hands down, my favorite Chinese noodle place in Philly. The price is right, and the food's always great. Highly recommend it if you're in the neighborhood.
What can I say this place is perfect the soups are amazing the noodles to die for and best of all it's fast and cheap. Food ranging from 5-10 dollars! Must come here
beware! got a counterfeit money of $10 as change after giving them $40!! never go again!!!
Eating here was one of my finest "Oh, let's give this a try!" moments. As I was trying to find my way to the hotel I was staying at, I drove by here. After my friend and I checked in, we realized a five hour car ride with no food left us famished. We made our way over to Spice C, and the rest is history. First of all, there's vegetarian options. That alone made my heart sing. Little did I know, I was rejoicing far too early. 
That food tho? Bruh. Bruhhhhh! I'm sitting in Massachusetts thinking about when I'm making my way back to Philly. I only want to eat noodles that are hand pulled and filled with love. Forget anything store bought. True enlightenment came when I tasted my food. The broth, the noodles, the perfectly crisp vegetables... YUM!!!
Such a ripoff.  When placing order, waitress asked if you want spicy?  If you say yes, they added $1.40 to your bill without even telling you about the additional charge.  I could have added my own hot sauce for free. It's not the $1.40 charge, it's the principle.  Never heard of paying extra for hot sauce!
This place was really good. And by really good, I do mean that I wanted to go back the next day (but held back my fatty self and didn't). 

I got the spicy Szechuan sliced noodle with sliced beef -- I found the broth very flavorful, beef tender, and I added the pickled vegetables they have on the table for that traditional kick. The portions were enough for two meals for me, so I got my bang for my buck!

The one thing that would have brought this meal to a 5 star is service -- My server did not tell me by adding " spicy" would be an additional charge. When I ordered my sliced beef with shaved noodle soup he just asked " spicy or not spicy". I wasn't too upset because it was darn delicious, but imagine if it wasn't!? I would be pretty upset. Even still, it's the principle. 

Needless to say, I will be back
Went again today. SO GOOD per usual. Pork dumplings. Hand drawn noodles. Nuff said. As a reminder, this is a cash only business. Service is attentive.
I had the beef tendon hand drawn noodle soup, the broth was pretty flavorful (on the salty side) and noodles were not too bad. I also tried the dried hand drawn noodle with shrimp, pork, and chicken. This is my second time having hand drawn noodles and for some reason I was expecting something fantastic but I wasn't too impressed. I left the restaurant feeling like I needed to drink 3 bottles of water.
This was the first noodle house we have been to and it was delicious.  Since our first visit was have been back many times.  Perfect for a quick inexpensive meal of soup.  We had the roasted duck with hand shaved noodles and ox tail soup with hand drawn noodles.  Everything was very tasty and filling.  The pickled cabbage on the tables is a plus while you are waiting for your soup.
I got the house special beef noodle soup--absolutely delicious. The amount of noodles is more than enough, the portions are a perfect size. I personally got the spicy broth, and it was fantastic, not too hot, but not too weak. The beef had a lot of fat however (probably for flavor, though) and the tea we were served was not very good. Those things aside, it was still a great meal and I would gladly come back.

It's great being able to visit a "town" where the food isn't all takeout--it's high quality, delicious food. If you're in the mood for noodles or even just soup, this is the place as far as I'm concerned.
They should be called Spice A cause their food was not C level.

I have no idea why their restaurant is called C. but it was Crazy good. The amount of meat they put in their beef noodle soup was the most I have ever gotten in Chinatown. So for value most def worth the money.

I love good beef noodle soup and their soup base is on point. I really do like their noodles too. 

Now I just need to go back and try something else. I hope the quality is the same.
this place is tasty, and food comes out fast.  i had their house special stir fried hand drawn noodle, and would only recommend that particular dish if you've eaten tendons and briskets before, otherwise it may be too authentic for you (in that case, stick w/ chicken, shrimp or beef).  The service is attentive and food comes out really fast and the noodles are so good.  Fantastic comfort food.
I had to give Yummy a try...to see if it is better (i had doubts going in), same, or worse than my favorite noodle house (Nan Zhou Hand Drawn). 

It's between same to worse. It's not bad. Just not same or better. 

1. Service- Actually...I prefer Nan Zhou. At least they refill water when I am there. The food comes out a lot quicker. We had two tables of 6 (because the only large table which can fit 6 was occupied by 4 people- go figure) and the dumplings came out quick (within 5 mins). Noodles must have come out about 5-7 mins later. Friendly service. 

2. Decor- Much nicer and more tables. But I really prefer the hustle and bustle of Nan Zhou. I really don't need a chandlier when I am eating oh-so-delicious noodles. They do have a better viewing for the noodle making. Bigger kitchen view than Nan Zhou.

3. Soup- Doesn't compare. It tastes almost gamey. Not as rich and deep as Nan Zhou. Didn't like it at all. 

4. Noodles- This is where I think Yummy is the similar (not better!) as Nan Zhou. Slightly softer (maybe my bowl sat too long in the kitchen?). Reminds me more of ramen noodles (which I love equally) than the elastic and chewy hand drawn version at Nan Zhou. It's definitely not the same. I tried two items:

*Meatballs with hand drawn- don't like the meatballs. It's more like wontons but the wrapper/skin has a weird texture.

*Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien)- I LIKE this much more than Nan Zhou. It's not as greasy. Comes in a bowl. and the flavor is more like the traditional ja jiang mien. It has more fermented bean flavor than Nan Zhou. 

I agree with the other reviewers. You would think they would play on Nan's weakness by providing better decor (yummy wins but see my explanation above), better food (nan zhou wins by landslide), better service (tied although i like nan zhou more) and better everything. But Nan Zhou wins because the food trumps the decor and service.
I came in here during lunch after hearing there was good hand drawn noodles in this area. I ordered the seafood stirfry and the only thing good about it was the noodles. The seafood tasted like it was precooked and old.

The vegetables were cold and soggy even the eggs they topped it off with. This dish came out so fast before the other meat dishes which was slightly strange. The dish cost $9 for a seafood dish.

I would not recommend this place to a friend and do not intend of coming back either.
I came here because my friend recommended it to me. I had the ox tail noodle. WoooooW the ox tail was soft and comes off the bone easy. I usually don't drink the broth from other restaurant but the broth from here was very delicious and I drank the WHOLE thing. The service was very warm and friendly. To all my FB friends you have to try this place, Highly recommended. I Will definitely come again with the whole family.
331n
