Service 5/5
Delivery man arrived well ahead of the Yelp eta and was very nice. Delivery included chopsticks, plastic cutlery and dinner napkins - nice touch. There was a little leakage but that's because the "offending" (it wasn't offending it was fantastic) container was jam packed to brim with piping hot (temp) garlic eggplant  - very generous portion: which leads to the food...

Food 4-5/5
The Indian pancake with curry dipping sauce 3/5 - $5
This dish arrived crispy and hot but the pancakes were a little too oily and the sauce was too salty for my taste. The portion size of the pancakes was nice but the dipping sauce size was a bit on the frugal side and for $5, there should have been some chicken and/or potato in the sauce.We both agreed we would try this dish again but only onsite and at happy hour.

Lemongrass coconut soup w/ shrimp option 5/5-$6
This soup packs a nice kick. I only tried  a few spoonfuls and my friend only took a taste. It was packed with flavor it included lots of zucchini, mushroom slices, peppers and misc veg. I only found two shrimp but there could be more.

Garlic Eggplant 5/5- $11
This dish included a jasmine or brown rice option at no extra charge (nice). We chose brown rice. It was a huge portion of eggplant and though it was a little too sweet, it packed a nice kick. We both agreed we'd order it again but would probably ask for no cornstarch and light on the sugar/sauce next time and maybe ask whether there was a protein addition option.

In summary
We'd definitely order from here again but we'd stipulate less salt in the curry sauce, no cornstarch and less sugar in the eggplant. I wish we'd called and asked what the charge would be to add tofu or another protein to the garlic eggplant.
Spice 28 is one of the best happy hours in the city.
Charmed, I'm sure.

The menu is full of tropical and exotic flavors, any dish could take you on a journey to the Far East. Whether eating a flavorful Chicken Dan-dan Noodle, or drinking a refreshing "Philly Love", you'll go on a wonderful adventure!
Here's a taste of the happy hour highlight:
- Affordable tasty appetizers. 
My favorite is the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, szechuan style ($5.00). Whenever I order it, I eat it with gusto - Go figure.
- Also, try the Thai Spring Roll, either the Chicken or vegetable, ($3.00), or the Chicken Satay ($4.00). With the generous portions, easily it could be your early dinner/ late happy hour meal of the night, for (well, almost) under $10 excluding your beverages (less than $6.00/ drink). Believe me, this will do the trick, and you will not be disappointed. 
Seriously, I can't tell you how many time I had the combination of few appetizers, and it was the perfect option when I'm on a budget. 

P.S : Spice 28 runs happy hour everyday, from 5 to 7 p.m.

Four Yelps.
Went here for some late night Thai cravings and Spice 28 delivered, not only food-wise but location and ambience too. The front two tables are seated at a sliding window, opening onto Chestnut st. Inside, the walls are paneled with modern backlit wood. Food-wise, to start, we ordered the chicken lettuce wraps, crunchy and spicy! I ordered the silky tofu wok with shrimp as my entree, which was perfectly spicy, a little too oily but not terribly. My friend ordered the wok fried rice (he's not the biggest fan of Thai so he kept it simple) and enjoyed it. I'm not sure if Spice 28 makes it as my go-to Thai place but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!
Da heck kind of restaurant is this supposed to be?? Sichuan? Thai? Cantonese? Malay? Asian American fusion? Spice 28 tries to dip into all of these styles, and as a result - they excel in none of them.

I went here twice (once for dinner and once for lunch), hoping the first underwhelming experience was just a fluke. We sampled the dan dan noodle, hot sauce chicken, drunken noodle, cumin lamb, and dry pepper chicken. The flavors are all very one-dimensional (either salty, spicy, or both!), and the meats are clearly low quality. The soups during lunch (wonton or lemongrass) are not even worth troubling your digestive tract to deal with. Overall pretty mediocre, but when you're paying these prices, you expect more. Chinatown is just a few blocks away, you guys.

But I WOULD recommend Spice 28 IF:
- You're of that cultish school of thought that Sichuan food (even if mediocre) is the hallmark of all Chinese food.
- You like Asian cuisine, but you're not sure which kind.
- You're turned off by Chinatown's dirtiness and lack of customer service
- You find Ctown's low prices rather...suspicious...
- You're hungry and you just don't care.
- You think the waitress is cute and hope to impress her. [Good luck with that one bro!]
This place is just too damn good.

I came here on a cute lunch date, when the wait at El Vez was out of control. In hindsight, I'm actually very pleased about it. The hostess was totally adorable, and gave us a very nice table by the window. The decor in here, by the way, is also totally adorable--super trendy and modern, with lots of natural light.

In case you weren't aware: (I wasn't) Blue Moon and Pad Thai is definitely a winning combo. I couldn't believe how delicious my meal was, and my date was equally pleased with his. Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant. It seems like everyone who works here wears a smile, and it's contagious!

Honestly, I can't imagine having a bad experience here. Be suspicious of any review below five stars! The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is divine, and the service is efficient and welcoming. I'd come back any day of the week.
A must for weekday happy hour. One of a few stops for happy hour, and this place was almost empty. A huge win for us because we got to sit anywhere and food was served quickly. The drinks were delicious and the the specials had a good combination of classics and sweet cocktails. My friend and I split the spicy chicken wraps (don't worry, they are too spicy). The one appetizer was plenty for us both! And the wraps! Oh my goodness I'm still think about them. The contrast between the cold crisp lettuce and the soft spicy chicken was lovely. The meal is served "deconstructed" so you can make your own portions and play with exactly how you like it. 

For price, quality, service and atmosphere I don't think there's a better stop in the area. Certainly making my top favorites list.
What?!?!?  How? Why?? These are questions I asked when I saw this place was empty after experiencing the one of the best Asian places in town.  We had a fairly large crew of 16 people and took over the restaurant on a Wednesday night.   The service here was top notch. It was BYOB, and they made sure our glasses were never empty.  

The food....wowwwww. 
I can't remember everything we had but the 6 of us that sat on our side of the table decided to share several dishes.   We started off with the Pork and regular Drunken Noodle.  There was enough spice to give it personality.  Nothing overbearing.  Pineapple fried rice with chicken, egg and cashews.  Definitely on point.  Saigon Beef with bok choy. Shit was legit. 

There was some Eggplant and Crispy Calamari dish in the mix that I didn't get a chance to try, but my friends were raving about it. For dessert, we got some fried Chinese donuts.

As a certified Asian, I give this place two thumbs up.
My friend and I stopped in here for happy hour and although we had a decent experience, this restaurant could definitely use some improvement. The cocktail was really great, but the food was just ok. 

We ordered the Thai Chicken Spring Rolls (2 to an order), Chicken Lettuce Wrap, Dumplings in chili sauce, Ahi Tuna Dumplings, and 2 Peking Duck Buns (they only came one to an order). While all were decent, I could definitely pass on the Chicken Lettuce Wrap next time. It was a little too bland for me. We were given the choice to either have the duck bun steamed or fried, and we both chose the latter. In retrospect, I think I would have appreciated the steamed better. The fried bun was a little too oily and greasy for my liking. In my opinion, of all the appetizers we got, the Ahi Tuna Dumplings were the winner. 

After our bites, we were still a little hungry and decided to order two more plates to finish our meal. We chose the Rock Shrimp and Blue Crab Enchilada. The Rock Shrimp came with a curry sauce which was interesting in taste. In my opinion, the shrimp definitely could have used a few extra minutes of cook time because they weren't crispy at all - they almost tasted boiled! The Crab Enchilada was not what I was expecting. The fried crispy shell was great, and the (very) creamy filling was good, but I honestly didn't taste much crab in it at all. They served it with two dipping sauces - one hot sauce, one aioli. While I'm usually a huge fan of aioli, it was not something to dip an already creamy meal into!

As for drinks, I chose the Dragon Nectar cocktail and really enjoyed it! It was very fruity and refreshing, exactly what I was going for. 

Service was pretty poor. At the beginning of our meal, we were informed that all members work as a team and we can ask ANY of the waiters/waitresses to place our orders. We were pleased to hear this until not a person was to be found during our meal. No one approached us, no one checked in on us, why were they MIA?! 

I can see myself returning here for a cocktail sometime, but I would probably pass on the food. While it was good, nothing I would specifically go back for or crave. There are so many other food  options in this area that although this place might make the list, it wouldn't be my top pick.
I was part of a large group dinner at Spice 28 on Wednesday, and we had a great time. It's hard not to compare a lot of the menu items to the other king of Sichuan in Philadelphia, but Spice 28 is a very close second. And if it's ambiance you're looking for, Spice has the edge. 

The great thing about this place is the variety of the menu. Creative selections like wontons with guacamole and tempura lobster add an extra layer to your main dish. 

Speaking of the main dishes, the two I tried (dry pepper chicken and hot pot chicken) were so spicy that they bordered on unenjoyable. I could taste no difference in the degree of heat between spice levels two and three; both were hard on my pansy palate. That said, both were executed well, so I'll just opt for the lowest spice level next time. And there will be a next time. 

The price was right and I've got a 10% off check-in offer that I plan on utilizing soon. Looking forward to my next round of tastebud ass-kicking.
Philly diners, I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat every last one of you. Why? You should already know. You don't know? Fine, I'll explain it-
For some idiotic reason, you have not been dining at Spice 28. When Bobby Flay opens a mediocre burger place(with great shakes) in U. City, the line might as well extend out to King of Prussia. In contrast, when the best new Asian fusion restaurant in Philadelphia opens its doors to the public, you ignore it like an ex lover who won't stop sending messages when you come away from idle on gchat.

Anyhow, the biggest highlight of my meal here was the the ahi tuna dumplings. These are delicious dumplings served on a guacamole that's way too good to be found at a non-Mexican restaurant.

The Dan Dan noodles are good, but Han's are better.
The spicy cucumbers are very, very good.
The blue crab salad is excellent. It is a nice hearty serving of crab served over a half an avocado.

It is really strange to see how well Spice 28 wields the power of the mighty avocado.
Second attempt at Spice 28: delivery via Dining In. An order of dan dan noodles, spicy cucumbers, dry pepper chicken and hot sauce style chicken came to just over sixty bucks, including a tip for the driver. All I could think was that dinner had better be good, for the price of dining out. I will say that the delivery time was on point, and only about forty-five minutes, which is on the low end for Philly. Props for that.  

The food was good, but I think the prices are a bit steep, especially for take-out. I remember thinking everything was such a steal when I dined in the restaurant. I'm wondering if that's just because I went with a huge group and we shared a bunch of plates? Either way, I liked our second meal from Spice 28 but I didn't love it as much as that first time. The hot sauce style chicken was not really my thing (intense peppercorn flavor in the sauce but no breading or crispness to the chicken), though I really enjoyed the dry pepper style chicken. It's hard to know what to order because the menu descriptions list the ingredients but not really anything about the preparation or cooking style. That would really help. 

The dan dan noodles were great, but the portion size was definitely smaller than Han's. Same with the spicy cucumbers. Sorry to compare the two yet again in this review but I feel like it's unavoidable. 

While I wish the prices for delivery were a little lower, I'd still probably order from Spice 28 again. I'm also looking forward to getting back to the restaurant sometime.
I ordered the dry pepper style chicken and Thai basil rice for pickup. The dry pepper style chicken was extremely salty. This dish tasted like it was washed with ocean water. I could barely eat 3 pieces of chicken before I gave up. $14 wasted, literally!
I. Am. Obsessed.  You go girl (that's what I say when I'm complimenting myself on finding this place).  

I recently moved to the neighborhood and walked past Spice 28 a few times.  I saw the exterior and thought, meh another cheap, cheesy Thai place, it'll be gone in a few months.  Boyyy was I wrong.  I went with a friend one day to check it out and we ate ourselves well into a food coma.  The Blue Crab Fajita is absolutely delicious, as are the ahi tuna dumplings (come with guacamole!)  The dumplings in spicy oil are very mundane and the eggplant wasn't wasn't to my taste.  The Pad Thai and Dan Dan noodles were both very good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  We also received complimentary dessert, which was a great touch!

What really sets this place apart (besides those god damn delicious crab fajitas) is the amazing decor and the impeccable service.  The interior is extremely modern but also cozy ( I can totally see myself having my birthday party here!).  Also, you can tell that they are definitely trying to establish themselves because they are on top of their shit!  I even met the owner when I stumbled in two days after my first visit for takeout (yes, it's that addicting).  He was so sweet and humble, and it just made me love Spice 28 even more! 

It's been pretty empty every time I've gone, undoubtedly because it's newer.  Once word get out, though (and once they get their liquor license!), I can just imagine the Amada-esque lines'(and I will undoubtedly be spending way more time there than socially acceptable).
For the appetizers spring rolls are always a must. I had green curry chicken with jasmine rice. Rice was cooked well; good texture, not mushy. The green curry was well to taste but lacked viscosity. It should have been a bit thicker and spicier. 

Best of the experience was the Shisojito.

The location itself was warm and intimate with subdued lighting. It can host a large party but it is not too loud.
Well, it finally happened. 

The day I have been waiting for. No, I didn't win the lotto nor did the Eagles win the Superbowl. I finally experienced the wonder that is Spice 28. How anyone could give this place anything less than 4 stars is waaaaay beyond me.

I have been stalking Spice 28 for as long as it has been opened and each time I drive by, I look longingly at the unsuspecting building there on Chestnut St. and sigh. Finally, I was treated to a lovely dinner, just as I expected. 

We started with the Ahi Tuna Dumplings and Crispy Cucumbers for our appetizers. Both were very good. We moved on to our main courses and ordered the drunken noodles. It was delicious because the chicken was unbelievably tender. Extremely yum! My gf had the pad thai, which was also very scrumptious. I ended up eating off that plate most of the time.

The service was impeccable. The manager, Ben, was very friendly and attentive. We were given a complementary appetizer! The seared tuna carpaccio. Free food will always win people's hearts. Overall, the design is contemporary, clean, and an excellent use of space. 

Can't wait to come back to try other dishes.
Lunch special on point.  I had the Gen Tso Chicken.  Yes I know, pretty generic but since I had to get in and out it was quick and easy and tasted great.  

Lunch specials runs about $8.00 with your choice of steamed jasmine rice or brown rice, and wonton or Tom Yum vegetable soup.  

They have three themes with many more options beneath the those themes to choose from: Asian, Szechuan and Vegetable lunch plates. 

You can check their menu out here. 

http://www.spice28.com/menu-spice-28-asian-fusion-restaurant-1228-chestnut-st-philadelphia

Nice décor, awesome prices.  Give this place a try if you are in the area.
In my original review of Spice 28 I wrote that I would not consider going back there.  After posting my review on Yelp, the GM - Ben - contacted me inviting us to come back.  So, we did.  At Ben's request, I tried contacting him several times - through phone and Yelp - to let him know we would be coming, but I had no luck in reaching him.  But, we went anyway.  

We started off the meal with the rock shrimp and Indian pancake - both of which were absolute let downs. The portion size of the Indian pancake was embarrassingly small.  The rock shrimp battered had no flavor and was entirely dependent on the dipping sauces to provide it with any hint of spice.  

As with the first time we had gone to Spice 28, the waiters brought out our entrees prior to us finishing our appetizers.  And again, our entrees became lukewarm by the time we actually ate it.  We had the Pad Thai and Blue Crab Fried Rice.  The fried rice was poorly seasoned - all I tasted was pepper, lots of pepper.  The Pad Thai did not get any thumbs up either.

There was one point where we had two waitresses taking our order, and two waiters standing silently behind us.  Mmm...talk about awkward?

Needless to say, we won't be coming back, and due to the absolute disappointment, I'm knocking this down one star from my original review.
Go here immediately. Order anything. Thank me later.

We got takeout here for the second time last night, ordered entirely different items to get a sense of their range, and everything we got was incredible. This time when I got to the place to pick it up there were no hiccups with our order and it was ready promptly. I met the owner, Ben, who was very personable and genuine. I'm rooting for these folks, they've got a good thing going here! Also, they will have their liquor license this weekend and will be serving at their bar by Monday. The bar is really cool, backlit marble. 

When the order was ready I asked for a separate bag for the blue crab avocado salad, so as not to have it get hot in there with everything else. So glad I did! That thing was a masterpiece. A half of a perfect, ripe avocado filled with heaps of perfect crab salad with a spicy kick, and fresh greens with a lovely vinaigrette. E demolished it.

I went for the thai basil style chicken, no onion no garlic, spicy. I ate almost the whole thing (good thing this was after the gym!). The sauce was so flavourful and it was packed with tender, moist chicken and string beans and peppers. I want it again right now even though it's 8am. E got the shrimp pad thai, mild, and it was pad thai perfection. The noodles were firm and springy with a light tamarind and peanut sauce and all the right fixins. He wasn't crazy about the pickled radish bits but I liked them. 

The shrimp alone are worth a shout-out: huge, well-cleaned, perfectly cooked, and 7 to an order of pad thai. The tails were left on but pulled off with ease. I stole one, and a bite of the noodles. Then some more of the noodles later with bites of my chicken. I kept going back to the kitchen after I cleared the food to snack on cold leftovers. We will not ever order from Circles again- when I want some good Asian food it's going to be Spice 28 all the way.
Jack Chen, you magnificent bastard.  Who else would see the bright spot of opportunity in a morass of Chestnut Street gloom?  That's right my friends, there is now  a bona fide reason to slalom past the ticket scalpers and flat screen dealers that inhabit the netherworld between Barbuzzo and Market street. . . .and that reason is some mighty fine Szechuan, Sichuan , or Szechwan cuisine.  

Let me warn you, if all you know of this peppercorny goodness is in Old City, prepare yourself for a dose of authenticity, modern Asian style.  This is not a place made to look "authentic" and no one will berate you for asking questions about the ingredients.  If what you need is a little role play, go see your therapist.  

Ok, enough of me, here is why you should come.  

Cumin Lamb that should make you look up Agnus Dei if you don't know Latin.  


Cucumber salad that is just cucumber.  Delicious, delicious cucumber.  How?  Who cares?  

Dumpling dough so paper thin and sublime, you'd think 1990's Kate Moss was at you table.  

But the kicker, the real kicker  . . . half of us didn't realize we were eating tofu bits in the pork belly dish.  That's because they slice it the other way.  Cubes be damned.  Minus the moisture, I can almost see what those crazy vegans have been talking about.  Sure it was humbling to rave about bean curd, but that's the magic of Jack Chen's oasis in the desert of a too long forgotten corridor.

PS.  I wish I could tell you what the pictured appetizer really is.  But I can't because we mentioned it to the waitress, and decided against.  They brought it out anyway to prove a point.  Guacamole and Szechuan do go together.  Who knew?
Absolutely amazing. I'm not even sure where to start. 

My friends and I are in town for a conference. We were looking for some place new that was close by and found Spice 28 on Yelp. It was close and got great reviews, so we gave it a shot. As soon as we walked in the door - we knew this was going to be a treat. 

The decor is very modern - the aesthetics of the room have obviously been meticulously attended to. Every table was already set - with the settings at each table perfectly aligned. 

The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. When I asked for recommendations, we were given many recommendations. They were great recommendations - though I suspect we could have ordered anything on the menu and it would have been incredible. 

The appetizers were delicious - the ahi tuna dumplings were a real treat and the calamari was done to perfection with a delightful sweet and spicy sauce. But the real treat was the spicy cucumber. I highly recommend it. The sauce was incredible - complex and full of flavor. The manager (possibly the owner?) explained that it had several things including a Szechuan chile oil, sesame oil, some garlic, and many other flavors. It was complex, slightly spicy, and provided a wonderful contrast to the cool, crisp cucumbers. Really was delightful. 

I ordered the Dry Pepper Style with chicken. The menu indicated that this was very spicy - and they weren't kidding. Now, I love spicy food and knew what I was getting into. The spice was done in such a way that it was a part of the flavor of the dish and not just hot for the sake of being hot. It should be noted that they offer in the menu to customize the level of heat to where you would like it. I loved this dish and wouldn't even think of changing it. 

Everything that everyone in our small group had was wonderful (of course we all had to have a taste of the others). When offered dessert, we decided to go for it. The dessert was a crispy fried pumpkin pastry. To me, it tasted like it was a fresh (obviously made from scratch) pumpkin biscuit that had been quick fried and tossed in sugar. It was light, flavorful, and not overly sweet. 

I can't say enough wonderful things about Spice 28 or their staff. They made our dinner a remarkable experience. We will be going back for lunch tomorrow before we have to fly out, and will be returning the next time I come to Philadelphia. 

Go to Spice 28. You will love it. You will go back for more.
I've had my eye on Spice 28 since moving to Philadelphia nearly a year ago, and I'm asking myself now why I waited this long. I finally made it there with several of my colleagues for a post-work happy hour, and it's not only a fantastic happy hour spot, but really great for groups. 
The restaurant seems understated and unassuming from the outside, but walk in and you're met by a gorgeous bar, and there's a substantial dining area in the back with cute tables and beautiful lamps and lighting. So already, definitely an A on ambiance for me. 
The menu was what had caught my eye before I had set foot in the restaurant, and it more than lived up to my hopes. The happy hour cocktails and appetizers are delicious - I personally had the Philly Love cocktail, and YES  thank you! Some of the other drinks ordered by my party were the Dragon Nectar and the Passionate Kiss, and they were so well enjoyed that most people got seconds. 
We ordered several options off of the "Happytizers" menu - edamame, spring rolls, spicy cucumber, dumplings, chicken satay. They were super accommodating to the three vegetarians in the group, because they modified their chicken lettuce wraps to make them with tofu for us!  I could only eat the vegetarian options, but they were all pretty good. My group cleared every dish that we ordered, so I'm pretty sure that the meat dishes were just as well enjoyed.
I have to say the service was really great. we got lots of attention, we never had to go searching for our waitress, and everyone was super friendly. Bonus, they happily honored the Yelp check-in deal that is offered on the app (even though my phone was malfunctioning and I couldn't get the Yelp deal to pop up).
I would definitely try dinner here too. For now, I can say that from 5-7 for happy hour, Spice 28 is a great spot for groups, and pretty enough for a casual date too.
Aw shucks...I've been suckered by Asian Fusion, an appellation usually reserved for sweet and sour chicken wrapped in nori sold at Azn Fuzon places at the local mall.

Spice 28 has done something awfully, deliciously different. They've managed to wrap ahi tuna in a veritable wonton with origami delicateness, fry the purse, serve it over guacamole and orange sauce...and make it high class. When chef's understand that you need cream to cut acidity and sweetness to mitigate umami, it doesn't matter what they put on a plate, you're going to eat it...and you're going to like it.

The spicy cucumbers are sliced in thick half-moon shapes and soaked in chili oil with just a hint of sesame. They're fresh enough to be crunchy, and sautéed just enough to let the water commingle with the absorbed oils. 

Flavor abounds at Spice 28. Anything you get will be delicious. And for gosh sakes, the interior looks more like an upscale sushi restaurant (ahem...read feng shui lines and wooden arches with softly colored lights) than a whole-in-the-wall stuff your face with greasy noodles joint. 

Seekers of authenticity, veracity-meets-America, and abominations of Asian cuisine will all be equally delighted.
I would like to give this place a rating of 2.5 (almost a 3) because their food was tasty. It's always been delicious and I've rated them a 5 for the whole experience in the past. This is the first time I've been here in a while and I honestly may not want to return here again. 

Our waitress, Ruslana, was very rude. I made reservations for 9 people and they only gave us seating for 8. When we asked the waitress for more room, she told us that 5 of us needed to squeeze in on one side. It became uncomfortable so we asked someone who looked like a manager about it and he finally  added an extra chair to the edge of the table. 

Our server gave us so much attitude for asking and didn't care about our comfort. All it seemed she cared about was getting our orde in. She kept bugging us about ordering and we hadnt even been sitting for 5 min after figuring out our seating arrangements. We told her we wanted to wait to order when the last person in our party sat down...and she just kept rushing us.

Our waitress hovered over us and pretty much made us feel rushed the whole time we were looking over the menu. She gave us a little bit of an attitude throughout and when she walked away to give us more time, she kept staring at us from the back of the restaurant. She just made us feel so uncomfortable the whole time. It was one of the worst experiences we've had in a long time.

They charged us an automatic 20% tip, which I guess is standard for a large group, but  we definitely did not feel like our server deserved it and some of us got into minor disagreements about this.

I'm really disappointed because I've raved about this place and recommended it to so many people that I couldn't believe they made us feel so unwelcomed and uncomfortable that we didn't even wait to put on our jackets before hitailing it out of there.
My visit to Spice 28 was about a month ago. My wife and I decided to take a just because get away trip to Philly and came here for some dinner. The ambiance and decor were very inviting, very intimate and just right for a romantic evening. 

We did not have reservations but were quickly sat at a table for two. The table was fairly close and tight to another table and our hostess saw in our faces that we weren't too happy. She politely told us to give her a few minutes so she can make things right. We were sat at another table right away where a group of 4 had just left. We appreciated the fact that she recognized our discomfort and made it right without  us having to ask. 

We ordered a bottle of Riesling as it's my wife's favorite and started with a couple of apps.  The Ahi Tuna Dumplings, which were oh so good. We were tempted to get another order, but we also had a generous helping of Dan Dan Noodles to work on. These noodles were great, with a peanutiness sesame sauce. Yes, I said peanutiness. So what! For an entree we shared the Shrimp Pad Thai.  I know more noodles and peanutiness. I couldn't get enough. 

The prices at this place for the quality and quantity of food are insanely cheap. We paid around $60 and that was because the bottle of wine was about $28. Just by the decor and service alone I would pay just a little more. I loved this place. If I'm ever in Philly again I would love to stop by again.
I received the following message from the owner of Spice 28 attempting to "explain what really happened" the night I visited.  It speaks for itself:

"Hi Larry,  my name is Jack.  I am very sorry to hear that you had a such bad experience at the restaurant.  My English is not good.  But I am trying my best here.  Let me explain what really happened.  We are a new restaurant, which opened about four months ago.    The head chef uses to cook the dishes that you and your friend originally wanted.  But our head chef was sick yesterday and therefore not working.  For the best of sake, we usually don't let other cooks cook his dishes. So the waiter had to tell that they were not available.  Please believe us that none of us want you have a bad experience in the restaurant.  About the dessert, it was miscommunication.  The owner's English is not good.  When your friend asked for selection of desserts, he heard that your friend was asking for Chinese dessert.  He tried to explain there was no Chinese dessert, but Italian dessert offered in the restaurant.   Throughout the period that you dinned in the restaurant, the owner paid a lot attention. He quickly got your friend's food when your friend requested.  He made sure you and your friend's water filled all the time.    He knew his waiter did not do a good job.  Then he complemented a free desert.  Please believe that all the workers in the restaurant want to make customers happy and satisfied.  I personally thank you for dinning with us and wish you a great experience dinning in the restaurant.   Also I thank you for your feedback.   We surely want to do better."

If I could give zero stars for that explanation, I would.
This place is awesome. I went when they first opened and they were so helpful when ordering family style. They even gave us complimentary dessert! The owner is really friendly and tries to visit each table to make sure things are going well! 

I recently went a second time and they were packed on a Friday night--not surprised at all. I spoke to the manager again and told him how great our experience was and then he gave us complimentary dessert again :) 

The cocktails are on the expensive side, but pretty good. The food is spicy, whig is to be expected! Pad Thai and Drunken noodles were great..their dan-dan noodles and spicy cucumber appetizer is really good as well!
Ah, I love that new restaurant feeling. Don't you? Especially with a soft opening that warrants five solid stars. What a rarity!

With a party of five and an early 6:30pm reservation, I walked into Spice 28 arms full of wine bottles (the first thing you see when you walk in is a bar, but they won't have their liquor license for about a month. Take advantage while you can!).

We were greeted by several friendly servers, all who seemed so happy to see us. They asked us questions about where we lived, how we found Spice 28 and what kind of food we liked. Then they brought us a complimentary appetizer that morphed  wontons and guacamole. I could tell this was going to be a good night.

Usually "fusion" places make me a bit weary, but we bit the bullet and ordered both Thai and Chinese entrees, all which were freakin' fantastic and full of flavor. From the Chinese side, we got crispy cucumbers (they brought us an extra bowl of the spicy variety on the house), dan dan noodles (good, but Han's are better), fried rice, eggplant, and beef hot pot (tender and chock full of peppercorns.) We tried the drunken noodle and panang curry from the Thai side, both were excellent.

I have to admit, though the Handy Nasty and Circles are everyone's go-to for these types of cuisine, I think they better watch out. Spice 28 was a real palate pleaser.

When we didn't think we could eat anymore, our server brought us complimentary dessert- fried, sticky, sweet pumpkin rounds. Our bill for five was $80. Yes, $80. Great experience, fun atmosphere (the Asian muzak was a bit much, but whatever) and like I said, the food was great. Go.
In the year and a half that Spice 28 has been open, the prices have skyrocketed and the quality has fizzled out. I've been there about six times by now, and each time I'm a little more disappointed. What started out as a 5-star place has sadly been reduced to 2. 

Beef saigon use to be a giant plate of sizzling juicy and tender beef, on top of bok choy and onions. Tonight, the portion looked like it was for lunch, the beef was chewy and fatty, and there was no bok choy at all. I asked our waiter about it- he said they must have been out of bok choy! Then he brought me a plate with a few stalks.

Drunken noodle with chicken was still good. Smaller portion, but still good.

Panang curry with shrimp had to be sent back. I bit into a piece of shrimp and a hard, gray piece of god knows what (it was about 1/2 inch big) was in my mouth. My stomach is turning just thinking about it. I spit it out immediately. Zack inspected his shrimp, which were not deveined.

They brought us a panang curry with tofu to replace it, then charged us twice (one was later taken off the bill when I pointed it out).

Happy hour is fine and dandy, but ONLY TAKES PLACE if you sit at the bar. Drink prices are too high. $5 for a lager? $5 for a Corona? $10 cocktails? $6 Tsing Tao? You may THINK you are a part of 13th Street, Spice 28. But you are not.
I've been frequenting this place right from it's time of inception, and since it is no longer a well kept secret , I think it is time for me to profess my love for Spice28. 

I know there are other good places in the city that serve great sichuan, but none more convenient for me than this. With a blend of fusion and traditional grub, this place shines for appeasing different palates to go along with stellar service. 

I usually stick to the Hot Sauce style or the Dry Cumin style, but i'd also recommend the saigon style beef and the blue crab salad to go with the Dan Dan noodles and the Drunken noodles to slurp up all the sauces. Also they have a full bar to whet thy whistle.

Even though it is a pretty big place, it does get filled up pretty quickly so i'd suggest reserving your spots in advance. Cos when the hunger gods rumble , they can only be pacified by a visit here once in a while.
~Rather small portion for the price.
~Only English menu.
~ the waitress was rather rushed to get us out despite of many empty seats
~ the waitress was aggressive in collecting dish/plates from us even took away the bowl from me before I finished eating/the utensil on the bowl!
~the food was decent but definitely do not recommend it.
Oh god. Where do I even start! This place is beyond amazing. My boyfriend and I were looking for a good place to grab a quick lunch before getting ready for a wedding. We roamed around reading terminal but nothing caught our attention. We were contemplating on going to ihop (I really wanted pancakes) but then I remembere spice 28 was closer and that I wanted to try it. I'm SO happy we did. 

Although there were only 3 tables of people or so, the vibe was nice and relaxed. The interior of the restaurant looks amazing. The music was chill and our server was nice and sweet. She was very informative as well. My boyfriend an I ordered the Ahi Tuna dumplings, and let me tell you, it was the BEST thing I've ever put in my mouth. Our server told us to use our spoons to pick up some of the sauce and eat it together. I wish I could bathe in the sauce that it came with. It was sweet and a touch of spice. The dumplings themselves were wrapped up in a crispy exterior and coming from a non-fish lover, the tuna on the inside was so delicious. These people are geniuses. Dumplings with guacamole?! perfect!

For our entree we shared the tropical mango chicken. It was so flavorful and not too heavy. Everything inside the dish was perfectly paired together. 

The owner,(??? perhaps) came by and checked up on us to make sure everything was okay. He was very kind and funny. He introduced himself and chatted with us for a little

Once we asked for our bill, we were notified that we were receiving a complementary dessert. Which I was thrilled about. I love dessert.... But we got these cute donut like cakes that were warm and delicious!! They had a type of sticky filling that was so good that I would live off of it. 

In total, I wish I could set up camp inside of this restaurant and eat their tuna dumplings for the rest of my life. I am definitely coming back to try out the rest of their wonderful menu!
Your girl popped her Thai food cherry at Spice 28 this weekend and couldn't have been more pleased with her first experience.

That being said, I lingered towards the mild spectrum of heat on my entree since I didn't wanna ruin my palate on the first try.  The menu here is so varied, there's something for all tastes - seems to be half Thai/half Szechuan.

My guest and I each started with vegetable tom yum soups, which were so good.  Unfortunately I didn't ask the server to make the spice level mild for that one; however, even though it was VERY spicy, it was still very tasty and didn't ruin my entree.  It was a nice, progressive heat.  My nose was running for sure, but the flavors were all there.  The broccoli, green bell pepper and squash added a nice crunchy element and the pineapple chunks added a much needed acid/sweetness.  I ended up boxing most of it for my sick boyfriend at home (nothing like tom yum soup to clear the sinuses).

The entrees were great, as well.  I opted for the easiest intro to Thai dish, the drunken noodles with shrimp.  I've never had more flavor and texture and spice in one single dish.  The creaminess of the noodles, the juiciness of the plump rock shrimp, the crispiness of the onions, and the aromatic flavor of the thai basil and cilantro.  I know some variations of drunken noodles are more of a white/coconut cream sauce but this was a dark sauce, almost BBQ/teriyaki style.  Very filling also - I boxed half for dinner the following day.

I got a Sapporo to drink and my guest got a refreshing and strong cocktail that tasted like a Long Island iced tea, but a Thai version.  It was lime green and had muddled jalapeno and basil in it.  The heat worked really well with the coolness of the vodka.  Very strong and totally worth the price.

Service was decent, but a little slow towards the end of the meal when trying to pay (there seemed to only be one server for the three large birthday parties that were there that night, plus us and another table).  Ambiance is trendy and low-lit, but WAY too loud inside, so I found myself shouting at my guest to speak.

Next time I'll be more adventurous and add a little more heat on my entree since it was pretty mild and possibly explore the Szechuan side of the menu (other tables seemed to order these giant mounds of rice which looked delicious, maybe I'll work that angle next).  The appetizers all sounded absolutely amazing (fried calamari, blue crab quesadillas, etc.), but my guest is allergic to certain seafoods so I was limited.

Overall I'd say it's moderately priced and I'd like to visit back and check out the happy hour specials (bonus: Yelp offered me 10% off my bill for checking in).
Spice 28 is a restaurant that doesn't quite live up to its name but it still offers a pleasant happy hour.  The physical layout almost reminds me of a cave with modern lighting.  I do like the cooly lit bar area.  The food could use a bit more of its namesake 'Spice' in my opinion.  The spicy cucumbers needed much help to live up to that name.  The Indian pancake and curry sauce was delicious however.  I also liked the small Peking Duck rolls.  The spicy chicken lettuce wrap again needed extra help to give it a little kick.  Interestingly enough, even the chili sauce I asked for wasn't spicy to me at all.  At least they had some Sriracha sauce. Service was friendly and attentive and my Angry Orchard hard cider was thirst-quenching. These are the main reasons I am bumping my rating up to four stars.
The external decor of Spice 28 is rather abysmal, but the inside - with its modern, sleek look and neon lights glowing here and there - reminds me very much of Pod and Morimoto.

We arrived here for dinner on a weeknight, and it was fairly packed, so that was a good sign.  We started off with the fajitas  (interesting item to be on the menu given that Spice is an Asian restaurant) and crispy calamari.  Both dishes were good in the sense that they tasted like what I expected (but also not very hot, as if they had been sitting somewhere for a little while...).  But, they were bad in the sense that the only Asian twist to them was the traditional varieties of dipping sauce that accompanied each dish.  Not exactly very creative, and perhaps a little bit deceiving.

The waiter must had asked the kitchen to fire up our entrees before we even got our appetizers, because before we even got through half of either appetizers, our entrees came to the table.  Normally, I would have no qualms with this, because - as anyone who knows me can attest to - I eat rather fast.  But, I was trying to pace myself, and by the time I got to my entree, it was borderline lukewarm.  The food itself (chicken basil fried rice) was decent, but perhaps that's because I'm comparing it to the gold standard at Tuk Tuk, a cozy little Thai place in Long Island City that makes incredible basil and green curry fried rice.

To close off the meal, the kitchen sent out some sort of pancake on the house.  We were advised to stop talking and eat it while it was hot - so we did.  What greeted my taste buds was bland, and not what I would want to be the last impression guests have upon leaving.

Luckily, that wasn't our last impression of Spice.  We split the bill, one Amex, one Visa.  When the receipts came, it became apparent the waiter had split the bill, but charged both halves to my card.  Yay, I won!  We told the waiter of this mistake, and his response was for us to exchange cash with each other, laughed, and walked away.  There was no way I wasn't going to write a review after that!

Would I go back?  Before the check incident I would have said yes, because some of my fellow Yelpers have given it rave reviews.  After the check incident?  Probably not.  Food and service are what I look for when I go out to a sit-down, and from this experience, Spice 28 provided neither very well.
We originally were going to have dinner at Barbuzzo, but decided to try Spice 28 instead. The reviews on Yelp seemed encouraging and it seemed like the place was going for a different experience than a typical old-hat Szechuan Chinese place.

I'm really glad we went; It was a great experience. The service was prompt and friendly, and the menu (especially the appetizers) was creative, tasty, and rather reasonable. Overall, the food was really good, especially the ahi tuna dumplings that others on Yelp have mentioned. It was just my wife and me, so we only tried one entree, the dry pot chicken, which was good. I wish we had more people with us so we could have tried more of the menu.

We went late (around 10pm) and, since it wasn't too crowded, were able to chat with the wait staff and the owner.  They were all very friendly and interested to hear what we thought about the restaurant and the food.

It's nice to see a legitimate Chinese restaurant that isn't just a copy-cat take out or PF Chang ripoff. I will definitely be going back here over the next few weeks, and hope to bring some friends so I can try a more diverse sampling of their very intriguing menu.

My suggestions:

1) Get that liquor license, pronto. BYOB is cool and all, but if the cocktails are as unique as the food, it should be a great place for drinks.
2) Once you're off and running, hire a wait staff to go with the chic and trendy ambience; the waiter we had, while helpful, didn't have a great ability to articulate what made specific dishes special. But, like I said, we went pretty late so maybe the staff is different during prime time.
3) Consider giving patrons chopsticks by default. It just feels weird for me to eat asian-y food with a fork and knife, and I didn't even grow up using chopsticks.
After speaking with Ben, (one of the owners) he offered me a $60 credit to try the food at Spice 28 one more time. I ordered food with my co-workers and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food this time. I ordered the guacamole, but was informed that they don't make it anymore. We ordered the tuna dumplings, the tuna avocado salad, tropical mango chicken and the shrimp fried rice. The food was fresh, flavorful, and they even gave me a small bowl of guacamole. My co-workers enjoyed the food as well, and commented that they would definitely try the food on their own time. 

Thanks for giving me the opportunity to try the food again Ben! As an owner, I commend you on your spectacular customer service, which completely made up for the lack of service my boyfriend and I received when we went to eat there before.
I don't write a lot of reviews on Yelp but after visiting Spice 28 tonight I feel I almost have to. 

Agree with everything Rory M mentioned below with the creative and delicious dishes, and their friendly and knowledgeable staff. 

Creativity: Everything on the appetizer menu looks great and everything we ordered were absolutely delicious and well presented:
 
Ahi Tuna Dumplings: I had my doubt with the waiter recommended it on our request, but oh man....this must be the thinnest dumpling skin I have ever had.
 
Crispy Wanton in Spicy Sauce: who would think guacamole and traditional Chinese Crispy Wanton would go together that well!

Blue Crab Avocado Salad: half avocado with blue crab salad on top was tasty.

Spicy Cucumber Salad: forget about the authentic Sichuan spicy sauce that comes with it, the fact every single piece of cucumber are the same size and sophisticated shape makes me think the chef really wants to make something outstanding here.

Service is great. Well, I don't normally walk into a Chinese restaurant and expect great service, great food is enough for me; so it was totally unexpected when they stopped by every few minutes and made sure our water glasses are filled, and asked for our feedback on every dish when we finished them. 

We were lucky to have met two of the three partners who started the restaurant today as well, and realized one of the owners, Jack Chen, actually owns another one of our favorite Chinese restaurants in town (Sakura, famous for the best soup dumplings in Philly). Although they are two completely different locations and decor, both places won my foodie heart.

This place reminds me of Gigi's in Houston Galleria (not nearly as expensive of course).

PS: they don't have a liquor license yet, but there is a wine and spirits store next door and you can BYOB.
Food was great! I've been here a few times before, mostly takeout. My friend and I sat in for lunch today. After waiting 15 minutes to place our order, my friend finally ask our waitress (while she brushed pass us) could she take our order. She walks over and ask us "ok, what do you want?"... I have never in my life had a server speak to me that way. I probably won't be back.
My party of 4 went to Spice 28 for an early dinner on Sunday night, about 5:00.  We were the only ones there, but we did not feel lonely.  The staff was so attentive and helpful that we felt as if we were visiting friends in their home.

The location is not the best, as the 1200 block of Chestnut is still mostly closed stores, so we can assume that a low rent was the deciding factor, however, it is really just a block or two from the center of things and should be more than a destination spot.  The interior is beautiful, done in glass and natural woods with a fine architectural eye and fine craft work.  

But the killer was the food.  I have spent some time in China, and I love Chinese food.  I also like very spicy food.  This restaurant was, hands down, the best Chinese food I have had in this country.  It is legitimately schezuan cuisine, with all the spices and flavors of China, and might be even better than most of the food I have eaten in China.

We pretty much followed the recommendations of previous posters and had the pork belly (fabulous!) and cumin lamb (outrageous!)  The appetizers were extraordinary.  The Tuna dumplings, pork dumplings, dan-dan noodles and Chinese pancake were magnificent, all with distinctive flavors and subtle spicing.

I must warn diners that the meat dishes are made the way it is done in China, with handfulls of hot dry red peppers.  They are very hot, and most people do not eat the peppers with the dish, so put them on the side, unless you are an unrepentant chilihead and have a point to prove.

There were so many other dishes that we wanted to try, but we were stuffed, so we have plans to return shortly.  

Spice 28 is an extraordinary restaurant with sharp and legitimate flavors.  Do not miss this new spot because it should be quite busy once the word gets out about the quality of the food and the hospitality of the hosts.
I never write a review for any restaurant whether the food is good or bad, but this is worth one because I left this place feeling like I was ripped off!  

I work just across the street and always order my lunch to-go. Today, I decided to eat at the bar because it didn't look busy (came in a little past 4).  It was just me and another girl who sat at the bar and one party of 3 people who sat at the end of the bar.  You think that OK it wasn't busy so the waiter would see me putting the menu aside and come take my order, no....I had to flag him down after he had taken a phone order before helping me.  I was there, present and been sitting there waiting.  Most restaurants I've been to, the waiter/bar person are very attentive to their table or patrons.  Not at this place.  

My order came quick, I'll give them that.  But all the while when I was eating, he hasn't once come by to check up on how I'm doing or how's the food etc.  I hate when waiters/waitresses are over doing it by coming over so often, but at least once wouldn't hurt.  I finished my food and had to tag him down for a check after the other girl asked for hers.  I looked at the bill and to find out he took my order wrong.  I wanted the Tom Yum Soup ($5) and the Shrimp Mango Salad ($9), ok so I figured I give him a $20 bill for $14ish plus tax should cover it.  Then I noticed the bill was showing a Mango Shrimp for $16, which I thought was suppose to be $9.  Turns out it wasn't what I ordered, so he then asked me if I wanted dessert, which I feel he's offering as a consolation.  I turned it down.  If I wanted dessert, I would have ordered it.  I am not looking to get free anything.  Since it's his mistake, he should have offered some discount off the bill or offer to charge it at the price of what my order should be.  That would go a long way then try to make it up with another food item.  I didn't complain because I wanted something for free.  That's the thing with these Asian places, whether the food  be great or NOT --- the Customer SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!  I would have gone back had they re-price the bill. 

I will never go back again or recommend it to my co-workers about it!  I love having places like this across the street, but the food is not out of this world so I don't feel I'm losing out.  I hope they'll read this and heed what is said if not for the sake of their next incidents.
Excellent, excellent, excellent. This place is definitely not your run of the mill wannabe Asian Fusion restaurant. We went on a lazy Tuesday evening and the place was packed, while surrounding establishments were busy swatting flies. That alone speaks volumes about the quality of the food and service here.

The food is spectacularly delicious. The portions are perfect. The presentation is thoughtful and elegant. The staff is super friendly and attentive and our food came out in a timely manner (despite being packed). We never felt rushed. The ambiance is modern and edgy yet still warm and inviting. The ambient music is not too loud. The lighting and candles are just right . Aside from typical center city parking woes, I really have nothing bad to say about this place.

As a side note, another reviewer spoke poorly of the Saigon beef. I just want to point out that I ordered it and it was de-lish!  I'll be back here for sure.
We were looking for a cute spot after dinner and happened to walk by Spice 28. We walked in and it was pretty busy we sat at the bar. There was only one stool left so I sat and my fiancé was going to stand. Immediate an employee brought over a stool which was much appreciated. 

I was looking for a sweet but strong martini and that is what I got with the french pear martini. Mmm. I wish we hadn't already been drinking because we would have stuck around for a while. 

This restaurant and bar area is VERY small. The bartender took a while to take our order and never checked on us. Another employee came to check on us and by this time we were ready to go. 

I would come again for their perfectly crafted cocktails.
What an unexpected surprise. I was walking around Center City in a haze of "I don't want any of this but I'm hungry" when I saw Spice 28 is having a soft opening. So I took myself out to a really delicious lunch for $8.

My question of "What is kam oyam chicken?" was met with, "It's spicy...sour...it's good. You want?" It was the only thing on the menu of Asia's greatest hits that I didn't recognize, so I thought, "What the heck. Sure." Excellent. It's a creamy curry chicken with potatoes. I suspect the sauce is what's used for the roti canai (aka "Indian pancake"). Thumbs up. And the tom yum soup that came with it was legit spicy. My mouth burned a little, but it was a great punch of flavor. 

I would be psyched to go back and try, oh, everything. Nice modern decor, a wait staff that seems excited. Not that I don't love EZ Bargain for all of my tube sock needs, but here's hoping Spice 28 is a start of great new stuff on this block!
I have to say I enjoyed my visit to Spice 28. My cousin and I met there for happy hour which is from 5 to 7. We took a window seat in the bar area and had the ginger Cosmo which was very good. The young lady bartender wasn't the most professional. She was cursing very loud in a conversation with another patron and was very abrupt with me when I initially approached the bar for a drink. Other than that our server for the rest of the evening was an absolute dream. I wish I could remember his name. 

The happitizers we ordered were the Ahí Tuna Dumplings, Indian Pancakes, Mini Wontons in Chili Oil, Cucumbers, the Spring Roll ( kind of disappointed they only give you one) and the Chicken Wings. Of all these we both enjoyed the tuna dumplings and the pancake the most. The fact that they have happy hour on the weekends is also a major plus.
Not as enamored of this place as everyone else seems to be. It was just alright. 

We ordered a lighter dinner of dan dan noodles and wonton soup with a side of dumplings in chili oil. The best of the 3 was definitively the dumplings. The wonton broth had good flavor but the dumplings could only be described as weak. Weak on flavor with a super soft dough. The boyfriend liked the dan dan noodles but I didn't. We wish they were spicier. I didn't really care for the texture but he enjoyed it.  

Delivery was pretty quick so that's a big plus. I'd give it another shot perhaps. I need to get a better ideal of other delivery in the area before I will make a repeat stop.
Disorganized staffing and seating and highly prejudiced. If I could give them zero, then I would. The staff/management do not treat you respectively and often snap at you just because they want to. My sister was standing near the bar because there was no room and a server wanted to get by and the server screeched "EXCUSE ME" at her. 

There was a family there who were being completely disrespectful toward us and sent an 8 year old child to tell us to quiet down in a public space (literally it's a restaurant and bar). We weren't being any louder than any other table as everyone was speaking loudly in the establishment. Every other table had people talking, drinking and enjoying a good time but they chose a table of Asian people to come tell us to quiet down. Management completely failed at being unbiased and poorly handled the situation. I was SO disappointed in their behavior and completely taken aback of how they would let people treat us as we are ALL paying customers. Because of this experience, I will never want to return. No one wants to pay money to be treated like shit.

lt is truly not worth the aggravation and disrespect you will receive... I cannot cannot stress this enough.
Great little spot for happy hour. Definitely solid specials. I tried all of their Asian beers on the menu and ordered enough small plates to make a meal. Everything was delicious and we were disappointed when we didn't order two of everything. It looks trendier from the outside than the inside. Everything also looks more modern than it is. 

A little pricey none happy hour. If you're in the area during happy hour, there isn't a better place nearby for food and drink.
I have to say that under the circumstances, Spice 28 held up pretty well to the large crowd we showed up with.  The service was snappy, the food was tasty and the price was right.

A party of 10 is no easy feat for any restaurant but things went smoothly for our group.  We showed up after an extended happy hour and we were all pretty hungry and slightly intoxicated.  We began with a few apps for the table.  The Dandan Mien were pretty good though not the best I've ever had.  The cucumbers in chili oil were simply served in a bowl and had that crunchy cool with heat flavor that I so adore.

For entrees, the table ordered a number of dishes.  The one in front of us was the dry pot chicken and I liked it.  The heat level seemed quite appropriate so that I was able to enjoy it without my mouth catching on fire.  I got a taste of the cumin lamb and that dish is not my cup of tea.

It was late and given our rowdy, obnoxious group, Spice 28 handled us very well.  I would like to go back with less people and try more items on their menu.
Oh hell no Spice 28! Do you really think I can't tell the difference between white and brown rice!? It's 3 PM on a Thursday in Center City, the lunch rush is long gone and from what I can tell from the absence of your clean up, you were not that busy. In fact, IN FACT, while I was waiting a half an hour for my very simple, very easy Kung Pao Shrimp lunch complete with rice OF MY CHOICE and soup, I overheard your server not only apologize to the other gentleman who had been waiting 8 years for his food, but give him a voucher for the inconvenience. Enter my frustration and anxiety. There were 2 souls in the whole establishment and your phone was NOT ring a linging off the hook with people calling in orders who didn't want to go out in the rain. But I ventured. I was standing there. I was looking at you for a half an hour while you promised it wouldn't be too much longer. I don't get the disconnect. There's no excuse actually. 

After I checked every Facebook update, Pintrest post, afternoon news around the world and still had time to write my doctoral dissertation, you finally FINALLY brought my food out. "Kung Pao Shrimp with brown rice? So sorry." 

Really? Were you really "so sorry"? 

"I gave you 2 spring rolls since you waited so long." 
"Do they have meat in them?"
"Yes chicken." 
"Oh no thank you I don't eat meat." 
"Oh it's ok." 
"Um...no, it's not ok I don't eat chicken." 
"Well you can give to someone else." 

My nerves and my palatte were still open to the possibility that Spice could be good, that is, until I opened my container to find a bucket of white rice with a dollup of brown in the middle!!! Nnnnnnnnnnno. It's not going down like that Spice. 

My advice: Call ahead, plan to eat in the next lifetime and check before you leave not only that all of your order is there but that it is meat free if you're into that and truly the rice specifications you indicated. 

Boo.
I don't usually review places on Yelp, but I just had to review Spice 28 - simply because I've never had a better dining experience. (And I'm no hermit; I dine out quite a lot!!!) 

We went in there for my friend's birthday on Friday around 7 pm when most places had a wait time of around 2 hours. They seated us within 5 minutes of us walking in despite having an incomplete party. 

Our waitress was amazingly friendly. We were quite surprised to learn it was her first week working at the restaurant, because she was educated on all the menu items & offered great suggestions as we were deciding on appetizers and drinks.

Two of us went with the Lychee Martinis while one of my other friends decided on the Philly Love for drinks, and for apps, we had Thai Crispy Calamari, Indian Pancakes, and Thai Spring Rolls. 

The drinks came out within 5 minutes and the apps followed immediately after. We ordered our entrees - Mango Chicken, Dan Dan Noodles, and Pepper Chicken. When the entrees showed up 20 minutes later, one of the people in the party realized her entree - pepper chicken - was too spicy for her palette, and our waitress (with no fuss!) immediately offered to get her something else and even helped her pick out something much less spicy - Thai Basil Fried Rice. She even left the Pepper Chicken for the rest of us to nibble on! How awesome!

As I mentioned before, it was my friend's bday so obviously we had to get dessert. I managed to sneak away from the table to ask our waitress if she could surprise my friend with a candle lit dessert. Of course, our waitress pulled me aside so my friend wouldn't notice us huddling over the dessert menu. (How sweet & thoughtful!?) We picked out the house dessert (Exotic Bomba) for dessert, which was bought out by four "Happy Birthday" singing wait staff. 

Did I mention she didn't charge us for the dessert nor did she charge us for the Pepper Chicken?

If you do decide go, please ask for Stephanie!!! We were so amazed by her, we even had her call her manager over so we could let the manager know what a wonderful job this girl was doing! :)
Some of the best Asian outside of China-town. The best part of this fusion restaurant is that they do every type of cuisine very well. I specifically enjoyed their dry pepper pot dishes (Especially the lamb) you can not go wrong with the lamb. This is the type of spot where you can have a classy dinner with drinks and still keep it under 60 dollars for 2 people. I would typically get fried rice or a noodle dish with the dry pepper pot meat and a couple of beer or wine if that's your fancy. 

I typically try and eat at numerous places before making decisions on what places to go back to. This is definitely on the list of restaurants in philly that I will be returning to. Only issue is no happy hour. I told the manager that the competition on 13th all offer amazing happy hour specials so maybe we might see one soon :) 

Enjoy I promise you'll be happy
This is the second top-notch restaurant I've come across during my stay in the City of Brotherly Love. As you'll see in this review, the love shines through at Spice 28.

My wife and I sat down and ordered our drinks while we reviewed the menu. I got a Sapporo, she got a cocktail named Philly Love. While mine tasted as expected, she raved about hers. It was one of those dangerously delicious drinks - after a few sips, you knew a good amount of alcohol was hiding behind its mildly sweet flavor. Kudos to the bartender on mixing that up.

While we were still indecisive about our entrees, we decided to order up some appetizers. We chose the lobster bisque and seared tuna carpaccio. The carpaccio was beyond good. It was lightly seared peppered tuna wrapped around pieces of crab, sitting atop sweet vinaigrette sauce. We were shocked at how well this plate was put together and would order this again in a heartbeat.

The lobster bisque? Eh, not so good... It had decent sized pieces of crab, but just didn't have much flavor. We were also expecting more of a pink-style bisque, but this one was red. But here's where Spice 28 earned their fifth star. They not only took it off our bill, but insisted on giving us a bowl of their Tom Yum soup, free of charge. This is what we should have ordered instead of the bisque. It was mildly spicy and full of citrus flavor. We really dug that one!

That wasn't the only place where the service shined though. Even though the place was nearly full, throughout our entire meal, they were completely attentive and refilling our water constantly.

Finally, I settled on a Szechuan Chicken dish (can't remember the name but it was rated a 3 on the 1-to-3 spice scale they use). Spicy it was. But I like spicy. If my forehead is sweating and I'm still eating, to me, that's just perfect. The salty szechuan oil flavor came through, not too strong, but just the right amount.

My wife ordered the Blue Crab Avocado Salad. We both agreed that this tasted so light and refreshing. The crab was delicious and the balsamic vinaigrette dressing is lightly sweet. Initially my wife thought the portion may be too small, but after eating it, decided it was just the right amount.

We made sure to leave room for dessert and ordered a lemon-raspberry cheesecake (which was more of a torte than a New York style cheesecake). It was beautifully plated and also a perfectly light note to the end of our meal.

If we're ever back in the Philly area, we will be back.
I used to love this place.  I probably have ordered from here over 50 times and also been a few times.  However recently I had a terrible interaction with their owner.

I ordered two dry pepper style shrimp on grubhub, which is described as being triple flash fried and served with scallions.  It arrived without batter, and was clearly not fried, and had none of the vegetables it mentioned.

I called the restaurant and they acknowledged that there was a problem with how the item shows up on grubhib vs what it actually is and agreed to send me new food of my choosing (great, right?). 

Unfortunately, after 25 minutes of waiting I received a call back saying they had decided not to send me anything.  I asked why and was told the owner reviewed the situation and said I shouldn't have ordered shrimp (which makes no sense b/c the shrimp was not as described, at all).  I pressed and they wouldn't help so I asked for the owner directly and she refused to speak to me.  I could hear her in the background shouting in Chinese.  I told them they should review my extensive order history which would demonstrate that I'm a loyal customer and even after doing so they refused to help me - flat out.  What a terrible owner, and business model they have.  I will be going to (or ordering from) one of the many other Szechuan establishments in Philly such as Dan Dan, Han Dynasty or Jane G's next time I want this type of food.
Needed some down/alone time during a conference. I found this place and immediately had to try their Pad Thai. 
I was able to conveniently order online and pickup at the restaurant which was just a three block or so walk from the Loews where I was staying. 
Ready when I got there, friendly staff, and (most importantly) delicious food!
My pad Thai was spicier than the sweet version I find in Central PA, but I loved it.
**THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON FOOD THAT WAS DELIVERED**

First of all, i have a disgusting story that i have to share as to exactly why I am giving this place 1 stars. However, even without the story that will follow, i would still only rate it at 2 stars. Firstly, here is my review of the food i ordered:

2 out of 5 stars. I ordered Pineapple fried rice and Panang Curry, both of which i love and order frequently from other places.

The pineapple fried rice was a bit odd (had raisins in it??) and just was literally white rice that was fried, then cut up pineapple and cut chicken tossed into it instead of it all being cooked together to create that delicious flavor that i love about pineapple fried rice.

Panang curry was just bland and boring. Again the chicken was not cooked with it, just thrown into it.

Now onto why i dropped my score from a 2 to a 1. Like i said, i had the food delivered. It was later on saturday and i was starving. So naturally, i was waiting at the window like a starving dog to watch for the delivery guy, anticipating my incoming food. I saw a delivery person pull up to our apartment lobby door. He then parked his bike, and (not realizing i was watching) decided to step behind the first car parked ON THE STREET RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR BUILDING IN FULL VIEW and relieve himself. I came down to meet him at the door and he was still giving it a couple wiggles (dont wanna drip, that would be bad). I took the food from him and just shook my head. not like a "im pissed" shake..more like that "im disappointed in you shake" your mom used to give you when you did something wrong. I debated eating the food because i was so disgusted, but alas, i was starving so i did..

I won't be ordering from them again but not even because of the disgusting delivery screw up..simply because i can get much better elsewhere (ahem..Erawan)
Loved it!!!

The spicy appetizer cucumber appetizer alone gets 5 stars. It was AMAZING!!! I can't remember the last time I loved so much I wanted to lick the bowl clean. It's a cold dish, and the cucumbers are in this amazing sweet, peanut-y, tangy, well spiced sauce. Spiced by the hands of god, I'd say ;) We were there during happy hour so they were only $3 which is a steal. 

The Tom Yum soup was indeed yum but didn't quite get the flavor I'm used to/was craving. Still worth it though.

I ordered the drunken noodles for my main dish, also really good but just a tad bit too dry. Still really enjoyed them and I would order them again but didn't blow my mind.

The space is really cute, especially if you can snag one of the seats by the window that are super comfy.

The staff was super nice and friendly. I asked for hot sauce for my main course and they brought out regular hot sauce as well as their house sauce. This was one of the most unique hot sauces I've ever had. It had a really...warm...taste. I know that sounds weird but you have to try it to understand. It was flavorful more than spicy and I really enjoyed it. 

Long story short - go! and order the spicy cucumbers and ask for the house hot sauce!
Having passed by Spice on several occasions, I finally decided to give them a try when we ran into crowd problems around the corner.  A quick hop onto Open Table locked me a reservation and the chance to test their Asian Fusion.  We were promptly seated, provided recommendations, and left to decide on our order.  It was a nice bonus to find the Yelp check-in offer while looking for recommendations on Yelp!

We shared a few apps, Ahi Tuna Dumplings and another which name I've already forgotten.  The Dumplings were great and while the other wasn't bad, I guess not remember its name should be a sign.  For my main, I ended up keeping it simple with some Beef Pad Thai.  Yes, it is a standard fair, but it hit the spot.  My friends both ended up with Panang Curry and enjoyed it.  Portions were fair, but on the smaller side.  

Beyond the food, service is solid and the staff was more than willing to join the joking around of our small group.  The atmosphere is nice and could work for an evening out or a date.  Oh yeah, the Thai Ginger Coconut bomb is a pretty sweet drink, but I wished it had a bit more of a coconut kick...
Authentic Chinese food, absolute enjoyment, period.
I am so, so, so glad we stopped in here for dinner.  My friend and I were having drinks not far from here and wanted some food.  I remembered seeing this restaurant pop up in my yelp feed and suggested we stop in.  The restaurant was empty except for two other tables when we got there, which doesn't surprise me given their location on Chestnut Street.  

The decor is very modern and sleek with a really cool table at the side of the arch separating the bar area from the dining area.  (Side note: they don't have their liquor license yet, so no alcohol is being served)

Our server was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered a few appetizers which came out quickly.  The chicken satay was flavorful and tender and the peanut sauce was incredible, I could eat that on everything.  The edamame was steamed and salted perfectly.  I had a bite of my friend's Indian pancake and would definitely order that the next time I go too.  For an entree, we both got the dan dan noodles, which were very spicy (only a spice level 1 on their menu) but I still ate almost the entire bowl.  The noodles were chewy, the broth clung perfectly, and the pork was tasty on it's own.  My only downside to the food is that it was so good that I ate so much that I was very full for the walk home.  I'm not holding that against the restaurant, though.  

The last thing I want to mention is the manager, Ben, who came over and made sure everything was to our satisfaction.  When my friend didn't finish her noodles, he assumed it was because they were too spicy and sent out a complimentary order of Pad Thai noodles, which were also absolutely amazing.  Ben was very friendly and remembered our name to say goodbye to us.  I snagged some menus (they do take out for lunch) and can't wait until my next time to go back.
The perfect trifecta of quantity, quality, and service!

We're from out-of-state and found this place via Yelp. We were lured in by the 10% off offer and decided to give it a try (don't forget to check-in!).

Atmosphere: Dim lighting, aka not the ideal location for picture-taking. The bar section was lit up with neon colors, while the restaurant was candlelit. The vibe of the whole place was a weird yet interesting mix between modern, retro, and classy.

Food: The flavors! SO GOOD. Everything our table ordered was delicious. We were all left feeling thoroughly full and barely able to move afterwards.

As for recommendations -- try the champagne duck! The duck is soft but not too chewy. It comes layered with salad and fruit mixed in at the bottom, which balance out the strong meat flavor. The fruit (mango and jicama) were decent; the mango was lacking a bit in taste, but overall still good. The dish also came with thin apple slices on the side. Yum, yum, yum.

I would also recommend trying the ahi tuna dumplings. They're the perfect amount of crunchy, and even more mouthwatering combined with the guacamole-esque sauce.

Service: Excellent! Extremely attentive and responsive. We asked for part our meal to-go, which included a partially-eaten bowl of rice. When the server came back and dropped off our leftovers, we noticed that he had replaced our old rice with fresh, warm rice. It's little gestures like these that make all the difference and show how much a restaurant cares.

Parking: One thing to note, parking is sparse and the surrounding area is busy, so I would recommend taking some other means of transportation or you may be walking quite a ways.

Overall: Fabulous choice for a night out. Highly recommended!
My friends and I were visiting from NY, walking around the area for a place to eat and stumbled upon Spice 28! So happy that we did!  Cool ambiance! Great food and service!
Followed Yelps recommendation and visited while in Philly. My street noodles were exceptional. I was in Bangkok and Chaing Mai recently; Spice 28 is authentic. 

Our server had great energy and was attentive. The lychee martini was outstanding.
After hearing tons of hype about this place, I was so pumped to finally check it out.

The interior has a suave look with geometric shapes, low colored lighting, and plentiful space. The tables are not close together. This is a neat looking bar at the entrance with a decent looking cocktail list to boot.

The appetizers were out of this world good: Indian pancake, which is a thin soft flaky pancake served with a small dish of chicken curry to dip in. SO FREAKING GOOD. Best thing in my mouth all night, hands down. The dumplings in chili oil melted in my mouth, and had a nice spice. The spicy cucumber, which is a favorite of mine, were perfectly crispy and refreshing, with a good amount of spice. 

I hoped and prayed the entrees would be just as mind blowing, but they were good, not great. This is still saying a lot, as compared to what I had as appetizers. The green curry had a good overall flavor, but the curry was a little thin. The mapo tofu had really good flavor but not as spicy as expected.

Loved the cocktail list though I wasn't imbibing that evening. If you're into beer, this place doesn't have anything special but a basic selection of domestics and a few Asian imports.

I will be coming back here MANY times, this place makes me very, very happy.
Spice 28 is apparently named for the number of Asian seasonings that are not stocked in the kitchen.  

On the basis of the positive reviews here on Yelp, my friend and I, visiting from out of town, made a reservation for dinner.

I tried to order the tofu lemongrass hotpot, but the waiter came back to say that they did not have the ingredients for the base.  My friend tried to order the seafood hot pot, but the waiter came back to say they were out of seafood.  (Yes, really).  This was a Tuesday night, and the restaurant was not crowded.

Instead I had the coconut lemongrass soup and the Thai basil tofu.  The soup was thin and tasteless, and there was no lemongrass in it or near it when it was cooked.  No flavor at all, and certainly not coconut.  Just a nondescript broth with some uncooked vegetables floating on the top.  Not enough seasoning to qualify as dishwater in Thailand.

The Thai basil tofu, when it first came out, was stone cold.  They offered to make another one, but brought it back suspiciously fast.  I think it was just reheated.  Even still, it was only warm.  Worse, there was no hint of basil of any kind in the dish or in the sauce, let alone Thai basil, which has a pretty strong taste.  I've never had a Thai basil dish where there weren't cooked basil leaves everywhere--I looked, I couldn't find a single piece of basil.  The sauce was just sour, one note at best.  No seasoning.

My friend substituted the peppered Tuna, which he said was good.  But we had to remind the waiter twice to bring it whenever it was ready and not wait until I was done with my soup.

My friend was interested to know the selection of desserts, but the owner said they were out of all desserts except ice cream, which he offered to give us for free.

Bad night or overrated?  I wouldn't go back even if I was a local, so I can't say.
We ordered takeout orders here twice, both orders were large orders, one for lunch and one for dinner.

Overall, come here if you want more authentic Chinese food that is different than the takeout stuff that is around Jefferson Hospital.  However, if you have the time, just walk a few blocks further to Chinatown to get the "real deal" for about half the price and double the quantity.

Lunch: we ordered 6 lunch combos and some scallion pancakes.  The entrees were well made and the container separated the entrees from the rice.  The brown rice though was really tough and dry.  The entrees were overall very good, 4/5 stars and the right amount of spice.  The soup options for lunch were wonton or tom yum.  Both were awful!  The tom yum was way to oily and the wonton soup came with a SINGLE wonton for the entire container.

Dinner: the food was the right amount of spice and good quality, but for $12-15 for an entree, the portions were way too small.  As an asian restaurant, the dishes should be portioned enough to share as a group, not as a single person entree.  I know you are trying to make your food seem more "luxuries" but your prices are outrageous for the portions compared to other Asian places.  Han Dynasty or Szechuan Spicy house have the same exact food but with much cheaper prices and bigger portions for sharing with a group of people.

Overall: If you want the fancy ambience and are willing to pay extra money for that for less portion and slight above average quality, then come here.  If you want more authentic spicy Szechuan food, goto Han Dynasty or Szechuan Spicy house instead where the prices are much better and the portions are sized for sharing.  Both of those places are BYOB also.
I don't know why people are giving more than 2 stars but I would have to say I am never ordering from here again. 

Maybe I'm being unfair by giving one star because I ordered one dish and a soup but by the taste of my veggie pad thai, I know this place is not legit. It is the worst pad thai I've ever had. There's no sauce on it. I feel like I'm eating stir fried noodles with tofu. The wonton soup isn't so bad but would not suggest or recommend this place to anyone.
I have walked by this place countless times and have been intrigued by the sleek, modern decor and the soft green and red lights emanating from the bar. I actually sat down this time with a friend and I assure you, we will be coming back. We got a table by the window. Their happy hour is 5-7 on weekdays and we got several glasses of $4 wine. From the happy hour menu we ordered the dumplings in chili oil and the ahi tuna dumplings. Both were good but they did not blow me away. 

However, the star of the show was their Mapo tofu. Their mapo tofu with minced pork was phenomenal. I had steadfastly claimed that E Mei had the best mapo tofu but now we've got a competitor. This one is silky and so flavorful without being overly spicy. With warm white rice, it was heaven. I will certainly be coming back for this dish and I high recommend everyone to try it! 

Additionally, the service was wonderful and friendly and attentive.
Went here with 7 of my college friends. The food was great, well-priced, and large portions and the servers were very friendly. They let us bring about 60 beers and some wine, gave us an ice bucket, and helped remove beer from the table. On top of that, they gave us free dessert. All in all a great experience
Spice 28 is a Hidden Gem and an Asian Heaven at 1228 Chestnut Street. The beautiful modern decor, the fabulous food, and the friendly staff is an extremely pleasant addition to Midtown Village. The lunch menu is very, very reasonable, absolutely delicious, and interesting spicy, aromatic flavors explode as you indulge. Spice 28 is the best Asian food in the area. Make sure when you go to the 13th corridor known as Midtown Village, you stroll over to Chestnut Street to enjoy Spice 28 while you can get a table before they becomes the new hot spot in Center City.
I missed all the group outings that have occurred here recently, but I did finally get to stop in for dinner.  I'm starting with 3 stars for now because we had some service issues.  We were waiting a long time for our entrees (drunken noodles with chicken and dan dan noodles).  Everyone else around us was being served, and finally a waitress stopped by and said something about them making our dinner again because it had gotten cold.  The manager also stopped by and apologized, and gave us the wonton with guacamole appetizer on the house.  The drunken noodles were the stand out.  The dan dan noodles definitely aren't as good as Han Dynasty.  The dumplings in chili oil were good too.

I definitely appreciated the efforts to rectify the service problems, but we ended up being there for close to 2 hours.  I anticipate that I'll be updating this review to 4 stars once I get a chance to go back.
Restaurant week lunch here was superb. Or rather, I will say the food was superb. 

We got an incredible selection (between 3 of us) of dumplings in chili oil, calamari and rock shrimp - then cumin lamb, sesame chicken and pad Thai - then key lime cheesecake, tiramisu and green tea mochi ice cream. All told, the food was fabulous - all flavorful, all fresh ingredients. I think we enjoyed the rock shrimp and cumin lamb the most! 

I would say the ambiance isn't anything too special - it was crowded and loud when we were there, but had good energy. Unfortunately amidst the good energy were frazzled waiters and waitresses who misplaced our order, so our hour long lunch turned into almost 2 and one of my dining companions was late to her next engagement. 

I will still give these guys props though, for apologizing and trying to make it up to us by bringing all of the food out at once (even dessert!) and giving us bags to take them home. I would be back, maybe on a slower day or when I have more time!
4.5/5

My friend and I came here for happy hour and had a great time! $4 wines from 4-7 and cheap apps. Appetizer wise we got the tuna dumplings and dumplings in chili oil. I don't think I would get the tuna dumplings again-the cooked tuna element was weird. The dumplings were good but they only give you 4. 

Here goes another one of my mapo tofu reviews: BIG NEWS-this place has replaced e mei as my number one place for mapo. Jiggly tofu, spicy but not crazy spicy plus not too greasy. Good amount of meat and huge portion. Only complaint is that they could of served more rice with the dish. I also love the fact that I can eat it in a restaurant and not an awkward Chinatown establishment. 

Our server was great. He kept the wine flowing and was very friendly!
This place is hands down a VERY good restaurant/bar. Let me just say that I stopped in two weeks ago as a result of reading some of the Yelp! reviews.  I am so glad I discovered it. The food was sooooo delicious. Since I was on business, I came in by myself and decided to sit at their bar. Very cool. (They have these huge floor to ceiling windows that open to the street to give it a very open/airy feeling.)  If I recall correctly, I had the ahi dumplings (which were fried) and came with avocado. Delectable!! I was also recommended to try the drunken noodles with shrimp. Yummmy!!! While I was having dinner, I got a chance to meet the owner, the bar manager and one of the bartenders. Everyone was super cool!!!  I'm definitely coming back. In fact, I gotta be in Philly this coming week....
As a Philadelphia "midtown" resident, I was pleased to see a new restaurant coming to the area, and not only to the area, but to Chestnut Street (rather than 13th between Chestnut and Walnut where we already have a glut of amazing restaurants and shops). Here's hoping that the good food (and good shops) keep moving down Chestnut!

Spice 28's waitstaff was superbly friendly (handshakes and name exchanges) and attentive without being irritating. The food was delicious across the board: tom yum soup (spicy, especially enjoyed the snap pea pods!), chili mini wontons (nice heat!), potstickers (just as they should be), wonton soup (nice broth), vegetarian drunken noodles (does not come spicy).

Must give an individualized nod to the special order of spicy tuna wonton atop guacamole: fabulous!
I ordered take out at lunchtime from Spice 28 today. They are currently in the soft opening phase. I was very impressed with the decor. The food was absolutely delicious. The offer both Chinese and Thai cuisine. The portions were large and the proces were very reasonable. I especially enjoyed the massaman curry. Spice 28 is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood.
After seeing the rave review that my sister (Hyun-Ha K.) gave, I decided to give Spice 28 a try today. When we got to the restaurant, the owner greeted us at the door & asked "do you have a reservation" in a weird way which made me & my boyfriend give each other a look. The restaurant was empty, why would you ask us that question? Do you not want us to spend money in your restaurant?

We ended up ordering the tuna avocado salad, the Saigon beef (after the server raved about it), the drunken noodles, & the ahi tuna dumplings. The tuna avocado salad was good, with fresh chunks of tuna, avocado, spinach leaves all dressed in a spicy mayo/yuzu sauce. We then received the entrees of the saigon beef and the drunken noodles. The drunken noodles were on point, tasting of basil with a good kick to it. They were just like the ones you usually get at a decent Thai place. Now onto the Saigon beef. My boyfriend said it tasted like a1 steak sauce. But after I took a bite, I immediately knew the taste. It tasted just like KFC's boneless honey bbq wings. It cracked me up how much it tasted exactly like those boneless chicken wings! The ahi tuna dumplings were okay, I didn't like how the tuna was cooked, it would have been so much better with raw ahi tuna, but the dish was fine. 

Now onto the annoying parts of dinner. 

1. We NEVER got our water refilled. The servers were clearly not paying attention to us, seeing how every other table got their own carafe of water, while we were ignored. 
2. The servers never asked us how our food was, or even offered any rice to us fo the Saigon beef entree. The servers avoided our table like we were the black plague. Why? I don't get it. We ordered a good amount of food, and we were very friendly to the staff. 
3. The other tables were offered free dessert, while we were offered none. The female owner went around to the other tables and chit chatted with the diners, but failed to come to talk to us. 

With bad service, comes a bad tip. I've never been treated so indifferently at a restaurant. The only plus of the restaurant was the decor. With the way the servers were running around and talking to each other about how dishes were coming out incorrectly (the plus of having a boyfriend who speaks Mandarin), it's safe to say I won't be frequenting this establishment ever again.
Review is only for SIPS happy hour. I came here with a few friends, great environment. AWESOME cocktail menu with a variety of base liquors. Try the dragon nectar drink!! By far my favorite cocktail!
Sometimes hard to nail down the waiters for their attentions during dinner hours, but I didn't mind much since I was catching up with friends.
Ambience was great. Modern-cool-mellow. Is the best way I can describe it ! Nice design . It's a small space but it seemed to accommodate a lot of people comfortably. 

Food was very timely. The staff was friendly and attentive . 

Food was great  overall. I had the shrimp pad Thai. The shrimp were a nice size.
My boyfriend had the beef Saigon , which is beef cuts over chopped onions an white rice . He enjoyed it. For a appetizer we had calamari and spicy cucumber. Both were good but the calamari was better. The cucumber was in a bath of spicy sauce. It was refreshing ! But not something I would order again.
Drinks: I also has the Thai ice tea, Good! Just imagine sweet tea with milk added! 
            Boyfriend had dragon nectar cocktail , it was sweet and fruity. Not a heavy liquor taste .
I work in an office at Broad and Chestnut, and lord knows I'm always looking for a good, inexpensive lunch spot. My usual is Saladworks (so expensive) or Grocery (there are only so many days in a week I can eat soup). And then I smelled my cube neighbor's lunch today. $7.44 got me wonton soup and what was possibly the best green curry I've ever eaten. It's labelled on the menu as a "1" on the spicy scale (3 is the highest), and I'm definitely glad that I didn't ask for it spicier. It probably would've been just as delicious, but when I'm at work, I don't want to sweat curry all afternoon. That said, the "1" had a great little kick to it. The chicken was tender, the veggies (carrots, peppers and greenbeans, maybe?) had just a little crunch in them, and the sauce was pretty close to heaven. Best part, the portions are large enough that I can easily get two lunches out of a meal. This restaurant opening actually makes me a little sad that I'm moving out of state in a week.

ps. Ask the hostess to turn on the bar while you're waiting for your take out. You won't regret it.
I went in ready to give this place a 4 based on the ambiance and prices, I couldn't avoid it-- a 5 had to be given.

"Why?", you may ask... the food was excellent! Here are my humble opinions on everything we ordered:

1) Pork dumplings in chili oil- This was my favorite appetizer. The sauce was great.

2) Steamed duck buns? (I forget the exact name)- The flavor was good. I'm not a big fan of steamed buns in general. These were good, just not my personal cup of tea.

3) Drunken Noodles with Beef- Oh wow. I'm still dreaming about this dish. The flavor was phenomenal and the beef was nice n tender. 

4) Green Curry with Tofu- Yum Yum Yum.

5) Spicy Fish entrée the Waiter recommended- I'm not really sure which one this was, but it was great! 

6) Ahi tuna dumplings- These little guys were crispy and delicious.

The ambiance was a little more upscale than I was imagining. There was colorful lighting with some louder club-ish music playing- I felt like we were in a swanky little lounge.

Each entrée was very filling and about $15, which was really reasonable! I hope to come back to Philly just so I can chow down on some more drunken noodles!
I drove by Spice 28 numerous times before it's grand-opening with the assumption that their food is probably the same as Chinatown, but twice the price with smaller portions. I would've never thought about giving this place a try if my friend didn't want to have dinner here.

So let's cut to the chase...

SERVICE
1. There were 4 of us & we ordered 2 appetizers and 4 entrees. 40 minutes passed and our table held nothing, but 4 glasses that were almost empty.
2. When our entrees arrived, our appetizers were still nowhere to be found. When we notified our server about the matter, he had a look of confusion on his face like he had forgotten.
3. We finally received our appetizer and realized one was missing. FYI: We were still waiting for the edamame, which should've only taken 5 minutes TOPS.
4. We got our edamame AFTER we finished our entrees. You can tell it was sitting on the kitchen counter for a while because it was so cold.
5. Our server rarely checked on our table until we were ready for our check. He finally realized the edamame issue and offered to discard it and take it off the bill...kind of too late don't cha think?

FOOD
Appetizer: Crispy Calamari - I wouldn't recommend this dish as I tasted more of the breading of the squid than the squid itself. It was bland and just plain meh..

Entree: I had the Thai Basil Style Chicken with brown rice. One of my friends at the table ordered the same dish, but they were garnished differently. Mine had a poor presentation. It was sloppy and had 2 puny lettuce leaves sitting on the corner of my plate, while his was decorated nicely with crispy lettuce and radish/carrot strings(picture posted above). The dish was standard. It reminded me of the chicken basil noodles I usually order at Banana Leaf. It was nothing spectacular that made them any different than the restaurants in Chinatown. The temperature of my dish was strange. A part of my dish was really hot and other parts were cold. You know when you microwave food and the temperature is uneven? Well, it was exactly like that. My BF ordered the Drunken Noodles w/ Beef. The portion was ridiculously small with probably 5 strands of noodles that were covered by mostly vegetables and a few pieces of beef. The dish was whatever. Due to the portion size, it left my BF's stomach half empty that he had to eat a good portion of my entree.

Let's just say we ended the night at a pizza parlor. We jokingly agreed upon grabbing a slice of pizza if we're not satisfied with dinner. Didn't know we'll actually do it...
I just ordered via delivery, and it was my first time trying this place. The soup that was ordered spilled all over the bag, emptying the soup carton, and coating the other dishes in greasy soup. Secondly, the amount of duck in the duck salad was appalling, considering the price. Personally, I will never eat here again, and I wouldn't recommend it either.
AMAZING.

(You can stop reading right here and go eat at Spice 28...)

After departing early from Made in America, a friend and I ducked into Spice on a whim. It's beautiful from the outside: candles, modern furniture, dim lighting. The place just oozes chic. 

We began with the Tom Yum soup, despite the recommendation of the Spicy Cucumber from Dip, our waitress. It was so yummy (see what I did there? Tom Yum...yummy...?!): hot, a little creamy, with the perfect amount of vegetables and a touch of spice. 

For the second course, I had the Ma Pao Tofu and my friend had the Pad Thai with Tofu. My entree was just as Dip had described it, hot and rich. The Pad Thai was light and fresh with crispy tofu strips. I almost stole the whole dish!

We also had the opportunity to try the Spicy Cucumbers. GET THEM. THEY ARE INCREDIBLE. Yeah, they're spicy. But they're also ridiculously good. I can't explain it. I can't describe it. Just eat them and thank me later.

We split a pumpkin cake thing for dessert. It was good, not great.

Overall, we had an excellent experience that I can't stop raving about! I'll definitely be back to see Anna and Dip and their delicious, affordable food.
When I found out a new Szechuan restaurant had opened up, I thought oh god another oily, spicy restaurant like Hans Dynasty.  My curiosity and the love to try out new restaurants brought me here for dinner tonight. 

The decor was absolutely mystifying and beautiful and kind of reminds me of a toned down version of morimoto or pod.
We browsed through the menu and finally selected : 1 order of Indian pancake and Guacamole wontons (very different).  Entree: Cumin Lamb, Dryed Pepper Fish fillet and Chicken Fried rice.
We had saw a fully stocked bar but was never offered a menu. We decided to ask the waitress (she was absolutely amazing and very friendly) if they were serving alcoholic bvgs. The answer was no but  a few minutes later she came back with 2 wonder drinks on the house that they concocted called Summer Love (which taste delish).

Apps finally made it to the table and aside from the 2 apps we ordered she gave us an app on the house (Rock Shrimp) which was my favorite appetizer out of all 3. It was fried shrimp (not greasy and perfectly battered) on top of a bed of greens with a side of an amazing dressing.  
Indian pancake was not what i expected it was more of a scallion pancake minus the scallions. It was good but the sauce was a bit bland. 

Cumin lamb was spicy and had tons of flavor and the same is said with the Dry Pepper Fish. The only complaint since I can handle spice was that it wasn't spicy enough for me but it was very tasty without being too salty or drained with oil. 

Overall the Service was impeccable especially our waitress.  I think Spice 28 blows Hans Dynasty out of the water whether it's decor or flavor of food. Spice 28 would be my recommendation to friends and family if Szechuan food is craved.   I'm sure once the get their liquor license the place will be booming. Good Luck!
This is an average place.  The calamari was beyond boring.  The spring rolls did not taste fresh.  The drunken noodle was satisfying but certainly not the experience other reviewers made it out to be.  Space-age decor makes it all worse. Feels like a frozen yogurt joint.  I won't go back.
My husband and I hit this place up for lunch since it is so close to our apartment and we had heard some pretty good things about it. The interior is pretty cool looking and has a great ambiance- I can see it being a good date night spot- but for lunch it was a little overkill with all the "soundtrack music" in the background ( my husband commented that it was the perfect music to tell me he was going to die or something dramatic like that.) 

The food was good but not great. We had the dan dan noodles to start and the ahi tuna wontons, I had the blue crab salad and my husband had the drunken noodles with chicken. His chicken was some weird shaved nonsense that had a strange flavor and even weirder texture. My salad was fine, but fairly bland. It was pretty pricey for the the quality and size of the portions we got. 

Service was also pretty dicey. They forgot to bring our drinks, never once refilled our water (and we were eating some spicy stuff!) and took awhile to get the food to the table. 

Bottom Line: If you are looking for a more upscale Asian dining experience I would check it out- not a great place for lunch but I can see how dinner would be better.
I went to Spice 28 last week for my Dad's birthday, and I was disappointed by the lack of professionalism we experienced. I try to be patient and understanding with food service workers, because I have a lot of restaurant jobs under my belt as well. However I'm disappointed to report that we had a terrible waiter. She didn't know the basics of the menu (I asked what jicama was and she rolled her eyes and said "I don't know"). I disclosed my food allergies at the beginning of the evening and later ordered 2 items to which the waitress didn't respond with a concrete answer when I asked if they were safe with my allergies. About 45 minutes later entrees were served for the rest of the table except for mine which is when I was informed they couldn't make any of my food. Everyone was already digging in, and it seemed silly to order something that would arrive well after our party had finished. Our waitress was not the one who took responsibility for communicating this, and the other waiter offered a small bowl of rice in consolation, which was almost insulting. I don't understand how such poor service on a quiet Thursday in a competitive food city like Philly in 2016 would unfold. I wonder if the waitress was just riding on the exorbitantly high included gratuity to be expected in the check due to our party size of 8. My family plan never to return to Spice 28 as there is much better service at a number of Japanese restaurants in the same price range. I would recommend Raw and Zama as they both has fantastic food, service, and atmosphere!

The good at Spice 28 did look appetizing but I wouldn't know how it tastes.
Last night, my dad and I were wandering around looking for a place to eat - without reservations.  After SIPS, it's not the easiest thing in the world.  Let me just say, that was the best thing that could have happened. 

Spice 28 is a true gem. The atmosphere was perfect, the staff was friendly, and the food was phenomenal.  My dad is pretty indifferent when it comes to food, however he could not stop raving about the dressing on the Blue Crab and Avocado salad.  I'd call that a win.  Other dishes I'd highly recommend: Mini Wontons, Duck Crepe, Spring Rolls and the Tuna guacamole wontons.  This was a great meal and a memorable experience, and I can't wait to go back. Also, they served us a sort of pancake dessert, that, like everything else was amazing. 

Take advantage and go there now before this place becomes packed too!
So there are some specific reasons why this is not a four star review. It easily could have been. So I came here with my girlfriend's family from out of town and we had reservations. It was a Saturday and we were a party of 7 so I appreciated that they were able to accommodate us and seat us immediately when we got there.

The atmosphere was inviting, young, fun and looked really upscale for the prices. I was pleasantly surprised. The cocktail menu was fun and every drink I tasted was delicious. This is when the review starts to go south. The server we had was so kind and really great, however, it took her forever to get our drinks/take our order/deliver our food. I mean we were there for probably close to three hours and it really wasn't that busy. At times I saw her chatting with the bartender and wishing she would make eye contact to come over to us. 

When we finally received our main dishes they were all super tasty. Again, for the price and location you really do get a bang for your buck. The part that made this a two star review for me was when I went to try my girlfriend's dish. I felt someone hard in my mouth, she had a shrimp pad thai which should be relatively soft. I pulled it out and it was a LEG! I was mortified. I was also in the company of family that I was not familiar with so I didn't mention it to the staff. I am sure they would have compensated me and handled it accordingly. However, I was just ill at that point. I have no idea what kind of leg it was. I am just trying to convince myself it was a shrimp leg but I have no idea. 

So TL:DR: I initially thought I was going to really like this place but am forever turned off to it.
Spice 28 is a nice little place located at the heart of center city. They have an awesome lunch menu - usually soup comes with your entree. But even the regular menu has a lot of options. Their food is pretty good and they serve a decent portion too. My favorite is their pineapple fried rice - loaded with nuts and pineapples. I recently also tried their Indian pancake and it tasted awesome.

This place gets super busy during lunch time on weekdays since there are a lot of offices around this area. But they have a lot of tables - so I haven't waited for more than two minutes any time. 

Their prices are pretty reasonable too. Not very expensive for their location. If you are looking for a Thai/Asian Fusion place in center city which is not super expensive, this is the place to go. They serve pretty fast. The decor is very casual.

If you are a vegan/vegetarian, make sure you specify no fish sauce because they tend to have that in many of their dishes. They are also accommodating and flexible in customizing the menu according to your dietary restrictions. 

They also have a yelp check in discount. Definitely give this place a try.
I was here on a Friday night with a 730 reservation, but upon arriving there were quite a few tables available so it might not have been necessary. (All of that to say, this could be a "walk-in" place if you find yourself walking around center city on the weekend wanting some decent food). We started off with the pancake and curry sauce and I have to say, that curry sauce was DELICIOUS. I wanted it on everything (I'll explain more later). It was creamy and peanut-y and the pancakes were crispy and not greasy at all. So good. I ordered the satay with tofu because I was looking forward to more delicious peanut sauce but that was not the case. When I think of satay, I think peanut, but this didn't really have much of a peanut flavor. It wasn't bad...it just didn't taste spicy and peanuty-y. The prices are good the service is good and the place is decent. Our bill would have been on the lower side for a meal in center-city on a Friday night if it were not for the bottle of sake that we ordered.  It was worth it and we were feeling pretty good by the end of our meal. This place is a bit more of a casual spot. They were very gracious with a Yelp 10% check-in discount even after our tab was already totaled. It was an ok experience. (I should have poured that peanut-curry sauce over my tofu.)
Dropped in for dinner with a few colleagues. Place was jammed and very loud with a mostly younger crowd.  Service was pretty good but the food was just ok for me, nothing special.
This is the only place I order from when I am craving for good schezuan food and don't wanna step outside the house. They literally have been consistent in delivering food within 15-20 mins of placing the order and the food has always been great! Definitely recommend their Mapo Tofu with minced Beef!
I walked by this place numerous times and always thought about going in, but it was always on my way to or from another restaurant. Finally, my wife and I decided to try it after a group of people coming out of the restaurant mentioned how good the food was. At soon as we walked in, we immediately liked the ambiance. I don't really use words like chic, trendy, etc., but it definitely had a nice feel to it. It's a great place for a date or a group of friends.

Now I will start with this disclaimer, I tend to judge Thai restaurants or Asian restaurants that serve Thai food with one dish on my first go 'round...Pad Thai. If the restaurant can't make good Pad Thai, you've already lost me. 

I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai and my wife order Drunken Noodles with shrimp. Both dishes were very good. So good that I think I have found one of my official Pad Thai spots. The Crunchy Shrimp we ordered as an appetizer was just okay. I will try something else next time. 

Now that I know they can make good Pad Thai as well as Drunkeen Noodles, I feel comfortable ordering other items on the menu.
I've been here three times now, for restaurant week, with friends, and with my dad, showing him my more "eclectic" tastes. This is hands down my 2nd favorite Thai spot in Philly.

My menu favorites:

The Crispy Duck Salad- Succulent duck with fresh greens. It works so well and you don't have to work through bones either.
Crispy Calamari- Wonderful crispness and a good go to definitely. The sauces that come with it enhance already fantastic flavors. 
Ahi Tuna Dumpling- Didn't think that tuna would work in dumplings- but Spice delivers. I suggest the fried version.
Rock Shrimp- Very tasty and either the chili aoili or curry glaze work well.
Drunken Noodles- You really can't go wrong with drunk noodles and Spice keep the noodles from being soggy while ensuring bold flavors. Beef or chicken are clear winners.

Also, can I just say...their desserts are off the hook. A little pricey, but so delicious I can forgive the dent in my wallet. The CoppaStracciatella is divine. Seriously. The pyramid is also yummy. You can easily just come here for dessert and coffee and be very satisfied.  

Hoping to go back soon to try the other menu items. So jealous of those close enough to catch lunch here.
You Yelpers really know what you're talking about!

I wanted to take my sister and her BF out to dinner, so I started cruising through Yelp (chatboards and such) to see what everyone was talking about.  Spice 28 kept popping up all over the place, so we decided to go check it out.

While the outside doesn't look like much, the inside of this restaurant is pretty interesting.  The bar and one wall is lit up while the other wall is a smooth wood with notches cut out.  Very cool.

The servers here are awesome.  We BYOB'ed and our glasses were never empty.  They made sure we were taking care of all night.

For appetizers, we ordered the Thai spring rolls, mini wonton in chili oil, and blue crab avocado salad.  The spring rolls were nothing special...same old, same old.  The mini wonton in chili oil were fantastic.  I'm not sure what else was in the sauce other than chili oil, but everyone at the table really enjoyed them.  (Note that my sister and her BF are babies when it comes to spicy things and they were able to enjoy this.  Don't let the chili oil scare you off!)  The crab and avocado salad was also really good.  The balsamic-sake vinaigrette was surprisingly sweet and went well with the spicy mayo on the crab.

Okay, so you can adjust the spiciness of your entrees based on a scale from 1 to 3, with 3 being the spiciest.  Now for the entrees:   drunken noodles with shrimp (spice level 2), hot sauce style with pork (spice level 3), sambal style with chicken (spice level 1), and Thai basil style with shrimp (spice level 1).  Out of all the dishes, I thought the drunken noodles was the best.  The spice level was just right for me so that there was a kick, but I was still able to enjoy the meal.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and there were plenty of shrimp.  The hot sauce style was too spicy, even making my BF sweat while he pretended that he could handle it.  The flavoring reminded me of tandoori.  The other two dishes were both good and mild on the heat.  My only complaint is that I wish the dishes included slightly larger portions (...mostly so I had some leftovers.)

It turns out dessert is being offered for free right now.  I'm not sure how long that's going on for, but free stuff is always nice.  (We decided to opt out and head over to Capogiro for some gelato instead.)

Spice 28 does it right!  The servers are great, the food is delicious, and the price is right.  Definitely check this place out!  

Note:  If you check in on Yelp, there's a 10% off coupon you can use.  Nice!
After seeing all the 4.5 Avg Stars on Yelp, I had very high expectations for this New Szechuan/Asian Fusion Restaurant in the Philadelphia restaurant scene. All of the reviews raved about the food, service and overall ambiance of this new spot in town. As a result, we knew we had to try it. So my girlfriend and I made a reservation for 7:30pm on a Saturday night.

When we arrived, there were 4-5 other tables occupied but definitely not too busy. We were seated quickly and the waitress brought us menus and glasses of water. The first issue arose when the waitress did not return to our table for our orders. We waited 15 minutes, which prompted me to walk to the manager and inform him that nobody had returned to our table to take our orders. The manager (Ben) apologized and genuinely felt bad for the mishap.

We ordered the Spicy Crispy Cucumber, Sliced Chicken in Chili Oil, Dry Pot Style Beef and Szechuan String Beans. All of the dishes came out quickly and were delicious. They were right on point with the spiciness and flavor. My favorites were the Sliced Chicken in Chili Oil and Dry Pot Style Beef. I would recommend them both.

The owner Ben brought out an order of the Ahi Tuna Dumplings on the house which was a nice gesture. He also followed up after we finished eating to check up on us and make sure we were having a great time.

After we finished our meal however, a second mishap. I had to flag down a waiter 2-3 times to get our check and pay. After asking a third time. the waiter said that the "system was down". This was hard to believe since I had seen other tables around us receive their bills. Thus. we're pretty sure he forgot.

Overall, I'm pretty generous when it comes to giving restaurants the benefit of the doubt. The hostess said that they were short staffed on a Saturday night with only 3 people instead of 5. Whatever the case may be, service left much to be desired. The main positives of my experience were the food. It was excellent. They presented us with a free appetizer for our next visit given our experience which was generous of them. 

I really wanted to love this place but it certainly didn't happen this first time. I'll give them another chance soon and hopefully this occurrence was simply a rare one.

Service: Understaffed and Inattentive
Food: Excellent
Ambiance: Elegant and Chic

--
Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
I am happy that I came in on a busy Friday night! The wait was okay and I waited about 5 mins and the manager Ben (I believe) is a super nice guy, he recommended the tuna dumplings appetizer and the sea bass for entree. I really love the tuna appetizer and the sea bass is the best sea bass I have ever had! The red miso sauce is fantastic with the cold soba sesame noodle on the side. My friend Anna ordered the Saigon beef which is pretty good,too. 
Besides the food, the best thing I love about this place is the decorations. The design is just so nice and so modern. As they said, they will get the liquor license soon and I think it will be even better. I will definitely come back and check out how their drinks are.  Good place to hang out with friends. Nice food and nice people.
Another good visit at Spice 28. Chix Pad Thai and Satay Takeout. Needed to grab a quick meal before I'm off to work. Ordered through the Yelp App and ready in literally 10 minutes.
Okay --

after salivating for three weeks, staring at this baby in my bookmarks, I rounded up some members of "the dyke crew" (preemptively: no, str8s, don't ever call queer women that, thanx) and bounced over.

I have to admit, the $$ threw me off -- appetizers are between 6$ and 12$; entrees are more around 17$.  For some reason, I thought I'd be shelling out ten bucks for the main course.

After recovering from my small heart attack, we went inside and proceeded to feast.

We ordered (per Yelpers) the rock shrimp, the duck crepe and then the guac and wonton chips for we had a vegetarian.  For dinner, D had the Shanghai beef, I had the Dan Dan noodles and said veg had the ... veg-fried rice.

The rock shrimp was damn good -- not overpoweringly shrimpy, fried lightly and without grease, and the curry sauce!  You have to wrap the shrimp in the salad and dip because the mixed greens bring the plate together.  The guac was interesting (avocado in a spicy red sauce), and the chips were as light as the shrimps' batter.

The star of the appetizer round was the Peking duck crepe.  D and I made obscene noises while the veg said it tasted too alive.  The duck is cooked perfectly, not too heavy, and it comes with hoisin sauce.

I really enjoyed my Dan Dan noodles.  I thought for a moment the portion might be too small, but all the food here is rich and sumptuous, and you get just the right amounts.  With the crumbled pork on top and the leaves of spinach, I felt like the bowl echoed a very spicy spaghetti and meat sauce.  I also snagged some of the fried rice (I'm not sure how there is such a thing as a "best fried rice," but this stuff qualified), and then I tried some of the Shanghai beef.

I don't like beef.

The meat melted in my mouth, I swear to god, and comes in this weird sauce that I can best describe as Chinese BBQ/honey.

We received complimentary desserts of fried pumpkin cakes, which were nice palate cleansers.

Overall, goddamn.

Basically.
