This is certainly one of my new favorite restaurants in the city. From it's simple but lovely decor to the amazing food and service, I had no hesitation in giving Spice Finch a glowing five star review. 

I had a 7pm reservation on a Tuesday night for me and my friend who was visiting from Canada. She just recently moved out of Philly and when deciding where to go for dinner, her only request was for me to choose a place that was new for both of us. Spice Finch had been on my mind for a few months now so I figured this would be perfect for the occasion.

Our sweet waitress gave us a rundown of the menu and told us that dishes are typically made for sharing. With that in mind, we both ordered fries to share but decided to choose our own entrees. I'm allergic to both chickpeas and lentils so unfortunately, I have quite a few food restrictions at Mediterranean restaurants. I shared this with the waitress when I ordered the peri-peri shrimp and she assured me that she would speak to the chef to make sure these ingredients were not used in this dish and there was no cross contamination. Thank you to the team at Spice Finch for making me feel so well taken care of!

The peri-peri shrimp was incredible. So flavorful and rich with well-cooked, plump shrimp. I became a huge fan of peri peri during my trip to South Africa last year and am so happy I got to enjoy it here. The dish came with a side of buttery flatbread that I dipped into the sauce. 

The fries that my friend and I shared were also very good. They were well-seasoned and the portion was huge. I couldn't have the hummus aioli they come with but my friend said it was delicious. Although the sauce looked great, I was more than content just enjoying the fries sans dip!

For dessert we enjoyed a slice of chocolate cake with tahini soufflé and blood orange sorbet. I was a little skeptical because I'm not usually a fan of fruity desserts but wow was this dish really something! The blood orange sorbet really balanced out the rich chocolate cake, but in my opinion, the tahini soufflé was the MVP. I could have eaten spoonfuls of that alone!

The restaurant is beautiful. It is open and airy with the appropriate lighting. It isn't too bright but not too dark either. Lighting can make such a big difference - it really sets the mood and Spice Finch does it just right. This restaurant is great for get-togethers, celebrations or dates. 

I can't wait to return here. I'm tempted to make my next experience a brunch outing, but with such an incredible dinner, it'll be hard not to go back for that!
I really wish I hadn't waited to write this review as the details aren't as fresh in my memory. But, I'd be remiss if I didn't still pop up to give my five star seal of approval! 

My husband and I had reservations for an early dinner on a Saturday in October. We tried a lot from the menu: date truffles, garlic yogurt, baked cheese, croquettes, chili chicken kebab, and whole roasted fish. Honestly, I think there was more but, like I said, it's a little hazy over a month later. All I know for sure is that our table was covered with gorgeous food! 

Every dish packed a ton of flavor but there was a lot of variety between each plate. Extra props for the fish, which was sea bass on our visit. If you know anything about Jen Carroll, it's that she knows her way around a fish-you'd be kind of silly not to order one at her restaurant! The sea bass was absolutely perfect.  

I was partaking in a sober October, and was thrilled to try the N/A Groni, which I had read about prior to our dinner. Basically, it's a booze-free take on a negroni. I absolutely love bitter cocktails and this version was delicious and made me feel really excited to sip on something interesting. 

Unfortunately, we had to rush through our desserts as we were running behind for another commitment. Our own fault as we really took our time during dinner. I won't make that mistake again; next time, Spice Finch is the main event! Looking forward to trying the breakfast and brunch menus as well.
tl;dr great Mediterranean fare that fills a niche in a neighborhood dominated by American cuisine, fair prices for an upscale Rittenhouse hotel-restaurant

This brand-new Mediterranean restaurant opened to rave reviews, but before walking in, I will say that I was not convinced. It's connected with the Warwick Hotel, something I almost considered to be a recipe for disaster -- too often hotel restaurants sacrifice quality food for convenience and atmosphere, all the while charging exorbitant pricing. Well, as much as I hate to admit it, I was wrong.

I walked into an airy, open floorplan, combining the sophistication of white tile with the authenticity of wood ceilings and bar-columns. My partner and I were brought to the corner window and a bright-green tile table. Nothing about the atmosphere felt gaudy, but rather it reminded me of Moroccan architecture. I thought it was a little strange to walk through the Warwick to use the bathroom, but hey, I guess that's what happens at a hotel-restaurant. As we came for an early dinner, the restaurant was only marginally filled, but the end of our meal, I noticed that there was a wait at the door.

Our server was a rockstar: he approached us enthusiastically to help "curate" our meal. We told him about some of the flavors that we were craving, and he pointed us toward some options on the menu. We ended up ordering the Charred Carrot Hummus, the Charred Octopus, the Roasted Cauliflower, the Lamb Ribs, and a side of Garlic Yogurt.

When each dish came out, it was different than I expected. The bright orange hummus was served a variety of fresh vegetables for a nice crunch but really emphasized the carrot. The octopus was served as a salad; it was perfectly cooked, but arguably was upstaged by the roasted squash in the dish. The cauliflower was served whole, just the way I like it. However, make sure to eat it quickly while it still is warm and has its crisp. The Garlic Yogurt was huge for a side sauce, and we enjoyed it with our lamb and a side of flatbread. The real star of the night though was the aforementioned lamb -- it had the BEST sauce, and the meat fell off the bone like butter. To die for! We ended the night with "Shredded Wheat," Spice Finch's take on traditional Middle Eastern pastry. Each bit packed a sweat punch and left my mouth watering for more.

I walked in thinking to compare Spice Finch to Suraya (a hot Lebanese cafe-restaurant in Fishtown). In the same way that Suraya showcases Fishtown, I believe that Spice Finch is the epitome of Rittenhouse: chic, sophisticated, and refined. But unlike some other Rittenhouse restaurants, Spice Finch is undoubtedly worth the price. It's not a matter of if I go back -- it's a matter of when.
Spice Finch is one of my favorite new restaurants in Philly! I really love this place!! The food is amazing. 

Some of my favorite dishes are: 
1. Date Truffles - wow! Dates with pomegranate & cashew, these little balls are small but packs a delicious mouthful of flavor! Love these. 
2. Stuffed Grape Leaves - these are not your typical grape leaves, like every other Greek restaurant. these are different, with fennel, apricot, and a delicious yogurt sauce. 
3. Lemon Yogurt dipping sauce is absolutely phenomenal. Make sure to get a side of it, its only $4 and worth every penny. Dip in it with the light flaky dough bread, I think its $2.

Some other dishes I really liked was the eggplant meal, carrots app, and cauliflower app. The Octopus I had high hopes for, but it really wasn't as good as I expected. Still decent though. 

The drinks are also amazing. The Clover Club is one of my favorites, but I've also had some others that are great. The Redemption drinks are creative and funny, the midori one was is really good. 

Service is always great, and the ambiance is easy to please anyone.. its fancy enough for a nice date, but casual enough that its not awkward. Its also good for business dinners. The bar is very large so there's usually seats open, but try to make reservations in advance since Spice Finch is so good, that its usually always packed. I love it! Highly recommended.
I honestly wasn't expecting much from Spice Finch, but last night's dinner blew me away! The restaurant is located inside the Warwick Hotel and is huge. It can accommodate a lot of people but I would still recommend making reservations.

My husband and I decided to go with the Chef's Tasting Menu since it sounded like a good deal, and it really was.

The Chef started us out with the trio of spreads, which included the garlic yogurt, green hummus, baba ganoush, berbere crisps, and vegetable crudites. The vegetable crudite were thinly sliced beets, radish and cucumbers. Perfect for scooping any of the spreads, and very refreshing to snack on.

Then came the broccoli tabbouleh and a small plate of baked cheese(?) They were two little bite sized pieces and very fluffy to eat, like eating a Japanese tamago. So delicious, I wish I could have some more. The broccoli tabbouleh was good too, but the portions were huge so make sure you pace yourself.

Next came the blistered peppers and asparagus, both of which I am in love with. The asparagus was hearty and meaty in the most meatless sense. The feta and morele mushrooms rounded out the green chile so well. The vegetables here are so nicely done. I just can't stop eating this food!

With exception of the main dish, the Chef decides what to serve the table, and so far we were enjoying what he/she was sending out. The next course was the kebab course, and we were served the shrimp kebab, which was not what we would have chosen but it was perfectly cooked. The shrimp (4) were big and soft, and the roasted garlic & peppers under the kebab were nice too.

After a long while, our main dish - the lamb shank arrived, and it was glorious. The meat felt right off the bone, and it tasted and smelled even better than I imagined it would. The warm grain salad that came with the lamb shank seemed unnecessary and was ok.

Dinner was concluded with a warm tahini brownie and (2) bite size date truffles. The brownie was standard. The date truffles on the other hand were gross. I wish they let you choose your dessert!

Overall, we enjoyed Spice Finch. The food was great and the staff were really nice, but service was disorganized. Our dinner lasted two hours. There were long stretches of time where food was not being served, and we were barely checked on. It was clearly a busy night, but I hope it will be better the next time we come back.
Yep, been back here a few times since my first review and none of my experiences have been wondrous, stellar or even a-okay.

(I am about to use an old, grammatically bad Philly expression from my youth...the 'positive anymore') Anymore, Spice Finch has added a weekday lunch to their other dining time slots. On top of that, in addition to the regular lunch menu, they offer an 'express' deal-$17 for one sauce + one accompaniment + one sandwich or salad. Spice Finch has so many great reviews, it felt like I just needed to try it one more time. There I go again, ignoring my intuition. Other reviews be damned!

When I arrived at 1 p.m., I was the only diner in the place and when I left at a bit after 2, that was still the case. Before I get into my food experience, let me say that service was fine. Not overly cordial but prompt and professional.  

I did go for the express lunch and started with the crudites and muhumara sauce. The muhumara was under spiced and way too chunky for some of the vegetable scoopers-specifically the runner beans and the halved cherry tomatoes. It also came with dip appropriate, lovely, mild watermelon radishes and sliced Persian cukes. I wound up dumping the sauce into the veggies and then adding them to my sandwich when it came. 

Also ordered a cocktail called Two and the Four which is snap pea infused vodka, mint, lemon. Of course, as always happens to me, it was served in one of those frou frou coupe glasses that I despise. If I knew that in advance, I'd have ordered something else instead. It was mildly vegetal and refreshing but the purple aster, floating in it like Ophelia, did nothing for the drink. Why not just garnish with a mint sprig or lemon slice? I declined a second cocktail but was happy that one was offered. 

My main course was chili chicken flatbread-garlic yogurt, tahini, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, according to the menu, and a side of fries. They were hard and not especially good and came with no dipping sauce or even ketchup. 

This 'flat bread' description confused me. When it was served, it looked like a giant bao. It was folded in half and stuck closed with a wooden pick. No idea where the 'chili' part came in. The sandwich, which is about the best way to describe this, was too sloppy to pick up and eat, so I took the pick out of it, threw in my muhumara'd vegetables and ate it with a fork and knife. It was more like pita bread than anything else. Some of the chicken in it (white meat) was moist, some was dry. None of the pieces had much flavor. I was pleased with myself for having saved the muhumara, even though that was not spiced in any discernible way, either. There was a white sauce in the mix, but if that was garlic yogurt or even tahini, I'm Karamo Brown of the Fab Five. The only honest positive thing I can say for this menu item is that it was filling. 

There was depressing electronic background music that might be perfect for when the space is full and buzzing with conversation, but sitting as a singleton diner in an empty restaurant with my New Yorker and my disappointing food, the robotic elevator music just heightened the bad vibes of my lunch and made me consider slitting my wrists. 

Dessert was offered and it occurred to me that this would be the saving grace of the meal and this visit to Spice Finch. Wrong. Again. 

I'd ordered Burnt Cream which was toasted cold cream, rose syrup, fresh berries. What I got was a frozen hockey puck of something off white that had black and brown scorch bubbles on the top which tasted like nothing. The stuff was frozen so hard I could not break through it with my dessert spoon so I had to sit there, hoping it would soften up enough that it would not fly off my plate the second or third time I tried to get a scoop. It was in a watery pink puddle of what I guess was the rosewater. That goop neither smelled or tasted of rose. It was just sugary simple syrup. The fruit garnish-black berries, raspberries and strawberries-was very ripe, lovely and fresh. I would have been happy with them and a side of unsweetened whipped cream for afters. The frozen puck finally got a bit softer and when I took a taste, it was like eating a very chemically flavored citrus yogurt. Thank god for those berries. I pushed the dish away and left everything else on it to melt into bad tasting oblivion. 

After 4 separate visits here, either I have never chosen the 'right' dishes or else they don't exist and Spice Finch suffers from a serious case of the Emperor's New Clothes. 

Decide for yourself. I will not be going back for love or money.
I was hesitant to come here because I thought the name of the place was silly. The food here made for the best meal I have eaten in Philly. 

We started with the Shabazi fries with harissa aioli which were very good. The fries were seasoned deliciously and they looked so beautiful. 

The carrot hummus was a hit. The combination of the plating, the array of fresh vegetables, and the creamy hummus blew me away. 

The roasted cauliflower was beautifully made and tasted spectacular. 

I have never had a merguez kebab until tonight. It is a lamb sausage and it is expertly prepared. 

The baked samosa was stuffed with curried lamb and beef. It was the best curry pastry I have ever laid eyes on. 

The dessert sundae was very good. I will be on the lookout for vanilla cardamom ice cream at the grocery store in the future. Or I will have to figure out a way to incorporate cardamom into vanilla ice cream. 

I will certainly be back for more in the future.
Well, this review will be a struggle. The food and drinks are as good as I've encountered in all of my dining travels. Five, six, maybe eight stars. The service is as bad as I've encountered--quite possibly the worst--in all of my dining travels. I enjoy patronizing new restaurants and have never experienced this level of complete disarray. Madness. Confusion. "Getting their sea legs" doesn't begin to describe it. It got to be almost comical at a certain point. But yet, the product was sublime. Every last sip, every last bite, our tastebuds were taken on a melodic and thrilling ride. Spice Finch is true to its name, and not in a kitschy way. The use of spice here is innovative, thoughtful and daring. The menu is varied, exciting and top-to-bottom delicious. Spice Finch opened a week ago and clearly the buzz has already traveled. Once they work out the kinks, I have no doubt that this will be a five-star experience. 

It didn't start off well. We had a reservation for 8 but were immediately told, upon checking in, that we needed to wait at least half an hour for our table. We were all some degree of irked but decided to get a drink at the bar. By the time we were finally given the time of day by the bartender (she honestly was very nice but clearly overworked), our table was opening up. Drinks in hand, we were committed. And we wanted to be, because these drinks were outstanding. Our first rounded consisted of the Cap Spartel (yogurt washed gin, lemon, carrot, honey, mace), the Corpse Reviver #2 (gin, cointreau, cocchi americano, lemon, underberg) and the Clover Club (gin, raspberry, lemon, dry vermouth, egg white). All of them were just stupid good. The Cap Spartel was by far the most unique, the Clover Club the most classic and refined, and the Corpse Reviver was perhaps the best frozen drink I've ever tried--and was presented beautifully, with a metal straw and a 'lil bottle of underberg attached by a binder clip. 

To observe Spice Finch in its opening week is to witness choreography that is only hanging on by a thread: the synchronization isn't quite there and at every turn (quite literally) you find yourself in suspense, watching the first domino wobbling its way closer to utter pandemonium. The space itself is huge and no one working there seems to know quite where they are going. We had one main, befuddled waitress but were served by and checked up on by a variety of people, many of whom had ambiguous roles. Yet nothing was brought in a timely manner and all was excruciatingly inefficient. We were there for almost three hours. But again, the food here is just outstanding. 

They might tell you two small plates per person is enough food, but it's not. Starters, three sections of appetizer-sized plates, and "for the table" dishes. If you want to order from the middle group, two plates/pp is the *minimum*. While waiting for our first dish to arrive, we ordered another round of drinks, which included the The Rulebook (szechuan infused rye, becherovka, akavit, anisette, fireball, birch beer) and another frozen beauty--the Paper Plane (bourbon, nonino amaro, aperol, lemon). Fantastic, original and they helped us momentarily forget we had yet to receive something we needed to use our teeth for. But eventually, we did, very slowly and one at a time. Spice truly is championed here, in the most sophisticated, creative and delicious of ways. The execution is flawless across the board--the three of us were truly amazed. Our eats, below: 

Berbere Carrots w/ cashew dukkah, citrus vinaigrette: A+
The dukkah is so good it might make you pass out. High-brow comfort food.

Roasted Cauliflower w/ coriander cashew butter, pickled onion, basil oil: A+
The coriander cashew butter atop the cauliflower is a masterpiece and harmonized perfectly with the other flavors. Elegant presentation.

Peri-Peri Shrimp w/ garlic, harissa, preserved lemon, flatbread: A+
Warming, subtly spicy, rich yet still light. Well-balanced.

Little Neck Clams w/ merguez, tomato, white wine: A
Fresh and delicious, loved the addition of the merguez for some salt and spice. Simple yet complex to the palette. 

Octopus w/ zucchini, corn, basil oil: A/A+
Rare to get a cold preparation of octopus but this was delightful. Fresh, light, in-season. Well-conceived.

Lamb Ribs w/ apple, radish, chermoula: A+
I could've ordered 10 of these and been happy. These are spectacular, as flavorful and rich as it gets. Executed perfectly, seasoned impeccably. I die.

Hanger Steak w/ grilled onion, baby greens, harissa: A+
Another well-done (not literally) meat dish with some fabulous accompaniments. The grilled onion was delicious and sweet, the harissa added some more complexity to the flavor profile. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: The manager at Spinch Finch comped a huge part of our meal. She told us a "round of drinks", but it was far more. Deeply, deeply apologetic. They know there's room for improvement and don't hesitate to admit fault. Thank you.
We went to Spice Finch, located inside the Warwick hotel, for brunch recently.  

I love Shakshuka which is generally a hearty combination of spiced tomatoes, onions, and peppers. We decided to get a large order, which was designed to be split by 2.  It was definitely tasty, although not quite as hearty as other preparations I have had. The accompanying flat bread was fresh and delicious. 

Although good, here's where I think this entree offering had some shortcomings. If it's designed to be split by 2 people, including 3 poached eggs doesn't quite cut it. Does sharing 1 1/2 poached eggs per person really make sense? Same with the flatbread; it was one piece that was to be shared. We could have easily each ate our own piece. I've ordered Shakshuka at other restaurants and an order typically comes with 2 eggs. We left feeling a little underwhelmed. Fortunately, we weren't too hungry. Otherwise, this entree designed to be shared by two would have left us feeling under satisfied as well.
The food and cocktails definitely exceeded my expectations.

Our group ordered stuffed grape leaves, charred carrot hummus, and two orders of the croquettes. All three of these were flavorful and served beautifully. I was also quite hooked on the Cap Spartel cocktail which had a fresh carrot juice element to it. 

Space was bright and lively and you could tell people were excited to be there for the first time. My only discomfort was with a few interactions I had with the staff. It felt hit or miss which I sensed as well from other comments left here. 

When we first sat down, it was a nice touch that our first bartender shook our hands and formally introduced himself. The gentleman juicing the lemons was also great - he made conversation with our group and was super friendly. 

However after we ordered our first round, I asked whether we could hold onto a menu since there were three of us and we planned to order more food and drinks. Rather than allow it, he said he would give us a menu later on should we need it again. I'm sure there is something practical behind his response and definitely not a big deal but I've never had that happen - it made us assume they must have a shortage of menus.

Another odd interaction requires brief context. There were quite a few people behind the bar which was awesome in the sense that there was always a friendly face making sure you had everything you need. This also meant that there were multiple people asking you the same exact questions. 

I had expressed to two different people that I was fine to keep my plate/silverware because though my friends were done ordering, I had more food on the way. Then a third human I had not yet encountered started pulling my plate without a word. I was startled because the plate was so close to my arm and when I turned I really nicely smiled and explained that I had ordered more food and didn't want them to have to waste another plate on me. He then lifted his hands in the air in a surrendering way and started walking backwards with a really sarcastic face as if I had just snapped at him. 

Anyways, the food and beverages are great and I think once everything and everyone fall into place, it will be a go to spot for many.
Awesome!

This is a pretty restaurant that is a part of the Warrick Hotel but off to the side.  

Over two visits the Roasted Cauliflower was nicely roasted and charred tender.  The pickled onions, herb oil and cashew butter complimented the Roasted Cauliflower perfectly.  I've read a few other reviews mentioning the lack of flavor in this dish, which if consistently constructed the way I was presented this dish, I'd find hard to agree.  

The Lamb Ribs were perfect with a great char that wasn't offensively inedible.  I'm essentially tired of those that believe charred meat beyond being edible is cool.  There is definitely a point where charred meat beyond a certain point is not great to eat.  I don't like gnawing on meat.  These lamb ribs were definitely not prepared that way.  Finally lamb ribs are inevitably fatty and this version was as well but it was undeniably tasty.  Paired with a rice pilaf, it served well with the lamb to soak up all the fantastic juices from the lamb.

The Dry Rub Chicken was equally impressive.  I almost never reach for the white meat as my first choice when I have options and for good reason.  Most often white meat is dry and bland, but that's not the case here.  The chicken was moist and seasoned well.  There was no fat on the skin and the crust had a great spice crust.  The sumac butter on the side only piled on the greatness.  

I'm already game for future visits.
Stopped here for breakfast after a night out in Philly (pre covid). This place was so cute and the staff was attentive. The yogurt parfait was delicious and I really enjoyed the orange pancakes.
Came for a date night on a Sunday and had an amazing meal!

our server was so friendly and not pretentious at all compared to some of the servers i get around the city. he helped me order and made sure i got to pack all my leftovers home.

we started with the carrot hummus which was DELICIOUS! it was so fresh and i really enjoyed all the combinations of flavors from the veggies.
the peri peri shrimp was cooked perfectly, the broth itself was a little bit salty but the shrimp perfectly melted in my mouth.
the ribs are also a must get, they slide ride off the bone and full of such  great flavors.
my boyfriend got their version of a frozen old fashioned and it was delicious! he loved and ordered multiple.

to finish off the meal, we got the grilled fish which was a must get. it was cooked perfectly and went perfectly with the basmati rice that comes with it.

overall i really enjoyed this restaurant. the indoor decor is so chic and chill and the service was amazing. i'd definitely recommend for a big group or a date night.
This is a tough one to write. I've been a huge fan of Jen Carroll's since the early days of Top Chef and I couldn't have been more excited to check out her new restaurant. It just didn't live up to my expectations, unfortunately. 

I made a weekend dinner reservation for our anniversary and made a note of this while making the reservation, but we were seated in the bar area that was playing loud music. I'm not one to complain about seating, but I had to say something. We were moved to the main dining area, which was much better. Service was pretty strange- our server was an older woman who barely explained the menu, even though it's very obvious that nobody eating there has been there before. She was not very attentive and gave us a very disappointed look, staring my husband in the face for what seemed like forever when we said we didn't want dessert... she actually said "really?" in a disapproving tone and we had to say no several times. Just really strange overall. I've never been made to feel guilty for not wanting dessert at a restaurant. 

I did really like certain things about this experience:
-My cocktail was the Rest in Pete's and I loved the fresh spices on the glass. Very different and gave a nice bitter taste to the somewhat sweet cocktail. 
-Carrot hummus was very good and I loved the pickled veg. Not quite as good as Zahav hummus though.
-Samosa was nice and flaky and the meat was flavorful. 

The rest of it was just okay.
-Shabazi fries- good but nothing special. 
-Octopus- I did like this cold preparation and it was refreshing for summer. However, there were about 5-6 small pieces of octopus in the whole dish. For 16 dollars, I expected more. 
-Merguez kabob- meat was nice and tender, but again nothing amazing. It was one kabob for 15 dollars. 
-Cauliflower- I was really looking forward to this dish and told my husband it was a must do. We just both didn't like it very much. The roast on the cauliflower looked really nice, but it had a strange too-sweet flavor and we just didn't care for it. 

I think I would have ordered differently in retrospect and maybe I would have felt less disappointed overall with the food and the price. For 120+tip, I want to walk out feeling full and satisfied, but it just didn't happen. With other restaurants with similar flavor profiles and lower price points in Philly, I would be hesitant to come back here anytime soon... which honestly pains me to say!
Another 4.5 star YELP rating which ends up an average, A-OK, 3 stars.  Maybe I was at these last two restaurants (see my review of the Royal Boucherie) on the wrong nights, or something is in the city water, or my taste buds are not aging as beautifully as I am. :-)

The restaurant itself is very cosmopolitan, right off the lobby of the Warwick, and very chic contemporary.

I tried one of their specialty cocktails, the Clover Club, which was gin, raspberry, lemon, dry vermouth, and a  frothy egg white.  A little sweet for my taste , but not bad overall.  I switched to beer after that.  The beer selection sucked...no IPA's on tap!

Let me preface by saying I am not always a fan of the small plate, except at certain places.  The presentation of each dish disappears immediately as you start shoveling food from the serving plate on to your little plate, and sometimes you miss all of the flavors/sauces/dressings as they appear on one side of the dish and not on the other.  You should be with friends you don't mind sharing everything with, including, but not limited to their germs and sexually transmitted diseases.

On to the food.
   Blistered shishito peppers - could have done without, very uneventful and only slightly blistered/charred - 2 stars
   Roasted cauliflower - quite crispy - 4 stars
   Stuffed grape leaves - never showed up at the table, but I HEARD they were very good.  They showed up on my check though, thanks to our unattentive server, but then had it removed after I pointed it out - N/A stars
   Peri-peri shrimp - just ok, it was shrimp, it was ok, it was shrimp - 3 stars
   Dry-rubbed chicken - the highlight of the night, but it was room temperature when it arrived at the table, and the wonderful roasted veggies were actually cold. So this 5 star dish loses a star - 4 stars 
   Lemon yogurt sauce - talked into this by the server, it was like throwing money away, could have done without - 2 stars 

Now, if I go back here, it will be to try a few other plates.  But I would sit at the bar, always better service in my opinion.  I like being in the place physically, but as I said I was hoping for a 4.5 star experience.
I admit it... I kinda hate places like this.

Small plates and big prices. Empty stomachs and emptier wallets. Foods you've never heard of. Menus that might require a college-level survey course to interpret...

But this one I liked. Because I left full, and for like $53 after tax and tip per person. That's actually a really nice price for a really upscale restaurant on a Saturday night in a major US city.

So a big "Bravo" to Spice Finch for amusing the palette as well as the wallet of this not-particularly-refined diner... who would probably be just as happy wolfing down an $8 bowl of Pho or a pair of $3 snappy hot dogs. I really enjoyed my meal, and my time with friends here.

The waiter, and I feel terrible for forgetting his name, was really great. I know he's originally from Colchester, CT if that helps! Slender gentleman, average height, shaved bald, appeared to be late 20's-early 30's. Knows his menu and how to have fun interactions with his customers. Anyway, he SHOULD be thanked by name, even if I can't name him.

Lovely Mediterranean restaurant, simple as that.
Okay so maybe I'm late to the party, but there are two important changes since the last time I've been here. They now offer a $65 tasting menu that is probably 1) amazing and 2) to compete with the other middle eastern heavy hitters like suraya and zahav. 

Also less fun but just as important: you need a KEY to get into the bathroom at the Warwick (aka spice finch's bathroom). I guess you ask a waiter for it, but I got all the way there before realizing that and someone at the desk gave me it, but you have been warned.
This meal was one to remember. 
What I ordered: 
-charred octopus 
-shabazi fries
-baked cheese
-berbere carrots
-merguez kebab
-sourdough flatbread
-garlic yogurt 

Every single dish was well balanced with the perfect amount of spice. I felt like I was on a getaway in the Mediterranean. 
My favorite part of the meal.. the baked cheese and the fries. I enjoyed dipping the fries in the yogurt. Don't get me wrong, the harissa aioli was delicious as well. The yogurt was just a step up in my opinion with the garlic. 
Damn... that baked cheese. I am still thinking about it! The crunch of the phyllo, the cheese simultaneously melting in my mouth. Amazing. 
The kebab was delicious. I think the meat got cold because it was over chutney, but overall it was delicious. 
The carrots were great. Tons of flavor and a bit of crunch. 
If I had to rank the dishes, the octopus would be last. I still enjoyed this dish, but I wasn't blown away. I was confusing the mushrooms for octopus and the octopus was almost a bit fatty. 
Overall, the meal was fantastic. 
Can't wait to return.
2nd birthday dinner review!

Thanks to Top Chef, Jennifer Carroll is one of those Philly chefs that I've been following for years. But outside of Bravo her food has been something that has constantly alluded me, so when I first heard that Spice Finch was set to open, and that she was using it to add a modern twist to Mediterranean cuisine, I was determined to change that!

Courtney's flavorful review, and Michelle's spot on review confirmed it to be a spot worthy of a celebration, so I booked a reservation which led to an incredible experience from start to finish!

With it being connected to the Warwick Hotel, Spice Finch might just be the most easily accessible restaurant spot of any Philly Top Chef alum. But don't let the hotel restaurant be a deterrent, because it also rises above any other hotel restaurant that I've ever experienced! the interior was chic and modern, but also managed to be fun and comfortable. It may have helped a bit that she knew my cousin, but Nicole was an incredible server, who made spot on recommendations throughout, and had some incredible bussers helping her throughout.

Whether you go with a Spice Finch original, grab a classic, or even go non-alcoholic, there were plenty of impressive cocktails to choose from. But I was definitely impressed with the Hangman's Beautiful Daughter with its bourbon, averna, orange, and rosemary. For beers they have a good selection of cans, bottles, and drafts. But I was all about Port Brewing's Mongo double IPA.

For food we had and were very impressed with the following:

Flatbreads w/ spreads - Do yourself a favor and get both homemade sourdough and Ethiopian spiced crisps. I could swim in their Tahini and Beet Borani!

Stuffed grape leaves - done perfectly with farro, fennel, apricot, and lemon yogurt!

Baked cheese - an impressive blend of ricotta and mozzarella with shredded phlyo dough. So good!

Roasted cauliflower - One of the best I've had with its coriander cashew butter, pickled onion, and herb oil.

Mushroom "Nwassar" pasta - and incredible dish that combined three of my favorite veggies in mushrooms, sunchokes, and brussel sprouts with Manchego cheese.

Braised pork belly - perfectly cooked with its eggplant, pickled cranberries, romanesco, shishito peppers, flatbread, and Za'atar spices!

Chili-chicken kebab - an incredible surprise with its swiss chard, sesame yogurt and garlic streusel topping.

Whole roasted seabass - Best wholefish dish I ever had with its incredible leek vinaigrette and preserved lemon flavoring.

Date braised lamb shank - the main event complete with a warm grain salad, roasted vegetables, and cucumber. cooked perfectly with meat that fell right off the bone!

With dessert we got to enjoy a little bit of all the things. But I especially fell in love with the pumpkin roll with cream cheese frosting, and the AMAZING chocolate tahini cake with buttercream and a blood orange sorbet! Overall it was a meal that delivered an incredible experience and had me ready for more.
I'm so glad I gave Spice Finch another try! I was dining with a friend from out of town I hadn't seen in years and we had a 4 and a half hour feast of amazing dishes with impeccable service. My friend has food allergies and they were prepared for that with a special menu that denoted what was OK for people with food allergies to eat.

I tried a couple of dishes from my first visit, the baked cheese and the lamb ribs. The ribs were cooked perfect this time and the cheese was delicious, but a part of it was stuck to the pan so I did miss out on a bit of cheese. That's a minor quibble when the dishes kept coming for hours and I kept stuffing my face. Other dishes included the Shabazi Fries, Charred Carrot hummus, Garlic Yogurt, Petite Filet, and merguez kebab (lamb sausage). The lamb sausage was amazing. Whatever sauce was on top of it was perfect and the sausage made it house was delicious. The petite filet comes with lettuce leaves with a sauce on the lettuce. If you wrap the slices of filet in the lettuce it's a nice explosion of flavor when you bite into it. I was glad one of the service managers there recommended eating it that way. I don't generally like yogurt, but even that dish was delicious. The fries were elevated by the spices put on it.
The cocktails are good too. I could go on and on but you get the idea. Don't waste time reading any further reviews. Just go to Spice Finch!
Really enjoyed my meal at Spice Finch tonight. 

High points:
-gorgeous space 
-tasty small plates with fair portions for the price 
-bakes cheese dish was excellent
-tortilla dish is very well done 
-date truffles and carrot hummus both worth starting with 
-lemonade cocktail was tasty and fair price at $10

Low points:
-took about 15 min for us to finally get drinks
-all food was brought out at one time, should have been staggered 
-peri peri shrimp was very meh
-burnt cream dessert was just ok 

Overall, definitely worth checking out - the food is really solid, interesting, presented beautifully. Drinks were tasty as well.
My daughter and I began our evening with a festive concert by The Philadelphia Gay Men's Chorus (which was beautiful) but placed our dinner at 10:30 pm. Spice Finch was perfect for the late night bite. We started with beautiful cocktails as well as the charred carrot hummus served with sourdough flatbread. The charred carrot hummus was creamy and included garnishing of northern beans and cucumber. The carrots spread was clean and elegant but in my opinion, lacked just a bit of flavor. The blistered shishito peppers were delicious. But the baked cheese? Shredded phyllo (which added perfect, crunchy texture), ricotta and mozzarella baked with a char with the cheesiest, creamiest center. So lovely. The merguez kabob was delicious as well as the fatoush. The dining room is elegant and beautifully understated with dim, glowy lighting. The service (and our server) was impeccable. The host for the evening was so helpful and gracious. This is a great spot. I will be back to try more delicious food.
I had the pleasure of meeting Jennifer Carroll at the Rittenhouse Spring Festival this year.  She told me about her new restaurant and her menu was right up my alley.  I live closeby and watched it be built.  I.  Could.  Not.  Wait.  I ended up having my birthday gathering there.  I have been here a handful of times now and the food is AMAZING.  And beautiful!  The service has always been wonderful and friendly.  
My favorite dishes (hard to narrow down!):
Baked Cheese (get some extra naan for this!)
Octopus (OMG I would kill for this)
Roasted Cauliflower
Garlic Yogurt
All of the sauces are so unique, delicious and will make you want to roll around in them.  
Weird, small detail... I love their glassware.
Do yourself a favor and go.  Drink, eat and enjoy!
I've been here for brunch and dinner. The brunch was good but over priced. We also had horrendous service. The table next to us had to tell the waiters on 3 separate occasions not to bring the dishes out all at once because the table was too small.  We had the same issue and it seemed like we were also forgotten about. After being finished eating for 15 minutes we called over the waiter so I could hand them my card to pay.

I may go back for brunch at some point but why bother when their dinner is amazing?  We had an excellent server that provided phenomenal recommendations and ensured our glasses were always filled.

We started with the Croquettes and they were perfectly crispy on the outside. The inside was a little too runny for me.  The stuffed grape leaves were beautifully presented and I loved how the apricot balanced out the bitterness of the grape leave.  The Baked Cheese was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It comes out on a cast iron skillet sizzling hot. It's ricotta and mozzarella based and has a hint of sweetness to it.

We moved onto roasted cauliflower which was nicely cooked. The coriander cashew butter was perfect for dipping. The Berbere carrots had a nice hint of the berbere seasoning coming through and didn't overwhelm the dish. I couldn't stop sopping up the sauce with flatbread for Peri-Peri shrimp. The harissa provided a nice heat to the sauce. The Octopus Escabeche was SO tender. We also had the Lamb Ribs which fell off the bone.  The pickled radishes were a nice edition to cut the fat.

The main courses were everyone's favorite. The Dry Rub Chicken fell off the bone and had excellent seasoning. We couldn't get enough of the muhumara sauce (walnut and pepper based) to dip the chicken in. My favorite of the main course was the Date Braised Lamb Shank which was beautifully presented surround by vegetables.  The meat fell of the bone and had a deliciously crispy outside. 

We ended with dessert. I could have done without the Chocolate Tahini Cake. The cake was a little dry. It's pretty difficult to get the right balance of ingredients for chocolate cake since it has more ingredients than most cakes that dry it out. I had a bite of the shredded wheat and it had a filling similar to baklava that was delicious.  My fiance had the Sundae and he devoured it even after he claimed he was full.

I highly recommend dinner at Spice Finch but would skip brunch until they work out the kinks of opening a new restaurant.
So glad to see that Chef Jennifer Carroll finally has her own restaurant and that it's in her hometown.  The set up of the room is very open and modern, with tables spread around the large bar area as well as some tables in the back.  I was glad we were in the back where it was a little quieter.

The menu is unusual as were the spices used in most of the dishes.   The majority of the plates we shared were amazing, with tastes we have not experienced before.

The Baked Cheese was ricotta and mozzarella sprinkled with shredded phyllo.  We ordered Flatbread to go with this dish.

I'm not a yogurt enthusiast but the Garlic Yogurt with crudité and berbere flatbread crisps was ridiculously delicious as was the Roasted Cauliflower with coriander cashew butter, pickled onion and herb oil.

The head-on Peri-Perie Shrimp with garlic, harissa and preserved lemon, was also very different as well as delicious.

The Octopus Escabeche with zucchini, corn and herb oil was, although very good, not one of my favorites.

We should have stopped there but had ordered the (whole) Dry Rubbed Chicken with muhumara, potato and zucchini. After only a few bites, we were full but enjoyed the leftovers for dinner the following night.  It was very good but not a particular favorite.

So with 4 drinks the bill, before tip, came to around $142. (Without the chicken it would have only been $109.)  In either case, it was well worth the price.  We are looking forward to another visit.
Hit or miss -  let me start with the misses - 
so the frittata was actually gross ; as was the peri peri shrimp - literally killed our appetites 

But the trio spread and the baked cheese were bombastic ; service was good- fresh OJ pitcher or glass ; la Colombe coffee ( Philly signature ) ; great ambience so make of it what you will
This place is an absolute must for Mediterranean food. To start, it's attached to the Warwick and has a clean vibe/aesthetic. The servers/staff are incredibly helpful and friendly.

With some recommendations, we went with the baked cheese (I was weary but you need to try it) consisting of ricotta and mozzarella, garlic yogurt, lamb ribs (perfect amount of crispy mixed with fatty mixed with amazing), couscous, fries with harissa aioli, seasonal watermelon and tomato salad, and the lamb shank. We also got chicken, but I was too full to try it.

My favorites were definitely the couscous which was perfectly seasoned and the lamb ribs. The shank was also amazing. I honestly couldn't say anything negative about this meal.

Wish I could've gotten pictures, but it was a large crowd and I didn't want to be "that girl." Anyways, go here. You won't be disappointed!
I'm glad I made my reservation before the Craig LaBan 3-Bell review came out!  I might have not been able to get a table!

Came here as part of the birthday gift with the wife and family pre-ballet Romeo and Juliet opening night performance.  We had a wonderful time and great meal. 

After checking out the menu, we inquired about a tasting menu, which we found out they do not have but have accommodated with other customers in the past.  We discussed with the staff what we did not want (octopus) and what we did want (anything Craig LaBan liked and anything meat) and agreed to $50 a head for each of us (two adults and a 15 and 13-year-old) and they could bring a Chef's choice.

This was definitely the best way to go.  We were served multiple courses and got to try a lot of different menu items.  

Like individual personalities, we each had our likes and not-as-much likes.  My huge hit was the lamb ribs along with my son.  A family high was both types of cheeses - one baked mozzarella and one fried and more runny.  Lots of flavor.  I liked the Peri-Peri shrimp, but wife was meh.  The broccoli salad was so-so for all, but the lemon zested balls I pictured were like candy.  I was not a big fan of the shakshouka, and the wife and kids said the version at Cafe Ole was better.  We all loved the roasted carrot hummus, and I enjoyed the cauliflower.  The homemade naan was a winner. So were the triple desserts.

The meal was paced perfectly.  We had to be at the Academy of Music by 7:30 and our meal started at 5:20.  We got in our seats by 7:25!  

I had a mixed drink, glass of wine, and a cordial.  Wife had a mixed drink.  Kids stuck with water.  Too bad this is a Pepsi instead of Coke restaurant.

Service was very professional and they appeared to really like their work.  Their interactions with us were not overbearing, answered all our questions, and seemed excited that we were going to the ballet afterwards.  One had a friend who used to be in the company so it brought him some nice memories.

I highly recommend Spice Finch.  If you're vegetarian this is another outstanding choice in Philadelphia.  If you eat meat, this is another outstanding choice in Philadelphia!

$260 not including tip for four.  Off menu Chef's Choice agreed $50 a person. Includes alcohol.
Omg. This place is amazing. I was a huge fan of jen Carroll but had been disappointed in her post Too chef days.... until now. 
It always makes me feel a bit odd to go to a restaurant in the lobby of a hotel, but this isn't that. So first off the space is amazing. I may be in the minority here but I love how roomy everything is. There is an amazing amount of space between tables and so servers aren't trying to squeeze by, and I don't feel like I have to listen to anyone else's conversation. Win. 
Let's get to the food--it's Mediterranean inspired and done oh so well. I would go back for the baked cheese alone. Can this be my happy hour? A drink and baked cheese? I do wish it came with some bread as opposed to being 2$ extra. 
The octopus was cooked perfectly and while I loved everything else on the dish (squash, sauce, mushrooms)--I just wanted more octopus! 
The cauliflower was executed so well. 
But... my favorite part of my meal was the lamb shank. I am normally not a person who chooses lamb on the menu.... but this I would do a billion times over. It's perfectly cooked and fall off the bone. It gives zahav's a run for its money!

I'm super excited to have this restaurant to impress guests!
This. Place. Was. Spectacular! SO can't wait to go back! 

I walk by this place all the time and live just a few blocks away. I've been wanting to come while in Philly for a while because I LOVE Meditteranean food. We came here last night at 7:30 with a party of 6. Pro tip: Yes, this is a great date night spot, but with so many great dishes on the menu, come with a larger group of people so you can share!

We walked in and met some of our party at the bar, which is right there when you walk in the front door. We let our hostess know that everyone had arrived and we were taken back to the second part of the restaurant/dining area and sat right in the middle at a huge round table with a perfect view of the kitchen #winning! 

They have a great selection of creative and traditional cocktails. As much as I love cocktails, I typically stick with a healthier option alcohol wise or wine. I ended up trying the "Rest in Pete's", which had vodka, prosecco, preserved lemon, turmeric, sumac, saffron. It was a nice, delicate balance of sweet and tangy, which I liked, but probably wouldn't order again. 

Our waiter was AMAZING, I wish I could remember his name even though I asked specifically for it right before we left! He was just the right amount of informative, funny, charismatic, well-paced and patient with our undecisive and uber chatty group. We asked what his favorite dishes were, and after going through a long list of the menu (how could you not!?), we decided to basically order everything he suggested. A group of 6, why not? 

Loved that we had a lazy susan in the middle of our table as well, which made it perfect for sharing, nibbling and noshing while we immersed in laughs and great conversation throughout the night. We ordered (*'s next to my favorites):

To start: 
-Shabazi Fries with harissa aioli (described to us as McDonald's fries but a little spicier... yes!)
-Baked cheese with shredded phyllo, ricotta, mozzarella (not my favorite only because I'm not a huge ricotta fan)
***Roasted Cauliflower with coriander cashew butter, pickled onion, herb oil (SO good)
***Octopus Escabeche with zucchini, corn, herb oil (also SO good)
***Chili-Chicken Kebab with swiss chard, sesame yogurt, garlic streusel
***Tahina, Garlic Yogurt, and Muhumara sauces with flatbread 

Second:
-Warm grain salad with couscous, hominy, puffed rice, lemon
*****Whole roasted red snapper with ramp vinaigrette, rice, preserved lemon (heavenly)
******Date Braised Lamb Shank with warm grain salad, roasted vegetables, cucumber (to die)

Dessert (we tried one of everything):
-Burnt Cream (toasted cold cream, rose syrup, fresh berries)... it's like a GOOD version of pannacotta 
*****Shredded Wheat (cashew, walnut, cinnamon, lemon syrup)... OMG these are AMAZING. It's like their version of baklava, but like a piece of shredded wheat
-Chocolate Tahini Cake (buttercream, orange sorbet, orange meringue)
***Sundae (vanilla cardamom gelato, banana, sherry caramel) 

Honestly, I don't think you could go wrong with any of their menu items and I'm looking forward to coming back to try all the things I didn't on this go around. For those of you who don't know, the chef, Jennifer Carroll, is from Top Chef. We asked our waiter to have her come out, which she did, at the end, and took photos with us. She shared what inspired Meditteranean for this restaurant and the backstory which was really cool to hear from her herself. 

FYI, bathrooms are down through the hotel lobby (which after a few drinks can seem a little confusing with their mirrored walls and dark lighting everywhere) and to the left. The women's door is extremely hard to open. 

Thank you Spice Finch, can't wait to come back!
I was super excited to read that another Top Cheftestant was coming home to roost. And opening a style of food I absolutely adore.  I love when North African French Moroccan Mediterranean implode into a flavor profile that makes my tongue sing. 
Came here on opening week. I pretty much expected not to take pictures as I was super excited for our food. 
Right I was, each plate coming out was so quickly chomped and slurped up that I didn't even have a thought to take pictures!!
Everything was absolutely tasty, with a lot of flavor punch and smacks of the lip. And wishing for more more more. Need to go back until I've tried it all
We got the date truffles, so sweet and salty. croquettes with the most flavorful gooey, melty cheese inside the perfect crunchy crunch bite. The fresh parsley salad was so bright and delicious. 
The chili chicken Kebap was so juicy. With the pomegranate swisschard and sesame yogurt.
The salt baked eggplant was very tasty. 
Dessert is a must! Got the chocolate cake with tahini orange and meringue. 
I can't explain, all of this food is out of sight. -- you have to eat it for yourself!! It all mixes together in a fancy way and tastes like nothing I've had. 
I am definitely coming back!
Flavor, flavor, and more flavor! Savory flavors, complex flavors, and unexpected flavors is what a meal at Spice Finch will bring into your life. My only regret is waiting so long to try it. The menu is full of Mediterranean inspired dishes. I liked everything were ordered but each item was so different in flavor. It was a table full of variety! 

The berbere chips are a well seasoned take on a pita chip. We choose the ramp vinaigrette for dipping. I am a huge fan of ramps and this came with so much flavor although it was a combo that I never would have thought to put together on my own.

The peri peri shrimp were the best dish of the evening. You get several large prawns packed with so much flavor in a rich tomato based sauce with a little heat.  We used bread to soak up ever bit of that sauce since it was so precious.  

The shabazi fries are well seasoned, but a little thinner cut than my personal fry preferences.  The pea cocktail was everything I was looking for a cocktail and more.  It smells and tastes of fresh peas and is like summer in a glass.  It's also garnished with a cute little flower and filled to the rim.

The only dish that really wasn't a wow for me was the dessert.  We had a chocolate tehina cake that looked really pretty, but was sweeter than I prefer and didn't have too much going on flavor wise.  I'd probably skip dessert next time.

I have returned again for snacks since my initial visit and for another pea cocktail late one evening.  It was just as good the second time.  The green bean fattoush was a delicious take on a classic with so much freshness and great textures. Service has been spot on both times as well.  It looks like Spice Finch will be a regular spot for me in my Philly restaurant must visits from now on.  If you haven't tried it yet and like strong, varied flavors, you should come see what you're missing!
COVID Update: First and foremost, I want to emphasize that they label every take out item on the container, which is so helpful. I mean anyone could recognize the peri peri shrimp, but what's this red thing? Beet borani, oh okay sweet (don't know what that means, but at least I have a general idea). Small things matter, and Spice Finch's attention to detail doesn't suffer with takeout.

They are offering a limited menu right now, which is still very comprehensive - some of their best dishes are on there. However, I wasn't paying attention to what vegan, gluten free, etc options were still on there. They have an extensive menu for people with food restrictions usually. We got a takeout tasting with 2 small plates and an added entree for 2 people, and it was plenty of food (maybe too much?)

The quality of the food was still excellent. Everything tasted just as good as dining in except the baked cheese. You can't replicate the crispy bottom from the cast iron skillet or the crunchy shredded phyllo dough, but that was a risk we were willing to take - still DELISH. While I missed their clover club (like a lot), I must say, it was really nice to be able to pair the meal with a bottle of our own wine.
Vibes: cool, casual but sophisticated; can be intimate and romantic but also group-friendly 

Tasting notes:
-Grape leaves: as an appetizer, light, refreshing, but has substance, just a touch sweet; farro is chewy but not too firm
-Muhumara dip: sweet, fragrant from the dill; loved the added crunch from the walnut; flatbread was fluffy, not too dense or thick 
-Peri-Peri Shrimp: comes with flatbread for picking up the soupy, deeply lemon-y sauce; shrimp served whole but head comes off very easily; meat is springy and flavorful 
-Roasted Cauliflower: tender bite, stem is fairly firm; cashew butter adds a unique taste and creaminess especially with the fragrant herb oil 
-Date-Braised Lamb Shank: meat falls off the bone with the lightest fork pull; sauce is fairly salty, recommend mixing it with the accompanying grain salad, which is fluffy with delightful crunchy rice puffs interspersed; loved the roasted, flavorful vegetables; a substantial dish to share among 2-3 people

Other notes:
-Absolutely loved the beautiful glassware and plates
-This set of dishes was satisfying for 3 people
-Besides the lamb shank, the other dishes were appetizer-sized
As a early lunch/brunch, Spice Finch offered something pleasantly different than the innumerable hipster brunch options in Center City. While the prices were still a bit on the excessive side, my friends and family had a great time trying out new items such as the savory shakshuka, meguez (mutton/beef sausage) wrap, the sweet date wraps, and the broccoli tabbouleh. My personal favorite was the tabbouleh, as I've never had those two combinations before and it was one of the cheaper and more filling dish. The meguez was also a smash hit with a carefully crafted blend of gamy protein, harrisa, garlic yogurt and tomato chutney. I was a bit underwhelmed by the one-note, salty shakshuka and the slightly overpriced brunch cocktails, and I was saddened to miss out on the popular shabazi fries (out at 10am).

The only thing to note is that while the online brunch menu mentions the items we had this day, they were not available (strictly enforced) until 10:30am. So..we had to just sit there and wait before the kitchen could make those dishes, which was a little bit disappointing.

Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 2 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
A lovely addition to Rittenhouse! Don't let the name confuse you, this Mediterranean gem of a restaurant opened up just a few weeks ago and has been praised for its delicacies. So I had to check it out. Made reservations on Wednesday for Friday at 6 pm, only three spots where open! 
We reached around 5:50pm on Friday and were almost seated immediately. You will be surprised at the size of this place, it has a full bar upfront and plenty of high tables, inner section has sofa benches or family tables. It is adjoining the Warwick and share their restrooms. 
Our server was with us shortly and asked us if it was our first time. She was happy to have explained the menus and gave us great suggestions on the drinks. We ordered the organized chaos and rest in Pete's. 
For shareable apps we ordered the yoghurt crisps, chili chicken kebabs and the shabazi fries! 
Oh my god each dish was better than the other, the fries were seasoned so well and the harissa aioli was devour worthy. 
We didn't get any entrees, but I am so looking forward to my next visit! 
Ambience 5/5
Service 5/5 
Food 6/5 
Cost 4.5/5 ( slightly expensive, but hey it's Rittenhouse)
This place was an unexpected treat! We wandered around Rittenhouse square looking for something flavorful which wouldn't break the bank for a casual dinner Tuesday evening. We got the bean tagine, merguez kabob, and the charted carrots. I only remembered to take a photo of the carrots but they were superb. Usually roast carrot recipe includes a healthy dollop of yogurt but these stood on their own with a superb blend of spices. The merguez sauce was a blend of different colors which fit together excellent. 

Highly recommend!
I was looking forward to trying this place after viewing a few pics of the food, but ended up being a little turned off after lunch. I guess I was expecting more of an authentic med/middle eastern restaurant. I didn't realize until after our lunch that it's a " top chef " winner's restaurant. The inside gave off a weird vibe that felt kinda like a hotel lobby (maybe because it is attached to a hotel). The music they played was also odd for the type of restaurant, but it certainly 'went' with the feel of the place. Food was good, but menu was strange. Mezze dips were listed under " sauces, " which was confusing because it was right next to sandwiches. Id asked about them and learned that they don't actually come with pita. We ordered the shakshuka and a burger. Both were good, but not very filling. Burger came with no sides. I think the most off-putting were the prices, since it would have been $21 for a small burger and a side of fries. There are much better middle eastern food places in philly that I can't imagine over paying for good, but just mediocre food given the prices. Zahav, Dizengoff, Goldie, Suraya, Isot, Aroma in KOP, and Alyan's are much better and authentic.
We went here for my husband's birthday and the food was great!  Highly recommend to try this place out if you're looking for something flavorful and new. They offer a wide variety of veg and non-veg options. Portion sizes are small so you have to order multiple dishes for a full meal. I also recommend coming here during a weeknight rather than Friday or Saturday as it was a bit crowded. Overall this is a lovely place in the city with some exotic flavors!
This was a great find that my aunt came up with for dinner during my visit.  A perfect choice if you're after a leisurely dinner with a lot going on.  Personally, that's my thing.  If you're a "gimme a bottle of A-1 with my steak" person this may not be the best choice for you.

We ordered a variety of dishes and shared everything.  All represented a virtual explosion of flavor and were executed flawlessly.

Standouts were the blistered shishito peppers with harissa & tahini as well as the peri peri shrimp.  Best bite of the night goes to the charred octopus.  I am a huge sucker for a good charred octopus!
Was excited to visit opening weekend. To rank the food I tried: the croquettes and lamb rib made me say "wow."  

The baked samosa and peri peri shrimp were good, but there were three shrimp with the $16 plate. Portions are generally quite small.

The tortilla appetizer was decent.  

It's a fun ambiance (hello sexy wallpaper) and I plan on returning but maybe for a snack, a drink,  the new desserts they plan on adding rather than spending the money on a full meal here.
Quite a disappointing meal at Spice Finch. I had noticed the stellar Yelp reviews a few months ago and kept this place on my radar. I saw some buzz from Eater and Craig Laban. I noticed Philly Mag felt lukewarm about it. I live right next to Suraya, so it took a little while to feel motivated to try yet another Mediterranean-inspired small-plate restaurant downtown. It was a letdown. 

The restaurant is attached to the Radisson Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse. Bright and airy, it doesn't want for space. The bar is large and the centerpiece of the restaurant. There's also a tastefully-places television at the end of it. Overall the ambiance is polished but I felt that the lights should have been more dim at night. It just didn't have a romantic vibe because it was too bright.

We ordered two cocktails, the fries, the dates, the roasted cauliflower, the lamb ribs and the salt baked eggplant. I feel terrible saying this but none of the dishes were balanced or tasty. All of it felt forced and heavy-handed with spice. If you're using fresh ingredients, you don't need ten different spices to showcase the products! The dates had far too much citrus/lime and this overpowered any subtlety of truffle. The fries were thin and tasty but unremarkably seasoned. The roasted cauliflower was undercooked and the seasoning too acidic. The lamb ribs were tender but just a tad too fatty and probably should've been served with some sort of accompaniment. Or else the waitress should've suggested a sauce. The baked salted eggplant was the biggest failure and made me so sad. In the right hands, eggplant is the sexiest and tastiest vegetable ever (usually those hands are Japanese or Italian). In the wrong hands it has too much salt, too many acidic tomatoes and none of the silky luscious texture for which it is lauded. 

If the food itself wasn't enough of a letdown, the pacing was worse. The fries and dates and lamb ribs came out all at once before we had even received our cocktails (another source of disappointment). And then, 20 minutes later, the eggplant appeared. It would have been helpful if our server had ordered the snacks first and warned us the eggplant takes much longer to cook. She was nice enough but seemed a bit overwhelmed. 

Overall, Spice Finch was one of the biggest surprises I've had in Philadelphia - and not in a good way.
What a treat this was! Came here for my friend's 25th birthday and was totally wowed from start to finish.

From date night, to work gathering, to a birthday party, this place is a spot to be! The ambience is incredible and the decoration is eclectic meets sensual meats sexy meets elegant!

We were a table reserved for six and were seated at a very large table in the back center of the restaurant with a prime view of both the bar and the kitchen! The table was huge! And definitely would've comfortably fit 8 to 10 people. So the six of us were spread out quite a bit! So even as I speak into my phone to type this (does anyone even actually type anymore?) my voice is hoarse.  Dead center was a large Lazy Susan which came in handy as this restaurant serves family style and bring the food out as it is prepared. 

Our server, Lauren, was so accommodating and even offered us another table when we asked. But we stuck it out and were glad we did! We were centrally located, but there was still an aura of privacy. 

We ordered a bottle of wine for half of the table (ended up getting two) and the other half of the table ordered drinks. The drink menu was wonderful! Next time I go I want to try "the two in the four" because what girl doesn't love herbs and vodka?!? 

Lauren made some great recommendations and we ended up ordering two "for the tables" and six other menu items. See pics. 

Frankly I believe this is all too much to put into a review but I put together a collage of my photos so you can see what is in each item.

Highlights included those chili chicken kebabs and the black bass fish! I also loved the stuffed grape leaves!  It was sweet yet savory: almost like Spice Finch's own sushi! 

The menu was ever-changing so the carrot hummus was replaced with the beet borani- it was a beautiful color served with cucumbers and delicious pita. It's like beet hummus! It was delicious!

I have never heard of some of the herbs that are used inside their cooking, and Lauren gave us a rundown of what they each were. 
**i just highly recommend trying anything that you like 75% of the ingredients in. 

This place is pricey, six of us was about $360 no dessert- But we left full and happy!
I went to Spice Finch the first time for brunch today. They recently added a brunch menu, so I think less people know about it as a brunch spot. It was really easy for me make a reservation for a larger group, so that was also nice compared to other brunch places in the city. 

I loved the decor on the inside. They have a huge bar!!! I will definitely be back for drinks. 

I ordered the eggs, potatoes and merguez dish. It was amazing! I literally ate the entire plate and had no leftovers. I didn't know what merguez was, but it's a Lamb sausage and I really liked it! You can also get the dish with bacon. My friends and I then shared the lemon cinnamon roll, which was so, so good! The roll was on the denser side and had lemon zest on top and an amazing cream cheese frosting. Another plus is that they serve la Colombe coffee!

I definitely want to come back to Spice Finch for dinner and drinks one day!
I went to breakfast twice and then later on in the night for drinks as this restaurant was attached to the hotel I was staying at. Entrances are through the street and hotel. 

The breakfast was the better of the two. I had the two eggs (scrambled) and potatoes with the bacon.  One breakfast I asked for a substitution on the bacon and it was not an issue. The second time I went you would have thought I was asking for a constitutional amendment.  The server said that they were stopping free substitution this Sunday.  After some wrangling he agreed to the substitution and brought a minuscule side of fruit.  The coffee on the second day was burnt. The bread and jam are great.  

For drinks it was a miss. I didn't enjoy the house old fashion and the next day asked for a regular old fashion. It was ok.  The burnt carrot hummus was amazing as was the bread.  

Service was good. 
Parking: garage on the side, otherwise take an ubber. 
Overall: jury is out but it's ok.  The service was friendly and the food was consistent that's why the fourth star.
Spice Finch serves up good Mediterranean food, albeit at high prices, and with very risqué decor choices.

We came here as a large group for Restaurant Week, and we feasted on many of the different items in the menu. They were all delicious and well-prepared. Portion sizes are a bit smaller, so beware if you're super hungry. But if you have just a normal hunger level and want something fancier, then the food here will please.

The biggest detractor for me was the fact that there were literally sex scenes covering the entire wall. I found that incredibly inappropriate, and it turned me off the experience. For that reason alone, I don't plan on returning.

So if you're looking for expensive but good Mediterranean food, then Spice Finch has what you want - though you'll need to either get takeout or be comfortable with pornographic wallpaper if you want to enjoy it.
I'm behind on reviews but want to make sure I acknowledge the great experience I had two weeks ago at Spice Finch.  The atmosphere and the food are both unique and terrific, but it was really the service that stood out most to me.  I am sorry to admit I do not remember our server's name, but he was incredibly friendly, funny, and helpful.  He helped push our dinner experience from great to excellent, which is something few servers are ever able to do.

As others have said, the food here is flavorful and different, so it may not be the best for super picky eaters.  My fiance got unlucky and bit into a mega spicy shishito pepper (of which there are very few), rendering him unable to taste anything else for a solid ten minutes.  (Our friendly waiter offered, in all seriousness, to bring a glass of milk to the table!)  But we thoroughly enjoyed every one of the four dishes we shared, which included the shishito peppers, fries, warm grain salad, and a sort of meat pie.  Incidentally, those four dishes provided plenty of food for the two of us and were plenty affordable -- though we'd also had happy hour snacks earlier in the evening at a different bar.

The only real detractor from the experience was that the restrooms are outside through the hotel lobby, which necessitated quite a trek and complex navigation through throngs of teenagers attending some sort of prom.  Given the size of the restaurant, I'm a bit surprised they don't at least have some minimal restroom space.

Overall, a great spot for an evening that is upscale but not at all stuffy.  Certainly a fantastic date spot, but I could also see it being a lot of fun for a small group of fairly adventurous eaters who all want to share dishes and try new things together.
Came here for brunch, and did outdoor seating! I wasn't that excited by their brunch menu, but was really excited to try the chicken kabob.

I split the trio of spreads with my friend, and it was great! They give you veggies to dip with, along with crackers. I loved having the veggies to dip with, as it's quite refreshing. Then I got the chicken kabob -- which was incredible! Would definitely recommend getting it if you can. Was super tender & so flavorful!
I came across Spice Finch a few times on Eater Philly page, and I thought to my self...why haven't I went here yet. It almost seems like they're competing against Suraya Restaurant. 

Making reservations and finding availability on a weekend was fairly easy. 

Restaurant is a part of this beautiful hotel in the city called Warwick, so if you need to use the restroom, you gotta walk out the restaurant and go to the hotel to use the restroom - which I thought was pretty annoying, especially when it's freezing cold out in the winter. 

Ambience - is beautiful, especially near the bar area. While I was eating dinner, I though to my self that I rather sit and eat at the bar than at the tables because the bar area just looked so much more cuter. The restaurant has a few separate areas for dinner and one big area looks like a normal dinner place but there are few small other sections for dinner that are very segregated and almost feels like I'm sitting in a cafe. 

Service - is excellent. Multiple people comes to check on your, fill your glasses, clean the table and all that fun jazz.. 

Food- 
I could not stop eating their Shabazi Fries that comes with this amazing Aioli (+$2 if you ask for extra). 

Baked cheese was really good, with full of flavors. BUT, it does not come with anything to eat with, so you have to order a side of flatbread to go with it. Flat bread is pretty basic Mediterranean flat bread with za'atar, but it's really soft and warm. 

I thought the croquettes was alright. They're very nice and crispy, filled with cheese and served on a layer of mashed avocado and olive oil. I'd have loved them if there was some flavor to it or served with some dipping sauce. 

Roasted cauliflower was good, but again, not full of flavors. It was more enjoying to eat it as a side to our dry rubbed chicken. 

Dry rubbed chicken was amazing!!! It's nicely cooked with a crispy layer of skin and very nice and soft inside. We got a small size and it was more than enough to share it with 2-3 people. It's a whole chicken that they cut it up in pieces to make it easier. We had about 4-5 big pieces and I was pretty much full after the appetizers and 1 piece of chicken. Chicken comes with a side of Muhamara which is slightly on the sweet side so I opted out of that because I enjoy flavors and spices instead of sweets. I enjoyed the other vegetables it comes with. 

I'll definitely return back again and try their Shakshuka
Without being accused of "You just like Jenn and Billy/Billy and Jenn so of course you are giving them 5 stars" - they are getting solid 4 stars. The kind of 4 stars that in a couple of months as they iron out the kinks should move straight to 5. Also, we outsourced the selection of the plates to wonderful servers/kitchen staff.

0. Maybe my standards for size are dropping thanks to the incredible rents NYC restaurants pay but this place is huge. Absolutely positively huge. And it seems it is able to deliver consistent food.

1. Spiced yogurt. This thing is absolutely positively delicious. Take it from someone who spent a lot of time in the Middle East. It is the bomb. Creamy, garlicy and delicious. And fried pita. Oh. My. God. The fried pita. Or maybe it was not even a pita. Get it. 

15 out of possible 10 points.

2. Stuffed Grape Leaves - definitely not what I expected. I dont quite know how I feel about it being called "stuffed grape leaves" since one expects a rather specific middle eastern interpretation of what it should be. It was not. It was something else even though true to the form it was stuffed grape laves.

9 out of 10 points. Probably because I cannot get over how it was something else than what I expected based on a name. Still excellent.

3. Dates - yummy. They could even be a desert less sweet dessert if someone did not want to have a traditional middle eastern desert.

9 out of 10.

4. Peri Peri shrimp - I have no words. Just get it.

10 out of 10

5. Broccoli Tabouleh - I may have to reconsider my general antipathy towards broccoli. It was that good.

9 out of 10.

6. Merguez Kebab - absolutely positively delicious. Get it. Get it. And get it.

10 out of 10. 

I think we got two more things but I was so full by the time I dont even quite remember what they were -- food coma. They were, however, very well done.
We really enjoyed the food here but were not fans of the pacing. We ordered 5 smaller plates and they started arriving before drinks hit the table and within five or so minutes of the first small dish appearing, our table was full (so full I was nervous I'd knock something over) of food. I understand often times dishes come out when they are ready, but your entire meal should not come out at once like that. Not sure if it was a kitchen issue, a service issue, or what, but hopefully it was just an off night. If I return, I would probably make sure to let them know I'd prefer slightly more time between dishes. 

As for food, we got the octopus, lamb ribs, merguez kabob, cauliflower and berbere carrots as well as an addition of the garlic yogurt. The vegetable dishes were the standouts, but everything was tasty. Presentation was also beautiful.
We've been hearing about SF and decided to stop in here - luckily got a just in time reservation.

Small plates were amazing - lamb was amazing.  

Great for kids, and the entire menu can basically be modified to be gluten free. 

Finally something different in Philadelphia.
What an experience. In town for a business meeting. Thought we would try something different.
Casual and non pretentious atmosphere. Pleasant and light.
Had the peppers and cauliflower appetizers then followed by the shrimp and lamb shank with couscous side. Wow! Flavorful, delicate, balanced spice, varied palate. Very pleased and very impressed.
I am coming back to check the rest of the menu.
If you want to try a cuisine beside just having the usual, this place has something for every palate. 
Yelpers, check it out.
Came here for dinner with a friend. Overall very solid with great service and trendy decor. The food was presented nicely as well. Prices were reasonable, compared to San Francisco.

I ordered a non-alcoholic cocktail, the N/A-groni ("non alcoholic (ne)groni") and it was really good - the butters taste really came through.

We started with the charred carrot hummus - the flatbread this came with was delicious, but the hummus itself was bland. Would not order again - just get the flatbread.

Then we got the roasted cauliflower - if you've been to Zahav, this was very similar to their version, except less salty. This is a good thing as I felt Zahav's cauliflower was a bit too salty. This cauliflower was tasty and I might order this again, but I'm not usually a fan of cauliflower.

The little neck clams followed. I usually like clams but I wasn't as much a fan of the sauce/flavors they paired with the clams - I think the tomatoes added too much sweetness. It came with another delicious flatbread to sop up the juices. My dining partners really liked this dish though. I wouldn't order it again but it was popular at the table so worth a try.

We also ordered the charred octopus. I found the octopus might have been slightly under-salted but was otherwise pretty solid. Would order again because I love charred octopus.

Our main dish was the date braised lamb shank. The meat was tender (fall off the bone - easily pulled with a fork) and flavorful but not too salty, as lamb sometimes can be. The roasted vegetables underneath were decent but not amazing. The lamb came with a giant grain salad that was a little plain (seemed to be mostly a bowl of farro) but I had leftovers the next day and mixed it with the roasted veggies and it made a delicious breakfast. I would definitely order this again. 

For dessert we got the chocolate tahini cake. It came with a yummy blood orange sorbet and I appreciated the tehina taste of the "whipped cream" (seemed to be actually tehina cream) on top. The cake was light and not too dense and sweet, as chocolate cakes can be. Would order this again.

My review might sound tepid, but this was overall a very solid experience. Portions were generous, service was prompt and friendly, and while the meal wasn't the best I'd ever had, it was very reliable. Would return.

Standouts for me:
The non alcoholic cocktail
The flatbread
The lamb
The dessert
Went here for birthday celebration. Been here several times before with glowing results. However, whatever the reasons, it isn't the same.
The food was good but not like pre Covid.
The staff is unprofessional, not knowledgeable of procedures or menu offerings and had to be reminded three times about our birthday celebration. It was even noted on the reservation and confirmed with hostess. The waitress took the cake off the table and then brought it back with a candle in it and not everyone was even at the table when she delivered the lit candle.
Also, we picked a wine and then was informed they were out of it. Why put a bottle on a paper menu or QR code if you don't have it? The waitress substituted another bottle on the bar tenders recommendation and charged us $15. More without even telling us.

Very disappointed and unprofessional for a $235 dinner/per couple. Lots of other great places where that money can be spent!
WOW! that's my take away from my first visit to Spice Finch.  
I ended up getting an early reservation on Friday night before a show and this place turned out to be perfect.  I'd expected it to be good but it was way better than good.  The Mediterranean menu had an interesting blend of eastern spices and every single dish we had was perfect.  
The Octopus was perfectly tender and as a dish it was cohesive and wonderful to share.  The Lamb merges  dish was incredible. We also shared a lamb and beef samosa was super delicious. The "for the table" size of the baked eggplant was just right and damn, that dish was just as wonderful.  Everything was spot on.
AND.... get this,,,, the beautiful, elegant, cool atmosphere was not.. I say NOT loud! Once the place filled up it was still easy to talk and hear.  I had been there with some family, including my mother and it was especially enjoyable as a result.  This I think is part of smart design; notice the ceiling is absorbent and smart looking.

Service was impeccable. (sigh).  OK Im exhausted from gushing here.
(did I mention the price over all was really quite reasonable???

OK OK , I'll stop now.

Mmmm
Like the last time I ate at Spice Finch, I stopped in for a late dinner after a long day of travel. Thankfully the similarities with my last visit end there - this time, the food and service were markedly improved.

The egg and potato tortilla ($9) was as silky, light, and delicious as remembered. The samosa was a shocking $15, but when it arrived at the table - a round, well-stuffed behemoth of a pastry easily split by a party of 3-4 and served with a delicious curry yogurt, we felt the price was justified. It really filled us up to the point that we were glad we'd gotten the half-order of the chicken ($26) instead of the whole; the chicken was moist and intensely flavorful, rubbed with spices blended so seamlessly, we could not even begin to figure them all out.

We ended the meal with the chocolate tahini cake ($9), a decadent slice topped with sweet-savory tahini cream and served with a refreshingly tart blood orange sorbet.

Our server (unfortunately didn't catch his name) was friendly and enthusiastic about the menu, and our food came out at a good pace. Considering that Spice Finch is a hotel restaurant, I find the prices reasonable, and it seems like the kitchen and front of the house have found their rhythm - with intensely delicious results.
Amazing mediterranean food!! Ordered the charred carrot hummus, broccoli tabouleh, and date braised lamb shank. the lamb shank was AMAZING. They definitely did not skimp on the portion size. The lamb was fall-off-the-bone good and you can tell it had been slow roasted for a long time. Probably one of the best lambs I've had in Philly. The vegetable assortment complementing the dish was also great and definitely stood its own even next to the lamb. Had to limit it to only those three dishes because it was just the two of us, but will definitely come back and try the other items on the menu. 

Great service too - our waitress was very knowledgeable and had a very soothing voice (she could definitely have been a yoga instructor). Atmosphere was great as well. My only small complaint is that the bathroom is a bit far - located through the hotel down a couple of hallways.
I really wanted to like this place, but there were too many challenges to give it more stars. We ate at the bar on a very non-busy night, with maybe 10 other people in the whole restaurant. Nevertheless, staff was hard to get a hold of, not friendly, and constantly hanging around chatting right in front of us, gossiping about their team. The food was fine, but not for the prices being charged - I think you could get comparable quality at any decent cheap Mediterranean place, as it really plays on fresh ingredients being treated well. The most unique dish available was the roasted carrot hummus. Everything else felt uninspired. And the atmosphere, when not packed, feels very off - the lighting is cold and almost fluorescent, and the decor is very 'I went to design school in 2003'.
It will be hard to find the words to describe how absolutely divine everything at Spice Finch is!! The new restaurant is in a sleek new space that's perfect for a girl's night out or a date night. 

The entire menu is enticing, with Mediterranean appetizers, meats, seafood, veggies and more! We decided to share a few dishes, but it was difficult to decide what to order from all the amazing choices. 

First up, the light and fresh OCTOPUS ESCABECHE. The octopus is lightly cooked and served in small pieces in an herb-infused oil, with zucchini, corn, watermelon radish, and fresh herbs. The entire dish is light and fresh a perfect summer delight!

The BERBERE CARROTS were TO DIE FOR. The carrots are perfectly cooked without being too crunch or too soft, and served in a savory spice-infused "broth" that is warming and delectable. I cannot describe what it tastes like other than heavenly carrots.

The ROASTED CAULIFLOWER was another show-stopper. The cauliflower is served whole, with crispy charred edges, and breaks apart with your spoon. It's served atop a creamy coriander cashew butter and an herb oil to add a savoryness to the dish. A must for cauli lovers!

The SALT BAKED EGGPLANT was my least favorite dish, but I can see many others loving this. While I was expecting a simple eggplant dish, but this is a ginormous, decadent and heavy veggie dish. The eggplants are baked with salt, and alyered with a heavy layer of a cream sauce. It's more like an eggplant lasagna-ish type dish. It's very hearty! 

Overall, everything was absolutely delicious, and I know next time there's an entire menu of items I'd love to sample. And I know this has nothing to do with the restaurant, but certainly adds to my experience - Obama was giving a speech at the hotel next door, and drove by and waved out of his window, and we were able to see him from the large windows. Definitely the icing on the cake at this phenomenal meal!
Came with family and friends here for restaurant week. It was an app, meal and desert for 40. We were suppose to get pita but ended up with the crisps (they have a slight kick and were pretty tasty! but also one little bowl lol). Next was the app which for me personally I got the tortilla which I've never had but enjoyed it especially with the aioli it was drizzled with. Others at my table got the peppers which they also enjoyed. For the meal I got the lamb kebab and others got the fish. Now the fish at least comes with a side of rice. The kebob? only the kebob. It was tasty but dang just one?! and they didn't in their regular menu have sides that I could add so I grabbed a waiter who gave me some flatbread to help fill me up. The flavors and everything were so tasty but dang the portions are tiny so order up! Felipe our waiter was super attentive and great as well as other waiters helping us out. Again I truly would recommend with knowing that you need more to make sure you feel like you're getting a full meal.
Spice Finch !!! I can't say enough about how AMAZING this restaurant is !! From the drink menu to the wine all the way to the food . Everything is delicious . We were there last night with another couple and literally were fighting over the last bites of each dish !! We ordered the baked cheese again because we needed to have more . The restaurant runs like a well oiled machine . The sound proofing is so nice . We didn't leave feeling like we screamed over our table all night . We dined for about 3 hours and loved every second of it !! Even dessert . Get the shredded wheat !!!!! Out of this world !!!! Do I hear the James beard awards calling !!!!! Chef Jen and chef billy !!! Knocked this one out of the park !!!
super excited that the opening of spice finch coincided with my trip back up to philly so i dragged bae to dinner with me to try this new restaurant.

first of all, for all of those that are wondering, spice finch IS actually a type of bird (google it). its mad cute and is also the cute logo on their menus. 

took everyone's yelp suggestions into consideration and ordered the following:
SHABAZI FRIES: really delicious. at first glance, they look like dressed up mcds fries, but tastes better than mcd fries (and trust me, i love me some mcd fries though). LOVE it with the aioli, although i do wish it also came with some ketchup. (i am a scientist after all: for standard comparison with all other fries across the world)
DRY ROASTED CHICKEN: this is a whole chicken. i repeat, this is a whole chicken (even though it may look like a 1/2 chicken). we shared this between the 2 of us and couldn't finish it. but i eat very little. if you wanted to get this, i would suggest this plus an app plus a small plate. the things that really stood out on this dish were the vegetables accompiaments and the amazing heat sauce underneath the chicken. to die for! 
FROZEN COCKTAIL CORPSE REVIVER #2: interesting flavor. definitely packs in a punch though. im a light weight and was definitely feeling it after 1/4 of the cup. melts quick, so if you dont like your drinks melty drink fast! 

service / details wise, it was fine for a new establishment. i'm sure it will improve over the weeks to come as everyone gets more accustomed to the space and place.  and along with other recs, the portions are quite smaller than expected (hence why a normal couple will probably have to order more food than we did) and prices can get up there if you don't keep an eye out on what you're ordering.

one annoying thing about the place is that there isnt a restroom inside the restaurant space. since it's connected to the hotel next door, you have to walk out the side door into the hotel lobby, cross the lobby to go to the hotel lobby restroom. not the biggest deal, but is kinda different. 

overall: good food, great tastes (loved the spices). not mind blowing though, and gonna let the growing pains work themselves out before coming back with friends to try some more food!
Food was delicious - I had the yogurt & granola and my boyfriend had the two eggs and potatoes. 

The granola was delicious. Not too sweet/surgery and the yogurt was a thick, delicious greek yogurt. Topped with a generous amount of berries. The eggs were good but the potatoes and the lamb sausage were what really stood out. Incredible! 

The manager of the restaurant came up and chatted with us as well. He was super kind and seemed like he really cared about our experience. 

The only downsides about Spice Finch - they had ran out of matzah after the first night of passover (seems like poor planning), and they do not serve the frittata or Shakshuka at Breakfast time (brunch only). This left few choices for anyone following passover tradition. Our waitress was also a little off-putting and seemed to be in a rush. Not very friendly. 

Because of the wonderful food and delightful manager, I would definitely give spice finch another try and recommend it to others.
Delightful! A fresh chic restaurant with very flavorful food, welcoming service and a fabulous selection of cocktails ! I tried the beet and feta dip (must try) , the yogurt garlic dip (perfectly made) and the Berber crips (absolutely must try). After these mesmerizing dips and crisps I ordered the lamb sausage and chilli chicken kebabs. And I just kept alternate bites of both these dishes and then finally gave up on which is better.. both were totally delish!! 
I held myself back from ordering yet another plate because by now I am certain that dessert would be phenomenal as well and I was so glad I saved some appetite for the chocolate tahini cake with blood orange sorbet. This was like something I had never had before ! Totally recommend this to anyone who likes tahini!
To preface, Mediterranean food is typically not my top choice simply because there are usually other things I would rather have but when friends asked me and my husband to go for restaurant week we happily agreed. I was very pleasantly surprised with our experience and, overall, I thought the food was phenomenal. Here's a quick re-cap:

We had reservations for 8 on a Friday and although we arrived 10 minutes late we still had to wait another 10 min to be seated. Maybe that was our fault for being late (if they had seated another table ahead of us) except that the whole vestibule was crowded with people also waiting to be seated so this bugged me. It was jam packed in there so service was slow to start off- we didn't get water for longer than appropriate although I'm sure it was 5 min or less (still, too long) and our meal stretched on well over 2 hours. I was also uncomfortably warm for the first half of the meal, probably due to how crowded it was in the restaurant. This is the only reason I am knocking 1 star.

Now onto the good part: food. I have been partaking in dry January so I can't comment on drinks but the food was awesome. We all did the restaurant week menu but decided to add a few things since our friend had been previously and commented that portions were a little small. However, we definitely over-ordered and I was stuffed by the time my meal came out- just a note that may help you decide what you need to get.
1. restaurant week menu started with berbere crisps (baked pitas) + three dips which included the beet borani, garlic yogurt & tahini. All of the dips were great but the tahini & the crisps were BEYOND. I could have drank the tahini with a spoon it was so good- definitely the best I've ever had.
2. I selected the shishito as my restaurant week app which I thought were delicious and I ended up eating basically the whole plate by myself! They were flavorful and blistered just right. 
3. my husband ordered the tortilla for himself which I tried a bite of- our friend had warned us it was probably not going to be what we expected and she was right. I don't know exactly what I was picturing but it was more a quiche/frittata but it was very tasty. 
4. shabazi fries- I couldn't resist getting french fries because they're my favorite food and HOLY CRAP... these were probably some of the best fries I've ever had in my life and that's saying something! Everyone at our table couldn't get enough and the harissa aioli was the icing on the proverbial cake. This is a MUST.
5. we also ordered the baked chesse which was incredible.. another MUST try plate, for sure!! The mozarella was nice and warm, pulled apart pretty easily (one of my pet peeves about mozarella is that it gets stringy) and the shredded phyllo on top gave it the best little crunch. Of our apps, the cheese and the fries were the two best ones. 
6. I selected the shakshuka for my main dish and, truth be told, it was not my favorite. I have had other shakshukas I've liked better and I have to wonder if it is the nigella seeds that I didn't care for- there was definitely a bitterness to the dish I wasn't expecting. 
7. Since there were only two dessert options I chose the date truffles while my husband got the chocolate cake. Typically I do not like chocolate cake at ALL so this was an easy choice for me. Well.... tables turned because although the dates were good (I only had a nibble) the chocolate tahini cake was one of the best desserts I've had in recent history!!! It was probably a combo of being full (not wanting something super rich) and my love of their tahini but I thought it was absolutely amazing while no one else at the table loved it- who knew! It was certainly not your typical chocolate cake- the cocoa was definitely dry, bittersweet, and not sugary or rich at all. The buttercream on top gave it its sweetness so the sugar was not overpowering. I highly recommend this dish!

Overall we had a stellar meal and I cannot believe I didn't take pictures of such a great meal. My only last thought is that although I would come back and order what I already tasted, there weren't a ton of other items on the menu that sparked my interest so I have to wonder if I already tasted all the highlights... food for thought. no pun intended.
Terrible service! I know they were busy but waiting 25 minutes for a glass of wine is beyond anyone's threshold. After my wine was brought, no one showed up for  another 25 minutes. I was appalled! More by a dismissive behavior of the waitress and the manager than the actual wait! I've stayed at the Warwick numerous times (it's where the restaurant is located) but never again! I will not dine at the restaurant and I will not stay at the hotel!! I do not appreciate this kind of treatment- as if you are a garbage!! Some of the younger generation has zero work ethics!!! Disappointing
Wonderful menu, beautiful interior and knowledgeable staff, Spice Finch has a curated menu that was just unlike others. We had the date truffles, grape leaves, shabazi fries, baked cheese, peri peri shrimp, whole roasted fish. 
Highly Recommend: peri-peri shrimp
I was worried that the harissa is too spicy for me since I am very sensitive to spice, but it was surprisingly mild with really good flavor. 
Highly Recommend for a group: whole roasted fish
I grew up in a culture where we do eat whole fish all the time so I have a certain standard to my whole fish. It was done to perfection. 
Everything was delicious. Service was exceptional. Ambiance can't be better. You must go to Spice Finch now!!
Mediocre food at best and service was lacking.  I sat at the bar and it took over 10 mins for someone to ask me if I needed anything.  The two bartenders behind the bar were literally standing in front of me but were too busy/distracted because they were talking negatively about other customers in the restaurant.  The atmosphere is "eh".  It feels and looks like a hotel lobby restaurant.
What even is a finch? I think we all think we know but we really have no clue. Kinda like the food here - everything sounds delicious but we have no idea what it will be until it hits the table. And thank goodness it is a terrifically delicious surprise! 

What we ate:
charred carrot hummus 
shabazi fries
roasted cauliflower 
chili chicken kebab
date braised lamb shank
garlic yogurt 
burnt cream 
two excellent cocktails - rest in pete's and the clover club! 

I loved everything, but faves would be the chicken kebab and the lamb shank and the garlic cream and the cocktails and how many more ands can I stuff into this run on sentence. 

Bottom line: Terrific place to come with a small or big group, with adventurous eaters who love sharing a smattering over great cocktails in a chill space.

To try next time:
octopus
samosa
lamb ribs
I had walked past Spice Finch about 20 times before deciding to try happy hour there after work one day. The staff was really great, and was nice to talk to, and the bar was a comfortable relaxed environment with enough space to talk without yelling, and felt upscale as well. 

I had a good drink, and tried the roasted cauliflower and the blistered shishito peppers, and they were delicious. I also had a cocktail while I was there - the rest in Pete's. It was delicious as well as a great nod to the diner that was previously located across the street from this location.
I was pleasantly surprised to see this new player on the Philly brunch scene. 

My main squeeze and I ventured over to Rittenhouse on a crouching Saturday ready to pounce on Christmas. No reservation was required for around 1-2pmish where only a few tables were occupied. The space is pretty large and decor refreshing. 

We were seated immediately and immediately knew what we wanted to order. We both went with the bloody mary and fattoush which is a lettuce-less salad, if you will. They have the option of ordering sauce sides and for a condiment perv like myself, impossible to pass up. I ordered a garlic yogurt side and bae ordered the CLASSIC tahina sauce. 

The bloody mary was served in a TALL glass thankfully. Ain't nobody got time for that drink-special-bullshit that is a discounted rate compensated by providing the drink in a rocks glass. Additionally, this was probably one of the better bloody marys I've consumed in this town. 

The fattoush was also very enjoyable. This mediterranean salad contains cucumbers, green beans, some strange pink wedgy substance that visually but not texturally or flavorly resembles dried pink lemons and maybe 3 cherry tomato halves smothered in a green dressing. There were a few pita bread croutons that are naughty for keto bitches like me but easily avoidable. It wouldn't be a real review if I didn't drop the keto line at least once. 

The tahina sauce was good but I've had better. the garlic yogurt was SPECTACULAR. The yogurt itself was thick and divinely kissed by lemon and garlic flavor. The probably cilantro but possibly another herb on top was possibly too aggressive requiring me to move it out of the way to really appreciate the genuine flavors of the yogurt. 

This was a great meal that didn't result in me feeling like a complete fat piece of shit lard after eating and I bet some of their more carby options are probably great as well.
This review is just for happy hour for now. I stopped in last Thursday night for happy hour and got a seat at a table by the bar right away. Staff was really nice which sometimes is rare during happy hour (eg, you can only sit at bar and too bad for you if you can't find seats that's not my problem). 

I was happy to learn that happy hour starts early: 4pm on weekdays and 3pm on Fridays! They go til 6pm on all weekdays!

The wines and cocktails are not particularly cheap but they have some good beer deals. The food is where it's at. 

We got the shabazi fries, and got the crudites and flatbread and two of the three sauces: tehina and garlic yogurt. 

All the food was superb and I would get any and all of them again. The crudites were really fresh and crispy with a good selection; I could've eaten ten flatbreads; and the fries were perfectly crunchy with a good amount of seasoning. 

I'm excited to try this place for brunch or dinner but for now I would definitely add it to my HH repertoire. 

HH Menus as of Nov 2018 included as photos.
I'd give it five stars for the food, but the service is intermittent. The service is never bad, per se, but one night you'll get a fun and easy-going server and the next a totalitarian dictator, so that's a thing...

Get the dry rubbed chicken if you want a delicious meal. It's not a huge portion, and lots of people split the whole chicken without issue. If you order it to be delivered it's hit or miss (sometimes too salty for some reason....) but it's always great in the restaurant, itself. 

Spicy chicken kebab is excellent, as is the fish, the dips, the tabbouleh broccoli, the flatbreads, the, the... pretty much everything is excellent here. My particular favorites are the above and the berebere chips, fries, and the baby green salad. 

On to the service, where last time I went the server literally wouldn't let me order what I wanted. My friend got four dips and then I was interested in some of my own, but the server literally said "no, four is enough for you both..." 

Narrator: "it wasn't"

Like, I asked three times to order two dips for myself, and each time he said no. What kind of management is that??

Finally my friend got his plate after a decent amount of time (gets mighty busy with the hotel/bar scene on weekends) and he asked when mine was coming so he didn't feel bad about having his food so much before me. The other server shot him down with a "the food comes when it's ready--this is family style!" She said that three times to him back...

Look, I get that it's family style and that the servers will "curate" (his word, for real) your order. But I equal the customer, and if I want to eat my own dish, let me. If I want to order my own food and not share with my friend, deal with it because I'm paying for my dinner. 

The last thing I want is to go somewhere and get slapped down by the "rules..." 

So if you love great Mediterranean/North African/Middle Eastern food and you don't mind (or enjoy) being ordered around, you'll love Spice Finch!
Awesome place! Came here with a few friends. Only dropping it down one star since I wasn't a fan of the lamb dishes (sweeter flavor profile) The rest of the dishes were amazing! The entree sizes are very large so id stick to one of those and a few smaller dishes 

What to get:
Chicken kibbeh
Shabazi friess
Dry rubbed Chicken 
Roasted Cauliflower 

Drinks are great too! Cute, lively atmosphere
I've been wanting to try Spice Finch and finally got a chance.  I'm not sure what I was expecting but this place was different than I anticipated, in a pleasant way. The place was more spacious than I thought it would be and while modern it was warm and relaxed. Staff was all extremely pleasant, friendly and attentive. 

The food, while labeled Mediterranean, was very unique from other Mediterranean menus I've tasted.  The small plates are pretty generous depending on the size of your party. Plenty of vegan and vegetarian options! We tried several small dishes ... carrot hummus, shishito peppers (very generous portion), croquettes, date truffles (FYI-these are sweet), roasted cauliflower, baked cheese, bean tagine, salted baked eggplant. 

My favorites were the baked cheese (this was very flavorful) , bean tagine (like a stew, great flavor, perfect for a cold day)and salted eggplant (this was so unique and delicious!)

Very good experience and yummy food. Definitely worth a try if you enjoy inventive food and trying new things. Valet parking for the restaurant is available at the hotel right next door for 20.00
We came here to celebrate a special birthday and it turned into a 2+ hour meal because of the horrible service. 2 people's fish entrees were served raw and then we waited for 30 minutes for dessert to be served to our table without anyone coming to check on us. Not only that but the waitress was snarky and the receptionist did not even thank us for dining at the restaurant. However, after the fact the manager did take something off of our bill which was very nice but she was incredibly disrespectful. I would not go back or recommend this restaurant at all which is a shame because the food was good.
Came here for dinner on a BUSY thursday night but I have to say, not only did we leave with full bellies but we were pleasantly boozy as well.

It was pretty difficult to make a reservation 2 hours prior to the time we wanted but we were able to make it happen and were seated right away.

We decided to get 2 protein dishes and 1 side- we opted for the Chili Chicken, Peri Peri Shrimp and Fattoush salad and I have to say, out of all three dishes, the Fattoush salad was #1. 

The tomato vinaigrette was the perfect acidity level and the green beans were cook but still had the crunch that was necessary.
The salad also came with the restaurants version of croutons (I can't remember what they're actually called) which were AMAZING; even after sitting in the salad for quite some time, they weren't soggy.

The shrimp was a little disappointing; not only did it have the head, but it also had the tail which basically meant we only had about 3 inches of actual shrimp to eat. The shrimp also came with some type of naan bread to dip into the gravy which was fairly decent. 
The chicken on the other hand was delicious- it came perfectly cooked on a bed of yogurt sauce with a crisp breadcrumb topping.

Next time I dine here (which I will because the experience was that great); I'll probably get the Chili Chicken and Fattoush again but hold on the shrimp.

Now more importantly- the alcohol.
We opted for cocktails from their "We Made This" section; we got their tequila option and a whiskey option.
The drinks were delicious and liquor heavy; the taste of tequila wasn't masked (which was okay with me). 

For our second round, I got the "Redemption #3" and it was definitely NOT a good choice. The flavor of jäger was VERY strong but luckily for me, the waitress was sweet and had the bartender curate a cocktail of all the things I loved ie: spicy flavors and tequila.

All in all, our visit here was awesome! I can't wait to come back and try all the things we didn't try our first time around!
Best meal in a while! Chef Jen Carroll's new restaurant is a hit! Definitely want to come back soon. Very good drinks and all the dishes we tried were excellent. Congrats on your new restaurant Chef!
WOW!!! Incredibly delicious!! We explored many items on the menu and adored everything!! The lamb melted in your mouth as the flavors exploded!  The drinks were interesting and service was timed perfectly. 
The restaurant has a wonderful energy. 

Our server, Heather was outstanding, friendly and fun. The manager stopped by our table for a delightful conversation. Each employee who poured water or cleaned the table was pleasant and smiling .

Overall a perfect meal!! We can't wait to go back!!
My girlfriends and I had a reservation for 6 on a Sunday night and we were seated right away. The restaurant was somewhat crowded but I'm sure that if it wasn't near the holiday it could be a lot more. The restaurant is clean and hip looking. 

If I could separate my review in two parts, I would give the service 3 stars and the food 5 stars. Our waitress started out strong. She gave us a very thorough description of many dishes on the menu. However, she was gone for long stretches at a time and we felt that there were many lulls when we needed to order something or we were expecting something that didn't come. The bathroom is also slightly tricky, as you need to leave the restaurant and venture through the attached hotel lobby. The guys who fill up your water or bring silverware were more attentive than the waitress. 

But anyway, the food!!! So good. Everything was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I could have sat there all night eating the flatbread with the garlic yogurt sauce. We ended up getting two of these sauces and ordered more flatbread throughout the meal. Almost every dish needs an accompaniment of flat bread, although that's not clearly stated in the menu or by the waitress. We also started with the baked cheese and the shishito peppers. Both were super good. We were expecting the baked cheese to be something you could pick up and eat (almost like a spanakopita) but it's actually a skillet of hot cheese, so you definitely need flatbread as a vessel. For my meal I got the chili-chicken kabob which had a great flavor. I put some of the garlic yogurt sauce on it too. I could have just eaten that with a spoon and been content. It's seriously that good. My friends got the peri peri shrimp and the shakshuka, and everyone cleared their plates. I thought the prices were reasonable and we all left satisfied. I would definitely come back here. Every bite of food that I had was absolutely divine.
The food and drinks were really great - but the service left room for improvement. Food comes out as it's prepared but after our third of five dishes, our plates and silverware were taken away without a
word that they would be replaced. They did provide a new set a few minutes later but it was very confusing. Also, it took 10 minutes to find our waiter after finishing our last dish to check out the dessert menu, and then another 10 to get him to come back so we could just ask for the check. Food wise, everything we ordered was outstanding. The Berbere carrots were our absolute favorite with the Peri Peri shrimp in close second. The date truffles were good but sweet - would've preferred them to come last instead of second. For the two of us, 4 small plates & the shrimp was a perfect amount of food. Would come back again for the food - especially to try their brunch menu!
I was really looking forward to coming here for my birthday brunch after reading such great reviews. I was disappointed to say the very least. We waited 30 mins just to get our drink order (by drinks I mean water and coffee) and over an hour to get our food. My dad received his food 25 mins before the rest of our table and had finished his meal by the time we could even get our server's attention. Once we could ask her if our food would be ready soon she responded by saying that some things just take longer to prepare- meanwhile the tables next to us (who had arrived after us) had been served their meals and signed their checks and we, a party of 3, were still waiting to eat. Once our food came I was extremely upset to see a giant hair cooked into my shakshuka. I wasn't going to say anything but my mom insisted that she tell the server and ended up doing so. The server apologized and then the manager came over. He was extremely kind and comped our entire meal and offered to make another dish for us. However, we were not willing to wait another hour and a half to be fed and were ready to go. I gave this 2 stars for the manager being so great, but I will sadly not be coming here again.
This was truly an experience that I would love to share. I often enjoy trying unique flavors and combinations of ingredients that I've never had before, and Spice Finch gave me exactly that.  Everything we tasted here actually made you say "OMG try this" from starting with the baked cheese, the garlic yogurt, so tender peri-peri shrimp, octopus, roasted cauliflower, lamb ribs(OMG) everything was just incredible. So good I called my parents the next day and told them I have a new spot for us to go when they visit me, but I will be sure to be back many times with friends before then. The service was great and made us laugh all night thank you Matt- (best server ever)!!
Very nice service and very delicious food! We were there for a birthday celebrate. Will come back again!
This restaurant is located on the first floor of the hotel I was staying at and my first stop during my first time in Philadelphia. I got in late and went to straight here to grab a bite. The restaurant had a dim light modern vibe and it could be a numerous of eateries. I like asking for recommendations from the servers and it did not disappoint! I ordered the lamb ribs, a side of yogurt sauce and baby greens salad. They were all delicious!
Came here again for a date night and it did not disappoint! I'm always craving Mediterranean food, and Suraya takes a 3 month reservation (which is absolutely ridiculous) so we decided to go here and I'm so glad we did. 

We got the tasting menu and it was sooooo worth it. A couple of the things were eh, like the shishito peppers, but still nice & light. I would've rather gotten something else, but it was a good balance because there was sooo much food. The tortilla wasn't something I would normally order, but it was interesting and different. That broccoli tabbouleh though! Daaaamn, I seriously could eat it for the rest of my life! Had the whole sea bass for our entre and omg it was so good! Tahini brownie legit melted in your mouth. 

I really love this place and selfishly I don't want it to get too popular, because I hate having to plan a reservation so much in advance.  The place is absolutely beautiful, casual, trendy, and just an overall amazing ambience. Servers and food runners were great. 5/5! Will definitely come back. 

**aftercastle is such an epic drink. Loooove
The only "negative" comment I could make is that we could have been acknowledged by the hostess differently, she briefly looked up and I wasn't sure if she was ready for us, but I mentioned our reservation and she was politely sat us with a smile. Overall service was fantastic, waiter and even the gentleman clearing our plates were informative and passionate about the food. I had high expectations on the food based on other reviews and I was blown away. We ordered the baked cheese, garlic yogurt, sourdough (I recommend combining these together),  chili chicken kebab, and the lamb ribs. So much flavor. We came for our anniversary and it was the perfect date night spot. I highly recommend. Parking may be tough, we found a spot on the street a few blocks away but neither of us mind walking. I will be returning to try other items that I was too full to try this round. Thank you Spice Finch for a wonderful evening.
We had a reservation for 2 at 7:30. We arrived on time, but our hostess had us stand in the front for 10 minutes because our table wasn't prepared yet. When we finally walked to our table, the room was empty, so we were confused as to what wasn't ready in time for our reservation?

The service problems didn't stop there. While our server was nice enough, they did forget 2 of our orders (and we only ordered 4 things!) until they were able to re-input the orders an hour after our reservation. In the meantime, another waiter came to clear our table without even completing the last half of our meal.

They offered as a comp 1 of the spreads of the 3-spread menu item (which we had already eaten!) which came out to be worth maybe $4.

The food itself tasted good, although a bit greasy. But the service was really not what I would expect, especially at a rather high-end restaurant. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
As I was here for happy hour, I cannot comment on dinner or brunch activities so this review applies to bar service only. Please keep that in mind.

I tend to have a short work day on Fridays from time to time, so it was a happy thing to see Spice Finch starting happy hour at 3 p.m. on the last work day of the week. Nicer still was learning that the bar bites offered on the happy hour menu are FULL size for a happy hour price. I'd been wanting to try Spice Finch since it opened but was put off by the negative brunch reviews, so their addition of discounted cocktail time seemed made in Heaven for me and another friend, Tru, whose job allows him to slip out early-ish on a Friday.

To enter Spice Finch, there is a sort of makeshift, temporary looking entrance that seems just tentatively stuck on the exterior of the Warwick. Felt like it could blow away in a strong wind. The bar itself looks like a typical bar in an upscale hotel, though it IS separate from the Warwick and does not have its own toilet. Not particularly warm and inviting. 

When Tru and I arrived around 4 p.m, there were very few patrons at the bar and the hostess told us to sit where we pleased. There were 3 young male bartenders on duty. We were greeted immediately by one and given menus and water. No bar napkin. Tru ordered prosecco for $8 and I got the House Punch for $8. Again served up with no bar napkins. The House Punch was composed of something peachy and boozy in a rocks glass. Nothing I'd order at full price. There is also a Cocktail of the Day for $10, though I don't recall what it was.

We also ordered chicken kebabs, blistered shishito peppers and spiced nuts-all at happy hour prices. Food came fast with cloth napkins and cutlery. The kebabs were tasty with a dipping sauce and chiffonaded greens but not what I would consider "full" size. The plate of peppers was a large serving and like most places that serve these, the peppers were not blistered but more sauteed/steamed and limp. These came with a thin dipping sauce under the peppers. The nuts were okay; not especially spicy at all and they should have been served warm but were not.

None of the 3 bartenders checked on us once we'd ordered our first drink, even though it was still not busy. Tru managed to snag one man's attention and asked for another prosecco. Rather than giving Tru a clean glass, he just gave him another short pour in the used glass. What the Hell? Tru made a half joke about the used glass and the stingy pour so the bartender topped up the dirty glass. Still no bar napkins.

By now it was getting busier and folks were drinking and ordering bar bites. The male half of the young couple across from us was vainly trying to get a bartender's attention to secure some bar napkins. He kept politely saying, "Pardon me! Excuse me!" every time one of the 3 barkeeps walked by-but to no avail. I was about to be rude and shout, "Oy! Fatty!" for service as a late Brit boyfriend used to do at the King's Head in Santa Monica but didn't want to get the brunt of Tru's ire. Guess what-the young man was finally acknowledged and they DID have bar napkins!  But why were they under wraps and not routinely placed under glasses? 

I tried to get a second drink but was being ignored like a lot of the other patrons at the now busy bar. I sat with my empty glass, trying to make eye contact with someone serving and listened a bit aghast as one of the 3 bartenders shouted at his 2 mates that they'd better not expect him to wash glasses. Prima donna much?

By the way, if you need to use the bathroom, you are in for a bit of a trek. You must leave Spice Finch, jog across the Warwick's lobby and hunt for the "necessary room" far far away from whence you were drinking. If you have a weak bladder, be warned.

We met the same "you don't exist" treatment trying to get our check. Utterly lackluster and disappointing experience at Spice Finch happy hour and no plans to go back. We can be ignored in much nicer places anywhere in Philly for lower prices and better drinks.
What a great restaurant! My husband and I ate there in August of 2020 amid Covid-19 so we sat outside on a beautiful evening. The food is incredible! We have both traveled all over the world and had a lot of great food. Spice Finch is up there with the best. Yup, I said it. Instead of main courses we split quite a few small plates. The Trio of Spreads was so tasty and varying in flavor. The Date Truffles were tangy and delicious. The Baked Cheese was our favorite- served piping hot in a cast iron pan and crispy on the bottom. The Chocolate Tahini Cake was out of this world. The flavor so intriguing. Please try Spice Finch so creative chefs are able to stay in business.
I have come to spice finch two times and had excellent service + food both times.
My second time around was for my birthday and we had the honor to sit at the round chefs table. There was 10 of us total so we fit the space perfectly. 
Our servers were great about checking on us and giving us proper recommendations for our group. This place is ideal if you like family style to maximize the experience. 
We had the following:
muhumara (very tasty) + lemon yogurt (mild)
Roasted cauliflower
Broccoli tabbouleh
Chili-chicken kebab - very delicious
Merguez kebab - second favorite
Shabazi fries - addiciting
Baked samosa - well spiced
Whole roasted fish (bass)
Shakshuka
Lamb shank - melt-off-the-bone good
Salt baked eggplant
The vibes are classy, veering on the modern contemporary style (think wood, glass, circular lights & mirrors), that feel trendy but cozy.
The staff here are very friendly and approachable, which makes the family style dining all the more better.
We were so excited to try Jen Carroll's new restaurant and did not let us down.  First, I want to comment on our server Nick. He was absolutely wonderful.  He provided us with the perfect recommendations and just the right amount of food.  Everything was delicious.  I highly recommend leaving room for sundae at end and was so good!!
This place is awesome. It is a beautiful restaurant attached to the hotel. It has a huge bar with a stylish ambience. The restaurant is huge with over 30 tables. I came here for cocktails before dinner. The bartenders were awesome and the vibe here was really cool.  I wish they had blue cheese olives, but the dirty vodka martini was still pretty good. While at the bar we got shishito peppers and spiced nuts. The peppers were sautéed in a delicious tahini sauce. The spiced nuts were fresh and delicious. 

We then sat for dinner, and were promptly greeted by a kind server. We ordered the baked cheese, grape leaves and garlic yogurt with sourdough bread. The garlic yogurt was the star but all of the apps were good. The grape leaves had apricots which made it a bit sweet for my liking, but they weren't bad. 

For dinner we ordered the fries, lamb ribs and shrimp dish. The fries were amazing; the dipping sauce was very tasty. The lamb ribs were extremely fatty, but the sauce and relish were delicious. I almost wish the entree came with lamb chops or a lamb shank, but it was good.  The shrimp dish was just OK. The shrimp was overcooked and the sauce was a bit greasy. Overall, despite a few missteps we really enjoyed our experience here. It is a bit pricey but worth it for the atmosphere and food. Perfect for a dinner date or work event.
I'm very mixed about my review for Spice Finch.  The service was FANTASTIC!  Richard was so attentive and patient.  He answered all of our questions, and when we didn't quite like a dish or wine, he quickly replaced it for us.  It was a great dining experience because of Richard and he is the reason that I gave this place 4 stars.

The food is where I am a bit mixed.  It was good, but it wasn't quite as good as I expected.

The good: Baked Cheese: just get it.  Sweet, savory, sour and delicious cheesiness.  Roasted Cauliflower: Also good.  It would have been even better fried!  Baked Samosa: a bit heavier but really savory and the pickles really complement the heavy/buttery dough.  Peri Peri Shrimp: really amazing seafood flavor and the shrimp itself is very fresh and delicious.  They slightly overcooked the shrimp but the flavor was still great.  

The bad: Charred Octopus: I was so looking forward to this dish and it was overpowered by paprika and there was no char on the octopus, in fact, it was a bit soft/rubbery.  Crab Spring Dish: It was the seasonal dish and the soft shell crab was done well, but the taste overall just didn't work for me.

We also got the Burnt Cream for dessert and I am a little mixed.  I love the rose syrup, it was so light and fragrant.  And cream was good, but a bit saltier than I would want and the cream wasn't as creamy as a panna cotta would be.
I really liked the food here. My only complaint was the cost vs the size of the fish I ordered. I ordered the sea bass and what came looked like a small perch. It was $58 for the fish which was listed at *market price* so I knew it would be expensive but I didn't expect the fish to be so small. I was sharing it with a friend and it was barely enough for both of us. Truth be told, it wasn't, but we made it work. 

The tabbouleh was lovely. The fig appetizer was interesting. My friend pointed out that they sort of tasted like fig newtons. Haha, which I suppose they did. The flatbread was the standout of the meal. 

I would go here again because the food was delicious but it will have to be a treat because it's expensive.
We've been eyeing the menu of Spice Finch for a few months now, and finally got the chance to try for last week's date night for dinner. 

Based on our experience, I would say that for a larger group it would be nice to get a bunch of dishes and share everything family style. For a couple or smaller groups I would recommend a la carte or the tasting menu. We opted to go a la carte because one of the main dishes for the tasting menu is their lamb, and we don't eat red meat. They can accommodate the dietary restrictions - but we welt like the price point wasn't worth it if we weren't getting the "main meat" attraction. 

We went all out and ordered the 2 flatbreads + 4 spreads. Their homemade flatbread is excellent - such a great texture. The berbere crisps are a nice contrast to the chewy, soft flatbread. My favorite spreads were the beet borani and the lemon yogurt which I believe was labne, if not - very similar. 

We started off with the baked cheese which I can highly recommend. The rich and savory cheese was well contrasted with the texture of the shredded phyllo - and the acidity of the tomatoes was a welcomed bright note. 

We also ordered teh Clini-Chicken Kebab which was very juicy and tender. Another well balanced dish with the swiss chard. 

Lastly we also ordered the Shakshuka and the mushroom pasta. We were a bit too full to fully enjoy the Shakshuka but it was very good, and you scoop up the goodness with more homemade flatbread. The mushroom pasta was very good, but disappointing because all the noodles were stuck together and when you bit in the middle - it tasted floury almost like when it's just barely undercooked /al dente. I took a picture so you can see what I mean. it was very good otherwise, loved the flavors of the sauce - however we didn't finish the dish because the texture/dryness of the stuck-together pasta was unpleasant to eat. 

Service was great, our server was friendly and personable and explained their tasting menu options very well. 

Between 2 people I would say you probably only need 4 dishes, the 5th is what tipped us over. 5 dishes, 4 beers tax and tip came to about $145. Overall I would say that Spice Finch is worth a visit!
Went for rw lunch. Waiters were phenomenal and made accommodations for gluten free friend. Service was fast and great. 

First off I got the crisps, shared the flat bread and crudités with friends also. We tried all the sauces and they were all great- the flatbread was the best  but the vegetables were also nice and crispy with a slight sweet tinge. Garlic yogurt was a hit. 

The chili chicken flatbread was fantastIc. Perfectly seasoned and very filling without being overwhelming, although the fries kind of disappointed. 

Chocolate tahini cake was pretty dry and not worth, the cream on top was good but the cake itself was bad. 

Overall, service and atmosphere was a highlight and some dishes really stood out while some left a lot to be desired. I'd give it a 4.5 but I'll round up for great service.
I went here for brunch a couple weeks ago. Was underwhelmed by the portion of the dipping sauces. The place was also completely empty. If I had to guess, they won't be open beyond a year. Which is unfortunate since it's a beautiful place, and great location. The food was meh.
Had a friend coming to town for the weekend. I made some reservations on open table for a Saturday at 12 as there was outdoor seating (during these COVID times).

I got there at 12 on the dot but I think this may be opening time since staff was still hustling and bustling about getting things set up and I was asked to wait an additional 10 minutes before being seated. 

The tables outside were tiny so keeping all the plates and drinks on the table (along with any purses or phones) was going to be a challenge...but it was also adorable and bright green.

On the menu, the hibiscus lemonade had 2 prices listed, we assumed one was for a glass and other was for a pitcher...turns out it means the price of a non-alcoholic drink and one with added vodka. I had the non-alcoholic version, tasty but very TART. Refreshing, which was what I needed because by this time, the sun was uncomfortably beating down on us...please make sure you wear your sunblock because all the outdoor tables were fully exposed to the midday sun. Not just eggs were being fried. 

I ordered the pancakes which turned out to be wonderfully fluffy and filling (I should have asked them to hold the granola on top which was just soggy and unappetizing sitting in the whipped cream). My brunch partner got the lamb sausage on the advice of the waiter and that was an excellent decision...juicy and perfect. 

We had the baked cheese (which came with LOTS of tomatoes) starter in addition to our entrees so no room for dessert. 

By the way: the restroom is in the hotel that's attached. To use it, you'll have to go to the front desk in the hotel for a key card.
