I'm on a boat, B***h!  

Though the food is most assuredly banquet hall slop, I found the employees friendly and efficient both herding people up the gangway and making sure they knew there was a big step up or down imminent.  The decor is ahoy-eighties cheesy, with mirrored pillars, linoleum-topped tables dotting the upper decks and the sort of carpet that you see in budget hotels. 

Though we laughed at the food, the booze was flowing and the boat cruised along briskly, giving us that fat-cigar, wind-in-the-hair feeling of elation you can only achieve on the water.  Philadelphia and Camden looked beautiful from the river, much more so than they do up close with their grit, garbage and omnipresent crackheads. 

To Sum Up:  Do not go expecting a culinary experience -- it's institutional, steam-table stuff.  If they offer a drinks cruise or event (like the excellent whiskey festival we attended), by all means, set sail!
The Spirit of Philadelphia earns one star for being able to make a drink strong enough to make me forget their attempts at food. While I'll admit to having a great time on my company cruise, it was in no part due to the SoP offerings. Great friends-coworkers and alcohol on land would have worked just as well at a much lower cost (to the company).
From the outside, it looks like a fantastic idea. However, for the price, it is not fancy enough.

My family was celebrating my sister's birthday as well as Mother's day for my mom and grandmom, but to cut costs we decided to go Friday night for their 3-hour dinner cruise. We ended up spending $340ish for this dinner cruise.

We had our photo taken before getting on the ship where we were greeted half-heartedly by a few of the ship's employees. Then we were shown to our table.

Our waitress introduced herself, but then went MIA for the rest of the night, even though the table next to us received constant service. Her trainee was slightly more attentive to our needs, but we still ended up making a trip to the bar ourselves after waiting a while for drinks.

The buffet food was not that great.The salad looked okay, but offered a very watery vinegarette or cream style dressing. The salmon was okay, until we realized the skin was still on the bottom! Gross. And then when my grandmother ordered roast beef, they gave her a tough end piece that she had issues cutting. Even the rolls were hard and tasteless. We ate very little.

Then we had the cake brought out, and we were unable to sing Happy Birthday due to the DJ deciding to turn on loud music.

We participated in a little bit of the dancing, but ended up staying on the upper decks for the remainder of the evening.

All in all, it wasn't a great trip and we were sorely disappointed.
Ummmmmmmmm, yeahhhhhh this was like a bad wedding.  A bad wedding at a smelly old casino (based on the sticky carpet with swirly patterns and stars on it).

We did a lunch cruise for my husband's "summer picnic" for his office.  The boat looked impressive enough from the land, but when they snapped a cheesy picture of us as we walked in (like we were at Disney or something...) things began to go downhill.  Our party had the basement level of the boat...complete with a dance floor (whatttt?) and mirrored walls, a tiny bar in the back, and a less than impressive buffet line steaming up the already too hot room.

If the food wasn't bad enough to make me lose my appetite, it definitley went away when one of the crew members started singing horrible karoake "Let's Hear it for the Boys"...so off key....so loud....so awful.  Another crew member danced around with her microphone through the crowd singing another horrible 80s tune, and then the DJ/announcer using a Price is Right voice gave us a ten minute whirlwind "tour" of Philadelphia's historical and not so historical landmarks along the river.

I'm glad these were free tickets...the staff was friendly enough, but the overall experience was less than impressive...
why anyone would ever pay to take this lunch cruise is beyond me. my friend's client booked us both weekend lunch booze cruise (read: open bar!) tickets, but even the fact that the food and alcohol were completely free didn't save me from feeling like i had just wasted 1.5 hours of my life.

it's kinda cool to eat mediocre buffet lunch on a boat cruising down the delaware river, i guess? but the boat only took us from penn's landing down to the philadelphia airport and back in those 1.5 hours. so really, i didn't see anything new.

the only thing that saved this from being a one star rating was the friendly staff and the dj who was clearly trying very hard to be funny and entertaining. i feel bad for him, really. 

perhaps the dinner cruise is better. something about dim lighting, dance floor lights, getting drunk on a boat, and a lit up night skyline on both sides of the river MAY be a saving grace. just maybe. but i'll never be back to know for sure.
I've been on Spirit of New York before and this experience was nothing like it. First of all - fire your chef. What a disgrace. A 5 year old can cook better than this. Some dry, warmed up pesto pasta, disgusting fish, undercooked, hard broccoli loaded with pepper for some reason. I mean... how can you call yourself a chef? How can you be proud to serve that? Also, if your cruise is having a special type of event, for a certain crowd, please let this be known on the site. Top floor had some R&B loud band and bottom floor was blasting hip hop. SO LOUD that it was impossible to stay there. It's a Saturday brunch, turn it down. This experience was not worth over $80 per person. Will never come back.
All l can say is  that the New Year's Eve Celebration really have it going-on.  We booked our reservation by phone in October of 2016. 
You can also book on line. They have numerous package deals. Depending on your seating  location and selections it can be a little on the expensive side but l always say you get what you pay for and you only have one life to  live so why not treat yourself you deserve it! I requested window seating for Two. They definitely delivered everything that was promised in our package deal and then some. The party favors were already set up on your table with the champagne Toast which was done  from the DJ. We also did a second champagne toast to bring in the  New year.  They also provide unlimited drinks.
The buffet food was good. They were very organized with the buffet dinner so that everyone could stand in line and not have a long wait.  The server had numerous tables but still managed to stay on top of things.  
The DJ music was pumping.  He definitely kept people on the  dance floor.  The fireworks were Spectacular.  We had to go outside for the  best view.  They had two upper levels you could watch it from. It's always amazing to see fireworks in person.  All l can say is everyone was enjoying themselves. I would definitely return for another New years event.  I can't comment on the regular cruises but they really went out of their way to make this event a success and they definitely succeeded. Happy New Year Spirit of Philadelphia...
Some of our staff came here for dinner this weekend and the experience was bittersweet. 

Our time started off on a good note as we entered the ship. Great weather and the staff was really friendly. After being seated we were directed to get our food and that's when things went downhill. 

I picked up a plate in the food line and it had food on it from a previous meal. A person I was with picked up a plate and felt something strange, it was gum on the bottom... #NotCool 

Once we finally found a clean plate and sat down the ball kept moving downhill. I opened my napkin and it was covered with strange stains, my silverware also was dirty. #NotCool 

After getting new utensils we started eating and the food was below average. Everything was really salty and about as good as a low range buffet. 

The only upside was having a great view of the city and getting a little dancing in. I probably won't be coming back for a second time. I'll just get a duck boat ride at spruce street harbor for a nice view and grab some food at one of the stands. :-)
I have not gone back since my previous review, but I do give Spirit credit for a quick follow up email to my review seeking additional information in attempts for continuous improvement.
Entire experience was a huge disappointment. My mom and I were looking forward to a relaxing tour on the Delaware with good food and entertainment. We paid over 50 dollars a person for a 2 hour excursion. 

What it ended up being was a boat ride and the food was absolutely dreadful. Philly tourists, please skip this attraction. The buffet was gag worthy. We were promised a southern soul brunch and got nasty cafeteria food- chicken, really horrible fish, macaroni noodles, and broccoli. That's not a buffet.

Gospel entertainment was fun but nothing special. Service was pleasant, hence the 2 stars, not one.

I feel bad for the families that do this for special occasions, like birthdays and anniversaries. Go out for a nice meal instead!
Ever see soul plane?   Well this is soul boat....  Terrible food.  Crappy service.    More like spirit of Camden.  

Seriously?   

Wow
My boyfriend's mom bought us a 3-hour dinner cruise via Groupon as a gift for his graduation from graduate school. We redeemed it to celebrate our anniversary. When you tell the reservation line that you are celebrating a special occasion, they will "arrange something special" for you, meaning they will decorate your table with red rose petals and instruct all the crew members to greet you with "Happy Anniversary" as you board the ship. I, for one, am not for all the extra attention, but if you are, the first class treatment should be right up your alley. Also on the reservation line, they can't promise a private table for small parties, but if you come on an odd week night (we came on a Wednesday), you might get lucky. Thirdly, there are private lots by the pier, but the cost of parking ($10-15 flat rate) is not covered by the cruise line.

Watching the sunset on a ferry boat was pretty nice if you don't mind the numerous cranes on the pier that obstruct the potentially beautiful view. Don't expect to be blown away by the food. I mean, the best cooks in the world don't end up working for a cruise line. That much I know. The food wasn't too hard to stomach, although I had hoped for a little bit more flavor and freshness since the emphasis of the event was on "dinner". The staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Our server even sought us out when we were away from our table and lounging on the top deck to ask if we needed anything.

The entertainment portion of the package includes the crew members singing classic tunes of the I-can't-name-the-year and dancing. The age of the clientele (on a Wednesday night) ranged from early 30s to late 50s, and this was reflected by the DJ's choice of songs for the majority of the boat ride. He eventually played more "contemporary" beats (i.e. Black Eyed Peas, Ricky Martin, Will Smith, Montell Jordan, etc) later in the evening. Only then was there a single soul on the dance floor, which begs the question... why didn't he play better music to begin with? Is the result a product of better music or the level of intoxication? I may never find out.

All in all, the experience was pleasant (especially at a discounted rate), despite the idiosyncrasies of the ship that are clearly designed for customers much older than us.
I've been on the SOP 5+ times for different occasions. Over time I have noticed a decline in the quality of the food, entertainment and people that go. It used to be a classy night out. Now it's like going to a floating McDonald's. If your looking for something nice, save your money and spend it at another of the many philly restaurants that have dress codes for evening dining. When we were there last Friday, the girl at the table next to us had a tight sheer shirt on with no bra! Boobs hanging out for everyone to see. Disgraceful that she was even aloud to board the ship. If I wanted to go to a strip club I would have. Go somewhere where the food and drinks are great and the ambiance is top notch. Especially for a special occasion. We will not be going back.
My girlfriend took me on a harbor cruise as a surprise a few months ago. It was lovely and we definitely plan to return. If you can afford it the bump to first class is worth the price. It was nice being a little apart from everyone else and having our own personal waiter. The unlimited alcohol didn't hurt either!

The show was enjoyable and the food was quite good. It was rainy when we went but the weather let up for a enough time for us to go out on deck and enjoy the scenery. 

We both had a great time and I can't wait to return.
When I was looking through Yelp this afternoon I couldn't believe I had not gotten around to yelping about the Spirit of Philadelphia. I have been there a few times on personal and company outings.

The "experience" of being on this ship is really what you are paying for with the high dollar ticket price of on average $100, about  $20 more if you want a window seat. I say on average because prices do fluctuate seasonally and for holidays.

The food is buffet style and is good, but average and lackluster. They do have two carving stations, I believe it was prime rib and ham last time we went, another time it was prime rib and turkey. In my opinion it equates to Old Country Buffet quality food on a moving ship.

The evening is highlighted by a host DJ, dance floor, and a customer focused staff that has usually been quite attentive the times I went. They do try to sell you photos of yourself on the ship and raffles designed toward capturing your email addresses for marketing, but they are not pushy.

Beer & Liquor is served on the ship but is not included in your ticket price, so bring extra cash if you want alcohol.

Overall it's a fun experience, but not worth the high price of admission. I could get a similar experience on land for less than $50 a person, probably more like $30, so at the $100+ per person price point you would expect more bang for your buck.
The food really made me miss my college cafeteria. I've never been in prison, but it kind of makes me long for prison food and McDonald's. Buffet was obviously sub-par. The entertainment was cheesy but I'm glad we were at least supporting local talent. Had fun on the cruise, but... eat before you go.
Most Important Advice: don't book your seats unless you check the weather!!!! 
It was my wife's birthday, booked seats for dinner and the ship did not leave the port because of bad weather! 
Hence it became merely a buffet on ship! They lose their USP in bad weather.
We danced a bit but certainly not worth the money you pay! Moreover there was a light drizzle and the deck which served as our only consolation was taken away by the rain Gods! 

Foods average, chicken and fish tasted good, deserts were average in quality.
Spirit is just like ones you find in other citiesx such as New York. I was here  a few months ago with a big group and enjoyed the lunch cruise. The vibe was great and food was pretty good, well not exceptional but as far as I remember I ate alot. There was chicken,  fish, mashed potatoes,  Caesar salad and more. The drinks were great as well, different types of mixed drinks and they all were on point. Most were $15 each.   The DJ's were playing some hits, definitely alot of the classic more like 1970's music though.  Very nice views of Philadelphia,  such as USS Olympia, Philadelphia Naval Shipyard,  Walt Whitman bridge  and Benjamin Franklin Bridge. It was nice to see the historical sites and just spend a day with family and friends out on the water.  The cruise sails year round from Penn's Landing.
I don't get all the negativity here.  We had a great time on the Spirit last night.  We were celebrating our anniversary and it seemed as though almost everyone else was there celebrating something too.  Our server, Shareese, was awesome and really friendly.  The food was better than we expected from what we read here before going.  Was it gourmet? No, but it was reasonably good.  I might have given 5 stars if the outdoor furniture on the lower decks didn't feel so old and worn.

The biggest complaint that we had was the other customers, really.  There was a large EXTREMELY rude group seated next to us that insisted on rearranging furniture and nearly pulled our tablecloth with all of our food and drinks on it right off the table more than once.  The staff offered to move us but the only table available was not at a window so we chose not to leave our window seats.  

Another charming passenger lit a cigarette and then stood about 3 feet in front of me puffing away with her smoke blowing in my face.  Not cool.  I'm not saying that there shouldn't be a place for smokers to smoke but I would like to see it contained to a particular area.  As it is, it's a free-for-all in all outdoor areas.

My advice: 
*Look for discount tickets.  We did not pay full price.

* Get there and board 30 min early so you have time to check out the boat without all of the crowd.  

* Either splurge on the open bar package or do like we did and pick up the discount drink vouchers on the website in advance (full price drinks are in the $12-$15 range.)

* If you think you'll want your boarding photo, pick that up on their website in advance too for a small discount.  

* Don't expect it to be like boarding a cruise liner for a Caribbean vacation.  It's a yacht on the Delaware River.  Be reasonable.

* Go up to the top deck for nicer seating and awesome views.  

* Please don't forget that just because it's a buffet doesn't mean you don't  have to tip.  The service is incredible and should be rewarded appropriately.
Very disappointing!  At ANY price. 12 of us took my father for his 75th bday. Total price for my wife and I and 2 children after 2 drinks each and tip. $291
Do you remember your college cafeteria food?  This is not quite that good. 
When we got to the plates at the Buffett there was stacks of dirty dishes that guest had removed from the clean dish stack. 2 stacks of dishes and every other plate was dirty. 
Thankfully the weather was beautiful. And it is really nice going up and down the river.
I would not recommend this to anyone
I came here on a first friday. Food (buffet) was very good. I had a drink that was in a small glass mostly ice and was almost $15 thats just robbery. The cruise itself was three hours long I normally wouldn't complain but the music was too old school/pop for my liking. It was also too cold to enjoy the outside part of the ship. I would return just on a warmer day.
I was on the SoP dinner cruise on Saturday with a medium sized party.  Unfortunately I was not impressed and left very disappointed from the experience.  The majority of my disappointment is centered on the food buffet, but here are my list of positives:

+ Friendly waitress
+ Decent Drinks
+ Weather was nice for standing on deck 

The cons however far outweighed the above.  For the price I paid per person, I expected much better food.  What we were 'treated' to was flavorless penne pasta, fatty chicken & beef, burnt cheddar/corn casserole, uninspired mashed potatoes, and filet of sole (which if you know anything about fish, you know this is a very cheap fish to buy).  The best part were the rolls...  The cruise tries to paint itself as a classy experience, but it's hard to take their dress code seriously when they are serving RICE CRISPY TREATS AND PUDDING for dessert.  For the amount I paid I should have just gone to one of the nice steakhouses in the city, in which there are many.  I've seriously eaten better food in school cafeterias and the Old Country Buffet, both of which I'd now prefer.

The DJ was decent however the songs seriously need an update as the place played mainly to the older crowd (e.g. 'Whoomp There It Is' isn't really a big party song anymore...).  There was also a wedding and some other large gathering going on at the same time, which is odd because their parties shared the dance floor with the regular public.  Dance floor is also kind of small. Also, It was also really hot and uncomfortable inside the cabin... I don't think they have AC in there or it just wasn't on.

I would seriously reconsider ever going on this cruise meal experience again.  It was a big let-down in terms of cost per person and I feel like my wallet was taken advantage of.  If you like disappointing yourself, by all means, go and book today, but if you actually care about what you eat and what you're paying, go someplace else because there are a million other activities to do instead.
Went here today with a large croup of people from my company as a lunch outing.

The food at first glance seemed ok 

I got sick I have been throwing up since I got off boat. I will say the apple cobbler was not cooked all the way through it was rushed the pan was burnt on top and had a light crust on top but in the middle was like cake batter dough with sliced apples.

The broccoli was delicious 

But the fact that I'm still throwing up 2 hrs late I won't be doing this again.
Pretty much a floating prison that you pay a lot of money to get in.The
Cruise ship would look better at the bottom of the delaware river or as a large cube at the local scrap yard. 

How it stays in business is beyond me.
I've never actually been on the Spirit on my own, but rather for school dances. For large group functions like this, the Spirit is a cool venue. I do agree that one should go on the Spirit during the warmer months because it gets chilly on the water. But the views are really cool once you get going and boats are always fun places to have dinner.

I think the food is pretty good-- especially the mashed potatoes, but I also didn't have to pay an arm and leg for it (because of the school functions). The bar is pricey, but that is to be expected when the boat has you captive. I like the spacious outdoor decks because they give some great views. The dance floor is frankly quite small, which gets troublesome with large crowds, but the lighting is really cool. The DJ is kind of annoying because he mixes a lot of the songs and they all end up being frat boy rap (blargh!), but that might be because he was DJing for a college crowd.

Overall: bringing a college or high school trip to the Spirit is great because it's a cool venue and the food is pretty good. But I probably wouldn't want to pay full price for the experience.
The Philadelphia Spirit took me, my boo, and his extended family on a lunchtime cruise to take in the glorious sites of the Philadelphia waterline.  Yes, the strikingingly beautiful sites such as Home Depot, old factories, and piers to nowhere.  Literally, the tour guide commented on the existence of 5 Below and how long it takes him to navigate IKEA.  

The food was ok - nothing outstanding.  My favorite was the salad bar, which says a lot.  Apparently the boat full of seniors was really digging in and the food kept running low or out completely.  

The bar is stocked with Bankers and a mimosa will run you $8.  For some reason, the temperature stayed at a balmy 80 in the cabin, forcing you to go to the deck for fresh air every 30 minutes or so.  Perhaps for a nighttime booze cruise, where you can't see dead trees, floating trash, and the desolate areas of Columbus Blvd the Spirit might be a good time.  But otherwise, I seriously don't understand why anyone would board this for a daytime cruise.
NYE review only!

We bought the top New Years package for two people and had a wonderful time, but it was a bit pricey.

We paid about $250 each to be on board 5 hours with dinner, dancing, and unlimited premium bar. 

Pros

- Watching the fireworks at midnight over the bridge was amazing! It was a front row spot for the great show!

- We had to order our drinks through our server all night instead of going to the bar, which we loved because we received prompt service most of the night and no lines! 

- Dancing was a lot of fun with a great mix of top hits today, 80s, 90s, all genres!

- The crowd was a mix of all ages, so that made it nice because everyone did their own thing and had a blast! No pretentiousness.

- We had assigned seats all night, and it felt secure, so we could leave our stuff at the table while we danced and went outside. 

We were only on the water for about two hours as we didn't leave the dock until 930 and returned around 1145 to watch the fireworks, then a ton of people left after midnight, but we stayed until almost 1. 

The food selection was mediocre, but what we had was good. It's not a 5 star dinner, just a small buffet. They managed it well by inviting people a few tables at a time to avoid lines. 

I don't think it's worth the extra price for a window table because the windows got steamy while on the water, and the fireworks occurred on the other side of the ship from our table, so we went outside to watch them. Any seat is great!

It's definitely worth it to do one year for NYE!
First time on this cruise ship and the service was impeccable. Our servers were Ron and Aaliyah. They were helpful, courteous and fun throughout the whole ride. 
The ship was nicely decorated and temperate is perfect, not too cold or too warm. The DJ played soft soothing music perfect for the environment. And guests were considerate of each others. No loud conversations or obnoxious drinks. Our severs kept checking on us and making sure we were doing okay, which exemplifies great customer service. They were also very knowledgable about the food and drinks. If you're on the cruise with Ron as your server you are definitely going to have an amazing time! Hopefully I'll be back to Philly soon for another memorable trip!
Came here for a beef and beer cruise on a Wednesday evening in the fall for my birthday. Loved the idea of a dinner cruise right in Philadelphia and really enjoyed the views from the river! Overall I enjoyed it for a unique night out and felt we got our money's worth as the yards beers were unlimited on this particular cruise.

The dinner was a buffet- cheesesteaks, brisket with mashed potatoes, chicken and a Cesar salad. A little underwhelming but also basically what I expected for a beef and beer cruise. The dessert buffet was much better than the dinner and I'm glad I saved room for seconds of the chocolate mousse and chocolate cake, yum!

If I was rating the service alone I would give 5+ stars, our server was very attentive, brought us our drinks promptly and even managed to find us in various areas of the boat to see if we needed more drinks and serve them to us!

They had a DJ and dance floor set up right in the middle of the dining tables which seemed tacky and did not make me want to get up in dance. Instead, my bf and I preferred to stand on the outdoor deck of the boat to get away from the loud music and obnoxious dancing.

They charge an extra $20/person to get a table adjacent to the window. While the view is one of the nest parts of the cruise, I think that additonal fee is ridicukous and our seats were close enough that we had a very clear view throughout our whole dinner.
Went on a Wednesday night dinner cruise late August which was not crowded at all and ended up getting a window table for just asking.

The food was just average - buffet serve yourself -  dry chicken tenderloins with some white gravy, tilapia with some other white sauce, cavatelli in yet another white sauce... Salad was soggy, dessert was dry chocolate cake and dry mini cheesecake. If your going just for the food, then don't go.

Our server was friendly but spent too much time on the dance floor instead of bringing our dessert and beverages. She definitely had a good time.

The best part of this cruise is the outside deck where you can admire all of Philadelphia's skyline, bridges, shipyards, lights, and of course the Delaware river.  I could just bring a sandwich and sit out there for the 3 1/2 hours.
I am so infuriated and disappointed with my experience. The website portrays it as "high end" with a dress code while the pictures make it out to be a beautiful cruise. This is NOT the case. Let me describe what I experienced after paying $200 for two people. 

First, it is about 100 degrees in there. We almost passed out because it was so hot. 

Second, the food was like cafeteria food at a summer camp and they make you line up like kids. People were cutting and using their hands to grab the food. The food was absolutely disgusting. It's an embarrassment. 

Third, the other people  that were on the boat were dressed in sneakers and basketball shorts with towels on their heads as if they were coming from a sports game. They were rude, loud, acting obnoxious and at one point they grabbed my chair I was sitting on as I stood up for a second and took it  while screaming and yelling because they were so drunk. 

If you are in the Philadelphia area, DO NOT go on this cruise. It is a waste of time, a lot of money, and energy. Biggest regret I have this summer.
Very unprofessional!!! They CANCELLED my son's birthday party 2 days before the cruise without notifying me!! When I tried contacting someone, I was told that there was nothing they could do! I am highly unsatisfied with their policies and lack of communication!
DO NOT BOOK A CRUISE WITH THEM!!!!
I was in the show "Tony and Tina's Wedding" on this boat for 3 years. That should tell you a little about the venue... 

I was only on the lower deck, so I can't say much for the upstairs except for that you can hear everything upstairs, when your downstairs- and probably vice versa. It was very annoying.

The food is disgusting. I mean absolutely terrible. We always referred to it as diarrhea fuel.

The DJ is good and he was always a pretty cool guy. 

The bar can be a little difficult and lines get long.

The view at night is great, the view during the day is not.

We once did a Christmas wedding on the boat and it was the only time that I actually thought it looked and felt beautiful. If not for that one night, I would have given it 1 star.
The Spirit of Philadelphia worked with our high school reunion committee to put together a night cruise for our 10 year class reunion. Everything was well organized and prepared for our party. 

The boat was nicely laid out especially the upper lounging deck. Service attendants were pretty much at every turn. The views from the ship are amazing. You can see the skyline, the Ben Franklin bridge and the Delaware River.

I didn't enjoy the food and would rate it as mediocre. It was a buffet style dinner with fish, chicken parm meat ball, broccoli and a pasta dish, nothing was too memorable. We were able to order one complimentary or wine with our ticket.

Now we were probably the most lively people on the boat since we were all excited to see each other. From what I noticed the boat caters to an older crowd (40+) and so did the DJ. He played mostly old school slow music in the beginning then top 40 pop. We begged him and then he put on some uptempo old school music..then we took over the dance floor. 

I had a great time at the reunion and thank the staff for working with us. I took stars off for the food and DJ but overall it was a positive experience. If the food was better the rating would definitely be 4/5 stars.
We went on a dinner cruise and I felt that for the money we paid (close to $100 per person), it was definitely not worth the money.  The food wasn't that good.  It was the quality of an average diner.   It was essentially like a wedding reception with noisy teeny-bopper music playing (Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, etc.) full-blast and really nowhere to escape it on the ship.  On top of this, drinks cost extra and the waitress nudged us all night long.  No joke, she checked on us about 12 times and even hunted us down when we went to another deck.  

The ship isn't anything special....rather plain Jane.  The views are nice and the staff was friendly, but we definitely won't do it again.

In closing, I would say that if the price was lower, for example $25 per ticket, it would be priced right for the quality of the food and experience.  But for $100, I feel like I got ripped off big time.
Came here for the Valentine's day dinner cruise. 

I found the buffet food to be pretty good, and the drinkers were awesome. Service was amazing too. Also, if you check in you get any free drink you want! Ayyy Patron on rocks.

The crowd was WAY older than I was expecting, and the DJ had to go with that flow. I recognized about 4-5 songs throughout the evenings which sucked cause I love dancing. Although being on a boat is cool, it really isn't when it's a night in February in Philadelphia. There is absolutely nothing on the Delaware river except factories. It's actually an eyesore of a view. Plus, it's the winter so it's foggy and you can't see anything anyways. I would recommend skipping on the window seat, totally unnecessary. 

Most of the people on the cruise were married couples, so I think this might be a fun thing for my parents? I just feel there are 100 cooler things you can do in Philly, and especially for Valentines Day, more romantic things. There was not trendy or cool aspect to this cruise.
Let me start by saying that I would not go here for a regular Sunday brunch. Particularly since there was NO breakfast food to be had. They put out a mediocre spread of meatballs, baked fish and boneless chicken.  They didn't have anything else worth noting. 

We went there for an 80th birthday party with about 30 guests and it was fine. We used the large dance floor and the bar but aside from that, it was just okay.
The spirit of Philadelphia is a boat that you can rent in order to host a nice party for many different occasions. 

I attended a party here a little awhile ago and found it was very good. They had a nice food spread and drinks. Soda and juice were free and alcohol was costly, but very worth it. There is ample seating here and very friendly staff. I also enjoyed the decks where you can take photos and hang out. 

The boat makes some circles before heading back to dock. It wasn't hard to find the boat and we boarded quickly. Highly recommend for a formal or business gathering.
Definitely don't come here for the food, come for the experience. 
The ship was a lot smaller than I anticipated from the outside, but once inside it felt roomy.
We were seated next to the dance floor, but after we ate, spent most of our time outside on the deck. 
Speaking of eating, the food was rough. I picked up a plate and my finger touched a piece of gum stuck under the "clean" plate!  The food was buffet style and left much to be desired. The desserts were especially lacking. Soda does not come included (extra charge). There is a bar where you can open a tab - but I don't drink. 
We went onto the outside deck and enjoyed some views of the Philly skyline and the Jersey factories. :) There were some outdoor couches, nice overhead string lighting, someone playing background guitar, and a shuffleboard. 
It was neat to get different views of the city and to float underneath the bridges - cool perspective. 
I went back inside to break loose and do some silly dance moves on the kinda small and full dance floor. The DJ was playing current/fun songs. 
All in all, we enjoyed our time, but it felt subpar.
Food was cold to lukewarm, flavorless and boring but they certainly kept it coming.  If only I could stand to eat more of it. Then, there was the horrible 45 minute wait to board. The two stars are for the friendly crew and servers and the fact that it's always fun to take a spin on a big yacht with family and friends. But never again.
I was here for formal last night and they messed up checking IDs. Everyone over 21 was supposed to get a wristband to be permitted on the lower floor for drinks. Most people over 21 didn't get their wristband and then had to wait close to an hour to get them. The crew and staff did nothing to make up for their mistake. The food was nothing to brag about and the drinks were way over priced. Nearly $10 for a small vodka soda. 

Better luck with any other company.
did this quite a few years ago. it had really nice atmosphere inside and was pretty crowded. the food was ok and the drinks were exceptional.
Went on this Tuesday, May 7, 2018, but the boat was broke down it couldn't sail. They were nice gave us a voucher to sail at a future date because of the inconvenience.
However, I guess the kitchen was broken too. All the hot food was lukewarm even the coffee. The iced tea was flavorless taste like water with food coloring in it. They didn't put bread out until after most of us had tried to eat something  that was tolerable from that awful buffet. I ended up eating cake and drinking water. 
So call ahead make sure they're sailing snd that the steroid  are lit. Nothing  worse than cold pasta and meatballs even the cheese on the meatballs was still
And cold. For what they charged it could of been better. 
Parking is $17.00.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Philadelphia for the weekend from New York and thought taking a lunch cruise around the city would have been an awesome experience. I've taken a bunch of these type of lunch cruises in New York so I was pretty familiar with how they worked. 

Here's why I give Spirit 3 stars:
-The food was very sub par and not that good. It was a fish, chicken, mashed potatoes, and some other little sides. It was just very basic buffet food. Also the desserts were nothing special at all, a pound cake basically. Also I thought it was a bit odd they had balls of butter laying out in a fancy bowl with the small dessert table. It was very out of place, I almost took it thinking it was ice cream or something.
-It was a very hot day, it would have been nice if they had a shaded seating area, or seating on the lower deck instead of sitting in the blazing heat.
-I felt that the 2 hours went by too quick and wasn't nearly enough, I've gone on 3 hour cruises and that hour definitely makes a difference!
-The on board cocktails and drinks are very overpriced, it would have been nice if one drink was included in the offer.
-There were a lot of families and older people on the boat, as a mid 20 year old couple, it was definitely uncomfortable.
-The photos that were taken of everyone prior to boarding were very low quality for a professional camera. We got the 2 photos for $40 deal since one photo would have been $30, and weren't impressed. They definitely need a photographer with a better camera, or update their quality.

Overall I didn't have a terrible experience, saw some nice views of the city and it was something to do, but for almost $60 I expected a little more.
After reading the negative reviews I was very concerned about the April 27, 2019 dinner cruises my husband and I planned to attend. We had reservations with another couple to celebrate our friend's birthday that evening. At first, the service was pretty slow. It took way too long for our drinks to come; about 15-20 minutes. We were told the bartenders (only 2) were filing a large order for a birthday party. 
I have to say that besides that we had a pretty great night. The food was above average. The music was okay; I guess it's tough for a DJ to cater to so many diverse tastes in music. 
All in all we had a great night. 
The only other snag I thought about was concerning the drink tickets we purchased with our reservation. The two gentlemen waiting on us had no idea who had collected what, so they tried to give us a $50 bill at the end of the night; which we refused to pay, and our waiter subsequently tore up, since their wires were crossed. 
I would definitely sail with them again.
I had my senior prom on this boat many years ago. It wasn't a great experience, mostly because having a prom on a boat is stupid. But I remember it as being pretty nice as far as the cruise itself.....tho I never did see that girl again after that night...  

My 20th anniversary was coming and I wanted to do something special and unique for my wife. I kept it under wraps for months. We opted for a lunch cruise because the kids had stuff to do that evening. Figures, right?

Just a heads up. As far as parking goes, there is a lot like 50 yards from the ship. It costs a few bucks but your right there. You park, walk over to the ticket booth, then get in line. Totally painless!!!

It was raining so they let us on board a little early. The ship was very clean and we got a great window seat. We set sail, we ate, and we watched the coastline pass by. It was great!

The food itself? It wasn't bad. It's not a 5 star restaurant for sure but that's not why you're here. I will say that the food was quite good for buffet food, which is typically cold and dry. It could have been hotter but it was all very good and not dry at all.

The DJ walked around and talked to everyone before we set sail. Nice guy. After lunch he played some dance music which at one point got quite loud, which I hate. But after a couple songs he toned it back down. I was good with that. 

Good music, good food, and the staff was very attentive. We stuck to soda and water but they do have a full bar available and people seemed to be enjoying the drinks they were served.

Also, apparently you can rent out a floor of the boat. The floor above us had an anniversary party. Something to keep in mind.

In all, it was a great experience. My wife loved it so much that she wants to come back for dinner and even bring the kids for a lunch cruise. My only complaint was that we didn't make it to the top deck because of the rain, and obviously they can't control the weather. And I'm glad to say that my wife didn't disappear from my life after the cruise. She's way better than that other girl anyway. Here's to 20 more years....
Had a wonderful time at lady B's all white party.  the drinks were good and the food was ok but the all white party was great had a ball with my cousin
This restaurant is a cruise. The trip starts from Penn's Landing at 6pm, about two and a half hours on the water. You will experience good view, cool party, romantic night, but poor buffet.
1) Upon boarding, my guest and I went straight to the buffet. There were no utensils! And it took quite some time to get any (while our food got cold) which turned out to be spoons. Spoons to eat Mac n cheese, veggies and dip, wings and meatballs! 
2) There was a table we managed to find on the 2nd floor but the ceiling had a leak so it was uncomfortable getting myself, food, table and seats wet. 
3) The spinach dip was horrible! It was runny and tasted very weird as in gone bad and not cheesy. To the trash it went immediately. The Mac n cheese was bland. Only the wings were good!
4) It took my poor guest nearly an hour to get both of us drinks. The line was extremely long and slooow. There should've been more bartenders or faster bartenders to in-turn have customers return to the bars repeatedly which would've made The Spirit of Philadelphia more of a profit. But after being on a line that long who would want to go back for more drinks to endure that kind of waste of time and pain?!
5) I selected "Celebrating Birthday" as my special occasion when I booked my reservation. Being as though my birthday fell within that month, however, nothing come if it?! It wasn't acknowledged. 
6) General Manager- Ryan O'Connor is rude and condescending. He doesn't value customers and our concerns/dissatisfaction. He will debate with you over everything and still do nothing to keep your business. 
7) I NEVER encountered such a bad experience and level of poor quality customer service aboard the Spirit of Baltimore.
Rang in 2016 on the spirit dinner boat cruise. Overall we had a good time however the fact they sold out made it impossible to really enjoy anything for a prolonged amount of time. The ship was PACKED. It was impossible to get on the dance floor without being pushed and shoved and lines were consistently long for the food. The table service was great but the bartender was extremely rude. 

The food was good however it was rushed out so fast didn't really have a chance to enjoy everything. Honestly, for a big celebration like NYE I wouldn't attempt to do spirit again but maybe for another dinner cruise experience....
The overall experience was acceptable.  The DJ/music was good, the ship was nice and clean, and the staff was polite.  However, some glaring issues I really hope they get fixed for other people.  I paid for the first class experience and upgraded drinks.  This meant unlimited drinks all pre-paid for $30.  I noticed everyone around us was paying for drinks as they wanted them.  So the waitress would go to them and see if they wanted anything pretty often and pretty much ignored my table the entire night.  Except for my first drink I had to flag her down everytime we wanted new one.  Then I ordered one 30 minutes before the cruise docked again and never received it.  I definately got the impression, that since I paid already they didn't care about getting me what I wanted.  Next, one of the main points of upgrading to the first class was to get my own private table since this was an anniversary dinner.  The ship was half empty so everyone had their own table even though they advertised it was a "cruise experience" and wanted to have people sit together.  So I paid extra for something everyone else got.  They should have comped this portion since everyone received it.  The last part was the food.  The quality was mediocre, about what I expect for a cruise.  However, the menu at the table listed several items.  Almost none of which were actually available and some whole concepts were missing.  One example was there should have been a carving station and this was non-existent. I got the impression since the cruise was half empty they "half did" the food as well.
The ship was very clean and well presented. My husband and I got the $80 dinner with the $54 upgrade including open bar. Highly recommend going for the upgrade if you are planning on drinking on board. The drinks are pricey ($11-$15 for cocktails). 

We were greeted with a bottle of champagne and a shrimp appetizer. The champagne was good and we ended up getting a second bottle which was included in the open bar upgrade. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. 

Dinner was served buffet style. Choices included salad, pasta, chicken, fish, potatoes, green beans, etc. it was tasty and filling. After dinner our waitress brought us a dessert of a mini cheesecake and some sort of chocolate truffle. They were very good, but extremely rich. I only ended up eating the cheesecake. 

The DJ came up to our table at the beginning to ask if we were celebrating anything and if we wanted him to play anything in particular. He ended up specially downloading a song to play for us. He got the crowd up and moving so the dance floor was occupied the majority of the night. 

Towards the end of the night the staff thanked us for coming, very friendly. Our waitress even hugged us goodbye haha. Overall it was a great experience and we had a lot of fun. We would do this again and recommend it to friends and family.
This dinner cruise was phenomenal, we had a really great time! My boyfriend surprised me with this for Valentine's Day. There was no line to board the ship and the crew was super nice and helpful with seating us and explaining the experience. We were able to start eating before the ship even departed. The food was set up buffet style, which I don't always prefer. But this was really good. There wasn't a huge assortment of food to choose from but just enough- a couple different salads, fish, a couple different types of meat, carved beef, mashed potatoes, broccoli, pasta, corn casserole, and a variety of dessert. I'm a picky eater and was pleasantly surprised by how well I ate. Besides one glass of champagne that came with our tickets, alcohol was not included. They did have a full bar and some specialty cocktails but we mostly drank champagne and wine. It was fun getting pretty buzzed on the cruise! There was a decent sized dance floor, and a lot of people were getting down out there. Another nice touch was the photographer, however the photographs are not included and actually a little pricey but I expected that. Since it was freezing during our cruise, they moved the photographer inside which wasn't as great but what could you do?

Something that I feel compelled to touch on is the dress code. Since I was being surprised, I had to rely on my boyfriend to help me decide what to wear. In other words, I was stuck in limbo and was stressing about this. I decided to wear fancier pants, nice flats, and a blouse. I was dressed fine. There were people dressed way more fancy (think long gowns) and then people dressed more casual (jeans). I would not recommend wearing jeans, but a regular cocktail dress or even a nice shirt/pants combo is perfect.

I have to give major props to our server, Melissa. She was terrific! She was super helpful in explaining what we could expect and attentive to making sure we had what we needed. She was also fun to talk to, we spent some time talking to her about all kinds of things. We also caught her out on the dance floor having a good time! It was nice to see someone like that, rather than some uptight stuffy server. She also ran outside with us in the negative degree weather to snap some pics which I really appreciated!
We have gone a few times expecting it to get better .... But sadly it doesn't. Leaving us saying "why did we come back"?!?!
The boat looks nice from the outside but once you walk in your no longer amazed. 
The bathrooms are gross , "water" of some kind on the bottom level bathroom and its dirty and smelly 
Staff is... Most of them don't seem to thrilled to be there and they are not very attentive to you.... they seem to go mia... from our experience except once. 
The lunch tour feels like a school report listening to all the facts of whats on the river as your eating lunch. Very boring....
Dinner tour is better but for what you pay is not worth it. 
To go out on the deck if its not raining is nice to get "fresh air" however it gets crowded and let's face it the Delaware view is not the best...
The Dj is ok. And the entertainment just seems to just do what they have to ...
It's sad bc this could be so much better however it seems to just keep going down hill but not the price.
This was kinda fun.  I was there for a party where the whole boat was rented out (so I can't comment on the everyday sails).  I thought they did a nice job.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for an office party, sweet 16, baby shower, engagement party type of event.  It's something different and since the boat doesnt really go out that far, you don't need to worry about anyone potentially getting sea sick.
I scored a groupon for 1/2 off. Would I pay full price? Eh, maybe.
Great if you like photography! Really cool. Take the sunset cruise.
The food is alright, nothing to rave about and the waitstaff sings.
Go with a group would be my advice and embrace the bad wedding vibe.
Singing waiters, guided tour of the Philadelphia & Camden waterfronts, buffet line and a dance floor... That about sums up the Spirit of Philadelphia lunch cruise I went on recently.  A bit cheesy but I still had a good time.

SoP gets four stars for four reasons:

1) The staff was great.  From greeting us as we boarded to the waitresses who kept us in drinks to the entire staff joining the guests on the dance floor.  
2) The food was pretty good. I didn't board expecting a Morton's steak.  I knew I'd be getting decent food but mainly a waterview. So I really wasn't disappointed.  There was a good variety of meats (tilapia, pork and rotisserie chicken), salad options, and pretty good side options.  I finished everything on my plate, felt satisfied, and had no complaints.
3) The entertainment.  The tour was chock full of random NJ/PA trivia.  I departed with a few interesting nuggets to share with my visitors.  Two of the waitresses sang hits to get everyone going and when they was finished the DJ played some classics hits from every era.  He even played The Wobble, which the staff joined in for.  Even if I wasn't inclined to cut a rug on the dance floor, I enjoyed watching the older people who just wouldn't sit down! I was thoroughly entertained.  
4) The decks.  Ok, the Philly/Camden waterfront really doesn't offer a spectacular view or anything BUT to be on the water with a breeze in your hair and tunes in the background, you really shoudn't complain.  It's a luxury many of us don't get very often, if ever.  

I took away one star for:
1) The drinks.  I wasn't expecting a mixologist but the drinks really weren't very good.  Plus they made us use premium drink tickets for ginger ale.  Gin & Tonic, I understand.  But soda?  

I probably won't go back but I'd definitely recommend it to anyone interested.  It's definitely something worth doing at least once.
I surprised my boyfriend today with a Valentine's Day champagne brunch cruise and we're both highly disappointed.

The only aspect that was great was the service, everything else was either mediocre or just really bad. 

The worst part was the food. If given the option we would have preferred a packed/bagged lunch. From the start the presentation had us nervous to even try the food.  We understand not to expect much from a buffet but this was a whole new level.  First were the eggs: either from a powder or jug, they were cold, rubbery, and essentially tasteless.  The croissants can be classified as merely a deception; croissant like on the outside but just cheap bread on the inside...Dunkin Donuts' afternoon leftovers would've been an upgrade.

The "breakfast potatoes" were described on the menu as chopped potatoes with american cheddar cheese and parsley.  In reality, the serving dish held a cinderblock like figure of compacted hashbrown chunks.  They appeared like the ones sold at McDonald's,  but at least McDonald's browns are golden brown, crispy, and sold separately.  You had to tear away chunks piece by piece if you were brave enough to try one.

At least the buffet was consistent.  Over on the lunch side there was a mysterious casserole browned on top that tasted only of corn and salt.  When we got to the carving station, all that was left was small stringy scraps of meat, once they ran out I guess that was it.  We did eat the broccoli and sesame chicken laughing to ourselves that it was the best of the worst.

Like said before, the service was great.  Our waitress was extremely attentive and caring... we wondered though if the staff was embarrassed to be serving such a quality of food.

The DJ was a nice touch but the music was not very impressive.  It was really one genre, top 30 chart kind of deal that you may find on the radio.  It was Valentines Day after all so some classics would have been nice.

At the end of the day we were paying for the experience of eating on a boat in the harbor and that we did.  Spirit could offer so much of a better experience if they only added a little more pride and dedication to the preparation and presentation of their food and a little re-vamp of their entertainment.
COMPANY REFUSED TO HONOR THEIR OWN 15% OFF COUPON. 

Coupon is on there website for 15% off new years cruise. They refuse to honor it saying its expired? They just make up costs and fake promotion codes. Very disappointed.
Before you enter the ship, they take a picture of you or a group with the Spirit of Philadelphia Trademark(can not take it with your iPhone or any camera that belongs to you due to it being a Trademark). You are then greeted by ship staff members and then proceed to your table.

The area is most definitely clean and sets a nice vide with natural lighting coming from the river. From my experience; the ship with go around the Benjamin Franklin bridge and then past the Navy Yard and then do one more lap around the bridge and then dock which is about 90minutes to 120minutes(2hours).

---

WHY I BROUGHT IT DOWN -1STAR:
The food was generally amazing but I can't say the same for the drinks.

They have many different options for drinks and all of them tasted water down and me and my friends got different ones.

---

It's also a great place to take pictures as everyone on the ship kept taking them on the deck and inside the ship.

BE WARNED: Might smell like fish on the deck/flies everywhere.

The outside deck is very nice with plants, an anchor for pictures, and many seating areas.

Highly recommend this place if you're looking to take nice pictures or want to go for the experience. 

When you leave the ship, the pictures that you took in the beginning are sold at $10 each... they usually print two copies if it's a group but has instructions on how to get more copies in the back of the picture.
We held a beautiful wedding on Spirit of Philadelphia Cruises.  Our aim was one stop shopping.  And we found it.  The only thing we had to do for wedding preparations on our end, was, buying gowns/suits and finding our own photographer.  This ship included everything, down to the DJ, who was REMARKABLE!  Amanda and Kelly, of the Philadelphia staff were unbelievably great.  They were always first to reach out to us, made sure we were happy, always followed up with us quickly via phone call or email.  Extremely smooth from start to finish.  My confidence with this crew is such that, if I had another event, I'd go even BIGGER!
This is a horrible venue to hold any event. While attending a university organization function, we had a group that was mixed 21+. In my case, I'm 21 years old. After entering the boat and stumbling on the last step of a staircase, I was surrounded by the bouncing staff accusing me of being near alcohol poisoning. I drink often and on this occasion I was much closer to sober, I'd bet that I would blow a 0.06 in a breathalyzer. Afterwards I was prohibited from ordering drinks and also barred from the upstairs section (where the majority of my friends were). Never host an event on the Spirit of Philadelphia
Don't waste your money people! 

$150 for two people and the food was an absolute embarrassment. 

This was beyond worse than jailhouse food. Cafeteria food would have been better. No flavor. No taste. No seasoning. Cold. Tough. Chewy. 

The options for food were terrible. 

Build a blood Mary according to the displayed pricing but get overcharged for no reason when the bill actually comes. 

The deck has old and nasty moldy couches. Rotting and weathered iron tables outside. 

There is nothing special about this cruise. No wow factor anywhere.

I WANT A REFUND. PERIOD.
Out for a birthday night cruise when we had to turn around for someone to get off. Which shortened our trip to just bridge to bridge. Boat looks and smells like it needs a deep cleaning. Server was very friendly and helpful. Food was eh.
My husband treated us to a dinner cruise for our 20th anniversary on board this amazing ship. It was a surprise that he managed to keep secret until the night of the event. I was totally delighted with the whole experience!  

We've cruised in Hawaii twice, so waiting in line to board the ship was no big deal. I used the few minutes it took to take in my surroundings as fully as possible. The good humor of the whole crowd only added to happy anticipation I was feeling, and of course my hubby seemed very pleased with his great idea f this dinner cruise! 

The food was very good, although not exotic. Why would anyone expect it to be any different? This is a small local cruise, after all, and was done very nicely, from the staff, to the expediency of serving a boatload of hungry passengers,  and the excellent music and dancing.  

Let me tell you a secret:  I had just gotten finished with chemo a few weeks.
before, having battled ovarian cancer. No one could predict for sure if I would survive at all, or of so, for how long.  My hubby wanted to give me an evening I would always remember with joy, and happy tears. And, that is just what he did by bringing me on The Spirit of Philadelphia.

This happened seven years ago, and I am still here, thank God! And, we both have our great memories of that amazing dinner cruise. 

Thanks, Spirit of Philadelphia!!
Went on the Spirit of Philadelphia last night with a group of friends. Did not know what to expect at the beginning but it ended up being a fun night, different from your day-to-day activities. 

They greet you at the entrance of the boarding area and take a picture of you and your party, which will be available for purchase at the end of the cruise. As you move up to board the Captain and Crew welcome you into the ship. 

The food was pretty good -buffet-  with a salad bar, a few salads, pasta, mashed potatoes and other veggies, Chicken, Salmon, Tilapia, and a Carving Station with beef and pork, (I especially enjoyed their Breaded Lemon Chicken). Their desserts were delicious, they give you two kinds and bring them to your table. Our server was really great, I think her name was Holly...she was very friendly and attentive.

After dinner, we went up to the deck and sat in their swanky outdoor furniture for a little while and took a small breather. It was nice seeing all the city lights from that standpoint. 

After dinner there is a DJ and dancing. For a little while I thought I wouldn't be into it, but they create an atmosphere that allows people to "let go" and have fun. My friends and I danced for quite a while. They had a good selection of dance music. 

There were all types of different people on the cruise, so it seems like it appeals to a wide range of ages/tastes. There werea bunch of young couples, a seniors group, my friends and I -professional females 25-45-yo- and even a wedding dinner party.
We went on the lunch cruise on 4/20/19. The food was very good.2 of the young ladies that was with me asked for a cup of hot water and when the cups of hot water came 1 cup had a lipstick ring around the cup the other cup had particles of food on the inside of the cup. I was told by our waitress that sweet tea was included with the meal. I asked for sweet tea and they brought unsweetened tea. I said to the waitress I have unsweetened tea and she said that they don't have sweet tea so I asked for sugar and never received it. I just went to the bar and ordered a Long Island ice tea. About 15 minutes later I had to use the ladies room. I went down to the bathroom and there was 4 stalls 1 stall had an out of order sign on it. I opened the stall and it was full of crap not working. I opened the next stall and it was full of crap not working. I opened the last stall and it was working so I used it. 1 of the young ladies that was with me asked 1 of the crew members if there was any more bathrooms on the ship and the crew member said that they use the same bathroom that we use. She said that they have been having a problem with the bathrooms for a while now, but than the crew member decided to my friend down stairs to use a bathroom. I feel as though that whoever is in charge of the ships should had NOT let that ship be in order. We pay money to have a decent experience on the Spirit of Philadelphia ships and the ship was pretty full. I was not satisfied at all very disappointed
I recently purchased 2 Groupon deals for the Spirit Of Philadelphia cruise.  I called up 2 weeks before the expiration date hoping to get a reservation. When I first spoke to the clerk mentioning that I wanted to make a reservation she was more than happy to accommodate me. When I mentioned that I had a Groupon all of the sudden there were no reservations available. The only reservations that they had were for a Friday which the Groupon was not valid on Friday and Saturday. When I asked if I could make the reservation now for a August date they said no even though when I called Groupon for a refund they told me that I could do that. I will not ever patronize this business and would not recommend them to anyone. They only want full paying customers and only have a limited amount of seats for Groupon customers. This is a scam. Why even offer the deal if u have to make a reservation a month ahead of  time.  Very dissatisfied
CR
The venue was great, however it was way overpriced! The lunch was sparse ($39 for adults and $24 for kids ... and no kid friendly food), no dessert, no entertainment, unless you call a DJ entertainment (yet a $92 entertainment fee), and it was a short 2 hours, plus drinks were extra.  Not only that, but our waiter forgot about us and we were waiting for maybe 20 min before we got our initial drinks.  I will not go on this cruise again, simply because of the expense of it all for what you are getting.  I don't mind spending the money, but I want it to be well worth the cost.
Boat is great for a party however the food, SUCKS. I had a party with about 30 people and not one person liked the food. I took one bite of my plate and went home hungry because I could not eat anymore. AND service sucks, it took about an hour to get a drink once we were seated. So if you do go, eat and have cocktails before you go.
Yesterday afternoon, I had the opportunity to attend a lunch cruise on the Spirit of Philadelphia with my place of worship's youth group.  

Let me tell you, it was a first time for me, and as such I will never forget it. I remember the first time I got my wisdom teeth pulled, the first time I almost choked to death and the first time I realized that those jeans I wore indeed made me look fat. None of those terrible firsts compare to this one.

To be fair, the kids had a great time, but in all honesty food on a boat with music is a wonderland to them. As an adult, I was none too impressed.

I feel like the Spirit of Philadelphia could be a really nice place, if they took the time to make a few minor changes. For example, the tiny bar at the back is not adequate to support large groups. It would make more sense to have the individual servers bring the beverages to the tables, rather than make 20 ppl wait in line for drinks.

We were a LARGE group, taking up the entire ship, so perhaps they were overwhelmed. 

My other complaint was the meal. To look at the buffet you'd expect your taste buds to be treated to something special. Well honestly it was a full on assault, because nearly everything I ate tasted like it hadn't been seasoned. 

To be fair, the kids seemed to love it and went back for seconds and thirds. As an adult, I was none too impressed. (See what I did there?)

The most puzzling moment came with the entertainment. The DJ played a strange mix of music. The majority of the people on the ship were young adolescents and teens. They played music from Jay-Z's Magna Carter Holy Grail album, Drake, and other recent hip hop songs with the language BARELY censored.

The most hilarious moment came when all thirty of the kids started singing along to "Drake's song, "Started from the bottom". A song riddled with the N-word, then went on to casually dance to Michael Jackson as if the transition made sense.

The overpriced $25.00 photo at the end was the final slap in the face.

I asked my children if they had fun and they told me they couldn't wait to go back.

What an odd and rather amusing experience.
We went today for my friend's birthday. The crew were very nice. Every person we encountered wished him a "Happy Birthday"! Our server was constantly checking in on us and was super polite. The food was delicious!!! The deck was roomy and the view was beautiful. We had a great time and I really do recommend it. The DJ played great dancing songs and shout out everyone who was celebrating a special occasion. We would definitely go back for another cruise.
I gave 3 stars for the first friday dinner cruise.  I did not enjoy the evening. The boat was full of teenagers. No age restriction on first friday cruise.
If you are going for a night on the water and want an okay dinner then consider it. 

If you're paying for a quality dinner, go for one of Philly's many great restaurants (Barclay Prime, Morimoto, Buddakan, any Steven Starr or Garces restaurant)

Food was dry, Pork and Fish were inedible.  Beef was good.  Ran out of plates on the buffet which is completely unacceptable.  Buffet wasn't replenished the way you'd expect for $80+pp. 

Boat ride was nice and the evening passed by quickly.  Service was adequate although not up to 5 star levels.
We ordered a Groupon 2 days ago for a Friday night dinner cruise that had to be booked by June 30th. Its June 5th and the Spirit of Philadelphia has already booked all available "Groupon reservations". They must have WAY oversold the deal and now I'm stuck with a gift certificate to an overpriced novelty buffet restaurant I would never have chosen otherwise.  And to top it off this was meant to be a silly/fun way to celebrate beating cancer with my fiancé.  Thanks, jerks. I'm so annoyed and feel like an idiot for being scammed by this stupid boat.
Just left the Spirit of Philadelphia and the experience was horrible. My husband and I were celebrating my birthday and had to share a table with another couple. When serving ourselves at the buffet we all found that several of the plates were filthy with food stains. When my husband went to the restroom he saw a guy snorting something from the back of the commode, all for the incredible price of $140.00. 
Needless to say we'll never board that boat again.
If I could go lower I would yeah whoopy whoo so yeah it was nice of course it was its a ship that's not all that goes with that ,I was told with a lot more money that I gave them that we would get a private space next too the window well there private space is a table right next too you that cost over a hundred and fifty so DONT PAY IT .Now let's get to the food  that was so  horrible they give you a buffet which wouldn't be so bad even for the money that your paying well let's first get to the salad they can't even give you a real one they give you a spring salad I call that eating grass next is the veggies nope only one so you better like broccoli ,next is what I called dog meat they only give you one meat not a carved peice but little pieces of what they were calling  spicy meat yack, next was dessert that I was to scared to grab it was musshed all up with apples and a nasty looking dough. The best part was the little pretzel they give you at the end of you trip. Now after all that it was so hot that I didn't think there air conditioning was working either so I went out on deck and it was a nice day but the river was stinking bad now we know that's the chance you take we all know what that river can smell like but we couldn't win cause the AC wasn't working either it was a nice day but it was still 88 degrees.. The only thing I can truly say about what was really OK was the service it wasn't so bad but they only had to get drinks right and that's why I only give one star Dont pay the money it really went down hill I went 10 years ago and it was nice but it has a lot of problems .. sorry so long but I really want to get it out there DONT PAY
I came here for my birthday and Craig the bartender made everything worth it! He customized a drink for my friends and me which was so fun. Tiffany was our waitress and was so attentive and nice. Thanks for a great start to my birthday weekend!
Nice dining environment! Wonderful and helpful staff. The food wasn't so great though.
Not amazing but not a bad time.

My lovely girlfriend purchased tickets for Spirit of Philadelphia for a day cruise on my birthday. Unfortunately there was a massive crowd for one party, which kind of dominated the first two floors of the boat. 

The food was pretty good. Not amazing, but for a free buffet I was impressed. The server we had was new, so us and the people around us had a little issue getting our drinks. Once we went up to get a round at the bar we let them know and he was better the rest of the time.

All in all, it's a decent outing. i'd recommend it for a larger party rather than a small couple or group.
Just okay. We had a nice time but doubt we'd spend the $$ to come back. 

I asked my BF to have brunch on Spirit for my birthday. He purchased the tickets a few weeks earlier. When we arrived there was a paid parking lot for $15. We parked then stood in line for a photo and boarded the ship. 

My biggest issue was that there were several WILD children running back and forth across the dance floor before the ship took off, during the safety demonstration etc. They bummed my shoulder and several tables. No member of the crew felt the need to asked the parents to watch their children. They were screaming and yelling and you could not even hear the crew member give emergency instructions. Unacceptable !

Obviously it is not the crew's job to discipline someone's child/children but someone could consider putting children in a certain section away from others. Or have the manager mention something to the parents if they are disturbing other guests. Their wild behavior truly tainted my experience. 

Overall it was a bit pricey when all the extra fees are added on (port etc) and the cost of the single photo at the end for $30 is ridiculous but otherwise the food, service and views were nice. 

Not a bad brunch but I doubt we'll be back.
paid $60 for an evening on the boat, they closed down the bar after 30 minutes and the proceeded to dock the boat. no indication of why or any refund. I have never been so upset with a formal organization.  this boat is a waste of money and time.
My partner and I attended the 4th of July Firework Dinner Cruise and had an excellent time. Although the wait time to board and get our initial drinks was slightly more than we pleased, once the boat got going it was quick and excellent service with a very kind waitress! The food was delicious and the drinks were great as well. The souvenir glasses and photos were a nice touch, and to top it off, as we were getting off the boat they handed out delicious soft pretzel sticks. We have been on other dinner cruises and were never this happy. The energy was fun, active and there was a lot to keep you busy.
My boyfriend and I had a delightful Sunday evening on the dinner cruise.  I did not get sucked into paying for any of the "extras" but I did pay extra to guarantee a window seat.  This was a memorable way to spend an evening and a good time.  I have seen many complaints about the food but I actually thought that what they served was tasty and adequate for the most part.  Two of the main entrees on the buffet are chicken on top of polenta and short rib on top of mashed potatoes.  The short rib was a teeny tiny portion of meat and it was served in a teeny tiny to go box (Chinese restaurant style) I could not understand why they chose to do "beef in a box" and then I figured it out. If they just had it on the buffet a lot of people would opt to take ten pieces of the beef and leave the potatoes.  However I guess they think people would feel too ashamed to take ten of those little to go containers back to their seats.  Unfortunately, the amount of meat that they served was so small that it really would take ten of those containers to get an adequate serving of beef.  It didn't bother me per se since I'm not a hearty eater - - but there were a lot of "big" boys and girls on that boat who I would venture to say were disappointed with their quarter sized pieces of beef in their to go boxes.   It annoyed me in a sense that it seemed a bit "cheap" on their part.  If people want to eat all the beef and leave the potatoes then they should have that option. Ha!  The staff was extremely friendly and we had a doll of a waitress who ran after me several blocks to give me my expensive handbag that I left on the boat.  I was so appreciative of that because that would have obviously ruined my evening if I had lost my handbag.  I thought that the DJ did a great job although I am not big on those "group" dances and there seemed to be a lot of them.  It was good people watching and was a bit like being at a low budget wedding without having to pay for the gifts. One thing to note is that their website says there is a lot that you can park at and pay a nominal fee.  I know what the word nominal means and I don't think that $15 for three hours qualifies for use of that word - - -but so be it.  All of these people who complained that this was prison food, that it was a horrible time?  I don't really get it.  You would pay $50 a person if not more to go to a Steven Starr or a Jose Garces restaurant and yeah the food would be better - - but you wouldn't be on a boat, on the water, with a DJ.  Do you know how much it costs to operate a boat and pay a crew?  A lot!  I think that this is a good value particularly if you go into it with your expectations managed.
Great food. Fun night out with live band, random singing waiters, buffet style food, but really tasty. Dancing at night.
I brought my girlfriend on a cruise for her birthday. Food was decent, and although the entertainment was a little hokey at first, the competitions were somewhat amusing. If you're not into the whole "yay-ra-ra-let's-get-it-hyped" and overly-eager wait staff, you'll be rewarded by sharing a drink with a friend out on the upper observation deck with some great views of Philly.
We went for a pre Independence Day celebration. What we liked - the price was a lot lower than going on Saturday, the 4th. Appreciated the lower price plus 15% off, plus fireworks would be going on too. The boat is pretty nice, with 3 floors of seating and a dance floor on the lower level. There are 2 outdoor decks up top with tables and chairs, and outdoor couches and chairs. The DJ was good, and seemed to arrange the music he played based on the general age of the crowd. The service was very good - friendly, courteous, and attentive. It's obvious they've been trained well. The sights were kind of boring...kept going up and down the same stretch of the river. They docked for fireworks, which was good for pictures.

What we didn't like -mainly the food. It was just plain bad. A buffet of basic food that was way too salty and heavy on the garlic. Chicken Parmesan meatballs? I don't even know how to explain what that is. It had the consistency (and looked like) of cat food, and I didn't taste any chicken. Just salt and garlic. The braised short ribs were tender, but also way too salty. Ziti with creamed spinach sauce was surprisingly ok, but I could feel it clogging my arteries with every bite. Had one bite of the tilapia and that was enough. The best part of the buffet was the dinner rolls, and when they cleared the food away. The dessert - bland brownies and store- bought chocolate chip cookies and pound cake. Pretty much the cheapest kind of desserts you can provide. One exception, though, was the tiramisu, it was awesome! Perfectly balance flavors and texture. Wow! 

We bought the drink package which was $27 for 4 drink coupons. if you just drink wine or beer, it's probably not worth purchasing the drink coupons. Beer is $5 and wine is $7 or $8. However, the mixed drinks are $12 and worth getting the coupons. I had 2 St Germaine cocktails. Very good!

All in all, the experience is unique enough that we go every 5 years or so. It's pricey for what it is, but if you don't own a boat, this is the next best thing. I really don't understand why they don't provide better food. Everyone seems to complain about that the most, and seems to be consistent among all the spirit ships. If the food was better, they might fill up the boat, and people would think it's worth the money. That's why it was just ok for us.
just returned from my trip on the spirit of philadelphia and i must say, it sorta broke my spirit.

now, i'll excuse the fact that i wasn't aware my ticket didn't include open bar.  i'll even excuse the unorganized half-buffet, half-waited dinner.  the food was mediocre at best, but what can you expect? i've been on these kinds of dinner/party cruises before.

what i cannot excuse was the strange policing of the dance floor (this was a private party), the horrible dj, the incredibly overpriced booze, and the brusque and sarcastic waitress.  no thanks.  there was no fun to be had except to chug the overpriced booze and wait to hit the harbor again.  luckily it was a nice night out so escape was possible in stints on the balcony.

i would never choose to go on one of these myself.  better off have fun on your own, buy booze elsewhere, not be on a boat.  all the boat does is go up and down the same short stretch of river anyway.  do yourself a favor - save yourself the money and go get a far better boozey brunch on land.
I wish I could give 0 stars. My group had reserved the boat for an event and within half an hour we had the cash bar closed which we were guaranteed the whole trip. Without a concrete and definitive explanation they ruined the rest of our trip. We have told all our employers and alma matters to not have an event on this boat no matter the circumstances. NEVER BOOK ON THIS BOAT EVER! YOU WILL REGRET IT!
Attended a midnight cruise 6/17/17 the boat had mechanical issues earlier in the morning, the company knew they couldn't fix it they should've gotten another boat but instead of a beautiful night in the water we were stranded at the dock. Feel sorry for the host because it was out of her control. Spirit of Philadelphia shame on you....And take that mac & cheese off the menu it was disgusting . I don't plan on ever going on this cruise line again.
Had a great time on the "Eat Drink B Mary" Sunday Brunch Cruise! I discovered the cruise on Groupon, then purchased tickets through a company called "Goldstar". At the time of purchase there was a note that upgrades were available, but I never saw any choice to do so or what the available upgrades were.

Either way, upgrades weren't necessary. We picked up our tickets from will-call and were seated on the main floor just a few tables away from the buffet. Our waiter came over to us quickly and took our drink orders (we both had the build-your-own bloody marys). We were able to visit the buffet very early, I believe due to where our table was.

The food was excellent, although I highly preferred the lunch foods to the breakfast options. We were able to get up for second helpings, so we had plenty to eat.

My main complaint would be in regards to the  music- which was a bit too loud and "party like" for a Sunday brunch. I can't say I was quite expecting the Cha-Cha slide or Cupid Shuffle at noon while I'm eating bacon and eggs. It did end up being very fun, but I just wasn't expecting it... So if you're looking for a quiet, relaxing brunch on the Spirit, this particular cruise is NOT that. I was also disappointed in the Bloody Mary "theme"- I misread the posting and thought the bloody Mary's were included, and I was slightly disappointed with the options to "build". 

Overall a great time and would highly recommend the spirit for a party or just a fun brunch!
Horrified. Staff was completely unprofessional, food wasn't anything great. People were smoking weed on the second level and it stunk even though it was outside. Ship is spacious and has incredible potential but my experience was gross. It was dirty, dusty and I felt uneasy the whole time. I thought a dinner cruise sounded amazing and I went the perfect time of the year. The captain was polite and greeted us as well as said goodbye for our departure. Besides that my experience was horrible. I will never ever ever ever ever go back until I hear the ships interior has been updated and the staff has some class.
Well, me and my boyfriend went on here to celebrate our anniversary and we had a great time.  Some things were better than others though.  Thank god I had a 200$ gift card because after that, we still needed to add about 140$.  It was this much because we got a VIP package.  It was so worth it though.  The food is seriously just okay.  The desserts, mediocre.  The dance floor is tiny.  The dj, however, is great.  The service is amazing.  The ambience in all is wonderful.  I don't like that you have to open a tab just for soda, but thank god, an open bar package was included with our VIP package or else we would have been drinking water.  
I definitely would go back.  It was a great time.  The pictures they take of you and your group are beautiful and not that expensive if you buy them.  Definitely take a sail.
Went here for the Drink Philly Fall Brunch party. The weather awesome and the food was way better than expected. The food options were better than most brunches I've been too. The open bar was def worth it, it had a large selected of drafts and cider. I only wish the cocktail selections weren't so limited. The staff was very friendly and efficient in cleaning up. Also wish the cruise itself was longer than 3 hours. Despite that I would def recommend this experience.
My boyfriend surprised me and took me on the Spirit of Philadelphia for Valentine's Day. The package he got was completely awesome. Premium open bar, window seating, champs, and buffet. The drinks were so good. The food was good. Not the best food ever, but it was good. We did the lunch option since we had plans in the evening, it was an older crowd but still fun. The DJ did a good job playing different genres and eras of music. Jack, our server was so attentive and great.
The boat never left, the DJ never played, the air conditioning never came on. So as it was 100 degrees inside it started to rain so can't enjoy the deck. They say they will email out vouchers for another dinner cruise and pretty much gave up from there. The staff was amazingly friendly. The food was ok. However, I would never come back. They ruined a birthday.
We had so much fun on a Wednesday night cruise. The food was good, views were beautiful, staff was amazing, and service was prompt. The drinks were definitely worth the money! Our server, Keith, went above and beyond to accommodate our table. He is probably the best server we've ever had! The bartender, Joe, was also great! There was a good variety of food, even some healthy options. I'd definitely recommend this cruise and I believe we will be returning.
Went to this cruise for two big school events. Exactly the same each time. They greet everyone as they board. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The food was delicious. They did a pretty good job hosting a big group. Perfect for a romantic night. Majority of the seating were by the windows. Three separate floors with each different music. Definitely plan the outfit or the time of the cruise if you want to enjoy the scenery outside the boat. 

The security guard was just doing his job, but I wish he was more understanding of girls how painful it is to be in heels, haha. He sternly asked us to wear the heels back on. The drinks were extremely watered down and with ice filled to the top of the plastic cups. Hopefully this is the case because we're a big school group. Better off getting the bottled beer. The women's bathroom is extremely uncomfortable to use (the stalls are tiny and visible through the cracks) and gets slippery quickly from the faucets.
We had a great experience on the Spirit of Philadelphia. We just visited with our in laws and our 4 year old daughter. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. They let us board a little early and go to the buffet. They got our daughter chicken fingers and fries and a dessert. We lucked out and had a beautiful day. We went up on the top deck and it was so nice. From start to finish we had a wonderful time!
The embience; the food; the ship itself; all very nice! The only problem was THE MUSIC! I would've rather listened to the radio! OMG! Prince and Michael Jackson music?! Talk about outdated! The DJ had no clue his music was whack! The empty dance floor gave him no idea! Never again!
