Definitely one of the best burger joints in Philadelphia, especially if price plays into your taste appreciation. What used to be a food truck operation has now taken root on West Girard Avenue (2800 Block). Although, small in stature, their burgers, cheesesteaks and roast pork sandwiches are worthy of being called, "Philly Prime." At less that $10 per, they offer a strong value compared to some of the expensive burger houses. 

My Ponderosa Burger with grilled onions & mushrooms, Swiss, and fries inside the potato bun, topped with a drizzle of their secret steak sauce, was both a sight and delight.  Although slightly beyond my requested Medium finish, it remained juicy with a great taste profile from the added ingredients. The first bite told the tale.  It exploded in my mouth with so much forceful flavor, that some of it squirted out from my loosely closed lips. Glad I had grabbed enough napkins at the counter to deal with it. 

My lovely companion sampled the Manayunk Roast Pork Sammy (pork loin topped with American, coleslaw, pickle and BBQ sauce).  She could barely finish half!  Too, their fries were copious, crisp and freshly cut. 

Service, friendly and engaging. Order and pickup at the counter. 

Excellence all around.
My husband has been raving about the cheesesteaks from SPOT for ages, so we decided to give them a try for delivery one weekend recently when we were craving Philly comfort food. We each ordered cheesesteaks and also got an order of regular fries and an order of cheese fries. I normally wouldn't order cheese fries for delivery but went for it anyway and it turned out to be a great decision. The fries weren't fresh out of the fryer crisp, of course, but they still held up pretty well and SPOT's cheese sauce was bomb! 

The cheesesteaks were solid but I prefer more of a chopped steak while SPOT's is somewhere in-between. My cheesesteak was also a little light on the cheese and fried onions. Nonetheless, I'd be down for trying more from SPOT's menu. Maybe one of their famous burgers next time!

Last but not least, SPOT is one of many local restaurants that are giving back to the community by helping families with children and people who have lost jobs. Give them a shot when you're craving some comfort food!
Update: My po' boy was not $9 as I thought, it was $6.50. 

It was still not great, and after 4 messages from Spot Burger, having my receipt creepily messaged to me - versus just sending a copy of the menu - and being asked to bump up the stars on my review -TWICE- simply bc I made a $2.50 error.......I am still sticking to my original 3 stars and seriously questioning ALL these other perfect 5 star reviews.
**UPDATE** 
Re: the OWNER'S remarks below, way to value customer feedback! Like I said, the food has gone downhill the last couple orders. I didn't Yelp when it was ok, b/c it wasn't *that* noteworthy. But sure, personally attack me and say it's b/c I'm "lonely"; that really makes sense and is a mature response. More like the last few times when I've chosen OTHER & left $1, the bell wasn't rung as if the deafening silence is there to "shame you". That's a pretty BS excuse about the POS company being to blame as you can have it customized, dear. Self-absorption? You're really laughable! Nah, try the fact that the last time I ordered, consumers were unable to pay with a card. Dark soul?? B/c I have a complaint?? Good god, grow up and learn how to take feedback; positive AND negative. 

Started out great when they first opened, but the last few times were sub par with the cheesesteak & fries. What I find insulting, however, is the default tip amounts when paying by card. If memory serves correct, the defaults are 20%; 25%; 30% or Other. Are you kidding me?!? Did someone come to my table, take my order, deliver it, refill my drink, bring me my check, and process my payment?? Or did I place an order myself, hand the cashier my card (easily resolved if you enabled paying online), and walk back up to the counter when called?? I find this insulting as a former server in the biz that counter folks find themselves entitled to tips, let alone more than a buck or 2 for perhaps going above and beyond somehow. I highly doubt they're making the $2.13/hr I did to constitute the need for tips. Lord knows I don't tip my cashier at Wendy's, the checkout line at the grocery store, or my gas attendant! Get over yourselves, kiddos!
Talk about a great first impression.

While I never made it to the food truck, I knew I had to stop by when SpOt opened a location 1) conveniently on my way home from work and 2) a fairly short walk away. Our group of four headed in last night and had a great time.

Since it was my inaugural visit, I went traditional and chose the SpOt sirloin burger (cheddar, bacon, pickles, cole slaw, spot sauce). I was so excited that I didn't have to add "no tomatoes" to my order. I hate tomatoes like you wouldn't believe. My friend and I also split cheese fries.

We sat down at a high-top, waited a bit and, before we knew it, our orders were delivered by name, one by one. My burger was prepared to a perfect medium with juice dripping throughout the meal. Cheese fries were super cheesy in the best of ways and cut to an ideal size. My friends all enjoyed their burgers as well, although none of us were able to finish our plates.

All staff members were super friendly and suggested coming back with booze the next time. They're BYO and Rybrew is right across the street.

Will return soon! Such a great addition to Brewerytown!
This place was awesome.  Never tried it until
My buddy recommended it.  The "Big Mick" (Big Mac knock off) was incredibly awesome.  Fries were good.  Cheesteak was  delicious.  The spot roll was just kind of meh.  But it was delivered versus eating in Restaurant so that may have affected the profile.
Delicious!  I requested an (over-easy) egg atop my 'Rodeo' burger and they were more than happy to oblige.  This burger made me do a happy dance in my seat, it was THAT good.  The portions are just right, perhaps even anything slightly bigger than what I was expecting. 

I also had to steal a bite of my cousins 'Billy' burger and that was just as delicious!  I cannot wait to go back and try other items!

SO.MUCH.FLAVOR.  MUST.GO.BACK.

Also, I suggest ordering a side of their cheese fries. You will not regret it.
The best Philly cheesesteaks around! The meat is high quality and seasoned perfectly. It can be a little expensive 11+ for a cheesesteak depending on what toppings you may or may not add. Burgers and fries are also great options as well! It's a small spot and can get a little warm inside, but I've only ever ordered food to go.
I'm just a boy, standing in front of a city, asking it where their best burger is...

Which has taken me to Spot Burger. I'd heard of it when it was a truck and even heard that it was now a brick and mortar, but while Brewerytown itself is kind of chill, thanks to the Zoo and Drexel, there's no easy way to get in and out. 

But since a friend also wanted to go and was willing to drive, who am I to say no?

We rolled in around 2:30 to no crowd whatsoever. I was determined to try a burger , even though their non-burger fare looked amazing and was highly recommended. I figured , to start, I would try the eponymously named Spot Burger. It was ordered and made for me hot and juicy within about 5min.

The first thing I noticed was the impossibly puffy brioche bun. It was both soft, yet durable as it held up the burger sauces and toppings. The Spot Burger has cheese, bacon, pickles , slaw and Spot sauce. It all came together to make for one delicious burger. 

The burger and soda came to about $11. Normally I'd rail at this but the burger is worth it. Spot, while not the best in the city (still Sketch), definitely cracked my top 5. 

Furthermore, I'm definitely willing to brave the zoo traffic to come back to try some of the other things I saw on the menu that were cheesesteak, pork and Sloppy Joe related.

Speaking of the menu, that was edible as well! I mean, they specifically told me it wasn't but I rarely listen to haters that tell me something is impossible.
Josh Kim is continuing his Spot legend! Sadly the university city misses your amazing crew. 
-George Washington burger with cherry marmalade: juicy yummy beef, sweet marmalade, blue cheese and soft brioche bun. What's a better way to end the night with an amazing burger like this one!! 
This place is so cozy and comfortable. I'm happy to see spot is doing great !
Spot Burger is definitely one of those hyped spots in Philly. Note that I said hyped and not overhyped. There's a difference. 

I finally paid the brick and mortar shop a visit after a trip to Crime & Punishment. Please take note of their hours; they aren't open as late as similar establishments in Center City so don't expect to roll up for a midnight burger. 

My group split into two; two folks to do the ordering and two folks to head to Rybrew for a beer run. Since Spot is BYOB, why not enjoy a burger and a beer? 

In terms of flavor, my Billy was on point. Tons of goat cheese mixed with sautéed spinach, roasted peppers and truffle-balsamic. I wish it could've lasted forever. The toasted bun actually fit the sandwich and held its contents well. The burger itself came out a little pink for a medium. I had envisioned the actual patty being a little heartier (think more like a Standard Tap/Good Dog type patty). With that being said, the flavoring and entire package would bring me back in a heartbeat. 

I also had to try a corndog. I opted for the "hot" beef, but unfortunately didn't find it too hot. In any case, the deep-fried breading was really tasty and the hotdog itself was plump and flavorful. I'm usually the girl who'd run straight for the hot sauce, but the corndog hit the spot plain. 

The storefront is small and I can see them quickly outgrowing this space. I hope they expand to a restaurant with a larger dining room. Or a restaurant with several locations throughout the city. For now, they are giving me another good reason to head to Brewerytown.
I was devastated when I found out that the Spot burger food truck moved before I got to try it, but thankfully the brick and mortar location isn't too far from the original Spot (pun intended). 
I set off to Brewerytown with high hopes, and returned with a full, satisfied stomach. 

3 of us in a group of 4 ordered the namesake SpOt burger, while the fourth was adventurous and tried the Philly cheesesteak, apparently rated the Best Cheesesteak by Philly mag. The burger was really good, and you could tell they used quality meat from the rich flavors in the meat. What I was really surprised by was how the cheesesteak shone at this place dedicated to making burgers - it was super flavorful, juicy, and arguably one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. 

We also ordered the cheese fries and magic mussels. The cheese fries were crispy, well seasoned and blanketed with cheese sauce. The mussels was their daily special, and came with half a lemon bathing in the sauce, and it was AMAZING. I don't know what they put it in, but it was truly magical - it came with two generous slabs of crusty, toasted, buttery bread to dip in the sauce that had an amazing lemon aroma. The mussels were super tender and soft. I didn't think I'd come into a burger spot to rave about a mussel dish, but I think it was the highlight of the meal - we even dipped our burgers into the sauce (sounds weird, but it's worth it.) 

Josh Kim, the owner, was behind the counter manning the grill, and he took the time to say hi to the customers. The staff was also super friendly, and really makes this little spot a great, welcoming place to enjoy a burger (and magic mussels).
I can't believe it took we so long to try but SPOT is amazing! I ordered on caviar and it was super quick. Definitely a go to delivery place for me now as they are doing so much for the community in this crazy time.

I went with the build your own burger: bacon, lettuce, roasted red pepper, cheddar cheese, and spot sauce. Delicious! I can't wait to order from here again and visit when we're able.
Just like how I remembered the burgers when they had a truck at Drexel!! Literally the best burgers ever. I was so excited to find out that The Spot now has a store, granted its small, only 4 tables, 2 high tops, and some counter seating. 

We got the cheese fries which is hand cut fries with wiz. I got the Charlie Brown, which has a sweeter tangy flavor due to their special sauce, sort of like a mayo sauce. I enjoyed the burger very much and would definitely go again to try the other ones. 

They also have soda in a glass bottle for those that are a fan of that. Overall, food is amazing, store is normal but that doesn't matter when you're getting one of the best burgers in Philly.
Hands down the best burger I've had since I left Los Angeles!!!

A good friend recommended the burger spot since I'm new to the area. I went immediately because he's a real foodie. 

I to small storefront setup you literally see them make your burger and yes it's sirloin and fresh. When I say it taste different it's a challenge to describe but it'd definitely delicious and moist. I like the fries too and the beverage selection is 
premium. 

The men that take your order and prepare your meal are kind and respectful. Every time I walk in I'm greeted with a pleasant smile and genuine hi or I'll be right with you. 

I've sat as the bar, at the two seat tables and even in the back. It's a a perfect seat for you whatever mood you're in even if you want it to go.

They are quick and friend and you will have the best burger of your LIFE...

Bon Apetite
A well-known University City food truck has gone brick and mortar in Brewerytown.  Hurrah!  That means you have even more opportunity to consume one of the tasty hamburgers from Spot Burger.  These are indeed excellent hamburgers ... and you have a nice wide choice of toppings.  I went with the eponymous SpOtburger and enjoyed its juicy meat along with hickory bacon, cheddar cheese and red coleslaw.  A side order of a SpOtroll completed the meal.  What is a SpOtroll?   Let me tell you ... it's a large egg roll stuffed with ground sirloin, cabbage, cheddar cheese, and bacon.  You're gonna like it .... don't know if your heart will ... but you will!  Spot Burger is a great addition to the roster of places to go in the revitalized neighborhood called Brewerytown.
Finally the brick and mortar version of Spot has arrived!  Inventive burgers, the freshest ingredients and a lively, family friendly atmosphere. Get there during the off peak times if you want to be ensured a seat. This place fills up fast!  Looking forward to eating my way through the burgers, then the other hot specialty sandwiches.  

Still sniffing the fat and juices on my fingers long after the burger is gone. Sad to have to wash my hands.
I was very excited to check out Spot burger after all the raving reviews and the fact that I had a  raving news of my own to celebrate (new job!). I walked in and it was about 11:30 so there was no one there yet. I glanced over the menu and wasn't really in love with any of the combinations but remembered I saw a Po'boy that wasn't on the menu. Luckily the guy behind the counter said they did offer it today and so I completed my order with a side of cheez fries.

My order came out quickly and I was able to sit in a cozy table right in front of their store front window to do some people watching. Sadly it was raining and most of the shops here seeme closed down, so there wasn't much action. I wouldn't recommend coming in with a large group, as there are only a handful of tables available.

My po' boy was a bit on the small side from other po'boys I've had at other places, especially for the $9 price tag. The bread was excellent and very fresh and the shrimp and cabbage slaw was yummy. I just wish there was much more of it, even if it was just more cabbage slaw, because I felt like I was eating mostly bread. As for the cheese fries, it is to be noted that they are hand cut, which did make them tasty and remininiscent of the jersey shore. As for everything else, it is just whiz on them, no other special seasoning. You do get a large heaping amount, so if you can share with someone, please do so. 

Parking in the area is street parking and seemed to be plenty of it. I would like to come back and try something else, as this was just middle of the road for me.
Holy Sh!t, Batman!!   First visit at Spot Burger and my sandwich was amazeballs!!  I ordered the shrimp po boy which was the special for the day... The shrimp were cooked perfectly, with a pickled taste possibly from the cabbage; the chipotle mayo gave it alil kick... Wow, I didn't know what to expect but i'm a believer...  Baby Jesus, I'm a believer that they have amazing food... lol  The only thing I disliked about the sandwich was the roll.. I need to sit in a bakery and eat several rolls to decide which one complements the sandwich best...
 Also, the girl who wrote my ticket didn't go over the specials.  She treated us like we've been there several times.  The other gentleman took an order and stated the special along with some popular picks..   Alittle advice, treat every customer like its there first time...

Great job overall!!!
Best burgers in the 'hood, and bangin' handcut French fries!  Oh my goodness.... I live in dangerously (for my BMI) close proximity to Spot Burger and honestly think I could eat there several times per week and never get tired of it.  The veggie burger is super filling, flavorful, and there are a bunch of options for toppings combos.  I've had three different burgers and haven't found one I don't love.  My husband and I usually each get a burger and share an order of fries, and are super stuffed afterwards.  If you haven't been yet, you NEED to go try it out!
Lived Up To The Hype!
Went to Spot last night with GF. I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, but Spot deserves it. 
Atmosphere was clean and inviting. People were very friendly and helpful. 
GF ordered a Spot Burger and I ordered the Ribeye Cheesesteak. We also got fries and a Spot Roll too. 
While neither of us cared for the Spot Roll, the rest was outstanding. The Spot Burger was juicy and delicious. The fries were very tasty- maybe because of the lard they're cooked in.
Now for my assessment of the cheesesteak. As a lifelong connoisseur of cheesesteaks, I don't say this lightly: maybe the best cheesesteak I ever had. Un-friggin-believable! I've only had a few cheesesteaks come close. This cheesesteak stands out in a category all its own. The meat was tender and succulent. The roll seemed toasted.  Just unbelievable flavor. 
Whatever these people are doing, they're doing it right. They know how to work the magic. 
I WILL be back. 
I love Bahn Mi, so I can't wait to try it here.
finally caught up with Spot burgers at their new brick & mortar in brewerytown...

the SpOt burger is uniquely delicious! with an amazing combination of flavor & texture (slaw & pickles anyone?). love the soft potato roll.

aside from the burger, this might be the best cheesesteak in Philly?! cheese fries are also a must. will definitely be back to eat my way through the menu!
Came in about an hour ago and got the cheesesteak and the spot burger and fries.  I only intended on eating one tonight, but the cheesesteak was so good I had to try the burger.  I finished both and they were amazing, and this is coming from someone who eats burgers and cheesesteaks all the time.  Will definitely be returning soon!
Found myself out in west philly today for a work event. By the end of the event it was noon and I was starving. 

I stopped into spot burger since I saw they have such great reviews. I talked to an extremely friendly counter person asked what was popular, he pointed out the spot burger, their best in philly cheesesteak, and a sandwich the sounded so incredibly delicious but so messy. 

I opted for the spot burger, medium with a side of fries. He informed me it would only take five minutes, perfect, so I waited in my car. Now, I did ask for the burger without the coleslaw because when I think of coleslaw i think wet, old and gross. He told me the coleslaw was the reason everyone liked this particular burger so much..I'm convinced, so I opted for it.

Got back to my office and was pleased with they way everything was packaged up, the burger was wrapped tight and nice so it didn't fall apart, the fries were in a boat wrapped in wax paper. The paper bag they gave me wasn't soaked in grease after the 20 min ride back, I knew that was a good sign.

The potato roll was fresh and soft, the burger was cooked perfectly, the bacon was thick and salty, the coleslaw and pickles added the perfect fresh crunch! The fries was definitely hand cut and fried a little soft, which is how I like them anyway. Saving half the burger and fries for tonight's dinner!

The place itself is small with a few tables but there is plenty of seating with the counter area. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love the way they call out your name when your order is ready..When she said my name I looked around like someone I knew had spotted me. 

Next time I find myself out that way I will definitely be back!
A welcome addition to Girard Ave. They are actually doing a pretty great thing and the burger is great. It's not among the best in Philly, but it is a good development in that neighborhood (if you think that kind of development is good). I recommend the spot if you're around, but it's not a destination place yet.

I got an $8 Spot Burger with house made cheese fries. The burger was a little overcooked (I ordered rare), but not an abomination. Friendly staff made the visit more pleasant. It was busy and they worked well and I felt no pressure to leave. Very accomodating.
So I received a message from user named Tim M..... Tim works for Spots, Tim proceeded to call me a troll because I didn't give a crap about the burger I reviewed 30 LONG DAYS AGO. 

First off I'm blown, why do you have time to do this
Tim?
Secondly I tried another burger like you or whoever suggested, it was better but I'm so darn busy with work and school I don't live on Yelp. 
Third, how do you manage in the service industry with your crap ass attitude?

I don't have to like anything you make, no one does. So stop harassing people who don't like a particular item of yours. Wtf are we three? Grow up. 

Anyway I've screenshot everything and the petty patti in me will be contacting Yelp. Also I'll be telling EVERYONE I know about this weird ass experience. 

A troll? Bye, boy. 



-------------------------------------------------
Push that price point then because those fries aren't the best.  Also it's great that that particular burger gets rave reviews... I however hated it. 

I'm also biased too as the best burger I've ever had was in another country and NYC. I just need something comparable in Philly. Not tryna travel two hours for a decent burger. 



Regards!!
The best burgers you can have delivered to you! I highly recommend them! Each one was cooked to perfection! Fries were good too!
Spot has been on my burger list to try for sometime. Spot burger consistently shows up on numerous best of Philly burger lists. When they opened up shop in Brewery town, I quickly bookmarked Spot and waited for a burger craving to hit me to give it a try.

Spot is on West Girard Ave and I was able to find parking easily and close by on a Sunday night. The space is clean and bright with tables in the front, and back. There is also counter seating. There was some nice use of wood on the walls which gave Spot a cool urban vibe design.

The people that work at Spot were very friendly and helpful. They explained the specials and helped us with suggestions. I was surprised that Spot has other items such as Fish & Chips and Muscles in addition to burgers, sloppy Joe's, pulled pork and cheese steaks. Mental notes for my next visit.

I went with the Spot burger; which had hickory smoked bacon, cheddar, pickles, coleslaw and Spot sauce. This was a great burger. The bun was excellent, fresh and toasted just right.  The burger was moist and juicy. The bacon was great and the slaw and sauce really made this one darn tasty burger. My daughter had the Santa Fe with Avocado, pepper jack cheese, jalapeño, red onion, sun dried tomatoes and a slightly spicy sauce. This was also a really good tasting burger! Spot really shines with their use unique toppings and sauces. 

We ordered the plain fries too and these were crispy and not greasy. They were very good fries but Sketch still has my favorite fries. We had a couple of Fanta sodas too, which was pretty cool. All of our food came out surprisingly fast.

Spot is very high up on my burger list and very close to Sketch. Spot lived up to the hype and is really cool little place in an up and coming section of the city. I will be back and probably soon. 4 plus Yelps.
4.5 stars, i'll round up. 

I used to see their truck when i worked at Drexel, but the lines were always so long and the one time i did get to the "front" of the line, it was closed lol 

Now that the Spot has a brick and mortar, it was blowing up my yelp feed. I made my way here on a Saturday night as the third wheel. The place is pretty small, but they make i work. We managed to get a table before the place was packed...which took about another 5 minutes. 

We reviewed the menu and they have a lot of unique options. We went with 2 spot burgers, an umami, a chicken cheese steak, 2 cheese fries and 3 drinks (they serve glass bottle sodas from Mexico, so its real sugar compared to american stuff). 

We paid and waited to hear our name to be called. The food didn't take too long as everything is made fresh. The spot burger was really good. I ordered it well-done and it wasn't dry at all. The sauce, slaw, pickles, and bread were an amazing combination of flavors and really made for a great burger. The bread was sturdy and held together throughout the entire meal. My friend ordered his medium rare, but it came out to be fairly rare. I typically eat beef rare in general, but started ordering well-done for ground beef. The umami burger was ordered well-done as well and it was grilled correctly. My friend said the chicken cheese steak was good and they used sliced chicken instead of the steak/shaved type. The umami burger was a slight let down. Compared to the spot burger, it didn't pack a punch of flavors and the daikon was minimal which me and my friend wanted more of. 

The cheese fries were really good too. Fresh cut, fresh fry, cheesy! Service was really good as everyone was super friendly and smiling. Price point is really good as well. Ventilation could be a bit better. We sat in the back and the smell of food permeated our clothes, hair. etc.--not a deal breaker since it is a burger joint. 

Definitely one of the best philly burgers.
The line was out the door, but it moves fast.  We had a party of 5, and we found seats.  It's a small place, and aged (which is cool), but it was very clean.

I had a medium Roquefort Sirloin Burger and Fries.  I took one bite of the burger and realized I didn't want to eat anywhere else for the rest of my life.  The balance and quality, preparation, and flavors formed an absolutely perfect symphony.  When I finished the burger, I used my fries to soak up every last molecule of juice.  I was teased for it, but I didn't care, for even those last remaining drops were better than every hamburger from everywhere else in the universe, in all of burger history.

If I had to nitpick on one item, it's that the fries were good, and not the best fries I ever ate in my entire life.  Honestly, who cares?  Besides, after I dipped them in the remaining sauce, they BECAME the best fries on the planet.
Great food, but better owner. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Josh has been feeding children under 13 and hospitality folks who lost their jobs for free. 

We created our own burgers as we couldn't decide between the creative burgers on the menu. The burgers were very juicy and flavorful. Split an order of fries but probably should have gotten our own order. The fries were still crispy when we returned home and set the table to eat. 

The ordering and pick up process were both easy and safe. We will order again soon!
I was craving a burger and saw that SPOT had great reviews, so my friend and I decided to stop in here. The area is great, and there's a brewery right across the street (in case you want to grab one for this BYOB restaurant). To say the least, the burger was underwhelming. It was lacking in both flavor and texture. While I do appreciate the in-house butchering, I can't say much else in favor of this burger. 

Another Yelper mentioned the bell, which my friend pointed out to me. We left a 20% tip (During payment it suggests an optional 18, 20, or 25% tip), and the cashier promptly rand the bell to signify that they'd receive a tip. It doesn't seem like this serves much of a purpose, so doing it is a strange tactic. After reading the owner's hostile and unprofessional response to the Yelper below, I can safely say that I won't be returning.
I don't eat a lot of burgers but this place is exactly what I want when I do...simple, well made burger at a no frills neighborhood joint with reasonable prices. We got the sirloin and chicken Spot burger and enjoyed both. The burger was well seasoned, toppings added nice flavor and texture (bacon, coleslaw, cheddar, pickles and spot sauce) without being overwhelming, and the potato bun was perfect (soft but just sturdy enough). Side of fries was also great. They also had the beyond burger for vegans. Prices were very fair. Would just note that seating is limited and there's a 3% charge for credit card transactions.
Fantastic burgers. I love the wide variety of offerings and the ability to have them cooked and customized to my liking.
Great burger and fries . Ordered delivery and still had great flavor which sometimes you lose with delivery. Cheese fries were delicious as well.
You never forget your first Spotburger.

It was at the first Swarthmore Co-Opp Truckathon about three years ago. The small yet colorful Spot truck was parked right in from of the Co-Opp. I was amazed at the speed of the two dynamos in taking orders and sending out delicious looking burgers. 

My Spot Burger was incredible. 

It's hard to believe it took a special birthday weekend three years later to head down to the brick and mortar store to sample my second Spot burger.

This time, I was accompanied by my better half who had never tried Spot.

We ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and fried onions, a Spot burger (house made slaw and special sauce), and fries to share. 

The cheesesteak was amazing. The best my girlfriend ever had. The meat was lean, tasty, delicious. Immediately it jumped to number 2 on my list, second only to Steve's Prince of Steaks.

The Spotburger was good but didn't hit me like the first one I had.

The fries were very tasty. Not sure if they were hand cuts but tasted like they were.

The fact that this restaurant does not have wifi for its customers took a half star away. It's pathetic that in the year 2016 this isn't as important to the owner as clean bathrooms and great employees in ensuring a quality customer experience. 

Found parking out front on the street. Better bring quarters as it's metered 6 days a week.
Great burgers. I always mean to try the cheesesteak, but can't break away from the Charlie Brown, which I've been ordering since Spot was a cart on Drexel's campus.

It can get crowded in there, but that's what happens when you're serving what is in the running for best burger in the city.

Don't sleep on their specials either - the corn dogs were great!
So happy they opened in Brewerytown!

The burgers are the best ever! The Charlie Brown is the absolute bomb - Good quality meat, cheese wiz, perfectly cooked bacon. The cheese fries are also a must, but if you're not a wiz lover the regular fries are a solid choice (hand cut!) I've also had the cheesesteak and the roast pork (the Manayunk) hoagies and they both were fantastic, but I keep going back for the burgers.
Great new spot in the Fairmount/Brewerytown hood! Right across from another B-Town favorite, Rybrew, the brick and mortar version of SpOt offers a menu that is more than just burgers. Their new space has an inviting and upbeat environment. The owner was behind the grill when we dined in and was more than pleased to strike up a conversation with patrons. 

I went with their Rodeo Burger and was very impressed! They also offer chicken and veggie burgers FYI. My roommate went with their "Best of Philly" cheesesteak and cheese fries (I was drooling from across the table to say the least). If you're not into burgers or steaks, they also offer roast pork sandwiches - definitely trying one next time I stop in. Definitely pop in if you want a quick and delicious bite to eat! Plenty of counter seating and tables that overlook Girard Avenue.
Yummy. Tasty. Perfect occasional treat and worth the cheat meal! Great team, quick preparation and friendly service. Definitely a staple in the neighborhood - a Brewerytown "must do".
Hands down the best cheesesteak in Philly!  Better than Johns roast pork, Tony Luke's, jims, delasandros, mamas, Steves, Joes, etc.  I'd put against any of them.  Now the burger, the"spot" burger is my favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  The Jawn is good, but I never get it over a burger or steak. That's just me.  Never had anything I didn't like from Spot, and that includes the truck.  It seems Josh even increased the quality at the store, just when you thought it couldn't get better.  Overall the only negative I can think of is the place is small inside.  Hopefully biz booms and he can expand!  Go here immediately!
Move over Shake Shack. Move over Punk. Move over Bobby Flay. Yes I am going there. I enjoy burgers from time to time but I now crave SPOT Burgers on the regular. Perhaps it's my 8 month old baby growing strong in my belly you may say. I say you'll see me here post October grubbing on a Big Mic (The freshest Big Mac knock off) Cheese Fries and a Classic Coca Cola.
This is a cozy restaurant in an up and coming neighborhood. I have lived a few blocks away and have been very excited about the opening of spOt. 

I was not let down! I had the spOt burger and was very impressed. I have never had the food truck version so I didn't know what to expect. It was a weird flavor, but really damn good. That's what I look for in a place's signature sauce. The fries were crunchy and just the right amount of salty.

They have a wonder staff and are pretty quick. Take a trip and you won't be sad :)
A splendid neighborhood burger spot in the lively Brewerytown neighborhood that offers an array of delightful burgers among other sandwiches. I very much enjoyed my Butcher Burger and Cheese Fries. They cook your meat just how you tell them to and don't skimp oh fresh ingredients and sauces. The staff are very down to earth so I decided to sit in and eat. It's a very cozy spot that feels like home. I enjoyed the smooth old school hip hop they were playing on the speakers. Will be back to try more options.
Having been meaning to try this place for sometime and it didn't disappoint. I had french fries and chicken cheesesteak. The french fries were well seasoned and cooked perfectly and the cheesesteak was large and delicious, enough for 2 meals.  I had it with onions and spot sauce and it was tasty. I would definitely recommend trying this local jawn.
This maybe one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly! Being born an raised I have a handful of goto cheesesteak spots. Spot Burger is my new number 1. Fresh ribeye that they shave in-house. Even the yellow American cheese is good lol
SPOT has been a Friday night staple and generally the high-point of my week.  I tend to start fantasizing about the Big Mick around Wednesday night, and am a little giddy by the time I order.  The cheese steaks are tremendous, the French fries are on point, and the Charlie Brown fills me with shame in the way that only a great burger can.

The staff are wonderful as well--polite, efficient, funny, and they make a point of calling you by name every single time.

Most places in Fairmount and Art Museum tend to be pretty mediocre, in part because they can be.  As long as you make food that is on par with a chain restaurant or bar food that approaches adequacy, you can probably make do with the tourists coming through.  It's so nice to see a place that takes pride in using quality ingredients to make delicious food for a reasonable price.
SPOT is basically a non-chain fast food restaurant with better toppings than your standard place. Small enough so that no matter where you sit you are never more than a few feet from the griddle. If you eat in you will smell like a burger joint. The person working the register was very friendly and helpful. He explained the menu, answered questions, and welcomed customers all while taking orders and keeping the line moving.

I ordered the Roquefort burger with bleu cheese, bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, and truffle balsamic reduction. The guy taking my order asked how I wanted my burger and I chose medium. This is probably the only reason my review is a 3 star. The burger was not medium, no pink at all. If my burger is to get a higher rating it has to be pink in the center. But the flavors were really good. Even with the overpowering flavor of bleu cheese (not a complaint), the mushroom flavor was really good and noticeable likely due to the truffle balsamic reduction. The bacon was very tasty as well, not that I necessarily need to mention that bacon tastes good. All sandwiched between a soft fluffy potato bun. Split an order of the Sloppy Cheese Fries with a friend and they were good and could probably cause a heart attack. A pile of good fries covered with a hefty pile of sloppy joe meat and topped with cheese whiz. They were good but probably wouldn't want to make them a regular habit. Prices were nice as well with the burger at $8.75 and the fries at $6.75.

I might stop in again and give them a chance to redeem the overcooked burger. But SPOT didn't give me a reason to rush back.
Our favorite places always end up being hole in the wall spots and Spots is now in our top 10. We came upon this spot on our way to the Philadelphia Zoo.
They do not have indoor dining but do have tables set up outdoors. 
The burgers were amazing! They have several varieties on the menu or you can make your own. They have a sauce that they make that is amazing that you can add to your burger. I guess that you could consider these gourmet burgers.
The best part is how the owner is helping out the local kids in his community by feeding them. He takes donations, has a box if you would like to donate money as well as a Venmo account. 
With or without donations he is helping out the community by cooking and delivering meals to kids.
What a great business to support!!
Not a huge fan of burgers by any means but I am relocating to another country pretty soon and I do want to review all the authentic American dishes before heading out, burgers and pizza among top priorities.

Spot burger has been on my radar for awhile. I'm glad I came here before leaving. The place was very small but surprisingly not claustrophobic. The smell of delicious grilled meat and onions hit you before anything else. They have specials that switches up weekly. I opted for their Spot burger with coleslaw and spot sauce. My niece went for the umami burger with mushroom and teriyaki sauce. We also had an order of fries.

Let's talk about the fries first. They were crunchy! Thank you spot burger! You have no idea how many burger joints served me  soggy fries. I was really happy with the spot burger, the slaw added a refreshing crunch and their spot sauce was just right. It was neither too salty or sweet and had the right amount of sauce ratio to meat. The umami was another hit, reminiscing of a Vietnamese grilled beef sandwich with the fresh cucumber and sweet teriyaki glaze. The burger patties themselves were juicy and flavorful. 

The food was good, pricing was fair and their service was amazing. I would definitely come back again!
Ordered online with ToastTab and picked up my dinner without any wait. I was expecting street parking on Girard to be non existent on a Saturday night but there were a couple "spots" open right in front.

Cheesesteak + fries is a tad pricey ($15), but I'm not going to dwell since the food is worth it. The sandwich comes loaded with coarsely sliced steak and finely chopped grilled onions. And the fries are cut in-house (reminded me of Five Guys fries). This is definitely a meal where you will need to exercise the next day.

I will be back to try one of their famed burgers!
One of the best burgers in Philly!

Low key joint with just a few tables and the kitchen in the dining room. But, don't let the modest face fool you, this place rocks!

Menu is creative and fully customizable. Burgers are cooked on a flattop, perfectly seared, juicy, slightly charred. Fries are hand cut, fried fresh, perfectly crispy and salty. What more could you ask for from a burger place? 

Pro tip - Download the SPOT app for a rewards program and some good coupons (aka free fries!).
Amazing Burger! It really doesn't get any better than this.  For point of reference my favorite burger has been Rouge and this is at least as good. I also got Cherry Fanta, you just can't get a good cherry soda many places any more. Josh the owner is a personally on the grill.
THE no frills, greasy, amazing burger spot. Get my fries extra crispy. Their regular burgers are on point. Their veggie burgers are SO GOOD. My sister has had the sloppy joe and said it was amazing too. Quick, clean, good service, decent prices.
First time venturing out to Brewerytown! 

Anyways, the burgers were so good! You can get them medium rare or to other likings. The buns were that soft potato roll quality like shake shack's. The size is bigger &thicker than shake shack but smaller/thinner than regular steakhouse burgers. 
What made the burgers so good were flavors! 
I got umami burger which has sauce based on korean ssam-jang (miso/chili pepper paste) and topped with mushrooms and shredded lettuce+cucumber. I wasnt sure how the sauce will play with the burger but boy did that combo work! Lk the name, lot of umami from the sauce with a nice refreshing balance from the veggies. I've never had a burger taste like this before. 
Bf got butcher burger which had onion, tomato, and horseradish sauce. The sauce in there was also awesome, giving the greasy burg an extra kick. 

Service was quick and friendly. Not a lot of space for a large group though. 

Oh and it's byob? We picked up some beer from rybrew across the street while waiting for the burgers. There seem to be other cool new spots around here like crime and punishment brewery, and aforementioned rybrew, which is somewhat like foodery.
This is probably the best burger place I have ever been to! The are always quick, courteous and make the food fresh and delicious. The burgers come out perfect and never soggy. The fries are delicious.
Awesome place -small comfy and clean.  The fries are the best and the burgers awesome too!  Thanks for taking care of our large order early on a Saturday!  Great customer service.  We will be back:)
The burger was probably the best burger I've ever eaten. It was super fresh and packed full of flavor. The service was great, and I'd definitely recommend getting the cheese fries!
Amazing food. Probably the best burger I've had in the city. Tried the Charlie Brown and the seasoning on it was amazing. Also sampled some of my friends Jawn. The meat on it was really tender. Don't forget an order of cheese fries. Well worth the premium on the burger and the trek up to Brewerytown.
One of the best burgers I've had.  It's nice to be able to not get a frozen patty. You can tell they really care about the quality they're putting out.  That's rare these days.  The fries are really fresh and have a nice seasoning to them.  The spot sauce is good as well.  This is my go to for burgers now.
DELICIOUS! We had the Charlie Brown and it rocked- so juicy! Their fries were great too! Device was super fast. I'll definitely come back.
YAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is so incredibly exciting to see close to my home as my fiance and I got through college cause of these burgers. Any one of them, you will not be upset. The bun is fantastic, the meat is well seasoned, the vegetables he puts on there (and pickles) are perfection, and I'm always a satisfied customer!

Keep 'em coming Josh! You may have become our new Sunday tradition :)
Great burgers at a great price.

I came to Spot for lunch with my coworker earlier, and we were both really impressed with the menu, the burgers, and the service. Spot offers a pretty unique menu (burgers with everything from blue cheese to pickled daikon and gochujung paste) which is definitely enough to bring people in, but it's the juicy burgers, toasted buns, fresh veggies, and great flavors that will keep them coming back. 

We got the cheese-fries (fresh and good but nothing that'll blow your mind), the spot burger, and the umami burger. 

The spot burger was classic with a twist: a beef burger with bacon and chedder, pickles, coleslaw, and spot sauce. The pickles and slaw kept the burger tasting really fresh/not overwhelmingly meaty. 

The umami burger was definitely a bit heavier, but also more flavorful: grilled onions, mushrooms, pickled diakon, cucumber, gochujung, teriyaki, lettuce. I thought it was really great, the flavors were definitely there, but it was a bit too heavy for me so I couldn't finish my half. Definitely not something to get if you're trying to find something light!

Overally I was impressed, and I'd definitely be willing to come back again on a day when I'm really craving a burger! 

*The guys sitting next to me said they come about 2-3 times per week, and they've yet to try something they don't like. I believe it.
Awesome place, love the southwest chicken, add some spot sauce to it and it's perfect
I'll keep it short and sweet: Incredible. 

Burgers are incredible, the steak sandwiches are great, and the Sloppy Joes make you feel at home. 

Extremely friendly staff. 

This is "eat there every night" caliber.
I've been to Spot Burger probably around 5 times in the past two months and it is everything that these reviews say they are and more. Delicious! Every time I go, I try something new, until I have had everything on the menu (which might be soon). I've always been a fan of shake shack, but since the brick and mortar location opened up within walking distance from my place, I havent been anywhere else for a cheesesteak or burger. Everytime I walk in, it's hello from every worker in the place, and a thank you for my business as I leave. Eat here, you won't regret it.
Wow, I wasn't expecting much, but was very impressed. 
Spot burger and cheesesteak were the bomb.
Spot burger was simple and delicious. They grind the meat throughout the day and you can tell. The meat is very fresh. I liked the tangy spot sauce.
The cheesesteak as a surprising winner. I might have even liked it more than the burger a little. The meat was very high quality.
Fries were also fresh and cooked well.
Easy, no frills burger joint. Super friendly service.
I will definitely be back for more!
The menu is fun, the staff is very accommodating, and the burgers are delicious. There is no reason not to check it out. I've even made a special trip to brewreytown a time or two just for the cheesesteak fries. They actually put enough wiz and meat to cover each fry! Any of their burgers can be made with a beef patty, as a chicken burger, or vegetarian. The veggie parties are surprisingly delicious. I highly recommend the rodeo burger and the Charlie Brown. There is a build-your-own burger option, but I don't know why anyone would bother. I mean, they are the professionals. I just feel bad for the poor slob who had to test taste all the different flavor combinations when the menu was being developed.  (I'm kidding, of course. That lucky bastard.) There are a bunch of menu items that are listed on their website, but not on the menu at the restaurant, so I suggest looking at the website before visiting.
A co-worker introduced me to SPOT Burger recently. Four of us stopped in at lunch time. I had the Roquefort Burger, medium-rare with french fries and it was fantastic! The burger was huge and I had to take some of it to-go. The place is a bit small but clean and the staff are SO nice. This place definitely lived up to the hype for me!
Best burger joint I've seen in a while. Nice variety on the menu as far as burger/cheesesteak/pork style sandwiches go. And they do a different special sandwich every week;which has consiquently bumped me from a semi-regular customer up to a once or twice a week reg. 
Service is friendly from the cashier to the fry guys to Josh and his happy helpers in the back. They're always helpful and enjoy chit chat and quick jokes. They seem to genuinely enjoy their job and social interaction. It's always fun to catch them jamming out to the eclectic rock station always playing for ambiance. Just a chill group of guys n gals.
I don't want to call the space SMALL because it doesn't feel cramped. It's more like its interactive and fitting for a fast-moving burger joint. Think diner meets pizza place meets local bar type of feel. Low rise tables in front for relaxing, some hightops with a different perspective in the corner, and the bar-style counter make it so u can pick your style comfort. With paintings and articles all over, you're bound to have some conversation pieces nearby as well.
Everything seems clean. From tables floors and counters, to the separate area in the back for butchering meets, to the clearly labeled bins for different trash and recyclables.
Overall 5star for these guys. Try the Charlie Brown for some Philly style comfort food.
I am obsessed with burgers; and I can honestly say this was the best burger I have ever had, my friends also agree this was the absolute best. Every ingredient is so fresh, the meat is juicy, the sauces, the fries, we tried the Pondorossa which was amazing and my personal favorite which was on a "secret menu" was their version of a Big Mac, seriously can not say enough- BEST BURGER EVER- the place is small and causal, and the service is awesome- everyone is so nice- and you can tell the food is made with only the best. 100000% recommend, they also had a lot of great vegetarian options.
Best prepared and most flavorful burgers in Philly. Medium-well arrived cooked with just the faintest bit of pink and still super juicy. Fries similarly crispy and salted *just* enough.
My husband and I have been ordering once a week from them over the past month after learning that they are also serving free meals to any families in need who can't feed their kids. Not only do they have a big heart, but they also have amazing burgers and fries! We've been very impressed. Delivery is also very speedy and the food is always hot when it arrives. Awesome place!!
Moved to the area about 4 months ago and went here for the first 4 weeks ago and have already been back! I love that they have veggie and chicken options for ALL their different types of burgers! We did take out and walked all the way home before enjoying and it was DELICIOUS! Friendly staff, easy to order and quick.
If you're looking for the best burger or cheesesteak in the city spot is the destination. My favorite burger is the big mic which seems to be a spinoff of the big mac, however spot does it a million times better. Hands down the best burger I have ever had, the fries are also no joke. If you love burgers spot is a must.
Ordered fish and chips, cheesesteak fries, and a chicken sandwich from SPOT for dinner. All in all, unimpressive. For $15, a tray of fish and chips with no flavor and no sauces on the side. A $9 unflavorful "cowboy" bbq jalapeño chicken sandwich, about the size and quality of a fast food one. Almost no taste expect for the cabbage in it. And the cheesesteak fries were not quite loaded, not quite as big as expected, and just alright, with no onions or peppers or anything just whiz and some meat. Perhaps the burgers are really the way to go here, not that I'd know.
A neighborhood gem ! I don't order often but when I do, it's heaven. The veggie burger with fried egg, avo, thousand island dressing and grilled onions, is killer.

Update: not about the food but the delivery service. I know the weather is shitty and there's one driver  out there. I don't even live a mile from Spot burger but I'm still waiting going on 2+hours for a delivery...I've called twice (once to grub hub who said my food would be here in less than 10 min) and the next call (30 min later) to spot directly. They told me the driver would be here in 15-20 minutes....that was an hour ago.
Spot Burger has won Winner of Rewrapped on Food Network, Food Truck of the Year 2012 - Eater Phila, Zagat -"Top Ten Hottest Burgers in Philadelphia", and Best of Philly 2014/2016. Their Sandwich "The Jawn" won sandwich of the year in 2016 by Philly Mag. So of course we tried that and the "Cowabunga" burger which was the burger of the day. The Jawn consists of slice ribeye, sloppy joe meat, french fries, grilled onions, red onion, cheez whiz and their signature Spot Sauce. The Cowabunga was a burger stuffed with jumbo lump crab, tarragon butter, topped with arugula, roasted corn and red pepper aioli. Man oh man, let's just say we quickly found out why Spot Burger keeps reeling in the awards and high praise. Everything was made fresh to order, and you could truly taste the difference between them and places that use frozen meat. Everything was so fantastic that Young Thumbs almost ordered 2 more burgers just for the road, needless to say we'll definitely be back to do some more menu exploration.
The burgers and fries are always on point. High quality ingredients. I'm a build your own kinda person and all the toppings are very fresh. My roomie raves about the big mic. Fries are always hot and tasty. Service is great. They are pretty quick and always friendly. Great place to grab a quick bite or get take out. They also usually have some interesting specials. Best burger spot around.
Found this SPOT in the Brewerytown section of Philadelphia when exploring the city. I ordered the Billy Burger and it was among the best burgers I've had in my life -- juicy burger on a soft potato bun with goat cheese, sautéed spinach, roasted red peppers, and a truffle reduction. Mmm, so good paired with crispy fries and a Hank's cream soda. Don't miss this SPOT.
We were hungry for burgers last night, and checked out a bunch of places we haven't ordered from yet - SPOT was at the top of our list. What clinched it was going to their website and seeing a window pop up that encouraged parents with small children and those who have lost a job due to the pandemic to come in for a free meal. We needed to send some love!!! 

And they sent us love right back - both the SPOT burger and the rodeo hit the spot! Perfectly cooked, flavorful, just the right size, and the prices are TOTALLY reasonable. Fries were great, too! (Yes, it was a $7 delivery fee via Caviar to our location in South Philly; no, that was NOT a deterrent - and won't be in the future... this is our new favorite burger delivery place!) 

Kudos for the wide range of non-beef options (esp. vegetarian). We will be ordering again soon! 

"As God has granted me much grace, I shall champion my brothers and sisters in their time of need." - From SPOT's website

P.S. SPOT, if you would add an option on Caviar and/or your webpage to allow us to donate to help feed those in need, we would be the first to use it!
Helpful staff. Eclectic burger and chicken menu prepared in an open kitchen.  Served quickly and food was very tasty and not overpriced.  Favored the burger to the ground chicken and had hoped it would be a grilled chicken patty rather than ground chicken but that is personal preference.  The seating was a bit cramped but it is the kind of place you go to for the food rather than the ambiance.  A nice spot in the up and coming brewery town.
I'll be honest, my experience at Spot Burgers wasn't my favorite. I went in expecting a lot more based on the reviews. I ordered one of the specials and I assumed I would be getting a burger since this was a burger joint. However, when I got my "burger" it was a fried chicken sandwich. It was good but not what I expected. My husband ordered The Spot burger and enjoyed it but said it wasn't anything special either. I did enjoy the fries though and our meals were filling and the price was right. The restaurant itself was VERY hot and really cramped. Overall, the experience and food wasn't worth the hype.
The food was great the French fries were just perfect. Besides the short amount of seating if you get there and it's not busy it's a good place to eat family friendly.
Tasty burgers, some better than others.   We ordered 7 burgers and sliders and they were all pretty decent.  One burger stood out as one that I would go out of my way to get again, but I forgot the name (something with kimchee relish?). My least favorite was the one with blue cheese...too overpowering.
I love a good burger. You know, one that has flavorful and balanced toppings, a juicy and well-seasoned patty, the perfect sized bun for your patty, and the right sauce. While I'm not from Philly and can't speak to whether or not this place has the best burger in Philly, what I can say was that my burger was pretty good. 

The menu:
The selection of burgers was relatively large, with vegan options, chicken, sirloin, and pork. Personally, I opted for the Roquefort, which had blue cheese, bacon, grilled onion, sirloin, and truffle balsamic all on a soft bun. I ordered mine medium, because let's be honest, why would you get well-done?

 The sides were limited, however, and just featured the same fries either plain, with cheese whiz, with sloppy joe meat, or ribeye and cheese. It would have been nice to have the option of sweet potato fries, tater tots, or something else. Giving customers different sizes also would be a welcome option. There was just one size that was a little too much for me (but I also have cut most carbs out of my life and get negatively impacted when I eat too many). 

 Also, I would have loved different sauces for my fries. They had your standard  "enhancements" there, including ketchup, old bay, hot sauce, and more.  

The food 
Once I took my first bite of the burger, I was happy with my choice. The sweet yet slightly tangy reduction was delicious, and more of it would not have been a bad thing! The burger was the perfect size for the bun, and was juicy and flavorful. The toppings All worked harmoniously together. 

All together,  I really liked what I had. It's not quite 5 stars for me,  and could have been if the menu had more options. Overall, the burgers had some interesting toppings and the burgers are solid.
I'm a person who hates change. And, It's tough for me to stray away from my usual chicken or veggie burger. However, after being held captive by the blizzard of Jonas, I decided that a nice meaty burger was just what I needed to restore my energy! And, it was totally worth it! I slipped, I slid, I ventured my way through mountainous snow piles to get the perfect burger -- Swiss, avocado, and mayo. They have such a variety of options and an awesome "Spot" sauce that really adds uniqueness to their flavorful burger. It was NOT greasy, and it was the perfect meat-to-bun ratio. The cheese fries are freshly cut and perfectly salted, with cheese-whiz evenly distributed throughout -- perfectly melted through the nooks and crannies. The owner and employees were very kind, asking about our experience on our way out. I'm so, so, happy that Spot Burger has opened! I can't wait to try the other options on the menu. The "Charlie Brown" is next on my list.
Everything was more than expected!!! Awesome custom service, friendly environment, clean, and the burger..... well let's just say it was amazing! I ordered a Rodeo Burger (medium) and it was cooked perfectly. Overall I would recommend anyone to come here as their menu is vast. 

A++
Burger, cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, specials like fish and chips. It's all been delicious.
Our second time driving all the way down to Brewerytown from Ft Wash and again soooooo worth it. Seriously how is everything so amazingly good and fresh?? Our family of five ordered the Spot Burger, a Chicken burger, a veggie burger, a cheesesteak, and two cheeseburgers. And lots of fries. Yes we r pigs. And we finished it all minus a few fries we saved for the dog. And since it's covid-19 season and everything would be cold if we took it home, we gobbled it all up in an in-car picnic w wine and beer. The place was hopping (meaning the phone was ringing nonstop) when we walked in w masks and all. So glad! Hope this place stays open always and forever!!! Wish it was closer but seriously worth the drive to get the best best burgers ever. Actually probably better for our waistlines that it's not too close!
Amazing!!! The best burgers/sandwiches in Philadelphia .. the staff is awesome and this is a must try! U won't be disappointed!! The owner is also amazing and does great things for the community
An new intimate burger joint in BreweryTown, Spot Burger fits in well with the area. 

The space is tiny inside, can maybe hold 15 people max, but the prices are good and food is unique and delicious. Some of their burgers have a special sauce. If you don't sit in you can always get takeout.

The owner of restaurant, Chef Kim, has a very interesting life story you can read about on the newspaper clippings posted to the walls. 

BreweryTown is changing; Spot Burger is a good for the reviving neighborhood.
Omg- this place is a must! While visiting Philly I asked for a "yummy" burger and this place didn't disappoint. (Recommended by the locals) I had the Charlie Brown and my bf had the Spot burger. Both were equally good but we ended up liking each other's so a switch happened. Everything was cooked perfectly and the fries were SPOT on! 

The staff was friendly and took time to explain the menu and make recommendations. 

We will definitely be back!
Veggie Spot burger was amazing!!!  Fries was just right and didn't wait too long for my to go order! The bun for the burger was perfectly toasted. I will suggest better drinks. Service was ok food was amazing! 
Thank you
Perhaps it was all the hype, but this was just a solid burger & fries. Not exceptional, not even interesting enough for me to want to return. 

Burger: I got the Spot Burger. Its my first time & I started with their namesake. I asked for medium, I would put it at a med-well. But that's OK, it didn't factor into my rating. The purple cabbage didn't add to the experience, and there was some kind of sweet sauce that also didn't impress me. It didn't offend me either. It's like... Putting on a dress that fits fine, but doesn't DO anything for you.  It's just Ok!

Must mention: average taste aside, the quality of the meat was excellent. It's sirloin, lean, very good. Also the size, it's a nice meal-sized burger. Good value considering size & quality. 

Fries: I don't like overly brown fries with that slight burnt taste. I don't like kettle chips and avoid the random brown chips in a regular chip bag, if that paints the picture. It is however,  a huge order for $3. 

Overall: I grappled with giving it 4 stars, I wanted to join the fray, but I just can't call it near perfect. It's just. O. K. I don't understand these reviews. I was looking for a mind-blowing experience... It wasn't!

PS: customer service is excellent! Very friendly, that was really refreshing. Everyone working individually thanked me for coming and wished me a good day when I was leaving, BY NAME. That was straight out of Mayberry, it was just great.
Ermagerrrd!! That's the sound you make through your full mouth after taking your first, second, third, and so on - bite of this amazing burger. What delicious quality! 
I had the Roquefort burger, made of sirloin. It's topped with bleu cheese, sautéed onions and mushrooms, and bacon. I had 'em hold the onions and ordered a side of fries. You can customize the burgers however or trust them on the prebuilt ones. Mine was fantastic. I added some Spot sauce (a tangy mix of ketchup and bbq sauce I think). The bun is fluffy and fresh and made of something like potato bread. It's closed in the back end so you can hold the burger in your hand and not worry about drip through or fallout! (Thumbs up on the idea, guys!)
My friend had the Spot burger which had coleslaw, cheddar, pickles and bacon with Spot sauce; it was amazing, but he said he'd go a bit lighter on the coleslaw as it became overpowering halfway through. That Spot sauce is the jam! Order an extra side cup.
They also are a BYOB or you can get one of their fancy old fashioned glass bottle sodas in lots of Yummy Flavors. 
Hands down the best burger I've had on the East Coast.
My boyfriend and I came here for a Friday night for some burgers. We figured we would order it online first so that it would be ready to pickup once we arrived. However, when we arrived the order was not ready for another 40 minutes, keep in mind that we ordered it 20 minutes before we came in. The service was completely horrendous and they had 3 workers who had absolutely no idea what they were doing. Unless you want to wait over an hour for an over-priced and sub-par burger, go somewhere else.
Delicious and just as good as the food truck. Spot burger was fantastic and so were the cheese fries. Great price and you can bring your own beer in.
It's really tough not to award five stars when the best burger (below $12) and the best cheesesteak in Philly are housed at the same place.  The fries aren't far behind either.  The service is really friendly, the prices are fair, and I really admire restauranteurs who take chances on a neighborhood in flux.

Grab yourself a couple beers, head up to Spot, and eat some great Philly food.  Doesn't hurt that you can head over to Crime & Punishment afterwards for a local draft too!  

PS - Extend your hours...missing a lot of the dinner crowd and even more of the takeout crowd.
I had the Roquefort burger and the cheese fries. Both are very good and I'd definitely recommend trying this place. My order was delivered 40 minutes late and it was barely warm.  I'm not sure if that's the restaurants fault or the delivery person.
