I've been on a bit of a bagel kick recently, and Spread has been one of three shops I've visited in the past month or so. It was the most expensive of the bunch by far, and also the most underwhelming. 

I'll never understand the pricing structure at Spread; it's laughable how much a bagel with a few toppings can add up. I often enjoy my bagels with cream cheese, bacon, tomato and cucumber. This combination breaks the ten dollar threshold at Spread (and by the way, their tomatoes were pale and hard - Wawa has better tomatoes). 

I used to frequent the Spread in Rittenhouse but stopped going because of the cost to quality ratio. Still, I wanted to check out the UCity location, which always seemed big and bright from the outside. 

We sat at the bar counter after ordering and receiving our food. As I was eating my bagel, I was visited by an insect that scampered out from behind some type of coffee apparatus. My reaction sent the insect scurrying back to wherever it came from, but I was ready to get out of there after that. I know bugs happen in restaurants, but it was still a pretty big turn off. 

I think I'm done with Spread. Their bagels are good but not three times the cost of everyone else's good.
When you pay for food, you are paying for the food and/or positive experience, yes? Well you won't get that here. Chances are, part of your food will be missing. It's luck of the draw really, no need to overspend to play food roulette. 

It is way overpriced for what it is.  You would also think that if you buy these overpriced baked concoction of flour/yeast (about $2 a pop) in bulk, they would pack it up more nicely.  I got two dozen for work and they were all dumped into a brown bag like I just went grocery shopping.  Panera at least puts in it a nice cardboard box with handles. Oh and not sliced.  At least Panera asks.

Customer service also sucked during the bagel purchase visit. When I got there, the girl continued her conversation with her co-worker regarding something superfluous and frivolous (as in personal gossip vs work related) as another patron and I stood there staring into space waiting for her to finish or notice. She also got slightly impatient when I didn't know where to get the cream cheese. Sheesh

Ah yes, and now The Cure breakfast bagel sandwich (Beef brisket, bacon, eggs, and smoked cheddar sriracha spread) for $11.50. I've gotten that 5 times and they forgot the cheddar sriracha three times. It comes with the bagel sandwich too so they're not providing me with the full product and still charging for it.  Actually today was the fifth time I got the sandwich and they forgot the spread again AND the bacon. Only FOUR things go into this sandwich.... FOUR.  Yet this place keeps fking it up. OMG and this place is called Spread and they keep forgetting the spread!!!!

So... 
1. Subpar "bulk" bagel purchase experience 
2. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread
3. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread
4. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread AND bacon

Three strikes and  you're out! I've been more than generous with this place, but I'm done with this joint. It'd be a different story if it was a $5 sandwich, but Spread is charging someone  $12 to eat their negligence. It really makes me consider changing industries if Spread is getting away with this nonsense.

Here's another thing: if they are out of stuff and you're waiting in line for 20 minutes, they won't tell you ahead of time. One time we waited in line for about 20 minutes and when we got up to order, they said they were out of brisket and bacon. What a waste of time this place is.  Other places I've been to tell patrons in advance so they are not mindlessly waiting.
Ordered through grub hub which I thought would be no problem...wrong. I paid $4 in delivery fees just to have my order so royally messed up. 
I ordered an everything bagel with nova spread and tomato and instead got an everything bagel with NOTHING ON IT.
Guys, wouldn't that order seem a little odd to you? Wouldn't you pause to think, who in God's name would order this? Before you threw a bagel in a bag and had it delivered to me for the tune of $4 plus the overpriced cost of the bagel itself? YIKES.
The bagel itself was burnt and just covered in poppy and sesame seeds, no garlic or salt. 
I really don't want to come back here so the next time I want a bagel, someone please remind me that there are other options.
A lot of reviews complaining about the prices.  Overpriced for college students.  Well, the owner has clued in to the fact that these very college students complaining are the only ones in this city who have the money (and daddy's credit card) to spend $9+ on a bagel sandwich day after day.  Judging from the lines, not too many are voting with their feet.  Prices aside, the bagels are pretty good, if you like bagels.  The La Colombe draft latte is a treat.
Spread Bagelry is hoping to be for bagels what we've all seen happen in the last few years to just about every other type of cuisine: a restaurant that takes a simple and familiar cuisine and decidedly dresses up every part of it (like Shake Shack for burgers, but examples abound for other foods, too). 

Usually when these types of restaurants go in this direction, the prices are much higher than the food's humble beginnings. Spread's prices are higher than I would prefer, and absolutely higher than other basic bagel shops - but that alone wouldn't prevent me from eating there, as long as the bagel was damn tasty. 

The problem is, it isn't.

I've visited Spread several times, but I've just never been that impressed. The best thing I've had has probably been the basic bacon, egg, and cheese on toasted everything. I think their bacon is great, since it's thick but also still really crisp, and the eggs are griddled fresh to order, which is awesome. 

The sandwich with lox, tomato, and onion is okay but it's missing capers! The roasted chicken sandwich was also just okay (mostly just lacking in any interesting flavor), and the chicken was on the dry side.

My big pet peeve here is that the bagels aren't toasted enough! The bagels pass through their toasting machine and come back not nearly crisp enough on the outside for my liking. I even once requested my bagel to be extra toasted - but that request was ignored. 

And Spread proudly serves La Colombe coffee, a great choice. But man is it brewed weak. Every time I've had their coffee, it's never been strong enough and was just disappointingly watery. Management: Please add more coffee grounds! 

I'll keep coming back here for the sake of convenience and location, but until Spread Bagelry toasts its bagels longer and brews its coffee stronger, I'll continue to reserve any praise higher than just "Yeah, Spread's okay."
Another place that got 1 pity star because Yelp makes you give a star to write a review.  On a Sunday morning, who wants to leave the house to get food after a night out? Not ME OR MY FRIENDS.  So we turn to GrubHub to quench our thirst and satiate our hunger. Boy did we make a mistake!

I have never been so livid with an establishment.  I thought I would blame the GrubHub driver but after skimming some of these reviews I can be sure Spread was the culprit.  Honestly what kind of name is "Spread" anyway??? First mistake I would say...

Anyway ordered two draft lattes and they arrived HALF FULL.  WHAT THE ACTUAL CLUCK.  Attached will be a picture.  Can I even say half full because it may be a quarter.  Also, got a bagel that was cold, not the correct type of bagel I ordered and came with no "spread" aka cream cheese or butter.  IF YOUR NAME IS SPREAD, REMEMBER TO PUT THE GOD DAMN SPREAD IN THE BAG.  

We also ordered juice and they didn't mess that up, but honestly a 2 year old wouldn't mess that up.

Not worth the wait, the price, the processing fees, the delivery fees. Simply not worth it. 

***Never order from here. Never go here. These people and this place is incompetent as hell.***
As a UPenn graduate student and Brooklyn native, I was overjoyed to find that there was a new bagel place opening up next to my building. I was curious what a 'Montreal-style' bagel was since I have been to Montreal several times, but have heard nothing about their bagels, and the one time I decided to get a bagel in Montreal, it was nothing special. Maybe I just went to the wrong place? Well, there's one way to find out...

I was lucky enough to get in before a serious line formed due to the strange and unpredictable cyclical nature of lines...Anyway, I order an Everything Bagel with Cream Cheese - Toasted. The 'everything with a shmear, hot' is a sacred food item where I'm from, and I consider the worth of a bagelry based solely on that one item. If they can't make an Everything bagel well, the place isn't worth your time and hard earned money. 

Based on the 2 stars I gave this place, I was seriously disappointed. Let's just say that there's a reason no one's ever heard of 'Montreal-style' bagels. The bagel was not crispy on the outside, doughy and chewy on the inside, there was almost no sea salt on the outside of the bagel and I could barely taste the garlic or onion, and why was the bagel even sweet? I had to literally salt my bagel at the table, which in itself is a reason to never come here again. The cream cheese was regular cream cheese, but had a strange aftertaste. If I were to rate this bagel between "Toufayan store bought crap" and "Bagel Boy Everything" (this bagel is a perfect 10, highly recommend if you're ever in Brooklyn), the Spread Everything bagel would be closer to the Toufayan. 

Now let's talk about the 800 lb gorilla in the room, THE PRICES. I imagine this place makes most of its profit from the people staying at the Sheraton who think they're getting an '"artisinal" experience, because I don't know how any students could possibly afford this. I paid $3.50 for my food item, which goes for no more than $3 at a full service bagel store ON THE UPPER EAST SIDE OF MANHATTAN. In Brooklyn? $2, maybe $2.50 if the place is famous. This is neither. These bagels should be $2 max. The other items on the menu are laughable. $7.50 for a Bacon, Egg and Cheese? $8.50 for an Egg White sandwich with "amish jam"? Just because you give basic food items a premium-sounding name doesn't make them good. If you want to bust out the obscure food ingredients and haute-cuisine pricing, at least make the taste worthwhile. 

The main reason I gave this place two stars and not one is because I found the staff to be pleasant, and the decor was pretty good, although it looked like it was ripped right out of a Williamsburg interior design catalog, feels like home. 

As a side note, Spread does not yet have a liquor license, but they boast a selection of 80 craft beers and allow you to pick and choose any 6 beers for $16. Any respectable beer drinker knows that most craft beers are absolute garbage, however out of 80 beers, it may be worthwhile to pick 6 Weihenstephan Hefe Weissbiers (if they have 'em) providing that you can drink them in the store. I may re-review this place once they get their liquor license, if I could exploit them for relatively-cheap German beer and turn the place into a bar that sells mediocre bagels.
When you pay for food, you are paying for the food and/or positive experience, yes? Well you won't get that here. Chances are, part of your food will be missing. It's luck of the draw really, no need to overspend to play food roulette. 

It is way overpriced for what it is.  You would also think that if you buy these overpriced baked concoction of flour/yeast (about $2 a pop) in bulk, they would pack it up more nicely.  I got two dozen for work and they were all dumped into a brown bag like I just went grocery shopping.  Panera at least puts in it a nice cardboard box with handles. Oh and not sliced.  At least Panera asks.

Customer service also sucked during the bagel purchase visit. When I got there, the girl continued her conversation with her co-worker regarding something superfluous and frivolous (as in personal gossip vs work related) as another patron and I stood there staring into space waiting for her to finish or notice. She also got slightly impatient when I didn't know where to get the cream cheese. Sheesh

Ah yes, and now The Cure breakfast bagel sandwich (Beef brisket, bacon, eggs, and smoked cheddar sriracha spread) for $11.50. I've gotten that 5 times and they forgot the cheddar sriracha three times. It comes with the bagel sandwich too so they're not providing me with the full product and still charging for it.  Actually today was the fifth time I got the sandwich and they forgot the spread again AND the bacon. Only FOUR things go into this sandwich.... FOUR.  Yet this place keeps fking it up. OMG and this place is called Spread and they keep forgetting the spread!!!!

So... 
1. Subpar "bulk" bagel purchase experience 
2. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread
3. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread
4. Forgot the cheddar sriracha spread AND bacon

Three strikes and  you're out! I've been more than generous with this place, but I'm done with this joint. It'd be a different story if it was a $5 sandwich, but Spread is charging someone  $12 to eat their negligence. 

Here's another thing: if they are out of stuff and you're waiting in line for 20 minutes, they won't tell you ahead of time. One time we waited in line for about 20 minutes and when we got up to order, they said they were out of brisket and bacon. What a waste of time this place is.  Other places I've been to tell patrons in advance so they are not mindlessly waiting.
This bagel shop is just what university city needs! Fresh brick oven bagels, a stocked bar, friendly staff and delicious house made peppered ketchup for my breakfast sandwich!
Generally, the bar is on the lower side for bagels in Philly - I don't expect them to taste like New York bagels, and so it's fine when they don't. These guys did a pretty decent bagel all things considering. I ordered a Club (bacon, cheddar, turkey, apple) on a poppyseed at around 1:30 on a Thursday - no line at all. A little on the pricy side at ~10 bucks, but fine. The sandwich is billed to come with honey mustard, I was given a sandwich with mayo for some reason. Luckily I am a WASP and am down with mayo, but it was notable. The cheese was lackluster, in that it didn't taste like much, but the bacon was excellent. 

Enough minor concerns to keep it from 4 stars, but I wouldn't turn up my nose at a repeat visit.
So much hype, such long lines and after all of that, I think I'll stick to my New York style bagels. Having said that, it's definitely not bad. In fact, I was pleased with the cream cheese ratio and thought the Nova Salmon Spread was well done- big chunks of fish! The bagel itself was fine; the downside is the slightly burnt flavor that the wood burning oven gives the bagel.

A couple of concerning observations in terms of the staffing:
1. There are too many people behind the counter doing nothing. When the lines are out the door, efficiency is important.
2. I worked in food service so I know what's acceptable when handling food. I noticed one employee drinking from an open cup behind the counter. After touching her personal drink and having her hands on the counter, she handled a bagel with her bare hands before serving it. I get it, these things happen. But it's disconcerting infront of a bunch of customers. 

The build out is really cool, and on a nice day the outdoor seating is great. The music and volume make it a difficult place to do work, so in that way it's not your typical low key bagel shop. In fact, I would even call it hectic. We'll see what it's like when the hype dies down (as it should).
I've been to spread a few times and have been trying to give them the benefit of the doubt because honestly, I love bagels.  And the bagels are good, but....

Today, I ordered an everything bagel with smoked salmon cream cheese and a coffee. When I went to fill up my coffee, the carafe was completely empty. I went to the counter to let them know, and the girl came over and pressed "brew" on the coffee maker (no new coffee put in). The coffee that I finally got, was weak, and also, somehow, cold, despite being freshly brewed. La Colombe coffee is generally great and this did not fit the bill.

Secondly, I got to work only to realize that they put the wrong cream cheese on my bagel! (Veggie, instead of smoked salmon). Honestly, I see how you could make the mistake but considering they charge a hefty premium for the smoked salmon, I was pretty pissed. Their bagels are expensive, and I have also had friends who's orders have been screwed up. All in all, just not worth it.
Ordered a few breakfast bagels and the order went through, someone at the restaurant accepted it. After 45 minutes and a notification that my order was out for delivery. Then it was canceled and the restaurant said they never received it... I don't usually rate based on delivery experiences but this completely seemed like a customer service issue and poor planning on their part.
A little over priced, but absolutely delicious!  The staff is super friendly too!
Certain things I really like are on the expensive side, but these bagels are so good and everything is so fresh, I don't mind spending $11 on my more simple breakfast every once in a while.

I usually get an everything bagel with cream cheese, a plain bagel with whitefish, or a plain bagel with lox and cream cheese.  The downfall, is they don't have a price for just lox or whitefish salad, and I end up spending the amount I would for a specific breakfast sandwich they have (with lox and other items or whitefish and other items) without 85% of the items on it, since I like my lox or whitefish and bagel pretty plain.  Its so yummy though! So kind of worth it if you have a craving!

Since i is right by my office, it is a nice place to stop in for breakfast to hit the spot when I am about to have a long day.  Also good for lunch!  They have lots of sandwich options  (on their bagels of course) for lunch and for breakfast.  They also do these pizza bagel things that I have not tried, but they look good and seem pretty popular!

The bagel is a Montreal style bagel and they are AWESOME!  different than your typical bagel shop bagel.  A must try!

The staff is really friendly and helpful.  Took a little time for everyone to get on top of their service game, and they can run a little slow sometimes (I get this when they are busy with the lines out the door, but if there are only 3 people waiting for orders, sometimes it can be too long of a wait) but that goes with any new place opening.  They are getting better with it all though (wait times getting better and all the kinks in service at a new location have pretty much been worked out) and I really enjoy Spread Bagelry!
Fool me once, shame on you...fool me twice, SHAME ON FRIGGIN ME!!!

Wow. I'm literally shook.  If you peep my past Yelp review, you can read about my first terrible experience with Spread.  But, alas, here I am again, even more angry.  I honestly feel foolish that I'm writing this for a SECOND time, but then my foolishness is masked by anger that an establishment could have such blatant disregard, not only for what they sell and their customers, but also their lack of customer service and pride in their own establishment. 

Spread has a ballpark of 97 reviews on their page and an overall 3 star rating...there is only a handful of pleased customers, and the rest, like myself, think Spread is a joke. I'm in the majority.  Most people who have reviewed this page have given them 2 stars, followed by 1, followed by 3. Like isn't that an issue?

I'm going to let my attached pictures speak for themselves, but the jist of what happened, is:
I ordered something online and got something completely repulsive.  I have my receipt attached and a picture of the order I received.  I then called to complain and the management was very rude and unaccommodating.  A new bagel came about 1.5 hours later (ridiculous) and the order was still wrong.  

AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
I had The Classic (with smoked salmon) on an Everything bagel. It was fine but not remarkable.
The service is quick and I always end up seeing the same cashier, which she is extremely friendly!!  I'm giving 3 stars because I'm not a fan of the bagels and they seem to be overpriced compared to other places nearby. From my understanding these are "Montreal-style" but I honestly don't know what the difference could be.
(To the tune of "Dangerous Woman" by Ariana Grande)

Oh yeah,
Don't need permission,
Made my decision, 
carbs what I'm wishin'
Bagels are big business
(Can I get a witness?)
This one, didn't finish

Now wait, just hold up...
She really told us...
There were leftovers?

Cream cheese fully loaded,
But couldn't hold me,
My mind: still open...

All that aside, BEC, oh My GOD - 
Don't ya stop, Spread... but

Sometimes I get... yeah, I get just an average bagel
(sometimes, I... Sometimes, I...) Sometimes I GET
scallion' cream cheese, it's just not that int'restin'
But I come back back, yes I come back....

Ah, jeez, Spread. You opened right around when I switched buildings, so I only got a few visits early on until lately, when I went back with a group. They were craving carbs and on a time crunch, so we visited and I'm sorry to say this visit was a miss. Some got the breakfast sandwiches and they were the lucky ones. Spread does a great job with gooey melted cheese and thick bacon. They were very satisfied.

Unfortunately, I chose poorly - scallion cream cheese (PLEASE get a spicy/jalapeno cream cheese, or punch up the flavor of this!) on an everything. I took mine to go, and it wasn't cut in half, which made it VERY challenging to eat in the fashion I'm used to (someone suggested it looked like I was eating a steering wheel, a slight exaggeration, but the point was made). I tried a bite of the seasonal berry cream cheese, which had a nice sweetness, but still didn't taste as strongly as I'm fond of in a flavored cream cheese.

The prices are a little steep for me to consider this a regular spot even if I were working closer, and I just think there are better options for bagels unless you're doing a full breakfast sammy.
This place is hit or miss. I came here this morning and I realized when I got to work and pulled out my sandwich that I was given someone else's sandwich. The one that I got was much more expensive than the toasted bagel and cream cheese that I ordered so thanks, Spread. I feel sorry for the person who got stuck with my sandwich.
When I see the owner buy some AC for their workers, I'll give this place a five stars.

It's 9:00 AM, 85°, and not any cool air is to be felt in this place. It's awful. Customers have walked out because it's so hot in this restaurant, yet I see workers flipping food over a hot grill under the same conditions. This is unacceptable! To the workers' credits they have great attitudes.
We were so excited to eat bagels until we saw the cook prepping everyone's food 
 with his bare hands. We didn't have a huge problem with it assuming he washed his hands. But we saw him just wipe them occasionally on his pants which were dirty af. Generally he seemed to not care about his hygiene. We also saw him smoke a cigarette outside with his apron still on while we were eating. One of the coworkers on the line had gloves on but it defeats the purpose since the bagels ended up in the dirty guys hands anyway. Generally the prep table seemed dirty and disorganized. With that being said the bagels tasted good.
Ordered a bagel this morning. There was a black hair baked into my bagel. I couldn't even pull it out if I wanted to. 

2 weeks ago when I went with my friend, she also had a hair in her bagel sandwich (luckily for her, it wasn't actually baked into the bagel, like mine was)

Won't be coming back.
Had two breakfasts here this week while visiting Wharton.  The wood fired bagels were perfectly toasted and I can't figure out peoples' issues with the service.  People were pleasant.  It's a bagel shoppe and if the orders are simply done correctly and taste good they've done their part.  One day I got the full salmon and egg (forgot the name) and the next simply a salmon smear.  I plan to get breakfast there before flying out tomorrow AM.  Good on you Spread Bagelry!!
So I decided to go back today and give this place a chance. At 3pm on a Tuesday before Thanksgiving, there is not much of a line - a plus! I was back at my school to eat within 10 minutes of ordering, much better.

The issue this time was my sandwich itself. Ordered same thing as last time - The Club. I asked for it to be toasted - didn't seem like it was. Sandwich was cold, cheese not melted, bacon was not even warm. Really disappointing. 

Last thing of note. For me psychologically for lunch I like my total to be under $10 and with tax this place puts you over $10 on their cheapest sandwiches (outside the grilled cheese).

I will not return. Do yourself a favor, walk 2 streets north to Market St. and grab lunch at Herban; much more food, delicious, healthier, and under $10.
Spread's the closest bagel store to Penn. They have a cute outdoor seating area set up and you can also takeout. You can order online but I suggest ordering through the Snackpass app since students can receive 10% off their order. 

I got the Egg White on an everything bagel ($9.50). I liked everything inside the bagel and there was a generous amount, but I wasn't the fan of the bagel itself. It tasted pretty stale and the texture was too dense. The sandwich was also really greasy. In my opinion, I've tasted a lot better for cheaper. 

TLDR: The bagels were subpar and overpriced.
Great spot to quickly pick up breakfast on the go. The bagels are great and the selection is diverse so if you want a meal for a bagel... you have that. But if you're on a " diet " and want a simple pick me up in the morning - you can get a simple salmon spread on an everything bagel. My favorite bagel would be the the one with jam, tomato, bacon, and egg ( the jam really does it ).
The only thing that confused me about the place is the pure ambience. There's beers, other food selections, and some pastries. But I guess if you wanted to get tipsy at noon and craved chocolate + bagels - then there you go! Slightly over priced for bagels but would go back without a doubt!
Been going to this location and center city unit off and on for a while. The bagels are definitely above average, but on recent visit was less than satisfied with cleanness and unwelcoming service. Then saw the below health inspection report in the Inquirer. Won't be going back. 

Spread Bagelry
3602 Chestnut St.
7 violations, 1 serious
Food debris and old mouse droppings were on the floors in the food preparation areas; black residue and pink slime were on the interior of the ice machine bin; flies were in the rear prep area; the outer opening in the food facility did not protect against the entry of insects, rodents, and other animals; food employees were not wearing or wearing ineffective hair restraints, such as nets, hats, or beard restraints; there was a hot water delay at handwashing sink in front prep area.
The establishment was issued a Cease Operations Order and must discontinue food operations immediately. The establishment could not operate for a minimum of 48 hours. Inspected July 9.
Spread - I give up. I've given you so many chances because your bagels are good (though sometimes burned) but the service is just too terrible. 

I regularly wait inane amounts of time and my orders are still wrong. For your too-high prices, I can't handle it anymore. Today, someone brought back their order because it was wrong when they opened and inspected it. I watched you re-wrap the bagel the woman had clearly already touched and give it to me. 

When your employees make mistakes, they're universally not willing to admit their mistakes and remedy them. Seems pretty fixable, I'll be back when you put a better system in place.
I would spend some much money here if it wasn't such a disaster in here. An adult should oversee the front area. 

It's dirty and inefficient. There are so many people working yet things aren't actually getting done well.

Here is a picture of my dirty to go order of cream cheese that was half filled by one employee then another finished filling it and decided not to put a lid on it and threw it onto the counter where a customer open mouth coughed on it. Finally another employee put a lid on at my request without using gloves. 

I won't go back here...

It's a shame because they make good bagels.
My experience at Spread was quite average. As an NJ native, I find the prices super inflated. What ever happened to a bagel with meats and smear for like $3? Here it's close to $10! The bagel is also a little too bready/cakey for my taste, but the thick cut bacon is suuuuper tasty. 

Still looking for a good bagel place in Philly!
Service is a hit or miss.

The staff here can be inefficient. Even if there are multiple customers waiting to order, the cashier is walking around doing other non-urgent tasks or telling folks to hold a minute and walking to the back. 

If I ask for ketchup on my sandwich, there's a fair chance it's not on there. I end up having to ask for a side of ketchup after receiving my order (different than the ketchup packets because their bottled ketchup has a distinct flavor I like!)

It's a shame because while I do enjoy their breakfast sandwiches a lot, I always have to prepare myself for a long wait time and cautiously watch over them make my order in case they miss one of my requests.
Love Spreads bagel choices! Always super fresh and yummy. Wide variety of sandwiches and cream cheese spreads. Will be back to try more varieties of bagels and spreads. Reasonable prices too under $10! Great breakfast or lunch spot if you're in University City.
Stopped by here last Saturday with my wife and our Doggo for breakfast on the way to the post office.  We both had an enjoyable, large breakfast sandwich and were able to sit outside with our doggo, in comfort (even if he begged every table nearby for a snack!).

Pros:

The bagels themselves are "Montreal Style" which is unfamiliar to me and apparently several other reviewers.  Per Wikipedia (whatever):  "In contrast to the New York-style bagel, or the East Coast Style Bagel which also contains sourdough, the Montreal bagel is smaller, thinner, sweeter and denser, with a larger hole, and is always baked in a wood-fired oven. It contains malt, egg, and no salt, and is boiled in honey-sweetened water before being baked."

In any event, we found them enjoyable, slightly more crisp (probably from the wood firing) and less chewy/bready than other bagels.  I had a standard BEC with egg whites and it was delicious and incredibly cheesy!  The cheese oozed from all directions and while it was a bit messy, the slightly crunchy bagel mixed with the gooey cheese was delicious.  I wish there was a bit more bacon though!

The restaurant itself was comfortable, with solid outdoor seating.  

They also sell booze!

Cons:

Prices were exorbitant!  A standard sandwich pushes 9 dollars and anything fancier is several dollars more.  Bagels themselves are $2 dollars each or a dozen for $18.  At least they didn't hold back on filling it up!

They also sell a mixed 6 pack for 18 dollars which is perhaps normal for the City (especially when other places charge by the beer and add them up) but a little high compared to the region (12-13 for a mixed six seems reasonable, IMHO).

Service was unspectacular and fueled by student-loaned stuff college students (poor kids) and patronized mostly by those who's parents pay the cost of attendance.  I understand the apathy.  

Conclusion:  Because it's so close to where we live (and on the way for our frequently Post office visits), we'll probably come back.  But for the price, it's only a once-in-a-while trip.  A 30-40 dollar breakfast for 2 (including coffees and tips) seems unsustainable.
The bagels are great. The service is shit. Ordered a chocolate chip bagel with cream cheese, that somehow turned into an onion bagel. 
Ordered 1/2 dozen cinnamon raisin to go. The server then started talking to someone in line behind us, even though she never even looked up or made eye contact. She then rang us up and then asked again what kind of bagels we wanted. 
You have one job and failed miserably. 

Let me add this was on a Saturday afternoon at 2:45 and this place was pretty empty.
Babel's were pretty good, but the cream cheese was just okay.  The cream cheese was too creamy and just too much. My daughter liked the bagel and just the egg whites, but the cheddar cheese was not good at all, but my daughter didn't even finish more than half because it was just yuck. Weird set up with bagels and a bar all in one too.
I just spent about $10 on an extremely subpar bagel, and as proud New Jerseyian, I feel personally offended. First, the bagel itself was a sad, sad disappointment. A proper bagel is fresh, warm, perfectly hard on the outside, but soft and squishy on the inside. This bagel was none of those things. It was dry, hard to bite into, and honestly kind of small. And without a proper bagel, what good is the filling??? Yes, the eggs and bacon were pretty damn good - but, hard to get to under that rock hard bagel. But to top it all of, why am I paying twice as much as I would at a small bagelry in Jersey or New York for a bagel with 1/4 of the quality? It's an outrage! Do better.
Bagels are good. Lattes are okay. About 8 staff were behind the counter talking bullshit with each other waiting to order. It's clear that it isn't obvious they shouldn't be having a conversation while customers are waiting. This place used to be run well.
The La Colombe bar is my favorite. I love that they have the Pure Black on tap and to me, this place is my way of getting La Colombe before studying without having to travel downtown. They also have a pretty cool happy hour with a wide selection of local beers. 

The bagels are okay, too overpriced for bagels in my opinion. Or maybe I just haven't ordered the right one? 

It is quite packed on the weekends and when it gets busy, the service is lacking. Learned that the hard way during my first visit there when I waited in line for 20 mins to just order that Pure Black. The cashier lady never called my order, then told me it's self serve. Almost paid $3.75 for a small cup of drip coffee -.-"
Spread is pretty close to where I live making it more convenient than some Center City options. I was waiting to try it but do not treat myself to a bagel and cream cheese often, so I was pretty excited when I finally stopped in. They have a large selection of options to choose from, but I found myself still wanting for things they do not have like jalapeños and capers. I went for an everything bagel with roasted garlic and veggie cream cheese. The cream cheese was good, it was light but the flavors of veggie and roasted garlic came through. The chunks of veggies were yummy. No complaints there, and the other options looked equally as fresh and flavor filled. The bagel itself was very underwhelming. If you were to tell me it was a few days old I would believe you entirely: it was hard and almost crumbly. There was plenty of cream cheese but it still managed to be dry because of the texture. I actually did not finish my bagel, which is something I would never do, but it was just not good enough to justify the calories (; 

I also got a coffee drink, it was okay, the same la Colombe they have everywhere else. I did like the craft beer selection. You can mix and match a six pack for $18, which is on the steep side for me, although I did splurge this time and was pleased enough with the selections to justify the cost as a once-in-a-long-while kind of thing. Overall I probably will not be back again, the bagel really killed it for me, and that's what it's all about!
Pretty delicious bagel - i got an everything with original cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, lox, capers, and onions. The bagels are recently wood fire toasted, so they're extremely fresh. The bagels had much more lox than I expected, which was a nice twist- most bagel places don't have enough.
The prices are a bit high, but you are paying for the quality.  These bagels are unique and taste great.  They are definitely among the best bagels in the city.
Ordered 2 bagels; a classic and burger.  I received the burger bagel after 15 minutes and waited another 5 for the classic bagel. The burger bagel came out raw, if not alive, and the classic was over spread and underwhelming. Both bagels were put together poorly and a complete mess to eat. Unacceptable especially when the total came to 23 dollars. Would not recommend.
What a wonderful experience!  As I was waiting for my classic bagel to be prepared the smell coming out of the wood burning oven already had my taste buds on fire. Once the woman at the cash register handed me my classic bagel that I got with nova lox and cream cheese I raced back to my place to eat it. I would highly recommend this bagel spot. The bagels are made with love and hard work and I hope you enjoy as much as I enjoyed my meal. I was here one other time for their special bbq night and man was that good. It's a great spot to even stop in and grab a beer!
The line moved fast and the store is nice, those were the high points. Spread Bagelry is the most expensive bagel place in town.  They charge premium pricing plus. Egg and cheese will set you back $7.50, $9 for a grilled cheese, I ordered a peanut butter and jelly bagel which runs almost $5.  It sucked, plain and simple.  It was around 12:30 pm and they were already out of cinnamon raisin bagels, which is strange since they make their own on site.  How they had zero cinnamon raisin but overflowing baskets of every other kind is odd to me.  Anyway, I ordered a PB & J on wheat bagel.  They call it "Peanut butter creme and Amish jam" so they can charge $4.50 for it.  The peanut butter creme tastes NOTHING like peanut butter, so if you are hoping for peanut butter this will be a major disappointment.  It's more like a brown gooey glue with no taste. The amish jam is flavored sugar.  The bagel itself was okay, chewy, and doughy, but with no crisp or crunch on the outside, all softee and squishy.  A frozen supermarket bagel with Skippy peanut butter and any 100% fruit jam would be 1000x better any day of the week.  I hope I can post pictures of the sloppy mess I was served.
The bagels are definitely good, and that is a rare find in Philadelphia. However the prices are a bit high, and the woman at the register tried to nickel and dime me when I told her they gave us lox spread instead of the pieces of lox that we ordered. She started digging through receipts to prove me wrong until a manager told her just to fix it. Afterwards, when she found the receipt, I saw she realized her mistake and didn't bother apologizing for it. 

In conclusion, if you want a great bagel there aren't many options in Philly. These are Montreal style bagels and they're delicious. Prices are a bit high, which is to be expected, considering the lack of better options. The atmosphere is better in University City, but the service was better in Center City.
Like mentioned before, convenience and location make this a good spot, but that's about all they're good for. 

I got an everything bagel with veggie garlic cream cheese. I love lots of cream cheese but I got wayyy too much. Enough cream cheese to ice a 10in cake. The bagel tasted like actual cardboard. It was dry and bitter. 

I paid around $5 for it...never again. The concept is great, bagels around the clock, that's awesome. The downright outrageous prices (for a fucking bagel? Are you kidding me bro?) and the poor quality quite literally left a bad taste in my mouth. 

Sorry Spread, I just bagel'd you.
When I heard about they have a "Montreal Bagels" I had to check it out if it's legit!! First of all I gave one star because I ordered 1 plain bagel with cream cheese and ordered a Carnegie bagel sandwich. I waited 35 minutes to get that! How hard to make a sandwich ??? I know that they just opened but still. Staff should have a better way at to make it more efficient and make it faster. The prices are outrageously pricey.

I have been to Montreal and tried Montreal style bagels. These bagels that they bake isn't even close enough to even call and say that it's Montreal Bagel. Montreal bagels suppose to Be chewy on the inside while there is crunch on the outside. I don't even taste the honey. I didn't even get a hot bagel smh. 

They don't have to advertise that it's Montreal Bagel if it's not really an original one or even the taste come close to it. Not worth my time to go out of my way to University City. Next time I'll stick to my South street bagels:(
Music levels are redonk. I usually try to escape outside to eat if I'm with a friend I want to talk to but they have a megaphone that goes outdoors as well. It's nearly impossible to think. 

The bagels themselves are crafted well, and I actually enjoy the fact that they're not as fluffy as an NYC bagel because it works well with the humongous stacks of ingredients that they tuck inside for their bagel sandwiches. They do a great job balancing lox, vegetables, and cream cheese. 

Expensive for a bagel place, so I don't come here often but am always sure I'll walk out with an awesome bagel sandwich.
Two years later ad this place is still frustrating. We just put in two orders of "The Cure" and ten minutes later they're like, "We are out of brisket." Lmao. AGAIN. This is not the first time they were out of stuff and do not tell you until much later.
visited twice.  Both time very bad service with attitude. Bagel was also very burnt but still served. Bad bad experience. You should try schmear it (food truck) instead. Way better
Crazy lines, ridiculous prices ($9 for a bagel, really?) and they often mess up my order. I asked for veggie cream cheese, paid extra for it, and got plain. Also their bagels aren't "the best ever". Prefer NY bagels any day of the week.
The service was horrendous. God forbid you order anything here, it would require too much effort their end actually to prepare a bagel for you. They are doing a huge favor for you by ordering a coffee from their bar. The sad part was that the bagels werent even good for them to be snotty. But maybe they will be good after you almost die from starvation and accept to eat dry bagels
The bagels here are really good and taste very fresh. it took a while to get my bagel but the bagels themselves were very good. also very cute and modern place
I live on top of Spread. I have frequented it many times, but everytime I go I feel a bit more disappointed and leave with a sour taste in my mouth and I think this was the last chance I am going to give it.  The girl working at the front desk was so rude! Made me feel dumb for requesting a certain kind of bacon on my bagel..and rolled her eyes. I then said thank you at the end after I got my bagel and she didn't even look up at me or acknowledge me! I was the only one in the store. I am done giving this place second chances. $6.00 for a bagel with just bacon and a rotten attitude..I'd rather get a bagel from wawa next door. AVOID.
Again an okay bagel with good chewy consistency but undersalted! I found the bagel bland and the cream cheese as well. $3.50 for a bagel w plain shmear and $4.50 for one with special shmear. Fresh squeezed OJ was delish!
Pros: nice outdoor seating in the morning, seating shared with Brooklyn brewery.
I vote them 1 star bc I couldn't vote it lower. Wrong call for my bagel after waiting 20 minutes.  Stuffs are chitchatting without paying attention to customer. Will not go again
I've never written a Yelp review but feel compelled to write one after repeated bad experiences here. Every time (each time convincing myself to give it another chance), I've encountered incredibly rude employees, mistaken and/or late orders, expensive prices and cold, mushy food. The two women who usually work the register will often ignore customers, instead standing behind the counter, eating their own food and chatting with each other. Each time they've acted curt and unfriendly. And the food...I've had both salads, several signature sandwiches, and all I can say is: just go to WaWa. It'll be cheaper and probably taste better!
I paid $9.00 for a bagel grilled cheese with tomatoes and bacon.  When I got back to my office and opened the sandwich, the cheese was not melted at all and there was no bacon.   My first reaction was to never go back there again.   However, I will just warn people to check their order before leaving the shop.  I will chalk this up to new place/new staff still in training.  I'm fairly certain I can get the same or similar sandwich next door at Wawa for half the price (and probably with the bacon on it).
The bagels themselves are great. (It's not easy to find a good bagel in Philadelphia.) But they cost $2.00 a piece, which is pretty pricey. I haven't even ventured into their sandwiches, because they are prohibitively expensive.

My main gripe was with the service. I know they only opened a week ago, but it was utter chaos in that store. The cashier was snippy at her best, and downright bitchy at her worst. And this was about a 30-second interaction. They were disorganized, and there was no flow to the work queue whatsoever. The fact that they screamed the names of the customers as their orders were ready was a little nerve-wracking. The fact that I had to repeat my order for a half-dozen bagels (5 sesame, 1 everything) four times before they got it right was ridiculous.

Luckily I don't eat much bread these days, so I'll only need to go in there for a bagel fix once in a blue moon. I really hope they get their act together, because they do have potential as a successful breakfast spot. They could use a customer service seminar, though, IMHO.
do NOT go there! Very poor food handling by the gross hungover dirty "cooks" who don't change their gloves, sneeze over food, and eat while making your $8.5-$14 bagel. The "manager" was walking around making to-go orders and touching the forks and coffee mouth piece with her bare, dirty hands! GROSS! Cashier was eating and cursing with the cooks while assisting customers. Bagels were soggy and disgusting quality eggs, bacon, and cheese. Save your money and time and stay away!!!!
As a Spread Rittenhouse regular, I have to say I am SO impressed with their University City location! 

This location is bright, open, and much larger than the original, leaving plenty of tables to grab both inside and out to eat with friends, or hole up and study.

The menu is the same as the original - montreal style bagels with a variety of unique spreads as well as egg and turkey sandwiches. I've had most of the menu items, but I'd say my favorites are the whole wheat everything bagels, veggie spread, and egg sandwich with bacon and amish jam. This location has the added bonus of the draft latte - sooo good!

Service is quick and friendly. No one minds if you spend a few minutes or a few hours in the shop reading/studying/hanging with friends. 

Overall, a reliable place to grab good food with friends or hole up and study.
This is not a New York Bagel. 
As a NYC transplant to Philly I am often homesick for "good" bagels. There are two spots right outside of Philadelphia that scratch that itch for me...but who wants to drive 30 min for a decent Bagel? 

Spread has been open for a while and I had heard mixed reviews. 
Well, color me delightfully surprised. This Montreal wood fired is a new kind of bagel for me. It is not shiny like NY bagels. And no, they don't have an egg everything Bagel (suggestion: please make an egg everything bagel)...but these bagels are GOOD. I'm gonna be so bold as to say best in Philadelphia. They aren't pretending to be anything but what they are.

I'm sweet on their lovely everything bagel with cream cheese (tip: ask for a little and you'll get a normal amount of cream cheese). Paired with some of their fresh squeezed juices or spot on coffee- and its perfection. 
The breakfast sandwiches are next on my radar. I hear excellent things!
The bagels were just ok  after having a bagel from Philly style bagels (which are the greatest bagels ever) nothing else can compare.  Spread bagels were light and airy but just tasted raw. The customer service was not there either ... the cashier was complaining because it was busy... hey I'm only here because Philly style was closed and I probably won't come back.
We've enjoyed Spread at Rittenhouse Square, so while we were in University City, we were excited to stop by here on a Saturday morning around 10 AM. There were just three people ahead of us which is a nice change from Rittenhouse on a weekend!! My husband placed his order, and as I started to place mine, the guy at the grill told the cashier person that our order would have to be the last until he could get caught up on the orders (there were probably ten people in line behind us at that point). The cashier stepped away from us, stood at the grill pulling orders off of the machine, turned around to us and said "sorry" and then stood at the grill. Just stood at the grill. A moment later when he turned around, we asked if he would be taking our order, and he said they needed to catch up and it'd be a while. We left and went to Cosi which was entirely disappointing compared to Spread, but what horrible service and NO communication! While I can't say I won't return to this location because I do love their bagels and La Columbe coffee, the management of this location needs to improve! If a bagel place can't keep up with demand on a Saturday morning, something needs to be addressed!
Overpriced and underwhelming. The bagels were super soft and nothing like the delicious Montreal style bagels I grew to love when I lived just outside Montreal on the US/Canada border. These bagels are way too soft on the outside. Plus they're horrendously overpriced- the bagels are rather small and paying 3.50 for a plain bagel with plain cream cheese ($1 to add a couple slices of cucumber?!) is silly. I'm so sad to write this because I've been looking forward to Spread opening for the last year- I may try it again after a few months to see if anything changes, but in the mean time I'll keep going to one of the other places nearby for my morning bagel.
I was hungry for a bagel one Sunday morning and decided to try out Spread. I ended up spending over $8 on a small lemonade and sesame bagel with onion and chive cream cheese ($8!!! That is not cheap!). The food was ready quickly, but the bagel was an absolute mess. The cream cheese overflowed on all sides and made the bagel difficult to eat. To be perfectly honest the bagel tasted very similar to what you get at Dunkin Donuts-- very doughy and very little flavor. I might as well have gotten plain cream cheese instead of paying the upcharge for a flavored cream cheese that tasted plain anyways. I won't be back.
You know that hipster bar with awesome drinks but a staff which is so horrible that you don't want to go back?  Spread is that for a bagel place.   The positives? The food was *awesome*.  Really good bagel sandwiches, fresh delicious bagels and a really interesting menu.  In fact I would say that my turkey, Apple and cheddar on a bagel was one of the best of that kind of sandwiches I have had.  

The bad? The service is horrid.  Not just kinda ignore you horrid but actually rude, scowling and make you feel like your bothering them horrid.  It started off like that on the initial order and then when we asked them to fix an order mistake it got even worse.  Sorry we distracted you from flirting with your manager - please do your job.  Unfortunately it seems like everyone working there acts like that to every customer so it's just not in their culture to be polite or helpful or even give a damn.   But - the food might be worth putting up with that for.
It's a shame because their bagels are pretty good. Their service is the main problem, as I had to stand for 15 minutes in a line that was 8 people long. When I eventually reached the cashier he moved incredibly slowly, reminding me of a sloth. I had to repeat my order three times and when I eventually got it, it was the wrong bagel with the wrong spread and seasoning. Never coming back
Underwhelming and way overpriced. I paid $11 for a grilled cheese bagel (only cheese and tomato) and a bottle of water! The bagel was burnt and honestly, kind of reminded me of a Dunkin Donuts bagel, plus there was barely any cheese on it. What did I even pay for?! I waited 22 minutes for that thing and had to ask if it was coming up after I watched people who got in line well after me, get their orders. The girl behind the counter gave me attitude and told me it was next up. Which it wasn't. So whatever. I shall not be going back.
First time visiting this place on a recent visit to philly. It was a Sunday at 12 noon and the line was out the door. The line moved soooo slow... it seems the iPad register system they use for transactions slowed the process big time! Once we placed our order the bagels took 5 mins. It's bagels, it shouldn't be that difficult people!! Anyway the bagels were delicious. lox were too salty though...
Recently went to Spread for a bagel with salmon cream cheese and it was all around bad. First, the cashier was eating at the counter and had cream cheese on her face. At one point, the cook even stopped preparing my food to get bacon for the cashier. And the worst part was the mountain of cream cheese on my bagel! Normally, I can just wipe half off but in this case it was so much it basically made the whole thing a wet mess! Just a really off putting experience
Finally, a bagel shop that gives you enough cream cheese! As a cream cheese lover, I always struggle to find a place where I don't need to ask for extra. In Philly, these are some of the best bagels you can get. I love their bagels, but be warned that they aren't your typical bagels if you're craving something more similar to a NY bagel. They are Montreal style, and definitely the closest I've gotten to a real Montreal bagel outside of Canada. The only negatives are that the service can be a little slow, and the bagels are quite pricey, a little over $3 for a bagel with cream cheese, and especially if you're getting a bagel sandwich, which can range from $7-12.
$14.58!!!!! for a bagel with smoked salmon, onions, and the tops of the tomato. I have never been so over charged in my life. The most I've paid for a bagel with cured salmon has never went over $9 and some change. The fact that you don't even get lettuce and capers made it even more unbelievable. Behind the counter is very unorganized. While waiting in line I thought it was just 2 workers, the cashier and person preparing the bagels just because how frantic they were moving (the casher was very nice and just doing his job). He had to stop ringing up to refill the coffee with a line of people. Nonchalantly walks out another worker, what she was there for i have  no clue and right after her was another worker. Im not sure why they were not out front the whole time but....
When I finally got a chance to eat the bagel i was disappointed, how it had no flavor blew my mind the flavors definitely weren't in sync. Ive had many different bagels and lox my favorite being the reading terminal but spread just wasn't it. Definitely getting a 1 star especially because you charge $14.58 for lox and bagel, when i noticed the price it was to late I definitely would not have purchased but i know next time pay attention before swiping!!!!
I was excited to try this place. I've been a west philly resident for over 20 years and I am eagerly awaiting a decent breakfast/brunch place since the original RX closed more than a few years ago. Plus, the outside porch? That seemed exciting!

I arrived and asked the cashier if it was, "seat yourself" or "wait to be seated". After a few seconds, she reluctantly looked at me after shuffling through her tickets and with a tired, irritated look she said, "This isn't a restaurant". Confused, I looked around and I think, noticing my confusion she said, "This isn't a restaurant, you sit where you want". So I sat myself in what I KNOW was a restaurant.

I read online that "Spread" was byov (vodka) for bloody mary's, but considered, afer noticing the full bar that the vodka option was for center city only. I again approached the, "it's-not-a-restaurant-cashier" and asked, "Is the bring your own vodka just for the center city location or for this location as well?" She said, "This IS the center city location." I said, "No. This is West Philly. This isn't center city." (I could say that with confidence. After all, it's the neighborhood I have been living in for over 25 years and I was sure I was getting it right) However, she was still adamant that we were not where I thought we were, but then it got even more confusing when she conflated the two and responded, "No. This is University City. This IS the center city location." (I'm not making this up). I then agreed to just go with the part that made sense and said, "Okay. this is the University City location. Is there an option for the bring your own vodka bloody marys?" That's when I looked for the hidden cameras because surely I was going to find out later that this was all a joke and my confusion was entertainment...because SHE said, "Yes. This IS the center city location." At this point, I knew I needed to talk to someone else so I approached the distracted bartender and asked if the vodka with bloody mary's was an option and he said, "No. that is only at our center city location." ("Who's on third?") Okay. But can I order a bloody mary? (At this point I felt like I just needed a straight shot of whiskey but I was determined to at least finish what I started.) It was at this point that he said, "I don't have any bloody mary mix". Okay. I have my answer. This is the center-city-university-city-west-philly location, which isn't a restaurant because I should find my own table with no option of bringing my own vodka and there is not bloody mary "mix" (isn't that guy a bartender who might be able to use fresh tomato juice and hot sauce to make his OWN?) so THERE WILL BE NO BLOODY MARY.  Okay. I bloody got it.

We ordered sandwiches. It's a bagel place, that is their menu.. but they were out of "everything BAGELS" so my friend got poppy seed. They were out of "garlic BAGELS" so I got whole wheat. My child ordered the roasted chicken BLT but it came without the bacon. (Just so you know, that would be an LT...) When I took the sandwich back to fix my order the cook took a strip of bacon from the griddle, tore it in half and placed it on the already made sandwich. Lovely.

The bagles were barely toasted and the sandwiches were cold. The chicken tasted like it was from the "already perdue roasted chicken" that you buy in a bag from supreme. And the cost to my sanity was high as well as the cost of the food. 

My suggestion: when in university city/west philly (NOT center city)  buy bagels from the food co-op, Mariposa and make your own sandwiches. Their bagels are delicious and you don't have to question, if asked, if you are in a restaurant or not.(You actually won't be. It's a co-op)

I won't be back to this place. It was not just a bad experience with bad food...it made my head spin.
These bagels (and sandwiches like the frittata scramble) are so damn delicious. 

Major drawback: the music is ridiculously loud near the tables. There are speakers right over your head, and the music typically isn't great. Even when it's good, it's too loud to relax and enjoy yourself with a sandwich and their delicious coffee. Definitely detracts from the place, and is loud enough for me to avoid it some mornings.
I don't understand why there's so many bad reviews. Spread is great! The bagels are $2 because they're house-made and the business is in a city. 

Came here around 1pm on a Wednesday and picked up a Standard sandwich with sausage, cheese and eggs on a sesame seed bagel along with three onion bagels. My mom loved the Standard sandwich. She said it was really good. The onion bagels were delicious! I toasted them at home and added my own toppings. They were fresh and soft. I will definitely be back to get more bagels.
Spotted a giant roach crawling across the coffee counter as I was putting sugar in my coffee. This is especially terrifying since all the bagels just sit out in the open. Given all the other reviews on here about cleanliness problems (including health department violations), I won't be returning.
Spread, I want(ed) to like you so badly, but it's just not working out between us. Fool me once, shame on me...fool me twice - not gonna happen. This place is robbery. $5 for a bagel with butter and jam? No way. The bagels are fine, but I prefer Chestnut St. any day over these.
Imagine, two dollars for one sorry "Montreal" bagel!  You would think they're airlifting them in from Montréal at that price!  I'm not saying it was bad ... it was simply different (lighter and less chewy) than what we're accustomed to here in Phila.  Thanks also to UPenn for keeping rents in the area at astronomical levels!
The bagel was decently but the service was bad and the prices exorbitant. Who charges the same amount for cream cheese on the bagel as they do the actual bagel?! Got the cinnamon raisin bagel ($2) with cream cheese (no price listed on menu) and a coffee. It came to $6. I asked how much the cream cheese was and the person said "it comes to $4.02". What?! 

Sitting down, I was like this better be the best cream cheese I've had in my life. Open my bagel and see that they've put a solid 3/4 cup of cream cheese on the thing. Im like, ok, maybe it's part of the experience. Bite into the bagel- nope. It's just way to much cream cheese. I took it off and still had a huge amount on my bagel. See the picture to see how much I took off. 

So ridiculous. Plus the cashier was rude. 

Don't waste your time or money.
There always seems to be a line here....That college student be flocking to anywhere new I guess! lol

Interior: Great! Bigger than I thought and spacious. The smell is amazing coming in and you don't feel crowded at all. The vibe is very chill

Service: Everyone seems new but knows what they are doing and are friendly enough to bring you your bagel if you sit down

Bagel: 
The Standard: Not really memorable. Tasted fine. But for around $7...? Not worth it
Roasted Garlic Veggie Cream Cheese: I love my bagels with a lot of cream cheese. But this was a lot a lot lol I felt bad taking some out that I had to put it in a small container. But this too was also not that great but tasted fine. And it was $4? Nah i'm good next time.

Overall: Philly just doesn't have good bagels lol
While the bagel that I got did not compare to the New York bagels I have grown up with, it was very tasty nonetheless. 

I got the Nova Scramble. Service was fast, there was a lot of egg/lox inside, and the bagel itself was not too bad. I do wish they had more salmon in the lox, as I did not taste it at all in my bagel. 

The prices are also much more than I am willing to pay for a bagel. The seating area and service is nice, though.
I would like to call myself a bagel expert , and Spread bagels did not make the cut. For one, they are pretty expensive, but I would be willing to pay if he bagels were good. The texture of the three different bagels (plain, cinnamon raisin, and cranberry or some type of berry) I tried were crumbly and cake like. Bagels should have some chew to them and these definitely didn't. I also tried one of their specials which was a bacon egg and cheese with a berry jam. It was supposed to be a play on sweet and savory, which in theory sounded good, but the jam was too sweet and very messy (made the bagel soggy). I won't be trying anything else here.

On the bright side the staff was friendly and they had fresh pressed juices which were good.
Slow service and sloppy bagel sandwiches. They used to always forget condiments on request which was an issue, but now there's an even bigger red flag -- they have a condiments station which is extremely unsanitary during COVID. High-touch area + food that requires your hands to eat it = a recipe for mass infection infection, especially if it's in such a popular location. 

I used to tolerate this place since it's in a convenient location despite the subpar service, but never again.
My experience at Spread was also quite average. The employees there were very friendly and helped me pick out a bagel breakfast sandwich. The bagels themselves had a good texture, but not quite as flavorful as I expected. And the sandwich with eggs and jam was weird...

However, the prices are crazy high for what it is - mediocre bagel sandwiches. No way it's worth $9-10 for a bagel sandwich, some of the best in NY are $5-6.
There was hair in the cream cheese when I unwrapped it and it got worse when I opened the bagel (they are cut in half) there was a small hair baked into it. Maybe I caught them on a bad day. It was a crazy busy morning with so many workers brushing past each other and sweating next to that open oven, so maybe that's why it was such a horrible bagel.
I have gotten from spread 3 times. the first i picked it up and it was the best sandwich ever.  i then got it delivered and it was cold, bacon wasn't as perfectly made, the eggs were not super fluffy like before.  i then tried one more time and picked it up and it was good, not great like the first time, but good. i probably wont get it delivered again, but 2/3 times pretty good!
I was pleasantly surprised with their brisket on onion garlic bagel. Coming from California, I didn't have anything to expect other than maybe an East coast styled place, whatever that means.

Cashier lady was a bit blunt, but does it matter these days unless you're hypersensitive to those things? Perhaps, but I was fine. 

The bagel was definitely satisfying! I could probably eat the onion bagel all day. Yum.
First impression: there is a line out the door, which is indicative of quality. Good start. After waiting 25 minutes for maybe 20 people in front me, I finally get to order. For me, too long. My friend said of the many times he has gone, he has never had to wait more than five minutes. So maybe I got unlucky.

The sandwich I ordered was on point. Like 5/5 in terms of flavor. 

tldr: long line; good flavor.
I had a dentist appointment nearby and was looking for my bank in the rain nearby when I stumbled onto this place! I saw that they had la colombe coffee as well as a good selection of bagels. I had whole wheat with their homemade garden veggie spread. Also hot bottomless la colombe coffee, which is their corsica roast, dark and smooth. Service was quick, bagel tasted good as well as coffee. They have ample seating indoors as well as outside. They have lunchtime sandwiches, la colombe cold draft drinks on tap, espresso machine for espresso drinks, as well as craft beers. I will come back for lunch. Glad to know i have bagel place in my neighborhood, not just work neighborhood (center city)...
They say you are what you eat.
Well, if that's true, then I'm at least 60% bagel with egg and cheese, for the amount of times I've started my weekend off with a bagel breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee. 

So, when I discovered a bagelry on campus, I was more than eager to give it a try. 

Nothing sounds better than starting off class with egg and cheese on a fresh-made bagel, right?

Wrong. 

For the price point, Spread did not do my beloved bagel sandwich justice. The bagel itself was hard and too chewy, and the egg/cheese combo was greasy and only half melted. Will just my sandwich clocking in above $10, I definitely wouldn't make Spread a habit, and would be hesitant to go back anytime soon with the much cheaper (and better quality) Dunkin' nearby.
