Yay! There's a new bagel place in town! 

Boo. It's way overpriced. 

When I arrived at Spread at 11am on Tuesday, the second day of its existence, there was a line of people out the door. As I got closer to the counter, I heard someone say that they were out of everything bagels. I saw that they offered whole wheat everything, and by the time it was my turn, I snagged the very last one. 

I requested low fat seasonal veggie cream cheese, which I knew was available because the board read "LF." Au contraire! The LF stood for locally farmed. There were no lowfat options available, but I still went for the seasonal veggie spread, and I added sliced tomatoes. My bagel, a cup of coffee, and a bottle of water came to the grand total of $10.80. That's more than I'm willing to spend on a take-out lunch. 

The bagel was tasty, and a little on the sweet side as I expected. I really liked the cream cheese, and I could taste the fresh red onions and radishes that were used to make it. The coffee was great, the seating area was very cute. Part of my money clearly went towards having some ambiance with my bagel. Oh yeah, and the air smelled like bacon, courtesy of the wood fire grill. That's always going into the pros column. 

Later that day, while shopping at Wegman's, I picked up four freshly baked bagels for .70¢ each, and a tub of homemade (lowfat!) veggie cream cheese for $3.51. I'll be breakfasting in the comfort of my own home for the rest of the week.

If you've got the dough to drop on tasty but overpriced bagels all the time, that's awesome. For moi, they'll have to be a once in a while treat.
I have my favorite bagel place in New York and I'm trying to find good bagels in Philly. Not impressed with this store - average tasting bagel. Their garlic bagel tasted burnt. The bagels don't look/taste fresh and I had a difficult time deciding if I received moldy bagels ...
I'm bumping up to four stars as a result of friendlier service, pitchers of water and bottomless coffee. Today I met a friend for lunch and ordered a whole wheat everything bagel with veggie cream cheese, tomato and bacon, plus a cup of coffee. The total was around ten bucks, which is still pretty expensive, but since it was lunch and not breakfast I didn't mind. There are now pitchers of ice water with lemon, which I'm happy to drink over paying for a bottle of water. 

My bagel sammie was absolutely delicious, and it came with slices of fresh cucumber on the side, which I then stuffed inside to add a little more crunch and flavor. Again, this isn't an every day type of place, but for a really tasty bagel and a cute place to have lunch, it's solid. Also, the wood burning oven smells like a campfire. Who doesn't love that?
50 dollar bagel;

I went to Spread at 11am in order to miss the morning rush. I parked up the street from Spread to check it out for the first time and put in money for 45 minutes (thinking this would be plenty of time to get a bagel).

Standing in line took about 15 minutes - fair enough. I ordered a bagel with lox cream cheese and a coffee. There was no where to stand to wait for your order. I had steaming hot coffee spilled down my arm by another guest while waiting because the place is too packed. Fair enough, accidents happen.

It ended up taking exactly 32 minutes for Spread to give me a bagel with cream cheese. I got back to my car to find a 42 dollar ticket. So the 8 dollar bagel+coffee and my 42 dollar ticket...50 dollar bagel.

The experience alone was so horrible I'd give it a 1/5, but really these bagels and spreads are also overrated (see picture). Get it together.
Can I give this place zero stars? I just returned with my nova special bagel ordered specifically without egg with egg on it. I watched the young lady at the counter write down my order without egg on the slip. I also ordered an iced coffee, total came to $10.80. 

As I was waiting, close to about 20/25 minutes, I observed numerous people after me, get their bagels, observed 3 gentlemen in the kitchen standing around doing nothing, and sipped on my extremely watered down iced coffee. 

Normally, I get that a place like this is busy on a Saturday brunch time. However, when I notice orders just being slopped up on the line in no particular order, I get upset. I know how a kitchen runs, I know in what order orders get taken. Twenty minutes for a bagel is insane. 

Fast forward to me now, my bagel with egg on it, no nova salmon spread, 3 measly slices of onion and a horrible looking tomato, I have a $8 bagel I can't eat. Thanks Spread, I'll never be back, and I'm starving.
Nearly there, but not quite.

As a Montreal gal, born and raised, I was thrilled, overjoyed at the prospect of having a Montreal Bagel place right here in Philly.  First poutine, now bagels... what's next? Montreal style smoked meat? One could only hope.

Anyhoo.  A true Montreal Style bagel is traditionally served with sesame seed (or poppy) so when I ordered a Montreal bagel I was told "They all were".  Mistake #1.

Next came the official tasting - the bagels were almost on point, the slight sweetness, and the consistency, almost there - but still the bagels themselves proved to be a bit too thick and the shape of the actual bagels not right .  In all, the total flavor profile? It fell a bit short.  Not bad, but not what I missed from the old country.

Lastly, the price tag!  Sweet mary and joseph- is this place expensive!  For two sandwiches and drinks - the total is nearly $30? A wee bit too rich for my blood.

Place is tiny, not much room to eat in, and no ice is offered with the bevvies, what gives?  Service is pleasant, but not entirely helpful.

All and all: a nice detour from the regular world of bagels, good stop for brunch, and a nice little insight (albeit a little inaccurate) into what Montreal bagels have got to offer.
I spread my wings and landed over in this Montreal style bagel joint. The inside is pretty neat, and I really enjoyed the freest aspect of everything. The wood fire takes over the entire store front and it's the first thing that hits you in the face. Very neat. The underwhelming part of this joint is the price and the mishap I had with my order. See below...

What I snagged:
-Whitefish everything bagel with all the fixings. (Bagel isn't better than any NY bagel, but it'll do. What wasn't great was the bone found in my white fish that got stuck between my teeth. I get it, it's fresh, but come on) 

Overall, cool experience, but not sure I'll be back. Pricing wise, the whitefish was a little steep. Roughly $12-13.
I absolutely agree with most of these reviews. I very much anticipated the opening of Spread because I love a good, quick, cheap breakfast and bagels usually fill that need. Not spread, it may be good but it's not cheap and it sure isn't quick.  The bagels are pretty good.  I like that they taste different then most bagels you find and being a bit smaller isn't that big of a deal to me.  The price however is.  I had that same confusion when I ordered a bagel with olive oil and garlic cream cheese from a local farm.  I thought it would be $3, but it was $2 for the bagel + $3 for the spread.  Then I ordered orange juice which was another $3 and watched them take a gallon of Tropicana and pour it into a cup.  It made me wonder about how their cream cheese.  Is it really even from a local farm?  At least try to fool me and have cups prepared before you open. There were maybe 4 tickets in front of mine and it took somewhere around 10 minutes to receive mine. And its true, they aren't friendly. I'm really hoping that they lower their prices, speed up and learn how to smile and treat their customers like guests because if not their going to close real quick.
I love this place! Bagels are oven roasted right in front of your eyes. You can smell the bagels while standing in the long line to get inside. Seating is limited. The line is long, but does move quickly. Yes, it can be pricey, but the portions are large. Definitely a stop to visit while you're in philly
Insanely overpriced. My sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich cost over $7!!! If I'm paying $7 for a breakfast sandwich, it better knock my socks off. I thought the sandwich was very underwhelming. The eggs lacked flavor and the bagel was hard and tasted too much like burnt garlic. You can get a much better breakfast sandwich (for $4 cheaper) down the street at Palm Tree Gourmet.

In college I worked right next door to a deli that (in my opinion) served the greatest bagels/breakfast sandwiches ever, so I may be holding this place to unfairly high standards. Regardless, I can't justify paying that much money for a mediocre sandwich. Not to mention this place is tiny and always so crowded.  I probably won't return.
Like the other reviewers I was anxiously awaiting the opening a new bagel place near where I live.  Unfortunately, after going once I will never be back.

I walked in on opening day and was met with an air of annoyance and ambivalence.  After studying the menu for 90 seconds, seemingly bothering the counter person in the process (there was no one else waiting to order), I ordered a plain bagel and a coffee.  The woman seemed slightly shocked I would order a plain bagel, but after seeing that it was going to cost $2, there was no way I was going to add anything to it.

The bagel itself was fine, certainly better than something from Dunkin' Donuts, but no better than a bagel from a place like Panera, and in no way worth $2.  I really think the proprietors of this place have no idea how much food costs at other restaurants.

In the end a combination of meh service, average food, and insanely high prices make this place a major disappointment.  Here's hoping they change in the coming months, or are replaced by a better bagel store.
I used to LOVE spread. Don't get me wrong, the bagels are delicious, but the customer service/staff is lacking. Everyone that works here is high on something and are super slowww and unattentive. Several times, I've ordered a toasted bagel and when I got home my bagel was not toasted. Spread is not cheap and I don't think it's too much to ask for my order to be prepared correctly.
I found Spread by taking a bagel making class with owners Joel and Larry. My mother is originally from Montreal, and I live in NYC- I have an affinity for bagels but really wanted to try the sweet, eggy Montreal style bagels I had had only a few times before. These are the best bagels I have ever had, and the loveliest shop! If you come here expecting a NEW YORK style bagel, you will be confused- it's like expecting Chicago pizza to taste like New York pizza. But these bagels are their own category! I like them with just cream cheese- they are so sweet that I think lox is a little strange with them. There is a reason the line is so long- it's like a Philly cultural event to wait in this line, complete with music and laughs. Get a coffee and wait in this fun line for 30 minutes with friends and then go into the best smelling bagel shop you will ever have the pleasure of entering.
Spread is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat in the city.  The other people who reviewed Spread negatively may have just experienced the growing pains of a newly established business.  These flaws are to be expected with a new business -- but the spread staff is really overcoming these growing pains and creating one of best places to visit in the city.

Here's my take on some of the negatives mentioned:
Do not let the long line deter you from waiting - It moves quickly and the bagels are worth the wait. 
The staff is extremely friendly and will always go out of their way to make you feel welcomed and make sure you're satisfied. If you're not, talk to them about it.
Their menu may be a bit more expensive than their competitors, but the food is worth it!!! The food is fresh and the LaColombe coffee is bottomless.
The environment is warm and welcoming. They offer free Internet, a good selection of music, outdoor entertainment, and there are always available seats to dine.

If you had a negative first experience, give it a second chance!
2.5 starts rounded to three

Best Philly bagels in my opinion. Funny, the sign in the window says Montreal style bagels (if that were true, this would be an easy 5 start rating). I am born and raised in Montreal and I can confirm that Spread Bagels DO NOT taste anything like Montreal bagels. Sure they are cooked in a similar fashion, but they are far to dense and not nearly sweet enough to be called a true Montreal bagel. Not even close. That said, still a good bagel outside of Montreal.

Sunday mornings tend to have a line into the store but it moves quickly. Get your bagel with home made spreads, bacon, egg and / or cheese. Makes for a solid meal (as mentioned, bagels are very dense). I usually get a few to go as well. I'm a purist so I stick with the Sesame option but they have a number of different flavors.

Great in the nice weather, enjoy your breakfast using the outdoor seating.

PS - try a "real" Montreal bagel when your actually in Montreal. 

BK.
After this place seemed to open and close a few times, I finally got to try it out and see what the fuss as all about. 

I had never had a Montreal style bagel before, and I don't think they're quite as good as a real New York bagel, but it's definitely worth the trip when you compare it to anything you have in your freezer, or Dunkin Donuts bagels, for that matter. 

The bagels are soft, fresh, and a little doughy tasting. Like everyone else, they do over-do the cream cheese in my opinion, so I always ask for it on the side. The cream cheese itself is fluffy, and a little addictive. 

The coffee is La Colombe, and it's delicious. It goes really well with an everything bagel and cream cheese. Maybe I'm just partial.

The place was packed and the line was out the door on a Sunday morning, but the owner was still friendly, and chatted with me briefly as he brushed busily by, asking how the coffee was (I sipped it while I waited for my toasted everything...with cream cheese...mmm). 

I haven't tried much here yet, but so far, so good. I can't say there was a go-to bagel shop anywhere near me before this place opened, so I guess this is my go-to now, so that says a lot.
First visit.

THE CLASSIC $12.00
Smoked Nova Salmon or Homemade Whitefish Salad, Cream Cheese, Vine Ripe Tomato and Onion
*opted for the smoked nova salmon, regular cream cheese and vine ripe tomato.
*bagel was a bit on the dry almost cake-y side, the tomato overpowered the salmon in both taste and texture and I think it was a beefsteak tomato versus a vine ripe tomato, cream cheese was ample but next time I would opt for the spring onion scallion or smoked nova salmon cream cheese instead
*also wish there was an option for capers for some much needed salt
The food is really good. Montreal style bagels FYI, NYC snobs. Look; I lived in New York and grew up on H&H. These bagels are differently made. Get over it. 

That's the good news. You'll notice the two stars which indicates that something is horribly wrong with a place if the food is good. I'm not as hung up on the price as others are here. You can go down the street and buy a three-day old piece of bread with a block of cream cheese on it for $2.50 if you really want. It's the wait. Wow do these guys need a systems design manager to come in and figure out a way to let the customers flow through. Increase counter size for making more sandwiches at one time, to start. Yikes is it slow, and no one should have to wait 20 minutes to get a bagel with cc. They've had their heads up their tuchus for a while with this, so I wouldn't expect it to change anytime soon.
UPDATED: Like a Phoenix.... Spread Bagelry is back after a short hiatus and re-tooling. 

Very happy that the prices are slightly smaller and bagels are slightly larger. Love the new attitude of the staff too. Great way to start the morning. 

In the week that it has been open I've stopped by three times. Great bagel and coffee to go. $6 is a little more than I would normally pay at an alternate Dunkin or Saxby stop  - but you can't argue that the bagel and coffee quality are 10x better. 

Wireless access and afternoon turkey club sandwich were exactly what I needed the other day  - although I would have been more happy with a can of diet coke... I don't get the appeal of 8oz of soda is a glass bottle. 

Wished I could have found a spot on Sunday  - but they were PACKED. As much as I would have loved to enjoy my brunch there with the new Vanity Fair - I actually felt guilty wanting to take up a whole table to myself.

Looking forward to this becoming another neighborhood routine.
C'mon,you could be a little more friendly- you just opened off Rittenhouse Square after many months of a sign in an empty store front.
We were waiting for you!!  Instead, y'all seem a little grumpy.


$2 bagel with $4 spread.   I need a little more lox to justify the $4 charge.

My friend ordered an $8 breakfast specialty sandwich.

When did bagels become haute cuisine?
This place makes INCREDIBLE breakfast sandwiches. My favorite is the tuna melt on an everything bagel! The best and worst thing though about Spread is that everything is made to order. This is great if you get here before 8am, but arrive much later, you'll be hanging out in a very long, slow moving line. Luckily, musicians frequently hang outside and play on the weekend provide, albeit limited, distraction.
True Life: I am addicted to Spread Bagelry. I did not know anything about Montreal Style bagels until Spread opened up in my neighborhood, but I've decided they're my favorite. 

My order is consistently a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on a toasted everything bagel. It is consistently delicious every time and worth every penny.

Spread is popular so a visit on the weekends could result in a longer than preferred wait time. My recommendation is to order ahead online! This option has never failed me. Sometimes I even opt for their delivery service because when I'm typically the most in the mood for a breakfast sandwich, I'm not feeling up for a walk to pick it up.

Definitely my favorite bagel spot in the city, without question!
now that i've been to montreal (and fairmount bagels) and feel like i can weigh in the the authenticity of the bagel, i'll give it a 'meh-plus'.
on the issue of authenticity, i'll give a albany... or maybe a burlington.  it's almost there, but not quite.  i love the fact that montreal style bagels are a bit sweeter and less dough-y than new york style ones, and these fall somewhere in between.  the cream cheese/spreads/sandwiches are not too shabby, but the pricing is new york-style.  

other little things.. the space is cramped.  it's not that small but feels that way.  on occasion, there appears to be too many staff in the area yet nothing seems to be going on.  and just because i can see you coming off of break, please wash your hands before you get back to work.  thanks.
I usually skip breakfast and not because I don't like it.  But once I had a taste of the oven-baked bagels at Spread Bagelry, passing up my first meal of the day has become a lot more difficult.

An everything bagel with scallion cream cheese spread topped a followup visit's nova lox spread on sesame.  The bagels themselves are flawless, crunchy and chewy. The seating, a long wooden banquette and a few bistro tables, in the back is rustic and inviting, but often very hot due to the large oven in the center of the store.

Prices are gouging - $13 for coffee, bagel and juice; $28 for two dozen takeaway bagels  - but I've never been one to complain about spending good dough on good dough.
Stupid amount of money. $25 for two bagel sandwiches and then you skimp on the lox? That is just bad business. I won't be back.
The fact that this establishment claims to resemble a Montreal bagelry is offensive.  While the fame of the Montreal Bagel has obviously trickled down the mighty Delaware, the mere fact of having a wood oven does not put this establishment anywhere near the rank of the legendary St. Viateur bagel (in Montreal), nor does it even put it close to the much inferior Fairmount bagel (also in Montreal)

The price is outlandish compared to St Viateur bagel price.  That would be a whopping $2 vs .35 cents (that is how much they were when I last lived there 4 years ago).  And the bagel tastes, looks, feels, and smells nothing like a Montreal bagel.  

Perhaps it is nice for the residents of Rittenhouse to have a bagelry, where one can sit, and have a nice sandwich.  And if I didn't know anything about a Montreal bagel, I would probably be glad about the opening of Spread.  BUT as one who has lived in Montreal, and feels fiercely patriotic about Canada, Montreal, and the Montreal bagel, I say that this place is a true sham.
Having lived in Montreal almost half my life, Montreal Style Bagels are definitely something that I missed when I moved to Philly, so I was super excited when I found out Spread was opening.

They're not exactly like the Montreal Bagels I miss, but they're pretty close, so I'll take it!

Also this place is just really cute and has great breakfast sandwiches and spreads!

A bit pricey, but worth it.
Scanned the code, placed my order, received text saying my order would take 25 minutes. I killed time and got back in time to catch my order. Nope. Instead they took the QR code sign off the sidewalk. Here's the failure: Not enough communication as to the fact they had been swamped, delaying orders. No text update to that effect. Had they communicated better, those waiting around would have been more sympathetic, easing tensions.

Not only were they very late with my order, but when I asked (Both in person and through the app) it be bagged separately, I had a bag tossed across the counter. Your bagel sandwiches are expensive. I'd appreciate politeness and courtesy regardless of your current activity level.

I snatched my bag off the counter and left knowing its going to be a long time before I buy from this establishment again. That's saying something because they're 2 blocks away and this isn't my first time ordering. The food is delicious. The service needs help in a few areas.
I heart bagels.

Yes, I've had New York bagels. And no, these aren't those. Yes, I've had Montreal bagels. And no, these aren't quite those, either.

But these are huge, warm, toasty, and satisfying.  The homemade cream cheeses are amazing. And they brew La Colombe.

The wait isn't awesome, but it wasn't as bad as expected (20 minutes on a beautiful sunny Saturday). That's probably the only thing that wasn't great about this place.

I heart Spread.
Spread. It just sounds dirty, doesn't it??

But I love the idea of wood fired bagels. I kinda consider everything to be better when they're wood fired. Everything off the menu sounded scrumptious. I went with the Nova Scramble so I could get all the good stuff: eggs, tomato, salmon and salmon cream cheese (!!). 

It was tasty, but I think it could have had a tad more flavor. I didn't taste the wood fired part of the bagel enough. I have no clue what that would take to make it more "wood fired" but it tasted more toasted than anything else. Which is maybe just what that does...??

I loved the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and the whole ambiance - live music outside on a lovely Sunday morning. The line was long (for a Sunday am) but moved very quickly. I'd absolutely come back, as I think it's quality breakfast fare that's fast and easy!
The bagel was OK, not worth the price, but the coffee was not hot and the workers are rude and unfriendly!  The cashier was texting and inattentive. At least say Good Morning!
When I left New York City for Philadelphia, I thought I was leaving behind delicious bagels. While Spread Bagelry doesn't quite live up to the best bagel shops of New York City, it is a decent option that pleasantly surprised me. I've enjoyed the plain, everything, sesame, and whole wheat everything bagels as well as the scallion cream cheese.

If you're looking for bagels in the Rittenhouse area, Spread Bagelry does the job.
The bagels are freshly made in the oven and come out hot and fresh! Yum! I would say the bagels are a bit thinner than typical but still delicious. They don't cheap out on the filling weather it's a breakfast sandwich or cream cheese or butter. The service is very welcoming and polite and it's definitely a great place to pick up a quick bite or to hang out for breakfast.
I will no longer come here until this issue is rectified. Spread management owes its employees more than $186,000 in unpaid overtime fees. 
PAY YOUR EMPLOYEES FAIRLY YOU SCOUNDRELS
"It tastes stale. On purpose," was the perfect response to "Do you like it?"

Montreal-style bagels are horrible. They are so horrible that they need to come with the warning that "Montreal Style" before the word bagel serves. I wish I would have realized that. I wish I could have my Sunday breakfast to do over.

They were unfortunately crumbly. The onion and whole wheat everything's flavors seemed off to me as well. They just kind of started disintegrating in my mouth upon first bite. I honestly thought that they were disgusting. Now, I remember why I never came back after I grabbed one to go last year. 

Where was the cream cheese? Oh. That's right. It's not cream cheese, it's spread. And was applied as such. 

I still can't believe the price of the bagel. There was absolutely nothing to it that would justify the $11 price of a bagel with a swipe of spread, a tomato slice, and single thin shaving of lox. My boyfriend didn't even eat the bagel or tomato. He picked the single piece of Lox off of it and ate that.

I really wanted to ask if I happened to get an off batch or something--but judging by the line- apparently it was just me. I decided I would do the polite thing--just not go back--but I couldn't help but write this review. 

I had egg whites, turkey bacon etc. To their credit the egg whites were cooked very light and fluffy...but the bagel couldn't hold up to it. It really could not hold my sandwich together. 

I really wanted to love this place. Especially since they have La Columbe. I hope they make better use of the wood oven with a pizza place.
Tasty bagels and spreads, but kind of on the expensive side. Paid around $4 for an onion bagel with roasted vegetable spread-- enjoyed the meal thoroughly but wish the bagel was bigger and wish it was slightly cheaper.

Definitely tasty though!
A delicious bagel-it lacked the chewiness I usually crave, but it was warm and soft. The everything bagel was well seasoned with seeds on both sides. The garlic veggie cream cheese was under salted and under seasoned. Either way, it's insane to pay $4.50 for a single bagel+spread, unless it's the best bagel of your life! (And this was not!)
The build up was more than I could stand. After reading ad nauseum about the superiority of Montreal Bagels over New York's, I just had to find a way to get to Mile End in Brooklyn to see what the fuss was about.  But family life being what it is, a trip to King's county for doughnut shaped bread wasn't going to happen any time soon.  So imagine my excitement when word about Spread Bagelry started to, well, spread.  It grew even more frantic when the fire closed the store for months the day after it opened.  Now finally re-opened, I was ready to have my bagel lust sated.  Except it tasted like burnt ordinary rolls.  

Mind you I gave it every chance that I could afford.  At $2 per bagel and about $10 for a sandwich it would be easy to break the bank.  I got the classic, a bagel of your choice with amish cream cheese, red onions, a thick slice of heirloom tomato and smoked salmon.  The Amish cream cheese was delish (nicely tart and so velvety), but it  was no smear.  More a overpowering than a contrast to make the smoked nova salmon shine.  Even the lovely heirlooms and red onions could not hold back the out of balance flavor of the cheese.  But the real star should have been the everything bagel that enveloped it.  It was overly burnt and dry.  Nothing like the dense and chewy dough and lightly crisp crust of H&H and Ess-A-Bagel in Manhatten.  With the exception of the smoky taste and slightly sweetened crust from the honey water, these bagels were not exceptional.  But for a real baseline, I also tried a raisin bagel, plain.  It too was overly burnt and dry.  I finished it, feeling guilty for spending $2 for a piece of bread.

The cup of La Colombe was lovely.

I will try again, if only for my optimism.  I love artisanal concepts.  But you still have to execute.
I was passing through Philly to meet my family and a friend recommended Spread to us.  I had a breakfast sandwich that had mushrooms and a few other vegetables.  The line was out the door, but moved very quickly.  The bagel was a bit dry, but other than that the sandwich was great!  I would definitely go back!
I'm surprised Spread has a low 3 stars. I guess only because the prices are so expensive.  But seriously some of the best bagels I've ever eaten.  Not sure if it's a special recipe in the dough, or that they wood-fire the bagels which is pretty unique, but holy hell the bagels are delicious. 

My salmon scramble (nova lox, cream cheese, egg, salmon, tomatoes, onion) was so tasty both times I've ordered it.  A little light on the salmon second time around, but plenty of cream cheese.  I've tried a few other of their sandwiches, one had a delicious jam spread on it with egg and Canadian bacon.  Very unique and good!

Love this place, but $8-9 for a bagel sandwich is definitely hefty, and avoid on weekends after 11am cause the line is out the door down the sidewalk.  Damn good bagels though!
Today was the last time I visit this Spread!

The woman working the register is extremely rude and inconsiderate!  It's always like pulling teeth to get an order....almost like Spread is doing us a favor.  

Today, a couple walked into Spread in front of us and then we followed them.  We were all waiting to order for about 5 minutes.  The gentlemen behind the counter making sandwiches called out to the woman in the back (she was in the back of the establishment for the moment) to say that there were customers.  She responded, "I'm only taking online orders."  She never even came to the front of the store to let us know.

If Spread only took online orders, that would be fine.  But, we have come several times and ordered at the register several times.  The only thing that remains consistent is the rudeness of the woman at the register.  

Never again!
First experience with a Montreal style bagel but wasn't a fan.  Being from New York I like my bagels soft and chewy.  These bagels had a less dense, bread like texture and were very dry.  A bit sweeter than your normal bagel and the wood fire caused them to be a bit darkened and crisp on the outside, not bad but not great. Two bacon and egg sandwiches with coffee ran a bit over $20 which for bagels is pricey. 
Also ate in the restaurant back area.  Air vent looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years.  Maybe the smoke from the wood grill made it looked more dirty than it was but through the sunlight you could see large chunks of dust being blown into the air.  They also have these decorative metal watering cans in the back area which are caked in dust. If they leave it that dirty where the customers can see makes me wonder how dirty the kitchen might be.
The bagel was fine. It was not quite like the bagels I have had in Montreal, but it was OK. The space is cute though, so I will them that. That said, I had a bagel with the lox cream cheese spread and a coffee, which rang up to 8.63, for coffee and a bagel. I thought there was a miscalculation, but then the owner informed me that the spread, 4.00, was in addition to the bagel, 2.00. This was however not clear from the menu. 

When I gave a look of confusion, the cashier, who had obviously gotten this before, gruffly told me, "Don't worry, you'll like it, we give you a lot of cream cheese."  This was not the case. There was a measly little schmear. Better places in NY or Montreal would charge about 2-3 dollars less and give you a healthy amount of cream cheese. I would love to rate this place higher, but the pricing seems a little deceptive and way out of line for what they are offering, and the service was not a little abrupt and not friendly.
I was conflicted.  My girlfriend's parents from Montreal were in town and I thought I should take them to Spread - get them a taste of home.  I then thought, wait a minute, if I was in Montreal, I would have no interest in getting a cheesesteak. A friend from work had the opposite opinion - "I'd want to see what Canadians did to a cheesesteak."

I've been to Montreal many times and have had many Montreal bagels. Spread's bagels seemed to be a hybrid of Montreal and NY style bagels (a little puffier than the typical very thin sweet Montreal bagels), but this is by no means a negative.  For me it was a great combination of the two - I think Montreal bagels are too thin and NY bagels too puffy.  

The Montrealers agreed.  They did ask the owner about the thickness of the bagels and he claimed that due to the heat and humidity they couldn't prevent the yeast from doing its thing.  I will have no problem if this issue persists.  

We all got bagel sandwiches with lox or whitefish.  They were big sandwiches with very good fish. I will be returning.
I wanted to review this place when I went on the 2nd (of May), but the yelp page wasn't set up yet...

Things I loved:
- Got the club breakfast sammich and it was SUPER Duper tasty. The insides were great and the texture/flavor/style of the bagel was perfect for such an endeavor. 

-Super sweet and cute interior, very comfy!

Things I Didn't Love:
- Said over and over again by other reviewers... The people/service was just awful. The lady behind the counter looked frazzled and confused, and they didn't seem to know what to do with a business. Someone offered to help her, one of the servers, and got snapped at. A new customer joined our long line and asked if everyone had gotten served and got semi-yelled at to wait?  

- The price? I got a sandwich and that was a reasonable price for the amount of stuff packed on it, but the bagels themselves were $2 each. If it's too expensive are ppl going to keep going? And a soda was $2, but it was not a very big soda... and yes, glass bottle coke, very nice, but I would like more coke please.

4 stars for deliciousness, minus one star for service . :(
The bagels are okay but the service needs improvement. As other yelpers have noted, the wait for bagels and sandwiches is exceptionally long. They could easily do what many take out places do and use iPads to take orders when the line piles up. 

I like the fresh baked brick oven bagel concept and there are so few bagel places in the city but this one is not worth the wait.
Okay, Spread. Here's the thing. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

I visited during the initial opening and was surprised, as many of the other reviews go on to detail, to find slim pickins and a less-than-friendly staff. Seriously, we were shelling out close to $25 for two bagel sandwiches and were treated like a nuisance. 

Went again today after the grand reopening. Prices were lowered, which was nice to see, and everyone was so FRIENDLY. Smiling! Engaging! Asking people if they liked their food! Perhaps the owners have Yelp accounts? The menu's changed a little bit, too. The nova cream cheese sandwich has been upgraded to a nova AND cream cheese sandwich. Bagels with cream cheese are now $3 as opposed to $2 for the bagel and $2 for the spread. My nova sandwich had a TON of salmon on it, but... it still wasn't the most delicious thing I've ever tasted. The tuna melt was much yummier, and the halves were melted & wrapped separately, which maximized said yumminess. 

The wait for the sandwiches was the straw that broke this camel's back. I've been to bagel joints with less staff and a GIANT menu that delivered quality results at a fraction of the time. They were also out of everything except everything bagels in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. Maybe we were tailing the rush? Maybe they were playing catch-up? 

Either way, two times is enough for me and Spread. I appreciate the work that's been put into improvements during the downtime, but it seems like Spread isn't my cup of tea.
Some of the best bagels around Rittenhouse, but UNBELIEVABLY slow. My first time here was two weeks ago on a Tuesday morning; I ordered a bacon egg and cheese on an everything - and even though there was no line - it still took like 10-15 to prepare. This morning (Sunday) we stopped by for the same, and had to wait 45 minutes from time of ordering for a breakfast sandwich (after waiting in line for 20 minutes). In the course of waiting, more than a dozen who came in after us got their orders. 

It makes no sense that a bagel place can't handle a Sunday brunch rush. The servers were friendly and the food good, but they are woefully disorganized from a production standpoint. And expensive on top of that! ($17 for two iced coffees and egg sandwiches - that's more than Manhattan!)

I won't be back for awhile, but next time I am I sincerely hope they've improved their service and production.
Every day for the past many months, I've sat on my front steps with my dog and stared longingly at Spread Bagelry and the slooooooooow construction process.  Today it finally opened!!

Typical "spread" of Montreal-style bagels, homemade cream cheeses, bagel sandwiches, La Columbe coffee, and the like.  They have bagel melts of the day - today was tomato and gruyere, which it looked good but I opted for a whole wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese and a coffee to go.  

The slightly sweet bagel was a touch crispy on the outside with a soft, chewy inside.  Homemade veggie cream cheese had celery, onions, tomatoes and maybe some other unidentifiable veggies mixed in.  Mmmm so good!

The only issue I have with Spread is that it's expensive, even for Rittenhouse.  $5 for a bagel with cream cheese??  Give me a break.  At least the coffee is decently priced at $2.  The boyfriend got 8 bagels for his office, and apparently they don't have tub-sized cream cheeses yet... so he had to pay PER cream cheese.  $39 later, he was NOT happy.

I will be back, but only if I'm feeling spendy!
I too have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Spread.  I am THRILLED to finally have a solution to the problem that is the overwhelming dearth of quick breakfast food options in center city.

I love the interior.  It is also a lovely place to sit an enjoy your breakfast, not just take something to go.  

I got an everything bagel with cream cheese.  I thought it was delicious.  I will say, the coffee was not my favorite, this has some room for improvement.

Contrary to the other reviews, I thought the staff was lovely.  (I also don't think the pricing is outrageous; when I go to manhattan bagel I spend the same amount, and lets be honest, who really wants to go to manhattan bagel). I will definitely be returning!
I've been walking by this place for months waiting for it to open and it finally has.  I just grabbed a whole wheat everything bagel to go with cream cheese.  The price is a little steep ($4), but this is a freshly baked bagel, so I think you get what you pay for.  The spices were on both sides of the bread which is nice, because a lot of places just put them on the top.  The texture of the bagel is great, crispy outside, soft inside.  I'm usually a Philadelphia cream cheese only person, but the local farm cream cheese is solid.

They are open all day, and have breakfast and lunch sandwiches.  I don't think I could eat here every day, but it will be a nice treat when I'm craving a good bagel.
I haven't been to a lot of bagel places in the city, so I don't have a lot to compare to, but I will say that Spread set the bar pretty high so far!  I was craving a breakfast sandwich and thought I might make it a little heartier by getting a bagel one specifically which led to searching for a solid bagel place nearby me.  Spread has a really impressive selection of all kinds of bagel sandwiches, and so their menu got me hooked initially.  I'm so glad I ordered from here - the kinds of bagels they have is also pretty varied too.  

I got The Club on a sesame bagel (turkey, cheddar, bacon, apple, and honey mustard mayo) and my partner got the Carnegie Breakfast (pastrami, eggs, provolone) on an everything bagel.  The bagels were nicely toasted and were stuffed to the brim - we were both really happy with our orders.  Everything was really delicious, the meats were good and the cheese was melty, and the combination overall was just delicious.  We also ordered whitefish on the side to go, and another time carried out a half dozen bagels with their scallion cream cheese and were super happy with this as well.  Their cream cheese spread selection is great and also just so delicious and has a unique whipped kind of texture to it.

During COVID they make it easy to order takeout - you can walk up or do online and take it to go.

Next time you need bagel sandwiches or just a bagel order, I would definitely recommend Spread.
Here opening day as well. Was looking forward to this opening for months, only to be disappointed. Don't get me wrong - I think the "Montreal-style" sesame bagel may have been one of the best bagels I've ever had - just as those in the know of Montreal bagels have suggested - good flavor, great texture, small, and just somehow better than the traditional NY bagel. 

BUT - Prices are OUTRAGEOUS. Woman ringing me up said $7 something, and I said, no that's not right, I just got a bagel and a coffee, and she said nope - that's right - $2 for a bagel, $3 ADDITIONAL for the butter/jam, and $2 for the coffee + tax. So truly over $7 for a bagel + coffee. With cream-cheese, would have been a dollar or two more!

Breakfast sandwiches are $8 (each, not for a pair). Whitefish and other "lunch" sandwiches are $11-$13.

So - crazy prices overall, and sadly, after waiting for months, I'm not in a position to frequent a place for a $7 bagel + coffee.

Finally (and this may just be opening day issues) - but the counter person (possibly wife of owner? or other family member) - was just not getting it -- looking back at the menu to check prices on each order she rung up (creating a line out the door) + also a little bit rude. This I'll cough up to opening day jitters (you'd hope on opening day, people would be friendly than usual, but not in this case). The guy making the bagels (owner), did seem friendly and overworked -- hopefully he'll be the front-man in the future.

In any case - great bagel, crazy prices. Rating reflects food, service, and in this case - the disappointingly and ridiculously expensive prices.
My favorite breakfast sandwich in the city. 

Idk what to say other than I taste the TLC that's put into every sandwich. The bagels are on point every time. Eggs are cooked to perfection. Turkey bacon, pork bacon, or Canadian bacon, they have it all! 

If a legit sandwich was not enough they have La Colombe coffee as well. This place literally never disappoints. 

The line can be a little long at times but just be ready for that, it's well worth the wait. :-)
A premium price for a sloppy mess! 

I ordered avocado toast for me and my girlfriend. We were shocked when we opened the box. "Where is the avocado?" The bagels were carelessly topped with ingredients sliding off the side or down the middle whole. It was just sad! The surface of bagel was stained green by a few lonely avocado molecules. Without exaggeration I can say that it was the worst attempt at avocado toast I've ever seen (and I've seen many). 

Also, the coffee we ordered was weak and cold. We asked them to make it for us again and the woman made us coffee from the exact same coffee machine as before. To no one's surprise, it was the exact same experience. She then tried to convince us that the coffee was in fact hot, despite it clearly not being hot.

We requested a full refund, then we went around the corner to Ultimo where we were able to get coffee that was actually hot (and strong). 

I was told that the manager of Spread will be contacting me by the end of the day. Needless to say, I would never recommend this place, nor would I ever return.
Only come here if you have nowhere to be. The wait is at least 30 minutes for a bagel sandwich. The bagels are good, but not worth the wait. The sandwiches are overpriced and not particularly anything you couldn't do at home. My recommendation is to buy a bag of bagels to go, go to a deli and buy eggs and bacon, and make the sandwiches at home. You'll be done faster.
Wow. First of all, we did not know this was their opening day, but now that we know, it totally makes sense. 

Docked a star for a ridiculous wait. They were sooo slow. Waited fifteen minutes for just a sliced bagel, which was cold, even though we asked for it toasted, but believed the register lady when she said " are you sure you want it toasted, they are fresh from the oven?" They were not.  They were pulling bagels fresh from the oven, but those were not used for our order.  Another docked star for that and other semi rude remarks we witnessed from that same girl.  

When we did get the bagel, it was pretty good.  Though, not nearly as good as the ones we have tried in Montreal at one third the price.  Here, a bagel with scallion cream cheese is 5 bucks!

Overall they were VERY disorganized and should have trained their employees better.  I think we saw the owner ther, and he didn't seem very concerned with the lack of customer service skills his employees were demonstrating.  

If executed better at half cost would be 4 stars.

Oh, and Cates review is obviously fake.  Yelp will probably filter it
It's better than A-OK, but not quite I'm-A-Fan levels.

You wait in line outside and inside, watch them pull fresh bagels straight from the oven (NOM!), and get what are pretty decent if slightly pricey bagels and bagel sandwiches.

I'm not quite sure what a Montreal-style bagel is, but at least in toasted Carnegie deli sandwich form, it was a tad more dry than what I'm used to, with pastrami that was, again, a bit overcooked and hence a little dry.

I suspect a regular bagel here with cream cheese may be the way to go, but the line and the price both are just high enough to give me pause, based on our experience so far...
Worst Bagel experience of my life!!!  We ordered 4 things.  3 bacon egg and cheese sandwiches and a bagel with cream cheese.  One "sandwich" has nothing on it.  Just a bagel in tin foil.  The other 2 sandwiches do not have cheese and the bacon is way undercooked.  The only thing you got right was the bagel with cream cheese.  These sandwiches are dry and nasty.  We just moved a block away and you could have been our go to for bagels.  Not a chance now.  Gross!
Whole wheat everything?! The bagel gods have answered my prayers.

My go-to is the frittata scramble sammy on a whole wheat everything bagel. Eggs, chedda, bacon, tomato and amish jam~ salty and sweet for the win. I always order a side of plain cream cheese and reserve half of the bagel for dipping purposes. Best of both worlds. This sandwich is amazeballs BUT the bacon is never as satisfyingly crispy as I hope, even when I've requested this specifically. Oh well, still delish. 

They also do these fun half-bagel melts for a couple bucks. I've had the french toast melt and the gruyere/tomato melt. All da yumz.

These are by no means the cheapest bagels to be found in the city, but they are damn good. Lil babe of a place so it does get kinda crazy crowded. For this reason, I prefer to call ahead and take my sammy to go.
Really awesome Montreal style bagels. 

Really instagrammable display case. 

Great service if you don't come at busy hours.

Heavenly cream cheese.

Cute seating.

Great location.

On the other hand, if they are slammed, the service is way way too slow and they make your meal subpar. So I highly recommend going off hours.

When you have food this good nearby, you need to get over the hurdles and figure out how to eat it.

Horrendously under-reviewed on Yelp. These bagels fresh are heaven. They are their own style and a geat

Update: docking one star because they regularly have poor service in terms of randomly not making bagels, or over cooking eggs, or under cream cheesing.
Really cool place with fresh bagels made in a clay oven. Service is very slow- took them 20 minutes to make 2 bagels. Food was good but very expensive! 

Nothing to write home about.
Went here Sunday to try out the Montreal bagels that have gotten some good press.  I had an everything bagel with nova and scallion cream cheese, along with tomato and onion.  I don't treat myself to bagels very often. This was a fantastic product. Bagel had incredible texture. It was chewy and delicious. Lox was good, not great but no complaints!  They served this with a small cup of cucumber salad that was dressed perfectly and nice and crunchy.  They also serve La Columbe coffee. Sat outside and enjoyed the bagel and the great weather.  Nice (but tight) space inside with indoor seating. Owner and staff were friendly. Egg sandwiches as well which I will try next time.
A good spot!
In a word, a clusterf-ck. At least last Sunday around 1pm. No line to order, paid, and then waited 30 MINUTES!!! - I kid you not for two to go sandwiches. The bottleneck was clearly with the cooks who seemed as if they were not experienced or efficient at all. To make matters worse, they started serving ppl who walked in 20 min after most of us waiting (1 sandwich as opposed to 2!), which is flat out UNACCEPTABLE. (Mgmt was basically non-existent which is also really bizarre.) Oh and truly lame was the fact that after I finally spoke up (we were all being way too polite), one of the cooks turned around and got an attitude with me - WHAT?! Dude, I do not sympathize with overly successful businesses. Get your act together! Figure out how to handle demand or notify customers in advance.
I had meant to write this review four days ago - but the fire there this morning reminded me to do it.  ( I also hope that they take this opportunity to review some of the comments and emerge from the ashes a better bagel place!)

I live a block away and like most of the other posters have been awaiting the opening of Spread for a year. I envisioned morning walks to work to get coffee...become a regular...get to know the owners...all that dashed  on day one. 

I went in on Monday  - opening day 8:45am  - to get my first Montreal bagel. I was shocked at the chalkboard pricing. A bagel sandwich for $11? After complete chaos at the counter (no clear lines, rude staff, long wait) I ordered a bagel with farm fresh butter and jam.  $4 - which anywhere else would likely have also included coffee. 

I walked out with my bagel and couldn't resist opening the bag to take a bite on my way to the office - I nearly stopped in my tracks with disappointment. The bagel was on the smallish side - a little tough - cold - and had an unavoidable charred taste. Worse was that since it wasn't toasted or even warm the butter was in huge chunks of un-meltedness.  Waiting until I got to the office didn't make the bagel any better. 

While I hope no one was hurt this morning in the fire - and the 2nd and 3rd floor residents aren't displaced for long - I think this may provide owners with a chance to reevaluate the opening and the feedback from the neighborhood. 

I hope to give them a second chance in the future.
Caveat: proud, Jewish Long Islander reviewing bagels of Philly.

The atmosphere when you walk in says you are about to have an awesome bagel experience but it really falls short. The portions are pathetic for the price. Bagels at a place like this should be stacked.

The selection is great as far as the specialty sandwiches but they sound a lot more interesting than they fare. 

The bagel/creamcheese/lox was really sad. 

I can never go back here willingly.
I love bagels just as much as the next gal and with Spread being approximately 147 steps from my front door, I was excited that I'd be able to frequent it with little effort. 

The line is almost always out the door on a Saturday and Sunday morning, enough for the owners to hire live music to keep crowd entertained. In my opinion the bagels are good- but not that good. They are smaller than the usual bagels you might find at the chain places and they are more expensive. I get that the wood-fired oven takes more time and they are special, but they are just ok. My go-to is the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese, dining buddy usually gets the lox. Whenever we stop by it's for convenience rather than taste.
If you have never had a NY bagel these bagels might have been ok. But after living in NY for a year and eating phenomenal bagels I was really dissapointed. One, the bagels are really doughy, dry, and tasteless. Two, the sandwiches were dry and flavorless. Three, the eggs, oh the eggs, were absolutely tasteless!!!! I don't think any salt was added. And these bagels where more expensive than the ones I got in NYC! How can anything be more expensive than NYC prices?!

The back area is also not very clean and there was a long line. The only redeeming quality was that there was bottomless La Colombe coffee. 

I will not be visiting again. If you like NY bagels which are much more flavorfull, check out knead bagels. They are the closest to NY bagels. It's just a much further walk from my neighborhood.
Overpriced and overrated. Nothing special to warrant a $2 price tag for one bagel. You gotta be kidding me.
Spread has undeniably good bagels. It's fresh, has a great bite, and is so delicious when paired with their many homemade spreads (the jalapeno spread is the bomb!). 

That said, I think that their sandwiches are slightly overpriced and their service is lacking. We went on a Sunday morning, slightly before 10. The encounter I had with the cashier was not the most pleasant. I get that serving a seemingly never ending line of customers may often get stressful, but that's part of the pressures of the job. Her indifferent and eye-rolling demeanor truly made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcomed. I'd come back to Spread for the bagels, but most definitely not for service.
I love the charm and character of independent local businesses.  What drives me crazy, though, is when that independent nature also comes with massive inconsistency.  I've had great bagels from Spread, and awesome bagels from Spread.  I stayed away for a while because of the prices and the lines, but gave them another shot this past weekend.  Had a whole-wheat everything with a healthy dollop of Amish Farm Cream Cheese, and it made for a fantastic breakfast in Rittenhouse Square.  It was a bit less toasted than I would normally prefer, but still really tasty.  Went back this morning for the same thing, only to get home and find a charred bagel with a modicum of cream cheese on only half the bagel.  The result was dry, smoky, and a waste.  I'm willing to pay the higher-than-average prices if I know I'm going to get something great.  I just don't have that confidence here.
Usually when I say "I'm from North Jersey" Philadelphians stop listening to me-- but people, I'm from New Jersey and am good at two food related things due to growing up there: identifying a good bagel and knowing where in North Jersey smells like rotten eggs. 
I got the Nova Spread (smoked salmon) on a whole wheat everything for $5. FIVE BUCKS for like two tablespoons of schmear. Which, I guess in one way it's good because usually places give you waaaaay too much cream cheese. But I'd rather have a lot, take out the excess than be left feeling ... dry. 
There was a pretty long line to get through the door in a small place, but surprisingly they moved the line pretty fast and we even got a seat. Also our bagels came out fast. People who got egg sandwiches were definitely waiting longer (naturally). 

I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if I lived around the corner I would be totally fine grabbing a fast breakfast. No chai tea latte. Booooo.
Really disappointed. The food is here great but the employees are rude. I waited in line for 30 minutes for them to tell me (when I got to the front of the line, that is) that they aren't taking any more orders. I get they are busy but how is this my fault? I used to go to the one in University City and they were great, I never had one issue there. I now live two blocks away from this one and I can tell you I'm never going here again. I'd rather walk an extra 5 blocks to Manhattan bagel to be treated better.
Coming from NYC, it's been pretty rough trying to find a bagel shop we like.  These Montreal style bagels were not to my liking.  They looked really good, but then you bite into it and it has this sweetness I didn't expect because I didn't know the style.  Okay fine that is my palette, but this is not the reason why we gave it a 2.  

The service is horrible and the prices are pretty high for a breakfast sandwich.    We even gave it a second shot and it sucked.  The second and last time we got to the shop about 5 mins before they were going to open, so we hung outside by the tables.  When 7 am rolled around, the girl just stared at me, unlocked the door and walked away.  I looked at my BF and just assumed ok I guess we can go in.   I'm sorry, but when you see people at your door and you are opening, open the door and say good morning.  Be welcoming.  It's called customer service.  

We walk in and order our food.  Some one was new and was being coached, which was fine, but she was the only nice person in there.  We got our over priced food ($25 for 2 sandwiches and coffee!) walked out, got into the car, drove off to work.  We looked at our food to figure out who had what, to come to find out our food order was wrong!  Seriously, we were the only people in there and I knew for a fact the girl writing my order down wrote it correctly, the short order cook didn't care to bother to read what she wrote. 

We rather go to Kermit's on Washington Ave.  I didn't expect much, but really good. Sadly they only have bagels on the weekend.
I keep getting disappointed by Spread, so I think I'm done. The reason? I always find the bagels to have a bitter taste from a little bit of char, which I do not find appealing. Spread is also super popular, so it takes a long time for your order to come out - including if you order in advance online - so for me, the combination of a so-so bagel and a long wait are not worth it. 

Warning: If you have any respiratory issues, you might want to stay outside this small eatery. The bagels are made with a wood-fire in front of you, which is actually pretty cool to watch, but smoke tends to fill the space. You will definitely leave with your clothes smelling like a campfire and even without an underlying respiratory illness, I felt a twinge of bronchospasm in my chest.
Solid bagels. Spread Bagelry is always busy (on weekdays, weekends, for breakfast, even lunch), and I get why. I find Spread's bagels to be similar to those I had in Montreal, with that slightly denser texture and wood-fired taste. After a year away from Philly, I visited Spread late on a weekday morning on my way out of town and found Spread to be as tasty as always.

Bagel prices range from $3.50 for the basic bagel with cream cheese to $12 for a sizable pastrami bagel sandwich. I'm a fan of the nova scramble (scrambled egg and smoked salmon cream cheese for $8.50) and the Greek bagel sandwich special (salmon, tzatziki sauce, and red onion for ~$11), and my sister almost always goes for the standard (scrambled eggs, bacon, and cheese for $7). Spread's prices, though a bit high, are in line with other bagel places in Center City, and for me, their bagel sandwiches so filling, I can usually stretch them over breakfast and lunch.

There are some tables at in the front window and at the back of the place, but as seats are hard to come by, I usually get bagels to go. Because the place is so busy, the most popular bagel flavors (sesame apparently) often run out on the weekends, but on the flip side, the bagels are always super fresh. Service is not particularly friendly - just make sure you know what you're ordering before you get to the front of the line and you'll be fine. The ordering line moves pretty fast, but after that, prep time for each order does take another 15+ minutes.

I never felt like I had to write a review for Spread because they always have lines out the door, but their 3.5 star rating on Yelp surprised me. If you like bagels, can accept that Spread's bagels are Montreal-style, not New York-style, and are willing to wait a bit, I'd recommend stopping by Spread Bagelry for some toothsome, loaded bagel sandwiches.

P.S. If you go on the weekend, be prepared to be regaled by live accordion music while you stand in line.
This is our second time ordering spread bagelry for pick up. The first time we didn't really run into big issues, just that I requested freezer bags to store my bagel in the freezer since I always buy them in bulk. Again, no big deal. 

Today, we ordered a dozen bagels, 2 containers of spread, and a bagel sandwhich, with freezer bags AGAIN. Mind you, not only did we not get the freezer bags (no big deal, I'll just be resourceful) we were missing the two spreads - vegetable, and Parmesan. 

We don't live near the actually shop, and had to drive over to pick it up. Unfortunately due to scheduling we did not have additional time to drive back and pick it up. We've been trying to reach the shop for over an hour now, and they do not have a direct line, only a texting method which they haven't reached out to us yet. Granted we could've checked the paper bags but they were sealed and we did not want to open them until we got home.

Pretty disappointed and will now be eating my bagels cream cheese-less.
Probably one of the few decent bagel shops in Philly, this small but cozy bagel shop just off Rittenhouse serves up Montreal-style bagels and delicious coffee to a young and friendly clientele.  Aside from serving the usuals (bagels with cream cheese, bagels with lox), they also offer a terrific array of bagel sandwiches for breakfast and lunch.  I recently had the Nova Scramble (smoked salmon cream cheese, scrambled eggs, tomato, onion) on an Everything Bagel which was out of this world.  And, they play fun music too.

My one complaint is that it's probably a tad pricey for bagels ($2 for a bagel?), but I suppose that's what you get for going to such a kick-ass bagel shop.  Overall, great neighborhood gem and I'm excited to become a regular customer.
My darling friend brings me back Montreal-style bagels every time she goes to Canada. They are delightful.

These aren't real/true Montreal-bagels. They are close, but they are no cigar. 

I've been here twice now. The first time was before an Ikea-run. I waited on a sunday in a line almost to the nail salon. It really wasn't worth it. Avoid this place on the weekends. It's allure has died down a little, but there is still the hectic frenetic feel. Although this past saturday they did have a bluegrass 2-man band outside. If you want to soak up the tunes and not be trampled on, grab your bagels and go across the street and sit or perch near the cheetah on the side of Arcadia boutique. 

Today I made some killer egg salad at home and I was like JCC SUMMER CAMP LUNCH MUST NEED BAGEL. If it was friday I'd go to Maxx's for bagels. Every friday Maxx's has challah and bagels from Rollings in Elkins Park ( kosher btw). So, I strolled in and was actually pleasantly greeted! They close at 4, and at 2 I was impressed they still had a bunch of different flavors of bagels. With my punchy egg salad at home, I wanted to keep it simple. Two bagels costs 4 bucks. Two bagels, one plain nothing on it bagel costs 2 bucks. 

I just don't get it. I'm sorry. I'll easily spend 4 bucks on a lousy crappy bagel if it's room service, because I didn't have to leave my house and it's served on a platter, literally. I can't justify spending that. I seriously can't. Not saying I won't do it every now and again, but I could not come here every day. 

They do however have level-up, so I suppose, I will get some cash back after a few trips, but still. The whole less than half  a block home I was like 4 dollars. 4 dollars. For 5 I could have gotten a bag of rollings bagels on friday!
This place is NOT VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY. 

I ordered an egg sandwich on a rye bagel. The kitchen is open, so I was able to see exactly how he made it. They do not separate their meat and eggs on the grill, nor do they use separate utensils when flipping, moving or cutting the food that is being prepared. The result? My sandwich was covered in bacon grease. 

I was so grossed out that I left without picking up my 10 dollar sandwich and went to Kermits instead. 

I'm sure this place is great for meat-eaters, but if you're a vegetarian, just stick with the coffee.
With their great bagels and sandwiches, I want to really like Spread. But their customer service is awful. 

I've been to Spread about 5 times now and every time, I've gotten lots of attitude from whoever is behind the counter. Example: 

Me: "how's your special?" (The one posted on the "SPECIAL" sign as soon as you walk in.)

Girl: "uh we have lots of specials." 

Then I said in the same order I wanted coffee. This was discussed with the other peach of a twenty-something counter girl. Original said, "you didn't say you wanted coffee." 

Anonymous man behind me in line: "She said she wanted coffee." 

And this has gone on, and on, and on. And, scene.
ugh. dont waste your money on the coffee. I've been here three times and it's weak, watery, boiled Buffett style in a huge banquet urn. secondly, plan on leaving smelling like you've been working at a diner for a week. no exhaust where they cook. ew :( bagels are good. expensive.
Ya know when you wake up and all you want is a good bagel. You're CRAVING IT. This will make your life complete. 

This was not it. I got my bagel to go and was SOO disappointed to come home and find that it was a crushed sad excuse for what I was hoping would fill all my bagel dreams. Not cool to charge $5 for a bagel and get a flat piece of toast. I've been hoodwinked. 

I can't respect a business that sees a bagel that literally looks like it has been trampled on and then run over by a car. Then still decides its okay to sell to a customer. Very disappointing and I will not be coming back to any of their locations. Please see pictures of my flat piece of toast....
Food is OK. Service awful. They forget who is in line, they let people skip. They see a line yet 3 ppl cannot take more than one persons order. Inefficient. Will never come back.
I ordered a half dozen whole wheat to go about a month ago. 
Came home and toasted one of wheat bagel and about after 3 bites, chewed on something strange... Spit it out and it was a cardboard piece! Really?? 
I called them as this was alarming and informed them what happened.
The woman/ lady who answered said first, that they never had this happened and later told me they will give me a free bagle if I come and inform them about it when I come back next time.
No thanks! No more cardboard bagel! 
I ate a lot of bagels in my life but this was first.
Ok, the bagels were good but it was a mad house. Don't bother ordering a breakfast sandwich or you will wait for an hour. The grill help is unfriendly and were taking their sweet time with everything despite the fact that the line was out the door. 
When we opened our sandwiches they were a mess! Just thrown together which made me not want to eat it. The egg whites were runny too. I had to take it off my sandwich. 
Big disappointment.
Lines for ordering and picking up our confusing. Young and inpatient attendants make it an unpleasant experience.
My favorite bagelry in Philly, I literally walk the half hour across town to eat here! It's a little dim inside but very homey, and of course the bagel sandwiches are delicious. Service is great too. 

I always end up getting The Standard on an everything bagel, and it's delicious, toasted perfectly, and has cheese oozing out ($6.50). I'm a picky bagel eater but their everything bagels are absolutely coated on both sides, I love it. The coffee is only average - but unlimited. 

I like how there's a little bit of seating area outside which is great when there's nice weather, or you have a dog (they also leave a water bowl out for them). Always love coming here!
Not giving this place another chance unfortunately. Ordered online, arrived ten minutes after the "ready" time specified online. Once inside the shop, I was told to wait outside and they would be calling names at the door once orders were ready. Names were not called at the door. People coming in to order were turned away and told to order online, and then ended up coming back into the shop to report that the online ordering website showed the shop as "Closed". Multiple frustrated customers cancelled their orders at the counter during the brief period when I was inside. Ended up waiting an additional 30 minutes outside the shop (beyond the initial waiting time) for 2 bagels. Finally went back in from the annoyed crowd outside and picked up my order. Got home and found that I received the wrong bagel, and it was not toasted as specified in the order.

Hire more staff who know how to run a restaurant. Or maybe hire a consultant who can optimize your customer-facing workflow, because right now it's inefficient, chaotic, and low-quality.
I stopped in today as I love myself a good bagel, and the bagels here certainly are delicious and unique. The bagel (Montreal style) itself is not as dense as a New York bagel, and the bread itself is a bit springy and chewy. The wood fired flavor also comes through in the bagel with a bit of a smoky flavor, which is very good.

I had the onion bagel sandwich with egg white, spinach, turkey bacon, and truffled mushrooms. This was very good. I also had some of an everything bagel sandwich with egg frittata, bacon, and jam. I was a bit apprehensive about the jam, but the sweet/savory combination works quite well. Both of these came with a slice of fresh cucumber on the side.

The service was nice, and though it was very crowded in the store, we were able to find a small table next to the door. The interior was clean, with subway tiled walls, a retro Coke refrigerator, and bottomless La Colombe coffee (awesome!). I also appreciate the huge rack of magazines on the wall, but given the popularity of the place I don't see myself hanging out and reading a magazine for a long time. All in all, I had a delightfully pleasant lunch, and I will be back.
So spread is pretty hard for me to judge, because I feel like they may have a problem keeping staff around. Every time I've gone there's new faces, so it's hard to put quality control on that. Sometimes the staff doesn't always get the order right, especially on their busier days (like the weekends). So check your to-go orders before leaving. Also on busy days, expect to have a line out the door and a 20 minute wait, unless you go early. But I'd say its worth it. 

Spread has a lovely interior- cute marble tables and wood everywhere. Big windows in the front. It's an aesthetic cafe. 

The bagels are great, the oven brick Montreal style is not easy to come by and is definitely delicious. It gives the bagels this crispy warmth that I haven't tasted elsewhere. For a philly bagel, it's pretty good. They also serve la colombe coffee, so it's pretty safe to say I like it here. 

Their menu of sandwiches has minimal vegetarian options except for the egg/cheese. (Sorry, vegans!) I recommend a bagel with their berry spread, it's a cream cheese base with berries mixed in. Very sweet and delicious.
Spread is my go-to lazy weekend breakfast spot. Strong coffee with free refills, bagels fresh from the wood-burning oven served with some classic R&B tunes, and only a block from Rittenhouse Square (ideal for picnicking). The line is often long but it moves quickly, and the local ingredients are worth the extra dollar or two. True, Montreal bagels are not the same as New York bagels, but can't I make room in my belly for both?
Being from NJ, it's been so hard to find an acceptable bagel place in Philadelphia. I don't know what it is but the bagels in this city stink! Spread, however, is the exception to this rule!

The bagels here are just so yummy. I'm a huge fan of the toasted everything bagel with cream cheese and a fresh squeezed juice. 

To avoid the outrageous line wrapped outside on the weekends, try calling ahead to pick up an order to go! Or... Go in around 2 PM :)

My only gripe is that a bagel is like $5. Really? Meh.
Never a big wait. Easy in, easy out.
Bagels are great- love an everything with veggie cream cheese or a BLT. Wanna try that pastrami special
Coffee is great.
Prices are very rittenhouse...but quality is there.
good soundtrack playing all the time.
Friendly staff.  
Wanna try the BYO vodka for brunch sometime....
Spread.  Such a popular spot.  I will give them this, this is not a typical bagel spot.  They have friendly service, have musicians out front on weekends, and they do an upscale bagel.  That all being said, it is certainly not worth the price of admission.

Two specialty bagels, two coffees...$24.  Now I don't mind spending a little and the food is definitely better than Starbucks...but really?  That being said, they have a line out the door almost constantly and they sell out of their bagels.  So it must be priced right.

Bagels are dense...maybe it is the brick oven that condenses them...anyways if you in the mood for something light and fluffy...not your place.  Overall I like the atmosphere and I guess they are able to charge a premium because they have created something new and different.  Just be warned, it is an expensive (asi-asi) bagel.
This is one of my favorite bagel places in Philly. The wood-oven, Montreal style bagels are flavored so well with the smokey flavor of the wood used to cook them. The entire restaurant has a great smokey smell from the wood-fired oven that's located at the front. They even have bundles of wood stacked up by the oven. The bagels are delicious and are the typical types you'd expect like poppyseed, everything, sesame, cinnamon raisin, garlic, etc. They have a big variety of sandwiches both for breakfast and lunch, I always get The Standard which is your choice of meat with egg/egg whites and cheese on your choice of bagel for around $7.50. It's a big sandwich and all delicious. They have a great selection of coffees too. There is quaint window seating at the front of the store and additional seating in the back.
Philadelphia has needed a non-chain bagel place for years.  I've said it myself and thought of how I could open one.  I'm so glad you are here! Welcome!

Excellent bagel, great menu selection, a little pricey.  

Tip: Get your bagels in the morning - the times I've been there later in the day (3pm) the bagel freshness doesn't seem to last as well as it should.
Though I'm a little bit confused as to why we got a legit Montreal style bagel place in Center City before a "traditional" or New York style bagel place, I can't entirely complain. I do love the bagels here!

This was actually a first for me: never had a Montreal style bagel before. Being from North Jersey with a plethora of amazing New York style bagel place to choose from, I was certainly enthralled by the idea of a different style of bagel, and was really happy with the product.  A little sweet, a little more bready, less "crisp" on the outside, this version of the Montreal bagel is really delicious.

I prefer to get it with one of their spreads, just warm out of the oven, no toasting necessary. Their sandwiches are good, but they consistently just fall apart when I am trying to eat them, so I tend to opt for the simpler option.

As noted, they are a little pricey for a bagel shop, but if you stick to the plain bagel and cream cheese option, you won't go too far into your pockets.

+1 for friendly service, bottomless la colombe, and a cute atmosphere. Can be quite a bit of a wait on a busy weekend morning, but generally not too bad.
The owners of Spread really missed an golden opportunity here. There's no question a serious need for a decent bagel place in Rittenhouse existed, but not for "Montreal-style" ones. They're super thin, so there's not much bagel to the bagel, and any type of distinctive taste is sorely lacking. The space itself is entirely too small for the crowds they attract-I've seen lines out the door on weekends-and their system of placing an order & then having you wait in a random spot while it's being prepared is totally haphazard. If you're lucky enough to get the attention of whoever's working behind the counter, you give that person your order and name, and then just...wait. Wherever. Since the physical space itself is so tiny, if there are more than two or three people also waiting for their orders, the wait can include a certain degree of awkwardness (akin to riding in a packed elevator), and I've attempted to make small talk with my fellow wait-ee(?)'s, usually to no avail. And forget it if you're in a rush--the place is always busy. There's nowhere to sit while waiting, as the few available tables are occupied, and the staff preparing your order are clearly in no hurry. Prices are high, even for Rittenhouse, for what, as described above, is basically a thin bagel with little substance (and/or sustenance). Customer service is hit-or-miss; again, the overall lack of organization in the ordering process is bound to cause confusion, and it does. More space and focus would do wonders in improving what has the potential to be a much better "bagelry".
Ok so i knew it would be pricey but delish per all the reviews however i just can't get on board with spending over 8.00 for a bagel with cream cheese and a toddler size oj. I was impressed with this state side version of a Montreal style bagel. I chose the whole wheat everything with veggie cream cheese, the bagel was normal in size and was overflowing with CC , overflowing to the point where i needed to scrape.  Having just eaten my fair share of Montreal style bagels this past June while visiting Montreal I  can attest to Spread being a legit baglery but the rapeage my wallet suffered left me feeling used and abused. i def won't rush back.
