This is my favorite spot in Philly. There was a point when we were going here at least once a week because we wanted to try every pizza on the menu (only a few to go!). The Neapolitan style pizza is the best in the city and reminds me more of Italy than any other American pizza.

First off, its BYO (yay!) and seat yourself so the vibe is super casual. The interior is really nice and there's big long communal tables. They don't take reservations, but it's still a good place for groups just maybe not at peak weekend times. The service is great, and everyone is so friendly.

Please do not hate me, but I kinda dislike red sauce on my pizza. I love Spuntino because in true Italiano fashion, they have about 25 pizzas evenly split between Rosso and Bianco. There are so many good white pizzas!!  We always get one pizza per person but we'll often split them amongst everyone. 

My hands down favorite is the Filleti with buffalo mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, basil, and garlic. It is SO CHESSY and just perfetto. I get the Crudo a lot when I want something that tastes fresh (fresh prosciutto, arugula, and mozzarella) and the Voldostana when I want something hearty (crispy prosciutto, caramelized onions, rosemary, and fresh mozzarella). You seriously cannot lose they are all amazing.

I'll be back! Probably next week. And the week after that.
Stopped by on a Friday night for some last minute takeout with a group of four. We were easily able to place an order at the counter. Looking at the boxes, we thought that two pizzas between four people would be enough, so we ordered the Pepperoni and Valdostana pizzas and the Caprese. Overall, it took about 10-15 minutes for our order to be ready. We grabbed a seat at a table outside while we waited. Once it was ready, we made our way home with our pizza, letting it cool along the way. By the time we got home it was the perfect temp! I'm a regular burn the roof of my mouth because I want to eat the pizza right now kind of girl, so I was glad to enjoy this meal without a burnt mouth.

The pizzas are on the smaller side, definitely closer to a personal pizza. They are cut into 4 slices, so we all had one slice of each pizza. They were both delicious! I wish we had ordered more... I honestly think I could have had one by myself and split another one with someone else. They are definitely on the pricey side for the size, but because of the taste, they are worth it!

I'm really excited to return and try the other exciting options on their menu.
I have had this place bookmarked for ages and finally got to go and it was definitely worth the wait. Our server was so friendly and courteous and pleasant even when we showed up after a show nearby around 10:15 (they close at 11). We got to sit outside and it was a nice night so that was great. We ordered the Regina pizza and the garbanzo salad. Both were fanfrickintastic. Dough was perfect and the pizza was straight from the brick oven. Tasted very good. The salad was also really great and served with little chunks of pizza dough. We finished w the gelato.. the tried the basil and the coffee.. both were very tasty but we LOVED the basil one. We should have gotten two orders of just that. Can't wait to go back!
Spuntino's - the well known Doylestown Pizza Parlor - has now moved into the city starting a branch in NoLibs (Northern Liberties).  It hasn't skipped a beat and produces wonderful pizzas in its wood-burning oven.  It's not quite as trendy as a couple of the famous pizza joints north of it in Fishtown, but it's more accessible and def worthy of some pizza cred.  They also have the Tuscan sandwiches - Schiacciata - and that is what I stopped by for recently to take out during this Covid-19 crisis.  I ordered a Prosciutto Schiacciata. It was very tasty and well prepared.  I like a little more filling in my flatbread sandwiches which is why I prob prefer a Piadina or an Austrian Fladen.  But I still enjoyed my schiacciata.  The price to me is a little high - I guess i compare it to Vienna's prices where it would cost half of what I paid - but to be honest the price is probably in line with prices in a trendy neighborhood in Philly.
Quickly becoming our most reliable spot for quality Neapolitan pizza, Spuntino checks all of the boxes! Great dough, well-cooked wood-fired preparation, a wonderful selection of toppings and preparations to suit everyone's tastes, fair prices, and a super friendly staff! Oh, and they also have a fun gelato menu that is updating (and running out) almost daily!

Our only "complaint" is that we seem to crave their pizza on Sunday and Monday when they're closed!

With the weather cooperating recently, we've really enjoyed being able to head over to Spuntino for a great meal outside with our pup (they always bring a bowl of water with the menu!). Service has always been great (even with a small staff), the food has been consistent, and it's always fun to explore their daily flavors for pizza and gelato. We've enjoyed their food for takeout and dining in, and while eating at the restaurant is definitely better, their pizza holds up quite well to-go, as well!

Overall, Spuntino is definitely one of our favorite wood-fired pizza places in the city, and if you're in the Old City or Northern Liberties area, it's a no-brainer if you're craving that style of pizza. Don't forget some gelato, too! Enjoy!
Some of the best pizza we have had in Philly ! And even better that it's so close to home. For those who don't know, Spuntino is a neighborhood gem in Northern Liberties that sells mostly pizzas (they have salads, some sandos, and a few desserts as well). 

We have gotten to go several times in the past and only recently had a few outdoor dining experiences with them, and they certainly have never disappointed. The crust/dough is truly spectacular if you like Neapolitan wood-fired style pizza. Whether you want a more basic pizza, or something a little more unique, they have something for everyone - from the margherita to the valdostana (prosciutto, caramelized onions and rosemary w/ mozzarella), or a daily special pie which can be more simple or interesting (we recently had a crab, shrimp and basil w/ a spice sauce that was quite tasty). 

If you eat there, service is great, too. They have a nice wine list to choose from, too. Spuntino is highly recommended!
This is, hands down, the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia.

     Let's start with the fact that Sputino fits nicely, but unpretentiously, into the hipness of Northern Liberties. The space is open, and bright; and it's fun to stare at the fire in the giant wood burning stove (which is located right in the dinning room).  It's clean, and they do quirky, seasonally-appropriate decorating. Cool...

     But the pizza...sheesh. It's a combination of air-like crust and intensely flavorful topping combinations. If you're a traditionalist, they have you covered with your Margherita or Pepperoni pies. But, if you're interested in something more adventurous, have a go with the Ambrogio or Scampi. The anchovies with the kalamatas?...forgetaboutit. I'm working my way through the whole menu!

     I was so busy thinking about the pizza that I almost forgot to mention how affordable it is.  It's almost crazy to think that having one of these delicious creations actually costs less than having a pizza-chain grease-bomb delivered. And it's also BYOB...so definitely a strong contender for the "I want to have a nice date, but not break the bank" spot. So, grab yourself a bottle of Montepulciano, and smash it while the smashing's good!
I'm fortunate to live walking distance from Spuntino's, and when the quarantine started, I decided to finally indulge in the neighborhood spots I've been wanting to try. Spuntino's was top of the list.

My roommate and I have done contact-less pick-up from Spuntino's at least twice in the last month. I'm a huge fan of white pizza, and Spuntino's offers several mouth-watering varieties. For my first order, I tried the Carbonara Pizza, and you truly can't go wrong. The crust is thin and crispy, and the ingredients were fresh and incredibly tasty. Topped with pancetta, mozzarella, and a cracked egg, it was definitely rich - but it didn't stop me from annihilating the entirety of the pizza in one sitting (alone). I would definitely recommend 1 pizza per person. They're about 12" in diameter, and leftovers keep nicely. You'd be hard pressed to feed two hungry people with just one. 

My second visit to Spuntino's, I ordered the Cauliflower white pizza. The toppings were delicious, but the crust was burnt on the bottom. It appeared to have been in the woodfired stove just a tad too long. While I enjoy a crunchy crust, the char ruined the flavor of the pie. I was pretty disappointed, (but again, ate the entire pizza).

I'd be keen to come back. The pizza's are delicious, though on the pricey side, as to be expected for deliciously crafted gourmet pizza. It's a yummy divergence from your standard pie.
Very good wood fired pizza. I had a craving and this place hit the spot. Crust was outstanding and the sauce was perfect so with the quality cheese and toppings it made for a great pie. I didn't get dessert but heard someone say the gelato was incredible on the way out.
Spuntino pizza was outstanding!!! We had the margherita with pepperoni and the regina. The crust was crisp and light. The sauce was light and flavorful. Great atmosphere and the employees all take the time to engage the customer and make people feel welcome. Kelsey  has been our waitress the last 2 Sunday's and she is fantastic! Extremely knowledgable & has guided my family and I in the right direction for the perfect pizza. The owners did a great job in establishing a great culture and it shows in how they treat their customers.
I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately was disappointed with the pizza I ordered. I was not a fan of the Fra Diovolo. The bread was good, but the peppers were not up my alley. 

Would have given this place 4 stars, but when I asked for a side of marinara, they served it cold, which dropped them down to 3 stars. This place has a lot of potential, unfortunately I had a bad experience and will not be returning. There are too many amazing pizza places in philly to try!
Philly is not well known for its pizza, let's be serious. I've been living here for 8 years, and have been desperately waiting for a place like this to come along. Pizzeria Stella doesn't come close. 

1. It's BYOB and you have the Foodery very close by for quality beer. BOOM.  

2. The PIZZA! My goodness the pizza, I'm salivating just thinking about it. 
 - began with the burrata appetizer. Very large portion, can easily be shared with 4 people. Fresh tomatoes, fresh burrata, a perfect way to start off. 
- Salsiccia: sweet Italian sausage. This pizza was the best of two worlds, the sweetness from the sausage with the savory from the tomatoes and fresh cheese. 
- Cauliflower pizza: this one blew my mind. I would never think to put cauliflower on a pizza. Crispy bits of cauli and the warmness of the dough and cheese made for heaven in my mouth. 
- Melazane - pan fried eggplant. This pizza popped with flavor. By this point in my meal I was so full but I had to eat one slice, and brought the rest home. This pizza is extremely flavorful, and unique. Brava!

3. Ambiance: I love the decor, its bright, its modern, its friendly. They have long tables so you might sit next to someone you don't know but hey, when you're in the zone eating the best pizza ever, you won't notice who is beside you. They also have tables of 4-6 lined up on the wall. The bathroom was very clean, always appreciate that. The staff, very friendly and accommodating. 

I'll be back pronto :)
Walking into the neighborhood craving for a pizza and glad I found this place. Nice indoor outdoor layout, Napolian -style pizza, open kitchen and amazing staff. Tried Melanza pizza which was great. Garnish it with some red pepper and garlic and it makes it much more delicious. Great for the price $12. I loved the outdoor seating. Great place. They have some home made gelato too which would be nice to try next time.
The total ZA dinning experience! Tired this place last week and boy did it NOT dissatisfied nor disappoint! Me and my girlfriend were welcome with open arms as soo as we walked in the door(on a Friday night too!) sat down and within a minute our bottle of wine that we brought because it is a BYOB was opened and ready to be polished off. With a lot of ZA on the menu we were not sure what to go with but our waitress guided us in the right direction! The pies here are only 10", so seasoned vets like us easily crushed three pie. All three pies came out under 10 minutes of ordering which I thought was awesome! All in all the ZA quality was top notch with some of the freshest local ingredients around. Can not wait to be back to try the other creative pie combinations. 
Don't forget to top off your meal with the perfect size cannoli for only 2$!!!
Great pizza and BYOB. What else could you ask for? The pizza is perfectly baked every time. I never eat the crust but here, I will. It's perfectly crispy and then moist and doughy on the inside. The carbonara pizza is to die for, a must get.
Theres not much more to say other than this place is my favorite pizza place in the city. Great for bringing dates or if you want to have some pizza before a night out. It is BYOB, but the servers always make sure to provide you with ice buckets for your wine/beer and are always very attentive. The best slices are the Carbonara and the Philly Special.

PS: If you want some dessert, they have some of the best cannoli's in the city and their dessert calzone is amazing( large enough for 2-4 people to split)
This is such a quaint little pizza parlor! We sat down, our server came over quickly, and it was in a nice little area. The pizza was good and reasonably priced. Service was good, as well. I recommend if you're in need of a quick bite to eat.
Spuntino is no libs best pizza! I've been a couple times since its opening and tried several different pies and have not been disappointed yet. There are several pie options to choose from and they also have great specials. 

The arugula salad is my absolute FAV!!! The lemon vinaigrette dressing is so refreshing and the shaved parm on top is heaven. 

Service has been great each time and you won't break the bank here. BYOB is a plus as well!
If you can't go to NY to eat wood fired pizza, give this place a shot. We tried two margherita pies. One with mushrooms and one with pepperoni. The sauce was so-so, the mozzarella was okay, crust was good, but it could be crispier. The mushrooms and pepperoni were okay.

It's really cute inside, but we ate outside. They have outdoor seating. The block looks like it's up-and-coming, so if you go late afternoon or early evening, you should be able to have a pleasant stroll after you eat.
Spuntino is always busy and for good reason. It's in a great location and central to several bars and other restaurants in northern liberties. The toppings were fresh and tasty, and the staff was pleasant. The cannoli we had for dessert was the highlight of the meal, which necessarily isn't the greatest sign for a pizza restaurant, and the pizza itself is relatively small for the price.  Next time I'd order different pizza, and may revisit this rating after that. Overall taste 4.5/5, value 4/5, staff 5/5.
Finally. A wood fired pizzeria in Northern Liberties! We can stop trekking all over the city. This place is solidly good. I love the crust and there's a fair number of selections, both red and white. We were pleased with our first visit and are looking forward to returning to try others. My only wish was for unsweetened iced tea. It's great that they brought this corner to life with something so tasty.
Amazing caprese salad (with burrata!). Tomatoes are always fresh and a nice portion of the burrata. Then the Neapolitan style pizzas are amazing both the sauce and white pies. Favorites have been the fradiavolo and the carbonara. Highly recommended & it's BYO too!
Finally a decent challenger to Nomad with respect to Naples-style pizza, meaning thin crust, fresh ingredients, San Marzano tomatoes, and wood fired oven. We had the buffalo mozzarella and the cauliflower pizzas. Both were terrific. The interior is very welcoming as well.
My toddler doesn't have a Yelp account so I'll post on his behalf! This is the first place he ever tried pizza. He loved it! Not only does he love it, he has learned the route from our house to Spuntinos! If we walk nearby and attempt to go a different direction he will get out of his stroller and walk in the direction of Spuntinos. God forbid their not open! What I love is that Spuntinos uses good clean ingredients so I don't feel bad feeding my kid pizza. It's delicious real food, not greasy, not heavy, just delicious!
I just moved into the neighborhood from NYC ( the capital of great pizza) and this fine establishment delivered a excellent pizza. I got a Margherita and prosciutto pizza, and they were both tasty with a great crust. Give it a try and take it from a New Yorker it's worth it. 
Mangia
Hands down the best Margherita pizza I've ever had (technically we got the Regina). I swear I was dreaming about it in my sleep because I woke up wanting it again. I've just moved into the area and I already know most of my meals and money will be spent here.
We loved the Funghi pizza at Spuntino! So happy to have a wood fired pizza place in Northern Liberties. The menu is simple, pizza and salad, and they do it to perfection!
This place is beautiful inside! Exposed brick oven clean tables great lighting and you get to see them make the pizza right in front of you. Was there 2 times in 3 days lol that's how good it is. Tried the burrata with tomatoes which was very good! Tonno pizza, scampi, soppresatta, and the special pizza of the week was butternut squash, Gorgonzola, walnuts, and Carmelized onions were all amazing! Go to spot before heading to work
Disclaimer that we got the pizza delivered so I left an extra star on because of that. But I guess after reading all the stellar reviews, we were just left a little disappointed! The pizza isnt bad, its just not that great. The sauce on the Regina was slightly bland. I was really excited for the carbonara pizza and it was just ok. Not bad! But I really cannot say it was worth the money / calories, which is a bummer! Wanted to love it. Maybe we would have felt differently if we ate there, but its pizza! If any food should be delivery friendly,  pizza would be it.
LOVE Spuntino.  I am so thrilled to have a delicious Napolian-style pizza joint in our neighborhood (especially one that is BYOB).  They have incredible ingredients and quite possibly the best crust ever (that coming from a non-crust fan).  The owner makes nearly all the pizzas himself and has incredible attention to detail.  He clearly loves his craft and puts out an incredible product.  

In addition to an extensive pizza menu, they have a few different simple, yet tasty, salads, along with flatbreads and a couple dips.  My favorite is the white bean bruscetta, which is essentially a white bean version of hummus with lots of delicious seasoned tomatoes (the bread is the pizza dough).  

Spuntino is a great place for 2 or 12.  You can even rent out the whole place!  Come here now!
Really good wood-fired pizza! I'm excited this place has come to to our neighborhood. We ordered takeout and it took all of 15 minutes to walk there and it have it coming out of the oven and ready for us to take home. The flavors were on point but I will say the bottom crust was a little too soggy and my toppings just fell off which was kind of a bummer but I'm hoping that gets worked out. I also think it would be nice if they could list their pricing online. Other than that, it is really tasty and the customer service is great! Welcome to the neighborhood!
Spuntino located at 2nd and Fairmount in Northern Liberties is the second of two Neapolitan Pizza restaurants owned by brothers Salvatore and Robert Carollo. The pizza they produce is by far the best Neapolitan wood-fired pizza you can get in the Philadelphia / South Jersey area. You can taste the freshness of their ingredients with every bite. 

Spuntino, translated in Italian, means snack, and if you love wood-fired Neapolitan Pizza like I do, this is the place to snack on it, a pie or 2 at a time :)  Being a pizza purist that lived in Naples Italy for 5+ years, my favorite pie is the Regina Margherita.  A must try on your visit is the House made Basil Gelato, an incredible delight for your taste buds and a nice finish to a fantastic meal here.

The restaurant has a clean fresh look and feel with plenty of counter and table seating and abundant light that shines in through the restaurants large windows. Italian music plays nicely in the background. Be sure to check out the daily specials listed on the chalk board.

The service is outstanding and the Pizza is incredible, so stop reading and grab your favorite bottle of Vino and get on over to Spuntino.
Some of the best Neapolitan-style, wood-fire pizza I've ever had!

For starters, they're byob, as are many places in NoLibs, and the Foodery is nearby if you forget to bring any.

Open floor design with a modern, sleek vibe. When we went on Friday night, it was seat yourself style, not sure if they're always like that, but we were fortunate to get a table for the four of us.

Our waitress, Trish, was super friendly and answered our many questions. We had wine and beer, so we asked if they could chill our beer for us and they did, which was nice.

To start, we got the bruschetta and it was tasty. It's different because it's a white bean base and it wasn't spread on top. The "stuff" was in the middle of the plate and there were about 6 pieces of bread to dip into. The bread was good, but we were all in agreement that we wished it was warmer, closer to the way it looked. Now onto the pizza...

Eggplant - my favorite, small pieces of chewy (but not too chewy) eggplant. Their dough is delicious and the crust was perfectly crispy.

Regina - essentially a margherita, but had buffalo mozzarella - delicious

Formaggio - this was good, super garlicky, not too cheesy

Spinaci - also tasty, but probably the least memorable

Overall, four of us has an app and four pies, as they're perfectly made to be custom personal pies. So glad I moved into the neighborhood and will definitely be back often!
Delicious pizza and outstanding service! I can't say enough about how delicious the dough is. Ordered the fennel salad, carbonara pizza, and eggplant pizza and everything was perfect. Save room for dessert though because the gelato is some of the best I've ever had! We ate outdoors and the best part is this place is a BYOB. Can't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu.
One of the best wood fired pizzas in the city hands down! They specialize in pizza and they do it well. I got two things, the Ronio and Margherita. OMG the Ronio is amazing, the sweet spicy balance of the chili's and honey with the saltiness of the soppresata and acidity of that outstanding pizza sauce is a combination like no other. And let's be real, what's a pizza without the dough? Well they nailed it, it even held up during delivery which is a nice touch. Please order from here!

Overall
Ronio 5/5
Margherita 5/5
I love their pizza! My favorite is the roasted cauliflower pizza, my husband prefers the crudo (with prosciutto & arugula). Definitely get the rucola salad!
I had the Salsiccia pizza, sweet italian sausage,  San Manzano tomatoes,  fresh mozzarella,  and basil.  it is perfectly seasoned, the San Manzano tomatoes are refreshing and more enjoyable then thick pizza sauces.  the salty sausage balances out the mils mozzarella. 

the crust is almost perfect.  I would recommend this pizza to anyone.
The food is fine, the service is shit. I went there tonight after a great roof deck party to grab a bite and call it a night. I walk in and there's only one table seated and I just stand there. One of the servers is rolling silverware and the other is off in space somewhere. The two men preparing pizza just look at me because, of course it not their job to seat me, so I seat myself. I order my food and eat my food and the only 2 statements I heard from the server were 'is that all?' And 'sorry'. The sorry came after I asked her if the bar area was full service because, basically, I served myself.  I even got up to get my own salt and pepper off of another table.  I've been in this neighborhood for a long one. I've been to Spuntino 3 times and every time I go the service is worse and worse.  I'll spend my money elsewhere.
This was the freshest tasting pizza I've ever had in Philly. I ordered the basic Margherita pie and every individual ingredient popped off the plate with amazing flavor! The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the service is on point. They serve espresso and cannolis for dessert which is a huge plus.
Just know that this isn't a slice shop. They only serve made to order personal pies, which could be split by two people if you're not too hungry and especially if you plan on dessert!
Awesome little spot in no libs. Relaxed and modern pizzeria perfect for date nights and small gatherings. We ordered the special of the night and the Regina, as well as a Caesar salad to split. The prices aren't bad at all and the portions are great- each pizza is a "personal pizza" however we had 1-2 slices left after we stuffed our faces. The food came out quickly and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful in our selection. The restaurant isn't large and gets quite busy so I would recommend this place for parties 4 or smaller. Spuntino is BYOB, which definitely caters to the laid back environment. Most pizzerias in the city are brick or have dark lighting but this place was inviting and updated. Will definitely come back!
Love coming in here with friends for some upscale pizza and BYOB!
Thank you Sal. The pizza was fresh, flavorful, and outstanding.   I ate an entire pie and dont feel bloated and gross. I look forward to coming back.
I wasn't honestly a big fan of the pizza here. I guess I like a chewier crust. This was more crunchy. I also like a pizza that can hold itself up. This pizza flopped around with a super thin crust. As a vegetarian, they did have some solid options. I got a specialty pizza that had butternut squash, red onions, and pecans (or maybe walnuts?). It really was just okay food in my book. The other weird thing is that there is very limited individual seating. They have a bunch of long tables where you might end up sitting next to someone you don't know.  Honestly, the best part about this place is how instagramable it is. Massive windows led to great pictures which great if all you care about is instagramming your meals.
Great place for modern style brick oven pizza with variety of options even for vegetarians. Cauliflower pizza is just for them. Plenty of parking in the area any time off the week.
This is some of the best pizza I've ever had. The dough is amazing,  nothing in the city compares. Incredibly friendly staff. Fast service and no "too cool for school attitude" that some of the other nearby places have.
This place is a great addition to the NoLibs neighborhood! It has huge potential, but not quite a 5 star place yet.

Pros:
BYOB!
Amazing arugula salad
BYOB
And did I mention BYOB?
The pizza is great except...

Cons:
The crust is always always burnt (I went twice to be sure) and it tastes bitter. The slice of plain pizza crust they give you with the salad is basically inedible.

Will go back or get takeout for lazy nights, but I hope they up their crust game. Would also like to see them get more creative with pizza toppings too!
So I went here last night for the 1st time. And to give you a little background, I live upstairs and I didn't have an immediate urge to try it - so I was pretty reluctant to go, because another pizza place? In Philly? Been there, ate that.

HOWEVER. I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner. My boyfriend and I split the Margarita pizza. All pizzas are 10" sized "personal" pizzas and are around $11 each. Kind of expensive for a thin crust, personal sized pizza, but the ingredients are super fresh, the crust is super fresh and overall, you are extremely satisfied with your meal. I have never been to Italy, but I can imagine that this pizza tastes like fresh, right out of the oven pizza in Italy. 

My only gripe is - the sizing of the pizza is awkward. Like, if you're two people,  do you get 1 pizza? or 2 pizzas? Because 1 pizza is enough for 2 people, with a salad maybe. But 2 pizzas would probably be overkill. 

They have so many great pizza combinations and I can't wait to try a bunch! Good thing we live right upstairs :)
To follow up to Sal's reply... I'm very familiar with the Neapolitan style pizza; perhaps my soupy in the middle comment isn't clear in that it's a bit excessive. I work in Europe 50% of the year, and have had many different styles and types of pizza in Rome & Venice where my job lands me most.  I'm also a New Yorker, so maybe that's part of why my tastes differ.  Let's simplify this: the BIGGEST problem is the dough is a bit tasteless and just  doughy on the outside edge of the pizza.  Weather it's Neapolitan, New York style, flat bread, or really any style except for maybe Chicago deep dish, the contrast between a crispy or slightly crispy and airy crust and the delicious toppings and sauce, soupy in the middle or not, is what really separates okay from exquisite pizza.  It's just my 2 cents...Sal's right, you should come in and support this local business. As a neighbor though I implore you to give him the same feedback if you agree so he can adjust and thrive & we all have more choices.  3 other neighbors gave me this feedback pre-visit, so I don't think it's just me. Cheers.
I hate to throw this place under the bus because it's in my hood and a very nice space.  Really the reviews a 2 plus or 3 minus.  It's on a busy corner and centrally located but sadly it's pulling up a bit short where it counts: The Pizza!  I gave it a second go several months after a lackluster first attempt but unfortunately nothing changed.  The devil is in the dough details; it's 'doughy', soupy in the middle and lacking that delicious flavor of a great recipe perfected over the heat of a great oven like they have right there in the kitchen.  I'll check back periodically for changes in the feedback but for now, if I need a pizza fix a slice down the street (if you get it before it sits all day) will fill the void or just Caviar -it from Bufado.  Please fix the recipe, you have so much potential and we (the neighborhood) would gladly support you!
It's clear that the people who wrote the good reviews about the pizza never had good pizza . I you like soggy pizza this place is for you. The tomato sauce has absolutely no flavor and it's so watery it makes the pizza soggy, how can a place like this serve this slop. Ps I ate there so the pizza came to my table right out of the oven I couldn't imagine what the takeout would taste like smh.
Great pizza and great CustomCar service . Prosciutto Crudo, Mushroom and eggplant pizzas are my best . Wasn't impressed  with a grump pizza but that's a taste thing . The salads are to die for ( we attended a party there and they served delicious pear and pecans salad ) 
The space is clean and very modern, as well as welcoming! 
Strongly recommend
I live one block from this restaurant, and absolutely adore it! If you have a pizza craving- they will deliver!

Always fresh ingredients, friendly staff, outdoor seating, and BYOB. What more could you ask for?

Great addition to the neighborhood.
Our go to spot when my boyfriend lived in northern liberties. BYOB and delicious. I love the caprese Salad because of the fresh burrata. My favorite pizza is the "Ronzio" (soppresseta, hot calabrese peppers, garlic, oregano, mozzarella, San marzanos, and honey drizzle)...although they are all very good! Had to deduct a star because the wait can be long and a little disorganized!
Spuntino is an amazing neighborhood spot with the friendliest staff, most delicious pizza and most inviting atmosphere. I had the pleasure of dining in for the first time tonight (normally get pizza to go) and was really impressed from start to finish. Had the Margherita pizza which was just perfect with a cup of red wine. The interior is so clean, inviting and elegant, yet totally approachable with no attitude. Can't wait to go back!
Maybe it's a Doylstown thing cause me and my wife did not enjoy this at all. The crust was burnt (and not the good tasting kind of burnt, the I can't eat this burnt) , the pizza was soggy, an there was barely any sauce or ingredients. My wife got the margaritta and there were only three pieces of basil in the entire pizza. Total for two terrible pizzas was $30 dollars which we don't mind paying IF the food is good. Save yourself the pain and get Elliott's pizza.
Owners use to be our neighbors in Langhorne and known for their aldo pizzerias in the area
This is our favorite pizza place...and that gelato!  I love coming here with small groups so you can try multiple pizza's.  The Fra Diavolo & Filetti are our favorites...and that gelato.   BYOB
I'm glad to see a new pizza shop open in this neighborhood; I think it fits here well.  Like a few other pizzerias throughout the city (like Vetri, for example), this place uses community seating, which seems to be a perfect fit for a pizza shop with limited space.  They made the tables themselves, and everything seems to have come together really well.

As for the pizza, the Salsiccia I ordered was quite good. It tasted fresh, was nicely presented, and it wasn't overly greasy (not even close).  The menu has plenty of options, and they're just the right size for one person.  The prices are fair, and the service seemed very friendly and attentive.  I'd like to see some house-made iced tea, rather than a Snapple bottle, but that's really a minor gripe; hardly worth mentioning.  Overall, it's a nicely-done shop and I will absolutely return.  The original location in Doylestown has been very successful, and I hope this place does just as well.
It's hard to come up with a negative about Spuntino. I went there last night. Ordered the charcuterie plate and the Ronzio pizza. I highly recommend both. The pizzas are the perfect size for one person and the Ronzio was bursting with flavor but with the right amount of spice from the Calabrian chili's. Do yourself a favor and check this place out!!
This pizza is mind blowing. I live nearby and have always wanted to check it out, so glad I finally did. This is the best pizza I've had in Philly. When I originally looked at pictures on yelp it looked like every other Neapolitan pizza I've had. I was so wrong. The sauce on every pizza is amazing. Great service and BYOB. The Foodery is only about a block away if you want to pick up some craft beers to bring. Highly recommend!
This place is just awesome.  From NYC and since moving down here good pizza is hard to find (still can't find a decent bagel but that's a story for another review).
This place is right on the money.  Great pie and always hot when I get delivery so finally had to leave the review and show some love!
Had this pizza joint on my list for a few months and finally got to check it out this week. It was relatively empty on a Thursday night - easily able to seat 5 around 8 o clock. We ordered bruschetta and 3 pizzas to share. The pizza comes in two styles - saucy and without sauce. I really enjoyed the Regina and the eggplant pizza. We also ordered the white cauliflower pie - it was okay but better with marinara sauce ( which we asked for on the side). Finished the meal with their famous chocolate ricotta calzone - it was VERY rich and plenty for the 5 of us.  Overall, a great meal! If you in the area, definitely with checking out.  + BYOB
Best pizza in Philly, IMO.

Crust:  crisp w/ slight char on the very outside, beautifully soft inside.

Cheese:  FRESH, soft mozzarella that can stretch for a mile but isn't chewy.

Sauce:  mild & tasty (not salty)

Hardly lets off any grease.  

An overall masterpiece each time.

Bonus:  Creative desserts!  Save room.  I tried the basil gelato during my last couple visits and loved it.
Great quality pizza! Fresh. As Dave Portnoy (owner of Barstool sports) would say, it doesn't droop. I do recommend eating it right then and there to maintain food aesthetic unless you want to reheat it when you get home but overall it's really good tasting stuff. I ordered a Cotto and a Regina. Both were really good choices. The only reason I'm giving this a 4 star review  though is because I feel that the prices were a bit expensive for 10" pizzas. Now you can make the argument where it's all about the quality but a few dollars here and there add up.
The best pizza around the area, I moved here a few years ago and never really enjoyed any pizzeria around until I recently ate at this restaurant. I've been there at least 4 times already and the food it's always awesome. 
The Nutella one is kind of weird but not bad, but definitely check out the rest of the menu. Delicious.
Spuntino is a great wood fire pizzeria. We have frequently this pizzeria numerous times and every single time we went the food was amazing and the service was great too. Our favorite is the melezzano but every pie we'd tried we love. Plus it is a BYO so it's a great less expensive but still delicious date night. Every time we go we also see the owner making and cooking the pizzas himself. You know you are getting a great meal if you go to Spuntino.
My husband and I went to Spuntinos for lunch on the way to get our vaccine. The $15 fixed price for restaurant week included a salad and pizza. The Giardino salad had fresh lettuce, a few chunks of mini tomatoes but was missing the olives. The server brought the vinaigrette  on the side as requested. The vinaigrette was tasty.  The pizza had a light crust with lots of black/brown spots that added to the flavor. Flavor in the brown!! The sauce had a sweet flavor that paired well with the cheese. I liked that the Margharita had cheese evenly spread out rather than slices of mozzarella.  The pepperoni was crispy.  
The server was efficient and friendly. The kitchen is open so we were watching the pizza being made!  
There is both indoor and outdoor seating.  We sat inside due to weather. Servers and chefs were masked. The bathroom was clean. The menu is available via QR code.  It felt very safe.
Amazing. The size of the pizzas are perfect for sharing. Definitely go with 2 Pies and a salad.  We brought 4 pies over to our friends with a newborn and they couldn't have been happier. It's such a treat. Not the usual " pizza and salad" delivery order. Fresh ingredients and great atmosphere, BYOB is also a plus
This pizza is pretty legit in terms of authentic European style pizza. I got the artichoke, mushroom, ham, olive (capricciosa) and it was sooooo good.
Believe the hype! Amazing wood fired pizza that is consistently delicious. My favorite is the Ronio, a perfect combination of savory, sweet, and spicy. The Carbonara and Pepperoni did not disappoint either. They all have one thing in common, fantastic dough with the perfect bite and char.
I saw the owner to day talking very badly with one of the delivery drivers he didn't suppose to treat people this way if he want be respected he have to respect.
Smart casual spot for wood fired pizzas, traditional drinks, and other Italian favorites. I went here in a group of three to try their restaurant week specials. I ordered the pear salad, the Sfinciuni pizza, and the cannoli for dessert. Everything was great overall. The only reason I didn't give this place a five is because I thought the pizza was a little dry, and the crust was slightly bigger than average. They also ran out of some items that night including one of the ice cream flavors and decaf coffee. Would go again to try different pizza options.
Wow!!! That is some amazing pizza. Just ordered four pies via Caviar and it was fire. Everything was fresh and the dough made you think of eating pizza on an Italian hillside. Incredible!! Hands down our future go to pizza place in Philly. One of the best I've had! 

10/10 

Funghi Pizza
Carbonara Pizza
Pepperoni Pizza
Margarita Pizza
Some of the best pizza I've had! 
Love these pies. The crust alone is delicious but the toppings make it...well...pizza:) We got the carbonara pizza, calzone, and antipasto platter for an app... all were tasty and I highly recommend the antipasto platter if you are hungry to tie you over. All pizza is fresh made but doesn't take terribly long. Some notes:
-BYOB
-Pizzas are personal size
-When in doubt, get the calzone
Spuntino has been on my mind to try for a while, and I couldn't be happier to try it now!  My boyfriend and I were looking for a good pizza place, and since he can't have cheese, we wanted to find a place that make a good tomato pie.  I remember seeing somewhere that Spuntino was helping nurses during this pandemic, so I already felt good about ordering from here.

On to the food - it was delicious!  We ordered a tomato pie with shrimp, mushrooms, and soppresata.  We loved the tomato sauce and the toppings were high quality and added on generously.  We both agreed that we need to try this place once restaurants open back up.
LOVE this place. Can you PLEASE open one in Lower Bucks County too?! Say Langhorne Area?! I live just in between NoLibs & Doylestown but need more of this pizza in my life! 

Had the shrimp scampi pizza (OH EM GEE was that good!!) and the Regina (mmmmm....delish!). LOVE that it's a BYO too! The inside is super cute and the wait staff are so nice and helpful. Can not say enough good things!
