We were excited to hear about this restaurant opening in Center City.  My wife and I love good food and we eat out frequently.  We appreciate outstanding restaurants and have eaten all over the US and abroad.   The Chef's reputation is well known and we are familiar with other Kimpton locations. We went on Monday night to check it out. 

We arrived a few minutes early for our 8pm reservation to an abandoned front desk.  After wandering around for a few minutes checking out the the sleek bar and hotel lobby, I had to snag the bartender's attention and ask him if there was a manager or host.  He feigned surprise then disappeared into the back and presumably called the host or manager as he returned and said someone would be with us shortly.  Pretty bad start.  A few more minutes pass and the manager came downstairs, offered a weak apology and led us upstairs.  She seemed lost and told us they were busier than they had expected and we could sit anywhere we wanted. Now there are about 30 seats and about 20 guests.  We sat at a table and waited.  And waited.  

Server was apologetic, awkward and had difficulty describing why there was no bottled water.  We ordered the filtered water (they still charge you as if it's bottled water) and a cocktail and waited.  And waited. By now we had been in the restaurant for almost 30 minutes without a  crumb to eat or a drop to drink.  Booo..  We had gotten the apologies, though, so that was something.

We ordered a few small plates:  Ahi Tostadas- these were very good:  Rosy, mild, sliced raw tuna over nice, crispy little tortillas with a spicy mayo and good pinch of salt.  Lobster Tacos were not quite as good.  A nice, homemade, soft corn tortilla wrapped around flavorless  lobster chunks and topped with diced grilled pineapple. There was also a tasty, earthy guajillo sauce with them. 

Our next round was mixed:  Gnocchi with truffle and parmesan were very good.  Just right texture, juicy roasted mushrooms and a nice, earthy aroma.   The Beet, Frisee and Endive salad was poor. Cranberry vinaigrette would have been good if the salad had not been drowned in it.  Garnish of duck proscuitto was nicely gamey, Soft boiled egg was way under cooked with clear white running around the plate.  There was no frisee or endive in sight.  The greens were all delicate, mesclun style and completely deluged by the dressing and undercooked egg white.  Charred Octopus was OK.  Nice, lemony olive oil dressing and very welcome raw sliced artichokes,  but the octopus needed a little more cooking time.  Octopus should be chewy and resilient, not hard and rubbery. 

Entrees were pretty good. Not great. Chicken with creamy beet pasta was juicy and full flavored with delicious oven-dried tomatoes.  Halibut with white sweet potato puree was ok.   A little salty and acceptably fresh, but nothing that would make me say even lower case "wow".  

Desserts were ok.  The apple cider fritters were ok.  They were not light.  They were not delicate, but they tasted good.  The ice cream that came with them was weak.  I mean weak-flavored. I could not even tell you what the flavor was.  Skimmed milk? The pumpkin cream tart was inedible.  Pastry was tough, tough, tough. The filling was runny and flavorless.  Like canned pumpkin, skimmed milk and raw egg yolk.  The ice cream that came with that was grainy and flavorless.  I told our server the tart was not good and she took that and my espresso off the bill with more apologies.

All this would have gotten the restaurant two or maybe even three stars if the service had even been ok, but the service was so awkward, cold, self-conscious, lacking confidence and uncomfortable that I can't in good conscience give it any more than one.

This restaurant needs to smooth out the food, eject the contrived formality and find some solid professional management focused on warmth and sincere hospitality if it hopes to fulfill it's potential.
Newly opened and part of the Kimpton Hotel Palomar, this oh so trendy bar/lounge drew a few of us in the other night to see Anthony, one of our favorite bartenders.

The layout is very upbeat, and the lack of TV's a welcome change, but someone didn't do their research about philly as the bar is, shall we say, small. It is a hotel lounge, and there is lots of lounge space, but c'mon folks, people in this town love their drinks.

And there's a lot to love. The drink menu has a bunch of great tasty drinks. The bell pepper smash, which includes muddled bell pepper and raspberries, was surprisingly sweet and definitely a hit.

The food menu, which comes folded in a square, is a great eclectic offering, heavy on the seafood (yum!). Running from simple treats such as charred octopus and lobster tacos to intriguing dishes such as a Korean 'hot pot' and a Bacalao Cake. Don't worry, there's lamb, steak, chicken, squab, and some vegetarian offerings so your crowd will surely find something they like. Prices are reasonable and the staff very friendly.

Pop in, give it a try, and say Hi to Anthony. Tell him Marco sent you!
Okay, they are only getting 3 stars bc it took forever for our food. We were a group of 5 -all of us getting the special- burger and beer for 9.00, it took about 45 mins for the burgers to come out. Our server was EHHHH. Took forever for the drinks also, she didnt look that busy! The burger on the other hand was pretty good. The burger special is a burger that had blue cheese, tomato, and lettuce. The patty was THICK. Pretty juicy.. and also it came with homemade potato chips... Well worth the 9.00!
Loved it!

Great location and food. The whole fish special was more than I could handle: amazing taste, hearty, perfectly prepped cauliflower... what a meal. 

Apps of bacon wrapped dates, mussels in a tangy sauce, well prepared and not heavily battered fresh calamari, and a few other small plates served our group well. Wine list long though prices not friendly, oh well.
LOOOOOOVE this place! They host the Morris Animal Refuge every Saturday for YAPPY Hour with proceeds benefiting the sweet animal at Morris! Their service is always amazing and they even bring your dog his/her own water bowl. You can order a delicious puppy brunch for your pooch and a portion of the proceeds goes towards the refuge as well. 

Come every Saturday and see a few dogs that are looking for their furever home! Thank you to Swuare for being so hospitable every time we bring our pup!
Square 1682 is a good middle ground spot in the Rittenhouse area.

It's nice without being pretentious or fancy. It's reasonably priced without being ridiculous in either direction. There are healthier options where you can still enjoy something tasty. The staff is friendly and down to earth without being snooty. 

It's also not going to be that knock your socks off dining experience either though. 

It will be a place that you can get an omelette on the lunch menu that's served with a salad. 

The cocktails are supposed to be hand made. There are no draft beers, but an ok local can selection. 

It's a good wild card when the cards are right.
This place is classy and trendy and i REALLY enjoyed it. I went last wk with some friends and returned just two days later when my twin sis was in town. I think it's going to become one of my regular stomping grounds :) 

the bartenders are charming and very observant and i was really impressed. i tried the cure royal and also the pomegrante mojiot and both were fantastic! 

I think the wines by the glass list could REALLY use some improvement but other than that im a new big fan of square 1682. 

the truffle popcorn is a perfect pair with drinks be sure to try it you wont be disappointed! 

buon appetito :)
I ate here once and the food was mediocre!! I was expecting more from this spot!!
The drinks and the bartender were awesome tho.  Might return for happy hour drinks next time instead of the food
RW review:
I had the BEST time last night at Square 1682 for RW festivities!

We had a reservation for 7:30pm for party of 6. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early and were greeted by a sleek hostess immediately and even took our coats. We checked out the bar area downstairs and ordered an "old fashioned" from a beautiful bartender who also noticed us right away when we walked in and did not make us wave for her attention. The drink was expensive for us but good. The bar area is small but the decor is modern and yet warm and cozy. There were business people there for happy hour, romantic couples and even a few singles by themselves enjoying a light dinner by the bar and a book. Everyone looked comfortable. The kitchen is at the back of the room and you can see the chefs in there cooking up a storm. Bless them!
One of the bartenders found that I was there for RW and he took at least 5 minutes to go through the entire menu with me and gave me his opinions of his favorites. He recommended the following: Tuna Tostadas, Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, and others for appetizers. For entrees, he noted how pleasantly surprised he was at the chicken, and also recommended the NY Strip (not a full fillet). I was interested in the seafood entrees and he approved my choice of the grouper.

When our party was ready, we were led upstairs to the dining room. Similar decor but now you get to check out the details of the table setting. It is a small place but after settling into our seats I did not feel cramped at all. It's a great date place. The lighting again was low but warm. There were some interesting flower arrangements at the bar in the back. Our little appetizer/bread plates were really cute, it looked like a big coaster and it in was a print of a studio apt layout! The colors were soft gold with specks of red. Festive and romantic. The girls were giddy.

The service was great. Our waiter was not pushy but informational. I didnt ask for his recommendations though. I should've. 
Run down of the food we ordered:
Apps: Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, Beet Salad, Regular Salad, Tuna Tostada, Potato Gnocchi. It seems that all were good. I heard the Beet Salad had a fishy taste in part of the sauce and we suspected anchovies but another taster could not find it.
My lobster pot pie had a buttery flaky crust topped with a CLAW! It was such a  cute presentation! The soup was just as indulgent and naughty! Creamy, lobster bisque like with root vegetables that were still crunchy and flavorful. My husband had the Tuna Tostada. It was a good combo of tortilla chip (salty), jalapeno, spicy sauce and raw tuna. There were 3 bites on the plate which was probably not enough for my husband but he shared the pot pie with me. The tuna tostada was good but not as spectacular as the pot pie. I had a taste of the octopus. Very refreshing! It had a tang to it and it was tender and not chewy. It paired well with the fennel. 
For entree I got the "Pan Seared Grouper with
white sweet potatoes, roasted corn and truffle vinaigrette" The sweet potatoes were pureed so that it could've been a polenta look alike on the dish. The corn and truffle was served on top of the sweet potatoes with a just right size piece of grouper. I loved the sweet potatoes. It was sweet & savory. The corn and truffle added the saltiness and interesting texture. The fish was good. Nothing too crazy. I felt like the star was the side dish. The presentation was lovely. I really felt like I was on Iron chef.
My husband's NY Strip was cook right and the purple potatoes were fun to eat. He said while it was good, he has had better steaks before. But men can never resist ordering red meats at places if offered.
Everyone finished their entrees. One ordered the bass and one ordered salmon. Another ordered the NY Strip as well and he finished his first. The portions of the entrees were not obnoxiously big or too petite. It was just right for a 3 course meal. Dessert: I looked forward to this the most, but alas, the appetizer was my favorite course. That's because I didnt order the apple fritters!!!!!
Luckily my friend ordered it, it came out looking like fried donut holes! I got a bite and was in love. Fluffy, with sugar, and gooey apple inside. Better than my apple pies out of the oven. My cranberry upside down cake was sort of rustic and dry. The goat cheese ice cream was not kidding! It really tasted like goat cheese. I had half the chocolate orange tart of his and the chocolate was creamy and the tart was ok. I think they wanted the chocolate to stand out more. Not bad. With a couple of drinks per person, our bill came out to about $50 per person. I thought it was a great price for the amount of food and lovely experience. I was really pleased that they didnt automatically add gratuity in there. The waiters had to run up from the kitchen downstairs to deliver our food. They were all breathless to keep the food warm and they were all in good running shape.
Of the four restaurants I tried this year during restaurant week this was probably the most underwhelming. It's probably more happening when the attached hotel is fuller but when we went it was pretty dead as we were the only people there. 
First course was my favorite. I opted for the tomato soup with crab meat and it was very good. For my entree I got the jerk chicken. The jerk chicken I've had in the past had all had...jerk seasoning. This chicken was completely devoid of any seasoning. I don't understand. I will say the coconut rice with it was really good but the chicken was a disappointment. My boyfriend got the salmon which he really liked. I couldn't help but notice his salmon was very well seasoned but I'm not bitter or anything. 
Dessert and cocktails were both pretty good as well. And our waitress was really efficient and friendly. But sadly I can do a lot of things, but bland food isn't one of them, so I doubt I'll be back.
This was a difficult experience to know what to write. This was close to being a 3 star review for me. 
We went on a Saturday night after Valentines day. 
I liked the trendy atmosphere and subtle music. I liked that you get to go upstairs to the restaurant away from the bar. 
I did not like the long wait for us to be seated. We arrived and it took a long time for them to figure out where to put us. And we had reservations, I'm not really certain why it took so long when no one else was waiting to be seated. 
Once seated the hostess was friendly enough and took our coats. I'm glad the tables are tight together and it would have been uncomfortable. 
Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I found it odd all the waiters were men. You don't see that often. 
The problem of long waits at that point continued. Took some time before the waiter came up. Then a long time to return for drink orders. Then a long time for drinks to arrive. You get the picture, they seemed to be a bit slow with things all night. 
That is why I would lower the score to a three, the service needed improvement. 
More on that later, lets get to the important thing- food. 

The food was excellent for the most part. One minor disappointment from a highly rated item. 
We ordered two small plates to start, Truffle popcorn and Bacon wrapped dates. 

The popcorn, I found a bit too greasy. The truffle not prevalent, I think they used oil instead of the real thing. And what made the flavor pop was a very occasional flavor of citrus. I wanted more of the citrus and some salt on the pop corn. For some reason we received a huge bowl of it as well. Maybe to make up for large wait times? 

The dates were absolutley delicious. They were sweet and creamy. A well balanced little bite. They were shared and disappeared quickly, I could have had another plate of this easily. The plate came with six which was just enough to share for two people. 

For dinner, things continued to be excellent with the food. My wife ordered the filet. I think it is one of the best I have ever been able to taste. The plate came with no steak knife. My wife was about to ask for one, then just tried cutting it with the table knife. It just sailed right through it. The steak came with a large dose of herbs on top. It came perfectly prepared. 
 
I ordered pork tenderloin. I've come back to this meat after avoiding it for many years. Years of my youth and dried out pork chops soured me on it. 
They came perfectly prepared, not dried out. I enjoyed the notes of flavor, simple and letting the meat be the star. It came with an apple chutney that was also a star and tied everything together with the butter nut risotto. It also had an occasional burst of spicey heat. I wanted a little more of that heat. I would also say I'd like a slightly larger portion of meat. But, that is a minor complaint. 

We also oredered a side of brussel sprouts. I do not like them, but my wife wanted them. So she got it, I was surprised that I had more than one bite. These small balls were excellent. The bitterness I associate with them was a minor player. Other flavors triumphed over it and made the bitterness a nice layer instead of overwhelming one. The waiter said many people have this dish that do not like brussel sprouts and enjoy it, just like I did. 

On to dessert and because we were not over stuffed we both ordered separately. 
I had a scrumptious pumpin cheesecake with cardamom gelato. That gelato really amped up the dessert. When combined with the cheesecake it was an awesome dessert than either part alone. I just wish there was more of the gelato. 

My wife had a white chocolate bread pudding. I had one bite and it was good. She finished it quicker than mine, and it was a good size. So it had to be good. 

The last complaint, we got an item on our bill we had not ordered. It was something the table next to us ordered. It came to our table first, now I know why. It was quickly removed when we pointed it out. Thing is, that should not have occurred in the first place. No apology, just a I will take that off your bill. 
And then a long wait after the bill was delivered. I am not sure why. That was really the only downside of the night, the long waits in between everything. No explanation as to why. But, the service did not overwhelm the excellent food, thus four stars.
We hung out here for drinks and snacks with friends tonight. 

It's a comfortable place with great service. No complaints whatsoever in that regard. 

The food we sampled was decent. Our friends enjoyed the fries and burriata. My wife and I split some chocolate bread pudding which I'd call pretty good but not spectacular. It was a little on the small side and slightly chewy for my taste. 

Nothing wrong with the drinks though.
If Nataly is your waitress, say no thank you and go to a different place. Actually, just go to a different place. Horrible service from everyone, uncomfortable setting; they made me feel like I was in their way.

I have been to Square 1682 several times, as I have lived in Philadelphia for quite a few years. I've seen the chef change, menu change, and the interior change. In that time, this past visit to this place was the absolute worst!!! I've also brought 2 parties of over 20 people, and each of those were able to run efficiently - especially with the rest of the restaurant having other customers. 

There is no reason that this past trip for me and my sister should have been any different. Our table was not given any attention, we waited forever for water, and even our bar drinks could not be delivered normally. After receiving our water and ordering food, we had to re-ask for our drinks, only to find out that they were never either (1) rang in or (2) made by the bartender who was busy setting up the bar for his shift. In any case, I shouldn't have had to re-ask for much of anything, as there was ample time for Nataly to figure out that our drinks were missing.

The only good thing about the visit was that the food tasted good - also, it came out of the kitchen quite efficiently.
To preface, I would have given a higher star rating if I had not gotten food poisoning from this place! (I was vomiting pretty bad about 5 hours after the meal, and my boyfriend didn't vomit but he had a very upset stomach and dry heaved for a bit). We think it may have been the calamari or the sauce perhaps (was the only thing we shared besides the dessert).

Location: easy to get to, connected to the Hotel Palomar, nice area

Ambiance: very nice, servers are attentive, there's a nice bar area, good lighting

Food:
Wine: your average wine, a little steep for the quality you get however

Appetizer: we had the fried calamari, which were OK, the sauce was good, I liked the fried jalapeno slices that were in the dish. Quite a bit of the pieces were actually just fried breading and not the calamari itself. Pretty good appetizer portion for 2 - 3 people, I would think

Bread basket:
warm and tasty! a good combination of different breads. Enjoyed it very much!

Entrees:
I had the vegetarian option, which was the summer cavatelli, a pasta dish. It was tasty, a bit heavy on the balsamic vinegar. I did like the tomatoes and the nice mushrooms that were in it. The pasta was a bit too al dente, but still pretty good

My boyfriend had the duck entree. He said the duck meat was tasty, but the amount was very small. Also, he was a bit put off with the combination of tastes (duck was on top of an egg-omlette thing, and next to it was a potato thing. He really enjoyed the potato, and I tried that and it was quite good. It was like scalloped potatoes but after they cut it into slices they put it all back into a potato shape. It was pretty unique and very tasty. If you're into combination of totally different flavors, this would probably work for you

Dessert:
we had the peach/blackberry cobbler w/ ice cream, and it was superb! the cobbler was warm and delicious, the bread part was very good, and the cold ice cream complemented everything perfectly. It was also a very large cobbler! Definitely good to share. Would highly recommend

Overall, the food was probably 3.5 stars, service was 4 - 4.5 stars, what knocked it down was that I got sick afterwards :-/
I love this place!  I have yet to eat dinner here, but the breakfast (both restaurant and room service) is wonderful.  The bar is superb (you can hang here for hours) and Chauncey is an absolute gem!

I have yet to get here in time for Happy Hour, but have heard that it is great!  I guess I need to cut my Appointments shorter my next visit.  Great cocktails and they really know how to make a Manhattan.
Upscale ambience, well-mixed cocktails and a fireplace. 

I've visited the Palomar a few times now, and it has the same trendy chic of other Kimpton hotels around the globe. I've been to several of them, and they are all impressive. 

The lounge is a bit small, with the crowd often extending into the hotel lobby and fireplace area. Not a problem, since servers seem to be everywhere. Even if the bar's jammed, you'll still get your drinks in a flash. Speaking of flash, it's definitely high-end, but without the pretenses of say, Rouge. The crowd is lively, and more exciting than any other hotel bar in town.

Definitely a welcome addition to the neighboorhood.
I heard about their all-you-can-eat pasta special for the Philly Marathon and decided I had to bring my runner friend before her big day. Just like the hotel, the restaurant has a very trendy, upscale atmosphere and didn't just seem like an ordinary "hotel restaurant". The entire staff  from the hostess to the server and the manager who came by to check on us, was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. Their cocktail menu had a variety of fun options, making it hard to decide, but I went with the nectar margarita. It was delicious and strong, just as I like it. We started our meal with Square baby greens and truffle popcorn. I'm a sucker for anything with truffle and the popcorn certainly lived up to its expectations. The bowl seemed bottomless and we couldn't stop. Shortly after our pasta dishes arrived in very generous portions. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the basil tomato sauce was delicious. I savored every last bite. I was too full to order a second plate, but that didn't stop my marathon friend. The second plate arrived in no-time. It ended up being a great deal. My other friend raved about the seared salmon and  her side of green beans. Completely stuffed, we managed to make room for dessert. It was a special occasion so we splurged with the pumpkin cheesecake, chocolate bread pudding, and apple pie. All were delicious but the favorite was definitely the bread pudding. We had a great meal and evening at Square, I will most certainly be returning for more!
The lunch menu had a lot of options that appeared tasty to choose from. However, the overall flavor of the dishes I tried coupled with the 2 hours it took for a lunch make this a not so great spot to try again on a workday or perhaps altogether.

I have to say the only highlights of the meal were the french fries with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce and the homemade ice cream that accompanied the desserts. The remainder of the food was forgettable and largely unsatisfactory. The chilled melon gazpacho soup was OK but room temperature and unfortunately over-blended (unfortunate it was blended at all in my opinion). The It's Always Sunny Chicken Sandwich (love the name) was super dry but at least had those great french fries. I'm not entirely sure how a lump of fried chicken topped with a fried egg ends up "dry" but that's the report I got so avoid it even if pulled in by the cute name. The ginger steamed cod was absolutely, positively lacking in any distinct flavor. I had really hoped that after the 1hr wait for our food it would be gingery and lovely but it was bland lukewarm water surrounding a stack of bland and unseasoned veggies topped with a piece of cod. Extremely disappointing.

There were however, a few positive notes to the lunch. The waiter was very nice and helpful although spent much of the meal arguing with the kitchen staff to get our orders (as he told us). The zucchini wrapped goat cheese appetizer went over well. The Beef Short rib sandwich made one diner quite pleased (although they seemed more excited before it arrived and took it apart during eating and left parts on the plate so...). The apple tart was pretty good too. This may be a nice spot for a couple of drinks and some wonderful homemade ice cream (particularly the cinnamon ice cream). However, I think this was probably my one and only visit to this establishment.
omigosh, SO good! Two girlfriends and I stopped in on a Saturday night for a late dinner. It was Restaurant Week, but we chose to order from the regular menu. I am glad we did. We started with the truffle popcorn (of course - free with check in) which we could not get enough of; too bad it wasn't bottomless. We shared the Bacon Wrapped Dates starter (there are six that are provided). I had the Lancaster Duck Two Ways (picture provided). I was dreaming about the rosemary potato galette for a week. The whole dish was great. 

Props to our server, Chip for being friendly and knowledgeable. He was living the dream that night! 

My friends ordered Custom Blend Burger and Filet Mignon. Like good children, we ate everything on our plates.
Slow slow service.  Sometimes they forgot things.  Granted, I went during DNC + lunch time.

The food during lunch was delicious.  My entire table got the set course meals and everything was good.  There was a lot of food.

Previously, I went for dinner and I was underwhelmed with the dinner food.  It was expensive and salty.
I had the chance to have dinner at Square on a Friday night and it was a great experience.  I was a few minutes late for my reservation and when I called to inform the hostess, she was so nice about it.  She even thanked me for calling once I finally got to the restaurant.  Let's talk dining room and decor... honestly I don't remember.  The place was nice and is part of the lobby of Hotel Palomar, but it wasn't nice enough for anything to stand out in my mind.  What I do remember is the maze I had to go through to use the restroom.  Since it is part of the hotel, the diners use the hotel facilities and it's a bit of a walk, but I lived so not the biggest deal.  After I was seated I looked through the drink menu and ordered the Fake/Fake.  It was nice and ginger-y.  I could've eaten 10 of the candied ginger pieces if they had given it to me.  While waiting to order I was brought a complimentary bowl of their truffle popcorn.  How fancy was that!  I usually hate popcorn, but I ate that one.  It had truffles in it!  

My meal was pretty fantastic.  I started with the Kale Cesar salad and it was delicious.  I don't usually eat vegetables, but I would definitely eat that salad again.  It was way more interesting than eating a Cesar salad with romaine lettuce.  For my entree I had the lamb short ribs with the cheddar cheese grits.  Can we say YUM!  The meat was cooked to the point where it jumped off the bone and the grits... more please.  The dish also came with broccoli, eh.  It's a basic vegetable, so... yeah.  I ended my meal with the white chocolate bread pudding with a tiny scoop of chocolate semi-fredo.  What a perfect way to end a meal; not to heavy and not too sweet.  

Aside from the yummy food, what sold me on Square was the service.  This place had some of the BEST service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  Our server, David, was AWESOME!  As many times we talked to him about something, he never seemed annoyed or bothered.  He, and the other members of the waitstaff, made it a pleasure to be there and I will definitely be back.
My friend heard about the "BYOD" (bring your own dog) here earlier this week so we decided to try this place out even though the byod was on Saturday the chef was able to whip up a nice chicken gelee dish for lil Milo; who devoured it in record time.
Shortly after sitting outside chef Guillermo Tellez came to our table and introduced himself...he was very personable and made us feel like very important people!  
I ordered the fritatta with gouda, basil, cilantro, red/yellow bell peppers, scallions and duck fennel sausage...pretty tasty but the gouda was just served on top of the fritatta rather than cooked in it...next time I would go with a different cheese.
My friend had an egg white fritatta with spinach, chorizo, and basil..she said it was very tasty as well.
My sister had the Brandywine River Texas Longhorn Burger w/
Pennsylvania blue cheese and garlic parm fries which are the best in the city...narrowly surpassing Kraftwork fries.
She said the burger was juicy, tender but not too heavy and it was one of the best in the city..after talking to my sis she just told me they left out the quail egg which she didn't seem to miss or realize until right now!

PROS
food
drinks- try the Persephone 
chef

CONS
after eating the waiter just brought out the check without asking if we wanted anymore drinks and it was literally right after the plates were picked up...I could understand rushing us out but there was practically nobody else there.  Its too bad because we each would of ordered another round but that is one of our pet peeves so we took our drinking money elsewhere.

We definitely will be back as it was a great choice for this lazy Sunday.
Not at all impressed with this place for breakfast. We were staying at Palomar and thought this would be a good option considering most of the restaurants attached to Kimptons are good quality, boy were we wrong. Service was so slow (and it was a very slow morning in there), breakfast menu very basic and very over priced. Coffee weak. Not worth $60 for 2 people for breakfast that didn't even have a mimosa. Don't waste your time or money.
We chose Square 1682 for the 6th night of Restaurant Week, and I was pleasantly surprised. They called ahead of time to confirm the reservation and ask about any food allergies, which has never happened before, and was much appreciated. There are so many mixed reviews- many with legitimate complaints, and not just people being difficult to please or unrealistic. 

We had an early reservation, and were seated right away. Although it was fine when we got there, once the restaurant filled up, we realized that the setup is a bit tight, as other diners had a hard time getting through the table to leave or go to the restroom.

Our server was Adam, and he was great- attentive and friendly. He had quite a bit of tables that he was taking care of, so we had to wait awhile to get our leftovers boxed up and ask for the check. Also, although they took note of my food allergies, they did not tell our server, so that seemed a bit pointless...

We had the cornbread that came with the Restaurant Week menu, and it was delicious. My boyfriend asked for more, and we were charged for it, which was interesting- I've never had a restaurant charge for extra bread, but oh well...We both started with the rigatoni, and I chose the everything salmon for dinner, and the peach cobbler for dessert. My boyfriend chose the jerk chicken and the chocolate cake for dessert. We both had Tito's with Sprite, and found the drinks to be nice and strong.

The rigatoni was very nice- the pasta was perfectly cooked, and the pesto was tasty. The salmon was interesting. I don't think I would have ever thought to put everything bagel seasoning on salmon, and I'm not really sure that it works so well. My boyfriend really enjoyed the jerk chicken. Dessert was pretty tasty UNTIL I found a large, hard piece of plastic in my peach cobbler. I didn't eat anymore of it after that, and our server never returned since the bill was paid at that point. My boyfriend enjoyed his chocolate cake.
I wish that restaurants understood the importance of good customer service, Square 1682 does not. Last month I dined here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and upon clearing our dinner plates, the assistant manager dropped a piece of truffle duck egg from my dinner plate onto my boot, ruining the leather boot.  He apologized and brought club soda but did not offer to comp our dinner or reimburse me for the expensive pair of boots. He ruined my boots and all I got was club soda.

My boyfriend called shortly after and asked to speak with a manager.  The manager said he would send us an "Incident Report" to complete and see what he could do about offering some form of reimbursement. He said he would call back and email us the form, he did not do either. My boyfriend has since called 3 times and every time the "manager is not available, I'll have them call you" but not a single person has been able to assist us, send us the form, or call us back to explain why we are being ignored.

I wish I could write a nice review of the food and ambiance of this place but I will not be doing that until I hear back from the manager.  If I hear back from them soon then I'll be back to update my review.  Until then, avoid this place and go to R2L.
Found myself at Square 1682 for cocktails and small plates (and to get out of the rain!) one night. Our server was incredibly friendly and helpful. Very knowledgable about Square's long list of elaborate craft cocktails. He walked us through the various characteristics of the options we were debating about, and made sure we ended up with something to our liking. We were not disappointed with our choices! Seems like there's something for every taste and the drink menu is organized by liquor type to help you narrow it down.

The late-night small plates menu was fairly limited. That being said, all sounded very tempting. We opted for marinated shrimp skewers and truffle fries. About five minutes after ordering, the head cook came to our table to apologize for the slow service because they were cutting up fresh potatoes. It felt like no time had passed at all (plus we were enjoying our amazing drinks), but it was a nice gesture. The food was worth the wait, which certainly was not as long as he had made it out to be.

Very happy to have discovered Square 1682, a very chic spot that whips up a mean cocktail. I hope to visit again to explore their full menu and determine whether or not Square is worthy of that fifth star!
My wife and I went here on Christmas Day after seeing some of the light displays in south Philly and around City Hall. Our reservations were at 8 and since we were a little early we were asked to sit down at the bar to wait for the open table. My wife ordered a beer and I ordered one of their cocktails. I ordered the We've Come So Far, Jerry which was like a hot toddy. It was very good and tasted like something you would want to have after being out in the snow. The bartender was a little aloof in my opinion, but he was working the whole restaurant himself, so that might have something to do with it. 

At around 8:20, the hostess came around to say our table was ready. Actually I had to wave her down to let her know who we were since she went to the wrong couple at first and then started to walk right by us. They had a special Christmas Dinner menu and at first we were going to order the 5 course meal, but that seemed a little too much for late night. Instead we ordered A la carte, which was a little pricey in some cases. My wife ordered the Loaded Hasselback Potato and Jerk Chicken and I ordered the Bok choy and Chilean Sea Bass. As far as my meal, the bok choy was good, but one of the over priced items in my opinion. The crunch of the cashews was a nice touch. The Sea Bass was cooked well and the truffle whipped potatoes were awesome; I could have ate those all night. The fish itself had very little flavor and I could barely taste the citrus buerre blanc, which would have helped with the fish. My wife's potato was overcooked on the ends and the skin was very tough. Once she got into the middle of the potato it was much better. She didn't think much of the Jerk Chicken. She did like the hot sauce it came with but the chicken itself was nothing to write home about. 

Our server was very good and very friendly. She was really the highlight of the night. The place itself is really nice inside and we got to sit next to a window which was great. Overall, I felt it was somewhat overpriced and the quality wasn't as good as it should have been.
My husband and I stayed at the lovely Palomar hotel in Philadelphia and went to the bar a couple of times.  We were unable to make it for happy hour because we were out exploring the city, but it offered some great deals.  We did have a drink here at the bar where we had Dan.  He was a fantastic bartender.  We ordered a classic blinker and a classic boulevardier.  Both strong and tasty, just how I like my drinks.  He was a great mixologist, as well as a lovely conversationist.  He gave us suggestions on places to go while we were there.  He was so friendly.  I also grabbed a coffee after a long day of walking around, and the bar manager was so kind and got me a coffee. If we lived in Philadelphia we would most definitely eat and have drinks here often,  for we have come to learn that the bars/restaurants that are attached to Kimpton hotels are usually stellar.  We have one here and in Alexandria that we enjoy. 
Kudos to this place, it was  just lovely.
I truly enjoyed dining at Square 1682. The complimentary truffle popcorn was delicious and the shrimp lettuce cups were a great appetizer, bearing out the calamari we ordered which was a bit too salty and over fried. 

My entree was delicious. The halibut was cooked perfectly and had nice vegetable compliments. My date's Amish chicken almost melted in my mouth and I was jealous I didn't get to eat more of his dish! 

The restaurant comped us a free cheesecake dessert with panna cotta and that was absolutely exquisite. The tart berries truly made that dessert one of the best I've had in a long time. The pumpkin bread pudding was different than what I'm accustomed to and not as moist as I would have hoped for seeing as bread pudding is my favorite dessert. 

Our waitress also left something to be desired as she was a bit clumsy, bumping into our table on occasion and knocking my purse off the chair. She also forgot the specials of the evening and mispronounced a few dishes which surprised me considering the caliber of restaurant. 

I really appreciated the attention of some of the other waiters and the chef asking how we enjoyed everything and wishing me a happy anniversary. I'm an attention whore so the free dessert and attention of the restaurant staff are what bumps Square 1682 from 3 to 4 stars for me. 

Overall, we had a great experience and would consider coming back.
We are guests at the hotel so decided to have dinner here last night. I ordered the Amish chicken and my husband had the pork chop. Not bad not good either. Seemed something a first year chef would have served up. Service was ok. Cocktail menu needs reviewing. All in all I would "possibly" eat there again but I would not recommend it.
We went here while staying at the Palomar hotel. It was nice because it wasn't too busy. We just had bacon wrapped dates and some cocktails. The staff was very friendly !
Ordinarily, I am not a fan of hotel restaurants.  In fact I loathe them.  So when I heard some good press on Square 1682, I was wary.   Wary no more.

Went for lunch today with a recruit for the office -- first off, the bi-level restaurant is a very attractive, sleek space, with really cool dishware, and surprisingly comfortable seating.  Service was just eh -- on one hand, the servers were extremely attentive and brought refills of sodas with precision, on the other hand, they got plates confused, offered mediocre dish descriptions, and removed my plate before my dining companion had finished his meal. 

Food was very solid.  A nice bread basket was placed on the table, served with garlic olive oil and butter.  For appetizer, I had the bacalao dish, which was bold yet light, and had a nice acidity from the tomato-based sauce.   A steamed cod entree was also solid and well prepared, although the "broth" was WAY oversalted (to the point it really shouldn't have come out of the kitchen).  I did enjoy the wasabi wonton served with the dish.   My dining companion also enjoyed his ham app and salmon main (both looked deelish). Strong coffee rounded out a good, efficient, and fairly priced lunch.

For me, this is a great addition to the sit-down CC lunch option list.
Having a client in downtown Philly, I always look for a restaurant within walking distance of their office when I treat them to lunch.  This time, it was Square 1682's turn.  First off, I need to mention that Square 1682 was very accommodating when I made the reservation.  I explained the business nature of the meal and people typically drop off or get added at the last minute.  No problem here...the receptionist told me they'll open space for as many as 10.  Perfect.  Myself and 7 guests were promptly seated upon arrival.

Right after we were seated, they started plopping bowls of popcorn in front of us smothered in truffle oil butter.  My god this stuff was awesome.  Like habit forming awesome.  We all had to be careful not to fill up on it.  I ordered the blend burger with calamari.  The burger was huge and tasty and came with some pretty awesome garlic parmesan fries.  The calamari was perfectly breaded and came with a zesty garlic aioli.  The portion sizes are American huge, so desert was pretty much out of the question for all of us.  Oh, and give the sparkling mint lemonade a try.

Finally, the service was spot on throughout.  Meals came out in a very timely manner and waters were filled before they were empty.  Oh, and we all hymned and hawed so much about the popcorn that they sent us each home with a bag of our own.  A very nice touch indeed.
Stopped in for brunch.  Friendly staff and comfortable seating.  Kind of middle of the road hotel restaurant I'd say. Had the blueberry pancakes, which were pretty good. Kind of wish the portion was bigger at $16 but it was a pleasant experience.  Cocktail list had a pretty varied list of drinks so I had to get out of the curiosity. Got the Four Reasons Unknown as it had more unusual ingredients in it. Drink itself was pretty good, nice finish. Found it overpriced though at around $15. Had too much ice and of low quality so the drink was watered down almost as soon as it arrived. I think for something at that pricepoint it shouldnt be the case.  
Other than that, it was fine.
Service was great and the cocktails, duck wings and mushroom appetizer were really good! Definitely will return.
Every year, I attend the High Tea Ladies Luncheon and we pick a different restaurant to break bread with one another.  This year's restaurant pick was Square 1682.  (I'm not going to lie, I wanted to go to another restaurant near the place where we have our tea, but because it was St. Patrick's Day, we couldn't get reservations.)  And I'm glad that we ended up at Square 1682 because we had an excellent meal and excellent service.

Let me start by saying that the restaurant's decor is on the minimalist chic end of things.  Rustic wood tables and reclaimed wood panels with understated glass fixtures accompany the dining area.  Our table was actually placed next to the open kitchen and we were grateful considering the coolness of the evening's weather.  (Word of caution, if you are frequent potty user, the restrooms are on the second floor.  You may want to consider how much fluids you consume while on the premises since you have to hike up a flight of stairs.  LOL!)

Now onto the food...  I'm the type of person who could make a meal out of appetizers, but since we had such a large party, I decided to calm myself down and just sample from the lot that we ordered.  And we ordered all but two or three of the appetizer menu.  Bacon Wrapped Dates, Hummus, Calamari, Mussels, Cheese Board and the Sauteed Gnocchi. (I told you that these women can eat.)  My personal favorites were the calamari served with Shishito peppers and Cajun remoulade and the mussels served with Thai curry, coconut broth, lemongrass, ginger, cilantro, country bread.  Overcooked calamari and mussels can be a nightmare and this seafood was a beautiful dream.  Everything was flavorful and perfectly cooked.  Honestly, all of the appetizers that we had were tasty, these two were just my personal favorites.

With regards to our entrees, again we ordered and I sampled most of the menu.  Grilled Swordfish, Scottish Salmon, Hangar Steak Frites, Braised Short Rib (My pick), Cauliflower Curry and the Garden Salad and Beet Salad.  Whew!  You know that's a lot of food, but we chowed down like nobody's business.  My beef short ribs were tender and fall apart tender AND unlike a number of restaurants where the executive chef dictates what dishes can be comprised of, this restaurant "allowed" me to have rice served with my meal.  I was "potatoed" out that day and so appreciative of the substitution.  And I am not usually a fan of "vegan" entrees, but that Cauliflower Curry served with chickpeas, fresno peppers, spinach, cilantro, yogurt and basmati rice was slap your mama delightful!  It was succulent enough where you truly didn't miss meat but you were fully satisfied with the lusciousness of the entrée.  That cauliflower was treated with R-E-S-P-E-C-T!  Now that's coming from a carnivore who loves their meat, so that's saying something.  The fish dishes (Salmon and Swordfish) were also well prepared with the salmon skin coming out crispy, but the flesh was moist.  Nice hat trick!

Overall, me likey!  I would definitely go back again just for the appetizers, but then I would miss out on the great entrees.
I really like Square 1682. I should have reviewed it  previously for the food as I have eaten here a few times (once for my birthday lunch last year with my daughter...and the food was delicious and the outdoor seating was divine.)
Today, however, my friend and I were here for one thing and one thing alone...the cocktails. Sunday afternoon in the city...we're not hungry but we are, well, *thirsty* and we both were happy with the large picture windows, sweet bar and great cocktail menu. (Bonus was we got a corner at the bar which makes for better conversation).
The bartender mixed beautiful whiskey, vodka etc.. drinks that we ordered from the menu and each one was balanced, elegant and delicious. I told him at one point, I wanted tequila but no margarita with no sweet flavor and he whipped up a delicous tart tequila drink for me. 
As I said, the food is great...I've had it. But the bar is really great too...a nice place to come for a day drink, nightcap or delicious bar food. You won't be dissapointed.
The lobster bisque wasn't what I expected. It tasted more like a tomato soup but was still good.

The surf 'n turf was cooked perfectly and had great flavor but the ricotta toast was a bit on the bland side.

We went for dinner around 6:30pm on a Thursday and were the only ones there.

If possible I would give this place a 3.5 rating.
A friend decided to have her birthday here and we came a bit early to grab a drink.  Walking through the door, we realized we were here before years ago for drinks.  We were seated at a hightop table for eight people.  This place had a comfortable feel to it in a intimate setting.  

This menu had a lot of small plates, but almost everyone in our group got the Chef's menu, which was a small plate, large plate, cocktail and a dessert.  A decent value for $36.  I wanted a variety though, so I went with the small plates.  Cornbread, duck wings, and pumpkin ravioli.  My wife and I split food, so I don't remember what was just "mine"...  She also went with the large jerk short rib, which was extremely tender with decent jerk flavor.   I enjoyed the entire meal, but as a fan of cornbread, I felt this was just average.  I might have been in  the minority in my group, but it was totally acceptable.  

The cocktails were decent, even though I couldn't pronounce the one I wanted.  Cold Brew Boulevardier.  Completely butchered the name, but no one made fun of me for that.  I think I went with the Legends of the fall next, which had jim beam rye and figs.  I'm a huge fan of rye and figs, so this was delicious...  Sadly, my wife enjoyed it too and wanted as much as she could take...  Which was a lot...  Ugh...  

The weirdest thing was the bathroom situation.  Since this was a part of the hotel, the people had to go upstairs and around a corner.  Some of our group got lost a few times and we thought about sending a search party, but I'm also not surprised that they got lost...  Based on the people, not the directions given...  Also, someone through in a stink bomb while eating into the hotel and ran away...  We thought it was a gunshot or something and saw people running, until we smelled it. The bartender grabbed some rosemary and a blowtorch, freshening the air for us.  I thought that was an awesome solution to the problem
I visited this restaurant again, this time on a weekday afternoon with my mom. Although I was disappointed that we couldn't get entrees at 4 pm (only small plates and burgers), the food was delicious! My mom couldn't stop raving about the smoky sauce on the mussels, and the mussels themselves were small, but not tiny, and very tender and fresh. The burgers we had were both awesome, and my mom's came with the most flavorful thin-cut Parmesan fries. I can't wait for my next visit!
My coworkers and I dined here last night for restaurant week and had a great time! I ordered the Caesar salad, salmon and bread pudding. Caesar salad was very good and refreshing, but nothing exciting to rave about. I loved everything about my salmon. Perfect amount and I did not feel heavy after eating the dish. The potatoes were perfect and paired so well with the dish. The bread pudding was outstanding, but it was basically a chocolate lava cake. I was expecting a more traditional bread pudding, but this entire dessert was chocolate. Very fudgy, moist, sweet and decadent.

A few coworkers tried the lobster bisque, crispy chicken and cauliflower curry. No one made a comment about the bisque so not sure if they enjoyed it or not. But everyone commented on how delicious the chicken and cauliflower curry were. 

I've dined here before outside of restaurant week and always had a great experience. Staff is friendly and professional. Restaurant is casual and sophisticated. Perfect location in the city.
My friends an I came here on Saturday to sit on the "patio" with it dogs, as advertised in the flyer. Don't be fooled, there's no patio. It's just side outdoors seating, which is fine, but not what we expected. 

First off, our waiter was super accommodating to our pets, he brought us a water bowl and water refills. We ordered the peanut butter cookies(for dogs) and he brought out one for every dog. The dogs LOVED these. All cookies were devoured. I also tasted these cookies....not recommended for humans ahaha. 

We originally came here for bottomless mimosas/sangria (also as advertised) but when we got there, we found out it wasn't bottomless. The mimosas were only $2 though, so still an awesome deal. 

I ordered the egg sandwich and home fries. The home fries were pretty mediocre, but I really enjoy the sandwich. I thought the egg was cooked well and the flavors were light and simple which I appreciated so I could drink more. 

I'd definitely come back for the $2 mimosas...
I frequent this place about three times a month.  I like the bar and lounge area and typically either one of those two places.  Menu is large and food is good.  They have probably my faovrite drink in the city, a pomegrante mojiot with crushed jalapenos.  Unreal.

Food... A+.. Last night I had Tuna and Short ribs (UNREAL), lobster burritos, and scallops.  Other occasions I have had the hummus, striped bass and roasted veggies.

Place is good and the upstair dining is really intimate.  Hotel bars are underrated.  I get sick of seeing the same old city folk when I go out.  It is nice to see different people from around the country... Last night was no different.
Staying at the Palomar for 600 bucks a night, ordered a hamburger and chocolate mouse via room service from Square 1682 and they completely forgot my order!  I called back an hour later after the kitchen is closed and they said they can comp my meal for the next day. How the hell is that supposed to help me now? Staying late in my room working and trying to prepare for the next day and now I have to go scavenge the streets of Philly to try to find a meal.
It's alright.
Nice location. 
Nice vibe. It's pretty quite so you can actually have the conversation with your friends.
Square 1682 was a fun place with good cocktails. The ambiance is nice and cozy. I ordered the purple rain drink off the menu and it was so pretty! It was good, a little tart but I liked it. We didn't order food but the menu looked good. The services was great and you can tell the bartenders take pride in their cocktails. Would definitely come back for a fun drink!
Ok I am not sure what they put in the water here, but it's the best water I have had in Philadelphia! Maybe it's the placebo effect of it being served in a glass bottles...bravo Square, bravo! 
Ok onto the food review. It's absolutely delicious! I came here for lunch with some coworkers and we ordered the lunch special which came with a soup or salad, one meal and dessert or fruits . I got the cauliflower soup, the superfood salad and the cup of fruit. I LOVED the super food salad it came with quinoa, avocado, almonds, and shrimp topped with vinaigrette. It was way too delicious and flavorful and didn't make you want to nap at 3pm after eating it. The portion sizes were just right for lunch time!
Due to our just OK experience before, I was very reluctant to try Square 1682 again - but a voucher for a free app (we chose the Lemon Hummus - very good BTW) and a close friend who works near there convinced me to return.

We sat upstairs with Keshia again - and this time service was great because there were only 2-3 tables occupied.

The chopped salad at $13 is a bit steep for lunch - but fresh and tasty.
But I wish I'd had the salmon (my friend got it and it looked - and she said it was - wonderful).

Close to 4 stars this time but for the price ($45 for lunch for 2 no dessert, no booze) is just too high.

This is clearly an expense account place.
And for a "hotel restaurant" it's great.
The hubs and I met here last night for drinks per the suggestion of our yelper peers.

The atmosphere was fantastic. The bartenders were nice, the hostesses took our coats immeadiately and it wasn't as pretentious as they'd like you to believe it is. I love the columns of gold links on either side of the bar. I commented to my husband that I wanted a bracelet that looked like the links.

We stayed for two drinks and left fairly drunk. Hubs had two old fashioneds which were out of this world (and Im not usually a brown liquor kind of girl) and I had the grapefruit vesper: Gin, Ruby Red Absolut and Lillet. It was amazing. The bartenders were very attentive and nice, doing the rounds to make sure that we didn't have an empty glass and chatting about how the drinks tasted, etc.

I will probably go back here...but the prices were kind of high. $46 for four drinks...eek

xo
Came here for lunch this afternoon..  We started with the house-smoked salmon, which was delightful.  Dining companion had the short rib sandwich with horseradish cream and watercress.  She definitely won the entree contest.  The horseradish was the perfect balance to the rich short rib, watercress was fresh and crunchy, bread was,if not fresh baked, delivered from someone who knows what they're doing.  Served with purple potato chips and house-made pickle (which was also awesome.

I had the skirt steak with ratatouille and semolina cake.  Can't remember the description of the dish perfectly now, but I assume they must have said something about sauce.  Sauce.  So much sauce.  I'm sure it wasn't just straight up A-1 or whatever, but it wasn't much of an improvement on that sort of generic steak-sauce-y taste.  And there was way too much of it.  

On the plus side.. this is a new place.  Apparently the lunch menu just started next week or something.  If the short rib sandwich is any indication, there's definitely some potential here.  The bar menu is also supposed to start soon, and there were a few dishes there that sound like they'll be contenders.  Crispy maitake mushrooms in particular...  Also, service was good, bartender was informed about the menu and attentive.
I'll start by saying that, yes, this is a nice place.  I can't fault them just because I'm not the kind of person who likes to pay $10 for a drink.  Some people are into that.  

I went here to see how they'd revamped the old AIA bookstore into a booze store.  Very nice.  But it's dark and cramped and pricey.  Not inviting like a place you'd frequent, but maybe like a place where you'd have a drink before dinner.  It's a hotel bar, definitely.  I don't think I'll be going back, but it was great to see what they did with the space.
Preface: This is a Restaurant Week Review

Although Square 1682 was a pleasant restaurant week experience on the whole and delivered on atmosphere with its warm lighting, cork ceilings and modern earth toned wood fixtures. The chinks in that well polished armor Square 1682 sports became apparent as the evening wore on. Lets begin where the meal ended, shall we?
 
No one likes to have the last impression of a restaurant to be poor. Sadly, this was exactly the case at Square 1682. Nearly every dessert on the restaurant week pre-fixed menu fell short in some small way. Be it ice crystals in the gelato, a pet-peeve of one of my dining associates, to the Caffe con Leche Panna Cotta with steamed milk and an almond-cinnamon biscotti  which was an improvement in the desert spectrum yet carried with it its own fallacies, namely a muted flavor; but this may have been due to the fact that I was drinking a very respectable cappuccino with a mocha flavored dessert. The Apple Cider Fritters with madagascar vanilla bean ice cream and apple cider caramel won out as the best confection in my book. Though deemed too sweet by some in my party, which was true, I found them a perfect with my aforementioned cappuccino. The cinnamon and sugar married well with apple - a welcome update to a classic. Also, an honorable mention should be made to the great biscotti served along side Panna Cotta, they were crisp and yet not in the least stale - a grand accompaniment for the  cappuccino as well. 

As for the main course, well - all I can attest to is that the fish and chips were a grandiose disappointment. Toro was used in place of chips, which only added to the surprising lacking favor. If it were not for the dipping sauces the dish would have had no flavor what-so-ever. I will admit that the dish was not in the least greasy nor was the fish over cooked. It was simply a blank canvas when it came to the flavor profile of the dish as a whole. My dining companions had good things to say about the goat chili and bad things to day about the Lobster Paella but as I did not partake I will refrain from judging.

Finally, there was the creme de la creme of the meal - the appetizer, particularly, the rock octopus with thinly sliced artichoke in a lemon olive oil dressing. This was without a doubt the best part of the meal. The flavors of the dish were harmonious and the texture of the octopus was done just right - resilient but not tough. In fact, I would  be on the merit on this dish alone that I would return to Square 1682.
So, if you find yourself one night sitting in 1682 wondering how to start your meal - heed my advice and get the octopus, then consider getting a drink and hitting the road.
This restaurant will probably hold a special place in my heart because this is where I chose to have a nice intimate lunch with my boyfriend on our first date. I don't have to go into how anxiety ridden first dates can be, so I wanted somewhere that I knew the service would be on point, the food interesting and delicious and the drink menu varied enough to match the food without it being unapproachable.

Most importantly, I needed a place close to both of our workplaces yet not trodden by the hordes of business people looking for a sandwich. I wanted to hear what my date was saying and feel any potential chemistry without distractions. I wanted a place where the ambiance was comfortably upscale. Square fulfilled these criteria perfectly.

Since our first lunch date, we've returned recently for a late dinner. We were seated close to the expo kitchen and could see the care that is put into every dish. My boyfriend ordered the salmon and I ordered the lamb short ribs. Both were cooked perfectly and their accompaniments really highlighted the flavors. 

The service was great yet again.  Our server was nice enough to get us both a taste of wine when we were undecided on which glass to pair with the salmon. In the end, the unknown wine varietal was perfect.

I really hope to come back for a happy hour and perhaps celebrate our anniversary which all started at Square.
I can't say enough great things about this establishment. Stayed at the hotel, and had breakfast here for 3 consecutive days. There is not one bad item on the menu, whether you're searching for vegetarian options or not all Your requests are accommodated!

Had the egg sandwich,  the salad, and an omelet, the boyfriend had a burger- that onion ham was just that good. 

They also serve mighty leaf tea, which is a Divine way to end a meal. Their drip coffee is very rich and tasty. 

Can't wait to be back.
The restaurant located in the lobby of Hotel Palomar, Square 1682 is, like the Kimpton Hotel it is attached to, the seemingly flawless blend of classic and modern. The restaurant in particular has almost a steampunk feel. A hotel that prides itself on the usage of recycled material, the ceiling is comprised of some kind of wood element. The chandelier in the street entrance of the restaurant is a four-tier wooden, rope, and lightbulb construction. It's quite impressive. Although it is by no means my style of decor, somehow it works. Really well. Each table in the restaurant is a setting of high-backed chairs of red and black, with a single bulb and an oversized teardrop encasement. Again, very industrial, and not typically my style, yet it works. Especially at night.

I prefer sitting in the corner of the restaurant, where dark wine-colored booths line the wall. Industrial, stem-punk-esaue round iron tables with some sort of lever that may or may not function as a height adjustor serve as my dining table. The booths are paired with classy, sleep chairs of gold and dark wood. Perhaps my favorite chair-and-table combination in the entire hotel.

And the food? I entered the restaurant a weary traveler in need for some brunch. What I had was the best eggs benedict I've ever had, with pork belly and the perfect biscuit. The next day I had the creme brulee french toast, with mascarpone filling and warm blueberry compote. Easily the best french toast I've ever had.

The last night I stayed, I ordered room service for dinner, and had the Lancaster Duck Confit with Lingonberry mustard on buttermilk toast, and a side of the truffle popcorn. It was the perfect end to my stay.
Admittedly, I was there for Restaurant Week, which isn't necessarily the most accurate time to review a restaurant.

But the food was awesome. Unlike most participating RW restaurants, Square 1682 let us pick three dishes off of the whole menu.
 
The seared mini-scallops in wasabi potato puree were outstanding. The lobster bisque served over a duck confit ravioli was good. Not amazing, but I have no complaints. The black cod in porcetta was yummy. The apple cider fritters were TO DIE FOR. And the drinks were tasty too.

The service was friendly and helpful, if a little slow for a Monday night where the restaurant wasn't full.

Still, I'll be back.
This was a very pleasant and enjoyable Restaurant Week experience. The staff were very welcoming and nice. We entered and were escorted upstairs to the restaurant seating area, downstairs is the bar. The decor is warm with dark wood tones, deep reds, and cork ceiling with soft lighting. I ordered the lemon humus which was serviced in a jar with the lid being removed by the server. This looked very pretty but defeated my efforts to get every last smear out of it. The humus itself has a very pleasant aroma of lemon and a spicy kick. I felt the amount of humus to pits wedges ratio to be off because I ran out of wedges before spread. Luckily we still had the complimentary bread basket. For my main course I chose the PA Goat Chili. It was delicious. The beans were cooked perfectly, there was a little heat to the dish but nothing overpowering. The goat was in two forms in the dish, ground in the chili itself and slow cooked pulled placed delicately on top of the cornbread crowning the dish. The corn bread was a little too sweet for my tastes but I understand that it was meant to contrast the salinity of the chili. On to the desserts and drinks. I enjoyed the apple fritters. The reminded me of homemade doughnuts from my childhood all covered in cinnamon and sugar. I ordered the "Colonial" which is rye whiskey and the Root Snap with apply cider. It was strong and delicious! This place is definitely worth checking out.
I was pretty impressed by this restaurant, not going to lie. First of all it LOOKED lovely, with a nice attention to detail--from the square napkins and square menus, to the little two segment dishes that contained butter and olive oil for the lovely bread basket. The private dining room we had for a work function was quiet, secluded, and featured a seriously impressive modern chandelier hanging above our table. 

The service was great, pleasant and nonintrusive, but one diner was brought the wrong dish, and then had to wait while the rest of us were served--that was the one complaint. Everyone else really liked their food. My ginger steamed cod was light and flavorful, and the lemongrass broth poured over it tableside was a nice touch. The pickled vegetables added a contrasting crunch, and the "potato and wasabi dumpling" (essentially wasabi mashed potatoes in a crispy shell) was awesome. It was a smaller portion than some of the sandwiches my fellow diners ordered, but I liked that--I didn't leave feeling gross.

It was reasonably priced, $12 for my entree, many of the other diners ordered the $16.82 special which seems like an awesome value to me, especially considering you can substitute sorbet for the cookie--sorbet that burst with fresh mango flavor and even mango slices beneath it.

It's a little fancy for the every-day lunch, but for a special occasion I could definitely see myself returning.
Came in for drinks recently and saw Robert Irvine hanging out at the bar!  Aside from that, the drinks here are really fantastic.  I had the persephone cocktail with appleton rum, pomegranate juice, fresh lime juice and muddled mint and jalepenos-- delicious!  The jalepenos really gave it an interesting kick.  The bartender was on her game- she was super fast/efficient and pretty friendly.  

There was an interesting mix of young/old clientele.  Some Main Line snobs in fur coats, youngish 20-30 something year old professionals and a sprinking of older, seedier looking people groping each other. All in all, this is a great place for a cocktail and I will probably be back.
Well this a great option for a quick business lunch in the city, however, before they had the upstairs open with tons of seating but apparently that has closed so we were squished near the front entrance and some small tables were pushed together for us. Not a huge deal, but being near the door when it was hot, humid and rainy out wasn't too great. Also, there were a lot of random flies?

So the food is actually pretty great. I was there with four guys from work and everyone enjoyed everything they ordered (pictures attached). I got the spinach salad with Amish chicken and it had awesome light dressing and TONS of flavor, the chicken was pretty good too but parts of it were a tad dry. We ordered the calamari to split between the 5 of us and it was plenty. It was light and crispy and flavorful, the sauce it came with was awesome! We also split the cookie, and it was super chocolatey, and kind of soft, so pretty good! I do love that they leave the water container at the table so we could refill it ourselves. The waiter we had seemed slightly distracted, and a little confused, but maybe it was the bad weather! Our food came out really fast too...during lunch rush!

Overall great place if you get a normal table, with lots awesome options and pretty good prices for the quality of food!
I loved the feel and atmosphere of this place!
I was looking for a place for dinner in the area and this was great! The wine is a little over priced but the beer in on point! We started with stuffed figs and beef tartar. It was delicious!
Very flavorful and fresh! For dinner we ordered the Branzino and grilled octopus. The Branzino was great and the sauce that accompanied it was nice and light. The octopus had room for improvement. They paired that with blood oranges and it over powered the octopus. The preparation was great but the sauce needed to go. 
I also didn't care for the policy that you had to sit at specific tables for happy hour. We were already in the bar at a hightop
Some coworkers and I ate here for lunch this week. Luckily we got there before Noon because it filled up pretty quickly. The service was well above average. Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable, but no one really seemed thrilled to be working there.

The food was just OK. The lunch menu is small and offers unique items as well as chic upgrades on classics, such as ($15-17) burgers. The entrée portions are generous and plate presentation looked nice.

The complimentary truffle popcorn was possibly the most flavorful thing I ate here. I tried the bacon-wrapped dates. They were yummy, but honestly I couldn't taste much besides the bacon...and I got them because of the goat cheese (where was it?). I also tried the crab and avocado toast (the sourdough was perfect), and had the black bean burger lunch combo.

The "burger" itself had a great flavor, but it was a tad dry and completely fell apart. I ate most of it with a fork. (Someone else got the same thing and his was fine, so maybe mine was a fluke.) It was served with fried zucchini, which was so greasy I couldn't finish it. The dipping sauce was nondescript and bland. I chose the soup of the day as my starter, which was carrot gazpacho -- not bad, definitely interesting...but a little strange as a gazpacho, in my opinion. The cookie of the day was oatmeal chocolate chip. It was huge and soft, but not very exciting...the flavor was missing something.

Just a head's up: the restrooms are not inside the restaurant. You go out a side door, up the stairs, on to another floor in the building...and then you have to remember which unmarked door to go back through. It was a little odd.

Given the opportunity to return, I would likely request we try somewhere else, but I can't say it was all bad. Overall our experience was positive, I just think some tweaking of recipes might be needed.
Loving the comeback of Square 1682.  Starting with the food, they are doing all the right things now. 
Get the warmed corn bread with any thing you order, and try the best duck wings you've ever had while you're at it.  You're welcome. 

Oh and don't know the night they do it, but the DJ nights are worth checking out too for a solid pre game.
This restaurant is great. The atmosphere is dark and classy, but not so dark you can't see your menu, and not stuffy at all. The bartender and waiter were both friendly and helpful. My lamb shank was huge, and the bulgar wheat that came with it was flavored with something sweet and addictive, maybe butterscotch?? What a delicious meal. My drink was strong but tasty, and my pecan pie/pumpkin ice cream dessert was the perfect size to satisfy but not stuff me. The ice cream was topped with bacon, which was a first for me, but which lent an interesting flavor to the dessert as a whole. I would love to eat at this restaurant again.
I dined here with a co-worker tonight and was impressed by the food. My first impression upon walking in was that the atmosphere was hip and stylish. We were sat in the back window where it was cozy and dimly lit. My cornbread was warm with rich flavor and pulled apart so easily. For my main course I got the grilled market fish which was a fish I've never heard of, but I gave it a chance based on the waitress' description. It came out covered in greens and was seasoned very nicely. The cauliflower was charred with a touch of paprika on top which was a nice side to accompany the white fish. Overall it was an enjoyable night, but I must admit that service was slow. It wasn't even close to packed and took quite some time to get our orders in, as well as the check. The bathroom was also on the second floor which is a little bit inconvenient. I'd say this is a nice spot to dine out with a friend or co-worker with a calm setting.
So when I book a reservation here I didn't realize it is the Kimpton hotel's restaurant and I have to say when we rolled down Samson and hit 17th I was a little disappointed when I saw Square attached to a hotel.  We were seated upstairs to a mostly empty dining room directly next to a talkative table of three.  This also had me thinking that we weren't going to enjoy this place.  Quickly, I discovered I was wrong.  First and foremost, our server, Tim, was outstanding.  He was soft spoken and very helpful with the drinks and the dining menu.  It is rare that a server adds to my dining experience.  The menu was solid, nothing too special but easy for us to decide.  We got the octopus, squash soup, pan roasted and confit amish chicken, and the pork chop.  All four things were delightful especially the entrees.  They were simple and really well prepared.  
This place isn't the most talked about restaurant in town but I would recommend it to anyone.
I was drawn into Square 1682 thanks to an Open Table promotion and the yelp check-in offer (free truffle popcorn).  Once there, I was impressed with the service and menu, so we ordered more.  Needless to say, I don't know what took me so long to write this review since my experience was pretty top notch.

We started with the Calamari and the aforementioned popcorn.  The Calamari came with a variety of peppers and a was very lightly breaded.  I can easily recommend.  As for the popcorn, they didn't go cheap on the truffle oil, which was awesome.  I don't think I would have ordered them without the check in offer, but after having them would order them again.

We followed with the Lamb Short Ribs and Duck Breast.  The duck was completed with parsnips, pomegranate, and a dash of sherry. It was juicy and every bite was delish.  The lamb was served on grits.  Like the duck, it was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth.  I'm glad we choose those options, but was disappointed we were too full for dessert.  Well played Square 1682.

I've since been back and enjoyed similar delicious experience.  I'll spare the details and jump to the cliff notes: fab-u-lous.  I'll be back again I'm sure...
Order these two items and you won't be disappointed: Bacon wrapped dates (appetizer), Short ribs (entree) 

You can thank me later.
The venue is kind of hard to miss once you're around there.. the sign is very big and I felt this strong urge to step in and check out what could possibly be going on in there.. Looks very fancy.

Once I entered the door, the excitement kind of vanished. Cool decor but small space and nothing spectacular. It seemed to attract many out-of-towners as it's on the ground floor of a hotel. I tried the mushroom tempura and the yakitori set. Tempura was a miss while the yakitori set was really delish. It was pretty pricey but I was well expecting this due to its appearance and location.

Pros: Wine list, Cocktail list
Cons: kind of boring.

PS. I did love how everything was in the "square" form.
Had an absolutely fantastic meal here tonight. The service was exceptional. In fact,  when we got there our table was ready to go, including a high chair already set up for my son.

The tile fish was amazing. The same goes for the rest of the meal. We will be adding this place to our regular list.
Our friend made a reservation for her birthday here for a Friday night. As soon as we walked in I remembered stopping at this place before for a  drink but I think we left without ordering anything. This was before we started going to craft cocktail bars. I liked the atmosphere that was dark and romantic. It was a little bit of a challenge finding the bathroom as you had to walk up a bunch of steps but I eventually found it. 

Drinks were very creative and tasted like some of the craft cocktails we get from our favorite speakeasy bars. I ordered the apple a day drink which was good but very sweet. Like always I liked my husband's drink better, I think he ordered legends of fall. I like bourbon drinks and it had fig which I also love. I don't know why I didn't order it, but I took a lot of his drink. 

I ordered the chef's menu. It seemed like a pretty good deal for $36 I got one small plate, one large plate and one dessert. My husband just ordered a couple small plates of his own and we split everything. All the food was very good. The cornbread was warm and buttery. The duck wings were a little spicy but tangy and really liked the sesame flavor on it. I got the pumpkin ravioli because I've been craving it since the one I got at amis was awesome and I wanted more. This was good but not as good as Amis. Could have used a little more brown butter and more pumpkin flavor. 

We split the jerk short rib for our meal. The short rib was so tender and flavorful and I loved the sweet potato purée that came with it. For dessert I ordered the affogato. Very creamy and I loved the espresso on top- great end to the meal. As a bonus we also ate my friend's apple cobbler because it was given to her complimentary and she didn't want it. 

We all had a fun night and I definitely want to come back to try some other drinks at the bar.
WOOOOOOOOW!

Exactly! It's not a word....it's a SOUND that indicates that something was enjoyed, loved, desired,  to the fullest; so much so, that words can not express.

Our waiter, Adam, was awesome. He was attentive and supportive, without being 'too much'......like your favorite cousin!

As an official "FOODIE," and all around 'THICK CHICK!' I had to rate this supreme venue on 3 areas:

1. Presentation- The visual display was on POINT! Our Beet salad was delightfully place in a 9" round bowl, with the thick dressing smeared on one side of the bowl. The Sweet Potato Bisque was served in a mini crock pot; just beautiful...to match its smooth and creamy taste.

2. Taste- OBVIOUSLY, Divine! The 24oz bone-in Ribeye steak was at the peak of freshness and flavor, adorned with a pat of pure butter and a peppercorn gravy/sauce! The SQUARE CASSOULET with The duck confit, Lamb, Pork Belly, and Bacon was like a thick stew....comforting, delightful and hearty! 

3. Texture- AWESOME!

LOOK AT THE PICTURES!
Came here on a weekday for brunch and had a good experience. The service was good and quick and the food was good also - I ordered the Lemon Blueberry Ricotta pancakes and they were yummy - I just wish they offered turkey bacon or turkey sausage... Note to perspective patrons, I didn't realize this but know that this is a hotel restaurant; this wasn't a big deal but I drove by the restaurant because I didn't quite know what I was looking for (even though it is on the corner with good signage).
This review is based on my recent visit during their happy hour, and thus I do not have direct experience with dining here are a fully meal diner. Their happy hour food list if somewhat limited, but certainly satisfying. You can combine the sliders, for example, to include both vegetarian and meat items. But based on what I saw during seated at the bar, and the quality of the items served, I would recommend not only the happy hour menu, but most likely the menu itself. The bartender was friendly and attentive, as was the restaurant host. This was like the staff at the associated Kimpton Hotel (Palomar), where they always seem pleased to see you, and are highly professional. Definitely I would come back again.
Had a business event in Philadelphia this past Sunday and Monday and decided to stay at the Hotel Palomar near Rittenhouse Square.

The Hotel itself was fine.  Nice staff, clean room and being it's a boutique hotel. it doesn't take a hike to get from the elevator to your hotel room.  

What will keep me from staying at the Palomar Philadelphia in the future is Square 1682.  While the staff is more than nice, the food itself was horrid, and just one waiter working during Monday breakfast ( ~ 8 am) made a coffee refill wishful thinking.

Let me take a step back.

I arrived at the Hotel Palomar on Sunday around 1 pm, checked in and came downstairs for a quick bite to eat before heading to the Convention Center.

The menu was somewhat sparse being a Brunch menu with a handful of lunch items.  I ordered a vegetable frittata (hold the cheese) with the house potatoes.  Oddly, the frittata did not come with toast, which is a bit odd for an egg entree.

However, the no toast wasn't the issue.  What was an issue was that the frittata came with a coat of grease over the top.  Because I was absolutely famished and had to get to meetings, I woofed it down.  The house potatoes on the other hand were simply inedible.  They were cold and laden in salt.  I took 3 bites and left the majority of the potatoes over.

The next morning I decided to play it safe and order 2 poached eggs, a toasted English muffin and instead of the potatoes, asked for a side of fruit.  I'm happy to say that my eggs were cooked to order (which is the only reason I'm giving this review 2 stars instead of 1).  As I previously mentioned, one waiter on duty for a Monday breakfast meant that service, while very friendly, was lacking.

My reason for choosing the Hotel Palomar over other hotels in the area was due to the very good reviews I read about Square 1682 online.  This includes the fact that they were the winner of the 2012 Open Table Diners Choice notation.

This frequent traveler isn't quite sure how.
What a great spot!! Could not get in for dinner first night in Philly as line was out the door. Came in for breakfast....back to back!!!! Super fresh foods, great coffee! Service the best! Cindy is a lot of fun and super nice!!! 
Going to be a regular visit on every stop in Philly. Ordered off the menu for a custom eggwhite omelet... Super accommodating...highly recommend
Teetering towards a 3, but chalked up issues with execution to the constraints of Restaurant Week. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Restaurant Week's first pass for 2015 starts on January 18th. One place to consider is Square 1682 - which underwent a bit of an overhaul over the past 2 years under the helm of Chef Caitlyn Mateo. Square 1682 is located in Rittenhouse, within the swanky Hotel Palomar. The atmosphere is sleek, with several high-top tables throughout, as well as a 2nd floor that is slightly more formal.

For the January 2014 RW, the GF and I stopped by along with one of our friends. 

Texan's Mule [$10]
Tito's vodka, ginger beer, gingery syrup, lime juice

This take on the Moscow mule was served with one of my favorite small batch vodkas - Tito's. This iteration of the drink was perfect for the GF, not overly sweet, with great ginger essence.

Classic Bizzy Izzy Highball [$11]
Rittenhouse rye, Dios Baco amontillado, pineapple juice, lemon juice, Agnostura aromatic bitters

Rittenhouse rye tends to speak to me and this didn't disappoint. The whiskey was nicely balanced by the sherry. With the bitters on the forefront and the drink had a nice citrus finish, this was easy drinking.

Bread Service

Dinner started off with a nice spread of crispy, salty sesame lovash, sourdough, and rosemary focaccia. A big pet peeve of mine though? Cold butter - what is the point if you can't spread it?

Restaurant Week Dinner [$35 pp]

As is usually the case - restaurant week dinners are on offer for $35 per person - usually for 3-4 courses. 

Carrot Soup 

The GF and our friend both ordered the carrot soup, which had nice depth and sweetness. The charred brussels sprouts and bacon brought forth balance and created a wonderful spoonful.

Lancaster Duck Toast 
Lingonberry mustard, buttermilk toast 

I went with the duck dish, which featured shredded Lancaster duck and frisee on a toast point. The ligonberry mustard sauce brought out some brightness to each bite, though I wished for some more of the duck flavor.

Bacon Wrapped Dates [$9]
Local goat cheese, piquillo peppers, stone ground mustard vinaigrette  

Feeling a bit peckish despite the first course and two more to come, I ordered the ubiquitous bacon-wrapped dates an a la carte. The bacon was nicely crisp, with the tang of the goat cheese balanced nicely by the sweetness of the dates. The piquillo peppers and mustard vinaigrette offered some acidity and brightness through the heft of the bacon.

Truffle Popcorn [$4]
Truffle butter, citric salt 

The oft-lauded truffle popcorn here had to be tried. The truffle essence definitely emanated through, though the citric salt added the sour salt taste that really made it for me.

Amish Chicken Breast
Beet fettuccine, cauliflower, autumn apples 

For mains, the GF and our friend opted for the tender chicken breast, which was well-seasoned. The beet fettuccine was interesting and had a subtle sweetness. The crisp apples brought fresh tartness that was balanced by the bitter greens and the lightly charred cauliflower.

Custom Blend Burger + Quail Egg [$1 supp]
Smoked portabella, Lancaster cheddar, garlic Parmesan fries

I had the burger and added a quail egg for a dollar supplement. I requested it medium-rare, though it came out medium and overall, the beef was a bit dry and lacked seasoning. The tomato was a bit mealy as well. The fries were decent, though the chipotle aioli was a bit watery. Disappointing overall - should've went with the lamb short ribs. 

Chef's Selection of Sorbet

Desserts fared better though. We had a great selection of sorbets including apple cider, raspberry honey, and hazelnut espresso served with strawberries and blueberries interspersed between. A light and refreshing palate cleanser. 

Butterscotch Cake 
Mascarpone cream, apple caramel  

The cake was buttery, with rich butterscotch essence. The mascarone cream was nicely light and the apple caramel brought some sweetness to each bite.

White Chocolate Bread Pudding 
Dark chocolate gelato

The bread pudding was nicely moist and oozing with sweet intensity. The white chocolate seemed a bit lost, but combined with the dark chocolate gelato, each bite was a sweet ending indeed.

Service was alright, but seemed a bit aloof and uninformed. In fact, they took our bread basket and plates a few minutes after dropping it on our table. We had to flag down the staff to figure out what sorbets were on offer as well. 

Still, the food at Square 1682 has definitely become more creative 3 years back. While a few dishes could have been executed better, I'll chalk that up to the perils of restaurant week.
Listen, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but excuse me Hotel Palomar...banners are for Science Museums and the like...not for Kimpton hotels. 

Rewind...

I was walking to a little meeting down 17th street and I look up and in my face I see "HOTEL PALOMAR" on a plastic banner vertically hanging from the hotel. EW. Guess what Hotel Palomar? People know you're there...or at the least the people who you want in your establishment know you are there! This isn't like "THE HUMAN BODY" at the Franklin Institute. How many hotels have you seen with a plastic banner? Probably zero (unless you include the days inn in portland maine, but honestly...) 

UGH. It made me so angry that I had to give it a demerit. Maybe they need a new marketing director. 

xo
I went to Square 1682 during restaurant week with a group of colleagues. We chose it because it had a vegetarian entree. The atmosphere is definatly chic and modern. We were seated upstairs and was lead up a beautiful open staircase that ended in a warm and stylish dining room. Open, high ceilings and an amazing glass front wine cabinet. The food was tasty. I instantly fell in love with the butternut squash soup. The vegetable lasagna was a surprising treat. Thin layers of zucchini & portabello served on couscous. Dessert was ok. Tasty and light, but good. I had the peach brown butter tart. Overall a good experience. I will return for dinner with the hubby.
Amazing food! Great service! Loved David, great waiter. Must try the bacon wrapped dates. 
We will be back.
My friend and I came here on a Sunday night after dinner for a night cap.  The vibe here on a Sunday was very mellow and relaxed. The drinks were standard/nothing fancy but the space is really nice and a great location for a quiet group or intimate gathering. The staff here was very friendly and even allowed us to use their plug to charge our phones.
This review only reflects their brunch.  Everyone's food was fine-- Roasted Chicken Salad on Multigrain made me a chicken salad believer.  Pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries was enjoyed, but quite greasy.  The rest of our group had eggs and no complaints.  However, our complaint was with the service.  We had a young woman who seemed nice enough and was apparently training another employee as he was following her around in silence.  It took us 15 minutes to get cocktails.  20 minutes to order.  Also, everyone that got coffee had to repeatedly ask for cream and sweetener and we didn't actually receive it until the tail end of the meal.  The brunch in general was taking much longer than anticipated and we had 3 gals from NYC that needed to catch a train.  We had intended on drinking more to ease their travels, but the inefficient service made that impossible.
Received a hand written letter from the bartender inviting us back to have drinks me. As nice and appreciated as the gesture is (and extremely classy), it'll be a while before we head back. Definitely have to respect the bartender and the management for doing that. Classy.
3.5 stars

Came here for dinner on a Saturday night. Being that it was a bachelorette dinner, we got our own private room which was nice. The server was great and was very attentive. He wasn't lingering in the room but always came just in time to refill drinks and check up on us. The restaurant itself was trendy and had a nice atmosphere

We got complimentary Truffle Popcorn (truffle butter, citric salt) which was pretty addicting. 

Appetizers:
1) Lemon Scented Hummus with herb & garlic naan bread
2) Charred Octopus (garlic & lemon marinated artichokes, olive oil)
both were pretty good. The hummus wasn't too bad considering it was an American restaurant (sorry... hummus snob here)

Entree:
Seared Salmon (with port wine braised red cabbage, bacon lardons): it was cooked pretty well and the portion was perfect.

Dessert:
Caramel Popcorn Panna Cotta (with sea salt, popcorn dust) - my friend had ordered it & I had to take a bite out of curiosity. It was surprisingly good!

Drinks:
1) Persephone (Appleton V/X rum, pomegranate juice, lime juice, agave nectar, muddled jalapenos & mint): a bit too sweet for my taste
2) Blue Sage (Milagro Silver tequila, muddled blueberries, sage leaves, coconut sugar, lime juice): the best drink of the night
3) Philly Love: was similar to a mimosa which was light and crisp.

The food itself was decent and the experience was great. We had gone downstairs to the bar once we were done with our meal. It was definitely a typical hotel bar as far as the crowd (older crowd, most likely people who were staying at the hotel).
I went this past week and had dinner there.  My friend heard it on the ABC New Year's show about what will be in for 2010 and this place was mentioned so we figured we'd try it out.  

The hotel is very beautiful and super modern.  Same aesthetic as W Hotel but a little more upscale and design taken to a bit higher level.  Square 1682 is upstairs from the bar, in a cozy dining area with very attentive servers.

We split the small seafood sampler appetizer--I've never, since I only started eating seafood 2 years ago--had crab legs in their shells and some of the other items...all very tasty absent the oysters, which I just don't like in general.  My friend who loves oysters and is much more of a seafood expert said a price of $45 for the amount and quality was a really, really good deal.  

I then had the striped bass with root vegetables...fantastic.  The best bass I've had to date and the balance between the bass' flavor and the sweet root vegetables was definitely appreciated.  My friend got the salmon and said it was buttery and perfect...which was accompanied by the duck fat fries I trusted were delicious.

We each tried a few cocktails--each were interesting like my friend's bell pepper cocktail, which was mild with a bit of a kick.  

We split one of the unusual desserts...we had cranberry upside down cake with goat cheese ice cream.  Again, the mix between the two was divine and the right choice.  Either item alone was good but together balanced each flavor out.  I loved the real cranberries throughout.  

Excellent experience and reasonable bill for what we got.
Why oh why would you put us upstairs in the creepy 2nd floor when the downstairs is so cool?

Why would it take 20 minutes to make a yogurt parfait?

These are the questions of Square 1682 that demand to be answered
I went to Square with a few friends as a next day post-party brunch.  They are situated in a nice open space off of a hotel in the city.  

The staff seemed like they were still getting established.  The host didn't know we had a reservation, but we were seated quickly nonetheless.  We were waited on by a few servers, and they were all very nice.  I'm big on always having ice water, as I drink so much while dining, so I was disappointed that we were only tended to a couple times throughout the meal.  On to the food... it was pretty good.  I ordered the Crabby dish which is an eggs Benedict served with blue crab.  It was very tasty, though the amount of crab on the plate was lame.  Two tiny claws for $14.  My friend's meals were also overpriced for what they received, in my opinion.  In the end, nothing really wowed me.

Almost forgot to mention the Bloody Mary. This is what I would come back for.  It definitely hit the spot and was made perfectly.
great food.  they can customize a vegan dish. great service. great cocktails. i like this place a lot!
We stayed at the Palomar Hotel and stopped by for a drink one night. Very pleasant and our waitress (I think Sasha) was very nice and accommodating.

We stopped by the next day for an afternoon drink and decided to make reservations for dinner that evening. 
We asked our server if we could have the same table ( nice window seat) we were seated, and she said "of course."  We left a nice, appreciative tip. 

Two hours later we arrived for dinner. Place about 1/3 full and of course the table we'd requested was filled. That was disappointing, but not as disappointing as dinner. Calamari was pretty rubbery, entrees just so-so. Server was mediocre. Never came by to refill wine or water but did have time to watch the big screen TV. 
A generous three stars- only because of our first experience.
was here twice -- first for a nightcap at the bar -- the drinks really were some good stuff and i tried a the lemon hummus and pita -- that was the best hummus ive ever had!

the next morning we came in for brunch, which was pretty much terrible. first of all, it took us 45 minutes to get our food for brunch....and it came out cold and we found a hair. the manager did comp our check though. overall, the bar is great, but i would skip breakfast. what a disappointment for a kimpton restaurant.
I was really iffy about coming here in the beginning... I just wasn't sure... but there hummus appetizer is really good 

I don't really think I had a great meal but overall the experience was a lot of fun I came here for reunion with two of my friends from college and we were able to sit and drink in and just have a blast in and have good service which is something that I really look for!
Decided on the 6-course vegetarian route. The food and presentation were both good but failed to impress. Although it is a 6-course meal, I felt wanting more. In other words, I was not satisfied... portion-wise.
While staying at the Hotel Palomar my wife and I did eat breakfast/brunch a few times at Square 1682, the restaurant/bar for the hotel. I was quite impressed. Where most hotel associated restaurants are standard fair done mediocre, Square 1682 took it to whole other level.

We had been comped the Continental breakfast and took advantage of that. My wife had a croissant and I had the danish. Again, where most hotel restaurants would just pluck these items out of their purchased packaging and slap them on a plate, Square 1682 actually heated all the items up. Little things like that were what made it a special place to eat. The next day my wife had the goat cheese and spinach omelet which was fantastic. It certainly didn't skimp on the goat cheese!

After reading the other reviews here it's too bad we didn't eat other meals there, but I certainly would go back.
The restaurant has been open about a month now.  I've been there more than a few times for drinks and dinner.  I've always had a really good experience there.  The staff has always been warm, welcoming, and eager-to-please.  If either I, or any of my guests, had an issue with any plate or entree, the staff would quickly rectify the situation.  All you have to do is let them know about it.  They want you to be happy, if that means anything from buying you an appetizer, an entree, a drink, or dessert, they will do that for you.
Reading "Andrew C"'s review, I'm not sure how much information he and his partner disclosed, or, if they were even dining at the same restaurant.  If they weren't happy with either the cranberry salad, lobster tacos, or that the "chewy" octopus, did they let their server know?  The staff would have taken it off of their check immediately, as evidenced by the pumpkin tart issue.  If they weren't happy with the filtered water, they could have always switched to tap.  I've had the restaurant's water.  I've had iced.  I prefer the restaurant's filtered water, and, yes, they do charge for it.  It's not free.  You can  always have tap water, if you prefer.
Honestly, I disregard reviews like these,  if they show me that they made no attempt to resolve the issue while they were there.  He has ample complaints here.  Did he mention (other than the pumpkin tart issue, which was resolved) them AT the time while at the restaurant.  If he had waited a long time to be sat, or if he waited a long time for his drink, all he had to do would have been to speak up.  If he wasn't happy with the food or service, there's always a manager to speak to.  Did he do that?  I also wonder how much he tipped:  10%, 12%, 15%, 18%, or 20%?  (If I have inadequate service at any restaurant, I  let someone know immediately whether it's the server, the host, or the manager. I consider a low tip an indication that I was not satisfied.)
Now, if he had said that he had let the manager know, and they did nothing for him, that would be a different story.
Anyhow, reading his "review," I'm sure he was a lovely table to wait on.  (I waited tables while in college, so I do have an idea of how restaurants work.)  I love the restaurant and have had nothing but good experiences here.  However, it's much easier to complain when it's anonymous.
Philadelphia Restaurant Week always provides a reason to dine out and try someplace new, and after much deliberation my bf and I decided on Square 1682, which we really had never noticed despite living mere blocks from it. 

Downstairs is the bar area, and I guess casual dining too but we were directed straight to their main dining room upstairs. The decor is nice, modern and colorful in that trendy way with subdued lighting. We quickly looked over the many options their restaurant week menu had before choosing to share the following: 

Crispy maitakes with citrus dipping sauce: akin to mushroom tempura, quite light and crispy and the dipping sauce was nice, similar to aioli
Tuna & crab roll with ginger-yuzo cream, preserved papaya, sesame crisp: NOT sushi like we were expecting, it's a small portion of tuna tartare with avocado mousse, and crabmeat wrapped in a slice of raw tuna. Good, but nothing special.
Lobster paella: YUM, filled with bites of seafood (lobster, shrimp, clams), chicken and chorizo, quite tasty although the rice didn't have a strong saffron flavor. Perfect warm dish on a winter evening
Roasted pork chop with apples, brussel sprouts and parsnip purée: the best dish of the night according to my bf, each flavor complemented the others perfectly, a very harmonious dish
Caffe con Leche Panna Cotta with steamed milk and an almond-cinnamon biscotti: very good, the panna cotta was creamy and the biscotti was crunchy
Apple Cider Fritters with madagascar vanilla bean ice cream and apple cider caramel: Delicious! more like three donut holes than "fritters" 

Overall, I have to agree with Karen F - food is close to 4 stars, but the service was around 2-3, so its really more like 3 1/2 stars total for our visit. Our waitress was nice, but it felt like we received the minimal amount of attention necessary and our entrees took a considerable amount of time to arrive. Also, overall the portions here are quite small - a three course dinner is enough to satisfy but not fill you up (and I don't know how those entrees could feed a single person on their own).
My Girlfriend took me to Square 1682 for my birthday this year and while it wasn't a particularly memorable restaurant, we enjoyed our meals. We had the calamari as an appetizers and enjoyed the cherry peppers and aoli accompanying the dish but agreed that the calamari was quite small.  It felt like we got the end of the batch of french fries at McDonalds- ya know what I mean?
As for our entrees we went with the Duck and the Short Ribs. Both dishes were very unique and fulfilling.  The glaze on the short ribs left a lasting impression and I recommend both dishes very highly.
The service was average as was the atmosphere.  I don't know if we'll be back but I wouldn't discourage anyone from trying this place for themselves.
I stopped in here recently, because I heard there was a new chef who was incorporating Caribbean cuisine. I was not disappointed! I was with a party of eight so we got to try most of the menu. I recommend the corn bread, any of the house made pastas, the jerk chicken, and the pretzels and water ice for dessert. 

Besides the food, the ambiance was very nice. Service was fantastic; they were so welcoming despite it being kind of late. They sat us at a large high table near the kitchen and one of the chefs (Cory, I believe) even came out to talk with us about the food and to make sure we were enjoying everything. I will definitely be returning!
Been here three times. Once for breakfast, twice for dinner (at at the bar both times).

1. Breakfast was outstanding! If you enjoy coffee, you'll love this place. They serve coffee in a soup bowl :-) Seriously. Service excellent. Prices a little above average for breakfast.
2. Bar service is excellent. About 20 bar stools. One plasma TV that usually has an old B&W movie on with sub-titles (no sound). Don't ask them to put a ballgame on. 
3. Wine list by the glass is good, not great. 
4. Food is very good but a little pricey for what you get and the ambiance. It's nice decor but not fine dining.

A great place for breakfast and a casual drink / meal at the bar. I'd return.
The waiter David was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  Great customer service and excellent food! The lamb dish was sooooo tender, the meat fell off the bone and the chef received a heart-felt compliment from my company.  Two awesome side dishes, try the mushrooms & whipped potatoes.
Food was decent and the drinks were fine. Nothing that really blew me away besides the mussels and I'm already a sucker for mussels in a white wine sauce.
