What took me so long to get to Square Pie?! We arrived at 5pm for an early dinner on Saturday night. The restaurant had just opened but already a couple tables were occupied. By the time we left a little over an hour later, every table was seated and a line was forming. 

Our server was awesome and kept it real with advising us on how much to order. We felt (over) confident about how much we would eat so we ordered a caesar salad, arancini, and two large pies for four people. 

Square Pie is BYO and we were provided with glassware for all of our beverages. Shortly after ordering, the salad arrived. It was large enough for everyone to have a decent sized serving. The salad was delicious, exactly what I want in a caesar: well dressed but not overly so, lots of parmesan and lots of croutons. The arancini were also great. 

The pies were ordered were the porchetta from the menu and a red sauce special with soppressata and pepperoncini. Both pies were absolutely delicious and we did a pretty solid job though we still walked with two leftover slices. 

This was one of the best pizza experiences I've had in Philadelphia so I look forward to many more visits and takeout as well!
Square Pie is still bomb as ever. We arrived at 4pm on the dot to place a takeout order to bring to my brother's house for his birthday. We started a tradition of birthday pizza parties and, let me just tell you, it's proven to be a great decision. 

We ordered a pepperoni pizza and spinach pizza, and a Caesar salad. But after chatting it over with the chef and hostess, I added a second salad which was smart. One would not have been enough for four people but two was just right. Their caesar is great! 

The pizzas were perfection. I don't know how they make those giant, thick slices somehow feel light but the crust is flaky, flavorful and just amazing. The toppings are just right without going overboard. I had a slice of each pie which was the perfect amount. Can't wait for the next visit or takeout order!
As a service industry professional this experience was not only abysmal, it was shocking and the worst my mother or I have ever experienced. Never have I ever seen such aloof disengaged service. The tall blonde female server kept guests waiting at the door and outside in the cold for upwards of an hour as she leisurely polished silverware. She ignored dirty tables which if cleaned could have provided seats for the patient patrons. 

The female server was rude, and the male server accompanying her was unduly frazzled. This tiny BYOB has 11 tables and is open from 5-9, how are they this bad?! They left tables without menus, water, or any sliver of acknowledgment for 15+ minutes after being sat. We ate the majority of our caesar salad with our hands and no plates because plates or silverware were hard to come by. Meanwhile, pizza chefs and cooks left out the front door to take cigarette breaks with glasses of beer at hand and other guests had to flag them down for water, checks, just basic general service, and to inquire if and when the rest of their food would be served.

Honestly, this level of service was laughable. I personally wasn't aware this level of incompetence was possible. It is obvious that the bustling take-out business is how this establishment stays afloat. I can only imagine the increase in profits Square Pie would see if their servers would clear tables and do their job instead of turning customers away and blankly staring at sat tables. I feel validated leaving a harsh review not only because I just lived this experience, but also because I have worked in restaurants for 12 years and 11 tables, 2 servers, slinging pizza, salads, and pasta is not rocket science. I could only imagine how these servers would fare in a restaurant/bar that had a service which lasted longer than 4 hours, based on this I would guess not very well. 

The pizza is delicious but not worth the 2 1/2 hour ordeal of dealing with Square Pie's front-of-house compete and total ineptitude.
Went here last night with a small party to celebrate my wife's birthday.  Not a large dining area but seating was readily available.  Ordered a salami plate appetizer with garlic bread that was surprisingly filling for the 5 of us.  The salami was thinly sliced and the bread, which had to be pulled apart as it was a single small bun, was hot & garlicky.  Ordered 3 large pies that were all excellent.  Each hot with different spicing. Only criticism was the service was slow - undoubtedly from the large takeout service they do.  Plan to go back soon.

Returned for a second time last weekend to celebrate my wife's birthday here for the second straight year.  She loves the place and for good reason.  The service was faster than last year while the food remained every bit as good.  We had two appetizers: mozzarella sticks and a salad.  Both were great.  We had 2 large pizzas and 1 small for 5 people; although we ended up taking a lot home with us.  The pizzas couldn't have been better.  While they might not appeal to those who like really thin crust pies,  the crust was not super thick.  Both were hot and cheesy.  Will continue to count this place as one of the best pizza restaurants in town.
You sink your teeth into that first slice of square pizza pie from meta pizza-slinger Square Pie and triumphant victory is yours from the very first bite. The robust crackle of that exquisite Brooklyn square crust, the golden crunchy textures of next-level toasty caramelization evoked by the fermented yeast gods, and the ideal quantity of highest quality toppings.

Couldn't decide between red sauce options of pepperoni cups or glistening, crumbly sausage morsels, so the solution to that problem was...spinach. Spinach wound up being most royally bomb. It was the right choice.

The creamy mellowness of milky ricotta clouds dolloped with wild abandon (but not too recklessly) is positively dreamy, especially paired with the nutty saltiness of grana padano cheese, along with piles of tender, garlicky spinach. Drizzles of luscious herb oil create a blissful cohesion, pooling into tiny puddles and adding another sensational level of savory depth. And the garlic. This pie is beautifully ample on the garlic front, damn.

If you can muster the restraint to save a couple of slices for later, do it. And then eat them after they've cooled down for awhile. My pizza gauge takes into account how good a slice is when eaten cold. It can't not. How does the slice taste at 5am the next day, or whenever desperation kicks in later? This is important.

Then there's that ridiculous romaine salad on the menu, which includes fresh chopped romaine, a hard boiled egg, roasted tomatoes, artichokes, about a quarter pound of shredded sharp provolone, and a piquant red wine vinaigrette. It's unmistakably savory all the way through; delightfully briny and tangy and delicious, with satisfyingly on-point ratios. Rip open a piece of crust and shove some in it. The end.
745: we leave our name to the begrudging front of house who kept asking are you sure- its a long wait. Yes I'm sure. It's going to be really long though. Okay please take our name. 
8ish: comes outside to tell everyone, even people waiting for 30mins+ they are out of ingredients please go elsewhere. 

RIDICULOUS. good pizza but not that good.
Came to SP again and just needed to rave about it a little more (and post a new pizza pic). Still amazing. Also still amazing cold the next morning, in case you were wondering :-)
OK. We legit just picked up two pies for dinner - on recommendation from a friend - and the pizza was fantastic! We've been on the search for a new pizza spot for a while now, and Square Pie may be it. 

We had a large mushroom pizza and a large sausage pizza. (Definitely too much for two people. This will surely result in leftovers for days.) The pies had a crispy crunch on the bottom, and thick soft pillowy middles, and best of all, heavy on the tomato sauce. I loved it. I can't wait to reheat them for tomorrow :D.

Next time we'll try to eat in for the full experience.
I think I could probably write this whole review on how perfect their crust is, and that is probably my favorite part of any good Detroit style pizza. The crispiness of the outer crust still provides a perfect foundation for their amazing toppings. The pancetta gave me a whole new appreciation for potatoes on pizza. Definitely going to keep coming back to try all their other creations!
Went here last night with a small party to celebrate my wife's birthday.  Not a large dining area but seating was readily available.  Ordered a salami plate appetizer with garlic bread that was surprisingly filling for the 5 of us.  The salami was thinly sliced and the bread, which had to be pulled apart as it was a single small bun, was hot & garlicky.  Ordered 3 large pies that were all excellent.  Each hot with different spicing. Only criticism was the service was slow - undoubtedly from the large takeout service they do.  Plan to go back soon.
I am obsessed with the pizza at Square Pie!  I have always loved Sicilian-style thick crust and this is the best I've ever had!  The crust is amazing and trust them on the toppings: the combinations always meld beautifully.  I really like the staff and the pasta is great too.  I have to say I really miss the sausage and polenta dish, I wish Gene would bring it back.  It's an inexpensive meal which will leave you full and happy!  My husband says I have to compliment the smoked mozzarella...it is really good as well!
Went here last night with a small party to celebrate my wife's birthday.  Not a large dining area but seating was readily available.  Ordered a salami plate appetizer with garlic bread that was surprisingly filling for the 5 of us.  The salami was thinly sliced and the bread, which had to be pulled apart as it was a single small bun, was hot & garlicky.  Ordered 3 large pies that were all excellent.  Each hot with different spicing. Only criticism was the service was slow - undoubtedly from the large takeout service they do.  Plan to go back soon.

Returned for a second time last weekend to celebrate my wife's birthday here for the second straight year.  She loves the place and for good reason.  The service was faster than last year while the food remained every bit as good.  We had two appetizers: mozzarella sticks and a salad.  Both were great.  We had 2 large pizzas and 1 small for 5 people; although we ended up taking a lot home with us.  The pizzas couldn't have been better.  While they might not appeal to those who like really thin crust pies,  the crust was not super thick.  Both were hot and cheesy.  Will continue to count this place as one of the best pizza restaurants in town.
Have you ever had that kind of pizza that, after you bite into it, you just want to fall to the floor and chew for a few minutes with your eyes closed?  

That's this kinda pizza.

Their pizza isn't very big but it's thick and absolutely perfect if you love the deep dish style. From it's perfectly moist crust to its just right sauce and toppings, it is just the shit. 

I'd recommend ordering it just before or after the dinner rush because they can pack in and since they're is typically one cook, it can take a bit to get your pie. Wait for it though, it's so worth it.
Best pizza I have ever had in Philly. It's byob too which makes it even better!

Pepperoni pizza - deep dish perfection. The crispy flavorful crust was my favorite part. 
Meat Caveteppi Pasta - 3 big pieces of meat come with the pasta. It was very filling and delicious.
We were looking for a great standby for pizza.  This place had everything we wanted and while I have yet to go to the new location (literally across the street), I can say that their pizza is some of the best in the city.  I kept it simple when I went and got the pepperoni pizza and a basket of garlic bread.  The pizza crust was phenomenal and the pie itself wasn't OVERLY greasy.  I overheard the guys saying they were going to start making lasagnas (?) and if that's true, I may have to start going to the gym a little more...
Unprofessional and inattentive staff.  The phone rings and rings and oftentimes no one answers.  Most recently my family was in town and I wanted to eat dinner here.  I called three times on a Friday night around 8 pm and no one picked up over the course of 30 minutes.  Eventually we took a taxi over, hungry and eager to eat.  While the restaurant was open, the hostess informed us that they had over 70 pies waiting to be made and were not seating patrons.  This is not the first time I've had this experience on the weekend here.  If the establishment is too busy due to take out orders, common courtesy would be to let patrons know, even if it's through an answering machine. Ultimately, the hostess recommended I come back on a Wednesday night. I'm pretty disappointed in the service and priorities.
I selfishly don't want to shine the light too bright onto Square Pie, as it is probably the best pizza in Philly.  We can debate style of pizza all day long, that's not what I'm trying to get into here, I'm simply saying that it is the most memorable pizza I think I've ever had.  

Square Pie is a nice little BYO in Queen Village that made me nostalgic for the days of my parents taking us out for pizza as kids.  The service is quick and with a great attitude.  It has a small and easy to navigate menu,  with some specialty pizzas or a make-your-own approach.  I would be remiss not to mention their pasta, sauce, or meatballs.  Their sauce is awesome, and we fight over the last meatball.  

All in all, I think it's obvious that I love this place.  I could eat here every day and am strongly considering it.
Profanity. 

It's really the only set of words I can think of to describe how *blanking* good this pizza is. To attempt to convey the emotions you have upon eating here requires herculean effort. And as I look to the pizza gods to show me the light, I ask one simple question:

"Where's da' cheese?"

Yes, an odd question to ponder, but it's one that's consumed me for the past three days following a recent meal at Square Pie. 

The question revolves around the pepperoni pizza. It's the most awe-inspiring deep dish pie you've ever had, the crispy, crackly crust loaded high with a bright tomato sauce and beautiful circles of salami.

But somewhere beneath that surface, I swear there's cheese. You see it stretch as your teeth pull a delicious bite, you taste it lurking in the background. You KNOW it is there...but where? Invisible cheese. Yes, please.

Where's da' cheese. Indeed.

The arancini. Another feat of mankind. Beautiful, crispy rice balls with cheese and pancetta, the same tomato sauce brightening the palette and causing you to melt with each bite.

The porchetta pizza. Unctuous is a word that comes to mind. Deeply soulful pieces of pork wrapped up with broccoli rabe. The pancetta pizza, covered with (yes), big, bold squares of pancetta expertly fried to add some real bite and salt to what is otherwise a creamy journey into pizza art. What's that lurking beneath the surface? That's potatoes my friend, adding a richness and texture that otherwise wouldn't be possible.

I bow to you, Square Pie. I bow to you, again and again. For you have mastered the art of the deep dish pie.

Where's da cheese. Indeed.
Square Pie is so good, it has the best pizza crust! It's a little BYO place in Queen Village, right on Passyunk, and probably seats about 25 or so. We've had to wait for a table before on a busy Saturday night, but recently on a Thursday we sat right down.

Their menu is a pretty small pizza selection, with a mozzarella and pepperoni plus about 5 specialty pizzas but each sounds so delicious. And everything comes out square! With your choice of 8x8 or 12x12, both good for sharing with another.

We had the smoked mozzarella sticks for an app and the four cheese pizza with mozzarella, parmesan, provolone, ricotta and spinach (the special that night!) for dinner. We split the 12x12 which comes sliced into 6 pieces. It was so delicious and we were so full! The dough is just super deep and really the best part. I can't wait to go back again!
How this place doesn't have more reviews is beyond me. I am telling you right now that if you're reading this review, you NEED to get some of this pizza. Yes, they have weird hours (5-10 every day) but I am telling you that if you have the opportunity to eat here you must. The pizza is unlike any pizza I have ever had before, and I'm a pizza snob. I despise wood-fired pizza with it's thin floppy gross crust and burnt parts and this pizza is nothing like that. From the buttery crispy yet fluffy crust to the deliciously sweet pizza sauce, savory cheese, and crispy pepperonis I have dreams about this pizza. I don't live far from Square Pie which is both a good and a bad thing but this pizza is worth the calories. Some nights you just want a typical pizza place pie and others you want to indulge. This is an indulgent pie and one that will live in your mind for years to come. Just go.
As soon as you open the first door you are hit with the delicious smell of pizza that will make you drool.

The inside reminds me of an old school Italian restaurant from the table cloth to the floor. Super cute.

We have only taken out but the pizza was still delicious. Extremely greasy. You WILL need some tea to calm your stomach afterwards but it is well worth it. The crust alone is good.

Would also highly recommend the arancini!

ARANCINI: deep-fried rice balls, prosciutto, roasted peppers
SAUSAGE roasted peppers, duck fat onions 
PANCETTA   cured pork belly, rosemary potatoes, leeks, cream
This. Is. Pizza. Not your average neighborhood papa johns chain or some lack luster doughy mess labeled pizza but real pizza that has real depth and character. 

It's square (hence the name), it's friendly, it's a BYOB, it's messy and greasy, it's almost closer to a deep dish than a flat lifeless NY slice, and if it's good enough for Joe Beddia, it's certainly good enough for me. 

The atmosphere is friendly, casual, and fun--like your best friends opened a pizza shop except you don't know they're your best friends yet. The mushroom pie was our favorite but the sausage also looked equally as good if you're a meat pizza lover. A good Italian salad to start was also a good choice to make us feel less guilty about the damage we did to the pie itself.
Why have I not been here before? What has taken me so long to find this little piece of pizza heaven?
This place is a BYO, so come prepared. They had alot of take out orders too!
Its literally some of the best pizza I've had in philadelphia. Its the closest thing to deep dish you will find. Its super filling, so be mindful when you order! Luckily, our waitress was kind enough to keep us from over ordering. 
We ordered a mushroom pie and an eggplant pie. Both were delicious. Both were totally different in flavor. 
I seroiusly cant wait to go back again. My mouth is watering already!
Solid Detroit style pizza. The crust is greasy, crispy and very flavorful. The small size pizza is just 4 square slices. We were not prepared for that! But it was still delicious and a great square pizza option.
This place gives me mixed emotions, but definitely a bad feeling in my stomach. So they're open with such a small, limited window of time that it's difficult to get there in time and have dinner (5-9pm, every day). They never take reservations either, which exasperantes the issue further. Their seating area seats less than 20, so anytime you go is a gamble as to whether or not you'd get a seat. Today we showed up at 8:46pm and they said they stopped seating at 8:45pm. It's such a shame because their pizza is great- but the business runs like a mad house. They turned us away without a second thought. 

We told out of state family about this place and hyped it up so much! My cousin was waiting to commit to her college for sports and was waiting for a call. We decided to go to Square Pie to celebrate but they were so quick to turn us away because we were one minute past their "not seating " time, which is not advertised anywhere on their website or social media. If you're going to completely stop seating 15/20 minutes before and you close before 10pm, you may want to advertise it. 

I have eaten in and have done take-out but 2/3 of the times I've tried to eat here they're either closed (since they're only open 4 hours a day for dinner), swamped and you can't get seating, or just downright unpleasant. 

They do offer takeout but they didn't give that to us as an option tonight :( 

I do have to say the pizza is good, but I don't think it's worth the hassle anymore. We're going to Santucci's.
This place is one of my fav pizza places! Be warned though, it is very thick filling pizza. But it is delicious!! No reservations, byob and take out. It is small and gets very crowded. They have some salads and apps but the standout is the pizza. My personal favorite is the red sauce pizza with sausage. However, the porchetta (white pizza) is very popular. I would recommend any of them. Just be prepared to wait!
House salad and spicy sopressata are musts. Def get the large pie even if you think you just need the small. Hot sauce is the bomb dot com. Wish this place would bottle their hot sauce and sell it, it's that good. Get there early on the weekends because it gets crowded.
Solid pizza I just personally prefer Santucci's. I ordered for pick up and that took about an hour, not a problem for me but might be for some. They get crazy busy so unless you just HAVE to eat there I say go for pick up and have a nice night enjoying pizza from the comfort of your couch.
The pizza was good the best part was the crust. We ordered a small pizza and the smoke mozzarella,taste wise everything was good. The pizza was 16.00 for small and the mozzarella was 9.00 but some how the check came up to 27.00. We did ask for a side of marinara I guess that cost 3 dollars. Also they didn't let us add topping to their signature pizza which kind of suck. Overall good product but overprice would rather have Tacconelli pizza. Good place to try once.
Omg. I went here based on a recommendation from my barber. He told me that I should really check this place out for their pizza. It took me awhile to get there, but I'm glad that I did. Best pizza ever!  You have not lived until you've eaten a pizza from Square Pie in Queen Village!  Drop everything and go over a eat right now!!  If they are closed go camp out of their door until they open you won't regret it!!!!!
Cute little place with a fun vibe--great for a casual pizza dinner.  Pizza crust is delicious and very filling. 

Good place for a group as it is BYOB and the pizzas are definitely shareable.
Fantastic. All of it. I was a skeptic as I'm not generally a big fan of the Sicilian style pizza but after my experience here, I've been converted. My husband and I came in on a rainy Saturday night and ordered the Soppressata (which I think was a special for that night). First off, it's BYOB so that's a bonus. Secondly, our waitress was extremely nice and attentive. Lastly, the pizza was INCREDIBLE. The flavors were just amazing and everything tasted so fresh. Don't debate this one- do it.
Sorry folks, but I've never been a big fan of the deep dish pie. So, stepping through the threshold of SP, I was predisposed to not be too impressed with what they served up. Pie should be round. Crust thin. Or so I thought for 55 years culling the east coast for pies to put on the MRoP (Mount Rushmore of Pies). Already chiseled: Star Tavern, Orange, NJ; Pepe's, New Haven, CT; Joe's Pizza, Bleecker St., NYC; Maruca's, Seaside Heights, NJ. On first sampling, my rule is to always go with the unadulterated muzzi and tomato pie. Well, I'm open minded, and looks like the MRoP is getting a deep, square addition. The Square Pie crust is a revelation: crunchy, chewy, crispy, tasty, almost caramelized on the bottom. That's a crazy good crust. The sauce was nicely balanced: a little acidic (in a good way), a tad sweet, nicely seasoned, with a depth and complexity you rarely come across. If there was a weak link--and there really isn't-- it would be the cheese. Layered under the sauce, it definitely played a minor role. But, with all the other taste and textural fireworks, maybe it's good that the cheese stands alone, not drawing too much attention to itself. Conclusion: Square Pie. Be there and be square. Bonus: Square Pie reheats like a champ. I've never been as delighted by a toaster oven warmed day-old slice. That's pie squared!
I LOVE this place.  The crust is really well balanced and the topping mixes are delicious.  My wife and I prefer the salciccia while our kids (2 and 4 y.o.) love the mozzarella.  I also recommend the appetizers (e.g., arancini).  The salad (ensalata) on the menu includes marinated artichokes and pickled eggplant.  Normally that would turn me off, but I figured I would give it a try since everything else on the menu tastes so good.  Turns out, it's awesome!  

We generally order ahead, walk over and pick it up and then eat at home, but we've eaten there with our kids a few times as well.  The atmosphere is great for a BYO.  Just remember to bring some good beer or wine to enjoy with your meal.
Got take-away last night.  Made a special trip (in rush hour)...and it was worth it.  Pizza was the most.  Caesar salad was prepared exactly how I like it.
Up there with the best (angelos, pizza gutt, beddia, etc).... the slices are big and a large will definitely feed two people to their eyeballs. BYOB if you're dining in
I came here for the first time recently and LOVED it. My friend and I split a cheese pizza and Caesar salad. They really know how to make such a simple flavor anything but simple. The crust was nice and crunchy, the pizza consistency was fluffy (they call it Brooklyn style), the sauce was delicious, and there was the perfect amount of cheese! The staff was very attentive and everything was served very quickly. Will definitely be coming back!
Stopped in here on a Wednesday afternoon and had a small pepperoni pizza. One of the best pizzas I've ever had, and for what it's worth I lived in NYC for about 15 years and ate some of the best there. It's a charming little place with an old tile floor and wooden tables with red checkered tablecloths. It wasn't busy at all at that time. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself at this place. Seriously.
- TIP:  Even if you're a meat eater -- try the Melazane.  Very well balanced flavors, and at first I thought the eggplant was ground sausage -- very well prepared.  

- CON:  Hours.  Closed Sunday, Monday, and by 9pm each night.

- BOTTOM LINE:  I would've tried it 6 months ago if it were open on Sundays.  But now that I have -- I'd go as far as to say it's even better than Santuccis' square pies.  And I LOVE Santuccis.
Ridiculously good pizza that is like no other in the city. As much as I hated to see Cochon go, I'll take this great spot in the neighborhood. The pizza that is essentially a roast pork sandwich on crust is unreal. The name is escaping me.
Favorite pizza in the city - great for eat in or takeout! Highly recommend the pepperoni pizza and the insalata as an appetizer. The risotto balls are also delicious
Best pizza in the area, hands down! Salads are a refreshing and delicious option as well need to try the rest of the menu but I shove so much pizza in my face I don't usually have room for anything else
Such a great pizza! One of the best pizza's we've ever eaten. Cool neighborhood, that's fun to walk around. Cute little place with friendly staff. It's definitely worth the wait it takes to make the pizza.
This place is definitely one of the best pizza places I've eaten at . Started off with the rice balls , so much favor in them , delicious ! We then got a large pie  half pepperoni , and a small eggplant pie , delicious ! Will definitely be back
I have always been a thin crust pizza guy and was hesitant to try this place. When they moved into their new location in Passyunk ave ( the former Cochon restaurant) I decided to give it a shot. WOW! Amazing Pizza!  I had the small Melanzane with tomato sauce, ricotta, olives roasted eggplant and it going to be on my list of GO-TO pizza places, Next time I am going to try the interesting selection of salads and antipasta. Nice cozy atmosphere and good service.
I recently moved to Philly from New Haven where I had my go-to pizza spot that I visited way too often. Needless to say, now that I'm here, I had to find a local spot. 

Square Pie is a quaint little restaurant tucked on the corner of Catharine and E. Passyunk. The pizza is delicious and very reasonably priced. It's Sicilian style and pretty thick. 

This spot is also a BYOB, which helps make me a regular at any business. The waitress held our six pack in the fridge and brought us beers when we were ready for another. Solid service!

Although the pizza is great when you get it, it's even better leftover!
I was a little surprised to see only seven reviews here so far so I thought I would help out by throwing mine into the ring. We have been talking about coming here since Cochon closed and we finally got around to it over the sleepy Thanksgiving weekend. Maybe it was the amazing 90s playlist in the background of the restaurant affecting my mood but I loved this pizza. We started out with the arancini, which was a win--I liked the little sausage surprise in the middle and the overall flavor was killer. We ordered two small pies after the appetizer, which I thought was sufficient for two adults and a toddler with a hearty appetite. Our picks were the salsiccia (sausage, onion, peppers) and the pancetta (pork belly, leek, potatoes, and cream). Both great choices but I admit they were so rich I was full after just one slice of each. The crust is thick and crisped to perfection on the edges, which I loved. The restaurant itself is family friendly, for those interested--they have a box of crayons and coloring books at the door to keep your kiddos occupied for a while.
I've had Square Pie for takeout on more occasions than I'd like to admit and I have no complaints whatsoever. This is thick crust, Brooklyn style pizza so if you are not a fan of thick crust, this likely won't be for you. What I like most is actually the crunchiness of the crust. I think it's sprinkled with garlic, which makes it even better. I've had the Salciccia (sausage, peppers, onions, mozz), the Pancetta (pork belly, potato, leeks, mozz, cream) and Porchetta (pork, garlic, spinach, provolone, cream). The Porchetta is hands down my favorite! The pork is cooked perfectly, it's really creamy and the spinach makes it a tad bit healthy :). 

This is not your "local pizza place" style pizza so be prepared to spend anywhere from $15-20 for a pie. But it's totally worth it. Two slices and I'm completely stuffed. 

I have not tried the pastas or other dishes and honestly, I probably won't because they're pizza is enough to keep me coming back.
As a person that has lived in Chicago and NYC, two of the best places in the US to get a some of the best pies, Square Pie has firmly placed itself in the category of some of the best tasting pizza I've had in my LIFE!  Yes people, my entire life!  I came here for a work dinner after one of our colleagues raved about the place - and boy did they deliver.  If you enjoy a thick crust, prepare to be blown away.  Their dough is THE best seasoned dough that I've ever had.  My favorite pie?  The Porchetta.  It's a white pie made with roast pork, garlic, sautéed spinach, provolone, and cream.  And to top it off?  SOME BANGIN' hot sauce!!  There's nothing that I love more than some hot sauce with FLAVOR that just isn't hot for the sake of being hot.  Do yourself a favor, visit Square Pie ASAP.
I came to this small casual byo pozza joint on a Friday night, and absolutely loved it. The space is small with less than 20 tables. It is essentially just a big room with a partially exposed kitchen and counter in the rear. When we arrived, there was only one table for two and it was near the door. Although it was cold out, we were hungry and took it. I wasn't cold during the meal. The server gave us menus and quickly opened our wine bottle. 

My fiancé and I ordered aracini appetizers. We also split a large pie (with sausage, peppers and onions), and cavatappi with meatballs. We knew it would be too much food for the two of us but wanted left overs for the next day. Everything was exceptionally delicious.  I was really taken aback by how flavorful the sauce, dough and everything else were. 

The aracini came out first. They were some of the best rice balls I've had in Philly. There was three to an order and came with a delicious marinara sauce.  

The pizza is so unique that it should be in its own category.  It's thick cut but not deep dish or Sicilian, though much closer to a Sicilian. The dough is a bit thinner and denser than a typical Sicilian pizza in the US.  The cheese is applied before the last layer of sauce. It initially appeared that there wasn't any cheese, but there was. There was definitely more sauce than cheese and the sauce to cheese ratio was different than most pizza I've had. The sauce was so delicious that I didn't even want more cheese. The dough had such a nice crunch and bite. It also reheated really well the following day. I cant express how much I love this pizza.  

The pasta and meatballs were also very good, though the pizza was definitely the star. I cant wait to come back here! I highly recommend this spot.
The pizza is exceptional (highly recommend the pancetta and potato as well as the sausage pizzas). Somehow it is not overwhelmingly rich despite how heavy the pizzas are. The only reason for 4 out 5 stars is that we have yet to find a non-pizza item on their menu that was as good. The salad is too heavily covered in dressing and not that healthy a counterbalance to the pizza.
My wife gets hangry. Like really hangry. She saved a pepperoni slice to stave off the hanger the morning after we went to square pie. I risked life and limb and ate the slice. This pizza is so good it was worth being assaulted for that morning. 

The salad, meatballs, service and atmosphere were all great too. BYOB never hurts either.
This is my favorite pizza place in Philadelphia!!  We had the smoky mozzarella sticks as an appetizer. They were amazing!!  The pizza is always delicious. I love the thicker crust. If you haven't been there yet, you gotta try it.
The sausage pizza with duck fat onions is simply incredible. I have never had anything like it. The sausage is homemade so obviously its delicious but the duck fat onions on this pizza is what makes this pizza BONKERS! I order it with extra cheese and cry every time. I think its the best pizza in the city.
This is my favorite pizza place East of Italy.

Pro tip/the most important thing: calling in an order for take out, call back if it just rings. They are always busy, from the minute doors open, but they will answer the phone eventually!! If you're dining in, be prepared to wait. It is small inside, just 10 tables I think. But the wait is WORTH it! Also, it's byob, which is nice. 

Inside: small, cozy, intimate. You can see the kitchen from all tables. Lovely lighting, cute on-brand deco. 

Food: start with a salad. They're all simple but perfectly executed. We had the romaine, it's got red wine vinaigrette and artichokes. If you're with a crowd, do the arancini - 6 pieces of cheesey, prosciutto goodness. Pizza: honestly, always get the special. They're dreamed up by chef gene. Most recently I had the sausage, w duck fat onions and roast peppers. The sausage is made on-site and is the obvious star, second star is the amazing, thick fluffy Brooklyn style crust. The small is more than enough for 2 meals for 2 people, so I suggest you get two smalls and eat pizza all weekend. I'm really eager to try their pancetta pie, a white pie w/ leeks, potatoes, and cream.
This little place has a really cool vibe and there always seems to be people hanging out inside. It has a dark ambiance which makes the eating area warm. I had take out which was great and fast. Make sure you give them a try if you want pizza but something pleasantly different.
Pizza is amazing. Meatballs, beef & pork shoulder are killer. YUM!
Chicago style meets Pizza Hut (don't judge)
First, it's a BYO so bring yo nebbiolo.  First, the funghi pie is so nice.  Crispy crusty, right amount of cheese, and delicious red sauce.  The pepperoni is simple, classic.  No frills kinda place, so great place for a quick meal with no judgement.
This is the only pizza near Queen Village that I find myself craving. They're thick, greasy, pan slices, definitely not New York style. I am shocked by how into this I am now that I've given it a fair chance.

Note that they aren't drowning in cheese like some Chicago-style pizzas, which you might consider a pro or a con. Personally, I'm still working up the courage to embrace the decadent fat kid I am deep down inside and just ASK FOR MORE CHEESE.
Maybe It's because I'm in my 30s now but I found the grease and salt level of this food slightly repulsive. Three stars because the salad was delicious and I think the sauce and meatballs were high quality ingredients...but I saw the guy spray oil from a ketchup bottle onto the pizza, and that's exactly how it tasted. I feel gross.
My friends and I came here on a Friday night for a triple date. Unfortunately they won't seat you until the entire party is there.. and I was late so we missed out on an open table. :/

They had us wait about 30 minutes.. we ended up going back to my friends house to wait since it was raining.. but you can definitely wait inside the little doorway if you're in a small group.

Love that it's BYOB. The price of our entire meal of 3 pies was so reasonable. The cheese pie was my favorite by far. We also got a pepperoni and a white with panchetta and potatoes.. very good but very rich. My boyfriend was obsessed with the hot sauce here.. they make it in house. He's convinced they could bottle it and be millionaires.

Only con was there is 1 woman as the waitress and food runner for everyone.. so we had to wait a little bit for our wine to be opened and to get some waters.

I will 100% be back.. it was so good.
Square Pie is a totally different style of pizza than what most people are used to in Philly (and that's a great thing). I think they call it Brooklyn style pizza, which has a much thicker crust and is obviously square-shaped. The dough is super flavorful and has a perfect texture. I like my pizza well done so the beautiful crispy exterior is ideal for me. We got a traditional mozzarella pie with tomato sauce and cheese and a porchetta pie with roast pork, spinach, provolone, and cream sauce. They were both amazing and totally different. If I'm ever in the mood for a different style of pizza, Square Pie will be the move!
Easily top 5 all-time for me, and best crust I've ever had the pleasure of crunching into.
OH MY WORD, I had to come onto Yelp as soon as I finished because this was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The porchetta pizza was so perfect--rich and cheesy, and SO flavorful (I believe it's topped with porchetta/pork, spinach, provolone, garlic, and cream). And the dough is everything pizza dough should strive to be--thick, with a bite, and the perfect balance of chewy and crispy. None of that burnt, or super thin business. It was a little oily, but it didn't feel heavy or overbearing at all!

Ordering by phone was super convenient and quick, and you just walk in and pay--everyone was so kind!

This pizza warmed my heart and made me forget about everything that's been happening in 2020. I've been dreaming about pizza for the past few days and you best believe I walked home SO FAST, holding the small warm box of deliciousness in my hands as if my happiness depended on it. (And it did--I am SO happy right now, so thank you Square Pie!)
HOLY SHIIIIIIII. Best pizza I've ever had in philly and probably the best pizza I've ever had EVER. It's a really small byo maybe 8-10 tables total? And it was poppin on a Saturday night. My group of 5 luckily didn't have to wait too long when we got there around 7:30, just 20 minutes. And they were kind enough to give us glasses so we could start drinking while we waited. They don't take reservations or names, you have to come in person. But it was totally worth it. We ordered 3 large pizzas which were 6 HUGE slices. If you like pizza thicc, you'll love this place!
We were around the neighborhood and were looking for kid friendly places.  They have some coloring books and crayons available for the kids. 

I love thick dough pizza and this hit the mark. We ordered the sausage and a plain cheese  pizza.  I really loved the sausage on the sausage pizza. Big chunks. Other toppings include roasted peppers and onions.  You can see the bubbling of the yeast rise up.  The center was probably a little on the raw side given the toppings and thickness so I lowered my rating a bit. 

One note of caution. These pizzas are extremely greasy as they need a lot of oil to cook the bottom. 

Great pie though!
