CHEF DRIVEN

This place looks like a dive bar but it's not. I strictly came here because the menu looked great online but when we arrived there was a chalk board with different dishes then I saw on the computer. This told me that the chef cooks seasonally and we might be eating what is available at the market that day. 

Our bartender seemed a little rough in the beginning but he softened up really fast. He was able to tell us all about the menu. He even grabbed a beer sample for my coworker. They had a nice beer list and I started with a nice pilsner from Arizona. What? I'm in a Philly. How does a desert beer end up here? I will say it was refreshing and it better be if I was stranded in the hot sun. 

I decided to go with the roast pork sandwich with roasted long hot peppers, smoked provolone and raw spinach on a sesame seed roll. The roast pork was in chunks. I thought it might be sliced like a steak sandwich but it wasn't. The sandwich was good but a little difficult to eat. I kept losing my pork chunks. The peppers were so good and added just the right amount of heat. 

My co-worker got the soft shell crab sandwich. She loved it and kept trying to give me a taste. I said no thanks cause I'm not a fan of eating deep fried soft shells anymore.  It kind of ruins my meal. I was really surprised to find this type of sandwich in Philly. I'd expect it at an Asian restaurant in San Francisco. This just shows you the talent of the chef plus my co-worker is hard to impress. If she likes my restaurant choice them I'm winning. 

Everything was really good. Our bartender was like our best friend by the time we left. He warmed up to us. We broke down that rough Philly attitude. I would totally come back here. I usually spend my time going to all the Philly joints that all the locals recommend to me. Every neighborhood has their favorite and I've tried a lot. I'm glad I went a different route this trip. I can hardly wait to come back here and see what the chef has created on our next visit.
Dear ALL YELPERS.  Upon my previous review, i received this email today.  I have never written any additional letters or reviews except on this website.  

Standard T. has sent you a message on Yelp:

In response to your yelp

"After reviewing your letters and the situation, we request that you no longer patronize the Standard Tap.

Sincerely,
Eden Beck
Manager"

:(  If you wish to eat at this establishment, apparently you cannot write a truthful review.  What a sad turn of events.
Ten years later and Standard Tap continues to keep things above standard. 

Comfortable outdoor seating: check

Solid beer menu: check

Excellent food: delicious cooked to order Standard burger and fries 

Great service: yes 

Will I be back again? ... I'm already on my way.
3.5 stars rounded up. A very nice bar with a great second floor. They don't have menus so you have to stand over someone else's table to read a chalkboard. Comfortable with good service. Lots of local beers.

The fried fish sandwich was almost entirely fry, and the breading had an uneven balance of salt and what tasted like baking soda (it probably wasn't that but we couldn't figure out the flavor). A big pass. The burger was rock solid goodness, and perfect barfood. Mussels were good, a bit small, but came with a giant portion of delicious french fries. 

The main attraction - "chicken pie," basically chicken pot pie in a puff pastry - was solid. All of the mild flavors of a pot pie with the fun of filo dough. We kept thinking that if they were going to serve it this way that a mild side sauce or two would add some moisture to the dish. It also wasn't clear why it was placed on a salad, which kind of worked, but it probably would have been elevated quite a bit by mashed potatoes and/or peas.
I was never a fan of the Standard Tap.  My ill-will towards the place started many moons ago, when my then bf promised Old City's Mexican Post (I was a youngin', go easy) but his friend insisted we go to Standard Tap.  It was there that I was met with blackboard ordering, a forgettable burger and the curious 80s hairstyle of the friend's date.  Our dinner put me in a pissy mood that started a downhill spiral of our night, culminating in a massive blowup over who-knows-what at the G-Love concert.  Ah, memories.

Over the years, I've held my contempt in check while swinging by just for beers.  They have a decent selection, after all, and there has always been seating available in a dark corner somewhere.  Actually, it seems like everywhere is a dark corner, come to think of it.  I highly recommend the place for hobbits and vigilantes.

When the Standard was selected as the brunch location last weekend, I wasn't thrilled but knew it was about time I gave them another shot for food.  Seated in a dark booth (natch), six of us squinted to see the blackboard.  I almost always opt for savory over sweet while brunching, so I was a little disconcerted at the lack of options.  As my coffee mug was filled, I requested sweet n low and was asked if Equal was okay.  Anyone who knows me will tell you that I have a penchant for little pink packets and a strong animosity towards blue and yellow varietals.  Still, coffee is coffee and when you really need some, exceptions are made.

Our orders came out quickly, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't clean my plate.  My breakfast, though basic, hit the spot.  Two eggs over easy, a homemade biscuit, home fries and a heaping pile of thick cut bacon made this girl very happy.  I took a bite of my guy's biscuits and gravy dish and had to admit that the Standard's version was even better than North Third's, which I didn't think possible.  Bloody Marys were spicy and kickin'; the perfect beverage to accompany the meal.

I'm going to go with a very solid "A-OK" for Standard Tap.  It's been a tumultuous ride over the years but it appears we may have weathered the storm.
The perfect place for when you want a warm and cozy meal. Think Chicken pie and butternut squash soup. I know they won " best burger" in the past and it is damn good! Drinks are unique ( hubby got some kind of butter bourbon drink) unfortunately can't drink at the moment . Upstairs there's a disco ball and the dark lighting makes for the perfect romantic date night If you're cool and casual ( like us) or for group dining. There are always tons of larger groups and people at the upstairs and downstairs bars. The outdoor deck outside of the top bar is always a nice spot with heat lamps and more privacy. It is a little noisy inside, but it's a bar ‍
A full upgrade to five stars is long overdue for this Philly staple. I've been back time and again and, while most visits are for drinks only, I have a great time every time. Last Saturday night we stopped in twice, for pre-dinner and post-dinner drinks. Their earl grey hot toddy is perfect for a chilly night, and the wine list has something for everyone and at reasonable price points to boot. Bartenders are friendly. The music selection is always a fun mix - loved the 70s disco jams on our recent visit! 

My previous review nearly nine years ago reflects the opinions of a different, must less mature person. I'm older now, I'm wiser now.
Standard Tap has opened my eyes to the wonder that is poutine, and for that I will be forever grateful. I've actually been back twice in one week because it's that good.
If you don't know about poutine, it is basically a heaping plate of fries, brown gravy, cheese, and everything right with the world.  
The beer list is phenomenal. The two times I've been there they have had 22 beers on tap in addition to a nice wine and cocktail list. I've found one of my new favorite beers here (Brew Works Imperial Stout on nitro).  It's a great place to sample beer as well, since they offer a flight of 4 pours for $10.  
I've had two dinners here and each have been delicious.  The first is the chicken pie which is basically a pot pie...fabulous comfort food on a cold night! I've also sampled the empanadas as well which are equally great. I don't think you can go wrong here! It's definitely my new hot spot.
my bloody valentine. yup, on their jukebox. enough said. 

i love this place for brunch. i like the crowd. i like how they serve all their brunch sandwiches with not skinny strips of bacon, but thick slices of pork bliss! mmmmmm. 

my friends and i go here for brunch because there are usually a few veggie choices for them and we can sit in a big booth and just catch up. they don't make iced coffee, but our waiter was a doll and he made them. :)
i got french toast with cherries on the side. it was sweet enough without the cherries, but it was all yummie. 

standard is the perfect place to start your saturday morning. any morning that starts with a bacon mountain is a good morning. :)
Let me start by saying I love Standard Tap's food and ambiance.  The vibe is great, the oyster selection fantastic, and my friends and I have been known to frequent there more than once a week.  Sadly, we will no longer frequent this restaurant as often, and it is due to one particular bartender--her name is Kate.  

Kate has ruined this place for us.  She is consistently rude, obnoxious, and mean.  She curses at patrons.  She refuses to serve food to customers.  She exhibits an attitude of complete ignorance.  I am not a heavy drinker, so I have seen this behavior on several occasions to several customers, not just in my core group of friends.  This particular bartender should have been fired many moons ago, but apparently she has been an employee there for several years, and therefore immune to any change in her employment status, no matter how egregious her behavior, or how extreme the lack of her professionalism is demonstrated.  It is so bad, that upon Kate coming to tend bar, everyone whom she has an issue with, is requested to leave.  What kind of establishment exists based upon the personal whim of its staff?  Isnt the customer who is still eating more important to the success of the business?   

Between my friends and I, we have spent thousands of dollars at Standard.  Ian and Ron are phenomenal bartenders/servers, and I applaud them.  However, Yelpers, please be aware....there is a major problem with that establishment, and she needs to be fired.  

To StandardTap- Contact me if you have any questions as to the veracity of this review.
I ordered the grilled octopus on the menu which looked delicious until I bit into one of the tentacles and got "hooked"...and not in a good way.  

I removed the piece of hook (approximately 3/4" in length and 1.6mm in diameter with very sharp edges) from my mouth.  It looked like a body piercing, like a labret lip piercing to be exact, and it completely disgusted me.  

I was relieved to have not swallowed the hook thereby averting possible erosion through the intestinal wall, tearing of my esophagus with subsequent surgical intervention and/or possible hospital stay.  

I approached the manager on staff about the situation and showed him the hook.  I wanted to make him aware of the poor kitchen preparation so that others dining at his establishment would not experience this same issue.  Instead of gratitude, I was met with obstinence and a horrible attitude.  He stated that "finding a hook in my octopus is a normal occurrence and should be expected."  (cue appalled gasp!)

He offered me one free drink and to cover the octopus tentacles I would not be finishing.  He was not apologetic or understood the gravity/liability of the situation.  The restaurant manager lacked all empathy -was unprofessional, condescending, and unobliging. 

Overall, the place is good for its beer selection and location.
After taking over the upstairs bar last night with two friends, Ron let me plug in my iPhone so as to conduct our own private dance party. He even shook one out with us and had a belly roll contest with my friend. Then she took her shirt off and things got weird.
Goodness gracious, Philly. You have no idea what a treasure you've got here. Or maybe you do.

A few years after leaving Philly, I returned for a visit and gained a new appreciation for this "neighborhood gem." When I lived in the city, I loved Standard Tap. It was a reliable standby: reasonable drinks, great food, good people. But now that I've been living in a wasteland for good food and drinks, a trip to Standard Tap was jaw-dropping.

A neighborhood bar that hosts blue collar workers, hipsters, and seniors with equal respect. That serves a burger that is a step above any burger you'd had. That offers an amazing beer selection. You'll see construction workers and DJs enjoying duck confit salad or burgers. And it's just a normal Tuesday.

Standard Tap reminds me of all that is good about Philadelphia.
Standard is my favorite place to eat PERIOD. I've tried a few of their dishes like the salmon BLT, cheeseburger, fries (so good!), etc., but now I only order one thing now: the duck salad. It is absolutely delicious and hands down, the best thing I have ever eaten (and continue to eat). My only gripe is that they keep raising its price; it's gone from $10 to $11 to $14 now :( Maybe, through this review, I can get more people to go and order it, which should then drive the price of my duck salad back down ::fingers crossed:: Eh, a girl can wish...

Moving on: the beer selection is good, and it's the reason why I fell in love with the Abby Dubbel, however they rarely have it and I can't find it anywhere else in the city (not even at City Tap House). 

Lastly, I am a recovering creme brulee addict, for which Standard was responsible for in the first place. However, I've thankfully gotten it under control now. It's an every day struggle because I live within walking distance of Standard and the creme brulee is just unbelievable. 

S/N: As charming and unique as some people may find it, if and when you dine here with older folks and/or a large group then the chalkboard menus are quite a hassle. Can they just print the menu on paper? C'mon, I'll even donate the paper.
Whenever I feel like sitting at a bar and having an easy conversation with the bartender, Standard Tap's one of my picks. It seems I'm not the only one who appreciates their bar staff- Ron recently won Philadelphia Magazine's prestigious "Best Bartender" award. The guy knows his stuff, he'll let you try a new beer before committing to it, and he might even throw one back with you. 
 
They were a gastropub before all the others found it "cool," and the food (like the beer) sticks to its local roots. They don't open until 4pm on weekdays, so no lunch here, but once happy hour rolls around, it's often hard to find a table. Go hang out on their deck, it's pretty great if you've got friends who can help you take it over.
This is a solid choice to start off your weekend, or grab a bite and beer during the week. I immediately knew I would like this place as soon as I walked in. The menu is written on two chalkboards with little description (IE. pork sandwich, standard burger), but the staff is very knowledgeable, willing to give recommendations and answer questions about the menu. I really appreciate that the beer is local and that the staff knows enough to help you try something new. They are all very friendly (but not overly so) and low key; my type of people. Standard Tap now offers 20+ beers on tap which makes me super happy. I am sure to make this a definite option when I'm showing off Philadelphia to out-of-towners.
The standard tap is more than a bar to me. The Standard Tap is like an old friend. Consistent and loyal, always welcoming, no matter how long I stay away. The food is great, and their are plenty of options. they have a nice beer list, and I always find something I want. The music never disappoints, and I can almost hear it whisper" I know you love this song, Steve" They are known for their burger, but in the countless times I have been there, I have never had one. Too many other choices. some of my favorites are bratwurst and sauerkraut, chicken pot pie, Muscles and chorizo and the lamb sandwich. 
Like an old friend, I probably take the Tap for granted. I might forget to mention it when discussing "must try spots" I know it doesn't need me to sing it's praises, but its always nice to hear, so... I love you buddy, thanks for being you.
For those who believe poor service doesn't affect ratings, I recommend they make a visit to Standard Tap.  The place is great - awesome beer selections, good food, and decent location.  They even has spots to eat outside on the upper level, meaning you can enjoy the weather while eating (and drinking).  Unfortunately, it seems the entire waitstaff (including bartenders) feel like they are too good to wait on you.  I'm not talking just occasionally being ignored, I'm talking ignoring and being outright rude.  Throw in the ridiculous wait times and the lack of "check-ins" and the result is a bad experience.

In conclusion, I could see myself going here monthly (or more frequently), but instead find myself checking it out every 6 to 9 months in hope they hired someone happy to help...
I was seriously unimpressed with Standard Tap when I visited last night. As a vegetarian going places without the menu online is always a risk and in this case it was a bad one. After seeing a lot of hype about this place I was excited to sit out on their patio on the first 80 degree day of the season. 

There was no happy hour specials when I sat down around 5pm....which sucks! I wish I would have known that. I also didn't know that there were no printed menus and I sat with my back to the board so I had to awkwardly twist to be able to pick from the beer menu. They had about 20 beers to choose from but I felt overall meh about the selection. When I looked at the food there was nothing that appealed to my tastes or my budget. I ordered one beer chugged it and left. The beers were $6 each.

I would never spend that much money on a gastropub meal and the beer was just okay. Save yourself some money and time and head down the block to Bourbon and Branch. More vegetarian options and better beer prices.
Do yourself a favor - get your ass to the roofdeck at the Standard Tap. You will not be disappointed. In fact, if it's a lovely evening and there's a breeze in the air, it just may make you swoon. Drink your beer and devour that food amongst the stars and the locals, and all your cares will float away. 

Just thinking of this spot makes me smile.
I seem to be missing the allure. My visits have all been mediocre so far. Standard Tap has basically just been a good pit stop while in the area, which is unfortunate.

The one time I ate there, most of the items on the menu were spicy, and whatever I chose (this is how memorable it was..) was just okay.

Recently I was here for their pumpkin event, and it was cool listening to the one bartender tell his friends that they put so much work into it just to have people tip 50 cents.

Like, I get it -- it must be a stressful event to pull off, but maybe don't say that in earshot of the paying customers that you had just neglected because you were too busy texting minutes before? This is the only bar that I've had to literally wave my hands to be noticed. Too much work for a drink...even if they do have a good list.

Maybe I'll go back at some point, but it's near the bottom of my list at this point.
Still really solid after all these years...bravo!
Great beer selections,and a chickenpot pie to die for.
Meh. 2.86 stars

I can't say I loved or hated this place, but fell somewhere in the middle. We stumbled in here after hitting the 700 Club for some grub and that was pretty much the only thing on my mind. After looking at the menu above the bar, I have to say I was a bit taken back by the high prices for bar food. I mean, granted they are trying to do, what appears to be, an upscale swing on the average bar plate, but I don't really need to order Rabbit at a bar. A tasty burger is fine with me, which brings me to my next point.

The burger. Pretty much sucked. I'm really hoping that it was an off night in the bread department, but mine was totally stale. And for $14 or something for a burger, I expected something amazing. Then there were the fries, or the salt lick with some potatoes thrown in. Dang, they were just far too over salted for my taste. It's a rare day when i leave any remnants of a burger or fries on my plate, but the Standard Tap's attempt just wasn't worth finishing.

Besides that, I thought the place was cute, the server was nice and the music selection was pretty good. Just not a place I would rush back to.
Unlike other early players in the Philly Craft Beer Bar space, Standard Tap has managed to remain at the top of the heap despite a changing landscape and an onslaught of newcomers.

The beer selection remains great,  the food menu is inventive but still satisfies your basic needs, and even if you're not a drinker it's a great place to simply go for dinner.  The atmosphere is excellent, making the most out of its re-purposed row house to keep things interesting yet home-y.

Keep on keepin' on, Standard Tap.
Delicious but weak Bloody Mary.
Awesome buttery muffin.
Lame vegetable omelet. 
Pretty good potatoes.
Kind server. 
Convenient location.
Nice patio. 
Hilarious girls either wearing last night's clothing, or trying to pick up dudes at brunch. 

This review would be more detailed if I hadn't been suffering from a debilitating hangover during my experience. Sorry.
Ahhhhh The Standard Tap.  First off, this is the bar that opened my eyes to the Craft Beer World.  I was once a Miller-Coors-Bud Light only drinking college student, but was taken here by a family member for a random Sunday dinner.  One taste of a Yards brew on draft and I haven't looked back to my aforementioned As-Seen-On-TV Water Beers.  In fact, I made weekly return trips to ST for the next month following my introduction to this great gastropub.  So excuse my sensitivity, but this place has always held a special place in my heart for Craft Beer & Great Food.  I see Standard Tap as the Gold Standard for bars in Philadelphia.  I often find myself comparing any newly opened bar in this city to the Standard Tap.  Always great crafts on draft served up with some elevated pub food.  I have never been disappointed with a visit to the Standard Tap.

5 Stars for my friends at the Standard Tap.
My husband and I popped in to Standard Tap for a quick dinner around 7pm on a Saturday night, after years of hearing about the excellent food and great beer list. We visited on a beautiful spring day, with dozens of people milling around nearby and the trees in full bloom. (I admit, these factors made the bar incredibly picturesque and may be influencing my review, so I thought I would set the scene up front.) We walked in the door, and quickly determined that it was probably okay to seat ourselves, which we did. It was busy, but not overly crowded or loud, and we found a table right away.

The service was fast and friendly. I love the environmentally friendly chalkboard menus, but really wish there were more of them. Our table was in a side alcove, so I had to stand awkwardly in the middle of the dining room to in order to read the menu. Ordinarily, I would have just picked something out ahead of time online, but they don't post menus online at all. So if I have one big complaint, it is that the menus are not conducive to taking your time to figure out what you want to eat unless you are seated in front of the menu. 

We finally both decided and ordered, and our food came out promptly. I had the Chicken Pie, which was a pot pie baked in a puff pastry crust, served on greens. The flavors were good, and it was a great size, but the interior was definitely a little dry. My husband had the pork sandwich with fries on the side. The pork was spicy and delicious, and the fries were good (though they are better at sister-bar Johnny Brenda's). The beer list was pretty good, though heavy on things that I don't particularly like and also hard to read, so I just had a Kenzinger. Prices were really reasonable for both the food and the beer, and though we were a bit rushed, we never had to mention that to our server. We were in and out in less than an hour, and I would definitely like to return the next time we are in the area.
Excellent jukebox.  I feel like a schmuck for admitting this, but i had been going to ST for years before I realized they had a (gigantor) upstairs area including a huge patio.  Who knew?  Point is, I have always enjoyed the vibe, the beer, and the food here.  The owner even helped support the local farmers market and uses fresh local produce whenever possible.  Definitely a Philly fav o' mine:)  

*Sidenote: Sadly some dumb blonde waitress I had last Sunday ruined what would have been a 5-star rating.  She stood around smoking and talking with her fellow servers while tables that had been seated after us were being served.  When the food came out, it was cold and she gave us attitude.  Bad news.
I've been a little late with this review mostly because when I came here I was somewhat intoxicated and I didn't want that to effect my evaluation of this establishment!

Overall it's a great place if you're in the area and looking for a place to hang with your friends and the crowd that it brings is also very friendly as well. The staff was responsive and humorous, especially the bartender 5 stars to that guy, I didn't have any food but the drinks were well made!!

The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5, well the place could be a little cleaner, I'm sure that's something they could easily work out!
i learned something new at the tap this past weekend that no server or bartender had ever bothered to tell me in the years that i have been patronizing this joint: the chalk colors on the menu MEAN SOMETHING! ok, now i don't really know what they *all* mean, but word to the wise for all my fellow veg-heads: green chalk = veg friendly.

this knowledge was imparted to me after i mistakenly ordered the brussels sprouts (written in white chalk) and received a plate of bacon-laden brussels - blech. i love me some sprouts, and i felt like it was kiiiiiinda my fault* so i took a baconless bite, but the taste was way too meaty for me to get down. i offered it up to my carnivorous companions, who all felt the dish was over-boiled, over-oiled and generally too rich. it didn't get finished.

meanwhile, i ordered a [green-chalked] side of kale as a replacement, and it was delicious! perfectly sauteed and seasoned (nice n spicy) without being oily, and it paired well with my pint of yards love stout.

* um, not really. there are no printed menus for the tables, only the chalkboards, and the one at the upstairs bar most definitely did NOT have a color key on it. not to mention, it's dimly lit and colors are hard to differentiate in that lighting when sober, let alone after a few drinks in :/
i've been coming to this place for over 5 years and really considered this to be a great spot with great people.  Always brought in friends from in and out of town and tried to bring in customers to support this place.  I, myself, spent over 7 years bartending in Philadelphia bars and restaurants so I understand how important it is to support local places so they stay open.  In my 10 year living in the city I have never through id actually be posting something to discourage people from going to eat and drink at a place but this is exactly why i'm writing this post which is actually the first time i'm ever writing a review on yelp.  
Over the last few months I have been treated extremely rudely by an upstairs bartender by the name of Kate...if you have gone there i'm sure you have seen her, she is always there on Sat night at the upstairs bar.  Blonde hair, a bit over weight, and constantly looking mean.  I have no idea what I have ever done to her but she has always been extremely rude to me and anyone I had with me.  Later I realized it wasn't just me but mostly everyone that comes in contact with her. I'm not a rude or drunk person and always tip over 20% when i go out since I was the person behind the bar for so many years.  After going to this place almost every Sunday for the last 2 years and bringing a large group of people with me where we normally spend around 1,000 dollars together you would imagine the restaurant management and owners would appreciate that.  Especially since Sunday is a slow day for many places down town.  Well not at Standard Tap!!!! Customers here do not have any say or respect and really they can care less whether you come in or not, as far as they are concerned if you do not take the bad treatment then go somewhere else.
This is really appalling especially in such an economy. 
I decided to do the adult thing and write an email to the management explaining what has been going on and how I feel quite wronged and treated badly by someone who works for them.  Thinking that a manager who cares about the business and customers of the establishment she/he works for would care and want to resolve such an issue.  WAS I WRONG OR WHAT!!! Instead of asking me any questions or trying to resolve the problem, the manager ( i do not believe even told the owners the issue) emailed me back telling me, well if i don't like it then i'm not welcome and my friends are not welcome to Standard Tap.  All i can say i how appalling and sad for this restaurant's owners because they will not be able to stay in business in such an economy if their staff treats their customers in such a manner.  I can say that now I feel a duty to let other Philadelphia residents know that such bad treatment exists and they should not support a place that will take their money and will not care how they get treated.
On New Year's Eve, we made last minute plans to have dinner with a group of friends at Standard Tap. They were doing a New Year's Eve four course menu for $55, which looked very promising. I've only been to Standard Tap once before for lunch and had a burger. It was fine but did not warrant a second visit from me. NYE's four course menu exceeded my expectations though. You had the option of choosing one of two dishes for each course. For the first course, most of us had the marinated sardines, which was kind of meh. The second course was the pasta course, and both the Yellowfin Bolognese and the Farro Orecchietti were amazing and could have easily given Vetri's pastas a run for its money. Everyone at the table had the duck breast for the third course. The duck breast was cooked beautifully and was delicious. Dinner came to a close with dessert. The dark chocolate tart that we had wasn't anything special, but it was made well and tasted good. I had no idea Standard Tap can put out food like that. Despite how busy it was, the kitchen was pumping out food at a good pace, and service was the absolute best. The wait staff was spectacular and unfazed by rowdiness. We randomly got a free round of Love City beers sent to our table, on top of the already free sparkling wine to ring in the new year right before midnight. Standard Tap definitely won me over with their NYE dinner and we hope to return soon for more delicious food.
Standard Tap is my all time favorite bar / hang out. I used to live a few blocks away, and boy, do I miss it. Really laid back atmosphere. First floor has wood paneled walls and a dark wood bar. I prefer the second floor - there's another bar and an outdoor patio and a huge dining room on both sides of the staircase. 

There's no menu except for a blackboard with the day's specials. I especially love the fried oysters, but everything is good. If you're a vegetarian, you might feel like you have limited options, but every salad I've ever had here has been great. ST is really more than a bar, and while they have a "bar food" type menu, they also have more than the typical bar menu. Also, they have cider on tap - can't really beat that. 

Sunday brunches are also phenomenal.
the tap has never been my go-to place, but having friends who like to frequent this bar, i've ended up there a good handful of times...the most recent of which was this past weekend for a close friend's going away party. god bless her beautiful, artsy heart....but girl picked a bar with no tv during round 2 of march madness!!! needless to say, this is not the place to come when the big games are on.

however, if you're looking for a selection of local draft beers and gastropub fare amongst sports-indifferent hipsters, this is your place. they currently have dogfish aprihop on tap which is one of my all-time favorite beers - i highly recommend. at $6/pint, it's not cheap, but it's potent! they also offer PBC kenzinger for $3...half the price, and about half the alcohol content.

i'm a fan of the beet salad and the chickpea sammie, bf loves the octopus. my friend ordered a hamburger which comes topped with pepperjack cheese, lettuce, tomato, mushrooms & grilled onions. she asked our server if it was possible to get mushrooms without onions as they are often sauteed together, and he said yes, tho the burger later arrived with onions & no mushrooms. the guy who brought it out (different server) quickly returned with a side plate of mushrooms and an apology.

perhaps our mimbo server should have been spending less time making out with one of the girls at the table next to us (i kid you not), but he at least was kind enough to not charge my friend, who is pregnant, for her ginger ale. can't say the same for the bartender downstairs who charged her $2.50 a pop!
After hearing about Standard Tap since moving to Fishtown and reading all the great reviews I thought for sure this place would be a favorite.

Not the case.

I, actually, can't think of one redeeming factor about this joint - except for the decor.

When we walked in the bartender was showing people at the bar something on his phone. We were standing there waiting for someone to greet us or tell us to seat ourselves...anything. Nothing happened. My husband had to go up to the bartender and interrupt him for him to say we could seat ourselves.

So we go looking for a table - all the downstairs ones were either taken or by the door (too cold) so I asked someone coming out of the kitchen if it was OK to go upstairs since I didn't know if there was seating up there. They said yes.

We went up and someone (finally) gave us some direction and took us to a table. It was there that I realized that there are no paper menus, everything is on a board on the wall. There is no description of any of the food or what it comes with. I didn't know what the burger came with (lettuce, tomato, cheese...), I didn't know what kind of sauce came with the fried clams, etc. That was irritating. It was especially irritating when the waitress had a weird, unapproachable vibe to her. Another problem with the wall menus was that everyone who came in stood in front of our table and gawked at the wall behind us. A violation of my dining experience/personal space? Yes.

Something else that turned me off was when I unrolled my utensils from my cloth napkin I realized that 1. the napkin had a hole in it and 2. the napkin smelled like straight up silly putty. Yeah, it smelled so strongly that it brought back memories from childhood and I immediately remembered what silly putty smelled like.

I could have gotten over the non-attentive wait staff, the menus on the wall, and the seemingly unclean/old napkins... had it not been for the food that came out of the kitchen.

It was completely, 100%, mediocre.

There was nothing special about anything we ordered (fried clams, meatball sandwich, & a burger). As a matter of fact, my meatball sandwich was so messy that all the cheese fell off before making it to my table. The sauce was on my french fries and I was pulling french fries off the cheese to get my sandwich back together. I eventually gave up and ate it like an open faced sandwich - with a knife and fork. Oh, but don't get me started on the knife. It was SO DULL I literally was feeling the burn from trying to cut the thing into pieces. Plus, why was my sandwich with fries served with a random piece of spicy cauliflower and a few peppers? Was it supposed to be a cute/spicy veggie side? Because that, too, was buried under my sandwich.

I was incredibly disappointed in my experience here.

My husband insists that it'd be a good place for drinking only. He says the beer selection is good (I wouldn't know - I don't drink beer), and I DO admit that the ambiance was interesting.
Sad, I am.    I've been a customer for over 8 years, and have written a glowing review.  Now, after 3 dud experiences over several months, I have to say, "the king is dead".  Lots of beer selections, but half are small glass, high mark-up beers.  Too heavy on Yards, which hasn't been the same since the split with PBC.  $3 Philly Pale is still good, but most are 5, 6, or over.  Glad they have Kenzinger, but other places do too.  Overall, still good local taps, but not as special as they used to be. 

The food at the tap used to be amazing.  Had the chicken pie tonight.  Now $12.  Since precious reviews it has become a small pieshell of holographic canned shredded chicken, served on a green salad.  Think about that.  Warm pie on lettuce.  It does bad things to both the pie and lettuce.  This is typical of the slipped standards.  Too few fries with the burger.  No more of the cities best squid on the menu.  The duck salad is now $16!!   I love confit, but the small portion with the bagged salad...just not gastropub.   Pork sandwich was the best, but now has almost no flavor.  What has happened to the food?

Finally, you don't have to turn the volume so loud on an early Sunday.  It does not make it cool again.  I am so sad to say that the place in which  I courted my wife has slipped so far that, after a number of poor visits, we will not be back.  You may enjoy your visit.  Just know that the reviews you read were from its glory days, which have passed.  Oh, so sad.  The standards more than slipped at the Tap.
LOVE their second floor deck.  Though it's small, It's one of my favorite places to drink outside when the weather is nice.  It always gets a good amount of sun during the day and at night, there is always a lovely breeze that passes through.  Before a bevy of condos and buildings started to spring up southwest of the Tap, you could see the center city skyline. 

I usually skip the downstairs space and go directly upstairs to either the bar or the deck.  In the winter months, they have a roaring fireplace that makes the place positively cozy.  In the spring, summer, and early autumn there's that sweet little deck.  I rarely go here to eat, I'm not entirely impressed with their kitchen (inconsistent and lackluster) - but when I do, I stick to their sandwiches (the burger, in particular) and some of their seafood plates (mussels, clams, octopus).

It goes without saying (but I will anyways), that Tap is the destination for good brew drinking (some serious, and ever-local selection) - and for the hair o' the dog: their killer Bloody Mary.
I never get tired of Standard Tap - not only is the food great (they get my vote for the best cheeseburger in Philadelphia) but the beer selection is stellar and the people watching is superb. A night at the Tap isn't the fashion / freak show that it is at so many other pubs, so if your idea of a beautiful lady involves cleavage, Body Bling or strategically placed highlights you may want to imbibe elsewhere. But if your special kind of eye candy includes tattoos, angular haircuts and intelligent conversation, pull up a stool and order a round. The Tap is your kind of place.
Easily the finest resto-pub in Philadelphia.  All local, all draft beers; the O.G. gastropub menu; heaps of scenesters and oldsters alike;  good vibes all around.  Brunch on the patio in nice weather is a keen way to get your Sunday going; or end your evening with drinks late at night in the the cozy bar.

I'm glad so many people hate on the Standard- keeps out the whiny annoying types. 

P.S.  You'd never think it, but the kitchen here makes the most transcendent bread pudding in existence.  I call them ahead of time to find out if they have it.
Still on my quest for the ultimate burger. Looks like I'll be questing some more. The roll they used just completely destroys this burger. I feel with a much better roll it would have been a great burger. The roll was just so hard which made it impossible to get a normal bite on it.
Talk about a bad taste in your mouth...

Don't get me wrong, 99% of the time I'm in love with the Tap, but I felt the need to write an update because of my most recent visit.  A few friends and I took my fiance out for her birthday, so we all met up at the old hang-out spot.  We sat at the upstairs bar and slowly, our group trickled in.  The beers started flowing and for any server/bartender, this is a good thing.  We all waited tables while in college so naturally, we all over-tip and are broke the next day.  But again, we appreciate good service.  

Well, we must have got the wrong bartender on the wrong night.  I've actually had this women serve us before and noticed then that she had a bad attitude, so I'm thinking the "right night or not excuse" doesn't apply - she's just pissed off all the time.  We sat at the bar and I guess one of the tap handles broke... three times my fiance and I got splashed with beer.  Not once, not twice, three times.  I must have been a moron for not getting up and moving after the second time, I just assumed they would have taken care of it by then.  They didn't and after the third time, we got up and went to the 700 Club.  The worst part was, we didn't get an apology, she didn't throw us a hand-full of napkins, nothing.  If I were her, I would have like took care of our next round or gave us a few shots or at least apologized... She looked at me, continued to poor the beer and went about her business.

I never felt more out of place and unwanted at a bar.
I love the Standard Tap.  The service is always friendly and the menu is always good.  Some of my favorites are the bacon/avacado sandwich, arugula/bacon/apple salad, chicken pie, french toast, ham & brie.  I even tried the potatoes au gratin which were really good.   (great fries by the way).  I miss the beet salad with the creme fresh and the octopus.  

they don't do orders to go, but if you order it at table as and to have it wrapped I believe you can do that.  I have ordered things for now and then something for later and just had it wrapped right up.  

They have a great selection of local brews and they have seating for large groups.  At night time they are also a great hangout and since there is a downstairs, and different rooms upstairs its almost like a different party going on.  Even downstairs theres the front and back.  Lots of dark wood work give it a unique feel.  They have fireplaces blazing in the winter time too!  Pretty cool, just don't get too close to the fire.  Been going here for years and will continue to do so.  Thanks for the many great nights, brunches and beers.  :-)
Another consistently good restaurant that I am so thankful is standing the test of time in Philadelphia. 

The chalkboard menu changes daily but not drastically. If the chicken pie is on it, I'm getting it, without fail. It's the perfect amount of food - a nice pillow of mostly shredded chicken with some gravy, carrots, onions, and maybe a few peas on a mixed green salad. I'm not a huge eater but I think this is a big meal and I still always clean my plate. Love it. I think one time I actually teared up when I got there and saw them erasing the chicken pie from the chalkboard because of a freak kitchen accident. The pulled pork sandwich is definitely a tasty and hearty second choice for me, but the pot pie and I have a relationship.  

If neither of those show up the duck salad is remarkable. A whole roasted duck leg on a hearty, mixed green salad, nice and lightly dressed. Dear lord, everything on this menu is exceptional. And there are plenty of veggie options too, like the beet salad, veggie chili or chick pea sandwich. I think the priciest thing on the menu is probably in the mid-twenties and even though I doubt I've had it because that generally exceeds my price range, I don't doubt that it's worth it though.

The beer selection is proudly local: Sly Fox, PBC, Lancaster, Flying Fish, Troegs, Victory etc... Similarly, they support local farmers as well, typically buying all of their produce from Fishtown's Greensgrow Farms (when it's seasonally appropriate of course) and other 'Buy Fresh, Buy Local' contributors.
My brother took my girlfriend and I here, and I was very impressed.  I'm from Seattle, and I've grown a great appreciation for local beer.  Standard Tap had about 15 local Philadelphia beers on tap, many from Northern Liberties and Kensington.  Lots of great porters and pale ales.

But the food!  Oh my god my chicken pot pie was amazing.  It wasn't your momma's pot pie -- it was liked a baked empanada with pulled chicken inside.  The crust was delicious, the chicken was delicious, the mixed greens underneath were delicious.  I was amazed by it, savoring every bite.

And it's pretty cool how informal this place is.  You just go up to the bar to order, you get your beers, your food is delivered to you.  The space is fun, kind of like an old tavern, and if you're lucky you get to look out the windows upstairs and see down on the bustling streets.
I go here a lot. It's one of my favorite places to eat and drink. My favorite place to have brunch. 

At first glance the bar itself may seem small, but it truly is the perfect size - accommodating just the right number of patrons to rub elbows with. There is ample seating throughout the remainder of the first floor and plenty more upstairs with another bar as well. 

The staff are beyond friendly, eager to tell you about the beer and they always seem to be playing a great mix of music from someone's Pod or Pandora. 

Beers are all local craft brews. Sly Fox Dry Stout is a staple there (tap #1). The taps are constantly changing with new beers. This is the place to go to keep your finger on the pulse of the latest offerings of brew. Wednesdays they tap a firkin. Fresh beer. Yum. 

The food is amazing. The kitchen really does great work.  The octopus is superb. The sausage and mussels will cure whatever ails you. The smelts are a great little snack when going on the cheap. They have a raw bar offering varieties of oyster. There is nothing bad or even mediocre you can order here. This truly is the "standard" by which all gastropubs should be measured.

The crowd is diverse, young & old, local & from surrounding areas, professional & student, washed & unwashed. 

My advice: Just go. 

For me, it's the heart of NoLibs. Keep on beating baby.
My Dad (who lives in Va) will randomly send me an email with a restaurant name and that's it. No, "Hi Kristine, I think this place looks good and you should try it", just "Standard Tap." That's his code for "I want to try this when we come to town next time"

Since we were in Philly on Saturday, we deiced to do a pre-emptive strike to see how good this place really is. It's low lighted-seat yourself kind of place (and there's nothing wrong with that). Menus are small and hidden on the walls ( bring someone with good eyesight!) We ordered a local beer from Lancaster, a Shoo Fly beer that we had at Craft Ale House in Limerick before. It wasn't as good as we remembered though. I did notice that every table had Bloody Mary's on them so that's probably the way to go next time.

 We went with the classics: hamburgers and fries. The hamburgers were pretty good. They were cooked exactly how  we ordered them. The hamburger rolls felt like they were part of the hamburger and not just bread covering up the meat. You know? The fries were the thin kind with skin on and had crisp to them but also slightly undercooked.  

Solid 4 stars meal.
Who knew Standard Tap had an amazing oyster selection?!?! Ordered a variety of the raw treats and it was delicious. Hands down the BEST oysters I've had in Philly so far!
I know I'm gonna catch some hell for saying this, but I think Standard Tap is overrated. We made the mistake of going there on Saturday night and I will be sure to never make that mistake again. It was packed like sardines and so loud we couldn't carry normal conversations. 

When we first got there we went upstairs to eat and they told us it was an hour and a half long wait. Wtf. Seriously? So we went back down and waited for one of the three bar tables in the front to open up. Fortunately we were only in there a half hour before I saw someone open up his wallet, so I walked right up to him and asked if we could have his table when they were done. Yeah I'm not too proud to beg for a table, and he was nice enough to say no problem. Unfortunately the table we got was closest to the door so the whole time we were freezing because the door was practically open the whole time. 

Anyway, the food and beers are really good here, but the staff seem like they couldn't care less if you were there. I give them credit though because they had 2 servers waiting all the tables and were pretty on top of things. And I'd probably be grumpy too if I had to wait on that many patrons at once. 

I've been here during the day and it is a much more chill atmosphere. So while I'm quitting the Standard Tap on weekend nights, I will probably dine/drink there again when the sun is out.
The Standard Tap definitely proved to be a perfect spot for a Happy Hour gathering. Huge bar areas, damn good food, an awesome dedication to local beers to the point that even Guinness wasn't available, and awesome music playing in the background. For the first time ever at a Yelp event I can say that Joy Division and M.I.A. where playing in the background, and people like Chrissy R. and Carrie WEREN'T responsible for it. sounds like a Winner to me.

While waiting for more people to arrive I enjoyed a beer downstairs. The Victory 5 year and chill wooden decor rocked my socks. As more people arrived we promptly took over the back upstairs area and enjoyed some beers. Despite the rain I still tried to check out the outside deck and it definitely had an perfect view of outside NoLibs. I know where I'm sitting next time!

Standard Tap is definitely the bar that best showcases the local craft beers. the fact that they don't serve any brew from outside the tri-state area is actually pretty admirable, and they actually manage to keep it pretty well rounded. The food also went above the standard pub fare. Yelpers were right because I definitely had the best portabello sandwich EVER! but next time I think I'm going to go for some of those mussels. damn did they look delish!
Everytime i leave the grace, goodness, and green of West Philly and go visit my friends living around the concrete toilet of Fishtown or N.Libs all these douche-bags keep saying everytime wer lookin to go out and get stupid is:

" Yo, lets goto the Tap"
" Yo, fuck it, lets just goto the Tap"
( and loop 5 more times)

What i want to know is: when did this place become the God-damn default bar of the lower north east?

YEA?! WOW! REALLY? How many taps?  Holy jeez!!  That's just crazy!
All local beers? Yeah, thats what I'm saying! Things local to PA are always awesome!   

Hold on, no, no, wait a minute.... local to PA?.... PA?  oh......
fuck.  

Everytime i walk into this place, i gotta reach to find something im actually gonna be happy with.  And maybe thats cause im a picky bitch, but comon, outside some of the Troegs and Smuttynose  products, all the local shit around here is like drinking broken glass. Victory over-hops every damn thing they produce, Stoudts is boring as hell, Legacy has yet to put out anything good and is pretty much the poor-mans Stoudts (which isnt saying much), Flying Fish is mediocre at best and the true blue Philly born beers like Yards and Dockstreet are borderline repulsive.  I cant remember if there were Dogfishhead or Brooklyn beers on tap, if theyre were, kudos to the bar manager but lets just say, looking at the chalkboards here isnt the hot-shower- nozzle masturbation material people are making it out to be. 

The food is decent, and the staff is always very chill and never bitchy,  but if im in this area, the Abbaye, N.3rd, or just sitting on some strangers stoop and getting toasted are always gonna be 1st options.
Standard Tap is an institution.  Dubbed by many as Philadelphia's first--and best--gastropub, I gotta say that this place lives up to the hype.  Every dish I've had there has been a hit and they always have a LEGIT draft list with all my West Coast faves: Arrogant Bastard, Stone IPA, Old Rasputin Stout to name a few. And for the indecisive peeps in your group, they usually have some solid beer flights available as well. Their beers change often so you should go there often too. And get the chicken pot pie or beef cheek sandwich while you're at it.  You will not be disappointed my friend.  

Also they have a sick upstairs deck that's perfect for warm summer nights to chill and drink an ice cold, hoppy American IPA. 

Doesn't that sound good??

Oh and I almost forgot, the Standard Burger comes w/ sauteed mushrooms, thick slices of onion and tomato, and the bun has the perfect bun-to-patty chewiness ratio so that it doesn't completely disintegrate when you pick it up, but it is also soft enough that when you bite into it you don't crush all the burger innards or force everything out the back side and onto the floor. It's delicious.
Big fan of Standard Tap. This place is really great for any occasion. My boyfriend and I had our first date here about a year and a half ago. We just got drinks that time. It was such a good place for a first date. The bartenders were friendly (we sat at the bar) and it wasn't busy at all. I could hear my boyfriend and didn't feel like I had to scream. They have a great list of cocktails and beer. 

We decided to make our way back to where it all started for lunch this past weekend. They have a pretty decent menu for being a bar. 

We got the baked feta, New England clam chowder, standard burger, and the chicken pie. All were delicious. The dish I liked the least was the baked feta. I'm a big fan of feta so I had high hopes for the dish. I didn't really enjoy the beats. The burger and chicken pie were my favorite dishes. If I had to pick one to be my ultimate favorite it would be the chicken pie. It was an explosion of the beat thanksgiving flavors in one little pie. 

Definitely recommend this place!!
Went with my girlfriend and family for a quick meal and it turned into a really nice evening.  The food was really good since we shared I had a taste of a bunch of meals including a burger (pretty damn good and cooked perfect), soft shell crab sandwich (was awesome a large), salad (better than we could have ever expected), calamari (what can you say its bar quality calamari but was still pretty good), fries (cut thin and crispy - a crowd pleaser) and beer (Love it).  We sat on the deck so the atmosphere was perfect.  The only downside was that our service was slightly slow (not with food but with drinks) so that's why only 4 stars.  Otherwise perfect for bar food and atmosphere and drinks.
Was visiting Philly from LA.  My pal took me here. SCORE.  This is EXACTLY what i'm looking for in a gastropub. The Manayunk Black IPA and the fiddleheads, ramps and bacon started me out great. Wow. Then the burger. Blown away. The service was knowledgable and friendly. Sometimes people in "the know" can be condescending. These boys were the exact opposite. STELLAR.
Had I flown in just for this meal, and then flown right home?  Well worth the trip. If you live in or near philly... What are you waiting for?
Some memories from Standard Tap:

-Listening to the buzzcocks or some-such on the jukebox
-Lamenting a college football loss by drinking mind-eraser shots with the staff at the upstairs bar, discussing the Talking Heads greatest albums while clutching a crappy football I won in a raffle
-Bringing my vegan girlfriend to eat here only to learn that they don't really have a lot of vegan items
-Celebrating someone's birthday with drinks at one of those large tables downstairs before going dancing at 700 club
-Going for brunch and enjoying some biscuits and gravy and maybe a bloody mary or two
-Going for dinner and eating a heck of a lot of mussels and sausage, sharing the duck salad and chicken pot-pie with family

Lots of great memories. Never a bad experience. Go here and make some of your own.
The chicken pot pie is excellent. The poultry is shredded, not chunky, which makes for easy swallowin!  Very creamy and flavorful. The crust is light and fluffy, not dry or chalky. Perfect on a cold night with a dark beer. Get yourself a dope t-shirt on the way out. Very cool designs.
Been coming here for over 10 years and I can honestly say I have never been let down.  They do game and fish as well or better than anyplace in Philly.  Pair that with an incredible selection of local brews and you have heaven.  They were the first gastropub and still the best.
Heard a lot about this place, especially after it was featured on Guys's triple D on the food network. We came in with high expectations and left sorely disappointed. Came in around 9, 10 on a week night and it was dead empty. It was our first time here and we were confused. No hosts greeted us and no waiters or waitresses. There's a few guys at the bar and a girl talking to them. I searched the restaurant for someone to take us to our seats. Went as far as going into the kitchen to ask for assistance. We were redirected back into the empty dining hall and again nobody there. I went up to the bar to ask the customers how to get seats, only then the girl talking to them introduced herself as an employee of the pub. She's playing bartender/host/waitress by herself. Apparently not good at multitasking because we looked at her many times and she saw us scrambling around looking for people. To make things worst, she short changed our bill by 9 dollars at the end of the night service wise, this place gets a one. Now let's get to the bad parts.

We ordered a few items to try. The chicken pie has been hailed as the dish to get on Triple D and also the grilled octopus. We also got poutine fries. The fries came out first. Oh man was it salty! It tasted like someone pour an entire box of salt into the gravy and tried to cover it up by towering on a crap load of cheese. The fries were soggy under all that gravy, it tasted more like over salted french onion soup poured onto fries. The pie was another let down. The crust is decent but the filling was only lukewarm, like something you buy and heat up in the microwave. It was so dry I felt like I was eating shredded chicken, where was the gravy? The grilled octopus was the only redeeming item. The octopus is grilled perfectly and had a nice chew to it while still tender. Just when you thought they did it right, all the toasted bread under the octopus was burned. I mean burnt, not charred. The pricing was also ridiculous, 17 or something like that and it was an appetizer portion.

I would have given a one for the experience but they seem to have a really nice variety of beer. We didn't enjoy ourselves enough to get some but the girl did offer some samples for us. I forgot what it was but the beer tasted floral and refreshing. I wanted to like the place but I couldn't. I may go here again if I'm with a group and someone else is paying. Other than that, in saving my appetite and money for other spots in town.
The Standard Tap was a restaurant that was on my radar for some time and my daughter and I were able to get there on warm August Sunday evening. The building is fairly large and has a good choice of seating options. We opted to sit out side and upstairs and that area is really pleasant.

The beer list is very good of course and there are a lot of local beers on tap.  The menu is not that large but everything looked really good. We went with the muscles and the Chicken pie. The muscles were excellent and came with chorizo and spicy broth. The broth was really packed with flavors and just the right amount of heat for us. Our server gave us extra bread for dipping in the sauce. I may have licked the bowl if I was alone. The Chicken pie was also very good. It was flakey and light and the chicken was nice seasoned and prepared. The hamburgers looked really good too and I'll try one of those on my next visit.

We were able to find street parking pretty easily. Looking forward to returning and exploring some more of the menu. All the servers were great and helpful also.
What can i say that hasnt been said?? The place is a gem! It holds more significance than any other place in town. I had my first date here, and ten months later that same man asked me to marry him here....ahhhh. Seriously, super sentimental, and our perfect place for many dates during our time residing in the northern liberties.....

In the years prior to that fateful date, there have been many times I trekked there from Rittenhouse or South Philly because I HAD to HAVE the chicken pie or fried oysters. Oh yes, I WILL travel for cravings!

And dont forget to visit Ron at the second floor bar!! Tell him I said "Yo."
this bar has a large beer selection and is chill and laid back. at least the time i went. i think if i lived in philly this would be a staple bar of mine. i don't really have much to say other than the next time i return to philly i'll likely go back to this place. so that has to stand for something considering when i visit philly i'm only there for 3 or 4 days max. of all the bars in the city, this is one i'd return to.
1. Great rotating selection of beers on tap! Strong drinks, spicy Bloody Mary's and crispy Mimosas.

2. Friendly Bartenders and wait staff always willing to accommodate your needs or that of your party.

3. Best second story patio on Earth! Plus the cozy seating upstairs is intimate, fun and enjoyable for hours on end.

4. Lots of meat dishes and incredibly fresh seafood!
It's hard to say anything about Standard Tap that hasn't already been covered here.  So instead of telling you things everyone else can, I'll share a story that only one other person can tell.

In early April, my friend from college (woo, Syracuse) came up to visit me from Richmond, VA.  One night, we headed to Standard Tap for a late dinner and delicious beers.  It was a Wednesday, but the bar and dining room were pretty populated.  

We settled into two seats at the bar, orders a few beers (I think we were drinking Yards that night), and caught up on the two years that we hadn't seen each other.  After a few drinks and dropping a few dollars into the juke box, we ordered dinner.  I went with one of my two standards, the burger (the other is the portabella sandwich) and she had the pork sandwich, I believe.  Our food was great, like it always is, and we chatted with the bartender the whole time.

I had been working all day, and that coupled with the beers was making me a bit of a yawny-face.  The bartender must have noticed, because he then asked us what we needed to wake ourselves up.  Jokingly, I suggested that perhaps we should engage in a game to keep our minds awake, and my friend agreed.  She wanted to play Connect Four.  Laughing at us, the bartender walked away to the end of the bar. 

We continued to talk about boyfriends and jobs and college, when he came back, and on the bar in front of us he set down CONNECT FOUR.

Yes, that's right, Standard Tap has board games, or at least one game.  We played for the next half hour, loving every moment, of course.

If that's not one more reason to love Standard Tap, I don't know what is.
We were visiting Philly for 24 hours, wandering late on a Tuesday night after a concert. 

Practically all restaurants were closed. 
This place was open late and had food so didn't even hesitate to go in. We ended up ordering burgers and like 4 round of drinks! This place saved our night; the food was actually pretty good and their drinks were STRONG. 

They had a pool table so we ended up playing a few games (don't remember how many lol).

The staff was super nice and accommodating. When the pool table swallowed our coins, they were super helpful fixing it for us. 

Great memories here!
Finally came here over the weekend and man do I regret not having tried this place sooner.
I started off with 2 oysters (Medium-sized, I forget exactly what kind). At first I was kinda disappointed it just came with one thing of a chunky, unidentified sauce, cuz usually I like adding all the vinegar/hot sauce/etc stuff you get with oysters at most places. It turned out it was a red vinaigrette slushie type thing (slightly frozen) and it was DELICIOUS. The oysters were super high quality and tasted really fresh and delicious - no salt or weird fishy taste.

Next up was the chicken pie and mussels with red curry. WOWWWWWWW. The chicken pie was in this crossaint type thing - imagine a chicken pot pie in a crossaint (aka heaven) and that's what I was eating. It came on a salad with a light but yummy dressing. Ate every bite. The mussels were so so good. The waitress said they were spicy but it was perfect for me. NOM. The bread it came with was hearty and tasted fantastic with the sauce. I would've eaten that sauce as a soup with just the bread.

Overall, great service. Also fantastic roof deck type vibe on their "porch" I highly recommend coming on a nice day and sitting outside! 

I will be back, and soon.
Standard tap is the spot.  That is, if you're looking for a place to find local craft beer, and delicious fresh food.  

To start, they have roughly 20 taps in here, all of them are local.  What that means to me is I can walk in on any random day and almost be guaranteed a pint of Weyerbacher.  Winning!!

The food here is also incredible.  I'm talking locally sourced meats and produce, served up on dishes that will blow your mind, without blowing up your wallet.  I can't tell you how many times I've had the antelope during the winter, let alone how many different ways it was prepared.  All I can say is, every time I've gotten anything to eat here, I've never been disappointed.  The Chef does really great work, and it's crazy how cheap it is considering what you're getting.  $25 for fesh Antelope served with a mushroom demi-glace and a side of veggies, seriously?  Go to any 'name' steak joint (Sullivan's, Morton's), pay twice that, and tell me if it's better than Standard Tap.  Actually, don't, because it's not.

Last, the service is impeccable.  Great great bartenders that are super friendly, know a ton about food and beer, and drink during their shift.  I think that's why they're so nice :)
Tried to give it a fair chance, yet again. 

Walked in. Asked for a lager, bartender says  "mehhh heres an organic blahh bleh blaaa, its not Yuengling". Then was told to "go back to the burbs" by some hipster idiot while  his art school drop out girlfriend scoffed at us. If you enjoy pretentious people, and staff, have fun. They continue to cater to privileged white hipsters, whilst ignoring the citizenry and community they occupy. Its disgusting, and Standard Tap  should be ashamed for allowing this kind of environment to fester in an amazing community full of incredibly caring people.
Philly Brews! Standard Tap has one of the best selections of Philly(and area) beers in  the area. Kenzinger is standard (clever) with many other rotating beers on tap (double clever). The new(ish) outdoor seating area on the second floor is a great place to eat/drink or just hangout. Bonus for non-smokers, the outside area on the second floor (there has to be a better name for that!) doesn't allow smoking. The Standard's menu is also always changing. The Standard Burger is always a standard (ok I know and I'm sorry) with a few other staples (see?) on the menu. The food has always been amazing as I have been going there for a few years now, and never once disappointed. Exotic-ish items I have had there are antelope, octopus, soft-shell crab, and again have never been disappointed. Food can be a bit pricey but the drinks are on the cheaper side for what you are getting so it all works out in the end. It has a great location too nearby NorthBowl and a few other bar/clubs that can make for a fun bar hopping evening.
One of my favorite places to catch a bite. Here's why: 

- Delicious food: +2 stars 
I order something different off that wonderful blackboard every time I go, and I've never hit upon a dud on their menu. My god, their fries are good! 
- Beer: +1 star 
Yes, beer is beer, wherever you go, but I particularly like a place where I'm not made to feel like a lowbrow for coupling beer with good food. 
- Nice service: +1 star 
Everyone who works here looks like the kind of person who gives off that "My iPod playlist is superior to thine" vibe, but these guys and gals have proven to all be very cool, friendly, and welcoming, even to yuppies like me. 
- Cool atmosphere: +1 star 
They keep it dark, but not so dark that you're running into things. They like good music, but they don't feel the need to pump it at ear-splitting decibel levels. They have a little vintage-plumbing theme going on with the decor, but it's not carried to ridiculous Disney-like extremes. 
- Availability: +1 star 
Yes, I know that this puts it at six stars which is Yelpingly impossible, but if I could give it six I would. I love a place I can walk into at almost any time and find a seat at the bar or a table. 

A word of caution to vegans/vegetarians: In case you haven't already read this in the other yelp reviews, this joint doesn't really cater to you. I've ordered things before that-- according to the description on the board -- I assumed would be meatless only to find ham or something else playing a crucial role in the dish. For me, this was a delightful surprise because I love meat! You would probably be less enthused if you had dietary restrictions. My advice: either ask your server lots of questions or just stick to beer. This place may not be your cup of tofu.
This is a nice bar, but not the best in the city.  It's got good food and a good beer selection at reasonable prices.  The staff is friendly.  However, there's not enough bar seating, and it gets crowded, so there are lots of people standing around awkwardly trying to drink and not get their beer knocked out of their hands on weekend nights.  Generally, though, it's a cool place to hang out, and it's definitely one of the most popular bars in NoLib.

Tip: Try the beer by the newly opened Philadelphia Brewing Company.  I like the Walt Wit.  Generally, their beers are very hoppy (the Kenzinger, the Rowhouse Red, etc.), so the Walt Wit is the only one I can tolerate in large amounts.  But I highly suggest trying their beer at whichever bar you find it on tap.  Good stuff.
I am still a fan, a big fan.  It all started with the hand pumped Yards IPA.  What a great alternative to the already very good Yards IPA on tap...less bubbles, natural, no CO2, creamier texture, a real beer-person's beer.

Next the Tuna Poke.  This was a wonder dice of fresh raw tuna, with avocado and it tasted like a chili oil base, with blue chips for accompaniment.  Next up was the Blue Fish BLT.  Yes fans, the thick meaty fish was on scrumptious thick toasted bread, the real good bread, with the real thing bacon, not strips of that processed packaged shit, the real McCoy, thick, tasty, meaty, the kind of bacon which makes you smile.  Excellent in season fresh tomatoes topped it off.  This was wonderful in all aspects.  My friend had the Heirloom tomato sandwich.  The Heirloom tomatoes were soooo fresh, sooooo sweet, sooooo decadent, on wonderful toasted bread with a pesto aioli.  I wish I had the stomach to order one in addition to the blue fish sandwich...I thought about it!!

Brandon was superb behind the bar, helpful, friendly, he loves his job and he loves the food there as well.  

This is my go-to spot in the Northern Libs
This is turning into my favorite bar as I find myself ending up here all the time.  As the clock was ticking away to the new year and my plans to be home as the ball dropped were coming to, we stopped here to hear free music and enjoy a few more drinks.  Little did we know that along with no cover, free live music and an always great selection of beers we had stumbled upon an open bar until 9!  Thanks Standard Tap and to another 10 years!
I'd like to think the Standard Tap is the center of Northern Liberties.  Between the good food, beer, wine, music, people and the friendly atmosphere, it makes North Philly that much more welcoming (if it wasn't already).

They always have Yards on tap which is a good thing and if anyone is going to experiment and try something different, I would suggest the Portabella Sandwich.  It's amazing and comes with a mountain of fries that bear no resemblance to that of McDonalds fries... which is always a good thing.
Four different stouts and good burgers. What more could a girl ask for?

After being told it did not look good for a party of six at N. 3rd, we headed to Standard Tap. It was quite crowded, but we got a table in half an hour. Our food came quickly, but the refills did not. The burgers taste like they came off a backyard grill and they come with all the toppings you need- mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato. They are served with shoestring fries, which are nice and fresh.

It does get a bit loud, so it isn't the best place to hold a group conversation.
I'm not sure how I've been in Philadelphia for 4 months already and not yet written a Standard Tap review.  This place is consistently awesome, and fills it's niche quite nicely. It's the sort of place that when friends tell me we are going to Northern Liberties for brunch, I just assume this is what they mean.

The Good:
- The menu carries a good variety of inventive bar foods with a regularly rotating specials list which includes some fresh and delicious seafood.
- The beer selection is solid and serves as a fairly broad representation of the beers brewed in the Delaware valley area.
- The brunch, while slightly less expansive in scope than the dinner menu, still maintains some variety and some delicious standard items.
- The deck seating is perfect for social dinners with friends or lazy late brunches in the sun.

The Bad: The only bad thing I can say about this place is that they aren't very forgiving to vegetarians.  They have a few items but unless you are looking for a salad or a veggie burger, you'll probably be disappointed.

The Ugly: The wait here, particularly for weekend brunch, can be interminable.  On at least one occasion, my party had to venture a block west for brunch at a competing location.


The wrap-up: This place is delicious.  Come for dinner during the week or be prepared to wait on the weekends. Sit outside.
A Day in the Life of a Hipster Patron of Standard Tap...

"Ok bro, I mean I really love living in Northern Liberties and I think it's funny it's named after that band I like and well it's cool and junk and we have a bowling alley and these Sundae parties but I mean why is this bar just called "Standard Tap"? I mean why such a dry boring word "Standard" and what is the "Tap" about? Does it mean like "I'm gonna so tap that babe?" I don't get it bro. Hey man that's my shot! Anyway where was I going with this? Oh ya, this place is not anyway standard, I mean it has Raditude! Ya that's what it should be called Raditap! I mean Rad itself is so much cooler than Standard. Ya know? Hey man you knocked some of my beer! Go get me another lager! Man... Some of the people here are lame and not even in that cool lame like in those movies with that heavy-set guy. Ya know? Oh man this place has awesome music! I think I recognize this song! AAaaawwwoooooo!! Werewolves of Lincoln! Ya! This is soooo dope man! Oh and I love their beer selections. They even use those old school ways to fill your glass. I don't know how they do it man?!?! It's crazy! Like that hottie over there looking at me! Oh you're back with my Lager. What took you so long? I don't care if it's a friday night! The bartender knows me dude. You should had told her my name. Hey Brianna!!"

"That's not my name..." responds the bartendress.

"Wow! She totally wants me... Call me!"

The bartendress turns to her co-worker making a gag sign in her mouth.

"Wow man did you see what she did? That means she's inviting her lady friend to join us later! WOOHOO!" 

Many hours later...

"Oh man I..."

He collapses and is dragged outside and placed beside the corner trash can.

Next day.

"Woah! Where am I?|"

"Hey bro! It's me Brohan!"

"YO! Brohan! Hey! Man... Ugh... I got a hangover dude!"

"Well join me inside the Standard Tap for some Bloody Marys and Mimosas!"

"TOTALLY!"

Moral of the story: There's always a good Mimosa to cure the Post-Raditap nights.
i'm not a big fan of hipsters and i'm not a big fan of crowds, and the two put together kept me out of the standard tap for a year, even though i live nearby. 

recently some friends suggested revisiting for dinner at an off-peak hour, and even though i was craving the soup at ortlieb's i obliged.  but we went, we sat at the uncrowded bar, and i ordered the octopus appetizer.  i forgot how amazing the food is here!!!  perfectly smoky and chewy with a handful of kalamata olives and tomatoes and dressed with some balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  perfect.

so good i had to go back two days later to get it again. in addition, i ordered the monkfish and clams which i also highly recommend.  comes in a buttery tomato-white wine sauce with stewed tomatoes, potatoes and leeks.  it is wonderful.  and huge.  it's a great value for $20 - you can't find that much seafood that tasty anywhere else, i'd bet the farm on it!  we also had a beet salad which was pretty tasty.  the old horizontal barleywine kicked my ass.  good stuff.  i will be back soon, hipsters be damned.
I like Standard Tap, but I'm not crazy about it (likely personal preference and not any wrongdoing of ST).

Here's a quick list of what I do and don't like about Standard Tap:
- Great beer list. Seriously great.
- Wine is a couple dollars pricier than I'd wish
- Stay away from the mac + cheese. I love my cheesy noodles, but there was something weird tasting about theirs.
- The weekend night crowd is not...let's see...my favorite kind (the poor restaurant can't help that though)
- Two floors, there's a little table by the "bookshelf" on the top floor that is nice and comfortable.
- there's an outside to enjoy when the weather is nice.

Standard Tap, to me, is a great place to grab a beer on a weeknight. For a beer AND food on a weekend, I prefer Johnny Brenda's. Owned by the same people, but there's something about the atmosphere of JB's that I like a bit better.
Arrived a little after midnight, following the Sunday night jam session at Ortlieb's a couple blocks away. It was fairly mellow, only a few other customers lingering, but the perfect scene for us out-of-towners to wind down our evening with a few rounds of pints. The beer was probably good, but I honestly don't recall (photos from that night reveal that I was a lot more drunk that I thought I was).

I do remember making several trips to drool over the jukebox. Hands down the most impressive and diverse selection of music I've ever seen.

The lady tending the bar was super chill and helped lend to the overall sense of authenticity to the place.
I really mean 4.5.

After having been to The Standard Tap a number of times, I was sure that I was going to give it a solid 3 star review but my most recent visit definitely elevated it.  I spent my time in the upstairs bar and had an excellent visit.

The draft list here is quite solid and I've had their burger in the past.  It wasn't until this most recent visit that I tried the grilled octopus.  Oh man was it awesome.  I believe it was 8 or 9 bucks and I was wowed.  The portion was significant and it had such great flavor and texture.  It was grilled perfectly so it cut like butter and it had peperoncinos, olives and some pickled peppers below it with a nice piece of crostini.  It was almost as if the chef popped a hot pepper and drizzled the oil from it onto every piece of the octopus.

The bartender I had was pretty great.  Apparently his name is Ron and he's sort of a big deal around those parts.  I have to say that he did a bang up job and was very personable too.

So there it is.  I'm a fan of Standard Tap and I'll certainly be returning when the octopus craving strikes.
3 stars for the Tap...what?

I have fond memories of this place. On New Year's Eve eve, 2004, we had an informal, impromptu rehearsal dinner here, and every time I walk to the back of the second floor and take the one step up, I recall my fiance sitting there crying, freaked out by emotional overload. So on sentimental value alone, this place is a 4.

But I'm not reviewing memories, I'm reviewing the overall experience, with a focus on my dinner there last Saturday night. The Tap is loud and crowded, in a way that lets you know people are there for the same reasons you are, and enjoying it. They have a solid beer list and a solider menu. You can debate why Phillymag put them in the top tier of Philly restaurants (a nod to frequent advertisers?...nahhhh), but Standard Tap has found its niche and just carved it deeper and better. They expanded upstairs and built a fair-weather roof deck. They'll take your phone number and call you when your table is ready. This was handy, as we escaped the noise and fled down 2nd to the 700 Club when they told us we had a 40 minute wait. 

Our party of 5 got a great booth at the very back of the second floor, which alleviated the crowd and noise sensation elsewhere - the front room was so far beyond relaxing, I'm glad we waited as long as we did. the waiter was attentive and brought our drinks quickly, and was a good sport about our fickle ordering. 

We weren't super hungry, so we split an appetizer of grilled octopus. This was some thick, beefy tentacle, and some of the best I've ever had. Grilled octopus is a lot like chicken - if cooked well it's got a tender, meaty consistency, and will taste like whatever you marinate it in. And oh man, the marinade was like a summer BBQ. It was a sizable portion, with little cherry tomatoes and olives as garnish, and we destroyed it. I can't recommend this dish enough. 

For dinner our table ordered two Standard burgers, a pork sandwich, chicken pie and mussels & sausage. The first three items arrived at the same time, and we waited for the rest. The chicken pie arrived next, and looked pretty fantastic - it's a free-standing pot pie, i.e. no pot. And then we waited for the Mussels. And waited. And waited. The server came back to check on our drinks and seemed a little surprised that one dish was missing. Quick on the draw, he said that that was on its way, but another 5+ minutes of waiting signaled that it was totally forgotten. When it did arrive, we were pretty bummed and most of our food was going cold, and asked to have it taken off the bill. Good thing, too, because it was overspiced to the point of inedible by all but the most hot-sauce crazed diners. When we complained further, the server said that the poblano peppers can really heat it up, but they didn't call this 'three alarm mussels', so it seemed like BS to write the heat off as normal. I tasted it and it was shit. And I love mussels, sausage AND poblano peppers. The burger was good, and the pork sandwich was plentiful, though the cheese had congealed during the wait and became a negative.

When we left, they did knock the lost dish off the bill, but it just felt awkward, like we wanted to get away from them and they were probably happy to see us leave. I'm hoping my next trip is better.
Great brunch!!! Hadn't brunched here in a long while... The menu is more comprehensive and the portions are generous ! I had the French toast sandwich and added an egg to it. Oh man, delectable ! It had ham turkey and cheese in the middle! I'm drooling! The potatoes were perfect and of course a delish bloody mary too !! And two of the bloodies...mmmmm
I went to the Standard Tap recently. For some reason, I had been avoiding it in the past few months.  My avoidance was passive; I think there are a few better spots within walking distance. Still, when the weather gets just right, it's hard to beat the roof deck.  Also, I heard that Standard Tap has a slamming burger.  And with my Mom was in town it was a great night to grab dinner closeby.

Beer selection at Standard Tap closely mimics Johnny Brenda's: slightly overpriced, but with the availability of pitchers.  Again, like JB, your best bet in terms of price and quality is from a local brewery (PBC or Yard's).  Other taps include choices from Troeg's, Victory, Stoudt's and Dogfish Head.  The tap list is adequate, but not the reason to visit this joint.

The food at Standard Tap is good.  They have two different sections on the menu: sandwiches and entrees.  The entrees sound delicious and are pretty large, but have a substantial increase in price compared to the sandwiches.  I had the burger, and it certainly is good.  But that's all I can say.  To be fair, my hamburger standards are extremely high.  I finished my meal satisfied, but not impressed.  The burger is thick and juicy, so if you just want a lot of meat, this might be your favorite burger.  The bun and toppings are better than average, too.  I was with my mom, Chris (Hi mom!) and her husband , Charlie.  Charlie enjoyed his salmon BLT, and Mom had the portobello sandwich, which was probably the best out of our three dishes.  We were too full for dessert, but I like that they offer four different options.

For the few times I've been at the Standard Tap, I've come to expect subpar service.  While this past time I had the best service I've experienced here, the staff could be a bit more attentive and friendly.

While everything at the Standard Tap is average or better, the atmosphere is the part that puts it over the top.  Downstairs includes a nice bar and great tables to chill in a dark, relaxed atmosphere.  Upstairs has a smaller bar, and some bigger rooms and tables for larger groups.  And as already mentioned, the outdoor deck is the best spot around.  Really, it can't be beaten on a nice summer eve.  

Bottom Line:  The Standard Tap is good.  It serves a specific purpose, but with such a variety of options for food and beer within a stone's throw, it's hard to really campaign for the Standard Tap.  That being said, you'll probably see me there a few times this summer.  Because no matter what I say, you can't beat a few pitchers of good beer overlooking NoLibs with s nice breeze.
My husband and I happened upon this place after dropping our daughter off at the nearby Fillmore. Service was prompt and attentive. Our waitress was helpful and knowledgeable. 
We both had the Ginger Lynn which was a terrific cocktail. Refreshing and not overly sweet. 
I ordered the fish fry, which was a whitefish. The fish was lightly fried but not greasy. I enjoyed it quite a bit. The fries were homemade (I think) and quite good. The coleslaw was outstanding. My husband had the chicken pie, which he loved. It's a heavy dish, but it's very tasty and unique. 
We both had dessert. He had the apple strudel and I had the peanut butter sundae. Both were a great end to a terrific meal. 
My only complaint is that I don't like the chalkboard menus (or there should be more of them). I had to get up from my seat to see the menu. And, I was uncomfortable hovering by someone else's table to read the menu.
Beer, ambiance, prices, service... all good. 

Shortribs... mediocre. Mussels (and sausage)... baaaaad. The meat of the mussels were tiny and hard, and there were a few particularly horrible ones--nice and fishy. Yuck. The shortribs and the mussels were all we tried, but enough to convince us to not come back for the food.
Definately a fun place to just hang out, drink and eat. They always have a good selection of beer, including my local fav, Victory. I've also really enjoyed the food every time i've gone. They have great burgers and pork sandwiches. There's two floors and a porch with a view when the weather's nice.
About 20 taps with great beers in each. That is as good as it gets. Good environment, lots of room too. I would definitely come back again and again.
Great bar, great location, great vibe. 

Have to give them a special shout out for not kicking out my group. My intoxicated friends kept breaking glasses (!) and broke at least 3, no exaggeration. The bartenders were really cool about it, surprisingly and cleaned up the mess without telling us to go to hell. So thanks Colonial Tap and sorry on their behalf.
The standard burger is a solid burger, nothing to write home about.

Do yourself a favor and order the roasted chicken sandwich. Although, it may be a little salty, it tastes like a little piece of heaven.

I came for dinner, but it looks like a great spot to grab a beer and they have an excellent beer selection.
Found out about this spot while watching an episode of Diners, Drive Ins and Dives on the Food Network. The episode featured some craft beers and a signature menu item: the chicken pot pie. I had to have it and since it was only 55 minutes away, I made a reservation for that weekend. On street parking is tough in that area so give yourself a little extra time to get situated. The place is right on the corner and easy to find. We entered into the main bar area and we were greeted right away by the hostess who seated us immediately right by the pool table. That area should've been better thought out since we often had to move out of the way to allow for the people playing to make their shot without getting hit with a pool stick. The beer menu and food menu change often so they have them listed on chalk boards. I was on a mission so I didn't even have to look for entrees but we had driven near an hour so we got a ton of appetizers to try everything. Two out of three types of oysters were great but one (the something fleet) was a little fishy and funky. Liver pate isn't my thing but my husband thought it was great and it was served with really fresh sour dough bread which I had to try. The mixed pickles were ok. The fried feta with beets and the French fries were delicious. The chicken pot pie was not what I expected but totally worth it! I anticipated a thicker than soup consistency center but not as thick as it actually was. The chicken was also shredded and not cubed. Again unexpected but totally delicious! I really liked it and it was worth the hour drive. The strip steak was nice, aged to perfection, but it was unfortunately overcooked. Should have been served rarer. I didn't try the brisket but my friend devoured it so I'll assume it was good lol... overall a rustic vibe and they were playing old 80s style music which was fun in the background. Server was also on point and explained some of the menu items in great detail for us. It's super dark so none of the photos really came out nice but hopefully this review helps!
so yeah, like everyone else, i love this place...good (and cheap) beer, delicious seafood (last time i went i had some super fresh oysters), good music, attentive yet relaxed bartenders and a fun crowd.  go there.
I just can't say no to the mussels at Standard Tap. The mussel sauce is bathe-worthy. Like, if someone ran it over with a car a few times, I'd still lap it up. Yeah, that tasty.
I'm a little biased against Standard Tap because the first time I ate here, I was on a terrible date with a stranger who didn't drink, but who neglected to mention that fact until I had picked a gastropub for dinner. :(

On with the review. Let's play the pro-and-con points game:

1. Add 5 points if you like good beer.
2. Add 5 points if you like tasty fries.
3. Add 5 points if you like strange shellfish things.
4. Add 5 points if you like a lively dining room where you can still hear yourself think.
5. Subtract 5 points if you're on a date with a teetotaler you met last week.
6. If you're vegetarian, subtract all your points, lose the date, and just go to to North Third with your pals instead of eating another boring veggie burger at Standard Tap.

Carnivores with steady significant others, you should check this place out.
I've only been once, so it's hard to give a well-rounded review...but somehow I don't care considering it's the BEST BAR FOOD THAT HAS EVER HAD THE HONOR OF GRACING MY TASTEBUDS.  Now, I've eaten a lot of food.  I've eaten a lot of good food.  I've eaten a lot of bar food.  Those two don't often go hand in hand.  I got the muscles and the duck salad and both had me "mmmm"ing all through the meal and long after they were finished.  The sauce for the muscles was so good (spicy but delicious), we asked for extra bread (also amazing) probably 6 times to dip into it.  The duck was falling off the bone and the tastes were dancing in my mouth.

The beer was delicious too.  Since I'm an avid Lager drinker and I was unfamiliar with all of the local brews that they carried, the bartender wanted to make sure we found a beer I liked.  So he gave us a little tasting and I was very grateful to be stepping out of my comfortable Yuengling boundaries.

The booths are big so you can stuff a lot of people in them and the people are fabulous.

My only complaint is that it's not the most inexpensive place on the block, but man, if I have money to spend, you know where I'm spending it...
Came in for some noshes pre dance party on Saturday night with Michael G.
We walked in and it was super packed not a good sign when your wanting to sit and eat. We walked upstairs and inquired about a table apparently after a certain hour EVERYONE in your party must order food(we were asked twice if we were both ordering food) 
The menu wasn't really vast for snacking (more entree options) but i decided on the clams and we split some fries.
I know i committed a cardinal sin by coming here and not having a beer but all the ones listed on the draft list I've had r didn't care to try. I opted for a glass of the white Bordeaux (obvi) it was just ok and usually bordeaux rocks giant socks. They hade about 6 different wine varieties all $9.00 per glass which seems a little much when you see the choices. 
My clams were ok nothing too fancy. They came with some sort of sauce that was a cross between coleslaw and an aioli ( it was weird) The fries were great crispy , crunchy and not the least bit greasy. MG decided on a salad and seemed to enjoy it. 
I didn't get the best impression during the later hour i was here so a return is def in order maybe for brunch....
Its always so sad when you have to say good bye to a friend - especially one that's moving to bumble-frick middle of nowhere Minnesota to work on an organic farm for the next couple of months. So we decided to take him out for a last hurrah/happy belated birthday at Standard Tap since he'd never EVER been to the Northern Liberties (and yet grew up in Philly).

Arrived a little before 7pm, perfect timing since we snagged one of the few remaining tables upstairs. The poor suckers behind us had to nurse their beers by the bar and watch us order. The two boys next to me opted to order the exact same thing - the burger - while I opted to treat myself to much needed oysters on the half shell and their beet salad. The interior is lovely, I was really digging the red painted walls and red light right above our table, and I'm always a sucker for some dark wood accents everywhere you turn. Mostly I was amused by the enormous group of guys that absconded a whole wall's worth of tables - we kept trying to guess why there weren't any girls with them.

Anyways, on to more important things - like the food! Oysters arrived mere minutes after our waiter took our order, and I scarfed them down as quickly as they shucked 'em! I loves me some oysters. My salad arrived with the boys' burgers and I was a wee bit surprised at the...size...of the...salad.......I dunno, maybe I just need to become more familiar with their menu, but when a salad is listed on the menu, even as an appetizer, its usually about twice the size as what I got. I'd compare it to a tapas portion rather than appetizer. Still tasty, though. The burgers were huge and came with those darn tasty fries. The awesome thing about boyfriends is when they let you snag a few bites from their plate without caring :) Some things seem to be priced well, while others *cough*salad*cough* are just not worth it. But the food is definitely good, as is the beer on tap, and when your laid back waiter is nice and VERY attentive to your table, a good meal is had by all.
The Standard Tap is just better on my conscience and my belly; better for local farmers, better quality food, better for urban agriculture and revitalizing abandoned community space, and definitely better than cooking brunch on a lazy sunday morning.  

They have a sweet outdoor patio overlooking poplar, and don't worry the tables have umbrellas in case you're allergic to daylight Sunday afternoon.  
The food was excellent.  It took me a while to decide what to order; mainly because their choices varied from comfort food staples, to intriguing foods I had never tried before.  I tried the mushroom croquette, which was just melt in your mouth awesome, but the other food coming out looked pretty tasty as well.  

My only complaint would be that the service was slow, but you can't have it all I suppose.    Oh and I hear they make a mean bloody mary.
Standard Tap is one of my most favorite bars in the city one of which I haven't been spending as much time in as I'd like.. Their food is soooo good.  My favorite was their bacon avacado sammich, but I haven't seen it on their menu lately...sadly.  I love their mussles. so so good.  

My favorite time to go to standard is on sunday for brunch...but I will go for dinner.  I find it less crowded on a weekend morning which is much more enjoyable for me.  The bartenders are really great, they always have a good selection of local beers.  I absolutely love the building outside and in.  In the winter my favorite place to sit is upstairs next to the fireplace...although if you're not sitting next to the fireplace it can be pretty drafty and cold.  If i lived within walking distance to standard tap I know I would frequent it much more, but I'm glad I don't because I wouldn't want to get too much of a good thing.
There's a million great gastropubs around Philly, but Standard Tap is one of the originals.  They've consistently had great beer and great burgers for years.  If you've never stopped in, I'd recommend it.
Probably the best gastropub in Philly that I have been to. I think the food has improved somewhat since Carolynn Angle left a few years back, with a couple of exceptions which I'll discuss.

Standard Tap has about 20 beers on tap,all of which are local and usually very difficult to find elsewhere. They are pretty good about letting you get tastes of them, and it is usually easy to find good beers here (wish they had more stouts/brown ales, but I say this about many places). Service is anywhere from decent to really good depending on the day.

Food itself is quite good, especially when it comes to the green salads, which are phenomenal, as are most of the seafood appetizers (octopus is particularly good). Haven't really had a chance to have the steak recently, but others who I have been with have had it and liked it. Unfortunately, the burger has gone somewhat downhill in my opinion in recent years, whether it be changing of the roll (issue with the late Carolynn Angle years) or now, the meat just doesn't taste quite as good. Fries are always quite good here and they will let you swap out fries for a salad and a few other options for a pretty nominal surcharge (I think greens are a free swap actually).

Desserts are quite good too; can strongly recommend!
