I have been to Stateside twice, both times just for drinks. I recently visited Stateside last weekend. My wife and I enjoyed drinks before our dinner reservations at FOND. I consider the staff behind the bar at Stateside specialist at their craft. If you are lucky enough to find at seat at this extremely cozy establishment you will be afforded the opportunity to watch these guys work, while enjoying your very own cocktail.
Stateside has an OUTSTANDING Happy Hour that compliments the attentive quality of service. This place has been on my list for some time. I love walking past this corner bar. Outside wooden stools (looking into the restaurant), while the bar seating (indoor) overlooks those patrons and the action of Passyunk. Get ready to get cozy with your neighbor. It's not a big bar but it has a lot to offer in atmosphere. 

Happy Hour consists of $1 Oysters (West Coast Oyster prices are a tad higher), half off beers, discounted wines and more. It's a never ending smorgasbord.
Normally, cocktails and dessert wouldn't bring me to five-star territory, or even review territory, but my experience at Stateside tonight was just that good. We nabbed two seats at the bar before the restaurant got crowded. Over the next couple hours, free seats were sparse, and people came and went when there was nothing available, with a few that got lucky at the right time. 

As we watched the bartender (Jen) whisk drinks together, the smells were simply intoxicating. The Hot Butter Rye was too aromatic to pass up, so the boyfriend went for it. Literally made with butter, brown sugar, rye, whipped cream and other delicious ingredients,  I stole sips whenever possible, praying the calories per sip weren't too horrendous. Meanwhile, my Gasparilla was like a wintry version of a rum-infused creamsicle. Delicious. 

We also tried the smoked chocolate ganache dessert, topped with sea salt and served over creamy marshmallow and graham crackers. The warm sugared doughnut with maple bacon syrup was equally fantastic. La Colombe coffee is served at Stateside.

We couldn't bring ourselves to call it quits, so we went for one more round. Clover Clubs had just the right bite of gin but enough other flavors to round out the sharpness. Drinks are very reasonably priced, and I'd even go so far to say one of the best deals on quality cocktails in the city. And with pleasant, smart service like Jen's, a trip to Stateside's bar will be a no-brainer in the future. 

My only regret? Calling it a night and asking for our check moments before David Ansill sat down next to us. Surely that would have made the evening even more interesting.
Lessons in how to go from a 4 star rating to 1 in a single experience.

Stateside, yes the same Stateside visited by Anthony Bourdain on his long awaited Philadelphia episode. Yes the same Stateside that was voted #1 in 2013 by Philadelphia magazine, and yes the same Stateside that I have preached to all of my friends that live just outside the city that the journey and parking problems are well worth the trip. Stateside you have fallen.

Their new approach to dining seems to centered around 3 new dining principles. Cut the menu by a third, cut the portion size in half and increased in price.

The Menu:
Once a full tapas menu with delights and wonder as far as the foodie eye can taste has been chiseled down to a single list of items with little to no thought regarding the gastro journey that it once was. Even the menu presentation seems to have been given a Wal Mart touch. A single white 8  1/2 by 11 sheet of paper fresh off a kinkos copier thoughtlessly fastened to a plastic menu board whose original intent doesn't even match the size.

Portion:
I understand "small plates" but Stateside seems to have gone the way of a 1980's high concept far less is more approach. Allow me to paint a picture. Think high end wedding finger food only you can't hunt down the serving staff to double up on that tasty foie gras bite. Needless to say after 5 plates and 2 desserts we left hungry.

The Food:
Compared to the Stateside I once knew the food was just so so.

Price:
One of the best things about Stateside was after an amazing meal that would run well into the 3 digits if you were in Rittenhouse would come in at around $70.00-$80.00. I guess the rent went up, to our surprise we ended up spending double.

Too much fame too soon? Who knows but I am forced to resend all of my Stateside recommendations.

Oh did I mention they charged us for bread.
The drinks were great but the transphobia and homophobia weren't anywhere near as palatable.  The server misgendered me but was apologetic after I corrected her.  No biggie really.  The BOH dude with the bushy dark beard glaring at me and the woman with whom I was on a date then shoving his finger down his throat was disgusting and unsanitary.  I work at a nearby bar so we left and headed there for food and more drinks. I'm not coming back. I'm also advising lgbt and the friends I've made in the industry over 17 years to avoid this establishment. Ta~
The best dinner I've had in years (ever?). Really.

Since so much of their menu is small plates, the prices can add up quickly if you want to try everything, but listen. Save your money from going out to three mediocre cheaper places and just wait and go to Stateside - the meal you'll get there will be better than any of those other mediocre places combined. Well worth it.

This is what we got: Pickled carrots with ginger & cumin, pan roasted brussel sprouts, house made duck sausage, grilled coulette steak, grilled shrimp (on special that night), crispy maple glazed pork belly, and then for dessert (although I'm surprised we even had room for dessert at this point) the chocolate tart and the apple donut. 

Oh.. and the cocktails, let's not leave those out. Our bartender was awesome, she was so friendly and gave suggestions and would ask what we wanted next when our drinks were getting low rather than wait until they were completely empty. A little thing like that goes a long way. 

The restaurant is pretty tiny and there's not much standing room if you have to wait. Might not be the best place to go if you have a large group. They don't take reservations on Fridays or Saturdays, which I  actually think is a good thing, because you can just decide to go last minute and try your luck.  We sat at the bar at first, waiting for a table to open up.. but the bar was so comfortable anyway we decided to just stay and eat there. The manager went around to everyone asking how their dinner was going, definitely made us feel welcome.

Chef George Sabatino, please come home and cook for me every night. I could eat those brussel sprouts for every meal of the day.
Will always go back again and again for their happy hour. 5$ old fashion and $1 oysters and the best outside open bar. I have never actually had a meal here. But the service is great, they welcome dogs and even give them water and a bone!
brussels craving = satisfied!

after penning my previous review, said craving set in hard, and i found myself back at stateside for dinner. but before indulging in my most favorite of sprouts, i nibbled on some pickles (cauliflower = whoa good!), shaved veggie salad (kale + crunchy toasted chickpeas = win!), and house made (!!) goat cheese over a bed of escarole and pine nuts.

and then....the brussels.

pan roasted in a chestnut brown butter sauce with mushrooms (can you say decadent?), those bad boys had me literally squealing with delight. LITERALLY. i intentionally didn't finish so i could enjoy as leftovers again the next day, and enjoy i did.

...and by not eating all my veggies, i had room for dessert! in this case, the maple panna cotta. mmm...a perfect end to another perfect meal.
i had just finished working a nearly 13 hour shift. on a saturday. after being immersed in fried food all day, i was craving me some veggies....and a stiff drink.

enter: stateside, a fairly new, prohibition-themed gastropub in the heart of east passyunk. our nearly midnite arrival meant my choices were limited to those items that needn't be cooked, but i hardly felt limited in my selection, even as a veg. 

but first things first: drinks! the clover club called to me, as i am a big fan of egg whites in my cocktails. it was frothy and refreshing....exactly what i needed. while tempted to order another on my second round, i went with the other eggy offering: the gasparilla. house made orange bitters were most notable here; another solid selection. 

my dining companion ordered himself a classic manhattan (gorgeous in color, and complete with a REAL cherry!) while also inquiring about the rather curious "death's door WHITE whiskey" listed on the menu. the friendly & knowledgeable GM soon came over to explain the brewing process of this wisconsin-made whiskey, along with a free (!) sample so that we could see how it has the aroma and initial bite of tequila, but with a whiskey finish. oh yeah, this is definitely a whiskey bar.

back to food: we started with a cheese plate. i love cheese; it makes me happy. especially good cheese, paired with perfect accouterments. no doubt specific offerings will vary with season, so i won't go into detail, but man, they know how to put together a mean cheese plate. next up, assorted pickles: carrots, cukes with celery root, and fennel with butternut squash (!) plus an order of salt roasted beets. veggie craving: satisfied!

....tho i am still craving the pan roasted brussels i've read so much about on here. clearly, i need to get back to stateside soon - this time at a normal hour.
Stateside is in our hood, so we have desperately tried to like it.  Unfortunately, three strikes and you're out.

First of all, anyone who lives in, near, works around, or has been to South Philly knows that it is a true neighborhood. Especially the Passyunk Square area. This is not center city with parking garages full of NJ license plate vehicles looking for "trendy/clublike/hip/flashy" restaurants.  It is a community--when you live in the area you can't walk out your front door without seeing someone you recognize.  With that said, Stateside--the owners, servers, BARTENDERS, etc.--need to take a lesson in how to treat their customers, aka their neighbors.

The first time I went here was for happy hour with two girlfriends. The restaurant had just opened and we wanted to give it a try.  The three of us arrived at separate times and each met up with the other at the bar.  The restaurant itself was empty (tables) but the bar was filling up. In total I would say there were 20 people in the bar.  It's a small area so it felt "full".
The big deal was trying to get the attention of the "MIXOLOGIST" in order to get a glass of wine.  At most any bar I have been to in my life, the bartender is able to multitask, i.e. mix one drink and at least looks up at/acknowledge other patrons. The bartender was standing in front of us, shaking the drink of the person next to us.  I asked if I might have a glass of the house white when they got a chance.  The response was a dirty look and "I'm in the middle of something". Very strange behavior if you ask me. The girl never returned to take my order.  I then went to the other side of the bar where a man was working.  I asked if we could get some drinks.  He said in a moment. I went back to my seat.  We sat AT the bar for over 15 minutes and counting before we could get served.  I asked the hostess if we could sit at a table to get a server to wait on us and she said only if we ordered food and that they could not honor the happy hour specials. Oy.
My other girlfriend was successful in getting the girls' attention and this time ordered 2 glasses of wine and a beer. They moved at a snails pace and there was not a smile, a "thank you", or any feeling of comfort or welcome to be found.  We paid for those drinks and then left.

The second time we were there was for drinks with friends yet again.  They were already there or I might have warned otherwise.  We decided we wanted specialty cocktails. We asked if we could see the menu and if they had any suggestions.  He said "they're all good". Great salesman! Anyway, we ordered our drinks which were weak, small portioned, and certainly not worth $10+.  We left still unimpressed.

This last time however I said let's try the food and go on a true "date" here. We went on a Wednesday night just the two of us. They sat us in a table in the middle next to a slightly older couple who were against the wall.  I felt bad for them instantly because it was obvious it was way too dark in there for them to read the menu and the printing was very small.  We offered the flashlight on our phone and they were appreciative.
When our server came to the table we each began to order a specialty cocktail. When he ordered his she told us they couldn't make that.  He picked an alternative and she said they couldn't make that either.  He settled on something else quickly and regretted it the minute it showed up with an egg on top--he must have missed that in the pressure to reselect.  I suppose it would have been nice to have been offered a suggested alternative. A total waste of $10+.  When we told her we didn't realize it had an egg on it she said "it says it in the menu". I made the mistake of asking about one of the drinks ingredients: Rhuby. She said "it's the liquor..you know from Art in the Age". Unfortunately, typing this response does not dictate the tone she said this in, which was one that insinuated I was offending her by asking this. Regardless of the fact that I am familiar with the shop in old city "Art in the Age" which sells specialty liquors such as "Root" (root beer) and "Snap" (ginger snap), I was NOT AWARE that there was a "Rhuby" (rhubarb) one. Thanks for making me feel stupid and for not offering up any further explanation whatsoever.

For food, we ordered the cucumber pickles, pan seared brussel sprouts, duck and roasted garlic sausage, and the chicken breast.  The cucumbers were our least favorite dish...too much of this and not enough of that. They just weren't good. The brussel sprouts were almost inedible because they were swimming in a pool of butter. The sausage was good, but it needed more seasoning.  The chicken was the best part of the meal but it was a small portion which left a lot to be desired for $21. All in all this is a shame. The staff could make you feel like you want to come back but instead they make you feel like you can't wait to leave.  Sorry, Stateside, but your neighbors are not impressed.
Well, it's hard to review this place for a meal because I couldn't have one.  No open tables on a Thursday night for several hours.  The hostess didn't offer to take my name or put me on a waiting list or even tell me I could eat at the bar.  (you can eat at the bar)  The bar stools were all taken so I started the second, standing room only row.  Another person arrived and another.  Finally a seat opened up.  No one seemed to be in a hurry to leave or drink or serve.  I grabbed the seat and waited.  And mind you, I am outgoing, I am not a wallflower.

Great drink menu, and all alcohol is made in the USA.  Nice touch.  Cool food menu.

Yeah, it felt like everyone was chillin'.  Including the help.  The bartendress, who was engaged to Chef Sabatino, was more interested in chatting with her friends about Twitter than serving.  The other bartender dude was slow, non-communicative, and non-friendly.  The bartendress, when I asked how much a certain Rye was, said "I don't know it by heart, here's a menu." Instead of looking it up herself.  And she wasn't busy.  Felt like everyone was so "mellow" that this place couldn't possibly be making any money on alcoholic beverages.

I stayed for 40 minutes, and had two drinks.  No seat opened up, and very few drinks were served.  Bizarre.  I could have eaten, but the person who was meeting me could not have.

Anthony Bourdain visited here recently and filmed his segment on Philly.  Did they get an ego or something after he came?

Anyways, the whiskey sour was well done, a nice whiskey I have never had and the sour was fresh and not too sweet, and it had an egg white.  When they actually feel like working, they make good drinks.

I may try again for the food which is recommended, but the people here seem to have an attitude problem.
Went to stateside at 8pm with a large group. Everything was fantastic, the food was very delicious, and the service was very attentive and great. The food was delicious, but for the small plate portions, I think it was just too expensive, which is the only reason I'm deducting a star from this review.  $10-$15 per plate for tapas style. But, the food was delicious, and maybe if we didn't over-order, we could have kept our bill under a reasonable amount. But, we kind of had to over-order, because the plates were so small.
We seriously ordered almost everything, so here's my run-down:
- Scallop: soo delicious, but sliced thin scallop, not plump like you're used to seeing. $12 was too much for this small dish, although it was lip smacking good.
- Brussel Sprouts were amazing
- Mushroom tarte was amazing, but $12 is way overpriced for this. It's small!
- Flatbread special was one of my favorites, it had a delicate sliced cured meat and gorgonzola cheese. Perfect flavor, and actually a good size portion. 
- Rabbit was OK, more pastry puff than rabbit. Not the best for $14. 
- Lobster & pine nut tortellini was really good, but for $14, you only get 2 tortellinis and they were pretty small. I was shocked at this portion size for the price. Although it was very delicious, my table ordered a second one! 
- DUCK Breast was the best dish for your money. $14 it was hearty, plenty of meat, great sauces, and veggies. We ordered 2 of these it was so good! 
- OCTOPUS was also one of our favorites. Perfectly cooked, great flavor, with fennel. Yumm!
- TROUT was another favorite of mine, it was a thick cut, and cooked perfectly. I really enjoyed this one. 
 
Overall, fantastic food, small portions, but high prices for the portion size. So, come here, its totally worth it, but don't come on an empty stomach or you'll end up spending way too much money to fill yourself up! 

PS- drinks are crafty, good gastropub type cocktails, with fancy mixology!
I'm a really big fan of Passyunk Square and all of the surrounding bars and restaurants, and am really glad about how the neighborhood has progressed in the past few years.  Stateside is no exception and I had a really good time here. When I first asked about whether I should visit Stateside for dinner, my friends seemed very polarized about their experiences: some said that they had an amazing time, and others downright hated it. As a result, my friend and I decided on getting dinner elsewhere and drinks at Stateside afterwards.

We came in for drinks on a warm spring night, and were promptly greeted by the bartender about the specials and recommended cocktails. The great thing about Stateside is that the bar has windows and you can actually sit "outside" the restaurant, but still at the bar. We ended up sitting inside, so we could get a good view of the square. I ended up ordering my usual Old-Fashioned multiple times, before switching over to some of the draft beers afterwards. The bartender really made a great Old-Fashioned, and didn't skimp on the bourbon, which was very appreciated. She was actually also a really good sport throughout the night, because my friend and I keep talking about our disdain for a certain acquaintance named Emily, which happened to also be her name. We joked around and had a good laugh about it. We ended up staying at the bar for about 4 hours since the weather was perfect and in general, it was such an enjoyable night.

The service at the bar was very prompt and attentive, and we could see the amount of time and care they put into the drinks, which was a good sign. I saw all the people sitting around in the small dining area, and they all seemed to really be enjoying their food and drinks. To my knowledge, the staff working at the time working at the time were all pretty attentive, just like the bartenders, and they kept churning through the dinner and post-dinner crowd pretty efficiently.

Perhaps I'm being a bit hasty with this review without trying the food, but after seeing people really enjoy their time at Stateside, I'm very inclined to come back for the dining experience. Until then, I can safely say that you can come here for a great cocktail and enjoy the relaxed ambiance.
Just goes to show you Phila Magazine is total bullshit.  We had a shaved fennel salad which was loaded with salt, it was hard to swallow.  If you can't make a salad, what is the rest of the food like.  We were then served a place of average scallops that were raw in the middle.  It's amazing with food like this, the restaurant was absolutely packed.
You're paying for Georgia but getting Delaware.

We ordered drinks before the meal. for $8.50, I expected my average beer to be served in a standard pint glass, not a glorified shot glass.

The food is very good, but unless there's a famine going on, there's no reason for a $17 scallop dinner to be served with just 2 scallops and some edible decor. The $15 beef plate was served with a side of bok choy - a single leaf of bok choy. 

But hey, what do I know. By the time we finished our meals, the place was packed. Our table was a hot commodity and people were staring us down. 

No plans to return.
So I'm wandering Passyunk Ave checking out the scene and I pop into Stateside.  I did what one of the servers called the "Stateside Double Take."  I thought I'd been caught in one of those Star Trek transporter beams and zapped over to Rittenhouse Square!  This place doesn't look like it belongs on Passyunk Ave.  It's a tiny, beautifully appointed contemporary space. It's immediately apparent that you won't be ordering a cheese steak wit.

I stopped by just to have a drink as I was heading for another event.  As I sipped on premium vodka from California I perused the menus.  It was clear that this place focuses on small plates.  The choices looked delicious and the friendly bartender answered all my questions.  I had and opportunity to see some of the food served to other patrons and it was beautifully plated. 

My limited visit for just a drink was a pleasure.  I've bookmarked this place and plan to bring the lovely wife for what I expect will be a memorable dinner.
Just visited Stateside for the first time since Sabatino left. Only words of advice - DON'T BOTHER!!!

I literally just created a Yelp account for the sole purpose of sharing this review. We live in the same neighborhood as Stateside and truly treasured the culinary gem that it has been since opening. I have been dying to take my parents and just did only to find myself embarrassed beyond belief. 

As Melissa R mentioned, portions have shrunk to four-bite proportions and prices have increased.  Throughout dinner we had a view of new executive chef, Elijah Milligan, standing around. Apparently being an executive chef does not entail cooking. 

I am left mystified how a restaurant could deviate so greatly from the reputation it has come to earn. It is as though they are trying to create an entirely new image. Mind you not a great one!
Beauty in words should be reserved for only maximal dining experiences. That said, if there were such a thing as poetic injustice, trying to write a baroque review of Stateside would certainly qualify.

...Because when your meal begins with a toasty drink - a hot buttered rye - that's so amicable to your esophagus and piquant to your papillae that it makes you forget the vile, scathing, burning sensation of shooting cold rye, you musn't try to protract the experience.

...Because when the crispy cauliflower is as golden as the palatial pillars of the Taj Mahal, and buttery enough to beguile any toddler into eating his whites, you ought not attempt to convince your colleagues that cauliflower really does have a slight nutty flavor if roasted well.

...Because when the crispy maple glazed pork belly with a fat to meat ratio of 1:4 and a moisture to dryness ratio of 100:0 promotes a silent fork battle between you and your mate interspersed with the occasional clamor of (affable?) silver, you know you've found the perfect dish to "shut the f*ck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence" (thanks Mia and Vincent). 

...Because when the desserts are petite and ordering two is still innocuous to any diet, and the ginger snap is soft and topped with a chilled caramel mousse the texture of a fluffy budino, and the chocolate tart with homespun marshmallow fluff tastes like a freshly toasted s'more birthed by the smokey flames of a tumbleweed ignited campfire on the plans of Kansas, you know you've found a new home on Passyunk.
As a longtime resident of Passy Ave, I was very excited to see that someone bought and renovated the space on Cross and Passyunk right on the regionally-famous Singing Fountain. The building was absolutely ripe for remodeling with large windows that open onto the street and a great location just south of POPE (aka the medieval dungeon). Occasionally I would check in on their progress. I was elated to see their layout, which places the bar in the corner so that tenders can serve both indoor patrons as they gaze out on the hipster street parade and outdoor ones enjoying the sweet South Philadelphia air. 

When their menu went up, I was even more excited... pickles, rillettes, pork belly ( yes, yes, and YES). But then I saw their beer taps... Bells 2 Hearted, Yards Love Stout, Victory Prima Pils (yyyyyaaaawwwnnn) and after eating there I can safely say that I have deeply divided views about this place.

We started with the Rabbit Rillettes w/ plum preserves which were absolutely amazing. The only thing I could fault is the lack of toast points they serve along with it. I really wanted to savor that fatty goodness longer.

Since Stateside has an entire menu section dedicated to pickles, I figured we should try some. Our server recommended the Kohlrabi And Cucumbers with pickling spice & dill... simple but a good litmus test I thought. These were a total disappointment, not so much due to the taste but more to the serving size. For $4 you get about 1/4 of a cucumber all tucked into a tiny pickling jar... umm what? Why would you do that? Cucumbers grow like crazy AND the pickling process is so easy my cat could do it.

Next up, small plates. We got the Spotted Skate Wing barley, wild mushroom broth, smoked mussels and Crispy Maple Glazed Pork Belly fried nora mills grits, gala apples, spiced cider jus. FAN-freakin-TASTIC. I mean, so very good. The broth for the Skate was out of this world, my date ate every last drop. The grits for the Pork Belly were pressed into a crispy little cake and perfectly fried. I was floored at how well each component added to the next.

After they killed it on the small plates, we decided to get dessert (something I rarely do). The server described the offerings and we settled on a Gala Pear Tart with some kinda sour ice cream. This was actually more like a chopped pear fruit cup with a penny-sized dollop of cream... so sad. 

Overall the atmosphere was ok, the interior defines the term "urban industrial'," but the bar is sturdy and marble and curvy ... almost kinda sexy. Next time I plan to stay away from the pickles, get a specialty drink, skip dessert, and sit at the bar.
Though it has a great look and vibe with a bar that spills into the sidewalk, very European, the food, particularly portions, fell short.  Small portions (even the large plates were small) and prices that were way out of line.  Great presentation if you like a big plate with food covering about an 1/8 of the territory!  I did like my cauliflower small plate which was a reasonable size (maybe cause it's a veggie)?  The duck large plate tasted okay, was not particularly tender and a serrated knife would have helped.  Other note, really loud, hard to converse and the exposed air conditioning duct above our heads dripped.  A server would regularly come by to swab it!  If I came back, I'd stick with getting a beer at the bar.  Nice selection for beers!
Stateside was a disappointment.

We started with the cheese plate, which is a total rip-off. For $20 you get 4 tiny pieces of cheese, a few walnuts (seriously like 3), a smear of jam, and a few pieces of bread. I spent $25 on cheese at DiBruno earlier in the day and got about 10 times more cheese, and DiBruno is overpriced as it is.

We each had a 'small plate' and an entree. The best small plates were the mushroom tagliatelle, which I got, and the cauliflower. Both were tasty. One of my friends had the 'scallop' (he was concerned that the menu said 'scallop' and not scallops' and he was right) - it was basically one scallop cut up into little pieces and mixed with other stuff. My fiance had the beets & venison, which was okay.

For dinner I had the soft shell crab, which was tasty, but I've had better at both Fare & Dmitri's. My fiance had the duck, which was good but small. Someone else had some kind of meat, I forget which one, and he said he could barely cut through it. 

We all left hungry, after spending $130 a couple. My fiance came home and had a taco. 

The wine was fine, but nothing to write home about, especially for $10-14 a glass. The service was slow, and it was a Tuesday night, not overly busy. 

Certainly not the #1 restaurant in Philly.
I've been to Stateside multiple times when George Sabatino was the chef.  The food was amazing, the drinks were amazing, the service was superb.  The restaurant was well-deserving of the number one restaurant in Philly designation.  

Unfortunately, since that time, there have been two changes of the guard at Stateside.  I went after the most recent.  My sister bought a house in East Passyunk, and I wanted to take her somewhere delicious in her new neighborhood to celebrate.  We were able to get a reservation at Stateside at the last minute (which I should have taken for the omen that it was).  

The decor and ambiance of Stateside are romantic and cozy, if you get a table in the back and away from the bar.  It's a small, dimly-lit space and the bar is usually packed.  There are two high top tables abutting the bar.  This means that if you are at one of those tables, people waiting for their tables are very, very close to you while you try to enjoy your meal.  I recommend that you ask for a low-top table in the back when you make your reservation.  

To start, we split the cheese plate, which was good, but when served (not by our server), did not have much accompanying explanation as to which cheese was which and what accompaniment it went with.  

For our entrees, I got the gnocchi, my sister got the Petite Filet.  The food took a long time to get to us (as my sister ordered her steak medium well).  She loved her steak, and it was well cooked.  I got the gnocchi.  The flavor was very good, but it was SEVERELY under-cooked.  I would have sent it back, if I wasn't starving.  I forced myself to eat the sticky gnocchi (at least it tasted decent), but was very disappointed by this serious misstep.

The cocktails and wine list still provide an excellent selection.  I had the Jack Rose, an Applejack, Lime, and House Grenadine cocktail, served chilled and up.  I really enjoyed the sweetness contrasted with Jack Rose.  My sister enjoyed her glass of wine.

Our main server was wonderful.  I overheard that she was formerly of Le Bec Fin, so no big surprise.
How to create the perfect uninspired storm.

1. Seat your guest 35 minutes late.
2. Find a way to fail at every dish you could serve your guest.
3. It's important that the first dish you bring is some sort of seafood, make sure that not only the taste and smell are off but that it's presented in a garbage like arrangement.
4. Make sure your wait staff has the ability to tell you that what you think is wrong is actually your unrefined taste.
5. When serving food in tapas style it's important that each dish stands out on its own. Try not seasoning your short ribs, maybe replacing your broccoli dish with three day old Chinese food or bath your crispy fish fillet in olive oil until the skin slides off.
6. Don't forget to serve cheap wine at high prices and for god sakes he's a mixologist not a bar tender.
7. If done just right you'll have excelled at creating a dining experience so bad that months later it's still remembered as the worst expensive meal your customers ever had.
Salty food and poor service. Sorry Stateside, you are on the decline.
Went to Stateside for dinner last night and it was a comedy of errors.  We sat down for dinner at 7:30.  Out of only four large plate offerings they were out of one.  Doesn't leave one much choice.  They should have had a back up replacement for the fourth entree, if they only offer four choices.  
Our server was a nice enough person, but didn't have a clue when it came to food service.  Served 3 of us a dozen oysters, no side plates.  Bison tartare with no crostini, toast points or bread.  When we asked for bread to go with our small plates, it came after we were done, took at least 15 mins.  Small wine list.  Asked for the pinot noir, they were out of pinot, etc, etc.  We had oysters, two small plates and two large plates and it took 3 hours.  Not that we were in a rush, but they were just not with it.
It was very apparent to me that this restaurant is all about what is convenient for them, not customer focused.  This is my second time here and same vibe.  It's all about them, not the customer.  There are plenty of other spots with good, plentiful food and wine, and much better service.  Number 1 best of Philly restaurant.  I don't think so.  The experience was laughable.
I am both updating and downgrading my original rating based on my inability to have another meal here! Chef Sabatino was most accommodating to my food allergies on our first visit and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. A few weeks later, on a whim, we decided to walk over to Stateside to have a drink and see if we could have a bite as well. I realized on our way over that the odds of me getting food were slim since we hadn't provided notice, but I figured nothing ventured nothing gained.

As I had feared, the menu was off-limits for me that night but the host said Chef Sabatino would help me out if I gave him advance notice in the future like I had before. We stayed for a drink and decided that night that we would attempt to dine there again on the following Sunday, so I promptly emailed the chef accordingly.

No response. On the day of I tried again, and still no response.

A week or two later, still craving the grilled shrimp and thinking perhaps the chef went on vacation, I tried emailing again. Still, no reply. Maybe I should call, but now I'm feeling like that desperate girl that the guy doesn't want to date anymore. Email worked before, why should a change in communication medium be necessary?

To this day I haven't heard back from Chef Sabatino since the original email exchange before our first meal. I am saddened to say that this is no longer a place I would recommend to a food-allergy-sufferer, and it's a real bummer because their food and drinks were really fantastic on the one occasion I was privileged enough to enjoy them.
It pains me to do this because in the past I have had so many great experiences here.  When George was chef I was consistently blown away by the food here!  Things seem to have changed since he left.  Our most recent meal was marred by inconsistent food and service.  
I hope this was simply an off night.  Everyone can have one from time to time.  But based on this last experience it will be awhile before I return.
Most unprofessional customer service experience Ive ever seen and Ive worked in food service for over 10 years. Whoever the man is that hosts inside on saturday nights has no right to his job with that behavior. 
The place used to be great, made friends with the bartenders the first time I went. Now, I may never go again.
It's such a shame that a bar with such nice atmosphere has terrible service. Every time I have visited stateside I have chosen to leave before even being served due to the attitude of the staff. We should have listened to the locals at the dinner we had beforehand about how unpleasant it is here. If they had a complete staff turnover they'd be able to turn things around.
It is sad that after being rated #1 in Phillymag, the chef left and the new chef has to meet high expectations. The food was good but not great. Nothing I ate there was a"wow". I did enjoy their chocolate mousse.

The service was good and the waitress was very attentive n sweet.  

If you are looking for just regular food then this would be your place.
I am very sad to report a three star experience at Stateside.  I have wanted to go to Stateside for at least 6 months, and finally, a group of 5 of us went a few Fridays ago for a birthday.  

We couldn't get in until 9:30, which was fine, we were excited to get in at all on relatively short notice.  We arrived and saw why.  The place is teeny tiny.  And adorable.  LOVE the space.  Brick wall, very dark, definitely my kind of atmosphere.  We were sat immediately and settled in.  

One of the people in our party had been pumped about the Bourbon menu.  He chose an unusual one, and was disappointed to hear that both his first and second choice were unavailable.  He chose something a little more standard, but felt a bit tricked by the long list of Bourbons that may not really exist.  

Because there were 5 of us, we chose many things to share and were able to taste about 80% of the menu... to be honest, I only remember a few things that we ordered (brussel sprouts, chef's board, scallops, steak tartar) because everything was just fine.  Nothing was GREAT, nothing was bad.  Everything was just OK.  But Stateside does not give OK portions, nor do they have OK prices, so their food needs to be much better than that for me to feel anything other than "OK" about the experience.  

One thing I will say, the chef's board was a terrible deal.  For $20+ it was 2-3 SMALL croquettes, a 1inch by 1inch block of cheese, and 2-3 other small items.  I would say it was barely enough for 2 people to each get a bite, much less a chef's board for the table.  Would definitely not get that again.
I often only write reviews when I feel like a place is amazing (or horrible), but I felt like Stateside was only mediocre. My spouse and I recently went there for a dinner date with a friend and her fiancee and weren't thrilled with the experience.

First, the food was delicious. A small, great menu that definitely satisfied -- we ordered a selection of plates and the chef's board, which wasn't quite enough to share between all of us. Regardless, we enjoyed everything we tasted. We didn't stay for dessert, but the selection of after dinner treats and drinks looked like a great topper to the meal.

Our issue was with the service. Stateside was very well-staffed for only having a dozen tables and a small bar. We arrived shortly after our friends, who had already been seated. We took our seats and looked through the drink menu -- when our server arrived, she dropped off their drinks and immediately walked away. No greeting, no drink orders. The bar was nearly empty, and there were only two other tables seated at the time.

It took another ten minutes to come back and take our drink order -- another long wait for our drinks. Finally, we ordered our dinner with the chef's board to share. They brought out our plates at odd times. We received a lone cold dish and waited twenty more minutes before our hot dishes came out. This seemed a little strange to us, since we didn't want to stagger our eating. We tried to order more drinks, but our server never bothered to ask when we had empty glasses.

We've been to small plate and tapas restaurants before -- Stateside just felt like a let-down because of the service. Would we go back? Likely not, with the number of other, similar restaurants in the city.
Cocktails are the best. 
Atmosphere is pretty great.
Service is ok, but there is nothing friendly or welcoming about anyone there.
Customer service is the worst.
Dinner at Stateside was the highlight of a stay-cation weekend in Philadelphia and became a frequent point of conversation/recent-past reminiscing for a good 48 hours after the actual dining occurred. My date and I discussed each aspect of our meal the way I think most romantics and/or perverts look back fondly on "that one really great time".

Standouts: pickled wax beans, pork belly (oh, god, that pork belly...), lobster salad and crispy cauliflower. Sure, you say, how can anyone screw up pork belly or lobster? Fair enough. Now tell me how often you see someone swoon over cauliflower and wax beans? Also, I consider myself the mayor of dirty martinis and mine was absolutely perfect. 

My date (who is both pickier and cuter than I) knocked off one star because they didn't change the plates and flatware between small courses. I was too busy trying to legalize pork belly marriage to take much notice.
I had the WORST experience here! It was so loud that we had to move from a table to the bar area (still really loud).  Then I ordered a vodka martini and they gave me a gin martini. After trying to get the bartender's attention for about ten minutes another very  rude bartender tried to convince me I was wrong. Really? Anyways - we left.  The manager was super sweet and paid for my friends drink (I didn't drink mine).  We went over to Sophia's instead and had a delightful meal.
I've debated reviewing Stateside for awhile now.  I left after having one of the best meals I've had in a really long time and simply didn't want to share my new (secret?) spot.  Obviously the cats out of the bag now but still a part of me wants to keep my ravings to myself.

But alas...my wife and I visited a month ago and arrived around 9:00.  The restaurant was packed but after a short 15 minute wait we snagged a spot at the bar.  There's probably seats for maybe 20 people at tables and another dozen at the bar.  So definitely plan on a wait or get there early.  They will take your name and number so you can cross the street for a drink or two if its too packed.  Good problems for them to have right?  

The atmosphere is great, the service was friendly, and I wish I could eat here every week.  We had the Smoked Trout Salad, Crispy Maple Glazed Pork Belly, and the Duck Sausage.  All were absolutely amazing, and as I said, one of the best meals I've had in recent memory.  We also sampled the VT blue cheese with smoked bacon caramel that was out of this world.   And the cocktails...fan-f'n-tastic.  

I'm heading back to Philadelphia this weekend and think I've talked (written is more like it) myself into visiting again.  Simply superb.
Grew up in that area. Glad to hear of all great restaurants up Passyunk Avenue and stateside being number one. We ran. Ok small plate place = small plates of okay food for same price as regular size meals at other great restaurants. Oysters were delicious yet ate one that had off smell and taste and I couldnt eat anymore oysters. Just mentioned it to waitress got a blank stare. Drinks were fun to try since they were olden day drinks that you only hear about. But would have enjoyed having full happy tummy for $ we spent from the  NUMBER 1best of phila.
Very cool place, good location, and contrary to some of the other reviews, very good service.

we started off with the chef's board and steak tartare app, as recommended by our server.  both were very good.  we then tried the scallops, beef cheek, and sausage.  i particularly enjoyed the beef cheek.

cocktail menu was extensive.  if you plan on drinking, it can get expensive as most cocktails are about $10.

all in all a great time and i look forward to returning.
First time coming last year: This place has amazing cocktails and great food with an impressive happy hour
Next time a few months after that: this place has great whiskey but could get the same whiskey but just not as expensive at other bars.  The food is subpar from what it used to be
Last time: This is our last time coming here - food is just not as creative or good as it was before and with so many new places opening around passyunk, we'd rather go somewhere that we can enjoy ourselves.  Side note: service pretty much made us definitively not want to go back.  Our waitress barely checked on us and I had to flag her down several times.  Happy hour is still a good deal if you want to try that out but I don't recommend staying for dinner
OK so we'd been wanted to checkout Stateside for a while, but we got the motivation after it won Best of Philly.  Going into it, we knew it wasn't the best move since it would likely be a madhouse, but we were able to get a res so we figured we'd give it a whirl.

So we were directed to our table via a 'point' which may be a modern twist at being taken over and having the chair pulled out for you... but that seems stuffy and formal, so I sat down, took off my coat, and took to the drink menu.

I had seen a drink- Gangsta's PEARadise, on their online menu that sounded delish!!!  It wasn't on their drink menu though, so we asked.  Turns out the online menu is out of date.  No offers to make the drink anyway, since they likely had everything on hand.  So we went for wine- a Cab Sav.  At $9/glass, it was a quasi-light pour... but ok....

Then we opened our menus.  They were out of the beets, which bummed me out, but they had a pickle plate to fill in for it.  Being a pickle-a-holic, I was stoked!  We coordinated our choices and then ordered.  We were going to start off with appetisers so we could think about our entree choices for a bit, but apparently this restaurant has rules, and you have to order everything together.  Maybe a modern twist on ordering?  I found the rigidity a bit confining, and frustrating.  For starters we had the cauliflower, and the pickled stuff, and for our entree my friend had the steak special, and i had the tagliatelli.

Cauliflower was to die for.  Every bite was different and delicious.  I had no idea that this basic basic vegetable could have so much potential!  The peanuts really took it to the next level.  I was enamoured.

Then came the pickles.  Couldn't even finish them.  Most of the pickled items were carrots, or what we deducted to be fennel.  There were sweeter pickles, peppered pickles, but none were particularly awesome.  The carrots were particularly icky.  I preferred the fennel the most... but even that was more hunger than anything.

Then came our entrees.  My friend said her steak was alright, but nothing she'd come running back for.  My tagliatelli was pretty awesome.  Very small portion though, which i know is what you get at this place, but for $11, i really would have loved just a few more bites.

We were planning on ordering desert, but were told we'd have to get our order in before we were done our entrees since the kitchen was closing... at 10p.  You think after you get Best of Philly, you take advantage of that and push for maybe an extra hour?  The place was still packed.  Modern dining?

We got dessert- decided to share the carrot cake with blue cheese frosting.  It sounded really interesting.  Intersting it was... the cake was delicious, but the blue cheese in the frosting was just too overpowering.  We ended up scraping it off, and just splitting the little piece of cake.

All in all, our experience at Stateside was consistent with what I'd expect of a place that just won Best of Philly.  The food was hit or miss, but if you hit... it was amazing.  The misses just didn't quite work the same way.  I'd like to give this Best of Philly some breathing room, then head back.  The drop-in little neighborhood gem that this restaurant used to be has had some attitudnal shifts... and I'd like to go back to my fond memories of a cute little spot with good booze and good food.
Since we are attempting to hit all of the Philly Mag top 50 restaurants, my boyfriend and I panicked a bit when we realized that Chef George Sabatino was leaving Stateside. Luckily, since I stalk Foobooz.com, I had a 30 day notice. Since this place is impossible to get a reservation as it is, we felt very lucky to find a 6 pm opening on Sunday, March 10th (the day before Sabatino's last). 
It was a beautiful day so the windows were open, which made the ambiance of the cozy (aka small) restaurant that much better. 
The menu at Stateside was very limited in the eyes of a former picky eater like myself, but I have become quite the foodie lately and have really expanded my horizons so I was excited. For cocktails I went with the Tennesee Sweetheart because it sounded fun, but my bf's classic Dark & Stormy was much tastier. We ordered the perfect amount of food: the cheese plate (best one was their house made ricotta), Baby Carrot & Kale Salad, Pan Seared Brussels Sprouts, Day Boat Scallops w/ cauliflower, Crispy Pork Belly, and a special pork dish that i can't remember the name of. Everything was great. There wasn't one thing I didn't like and none of these are foods that I would "normally" eat. We also had an amazing chocolate dessert. 

Also, the service was excellent. 

Overall, I think George Sabatino lived up to all the hype and Stateside is definitely a cool place that I can't wait to visit again. Looking forward to checking out the new chef (and seeing what Sabatino brings to Morgan's Pier).
I'm a Bourbon fanatic so Stateside is right up my alley...they even have Parker's Heritage (which is unheard of).  Small plates, so you can sample a bit of everything.  I reccomend the pork belly (in fact if you are anywhere that sells pork belly you need to order it).  

The service is phenomenal, not over intrusive and always right there when you need something.  We came around 5:00pm on a Friday and were surprised how empty it was.  There was a happy hour crowd but not too big.  

Give it a try, expect a high check, but if you love small plates and most importantly Bourbon, you will find Stateside is perfect for you as well.
Artistic Tapas + Local Beers + Good Company = Edible Art Dinner

Our server seemed distracted and off putting.

Flatbread Crab, Queso Fresco, Gooseberry - $13
- surprisingly amazing, flatbread to toppings ratio was great

Rabbit Terrine Foie Gras, Nectarine, Beet - $12
- interesting but too creamy, would benefit with some sort of house-made vegetable crisp to absorb the richness

Fluke Crudo Pineapple, Avocado, Yuzu - $11
- quite fishy, just ok

Pork Cheek BBQ, Bluefoot, Carrot - $15
Octopus Pork Belly, Salsa Verde, Hoisin - $17
Lamb Merguez, Sunchoke, Fava Bean - $18
- all the components worked well together creating a complex/satisfying flavor

Flat Iron Au Poivre, Potato Terrine, Shallot - $18
- who would have thought potato terrine could be sooo delicious and that a small shallot would be so wonderfully potent!
Stateside is one of the few restaurants I've eaten at where I felt refreshed and energized after the meal, instead of stuffed and wanting to take a nap.  There was little, if any, carbohydrates on the menu; the food is primarily vegetables with three larger meat dishes for the carnivores (plus a few smaller meat dishes).  Although it's not a vegetarian restaurant when I told our waitress that my girlfriend was vegetarian she said all the vegetable dishes (some have bacon, pancetta, etc.) could be altered for her needs.

In another restaurant the 'small plates' part of the menu would be appetizers but often times I have been in restaurants where I just wanted to make my dinner out of a collection of appetizer-sized dishes.  Here I can do that.  The vegetables were very fresh and clearly carefully prepared.  Everything was delicious.  My favorites were the chilled cucumber & yoghurt soup with lump crab salad.  I was going to take a picture of it but I snarfed it up so fast that most of it was gone before I got to it.  Also the crispy cauliflower, mentioned in other reviews, is a mildly addicting item.  I think a lot more kids would eat cauliflower if parents knew about this dish.  Another delicious item was corn & string beans with a little parmesan cheese.  Simple and really delicious.  Since it was early and the Saturday rush hadn't started, one of the chefs came out, Casey Watson, and chatted with us about the different food items and about the neighborhood in general.  The waitresses were very friendly but not over-solicitous (which is sometimes as annoying as bad service) so they struck just the right balance between letting us enjoy ourselves and making sure we were ok.

For desert my girlfriend and I both had the warm vanilla donut with blueberry puree and lemon curd.  Absurdely good and very light.  I can't wait to go back and I want to try everything else on the menu.
I follow the chef of Stateside on Instagram so I had to go and try what I've been drooling over for months!!  This place was GREAT.  Surprisingly, it was not crazy busy or expensive.  It got a little more crowded as the night went on but my mom, sister and I were able to walk in and get a seat at 7 pm on a Friday which is impressive for how good the food is.  When I looked at the menu I was tempted to question the combinations - grapes and cauliflower?? lemon rind and fried parmesan??  But after the first dish I decided I could trust the chef and enjoyed every part!  My only desire would be for them to add a chocolate dessert that DOESN'T have mint and bananas....But that's kind of a personal taste! :)  Definitely go here!!!
Hot buttered rye - Butter improves everything. Don't believe me? Next time you hear a crazy crying baby in an airplane, rub some warm butter on its big crying face. The baby will instantly shut up and you will be a hero. Bam - Baby improved by butter.
In a similar manner, rye is also improved by butter. What would otherwise be a downright fetid spirit is transformed by skillful preparation, heat, and butter. This drink is fucking delicious. It is perfect for a cold, rainy evening.

Stateside is now my favorite restaurant on Passyunk. It took me one visit and nothing has impressed me more in this area. Usually I associate Passyunk with miserable parking and people begging me to take them for a cheese steak. Now, I will associate it only with Stateside.

At first glance, you may think that Stateside is trying to be the next Village Whiskey. They've got old-timey type on their menu, rye, and a tantalizing choice of pickles as appetizers. However, that is where the similarities end. Stateside has its own well-defined identity and I applaud their creativity. Here are a few of the other things I've managed to consume:

Sunchoke and leek soup - Very good. This is thick and hearty with nice chunks of lobster in it.
salt roasted beets - excellent. 
maple glazed pork belly - This is excellent and it comes with a side of fried grits that perfectly complements the dish. I'm serious about pork belly in Philly and this has got to be amongst the best.
Shaved Vegetable Salad - This has toasted chickpeas in it, which is pretty cool. This is a good dish, although it did not impress me as the others.

As far as dessert goes, there is a caveat - these things are tiny as hell. If you're going to do dessert here, get a dessert per person. Even though they are small, they pack a great, big punch.
Smoked Chocolate Tart - Awesome. It is like Bruce Lee was resurrected by a mad necromancer at his full strength and he kicked you in the mouth with a foot made of s'more.
Ice Cream Sandwich - Awesome. This dessert is painfully unique. I've made this review too long already to go into it. Just get it.

on the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, Stateside is Shoot 'Em Up but Clive Owen has been replaced by a CG The Predator, who is on fire throughout the entire film.
I was very impressed with Stateside!  We started off strong with 8 oysters in a delicious pomegranate mingnionette (during happy hour they're only $1 each!!!) and the pickled cucumbers & celery root.  We then had the foie gras and butternut squash mousse, which was truly outstanding.  The housemade goat cheese could have used a touch of salt and the brussel sprouts were good, but not particularly exciting (I still maintain that Sampan has the best brussels in the city).  We also got the vegetable salad and beef cheek--both of which were very good.  The only big disappointment of the night was the donut for dessert.  It could have been greatly improved with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and the candied bacon felt very gimmick-y.

Overall, we will certainly be back.  Happy hour is a great deal with half-priced drafts and $1 oysters.  It's a cozy, intimiate environment and a great addition to the Passyunk neighborhood!
Went last Saturday with a party of 4 for drinks around 11pm. Place was relatively crowded (not packed) and there was virtually no wait staff on the floor. We stayed for 20-30 mins and were never once approached by anyone. We ordered a beer, two Old Fashions, and one Gin Tonic from the bar - I honestly don't think there was any liquor in any of the drinks - the G&T tasted like sprite and the Old Fashions tasted like sugar/bitters. I'm hardly a cocktail snob, but c'mon, it's easy to detect liquor in an Old Fashioned or Gin Tonic. 

My friend ordered another Old Fashioned, mentioning the last one was weak to the bartender, and watched him make it up with no alcohol. We promptly left (had already paid for the drinks we did consume at the bar). Maybe it was "Zero-Fcks-Given Night" at Stateside and we didn't see the sign, but it was disheartening, especially since there are cheaper/more attentive bars within a 2-block radius. 

Have been there multiple times before and always thought highly of them - but this really stood out as a totally apathetic experience on the part of Stateside. Worst part is, this was the first time for two members of our group - i highly doubt they'll ever be back, even tho I'll give Stateside the benefit of the doubt in that it was an off-night.
Truly outstanding meal.
I was visiting a friend in Philly for the weekend and after a gorgeous (55 degrees in January) day in the city, we decided to try out Stateside for dinner. My friend, a fellow foodie and food blogger, had been hearing rave reviews and seeing food porn-esque photos all over Instagram so we succumbed to the lure of Stateside.

And I'm so glad we did. The small plates menu is simply epic. The beer and wine list is perfectly adequate (draft brews list = niiice!). Whiskey and bourbon selection is impressive. And the service is remarkable-- especially commendable for a fairly new restaurant. I overheard the waitress saying they've only been open for two months!

We started with some funky sour cherry beers and a plate of Bayley Hazen bleu cheese with salted bacon caramel. @#$%%$#$. Goooorgeous flavor medley. 

In addition to the bleu cheese, we opted to share several selections from the small plate offerings. And, it's safe to say, we made all of the right choices. But I think it's hard to go wrong here.

Read 'em and drool:

-Foie Gras & butternut squash mousse, spread on baguette slices with blood orange gelee and parsley.
-Housemade duck sausage with sweet potato, sour cherry mustard, and frisee salad
-(nightly special) charred octopus with blood orange and fingerling potatoes. This was our least favorite of the small plates, because it didn't have a ton of flavor

The star of the night: Crispy maple glazed pork belly with fried nora mills grits, gala apples, and spiced cider jus...YOWZA!!

The entire bill rang up less than $70....with 5 small plates (which were still generous in size) and two beers, that ain't so bad!
Sat on a barstool outside for 20 minutes without being served. The restaurant was mostly empty with only the bar full. Bartenders ignored us for the first 10 minutes and then handed us a menu and walked away. We quickly decided what we wanted  and folded the menus to show we were ready. Still no order. Eventually a bartender tried to serve us a drink we hadn't ordered and we politely reminded him we had not ordered yet. Gave them another 5 minutes of walking by us and awkward eye contact before walking away. I live in the neighborhood and had never tried Stateside- I doubt I will be back.
I was excited to share Stateside with out of town guests last night. I noticed the place wasn't packed which surprised me on a Friday night. After being seated, I realized that the menu was new. The waitress explained that there was a new chef and the current menu was 1/2 of what it eventually will be. There were about 10 items on the menu. The waitress said the items were meant to be shared and with a group of 4, we would each get a bite. She wasn't kidding. The portions were so small that we each had only 1 bite of each item. The flavor was good and presentations were nice, but the portions were just too small for the price. Our favorites were the brown butter tagliatelle and the rabbit risotto - we just wanted more. We're no strangers to shared plates or haute cuisine, but the small portion sizes were a but out of hand. I would also like to see a little more creativity like we saw from chef Sabatino. The biggest disappointment was dessert. We ordered the Chocolate 3 Ways. This was a simple mouse, a small nub of ganache and a drizzle of chocolate sauce. We left hungry and stopped for a slice of pizza down the block.

We were lucky enough to enjoy Stateside before chef Sabatino left. Our first experience was 5 star worthy. I hope the new chef steps it up!
This was the most overpriced mediocre food I've ever had.
The heirloom tomato was simply not made with a good, flavorful tomato, it was watery and tasteless. The beef cheek was okay, the cheeses were okay (we only really liked one), the flatbread was okay, everything else was okay too but there was no dish I would order again.

The service was friendly and the interior is nice but at night it's pretty chilly inside due to the open doors/windows from the bar. I wouldn't come back
We had a good meal last night at Stateside, but I had had higher hopes that the food was going to come through in a bigger way. 

Vegetable Carbonara - was unique and very good. More like a shredded root vegetable salad with a creamy dressing with pancetta. Probably the best dish I had. 

Pork Belly - good, but definitely not great. I ordered it after the good mentions here, but was a little disappointed. Usually I expect pork belly to be closer to a smokey bacon flavor rather than roasted pork and this was not the case. I certainly enjoyed it, but it didn't deliver to me what I thought it could have. 

Duck leg confit - again, definitely good, but I felt it was just shy of being great. 

The one dish that others at dinner raved about was the scallops. 

Really interesting and unique cocktails and one of the longest bourbon lists I've seen (and definitely the longest list of ryes that I have ever seen), but I was a bit put off by how many of the bourbons and ryes were $15+ for a 2oz pour.
Visited Stateside a while back when they first opened, but my husband and I decided to stop by again to get a few drinks and some cheese before we headed out for dinner reservations on a Tuesday night.

Upon arrival around 530 pm, we were glad to see there were plenty of seats at the bar, inside tables, and outside tables.  We took two seats at the bar.  The bartender was very gracious in giving me a sample taste of the pumpkin beer on tap (I'm sorta particular about my pumpkin beers).  It wasn't for me, so I went with the Ommegang Witte.  My husband went with an IPA bottle.  The beer list is awesome here- definitely some interesting beers both on tap and in bottles.

I love the cheese plates here so despite our dinner reservation later in the night, I had to hit dat cheeeeeeeese.  We did the 3 selections for $13- a blue cheese with honey, a hard parmesan-type with fennel, and a soft brie-type cheese with pecan brittle.  Yum yum yum!

The location itself is pretty awesome.  And I'm not saying that because its a 5 minute walk from my abode.  It is located right on Passyunk Square- perfect for people (and dog) watching.  And with those huge windows- its great!

So why did it lose a star?  I feel like this place has a teeeeeeeeensy bit too much attitude.  Why?  
1) There is a note that says $15 food minimum per person during dinner service.  If you don't want people to come and drink, then don't build a bar that takes up half the space!  And don't offer such awesome beers!  

2) They have a happy hour that is totally not advertised!  No signs outside, no signs on the bar, not mentioned on the website, not mentioned by the bartenders.  Are we at a 1920s speakeasy? Do I need a password to be informed of the specials?  My husband probably would have gotten a draft if he knew it was half price.

3) As we finished our beers, the hostess asked us to shift seats at the bar so two more patrons could sit down.  Now I totally get that the "empty seat between strangers" is annoying to restaurants, but I thought it was strange because there were plenty of seats at empty tables.  Maybe the patrons really wanted to sit at the bar?  I don't know- but it struck me as odd.  

Next time we are craving some beers and cheese, we will make sure to get there between 5 and 7 and take advantage of happy hour specials!
flawless from beginning to end. we went to celebrate my bday on friday night. i have been hearing how awesome this place is and it had only been open one day shy of 3 weeks. good wine selections. all fancy beers. theres a great focus on the liquors and cocktails. the service is knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. the decor is very cozy. dimly lit and sexy. brick and exposed duct work. but lets just get to the food, shall we? holy hell. we started with the potted rabbit. then the beef cheeks. rabbit was good, but the beef cheeks? im still thinking about. like butta. then we had the scallop dish and skate wing. every bite was a surprise of yum. great flavors and presentation. theses are small plates. my boo has an endless pit for a stomach. when we had the first plate he says"you realize i'm going to have to get a cheese steak after we leave here". but after dinner was done he was perfectly satisfied. we did partake in dessert of course. he had an apple stuffed doughnut. it had bacon on it! he loved it. i had some pear thing that was out of this world. the only problem i had was no coffee. i kinda need it to finish dinner. but i was told they just dont have the coffee set up yet. so next time.its ok stateside, i aint mad at ya. we couldnt have picked a better place. super impressed with this spot. again, passyunk steppin it up. fab spot without the crazy center city prices.
I loved everything about Stateside.

Obviously, the food was delicious. My boyfriend and I ordered five plates, I think? (Hard to remember as there was copious drinking involved - also delicious) His favorite was definitely the pork belly, and mine was the scallops. The brussel sprouts were also yummy. Then we ordered dessert, too! I was full when we left, but I think he could have eaten more. Prepare to spend at least $100 if you want to eat and drink well.

Before I went, I was reading Yelp reviews and there were a lot about poor service or unfriendly staff, but I didn't experience that at all. Our server was very welcoming and prompt. Maybe people aren't used to tapas and the idea of staggering plates??

It IS somewhat of a close-quarters space, which I enjoy but I know my mother would hate. The ceilings are high, but the tables are close together. For me, it was a hip ambience.
Fantastic night with dad and dad-in-law.  I highly recommend a flight of whiskeys for tasting.  The bartenders were fun and knowledgeable, but I'd have to say the pork belly dish stole the night! Fantastic and perfect to pair with endless libations!
Judging by the amount of people dining at Stateside on a Wednesday evening, people already know that the food is awesome.  With that in mind, I'll just relay my experience.

I popped in here to meet up with a friend after taking a run.  Fortunately she arrived slightly earlier than me and snagged the last available table in the corner.  The bar seats and all the tables were full.  Being this was my first time at this restaurant, I was a little shocked at how many people were there.

We started with the cheese plate which had three types on it.  One was exotic, one was a little adventurous and one was an aged cheddar.  The presentation was beautiful and the selections really opened us up for the remaining food.

The pickled carrots with ginger and cumin were a fun pick because well, I don't order them much and I felt like some funky flavors.  The salt roasted beets, also with lovely presentation were cooked to perfection.  The real star of the show was the maple glazed pork belly.  It was in a bowl with some cider and beautifully cheese grits.  I mean, holy hell did it rock my world.

Service was excellent and the design of this place is fun.  Lots of raw but well seated details and shiny surfaces.  It was a touch loud due to the open ceiling but that seems to be a restaurant trend.  It's definitely worth coming back here I just need to figure out when it's not packed.
Very disappointing. Had to put down a 50.00 hold for a reservation. Only to have the hostess call my cell after we left to say we were no shows. Mixed drink was awful.
I've heard and read a lot about Stateside. Needless to say, I was pretty excited that we snagged reservations on a Friday night with a group of friends. The inside was casual and cozy which was perfect on a cold winter night.

What we ordered...
The Chef's plate. YUM. This came with one of their pickled items (carrots and celery), pork rillettes with kale, and some sort of amazing soft cheese that I've been dreaming about for days.I obviously enjoyed this. And the most amazing part was that they actually gave us enough bread. In addition we had the steak tartare with an egg and truffled sauce which was out of this world, brussel sprouts with tiny mushrooms and a lardo sauce(wow) and the crispy pork belly. Honestly, the only thing I didn't think of great was the pork belly. It was a tiny bit dry and hard to cut. I love pork belly and this was tasty but it wasn't great. 

Food aside, the service was good. Their liquors are all local so that was a bit difficult to choose from but thankfully the waitress helped me out and I was happy with my vodka choice. 

All in all I thought it was very good and I am looking forward to my next visit.
Stateside a fun place for outside dining but menu clearly inventive and new age.  If you want a simple easy dinner, this is not your place.  This is for the foodie in everyone that wants to try a new and exciting expereince.  The food portions are small plate.  The service was good.  The menu eclectic this appeals to only a small portion of people.  While we were here at least 8 people read the menu and opted against it... perhaps the bone marrow? something turned them away.  The 2013 best restaurant award was purchased... definitely better out there.  Come warned and enjoy but leave hungry and poor.
We had a delicious time at stateside. We arrived at happy hour and were served perfect whiskey drinks. We shared a cheese board that was presented with ample sized pieces of cheese, honey, apple butter The thin sliced baguette was super fresh and actually notable.   The happy hour menu boasts dollar oysters that were super fresh and delicious. I also had the broiled oysters that were reminiscent of New Orleans. I would go back to Stateside just to have more of those delicious gems. Our server was upbeat and speedy with our drink refills. The menu at stateside is more of a bar snacks small plates menu with no real entres but the food they serve is top notch. I'm looking forward to going back and can't wait to try more things on the menu. This bar is charming and pretty cool and that doesn't need to try to hard because it just is really good at what it is.
Made our way to Stateside during the snow storm. I've been meaning to get around to this cute little corner spot. The service was extremely friendly and laid back. The server was nice enough to get us started the second we sat down to make the ending of the Happy Hour Specials. ($5 house wines, old fashions) next time I'll have to try the food out. Everywhere kept mentioning the $1 oysters and some other specials. 

Can't wait to get back there in the warm weather. Large windows open up with "swim up bar out door seating" not sure any other spot in Philly has any concept even close to that? Great vibes and service.
Walked in, was turned away because they weren't sitting people for expensive drinks and possible food orders. Only for reservations. No problem. Lots of other places to go in this neighborhood. We will make it a point to not try this hole again. Hadn't been in a long time but wasn't blown away then either so... I guess this seals it.
New chef new menu...shrimp dumplings were excellent, plentiful and just a touch of heat...risotto was good, old fashioned excellent, wife had a mushroom ravioli style pasta in a cream sauce that she loved.  There were several new items on the new menu that will bring me back(shrimp dumplings too!)
This is my first five-star review in quite a while!  We came here for my birthday happy hour, and happy is an understatement.  I love oysters, and I love them even more at $1 a piece with an amazing Frank's Red Hot mignonette.  To top it off, they were from Bain Island, which are just amazingly briny and nice in size.  We ate thirty of the little suckers over the course of happy hour!

Now that I'm done rambling on about the oysters, I must compliment the wonderful bartender who took care of us all night.  She was attentive, fun, and made great drinks.  After our oysters, we moved on to the steak tartar and the pork belly.  Both were fantasic and the Saison I was drinking went beautifully with smoky/sweet pork.  

There's something to be said for the atmosphere and ambiance here.  I liked the concrete bar with all the iron fixtures.  The sweeping, open windows behind the bar bring the busy square and the fountain sounds right into the restaurant, which I really liked.  At normal prices, this would be four stars, but they have a great happy hour and a great little selection of craft beers on tap.
Went with higher expectations on drinks vs food. Grapes of wrath was bland, The brown derby and sazeraac were excellent. I also got the one with gin and ginger that I think was mostly ginger wth some gin, etc splashed in eg not great. Service was slow. Small plates are very small despite the price. The tortellini was $14 for 3 pieces of tortellini (plus lobster). Any who might stop back for a brown derby, but not for food.
I had the best service at Stateside. My wife and kids got some hot dogs from Primal Meats across the street and couldn't find a seat at the fountain so we figured we'd get a drink at Stateside if they let us eat our hot dogs there. I wouldn't have been shocked if they said no, but they were totally welcoming. They even brought out water for my kids and dog! My wife and I just had one drink each but they were really cool. Thanks!
I get it... Tapas, cool. 

And the name, stateside = all America stuff, neat. 
Man up, serve scotch & Real plates.
Silly specialty drinks. 

What I ate wasn't that good anyway.
Chef Geno Betz is very talented young chef. 
If you have not tried his cuisine, I highly recommend a trip.

Cocktails are spot on with great balance. Their selection of whiskeys and bourbons is a plus.
If you're into small plates and fancy cocktails, this is the place for you. I, unfortunately, am not.

I gotta give Stateside credit: the food was exceptionally good. Really interesting and well-executed combinations of flavors (though not much for the vegetarians out there). My palate was completely satisfied. My stomach, however, was not. It's kind of a deal breaker for me to spend this much money on a meal and feel hungry less than an hour later. Stateside was a nice experience to have once, but I won't be seeking it out again.
Great food and great service.  Came in for dinner on a Saturday at around 7pm.  The place was pretty empty so we got seated pretty quickly.  They also have outdoor tables and an outdoor walk-up bar.  

For drinks, I had a moscow mule which was pretty refreshing although it seemed to have a bit too much ginger beer.  I also had the chilled yogurt-cucumber soup with crab which was really good except for the fact that it had little clear jello pieces in it.  I'm not sure what the point of that was as it didn't add anything, nor did it have a taste.  I also had the pork belly with a cabbage slaw which was amazing as was the beef tartar with a quail egg, which came with a crispy, buttery, baguette slices.  For dessert I had the vanilla spiced doughnut with a blueberry jam filling which was really great.  I tried my friend's chocolate sout pannna cotta which was good too- tasted like chocolate milk.  It actually looked like chocolate milk as it came in a short glass and had a foamy top.  The description also said peanut butter caramel, but I didn't taste any of that.

I will definitely be back to try their other tapas items and to try their great selection of whiskey.
How do you rate a place that says, "no thanks, we're too good for your money?".

The good: on my one and only visit, the food was great and the drinks list was interesting.

The problem, when I tried to visit again: on a perfect summer Friday night, at around 8:30pm, every single one of their outdoor tables was empty, so we stopped by and asked to sit outside for drinks. We were told that the outside tables were reserved for dinner only, but come back at 10pm and they'd open up for drinks. We might have been able to squeeze in at the bar, but it was ridiculously noisy - and why sit inside on the perfect summer night? For various reasons (forgotten phones, etc) we ended up walking by Stateside a couple of times after that and the outdoor tables remained empty.

Around 10:20pm, we thought we'd try again. First, the waitress didn't believe that we'd been told that drinks were allowed outside after 10pm. Finally I remembered the specific guy who told us and she disappears into the back - where my companion is waiting to use the restroom - and the waitress loudly bitches to other staff that people are trying to have drinks only at the outdoor tables. Once again, not a single table outside is occupied. She comes back and tells me that we could sit outside after 11pm.

I'm bummed to have to rate Stateside so low - the first time I went, the food and drink were great, I would have kept going back, but when a restaurant tells me that it can't seat me even though it has 5+ empty tables that remain unoccupied for the next 2 hours, I just can't give them my business. Basically, I said, "Hey, I'd like to give you money to sit at your table" and they said, "Yeah, no thanks."
A few of us were walking by and decided to stop in for a drink and maybe an appetizer on a Monday night.  

When we got inside it wasn't busy or crowed and we were greeted by the bartender who seemed more annoyed we were there than anything.  We asked about the difference between two bourbons and which one would suit us better.  His only response was I like it better.  I assume he didn't have much knowledge about the bourbon he was serving. 
 
Here's the reason why I'm giving Stateside one star.  We watched the bartender wipe his sweaty head and beard with a towel that he carried around his sweaty neck.  After wiping his head, beard and some of his neck he would use the same towel to polish the glasses after they were cleaned.  Just plain nasty and unsanitary!   

Not going back and could barly finish my drink.
Came by for a drink last night and asked to sit outside.  "I'm sorry sir, the outside (all empty tables) are reserved for dinner guests."  "Um, I'll get up if someone wants to eat, but all of the tables are empty."  "I'm sorry sir, but those tables are reserved for dinner guests."
Despite the hostess' refusal, we decided to stay and drink at the bar.  Thankfully, the bartender opened the huge windows and let the night air in.  Nice place to sit.  Good bartender.  Interesting beer selection.  Everything is domestic in the extensive Whisky selection (except the Whistle Pig, which is still made in Canada).
I think I will give it another shot and try some of the food, despite the fact that a lot of people came in wearing fedoras (ironically, I guess).
The food is delicious, and it's all tapas and small plates. I knew that going in but I was surprised at exactly how small a small plate is here.  We ordered their Chef's Board and I was very let down with what we received for $25. 

Very very impressive bourbon list. 

We had a 5 o'clock reservation and when we walk in at 4:55 they tell us that they weren't open yet and to come back in a few minutes. Mind you it's 35 degrees outside and my fiance has a cold.  Then when we do get back in there drink service is a crawl.  Slow service and not a good start.  

Glad I tried it but I won't be back.
I'm a visiting New Yorker who comes to Philadelphia about once or twice a month,  and this was the best meal I've had in recent memory. Everything was so lovely that I wished I'd photographed each plate. I woke the next morning wishing I could go back that evening. 

We had:
The Chef's board- While this can be prepared vegetarian, it is a meat lover's dream. Flavorful duck terrine with peanuts crumbled atop to provide just the right amount of crunch, the smoked capon sausage was earthy and had a delightful texture (served cold), and the pork rilletes delicious wrapped in bib lettuce leaves. I was in love with the pickled vegetables; waxy yellow beans, beets, caulliflower and carrots. My only complaint was that there weren't more.

The Steak tartare- This was my least favorite item, but I think this was just a matter of preference in an otherwise perfect dining experience. I am not a huge lover of hazelnuts, but the quail egg was fresh, and the flavor of the meat was good, if not great. The toasts served alongside were so yummy, toasted to crunchy perfection. If you love tartare, try it, but there are so many other all stars on the menu...

Chilled Golden Beet Soup- I loved this soup. Perfect for summer, each bite introduced a new flavorful surprise, now a sliver of fresh orange, now the tangy taste of horseradish cream, or a flake of smoked trout. Really complex flavors executed in such a simple, no frills way. I wish it would always be on the menu, but this dish will likely cycle off after the dog days of summer. Sigh.

The Pork Belly- Everyone has pork belly on the menu, and I feel obligated to order it all of the time, but so rarely does it live up to what I hope it will be. This was crispy smoky perfection, with just the right amount of sweet. I think my favorite part was the hint of mustard and the house-made cabbage slaw in balance with the buttery fat of the pork and the sweetness of the honey ginger glaze. Don't skip this.

Day Boat Scallops- Last but certainly not least. My favorite thing we This was the best scallop I can ever recall having. It was cooked perfectly... Seared with butter, it was decadent, and each side had the perfect sear (could it be the marrow butter?) I was certain it had been done with a flambe torch, but our waitress assured us-- just eloquent timing, a good pan, and butter! I loved the corn relish, with jersey corn. So seasonal and perfect for this time of year.

Cocktails- I had the Fish House Punch (Blackheart Rum, Brandy, Pomegranate Tea, Lemon Ginger, Peach Bitters) and it was light and refreshing, but the food was so fantastic, I wish I had stuck to wine or beer pairings, and saved the complex cocktail for after. They have a great selection of California wines by the glass, but don't expect anything not produced in the US. 

Service & Ambiance- Both of these things suited my taste. The service was not overly fussy, but was careful and attentive. Our server was very knowledgeable, and willing to share information. It's a romantic space, with a hip feel, and a cool open wood bar. It did get a bit loud towards the end of our meal, so if noisy bothers you, I might visit on a weekday night.

We didn't have a reservation and my party of 2 was seated on a Friday evening around 8pm with no wait, but I'm sure this place will soon build a reputation, particularly as chef George Sabatino just won the Ommegang HopChef title. I might call first to see if a table can be held! Do yourself a favor and go!
The owners of Green Eggs have once again hit a homerun. Stateside is a great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and is my favorite restaurant of the moment. The Passayunk Square/Italian Market area was in need of something like this...a casual, yet refined restaurant with a decent whisky and craft beer selection, amazing cocktails and quality dishes reminiscent of higher-end establishments, all served by an extremely polite and attentive staff. For the quality and presentation of the food, prices are pretty reasonable, too. Here are the must-try items, which are all Ahhhhh-mazing!!
-Hot buttery rye- this is THE PERFECT winter cocktail
-Pork belly
-Fois gras
-Sunchoke soup with lobster
-Beef cheek
-Broccolini
-Scallops
If there's anything they could improve on, it's the desserts and happy hour.
The desserts aren't bad, but they could use a little oomph.The happy hour features oysters, and although I've tried to like oysters throughout the years, it seems I am just physically unable to like them. I wish they would feature some other snacks for the non-oyster eaters.
After walking around the South Philly to see the impressive holiday lights, we did a quick check on OpenTable for available reservations nearby. When we saw Stateside was open, we snagged it, gleeful after having heard rave reviews. Once we were sitting down, I checked Yelp...only 3.5 stars as evidently management has changed over a couple times since the original excitement about Stateside. And that is why you check Yelp BEFORE you sit down. 

But since we were seated, we had committed to staying. Our server recommended 2 little dishes and a big dish per person, but we opted for 1 little and 1 big each and were completely full. The seafood dishes were just OK...the Scallops were camouflaged to look like the accompanying gnocchi, but we estimated we only got 4 skinny, oversalted scallops in the dish. The Branzino was definitely overcooked, including the skin that was beyond crispy. The Octopus was decent, although a little chewy. My favorite dish of the night, the only non-seafood dish we tried, was Foie Gras Mousse, which had a nice balance of flavors and textures.
Stateside recently was awarded the number one spot in Philadelphia Magazine's Top 50 Restaurants ranking, and we  made reservations over a month in advance to see what the buzz was about. All I can tell you is what a complete and total disappointment. Out of curiosity, I had gone on their website the day of our reservation which was 3/16/13, to look over the menu. It looked promising. They made themselves out to be a whisky bar with an impressive selection of bourbon and rye, which they have. The first disappointment came when I asked the bartender for a recommendation, and he told me he had only had first hand knowledge of a few of what they carried. He did make a recommendation, and it was good, but one would expect a little more expertise in the area they are touting. When the rest of our party showed up, we sat down, and were given a 4" x 10" single sheet of paper with a total of maybe 8 items on it. We asked where was the menu we saw online, and were told that the chef had left, and they had a new chef, and this was his menu. We were also told that they were tapas sized to be shared.  We placed a drink order, and since had a party of 5 we ordered everything on the menu except for the soup. We even doubled up on the duck, and oysters. What was sent out was the most ludicrously tiny portions I had ever seen. The aforementioned duck ($15.00) was approximately one quarter of one half of a duck breast, for a total of three minuscule slices. The beet dish was even more laughable at $9.00. It was literally one half of a radish sized beet in an oversized bowl. After 20 minuets and no drinks, I looked over and saw that the bar had exactly 3 people sitting there and two bartenders. We grabbed our waitress, and asked about our drinks, and her reply was that it was up to the bartenders. No apology, no "let me check on that" just some smug comment that set me on edge. The food, what little of it there was, was good, but what a complete and total rip off. Between our bar tab and food we were over $320.00 into this meal and all felt robbed. When asked, some of our table neighbors shared the same opinion. One even said this place sucks. I walked over to our waitress and asked if an owner or manager was in. She said no owner, but the manager was there. I asked to speak with him, and she just stared at me with a deer in the headlights look, and then stated, without even checking, that he was busy. I asked "too busy to speak with a customer" and was told yes. I walked back to my table really pissed off, when all of the sudden one of the bartenders appears and claims to be the manager. When we told him about our experience, he said there was nothing he could do since we had already paid. He just threw his business card on the table and said to call him next time we come in. What a fool. Did he really think there would ever be a next time?
We were all still so hungry that we walked down the street to Birra, and had an order of mussels, and two pizzas. Our bill there was $50.00 with drinks. The owner sat and talked with us, and what a difference. He was a guy that cared about his customers, and what they thought!  
I am not one to complain, but I feel it is my responsibility to let others know what is going on at Stateside. Avoid it!!!
My wife and I came here after seeing Stateside featured on an episode of Bourdain's The Layover. After ordering our entrees a waitress brought out a sample of a fish tartare that was absolutely incredible. The best part was that we didn't even order it. The seared duck breast was out of this world, as was the '72 Triumph from the bar. We're pretty stingy with five star ratings, but we were both in agreement that Stateside is the cream of the crop for the Passyunk Square neighborhood and probably one of the stand out local establishments in Philadelphia.
This is one of my favorite places that I've gone to but today I had the worst customer service. The place was half empty, and the person seating not only decides to tell us to stand outside (which I had to tell him there was no seating or place to stand), but then he decides to tell me off and say "goodbye" and close the door on me like I'm an inconvenience to him. 

As I said, quality wise, this place is near 4-5 stars in my book, but the guy that was both manager and host was unnecessarily rude. If the place is even a modicum busy, don't come. He might do the same to you.
I wish I could give Stateside 5 stars, but can not any longer.  The female bartender the past few visits I have been there, I hate to say it, has been atrocious. Her bar is a mess with dirty service items sitting all over the place, spills everywhere on the bar and she acts like she can not be bothered by you, the paying customer. We sat at the bar and no one paid us any attention for a very long time. They forgot our drinks. They were served warm. After having an appetizer at the bar, the empty cutlery and plates sat there for at least 15 minutes. I ended up pushing them away from me so I would not have to stare at them any longer.  Time to tighten up the bar staff, Stateside.
Oh man. This place is going to get a second visit from me because I only got to try 3 dishes the first time. Each was amazing. As was the drinks.

But let me back up. 

I live in the neighborhood and I've been watching them fix up this place for months. Then like magic one day it was done and open. When did that happen? I was down the street at B2 buying this awesome photograph (thanks again Leigh Metzler!) and as I was walking to my car I thought "hey, lets try the new place, much better than the Rice Chex I have at home!". 

I walked in, sat at the bar and started looking over the drink menu. I love a good cocktail and I was happy to learn that the bartender serving me had invented many of the drinks on the menu herself. After discussing what I liked, we decided on the Clover Club. I ended up drinking 3 of them before I left. It was an a really well mixed and balanced drink. I was happy there.

So I got the food menu and started looking. I was eating at the bar so I can't comment on wait service but the bartender knew the menu really well and explained the dishes I asked about in as much detail as I could pester her for. I was impressed.

I ended up wanting a bunch of the items but ended up with the Charred Broccolini which was super tasty though not for vegetarians since it has the wonderful home cured bacon mixed in. Then came the House Made Duck Sausage. This was amazing. Apparently there is a 2 day process in making this and it requires all these steps to complete it. I was explained them by the bartender but I all I remember now is that they sat in duck fat for a while to keep the juices in. It really was juicy and tasty and the mustard was a perfect complement to it (although there wasn't enough). Last up was the Steak Tartare. This was the best place of the evening for me. Simple and perfectly made.

Next time I'm going to sit at a table and try the Brussel Sprouts and Skate Wing and maybe the littleneck Clams.. yummy!
I don't know how this was rated the top restaurant in Philadelphia for 2013 by Philly Mag.  There are definitely better places to eat in this city.  Food was mediocre.  Service was slow and pretty poor.  Timing was off with everything.  Lack of attention.  Poor execution.  Nothing innovative on the menu.  Ok for a relaxed neighborhood dinner that you stumble upon but hardly up there as a showcase of what Philadelphia has to offer.  Good selection of whiskey- looks as though that is what they have focused on.  Butter and salt occupy most of the flavor on the very small menu.  Unimpressed.
Ok, has anyone tried the new menu? I wanted to try Stateside for a loooong time and finally got around to it. The spot is very intimate and cozy, in fact they could definately add 3-4 extra tables and make more room for the people lining up at the door... Happy hour wine is pretty good, bread is fine, but... the rest? OMG, I've never had such a flavorless pate. Spam is BETTER. On top, it is served with 2 tiny pieces of toast( we are talking 2 half slices, TWO by TWO inch!). You are forced to ask for extra and pay for it. The foie gras is OK, but again , no bread to spread it on, just some miniscule beignets, as small as yout thumb nails. Seriously?!? Our server did a good job, so no complaints there, just the food. The entrees came with no starch, just a few bites of something. I mean, I understand the concept of small plates, but you are charging for a FULL price entree, damn it! The highlight of our evening was the foie gras dessert, not sweet at all and you could definately taste the foie. I thought that was exceptional and very creative. Compliments on that one for sure! But the pate...please add some seasoning( salt, pepper, herbs, nuts etc would be nice). I may revisit, just order something else. And...if you really want a GOOD pate or foie gras, go to Zinc, or Morimoto...
My fave place for cocktails in Philly; especially when there are seats available outside. Good quality and service
I visited Stateside for a happy hour date with my girlfriends on a Wednesday night. Everything about it was almost great. Like.. so close. Almost.

I sat down at the bar and started in on my beer before my friends showed up. Draft list was small but everything seemed high quality and seasonal. I enjoyed staring out the window at frozen South Philadelphians impatiently waiting for their dogs to piss on the steaming sidewalk so they could scramble back indoors. When I'm alone, I like to chat with the bartender, and as an ex-member of the service industry, I appreciate a little effort on the part of the person behind the counter. However, our chatter was... ok. Almost.

My girlfriends came and now, with half a beer in my system and left without chatter, I was starving. The girls ordered drinks and I immediately asked for a couple of the menu specials and some oysters. Oysters were great, duck pate & cornichons were tasty but a little dry (and came with half as much crostini as the dish required), and the salt cod & potato fritters were somehow lacking the fabulous salty cod-ness I was craving. Still mostly good... almost.  

The music was great, the price was right... but it was really cold and too dark. Everything I liked about this place was somehow tempered by something that didn't quite work. I won't say I didn't enjoy my time at Stateside, but in a city with lots of options, I feel I can afford to hold out for the tried & true places that do excellent on all counts every time you come in. I am however, definitely willing to do a redo and let Stateside prove that consistency is possible! My hopes are high.
Great service, drinks and food.  Overall, we had a great birthday dinner at Stateside.

Our waiter went out of his way to make it a great night offering suggestions and drinks that made us very happy to be there.

Nice whiskey selection, and the bartenders made great drinks.

The food was very good, and we liked being able to share several dishes.  Highlights included the lamb meatballs, cheese board and mushroom risotto.
We had appetizers which were very good.  The Steak Tartar  was a 3.8 out of 5.  Tough to get Tartar (much like Bloody Mary's) to be excellent in my book. 

The staff was terrific.  The dining area and bar were rather cold on the wintery day we visited.

But the real BEEF I have is a $7.00 up-charge for a $11.00 cocktail, so a Manhattan cost $18.00!!.  Who charges that?  Not even the bar at the Ritz.   And know that this upcharge was not for some precious liqueur!  But Rittenhouse Rye.  A Rye that retails for $21.99 at most retailers.  Just a few dollars more then Jim Beam sells for!!

So, in addition to being unbelievably offensive to be gouged to such an extreme.  It makes one wonder where else this establishment is gouging their customers.
We sat at the bar on a relatively nice day, with the windows open.  The bartender was attentive.   We were there for happy hour and had $1 oysters, which were delicious.  Half priced drafts too.   Great deal!  We had lettuce wraps and three other small plates.  All were creative, fresh and quickly served.  The plate was described when dropped off.  We also had two desserts (cherry pie, yum!). The staff was friendly and the restaurant was very clean.  Great experience all around!
I haven't actually dined at Stateside since the super-hot George Sabatino era and sorely missed Elijah Milligan days, but I can say it is currently a great place to have a few tasty and creative cocktails before dinner at one of the many outstanding restaurants on East Passyunk Ave (Noord, Fond, Laurel, Will, and Le Virtu being my current favs, and looking forward to Townsend).

I recently enjoyed (see photos):

~"Bee Sting" with Uncle Val's Botanical Gin, Lemon, Honey, Absinthe

~"Short & Stout" with Old Grand-Dad Bourbon, Vanilla, Whole Egg, Stout

I tweeted a photo of the latter on Twitter and Old Grand-Dad himself replied: "I'll have you know I'm a tall, svelte fellow. But that drink looks delicious, however named!"  LOL!

Stateside is also one of the few Philly bars to offer several different bottlings of Pappy Van Winkle bourbons, although they probably only have one bottle of each so these sell out, and what they may have at the moment will vary.  The 15 year-old Family Reserve was 30 per ounce (totally worth it!), and 23 year-old was $60 per ounce.  These are served in small grappa or sprit glasses...high-proof, so sniff without swirling!

Will have to try new Chef Kevin D'Egidio's (ex-Will) cooking one of these days...
Made it here on a Friday night with a pretty late reservation. This was during the final weeks of George Sabatino's reign.  First, there was a delay in getting seated and the manager said we could get a drink on the house, but that didn't happen.  I did have a mint julep was tasty.  It was a Friday during Lent, so I was limited to the vegetarian/fish options.  We shared the vegetarian board which was actually really good, and a nice start.  There was some cheese, some pickled vegetables, and some other vegetable options.  It was on the smaller size but there was enough for our group of 4.  As far as the other dishes, we ordered many.  The scallops were really nice.  I loved the brussel sprouts.  Others had great things to say about the pork belly and the short rib.  I believe the menu has changed, and I'm glad I had the chance to check it out.
Ok this is perhaps my favorite place now although hard to get there often. First the staff is incredibly friendly in a very real way. Just down to earth nice people. My wife absolutely loves the cocktail selection and the sips I have had have been excellent. The beer selection always top notch and interesting. The food is not only great but served in reasonably priced and sized portions so that you can walk out and not waddle out and you don't have to drop $120 for a weeknight meal. Get the kale salad. Large and excellent with softened kale, chickpeas and a good creamy dressing. Get the duck sausage with sweet potato hash. Great idea to use a honey mustard in the dish as it just ties everything together. Get any of the side vegetables as the vegetables here whether as an accompaniement on your plate or as a stand alone plate are always top notch and can be very creative. If you don't just eat the food here but as you eat try to follow along in the thought process the chef had in putting together each dish you'll realize he will be around for a long long time to come
I was incredibly excited to eat here, so maybe my problem was I expected too much.  
No, probably my problem was that I came here the weekend that Chef Sabatino was competing in Hop Chef.  (Yes, I know he won) I probably should have waited until another night, when I could have tasted his handiwork. 

Hostess was at best - vague, at worst - rude.  When she told us there were no tables available, she then just stared at us for a full minute.  I asked if I could give her my name for one , and she sort of rolled her eyes and just said "I'll find you" 
Um...ok. 
So we sat at the bar, which looks beautiful (everything looks beautiful in there) and were served lovely cold glasses of water filled with ice. It was very hot , despite being late evening.
Two seconds later , it turns out there IS a table. Ok great.  We relocate to said table, and greeted by our server.  She then pours our water glasses with tepid water (no ice) from a pitcher.  I sure wish I'd brought mine from the bar. Come on people, it was HOT.
So, Ok, - I'm putting it behind me as we order.  Pickled carrots were delightful - albeit a bit boring.  My husband's drink (can't remember the name, some kind of Punch) was AWESOME.   But our server's boyfriend came in a few minutes after us - and she made no secret about sitting with him, and hugging him while we waited for our food.  Kind of weird in a place where you will drop the kind of money you will in Stateside. 
Just a little too casual. 
But the real problem was the oysters.   Husband ordered half dozen - East coast.  I abstained, not really into them unless I'm literally on the water.  Turns out I was wise - not ten minutes after eating them , the poor guy was violently puking in the toilet.   
He said he knew as soon as he ate them that something wasn't right. 
Now, I know this is a risk that you run when you consume anything raw.  I get it.  
But , it sure ruined the rest of the meal.   I gulped down the scallops (which were, i have to say - delicious)
We had to leave - he was ill the entire evening until he got them all out.  
So, I would go back - to drink.  But goddamned if I'm going to spend that kind of money on the food again.  
Don't go away again Sabatino!
This place was charmingly casual and delicious!  I loved everything we ordered and had a great dinner experience on a random Wednesday night. I went with my brother, who is a chef for Jose Garces, and he is very particular and opinionated.  He was very impressed with the variety of the menu and the flavor composition.  The smoked pork rillettes were probably my favorite - such an interesting application (served in a jar and meant to be wrapped in bibb lettuce).  The cauliflower was surprisingly spicey which I loved.   Another one of the people I was with is a vegetarian and there were plenty of options for her (parsnip soup and shaved vegetable salad - both dishes were fresh and had sharp, clean flavors).

The chef at Stateside just won a national sausage contest a few months ago, so we had to order the duck sausage which was by far the most delicious meat we had.  The pork belly a close second.  The portions were perfect for sharing and I left feeling satisfied but not stuffed or comatose.

Go here!  It's a great neighborhood hang out but could also be a good choice for out of town guests wanting something different yet very "Philly".  The beer and wine list was also very good!
IAte dinner at Stateside tonight as part of Passyunk Avenue Restaurant week.  It was utterly incredible.  First of all, the restaurant is small, which keeps the sound level low and the bustle under control.  My friend and I had a three course meal, but we were allowed to talk and linger and spent two hours eating our dinner.

The restaurant is quite dark, and the presentations of the food are quite unusual, so you really have to focus on the tastes in each dish.  What they do with vegetables is amazing.  The flavors are intense....and the combinations unusual....bringing out unusual flavor accents.  

The selection of bourbon is incredible.  I had a bourbon pairing with each course and was astounded by the difference in taste, smell, and smoothness of each drink.

I think this is a restaurant that requires food sophistication.  The servings are small, and require attention to appreciate the presentation and taste of each element.  

It was a wonderful experience and I definitely want to go back many times!
Woah. This may be my favorite spot in Philly.

I'd first tasted a few of Chef George's delicious bites at a Yelp event. But it took me a while to get back to Passyunk and I'm so glad I did. It was after some Philly going away drinks with friends. I'd had a fantastic year in Philly, enjoyed some really phenomenal food and drinks, which helped me on my way to Yelp elite, but the year was coming to a close. 

But I was pretty drunk already...and hungry. We were going to meet a friend who's more familiar with the Passyunk scene and much more in touch with exactly what to order and where, so we ended up at Stateside. Again, woah. That crispy pork belly. The cauliflower, omfg. Parmesan croquettes. 

I'm out of Philly now, but I can't wait to go back just to go to Stateside. Thanks Chef George!
This is a solid 3.5 star review- I rounded up. 
Went here last night (a Thursday) and required reservations. The Best of Philly thing has really made it tricky to just swing by this neighborhood spot. 

The drink menu has changed from what is online. So my friend and I were upset we couldn't order the "Gangsta's Pearadise" a concoction of champagne, pear vodka and pear puree...sounds good right? We were super bummed. Ah well. Red wine always fits the bill. 

We go to order the first round of small plates and are told we have to order everything in one shot. No biggie. The menu is on the smaller side, with a few vegetarian options for my friend. We decided to get cauliflower and pickled veggies to start and then I would get the rib eye and she was getting the tagliatelle with mushrooms. My favorite thing was the cauliflower. The rib eye was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't super over the moon about it. My friend loved her pasta, and I think I'll order that next time. 

For dessert we ordered the carrot cake with blue cheese frosting. The cake itself was really good, however the blue cheese frosting overwhelmed the cake so we just ate around it. I understood what they were going for, but the cheese was a little too potent. 

The prices of this place are fairly reasonable for the amount of food you get, just don't expect to scoot out of here without dropping $80 for 2 people.
Wow. I went to Stateside on a Monday, having forgot most restaurants on Passyunk are closed. We were entertaining an out-of-town guest and wanted to show off South Philly. We decided to try out Stateside, initially because it was open and also their invited open air space looked inviting. Stateside looked like a gastropub, but I had no idea that the Stateside was worlds apart from a gastropub. 

Instead, I was delighted by the menu of interesting tapas, good beer selection, and novel cocktails. Our table of 3 selected 6 plates and 1 dessert and shared them. I loved every dish especially the salmon tartare. The service was excellent and the server brought us a complimentary amuse and small dessert. The restaurant had the right mix of casual atmosphere and original, upscale food.

And the price! With the happy hour specials and complimentary tastes, the bill was unbelievably low. Granted, we weren't drinking, but still the check amounted to under $20 per person. That was what earned Stateside the extra star. 

In sum, Stateside is a revelation. With only one visit, I knew this had become among my top choice of South Philly restaurants. And our out-of-town visitor was amazed. Stateside made us look good and proved that South Philly is a "go-to" destination.
