Cheesesteaks are a part of my patrimony. Mom said I ate my first bites of cheesesteak before I was two years old, a sandwich brought from my father's sub shop, and with all that family and food and glowing childhood association bouncing around in my head, it was inevitable that I'd grow up loving both steak sandwiches and people who enjoy them as much as I do. 

In fact, I married a Northeast Philly native, my very own "Philly Special," and while I've got a million reasons to love her, I love her all the more because she loves the sandwiches at Bustleton Avenue's Steve's Prince of Steaks.

Steve's serves delectable hand-held meals that start with house-made sub rolls done right, by which I mean to say, rolls that are a tad yeasty, with a barely-perceptible crackle to the crust, rolls that provide an intact hinge and a slight chew. The bread's filled with thinly sliced medallions of tender rib-eye steak; grilled onions, if you eat them; and cheese, melted into the meat and vegetables. The shop also features a "pepper bar," a shelf lined with pickled, fried, chopped and whole chiles and other hot stuff.

Meat, cheese, "with" or not. That's it. That right there is all you need to know. 

Well, okay... I mean, you can order a hoagie or a chicken steak at Steve's, even a hot dog, but why would you? I don't care how late it is or how drunk you are; Steve very thoughtfully put the thing you ought to be ordering in the name of his place, and if reading is hard for you, you can just point through the window at the grill, and the counterman will take care of the rest.

Chicken... sheesh.

Also, let's talk about cheese:

Not everyone who loves cheesesteaks appreciates the charms of the nacho sauce-meets-epoxy that is Cheez Whiz, and if you don't care for it, you should order something else.

Definitely don't order Whiz for the sake of authenticity.

Despite the American misconception that "it's not a cheesesteak without Cheez Whiz," inspired, no doubt, by the Cheez Whiz-Industrial Complex, the fact is that originally, Philly steaks were cheese-less, and Whiz, which came later as a cost-saving and efficiency measure, ISN'T EVEN THE FAVORITE AMONGST PHILADELPHIANS. I'm from the DC area, where, like many Philly natives, we use Provolone or American on our steaks.

And finally, Steve's Prince of Steaks doesn't take credit cards, and they don't offer ample parking, hot coffee or Coke products, or, that chicken thing notwithstanding, a menu so varied that you can literally order any of 38 million combinations. 

You know who offers all of that? Subway does. 

And now, if you're unhappy with your choices at Steve's, you know where you can go.
Locals I have talked to rave about Steve's and insist it's the best Philly cheese steak in the city and I must say it is a darn good steak sandwich w/o question. I ordered it with double meat, grilled onions and American cheese as instructed; I was not disappointed no way no how. Steve's uses shaved steak rather than chopping it up as some places do thus there is some texture to the sandwich which locals endlessly seem to debate, shaved vs chopped. All I know is that it was a very good sammie, one I'm sure you will want to try for yourself and draw your own conclusions. There is a condiment rail of larger glass containers on the front counter containing pickles, a variety of peppers hot and sweet and hot sauce, very convenient in order to customize your sandwich to suit your pleasure.
 I was at Steve's several years ago and ordered a hoagie, I must confess it was excellent as well, so if you are in the mood for for a Philly cheese steak or a hoagie you simply can't go wrong at Steve's Prince of Steaks.
Oh this is cute...the vegan chick reviewing the steak place. Hear me out...This is the original location of Steve's Prince of Steaks and it has remained a NE Philly staple for decades. I personally love the no frills, no nonsense feel it has and the fact that despite how the neighborhood has changed, they haven't given up on their true roots. If you find yourself in the area, I say it's definitely worth stopping by!  

While they also offer a variety of burgers, dogs and hoagies, cheesesteaks are what they're obviously known and from what the fam has to say are really darn good. Much better than some of the more popular/touristy places in the city by a long shot. No gristle or fat, and enough meat to fill a belly but they also offer the the option to do double meat. Fam doesn't feel that's necessary though. Sammies are served on tasty, fresh rolls and priced competitively. 

What I personally love about Steve's is actually their other offerings. It's quite possibly the most vegetarian friendly steak place in all of Philly. Growing up I would indulge in cheese hoagies (which were stuffed to the brim), cheese fries and absolutely a chocolate cherry soda. Get one. Don't question it....you MUST!! MUST! 

On my most recent which was the first one in quite sometime, I noticed they added even more options other than steaks. Pizza rolls and veggie sammies are two that caught my eye. The kiddos got some pizza rolls which are essentially an egg roll stuffed with cheese and marinara sauce. I tried the veggie hoagie which contained absolutely delicious marinated grilled veggies. They asked if I wanted spice and I told them half which was the perfect amount for me. Enough kick to need a drink nearby but not too much where I couldn't taste my food. I also added cold lettuce and tomato making it a true hoagie. It was really fantastic and I would
go out of my way for this sammy again. Filling and filled. Had half for later on too!

Their complimentary fixing bar is pretty great too....awesome pickles, long hots, and banana and cherry peppers too. 

The guys are always friendly and fast and I love watching them get down behind the glass. 

There are two windows for ordering...one for steaks sammies and the other for fries and drinks. 

The joint still remains cash only. 

Just a few bar stools inside and a few tables now also sit outside on Cottman Ave. 

This place brings me so much nostalgia as overall it hasn't changed too much since I was a kid except for welcomed menu additions. Oh, and they have a food truck for catering needs now too.
Steve, my friend you have reached my top 5, probably top 3 of greatest cheesesteak joints to go to in this fine city. It has been several years, well before my yelp days since I've had you guys. Clearly you are regal , but I feel "Prince" is beneath you with your product. Steve's Prince of steak, let's change this Steve's "King" of steaks. Yea I said "King" , sorry Pats you're not making the cut. EVER. 

For all you tourists who come to Philly hitting up Genos, Pat's and Jims keep on going there for that sub par crap. True Philadelphians know where the best quality is at, and Steve's you're a part of it.     

I LOVE a great steak joint, that doesn't need the all those advertisements  that others depend on.  Steve's has been doing it right ever since he opened up his shop 30+ years ago in the great North East part of the city. Now that there has been a Center City location, there is no doubt about it you guys will own it like a boss there too. 

Picture this kiddies, fresh sliced rib-eye waiting to be thrown on that grill. Perfect marbleized cut after cut of that rib-eye will give you that great flavor with every bite. Now that I gave you somewhat of a visual of the quality type of meat to expect , lets go a little further. 

What makes a great sammy? Some say it's the ingredients and prep work. Others say its the establishment  and traditions behind it. My friends it is all about that bread, the foundation behind it. That is where you start this masterpiece, and Steve's has it my friends. Yes the tradition is important, and they follow it to the "T" but it starts with the choice of bread. 

I went with a double meat with American and Wiz wit. I also had my homeboy add some Italian grilled long hots to the mix. That's what we call "Deliciousness" Yelpers. A sloppy flavorful rush to the taste buds that will have you licking your finger. It's even better if you have a beard/goatee with a flavor savor that captures that goodness. Ladies will not know what that is , and if you do sport one, well then I recommend some kind of cosmetic assistance.  

** A side note for the newbie/tourist when someone says "Wit" (i.e. American Wit) that means he or she would like grilled onions added to their sandwich. Wiz W/ Out well that means No onions. Don't be that person, don't mess up the flow!  

Royalty at its best over here , now get in there and eat up with a chocolate soda to cleanse the pallet!
On my way back from visiting Washington DC, I knew I would be passing by Philadelphia along the way to NYC.  This was a great opportunity to try Philly's famous cheese steaks at it's own home turf.  Before my trip, I did some research on where I was going to eat.  Originally I was thinking of going to the two most famous ones of them all, the two originators of the cheese steaks, Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's.  After reading some pretty bad reviews about them on Yelp, with a few from some trusted Yelper friends saying it's all just a tourist trap these days, I expanded my search elsewhere.  I really wanted to get it right since I had time for only one meal here while driving back.

Among my finds were articles of this place called  John's Roast Pork   http://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia which was getting pretty positive press with multiple awards throughout Philly and great reviews on Yelp.  Sadly, this place was a no go for me because they are only open from Monday to Friday and they close shop by 3PM.  There was no way I could get there during their crazy limited opening hours.  

Thus the search continues.... 

Eventually I ended with a small little chain named Steve's Prince of Steaks.  I happily could confirm that Yelp haven't steered me wrong.  This is a great cheese steak.  The bun is nicely soft and is much better then most of the thicker cheese steak bread used in most places in NYC. The beef steak was thicker cut, meaty and juicy.  I had mine with american cheese and tasted my friend's version with cheese whiz and they were both great.  The whiz is more salty and intensely flavored while the american have a softer, creamier note to the cheese.  We also had ours with grilled mushrooms added for 75 cents more. Grilled onions are free but you would have to tell them to add it on. The whole sandwich works well as a whole.

There is a condiment station by the side of the ordering window where they have free toppings such as whole cherry peppers, hot sauce, pickles, etc.

I also ordered the hot and spicy fries. I prefer a slightly thinner cut but that doesn't diminish the fact that these fries was more then decent. The slight spiciness comes from a seasoning that they sprinkled all over and reminds me of Old Bay.  Nice crispy texture to the outer layer of the fries while retaining a moist center.  

I have now tasted a real cheese steak and it was certainly better then what we have in NYC (although a few are pretty close).  Luckily Philly is a mere 2 hours drive when I want cheese steaks of this caliber.  Yeah.. only two hours.  Not too bad.... sigh.
I love this place. Best cheese-steaks ever. Dont believe the hype about Pats or Ginos... Steve's is the place to go!!
Cash only spot, important to know since we're not from around here.  Parking is scarce,  but most people do takeout.  There are both indoor bar seating and outdoor tables.

The ordering system is spelled out and they  offer more vegetable features and even chicken , which is way better than some no frill places. Options like peppers,  mushrooms can be added for a nominal fee and that really made my sandwich.  The bread wasn't as soft as I wanted,  but it's still a good option for cheesesteak.  

I opted for double the meat with a side of fries and it hit the spot. They cook thin whole slices of steak versus haphazardly chopped peices. My mother prefers it that way,  but if it tastes good, I don't care if it's whole or chopped. The pepper bar allowed me to add more flavor to my sandwich. If there is a next time, I should add more cheese.
I went to Philly for a wedding and I promised myself that no matter how exhausted I was after the festivities, I was getting my hands on an authentic cheesesteak in philly. That meant I was leaving the reception with a very drunk bridesmaid in my passenger seat, and I turned to Yelp in desperation because my flight left too early the next morning!

That's how I found Steve's and it was perfect. In an old school metal looking diner with only a handful of tables. Open until 3am. And after midnight they only serve steaks and fries. Hell yes. I went to the "sandwich" window and ordered myself a cheesesteak and told the guy to make it however he felt it should be made since it was my first actual Philadelphia cheesesteak. 

This meant my friend and I got steak with whiz and onion, and let me tell you, this thing was magnificent. Greasy, messy, and delicious. Probably a billion calories but well worth it and I feel like I got to enjoy a unique piece of Philadelphia's culture before I had to fly back out. Well worth losing an hour of sleep.
Well steaks were good for a while till owner got greedy. Guess a few morning show reviews got to his head. Always enjoyed eating there but now, at 11 bucks a steak (his cost maybe 3 bucks) will leave the po" people out. An ice laden soda 3 bucks (maybe 20 ounces). NO REFILLS !  You can by 2 liters of cherry soda for two fifty,  A steak fries and soda will leave with a few coins. That is Steve's goal get the whole twenty bucks for a sandwich.  There are no bathrooms as required by law for a  eat in restaurant. Sad but I hope his business falls down due to Steve's greed.
Want a great hoagie or steak with a slice of pizza and a cherry soda twice the size of Steve's ? Go to Aldo's at Bustleton and Veeree !

Thanks for being a GONEFF Steve ! 

Hope you go down Steve ! You have become greedy !

From all of us in the Northeast !

Oh and when I pass by there are fewer people in your store !

Maybe it alimony and child support ?

But you have out-priced yourself and want to see you close the store Mommy bought you,

Saddened by your thievery,

Take care me from me and all my friends.
Yes, they make an exceptional cheesesteak. But one window is for cheesesteaks. The other is for your drinks. There is a sign indicating this. If you try to order a drink at the cheesesteak window, the guy inside who just started making your cheesesteak yells at you to read the sign, even if you're the only customer at the window.

Kiss my ass, man. Enjoy your ulcer while I treat people like human beings.
So, let me start by explaining to you, the reader, the back story:

Every summer road trip, as my very good friend BB and I make the Sunday evening trek home from the Jersey shore, we reach a point in the give-or-take 2 hour trip when we will turn to one another and ask the inevitable question: "Tour de Boulevard - yay or nay?"

The answer, my friends, is always "yay".

Now, let me explain to you the 'Tour de Boulevard".  It means a take-out order of Chickies and Pete's crab fries (Roosevelt Blvd, hence "Boulevard" aren't we so clever?!) , followed by Steve's Steaks, curbside.  Everything else you have heard about legendary cheesesteakes in Philadelphia? Fagettaboutit.  This is the truest essence of the city's finest.

I can't precisely put into words what makes the bottom line difference, but these steaks are insatiable. Simply put..simply the best. Once you go Steve's, you never go back.
This is it. The argument is over. Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.

I don't care about things like parking, decor, friendliness of the staff, price, etc.

I care about the cheesesteak.

Steve's uses delicious quality meat. They're not trying to hide anything by chopping it into oblivion. They put slices of rib eye on their soft roll, and it is perfection.

My partner-in-crime loves the thinly sliced pickles they offer at the "condiment bar", I need no condiments for this sandwich.

No ketchup, no salt, no pepper, no pickles, no peppers. 

I want to eat that bad boy exactly as is. It's seasoned perfectly.

Do this: "extra whiz, with. For here." Stop by the next window. "Spicy cheese fries, extra whiz. For here." 

It's the perfect cheesesteak experience. 

The fries are slathered with whiz, but they remain crispy. It goes against everything I was taught in school.

You should eat it there. I shouldn't have to tell you that. Food is just better right off the grill. Good food doesn't like to travel. 

It's delicious when you're drunk. It's more delicious when you're sober.

They have various locations. The other locations are a slight fall-off from the original.
No fitting words are capable of describing a legend. However indescribable these sacraments actually are, I will attempt to relay to you the experience my GI system refers to as "God's gifts." My stomach went to heaven and back. This is its story.

Soft bread with a delicately crisp exterior. Marbled beef, thinly sliced, juicy, tender, delicate like an infant's skin. A wave of soft provolone cheese smothers the meat and oozes from each side of the cheesesteak, carrying gems of fried onions. Hot, crispy fries pair well with this delicacy, which cleanses the palate and fuels the addictiveness of the miracle in front of you. Don't miss out on the mozzarella sticks as well. Perfectly seasoned and cheesy. 

What is the secret of perfection? In a disordered, chaotic world ruled by physical forces of which we have little control, perfection and beauty certainly are rarities. However, some geniuses have found order in our world. Euclid described the Golden Ratio. Fibonacci the Fibonacci sequence. Pythagoras the Pythagorean theorem. And last but not least, Steve's Ratio: the perfect combination of bread, meat, and cheese. Steve's Ratio may be shared and even imitated, but it will forever reside in the gastronomical caverns of my heart.
I didn't realize just how much I loved Steve's until I described it to an out-of-town visitor while at another, more touristy cheesesteak joint on South St.

"Well, for one, there's the torpedo roll. It's a great size. And the steak is good, and not chopped, but not dry and gristly like at Geno's...and the cheese, oh the cheese! They have MELTED white American cheese. Like, liquid. OMG."

It went a little something like that. I didn't even get to mention the delicious cheesefries that require a fork to eat. And if you know me, you know good cheesefries usually don't go unmentioned. Well done, Steve's. You are worth the trip.
I'll admit that the first time I went here, my friend told me this was the best cheesesteak place in Philly.  I gave them a confused look, but I didn't want to knock it until I tried it. I'm glad I wasn't being too judgy because it was so good. Steve's Prince of Steaks and Dalessandro's are now my favorites in Philadelphia. Yes they are different, but they are both good.  
My favorite cheesesteak is onions with whiz.  Whiz sounds gross, but trust me it is the best.  Whiz was another thing I had to be talked into.  The meat here is slightly thicker, but definitely not finely minced.  

Some things to note:
Parking is street.   
It is cash only, but there is an ATM inside.
This is the original location.  Yes there are multiple.
Worth it!
I used to come to this location all the time back when I used to live in Philly. I've tried every single cheesesteak place even in other states but nothing compares to Steve's, this is my all time favorite for an authentic Philly cheesesteak...the difference is their steak is sliced not chopped. And imo, it's not a tourist trap like Geno's or Pat's, it's the real deal! 

I came here this past Sunday for lunch and they were packed but trust me, it's so worth the wait. My usual is a cheesesteak with whiz and onions along with a side of cheez whiz fries. Their bread is thin and they give a generous amount of sliced flavorful steak. Best part is, the bread doesn't get soggy at all, even with all the steak juices and cheese in between:p
Once you walk in the there's two windows the left window is to order everything but the cheese steak such as fries and drinks and the far right window is just for the cheese steaks.

The cheese steak 4/5
I like the amount of meat it came with, I'm not a meat person so the amount was perfect for me and if you wanted more meat you can double it up for about $2 more. The onions was cooked perfectly and so was the mushroom. The bread was perfectly baked as well, it was cheesy, messy and tasty! Everything in that sandwiches was just very well put together. 

Pizza fries 3/5
It did taste like pizza which it was kinda weird but at the same time addicting. I don't think I would order it again tho. 

Service was very quick wouldn't say the guy that took our order was friendly. He sure looked like he hated his job.
Steve's motto should be "if you can find us, you can have the best steak in town." Their only competitor is Tony Lukes in South Philly. A tourist would have to leave the downtown area and drive about 20-30 minutes straight north on Roosevelt Blvd to find this gem. It's in a completely nondescript neighborhood but that's half the fun, total "local color."


The steaks aren't cheap but are the real deal- great bread, meat done in strips instead of the chopped slop that others do etc.


And you can't beat the staff of young kids whou are capable of authentic Philly rudeness- I had one shout out "your steak's getting cold" because I didn't hear him the first time. I would pay extra for that humorous abuse!.
I was fearful.  Not really so much of the neighborhood (sketch-ville...  but it's the NE...  to be expected), but more so because I have not found anywhere that compares to my love of Pat's.  

I am no longer afraid.  I went, I ate, I overcame.  I want to go back.  

The steak was in long slices, which I thought would be crap-tastic like Geno's, but I was pleasantly surprised.  There was almost no fat (visible fat, that is) and you would think that without piles of meat, you wouldn't be able to taste it.  You thought wrong, my friend.  The bread was awesome, not soggy.  And the ratio of whiz to meat was perfect.  Every bite needs whiz...  and every bite HAD whiz on my steak.  The fries were amazing and did not come clumped together like at other establishments.  

Fear of the Northeast aside, I will venture back to Steve's asap.
Oh, Philadelphia what can I say? Maybe I've been away for too long, but on my most recent trip, I realized two things. First, Philadelphians like Hall & Oates far more than the rest of the country (like, way more).  Second, y'all need to switch up your diets a bit, because slicing, as opposed to chopping steak (or "steak") when making a cheesesteak should not be considered such an exotic technique.

I love Steve's and all.  Despite their appearance as a hostile South Philly tourist cheesesteak stand, they are actually very friendly and they make an great sandwich. I love Northeast Philly too, if for no other reason than it feels completely unchanged from when I kid and life seems to roll along here like the rest of the world doesn't matter (or exist). 

When I was young, I lived not too far from here and actually remembered trying it for the first time because it was the first and only time I had a cheesesteak with cheese whiz (may have been melted velveeta back then).  This time around, I expected Whiz to be the only option, but I opted for a cheesesteak "with" on American cheese.  That's the classic combination to me, and of the next ten orders I overheard, the preference of nine others.

Here's the thing though, for all the talk of being the best, I wasn't blown away.  My heart likes the chopped style, but the foodie in me respects the use of non-processed, sliced beef. Its potential is throttled by under-seasoning said meat and choosing a cut, I'm assuming round, that isn't well-suited for a quick cook on the griddle.  It's tough, way too much chew.  The cheese is a little excessive and I couldn't help but think that if there is a given allotment of fat grams, I'd rather have some tastier beef and less cheese as opposed to leaner beef and a soupy mess of melted cheese. Onions we a little burnt too and chopped too fine, but I couldn't tell if that was an aberration.

My theory about the accolades is that people who compare the many great cheesesteaks of the city in search for the best are tricked by Steve's slight departures from the norm.  A very detailed and impressive list last year placed them as 2nd best in the city and occasionally a publication or two will name it very best.  Sorry, but it's not close.  It's still Dalessandro's for me, until further notice.
I know the Northeast is not cool, but I'll say it: Steve's Prince of Steaks is the best steak in Philly.  And everyone who knows this place, except for Jon L here, seems to agree.

The meat is not chopped; it is strips of hand cut, lean beef.  As a result, the steaks here are much less greasy than other places (but they still have enough grease to be delicious).  They also bake their own bread here, and it is very good.

They have whiz, of course, but the American here is unique: it is a sauce much like the whiz, but feels less artificial.  The secret to a proper Steve's order is "both cheeses wit."  They will ladle on both the orange wiz and yellow American.  

Eating a Steve's is really a sublime experience.  The first couple of bites are not anything too special.  But as you eat the steak, the two colors of cheese start to mingle with the grease.  It all collects in the crease and back corner of the bread.  Each bite becomes progressively more delicious as the flavors mingle.  By the end, you almost in a trance; your mouth just moves itself.  Cheesesteak nirvana.

I've taken out of towner's here, and they have not been especially impressed.  This is a place for the cheesesteak connoisseur , someone who has already had the crappy, average, and good steaks in town and can really appreciate the delicacy that is the Philly cheesesteak.

Side note: they have two locations-- the Bustleton Ave location here and on Comly right off the Boulevard.
Steve's Prince of Steaks is definitely one of my top three Steak sandwiches in Philly. There are literally hundreds of places in the city and this is top three.
The steaks are made with the best beef and is thin cut not chopped. I like the American with but switch to the Wizz with or without sometimes. You get a great Sandwich either way. The French fries with cheese are also incredible. You can also get a variety of other sandwiches. 
The place is usually clean. The dining area may be in disarray at times but with the turnover it is understandable. 
The staff is professional and as courteous as they can be. You may seem rushed sometimes but also understandable because of the quick turnover. I will take quick service with some gruff anytime. 
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone either living in the city or just visiting.
Since moving to Philly my husband has taken me to quite a few cheesesteak places. I think he could eat a steak sandwich everyday if he could! Don't laugh, I really think he could. With that being said, I really enjoy Steve's. 

Here's what I like about it...Their meat is great. I like that it isn't chopped up. It's in slices. Their cut it just right! Not too thick and not too thin.  Their rolls are good, I like Steak and Hoagie Factory's better but Steve's roll is nice. I think it's kind of weird that their drinks and fries window is separate from the sandwich window. Kind of a pain in the but. They also only take cash, but they do have an AMT machine inside.

Why are steak sandwiches so expensive? $9 for a plain steak (just meat and bread) So for a family of 5 it was $40. 

I do want to try their pizza steak and buffalo chicken sandwich, my friend Dazzle swears by them.

Even though Steve's isn't close to us, if we are in the mood for a steak sandwich we'll drive to the Northeast to Steve's. Try it, you won't be sorry.
Steve's cheesesteak is one of the best I've had in Philly.  Inside my sandwich, I found tender slabs of steak, rather than the dried out beef bits one might expect from other cheesesteak vendors.  Texture-wise, it was great.  The cheesesteak was not super flavourful on its own, but there's a row of large glass jars filled with condiments (pickles, peppers, sauces) to make it better.

Place seems well-run, clean, and efficient.  Service is solid, helpful and NOT rude (unlike certain other places).
Sweet Jesus, I wanted to take up residency at Steve's.  While on our 24-hours in Philly, we felt compelled to grab a cheesesteak (cue up the "Eye of the Tiger") to make our trip complete.  Based on the recommendation from a friend of ours, he told us to go to Steve's as we didn't want to end up in a tourist trap like Pat's or Geno's.  And we did.  Be forewarned that Steve's is not exactly in downtown Philly; in fact, it was quite of a drive (through a somewhat sketchy area, but we've seen worse in Boston) to the original location in Northeast Philly.  But you won't be disappointed.  No wonder why it is considered one of the best kept secrets of Philly.

The cheesesteaks are served as a one-size-fits all.  The steak is sliced, not chipped/shaved.  The cheese offered is American (ooey gooey white American cheese), provolone, mozzarella, and cheese whiz.  That's right, cheese whiz.  With or without onions, it's your choice.  Condiments are up to you and are self-serve.

But if this is your first rodeo with Steve's, you better know your order before you step to the window.  For here or to go, what type of cheese, with or without onions.  If you're a Seinfeld fan like me, ordering was just like a scene out of the infamous "Soup Nazi" episode.  Order, pay cash, step to the left to order your drinks and/or fries, and pay again.  

There are no real tables, but rather there is counter seating.  The restaurant is always busy... always.  Whether it be sit-down or take-out, it is always busy, but it was well worth the wait.  

There's a reason why it's called Steve's Price of Steaks, as the cheesesteak was a royal treat by my standards.  My original plan of cutting my cheesesteak in half and letting Hubs have it was completely out of the question after just one bite.  It was a lot of food, especially considering that we also split an order of fries.  However, it was awesome.  It was hot, messy, and tasty.  There is no ladylike way to eat cheesesteaks at Steve's.  Making the napkin bib is not a bad idea. 

After we finished the feast, I felt like Rocky only it was my stomach battling Apollo Creed based on the sheer amount of food.  Yo Adrian, we did it!
Cheesteak consumption is a hobby of mine, and when I say that words cannot describe how good their steaks were, I was literally speechless when I took a bite out of their cheese steaks, which happened to be topped with all of the above (onions, hot/sweet peppers, the good stuff). To top it all off, this place just happens to be the spot where I've eaten the best steak of my life. When I got there, the staff is friendly, and the almost seemed a little disappointed when I denied the styles of steak they suggested. Advice? You'll be doing the steak shack a great injustice, and crushing the hearts of the staff, if you go there ordering a salad.

Oh wait, yeah there is a flaw, too much oil on the steaks. Every time I eat a steak from there I prepare for a heart attack, but if I had to eat one last meal before my time's end, take me to Steve's!!! But seriously, too much of anything can kill you. Plus, my steak came up to about 9 bucks.
One of - if not the best cheesesteaks in Philly - have one and you will be a loyal subject for life. 

Order sandwiches at one window 
Fries and drinks at other window
Cash only 
A T M on site for non cash carriers 

Ordering tips 
Make sure you say type of cheese first then with or without fried onions 

American without 
Wiz with 
Mild prov with 

If you like a stacked Sammy get double the meat
I prefer mild prov with or whiz with 

Make sure you tip the guys - they are working in the heat in there 

Plenty of condiments unlimited and varied with pickles peppers hot sauce etc
I don't often review the standards, but hey yesterday was the first time since last year I went to the Prince.

Well, BIG BIG BIG news!!!  Rather then a overtaxed window AC in what seemed like every other window they had installed central air (no doubt to go along with the centralized video monitoring system!)  Cool comfort wafts over the Princes palace making it even more desirable as the epicenter of steakdom in Philly.

The better half wanted a hot dog and Steve does em - a wonderful roll with good toppings but my preferences are more for a garlicky kosher style or other tasty dog, hopefully one that snaps when you eat it rather then the fine but very mild dog that was very good but not dog nirvana at Steve's.

Rather then a steak we shared a cheeseburger, the first time we ever tried one here.  Just excellent.  

Just 2 minor complaints.
1) Cash only (ATM is just 1.65 though -not a total rip but a rip none the less.
2) Pepsi, not coke.


There is one place better then here and it's all the way down Oregon by 95.  Kind of far from the Jenkintown area. 

Passyunk ave?  That's where politicos, locals, and right wingers find their mediocre steaks.  English, Russian, Spanish, or 10 varieties of Chinese everyone who knows knows to visit the Prince!
You wanna die?  Then just try to fuck with me while I'm eatin' here.  

I live in Los Angeles now but 20 years ago I did a stint in Cheltenham Village with the Stan Man during his homeowner years, during which time I learned a lot of things, not least of which is that Steve's Prince O' Steaks is the BEST.  Mike and Glen--The Window Men--confirmed this for me in the basement on Loretto St. one night, so I checked it all out one day for lunch.  As others have rightly pointed out, their center-cut eye round is lean, mean and made to be seen.  NONE of that chopped up nonsense you get at most places.  What--are you toothless or somethin'?

For me, this is always my first stop home when I fly into Philly and when I get onto Bustleton Avenue from Cottman, my mouth starts salivating like Pavlov's freakin' dog.  I'm gettin' a hard-on as I park and by the time it's my turn at the window, the words, "Double-meat, provolone, with..." just come flowing out.  Like opera.  Or your favorite Beatles song or something.  Fries?  "Hell yeah."  Soda? "Yeah, now is my sandwich ready yet, or what?"

They've got a dozen or more pickles and peppers and sauces for you to put on your sandwich and for me it's the "criquies," which are crisp-fried whole hot red peppers.  MAN that's good, all jammed onto my sandwich.  Confession time, though, people:  I ain't FROM Philly, I'm from JERSEY and I put ketchup on my cheesesteak.  I caught a local bodybuilder-type snickering at me for this once and when I asked him what his freakin' problem was, he went all little girl on me and slunk away, full of the knowledge that I would stomp him into something even stickier and more disgusting than Cheez Whiz, if that's even possible.  So don't FUCK wtih me when I'm eatin' here.  I mean it.
What makes a man embark on a journey? 

The inexplicable drive to explore? 

The urge to experience one's own "Hero's Journey" described by Joseph Campbell? 

In my experience, my own journeys have not been fueled by the need to discover or to be heroic, but to satiate the Grendel like beast within my tummy....a ferocious beast I call "the hunger". 

In my book, any place that will have a fat boy pack up the mini van with the kids and wife for a steak-n-cheese sammich gets 5 stars....especially when its almost 3 hours away and two states north. Yes the steak-n-cheese sandwiches are THAT delicious! Fueled by hunger and the need to satisfy this steak-n-cheese urge the family and I have been known to make the trek from the DC area all the way up to North Philly just to visit Steve's Prince of Steaks. 

Its the kind of trip where I would have driven non-stop before the birth of our monkeys, but now the diaper changing/let-the-boys-run-around breaks only delay but further fuels my hunger for a great steak-n-cheese. When we finally arrive in front of Steve's, we quickly hop outta the mini van, pick up the monkeys and make an eager beeline to the ordering counter. 

What do I normally order? Steak sandwich with provolone cheese, grilled onions and grilled mushrooms. Friggin' heaven! The meat is tender and freshly cooked for you as soon as you place your order. The bread is the tastiest most fresh bread which perfectly holds all the meat, onion and mushroom juices...preventing them from escaping down your hand as you stuff your face. 

Steve's has a do-it-yourself type pepper and pickle area where you can choose from pickles, banana peppers, jalapeno peppers and other picked toppings. I myself opt for some banana peppers but often will enjoy my first sandwich sans toppings to enjoy the full flavor of the meat, provolone cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms. 

That's right kids, I said my FIRST sandwich. Do you honestly think I'd drive all the way up here for just one sandwich? You gotta be outta your freakin' mind! 

As soon as I finish my second sandwich, I'll waddle my fat ass back up to the counter and order another steak-n-cheese treat. Why don't I just order two at the same time? Obviously you don't listen kid...they make them F-R-E-S-H to order! Unlike Pat or Geno's that has a mountain of cooked meat sitting on the grill, Steve's staff cooks 'em up fresh..and nothing in the world tastes better than a freshly cooked steak-n-cheese sandwich. 

The other things that separates Steve's from the poo poo Pat and Geno touristy steak-n-cheese places is that the steak used is top top top. The steak is tender, thinly sliced beef goodness that is NOT chopped up into small cat food like pieces. These wonderful meat slices are beautiful as they are stacked upon the aforementioned fresh bread...friggin' amazing. 

I may not be from Philly and yes...as a DC area resident I consider myself a novice when it comes to steak-n-cheese sandwiches. But I'll tell you this, I'll happily stuff the wife and two kids into the van, drive 3 hours north for Steve's steak-n-cheese sandwiches, something that I would NEVER do for Pat or Geno's sandwiches. I know what I like, and I loooooove me some Steve's steak-n-cheese sandwiches. 

Five big f'ing stars for Steve's Prince of Steaks for making me this fat boy an addict of their steak-n-cheese sandwiches. Hmmm...I think its almost time for a run up north. Wonder if the wife would be up for a weekend stuff-your-face roadtrip. 

:-)
i get so annoyed when people talk about genos and pats. they stink. steves is the best cheesesteak in philly. i miss it sooooo much. i never have a reason to go to the northeast anymore. i have 2 different steaks i get. if i'm eating there i get extra wiz without. its super messy. i load it up with pickels, hot peppers and hot sauce (clearly the hottest stuff on earth) and if i have to eat in the car i get prov and tomatoes. not messey. easy to eat and drive. always get the cheesfries. steves is perfect.
I always got a gristly cheese steak here, I just can't bring myself to ever go here again
Bare bones cheese steak kinda place. Order your fries and drinks on the left booth window and your cheese steaks on the right hand booth window. Found a quality control consistency problem here as my friends cheese steaks had ample amounts of steak while mine was minuscule in the large hero roll. The steak itself wasn't too flavorful and got drowned out in the bread. The onions were well cooked though. I was a fan of the cheese fries. Crispy and worked well with the cheese. 

Nice touch as well with the condiments table with various relishes and peppers. Service was lacking as well as they could of had a better delivery system of the cheese steak to the person who ordered it as i saw several times the cheese steak not being given to people who ordered it but to those after the actual person.

Will i be back? Probably not as there are other better cheese steaks in town.

Tip: Bathroom is actually located in the kitchen (yeah sketchy) by going outside and going to the back of the building and entering the kitchen area.
I was a bit torn on how to rate this place. 

I was in the area. I never pass up the opportunity to try a big name in local cheesesteak lore, especially since I don't get this way often. 

I know people swear by this place over others. On some level I can see why. It has the character we love. 

The good parts of this cheesesteak, first of all the meat has great flavor. It's definitely fine ribeye. The roll is rather fresh and soft although I prefer a crustier roll like Sarcone's. 

The not so good, well I think they skimp on the meat a bit for the regular. I'm sure I could have rectified this by ordering double meat, but I shouldn't have to. It was way more roll than meat in my opinion. 

I got my three year old son the burger sliders and he loved those. I tasted them and I think I enjoyed them more than the steak. 

It's better than the Pat's and Geno's of the world, but it will never hold a candle to the John's, D'Alessandros, or even Tony Luke's in my mind.
I realized that I hadn't rated Steve's Prince of steaks in 5 years. So this could use an update.

I would go here every day if I could. I look forward to going here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night. There's nothing better in my mind than a breakfast cheesesteak.

I still only do chicken, not steak, but I could eat there literally every single day. The shop is clean, the employees are more polite than most other sandwich shops, the food is always piping-hot, and their hot sauce is *still* made of happiness and fire. 

My cousin was visiting from New York after having moved there a couple of years ago, and ask her if she want to go out for dinner and she said "yeah but can we please get cheesesteaks?" And there's nowhere else either of us would ever go. 

You guys are awesome. Keep up the good work.
Stopped in here with my brother while we were in town. We have of course heard of Gino's and Pat's but figured we'd give these guys a go since they were closer to where we were. We were not disappointed at this location. Another location of theirs was not as great. The cheese steaks here are delicious! The service was quick and they people cooking up our food was friendly. I would definitely recommend these guys to my friends. Not to knock Pat's or Gino's by any means. These guys were conveniently located for us at the time.

If you are in the area I would definitely stop in and give this place a chance.
This cheesesteak turned a Philadelphia native back onto cheeseteaks despite being 15 years older with a matching metabolism.

Seriously, I hadn't had a cheeseteak in a solid ten years until I saw my boyfriend buy and attempt to scarf one of these down in front of me. 

Not without giving me a piece! 

Now, I'm hooked.
Had lunch here a few days ago, I heard rave reviews from lots of people so I'm a Philly guy and cheese steak guy of course. so I indulged. Honestly I was extremely disappointed with the cheesesteak, not meat at all one slab of beef on a roll. But Steve's had no flavor either, the rolls were borderline stale. Sorry that doesn't cut it. To me it was below standards, maybe I'm biased growing up in Roxborough with Delasanndro's, Barry's and Mama's on Belmont Ave.  The only redeeming factor was that the French fries were good.
10 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)

Whoever said Steve's is in a sketchy area needs to step their city game up.  Surrounding area was like any ol' suburb.

My Whiz-wit sandwich looked disappointingly small at first, but I really liked the crispy bread and the thin slices of steak.  Also, the smaller sandwich helped with the meat-cheese-bread ratio.  I do wish I went with American instead of Whiz, though I did get American cheese on my fries.  And by that, I mean a mild, white sauce (though I don't think Kraft actually sells an American Cheese Whiz).

Service was decent...my wallet fell out of my pocket and they immediately let me know, so I appreciated that.  When it comes to cheesesteaks, the Prince bests the King.
My girlfriend and I made this one of our pitstops during a road trip as we just couldn't pass up the chance to try yet another one of the local cheesesteak favorites in Philly. We had already been to some of the top names in the city: Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, John's Roast Pork, Dalessandro's and now it was Steve's turn. We were pretty much making our way down the list of what we read were the most popular cheesesteak stops.

Steve's is located right in the heart of a local suburban neighborhood about 7 miles away from the city center. On the Saturday afternoon that we dropped by, it was pretty quiet inside. There was plenty of seating inside the little spot. The menu was smack dab next to the ordering counter so that made it easy for us to figure out what we wanted to order and place it. Besides ordering a cheesesteak, we also wanted a side as well, hence there was a 2nd ordering counter to the left just for side orders.

We ended up ordering the cheesesteak with onions and whiz with a side of cheese fries. First off, the pricing of the cheesesteak was right on par with all of the other spots we visited, around $9, so no difference there. As for the cheesesteak, I would have to agree with a previous yelper in the fact that the cheesesteak was a bit on the skimpy side. It just felt bare, especially when I opened up the bread and saw that there wasn't a whole lot of steak, onions or cheese. Despite the lack of ingredients, it was pretty tasty still and not the worst cheesesteak we had in Philly. I felt the cheese definitely made it more flavorful, but just wished there was more of everything in there.

The cheese fries were the highlight for us. They asked what type of cheese we wanted on our fries so we went with the traditional whiz. We didn't realize that we could have ordered our cheese whiz on the side instead of having them smother the fries with it, but it worked out. The fries were drowning in the cheese whiz and we took advantage of the overflowing whiz by dipping our cheesesteak in there! When we were done with the fries, we STILL had leftover whiz all over the parchment paper.

Steve's is a nice little neighborhood spot and gets nowhere the same attention as Pat's, Geno's or Tony Luke's. We enjoyed the cheesesteak though, but left wanting just a bit more. If the cheesesteak was filled up better with a bit more of everything, it would have definitely hit the spot. With that said, the cheese fries were the bomb though and something that I feel MUST be ordered for first-timers.
I thought Steves had one of the best cheesesteaks in the city. Better than Tony Lukes, pats, Genos, or Johns Roast Pork, but honestly I'm just not the biggest cheesesteak guy. I thought Steve's loaded it up with plenty of meat, but the steak was still somewhat tough. 

Prices are typical ($9 or so) but service was fast and not unfriendly.
Although i've been going lately to the location on Comly rd (across from the old Nabisco), i have to stick to my guts and go for the location that de-virginized me for my review.

Got my first bite of Steve's Steak back in mid 1990s and been hooked ever since. I believe it beats them all, from Gino's, to Pat's, to Jim's, to Luke's to Ishkabibble's. The quality of steak used and the way it's sliced (not too thin and not too thick) and not chopped, makes it the cheesesteak of choice for me. You can really tastes the steak this way and its perfectly seasoned and juicy.
I order it with friend onions and american cheese, with hot peppers and pickles on a side. But they have many options of cheeses and additions. This has to be ordered with spicy cheese whiz fries, whats Batman without Robin, Oreos without Milk, Yin without the Yang?

I use to say, i would have my wedding here if it would be big enough to accompany the guests. I live around 45 minutes and i still try to go to NE Philly just for Steve's at least every other month. I have yet to have a cheesesteak taste as good as Steve's, from the fresh roll to the fried onions, its far above the competition. 

This use to be the place to hit at 1am in the morning on a friday night. If you are visiting Philly and want to know what a real Philly Cheesesteak tastes like, stop reading and visit Steve's Prince of Steaks (i believe there are more locations now, one in Langhorne and Center City as well as NE) around you. Never a disappointment in almost 20 years.

Sad thing is that i have yet to try their hoagies or burgers or chicken cheesesteaks yet. I always think and plan of ordering something else, but once i get there, its a no brainer, the old faithful, "american, fried onion for here" for me.
Forget Pat's or Geno's. This place is definitely the King of all Cheesesteaks. I love the slices of beef rather than the shredded, dried out version at those other third-class, overrated places. Don't forget the fact that we can scoop out as many pickles, peppers, condiments, etc... as we want. I go for the cheese steaks but the fries are good as well. The sizes of the cheesesteaks are the size of my arm. 

If you want a Philly cheesesteak, come here.
I'm extremely disappointed with this establishment. As a person living with a bladder problem every time I have visited they claim the bathroom is out of order which at this point (5 times in a row) is ridiculous. The food is not worth the trouble they give their patrons. If you're going to serve food you need to have a working bathroom without giving patrons a stupid excuse so they don't have to clean their own facilities. Save yourself some time and go to Jim's
(Warning: Visiting from Atlanta)
Naaaah.
If you're a tourist- especially from Atlanta and ESPECIALLY if you've had Mad Italian's cheesesteak- there HAS to be better to offer! I demand that Philly has a better cheesesteak!
This one was so "meh". Overall, it was just not great. Aaaand they skimped on the meat.
We also got fries with seasoning and chip whiz (on the side). I LOVE fries with seasoning, but the amount of sheer salt on those fries could put out a forest fire.
Okay, let me just say this was the worse cheesesteak I have ever eaten.  Dont get me wrong, the steak was prepared nice and tender, but you need more than tender steak to make a philly cheesesteak.  This place just doesn't cut it when it comes to creating the complete philly sub experience.  It lacks basic juicyness, cheesiness, meatiness, and steak subiness.  I shouldn't have to add extra meat and cheese to barely get me there. 

If you want slices of steak, or slabs of steak go and order yourself a fat ribeye from a steakhouse.  If you want a real steak and cheese sub trust me and go anywhere else in Philly. Dont believe the hype from the good reviews!
I've been going here for the past 8 years. I personally feel its philly steak is overrated. They accept only cash, the prices has gone up drastically ($11 for a sub now and $4 for fries..and no more refills due to the soda tax) and the cooking is sloppy. However the service is fast and when I'm in need of a quick lunch or a midnight snack this is my go to place.
This was not what I would call a cheese steak sandwich.  Two thin slices of meat? Are you kidding me? I get more in a Subway sandwich. Better to stand in line for the other shops in Philly.  (no line here, now I know why)
I don't know who you people are that are giving this place good reviews but you need to explore the area and find something better than this rip off of a "cheesesteak" spot.

You people disgust me... go to a real spot that doesn't charge $10 for an empty sandwich AND m'fukin' $3 for a gosh darn soda pop!

I might make myself vomit before digesting this garbage just so my body doesn't have to deal with having mediocracy inside of it
Ok. Here goes. Long time reader, blah, blah, blah.

Steve's is the BEST cheesesteak experience in the city of Philadelphia. The cheesesteak meat is the best quality steak available. It's flavorful, tender, and lean. It's not chopped up into microscopic pieces likes virtually every other steak joint, which may or may not be your preference. If it's not, so be it. Good, shorter lines. The roll is fantastic, though I do feel they used to be a little crispier which I prefer. The liquid american is the best cheese offered anywhere. I cant think of another place that does it anywhere. It boggles my mind when I see people come into Steve's and order cheese whiz, and a lot of them do. Really?, i mean the consistency is worse and so is the flavor, but whatever floats your boat I guess. So with these 3 essential measuring points I can place it as the top cheesesteak in the city, most of the time that is. **I must make a side-note and say that it's a unique steak so depending on my mood there are probably times when I might prefer one from JRP, but a majority of the time I'd go with Steve's.**

Now that the main dish is out of the way. I must make a special point to mention the spicy fries at Steve's. They are sublime. The seasoning is truly unique and actually quite perfect. They are by no means overly-spicy and theres a nice balance of peppers and salts. To think, when I was a kid i thought this was just Old Bay Seasoning on them. So young, so foolish. So yeah, they're amazing. I like to put them on my sandwich to add another layer of flavor but also texture. Also, adding the liquid american, i mean you can just imagine the wonder...

The hot pepper counter is fantastic. I actually just tried the sauce they have up there for the first time yesterday. It was kinda like a chipotle mixture of some sort. It was quite good. They have 3 different types of peppers if I remember correctly and some delicious, almost shredded, pickles. Also, the roasted peppers that cost a dollar are phenom. I don't usually shell out the extra dollar for them but on special occasions, maybe like my birthday or something. 

Laslty , even the soda here is amazing. I mean I am a huge fountain soda fan and Steve's has always been mixed to perfection. They have cherry soda, not sure of the brand, but it is so good when mixed with coke for a homemade cherry coke of sorts. I love that drink. In fact this is the only place where I will routinely order a cherry coke instead of a Dr. Pepper, which they also have available. 

So yeah, sorry to write so much, but i just had to try to give this place the justice it deserves. It is legendary and often overlooked by many people, even some serious cheesesteak fans. Sometimes I wish the travel channel would realize what really goes on in Philly, but then I think it's probably better we leave places like this to the locals; and those that do the proper research.
I see that Steve's Prince of steaks has been in business for 35 years. I have certainly been going there for 35 years. Today I went and had the worst steak sandwich ever from Steve's Prince of steaks. I could only eat half because my jaw muscles were so sore from trying to chew this steak. I asked my wife is this the same role we usually get. She said it is well I gave it two stars cause the champ chocolate cherry was good and the french fries are good. But $10 for a plain steak with fried onions that I could barely chew through half of it I don't think so.
This has got to be the worst attempt at a cheesesteak I ever had, shameful in this city where there ate so many "variations"and "twists" on our iconic sandwich, the meat was bland and tough( literally shoe leather, I mean size and shape of my shoe sole) flavorless onions, marginal "whiz" (I think it was a knock off) although I felt the roll passed muster, (which is an important component) the best thing there was the bananna peppers and the bottled water, save your money and taste buds and go somewhere else( and I mean in this city ,anywhere else) and get a better cheesesteak
Probably the singularly worst cheesesteak that I ever had in Philadelphia. The meat was tough and flavorless, the provolone indistinguishable and the hot peppers bland.  Like, WTF?  I haven't had a cheesesteak in 5 or 6 years but this is not what I remembered, in fact, I'm pretty sure you can get a better version at Wawa.  Steve's Prince of Darkness.
Great Cheesesteak with provolone cheese, grilled onion and banana peppers. The bread was unbelievably fresh, and the ratio of meat, cheese and onions allowed you to taste all the flavors. I would also recommend ordering a side of fries (to share, it's a HUGE portion).

The atmosphere of this particular location is nothing fancy, which in my opinion, makes the food taste even better. Eating this cheesesteak and fries, in the outdoor seating area, made me feel like a local and as odd as it sounds, brought me back in time. Philadelphia is such a great, historic city, and it was a pleasure to eat such great food in this fantastic city.
Even though I'm a fat pig with giant man hooters you'd be surprised to hear that this was my first foray into Philly Cheesesteaks.
I feel like I made a good choice at Steve's Prince of Steaks.  Me and my crew got taken there by some people from North Philly....I got a wiz with onions and cheese fries.  Top notch!   I loaded it up with hot peppers.   My only complaint was that it binded up my bowels for a day and a half (probably all the cheese wiz) but that's ok....it was well worth it!
Philly's gotta be the best food city around.
Best cheesesteak in Philly hands down!  Look this place is what it is.  A no frills cheesesteak place.  If you want to knock them for lack of seating, fine.  If you want to bump down a star because their hoagies aren't the greatest, ok but it's Steve's Prince of Steaks not Steve's Prince of Hoagies.  Go to Primo's if you want a hoagie.  Don't get a hot dog and complain it took too long.  You know why it takes long for a hot dog?  Because only about 1 person a day orders a hot dog from these types of places.   For me the order is simple:  American or Whiz with, double meat.  The quality and consistency of this cheesesteak is always the same, great.  I've been here 100's of times and everytime the sandwich is exactly the same.  Never had a bad one.  That's not easy to accomplish.  Fries are always crispy and fresh and the fountain soda's are never flat.  No nonsense, no frills, just a great cheesesteak.
Hands down, the best cheese steaks I've ever tasted come from Steve's. The steak is nice and thick and it is quickly made to order however you like it. There isn't much sitting room here so I prefer ordering to go. 

You gotta try these steaks!!!
Ppl from Philadelphia always amaze me when they think cheese sauce, on a roll and a paper thin piece of steak is quality food!!!! And stop with the cash only bullshit!!!!!
My fav cheesesteak place. I usually get double meat and split with someone but most ppl can eat them alone. Both American and Whiz are good. Their meat is in slabs instead of chopped up which is nice and different. They are greasy so you'll need a bunch of napkins. You order the cheesesteaks and fries/drinks at separate windows. Their fries are okay ~ get the spicey, they are just like crab fries...get a side of American cheese to dip! Get a cherry coke (they have 'cherry soda' there so just mix it with Coke) and your all set. Counter full of condiments: pickles, jal peppers etc. The only negative thing I have to say is their prices have creeped up in the past few years, but so has everything else.  O...and no credit/debit cards! They have an ATM machine in there.
Definitely one of the cleaner philly cheesesteaks I've had but wouldn't say it's quite in the same league as Delassandro's...  Still, would go back when in town...
If there is any place where you need to stand as to make sure that cheese isn't dripping all over your clothes, it is   at Steve's. My dad and I come here every now and then when we are visiting family. Their cheesesteaks are some of the best around! Prices aren't bad either! They also have a wide range of options on the menu. Give me a wiz wit and I'm happy. It's places like this that almost make you feel sorry for the tourists that eat a Jim's cheesesteak and say "so this is what a Philly cheesesteak is like." (Insert cringe). Steve's has yet to disappoint me.
I've been to pretty much every steak place in Philly and Steve's is my absolute favorite. The steak is succulent and juicy, the whiz cheese is cheesy and gooey, and fried onions are sweet and tender. Definitely an explosion in your mouth. Just absolutely wonderful and they have friendly staffs. Don't forget to order cheese fries with American cheese. To die for!
Still searching for the quintessential Philly cheesesteak, and this wasn't it.  Had been here many years ago but the steak was overcooked and dry, with hardly any "wit" (fried onions).
We ordered 3 of the same sandwiches an once and they were all different in the amounts of meat, cheese and onions!  So far original Tony Luke's still has my vote!
The Best cheesesteak in Philly. I was born and raised in Philly and I have eaten cheesesteaks from all over the city and suburbs. It's simply the best. I noticed a review on here not as positive but they kept calling it a sub? Obviously not a true Philadelphian. People from philly don't say subs. It's a hoagie or a cheesesteak. Anyway you won't be disappointed if you eat a Steve's cheese wiz with.
My friend took me here because she loves the cheesesteaks and they are super good!! Best cheesesteak I've ever had to be honest. I don't like how we have to grab the condiments though, it looks kind of unsanitary.
You suck. 11:57 PM and you're closed. You're steaks are suspect to begin with but you can't even stay open late enough to enjoy the Phillies vs Tigers in extra innings. YOU SUCK!
Stoped here on my way out of Philly....lucky enough to park right at the curb.  My order was ready within 2-3 minutes of placing it. 

You can see, the whiz was overflowing.  Sandwich tasted good, filled me up and was just what I needed for the drive back to Jersey.

BTW the door says "Cash Only" ...but they do take Visa.
I wish I could give this place a ZERO.

I'm going to get right to it.

Stopped in after a concert, ordered a pizza steak, the guy goes American or wiz? I ask why, he says no mozzarella or provolone after 10.

WTF IS THAT?

WHY? What is the logic behind this? What self respecting steak place does this? Is the cheese too adult for the staff to handle or are they too stupid to comprehend more than 2 options.

Against my will, I order due to the company I am with. What did I get for 10 bucks? 2 tiny of pieces of steak, a slice of cheese and a huge ass roll. Literally more roll than steak. Was this some kind of payback for asking about the cheese? Like they used to do at Geno's till the one dude got his ass handed to him and crippled for disrespecting a customer? 

I honestly don't think it was. I think the staff were just high, stupid and lazy. The place was packed and they weren't taking customer names with orders, just calling them out, leading to confusion about who got what. And the little station with the sauces and peppers was dirty and gross. Trash everywhere as well. And that little bit of steak? It tasted gross as hell. I wouldn't have thrown it on the ground for the rats and pigeons because they deserve better.

I hate this place. I didn't like it before but now I hate it. I really wanted to go bitch and get my money back, but again the company I was with wanted to go and I wasn't driving so thus this review. It's a place to serve drunks, hideous NE stereotypes, people so baked and wasted out of their minds they'd eat the napkins and people too stupid to know what cheesesteak is actually supposed to be. And it's overpriced to boot.

This place should be condemned and burned to the ground. Their "food" is a sin against both nature and actual food in general.
Was THAT what all the fuss was about? Did I eat at a different place as the rest of the people reviewing this place? I saw NOTHING special about my SEVERELY over-priced, anorexic sandwich. The best thing about the cheesesteak was the bread. The sandwiches are literally just a few slivers of meat on a big bun. And for that, you will pay over $9. Want fries and a drink? You're looking at almost $20 for your lunch....AND, you have to go to 2 separate windows to order it all. For 2/3 of that price, you can get a meal with fries and a drink, or at least a sandwich with so much meat that you need an extra bun to eat it all. My food shouldn't be on a diet, and that is why I will NOT be making a return trip to Steves. Not recommended.
Thick sliced meat is my favorite type of cheesesteak, and Steve's rendition completely knocks it out of the park. 

I recently tried Steve's for the first time at their OG location in Northeast Philly, and it was truly a satisfying experience. 

My cheesesteak hunt has hit a bit of a try spell as of late - no real high quality steaks, lack of originality, average. But with Steve's, you get a beautifully wrapped steak in a fresh roll, layered perfectly with provolone, and topped with enough grilled onions to balance the flavors. They didn't cut the steak, which I'm not entirely bothered by, but maybe they just forgot. 

Aside from the food, I liked how they had an outdoor seating area to eat during COVID. But above all else, this is a top three steak for me right behind Dalessandro's and Tony Luke's. When I was done, I wanted more, and I can't wait to go back again.
I honestly don't get the hype.   After 3 separate visits to this North East Philly pride, I can say without hesitation I won't be back.   The service was great and the place was as clean as any other steak joint. BUT the steak itself on all three occasions was overcooked , dry, chewy, and flavorless.   It tasted like elementary school steakums.  I'll stick to center city Philly favorites  for a real cheese steak.  Sorry.
I ate here once about 12 years ago and I remember having the best cheese fries I ever tasted and cheesesteak that I had ever tasted. It was a long roll with moist cheesesteak meat and ketchup on it. Just perfection. And I had been meaning to come back and try it again after all this time and I did. 
I'm actually really disappointed with what had- maybe it was the lateness of the hour but the food was completely off and meat was dry. And I'm actually still in shock that the cheesesteak was that bad & mediocre. Something you'd expect from not-so-famous restaurant. In all regards since the review is about the place and up to date I'm going to have to give it two stars. The kids working there were somewhat friendly. I just feel like the place requires an older, more friendly guy who has been around for 20 years and knows exactly what you want and how to cook it. And I feel that that is what the name- Steve's prince steaks' deserves.
What you need to know

Price- $11.00 to include one regular cheese steak with onions. No drink or fries. 
Food- uninspired steak sandwich joint, using average product to produce very less than average sandwich. 
Service- None, self service. Stupid arrangement, first window you order and pay for your sandwich. Then you can wait in another line to order fries and a drink. 
Ambiance- none
Our experience- one of the worst cheese steaks we have ever had. The roll, average at best, the meat, dry, tough, flavorless and not much of it. The worst steak sandwich we have ever eaten and we have eaten quite a few over the years. Expensive with no value. Will 
Not be back!
BEST CHEESESTEAK IN THE WORLD!!!
Yes, I said the world,  better than Pats, better than Genos, better than Jims, better than any place you've ever had an Effin cheesesteak!
I've been gettin a roni w/wiz, wit out for as long as I can remember and it's the best cuisine I've ever partaken in. Also get the spicy fries wit a side of American.  
If I had 3 wishes, 2 of them would be for  a Steve's steak and the 3rd would be for more wishes.
GOD BLESS  STEVES AND GOD BLESS AMERICA
Steve's good, but they get 2 stars for 1 reason......for what they charge there should be more meat on the roll; I shouldn't have to pay extra for what they term a double-meat" sandwich, something I can get elsewhere for considerably less. It does taste good, just too expensive for what they charge. I only stop here if I am out & about in the area & don't feel like driving somewhere else.
Coming from out of town and having the urge of finding the best cheesesteak in the Philly area (come on now who doesn't?) I really really did my due diligence to find the best one possible.

Here is the list of what I went through before settling on Steve's:

Pat, Geno's (the first two are tourist traps I know I know), Tony Luke's, Tony DeNic's, Jimmy's, Johnny's Roast Pork, DeAllesandro's, Chink's (uh yeah interesting name), Pudges, Chubby's....

After all the filtering we settled on Steve's Prince of Steaks, a spot located about 15+ miles northeast of the Philly downtown area.

Food:  The "steak" was nothing like I envisioned.  You have 7-9 thinly sliced pieces of steaks that are 1/2 the side of your palm spread across the bread.  These slices are grilled from scratch the moment you order so in that sense it is "freshly" prepared.  I added in provolone, mushrooms, onions, and hot peppers as my condiments.  

As I took my first bite, I could not help but compare this to the Italian Beef that I have in chicago.  The Italian Beef is very juicy (dripping juicy), well seasoned, and the giardiniera hot peppers add a spice kick to the sandwich that I absolutely love.  Although I found Steve's Steaks to be very well prepared and of great quality (meat, bread, cheese, mushrooms and all), I found it to be way too bland to my liking.  It's certainly above average, but there is nothing "special" about it either.  

Perhaps this is a difference in tastes and preferences with those in Philly (do you guys like blander food?) and while I can appreciate why people like this sandwich ..I just can't find a strong liking enough for me to justify a trip all the way from downtown Philly.

A solid 4*.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place considering how many times I've been here. This is my brothers favorite cheesesteak in Philly. I'd say it's up there but not my fave. Don't make fun of me for my cheese whiz choice today. It's not my usual option but I was craving salty goodness. My usual is American wit. This place definitely gets the roll right, it's nice and soft. This is whole steak not chopped. They used to have the peppers and pickles on the counter but due to Covid, you now have to ask but they're still free of charge. I personally dislike the two different lines for steaks then sides/fries and drinks. No one wants to wait in line twice but they do it that way for when the lines are long to pump the steaks out fast. This was my first and probably last time getting the pizza fries, I'll stick to the regular cheese fries for now on.
Simply the best! 

If you are looking for the Philly Cheese Steak, you might not be able to find anything better! Delicious till the last tiny morsels. French fries and onion rings are available in different styles. Also has a "condiments bar" so you can spice up you steak any way you like. 

This is our "must have" stop when traveling to Philadelphia.
I'm born and raised in South Philly. I remember when Genos (not Pats) was really good. I moved to the northeast and found Steve's. Definitely the best steaks (not chopped) with wiz.
Just okay. 

Came in a Monday afternoon, wasn't busy. Note it is street parking. 

Order: 
Cheese steak with mushroom and sweet peppers 
Chocolate cherry soda (pretty tasty) 

Steak are thin slices, not the biggest fan. I prefer shredder beef at 

I do like that they have a condiment station to put to your liking. 

Note they are a cash only.
In the battle of cheesesteaks it is all about personal preference. 

This is hands down my favorite place so far... Let's compare.

Steve's Prince of Steaks: My usual is an Extra Wiz, witout, pepperoni and a side of their amazing shaved pickles.

-The rolls are great.
-The meat is great and sliced (not chopped) and they give you a lot!
-Great wiz
-Toppings bar is a plus (have to try the shaved pickles.)

Other favorites here are these cheese fries. Cooked when ordered and topped with wiz. If I am really wanting to go all out, another great option is the Pizza Steak with Pepperoni (clearly I love pepperoni).

Why I like this over others:

Jim's - Yuck! Taste like steak-ums from the freezer, filled with disgusting grease, and chopped so much it seems like the label would read Ingredients: Beef flavored Grease and Imitation Meat

Geno's - Has great rolls and the sliced steak, but lacks in quantity of meat.

Pat's - My second favorite, the meat is chopped and they give a lot of it, but does not compare to Steve's. 

Tony Luke's - Have not tried, but from what I hear it won't beat Steve's.
This my to go place for Philly cheese steak. I've been coming here for years and finally decided to write a review. I thought that this place was better than Genos or Pats but my recent experience wasn't how I remembered it previously.  The establishment itself is pretty small but they added some tables outside for additional sitting. Although it's street parking, it's not impossible to find. 

If you want cheese steak, you order in one window and if you want sides, you have to order in another window. The cheese steaks run for about $9. I believe that it's also CASH ONLY. You can get toppings yourself and they have little containers for you to put them in. My favorite were the pickles and the banana peppers. Our food came out pretty quickly. The cheese steaks were good but I was a bit disappointed in the amount of meat that they give you. I remember when they used to give you a lot more. We also got cheese fries and hot fries. I wasn't a big fan of the cheese fries and the hot fries were just ok as they didn't put much seasoning.
No no no I don't eat cheesesteaks but this review will be on their veg hoagie they have as an option. I might be the only person here to review something like this. This is the one thing that also makes this place more awesomeness is that they have variety even for their veggie customers unlike other similar businesses. I love how they offer this as a matter of fact so when there is a group of us that's craving for Steve's I don't have to feel left out and I can order something here as well. This one of my fav spots to order a veg hoagie. They grill all their veggies and then top it into their oh so good rolls for only half the price of their cheesesteaks 4 bucks!
For a center city spot, it looks more like a prison than a restaurant     Sandwiches are all bread.  Not worth the trip unless it is the only place that is open.  Even then, McDonalds on Walnut St is better.
One if my favorite cheese steak places in the city. Always go with the american wit... & ketchup of course. If you like cheese steaks definitely try steves! You wont be disappointed.
Best cheese steak possibly anywhere (as I'm sure most reviews of steak places also say .... )  OK, here is what really separates steves from a lot of other places:
1.  The steak is cut trimmed slabs, not that chopped up stuff which is from an inferior cut of meat and just not as tasty
2.  3 words; MELTED AMERICAN CHEESE  every other place I've been to has slices of american rather than melted which is just not right .....

There are a lot of places almost as good but no other place I've ever been (which is probably about 90% of the places anywhere around philly in my lifetime) is as good as the prince. period.
If I am getting a cheesesteak, I am going to Steve's. I like to make my reviews a bit more lengthy and detailed if possible, but all that has to be said is if you eat steak, and haven't tried Steve's Prince, you NEED to.
I am a Die hard cheese-steak animal. Steves is by far the best. Always solid portions of meat, cheese and onions. If this was located closer to CC it would put all the big neon light places out of business. Its that good. Every-time. I think the worst steak I ever had at Steves would be a 4 star. If your looking for a good steak then Steves is a must.
Here it is: the best cheese steak in Philadelphia.

You're welcome.
As a native Philadelphian, cheesesteak is my birthright. I do not waste my time at 9th and Passayunk. I do not order my steaks with Provolone. If you try to serve me a "Philly steak sandwich" with peppers on it I will cut you. 

And Steve's is where it's at. 

Roll in and read the wall, it will teach you everything you need to know. (If you want the Cliff's Notes: Wiz Wit. You're welcome.) Steaks at one window, fries and drinks at the next. Get the cheese fries with wiz, they are excellent, and make sure to grab some pickles. Then sit back and enjoy, knowing that you are partaking in a long and glorious culinary history. 

Long live the Prince!
On our way into Philly for the weekend, we decided to stop at Steve's Prince of Steaks. I did research and knew I did not want Geno's or Pat's, and I had read good things about Steve's. 

We finally arrived and found a spot on the road to park. We made our way in, there were only about 2 or 3 other people inside and no line. We each got a steak with whiz and onions and also split cheese fries. So good. The cheesesteak was much longer than I thought it would be but I pounded that thing in record time. The fries were coated with whiz and were so filling but delicious.

It's definitely a hole in the wall but that is not a bad thing at all and would love love love to return whenever I make my way down to Philly again.
I'm glad Steve's isn't closer because I'd probably eat one everyday. Oh wait, it's opening a new location in center city. I take that back. I have better self control than that. My go-to cheesesteaks used to be Tony Lukes, Geno's or Pat's, but Steve's is so much better. I can't describe how it tastes better, but it just does. I've had it twice so far and can't believe I haven't discovered it sooner. Unfortunately, it's in the northeast and I'm in south philly. 

Oh well, I don't need more cholesterol in my life.
For years my old man would take me to Pat's or Geno's before or after a Flyers game. Then i'd get them for myself at the local Lee's Hoagie House. Finally I got turned onto Steve's about 5 yrs ago and life has never been the same. I used to go to the one near the Nabisco Factory, but this review is about the one near Oxford Valley Mall. 

Everything about this place is done right. And it all starts with the roll. I mean steak + cheese and maybe some onions shouldn't be that hard to F up right? Then whycome you can't find a decent steak sandwich anywhere but Philly? Its all about the bread my friends. The water in Philly, jerz, and NYC are the best in the country. I cry for people that eat at Subway and the like. 

Anyway back to Steve's..... The rolls are PERFECT, the meat is grade A and sliced thin and layered, not all chopped up like other places. The cheese is a pure liquid goodness that they use a soup laddle to drip over the concotion. I always go with the American cheese sauce "wit" (w grilled onions) and mushrooms. They have some great yellow banana peppers at a condiment stand that I like to toss into the 'wich too. The cheese fries are bomb. And please, know what you want when u get to the window, cause your holding shit up if you don't.

Now please open up an operation in NYC!
Went here as part of our whirlwind tour of CheeseSteak joints on our latest trip to Philly.  It's kind of in the middle of nowhere but it is worth the drive.  There weren't any crazy lines like the places in South Philly.  We were able to park right outside.  I like that they cook your sandwich fresh when you order and they aren't ignorant about the wording you use when you order.  This was definitely more of a meal than Geno's.  The steak seemed a little more fatty but being there was easily 3 times as much meat I would go here over one of the other places.
Hands down the best of the Cheesteak'eries.  Forget the dueling 'unnamed' south Philly joints unless you are a tourist and want a photo op...  After you get the picture and realize its a pain to park, drive up here.  Wit, witout, whiz, moz, whatev.... get what you like, but DO get an american fry and a 'cherry' drink.  That's my rec.    Honestly though,  the cheesesteak as strictly a culinary experience will let you down (gently.)  its great, but the awesome has to do with it's celebrity status and the 'atmosphere'.  I've taken many out-of-towners here and they usually love it, but were expecting flavors previously unknown.  Its Philly to the core, and I will always love it.  But I will always love it from Steve's.
Way back in 1982 I was coming home from a date and passed Steve's Steaks.  I believe it just opened. Shortly thereafter I would drop my date of 15 minutes early and I would save $3.35 so I could grab a steak on the way home and still get there by curfew. I still remember her standing there asking why I could not stay at her place just a few minutes more ....

Then, in 1986, I led 6 carloads on a 90 mile road trip from college just to eat steak sandwiches on a Friday night.

In 1992 I moved 55 miles north and now look for any excuse to make it to Steve's. If I am coming down 95 from NY to DC, I'll go the 40 miles extra to divert to Steve's. If I leave PHL airport, and I have an extra hour, I'll run up to the northeast for one these great sandwiches.  

The sliced rib meat is always fresh, sliced at the right thickness and cooked until juicy.  The rolls collapse under pressure and yet never get too sort or soggy.  The jars of peppers, pickles and sauce are the perfect compliment.  Whiz wit is my preference but try "pizza, whiz wit" for a real taste explosion.

My only disappointment is the fries.  They're good but come from a bag.  Fries made from fresh potatoes would make an awesome meal even better.
The second my plane touched down in Philly, I prepared myself to go on a quest for the best Philly cheesesteak.  Not really knowing where to go, I tried Pat's.  I thought "what a great cheesesteak".  I told my cousin the next day and he insisted to take me to "THEEE BEST" cheesesteak in town, Steve's.  He ordered for me.  He looked more excited than I was.  When he handed me my humongous sandwich I noticed he ordered it with whiz.  Yes, CHEESE WHIZ!  OH YEAH! I unwrapped and devoured that baby in minutes.  Steve's cheesesteak was BOMB DIGGITY!  I can't wait to go back! 

Although the cheesesteaks here in SF aren't as good as Steve's, now I only order cheesesteaks with chesse whiz.  It ain't the same without it.
I recently decided that I'm on a mission to try every cheesesteak I come across in Philly, and this weekend I saw this place on the side of the road so I pulled over!

I think this is the holy grail of cheesesteak. You can tell that this place gets a lot of local customers, they had a line of people who all knew exactly what to order.

Steak - Wiz and Onions! This is a really good combination, all hot and melted together. I can see myself eating here alot. Definitely one of the best I've had so far.
Delicious cheesesteak. It seemed pretty lean (in a good way), true to the sign in the store that says they hand-cut their meat to trim the fat.

This is how delicious their cheesesteak + cheese whiz is: my sis, who was determined not to like Philly cheesesteaks, took one bite & fell in love.  She is a picky eater & doesn't even eat much meat, but Steve's had her hooked. BOOM. Fin.
In 2013, I have to say that they're still awesome!  I can't believe that some people would actually think that the South Philly joints like Tony Luke's can be better!?!?  

First of all, Steve's P.O.S uses real slabs of beef as opposed to shredded beef and there's more taste to it with the fried onions.  Consistency is the key to them since the 90s until now.   

Side note:  Items that should be eaten on premise are the:
Pizza steak & cheese fries - should be eaten right away or else it gets too soggy and soaks up the bread.  Not advisable for takeouts.
