This Steve's Prince of Steaks is on Comly Road, just off northbound Roosevelt Boulevard, Somerton, PA, in the far Northeast of the city. If possible, it is even smaller than my regular Steve's on Rt. 1 in Langhorne. There are two windows within. One for ordering your sandwich, for which they have posted a long list of rules to follow to get what you want, and the other only for fries and drinks. Like the rest, the burden is on you to know what you're doing, or face the consternation of the staff and your fellow steak lovers. Not an enviable place to be.

I ordered two "cheesesteaks wit provolone," meaning I wanted two sandwiches with fried onions and provolone cheese. I like the Wiz, too, but preferred the extra mellowness offered by the hard white variation. It set me back $25+. Not unexpected, but I'd be lying if I didn't do a double clutch before paying the dude taking my business. 

Normally, we would eat right along the walls at the Langhorne joint, but this shop was smaller and without short shelves and stools. We took them home to consume. These guys are fast and efficient, and it was fun to watch them work through the greasy glass window that separates kitchen from customers. It would have been a thoroughly enjoyable moment, but for Mr. Priss shouting not to take photos (after the last one). 

Oh, me. Oh, my! Have to protect those state secrets. 

At home, we added our own banana pepper rings to bring up the burn; the pickle bar being removed as a casualty of COVID. It was love at first bite. Great cross section of taste and texture as we incisored through the excellent torpedo roll, cheese and ribeye. My wife and I shared one sandwich, and left the other for her still growing son (6'3"). 

I have no dog in the fight between the chopped vs. solid slice approach to this Philly delicacy. I like them both ways, as long as the beef used is high quality. Steve's is among my faves, but with every pizza shop making their own version, we are really living in Cheesesteak Heaven around here. The worst one in the Philadelphia region is better than anything anywhere else.
I am just not a fan of cheesesteaks where the steak is not chopped up and mixed with onions/pepper/what-not on the grill. 

On the plus side they are super generous with the cheese so no need to order extra here. The roll was so-so. 

The place is pretty small with a bar style seating area along the outside of the room. It is a little odd to order and pay for your steak at one window and then have to walk over and place your drink/fries order and pay again at a separate window. Maybe it makes sense when the place is super busy but it was quiet when I went.
So when u come to Steve's you get what I think Philly and Cheesesteaks are all about....deliciousness and no fuss. Some of the other more popular names in Philly are pretty gross to me (as an original Jersey girl), and worse the service is almost nasty  because they are so busy, they legitimately don't care if you eat there or not. At Steve's the service is always friendly (but not excessively, Philly friendly...lol), and the food is always on point!

I always get my steak with real cheese and raw onions - yes, let's makeout after. Also do not skip out on the cheese fries, they are perfectly fried and I'm pretty sure made fresh there.  Also it doesn't hurt that they are attached to a good bar next door if you want to grab a drink right after your sandwich (or before...or both!). Generally I grab food here to go up with me to the 'burbs, so this particular spot is awesome.

For me the cheesesteak battle is always Steve's vs Campos not Gino's versus Pat's. Hit them all up and decide for yourself!
Nothing ground breaking here, this was my first experience with a SPOS steak.  It's a good Philly style steak, that comes at a reasonable price.  It's not as Hollywood as some other steak joints in the city.  It's just off of Roosevelt blvd, and it's a fairly easy in and out.  The building also has a tavern attached to it, which I didn't have time to check out.  I arrived around 5:00 on a Friday and the bar was pretty busy and parking was at a premium.  I walked into the take out area of Steve's and there were a few people in line to order, but not a long wait whatsoever.  The service was super friendly.  I ordered the standard: a whiz wit.  Translation for the non-Philadelphians:  a cheese steak on a roll with cheese whiz and fried onions.  The take out area was clean, with about a dozen stools seated around a stainless steel bar.  I choose to get my steak to eat in.  My streak was prepared to my liking in about 5 minutes.  It wasn't as fast as other places, where you order and they throw it out the window to you.   I don't worry about that because I didn't have to wait in a huge line.  I did appreciate the very well stocked condiment bar that included: hot sauce, ketchup, mustard, sliced pickles (which were almost half sours in my opinion and very good), sliced banana peppers, whole cherry pepper and my absolute favorite on a cheese steak, the cockroach pepper.  The cockroach peppers are dried chili peppers that have such good flavor.  I tend to always put too many on my steak, they are hot, but I love the smokey heat addition to my sandwich.  The steak meat was sliced not chopped.  It was served with a very gracious amount of delicious diced fried onions.  There was enough cheese whiz on it to account for four napkins.  The roll was fresh and Philly quality.  Overall the steak was great.  4 out of 5, five being the best steak I've ever had.  If the meat was chopped and there was. more of it, I'd give a 5.  The chopped meat is just my personal preference.  The meat itself was a quality ribeye.  There was no knuckle meat here, it was all tender. The quantity of meat was OK, I prefer more, but for the price, I'd say it is just fine.  

The counter man was friendly and kind.  He was polite, thanked everyone and kept the steaks rolling out.  Some steak joints have rude and miserable workers, but not here.  You will not be sent to the back of the line for an improper order at SPOS.

So here we are at the conclusion and I've said it was a 4 star experience.  That was until I got my cherry soda.  All the good steak shops in Philly serve the iconic cherry fountain soda.  My cherry fountain soda for the first couple sips tasted great.  The soda I love is a semi sweet tart cherry soda that I can usually only find at the steak shops.  After about four sips I tasted something familiar to me, just not very pleasing.  I believe it was the ice.  The ice tasted like the chlorinated pool water at the Bethlehem YMCA.  I was taken back to thoughts of swimming lesson at the YMCA when I was 6 and 7 years old.  It was unpleasant and not good.  I couldn't finish my soda, that I very much was looking forward to.  I don't know if they just cleaned the ice machine and didn't rinse it or if it needs to be cleaned.  In any event, my soda was undrinkable.

In conclusion, great service, really good steak.  If you are drinking a fountain soda, beware, you make be drinking pool water.
The food is great!  The problem with this place is the staff.  Often heard making remarks about customers.

Feb 19th I arrived 15 minutes before closing.  The doors are clearly marked push and pull but the door labeled pull was locked.  The staff could clearly see I wasn't able to open the door and they were all laughing.  The guy working the grill called me a Douc*e.  I asked him what's up with the doors?  He reply's people just don't get it.  I get it loud and clear.  Don't come to Steve's 15 minutes before closing we don't want you here.  So I proceeded to show him the door was locked and he offered no apologies for his lack of professionalism.  

This isn't the first time I've had a problem with the staff at this Steve's.  Simply put they aren't friendly or professional.  On many occasions they close before the advertised time and it's obvious they are quite comfortable treating customers bad.


I won't be going back.  I'd rather go up the street to the wit or witout or drive 20 minutes to Geno's if its late!

This could be a 5 star review...Horrible staff drops it to 1 star!


Update 8-14-15 

Came in at 11:43 pm

Fry window displays closed due to cleaning.   Couldn't it wait till after closing?  Guess not epic fail!
The Cheesesteak Perfected

I consider myself a "steak sandwich snob". I've eaten at every steak shop you can think of in the City of Philadelphia. I refuse to eat anyplace outside a 30 mile radius of Billy Penn and if the menu says "Philly" or "Philly-style" cheesesteak, I'd rather eat my shoe. 

I am a LOYAL subject of the Prince, be it the original location or the Comly Rd one which is closer to me.

I always order a "pizza, prov, without". At Steve's, the sandwich melts in your mouth. Very little chewing needed. It's not chopped up Steak'ums style horse meat here. F@$% Pat's and their ilk. This is the real deal. Top grade meat and worth the price. I honestly believe it is the cheesesteak perfected. 

Whenever friends and family come in from out of town with a hankering for a steak sandwich, I take them immediately to Steve's. A few I've taken to get steaks elsewhere after Steve's. They weren't happy. I got them hooked!
Whenever I come to philly (which is not often) I always have to get, for obvious reasons, a Philly cheese steak. And of course I get it from Steves'. I'm usually lucky because whenever I visit steves has to convenient locations nearby.

If you're not from the area I'd suggest coming to steves. They only accept cash though. But the good thing is they have an ATM inside. The cheese steaks will cost you anywhere from $10 - $13 (I want to say) depending on what you get.

Be warned! Cheese steaks are messy. Which isn't a bad thing, I'm just letting you guys know get a lot of napkins!
It will also fill you up without a doubt. It's a great portion size.
I stopped here last night after a concert for a late night snack.  There wasn't a line so we were helped right away.  

There is a small "seating area" but I use this term loosely because there is a small counter top and about 10 stools. All of the stools were occupied when we were there so we took our food to go.

I ordered a cheese steak with American cheese without onions and an order of fries.  There was about a ten minute wait for food.  The cheesesteak was just ok and the fries were very bland (a little bit of salt and they would be much better).

Would I visit again?  Maybe.  Maybe when I'm drunk, hungry at 1 AM and I'm not too concerned about what I eat.
Being a cheese steak lover, I must say hands down at being in my top 3 places for having a cheese steak. I wish I lived closer so I could have it once a week!
Steve's may be the Prince of Steaks, but it's King of the far Northeast.  I've been coming here for years and is my neighborhood favorite.  It's always clean and quick service when going in there.  There's never a big line, but there's always people in there when you go.  I got my usual cheesesteak with whiz and fried onions.  The roll is very fresh, a little on the softer side, but more than sturdy enough to not break apart.  The steak isn't chopped, but a little thicker and in medium sized pieces about the size of the palm of your hand.  As for the size of it, the roll is quite long.  Unfortunately, it lacks in the amount of the meat you get.  Maybe it's an illusion because of the style of steak it is.  I'm curious to know how much weight it is versus some other big name places that chop it up.  As for the taste of it, it's delicious.  The meat is a  good quality and full of flavor.  It's not too overly seasoned and really let's the meat flavor the entire sandwich.  The whiz is spread on the roll instead of dumped on the whole thing.  It isn't overwhelming and is the perfect amount.  The onions add a tasty compliment and proportioned nicely throughout the steak.  I also got a side of their "hot and spicy" fries, which are regular fries with a spicy seasoning.  My one gripe is how they serve the fries.  No matter how you get it, eat in or to go, they always serve them in a small container and wrapped in paper.  I've been coming here for so long it's always been like that.  To management-- get some real to go containers for the fries!!!
Best cheesesteak in Philly. The meat is sliced instead of chopped, the cheese to meat ratio is perfect, and the fried onions and sweet peppers give just the right amount of bite. The rolls are nice, too. 

The menu is fairly extensive for a cheesesteak place and includes oddities such as chocolate soda and pizza rolls (Yum! I thought you could only get those at chinese food places, guess not!)

The service isn't the friendliest but that won't stop me from coming here.

This establishment is cash only. There is an ATM inside should you need it
I'm a local. Been dining here for over 15 years. Tonight, I was yelled out by the staff/cook for ordering a pork roll. Specifically, "Why you ordering a pork roll? You live in Philly!" Last time I checked, Pork Roll is a Philly food! Minutes later, I was questioned by another employee, "Who ordered the pork roll?!" (In disgust). If you don't want to cook my philly pork roll sandwich, then don't put it on the menu! Such rude employees!!! And for your business, the pork roll sandwich was for my 11 year old son, who can't eat red meat! Thanks, Jerks! Also need to mention, the cashier was very polite and did not make us feel guilty for ordering a sandwich that was on the menu!
OMG The cheese steaks are so good. Most Definitely a wiz-with is my favorite, 

I like how you can grab few containers and add some hot peppers, Packles and other sides for your steak. And great how you can watch them make your steak. 

Your looking at about $15 for for steak, fries, soda. Not to bad. Well worth it. And won't be disappointed in good food.
If you prefer the non chopped cheesesteak this is one of the best.  Its affordable and fast.  I'm a glutton when it comes to cheese steaks and I usually ordered two but now I just get the double meat.  Steve's has several locations and #1 on my list for non chopped steaks.
As much I wanted to like Steve's Prince of Steaks cheesesteak I really saw and tasted nothing that really wow me. 

It was just an ordinary cheesesteak that you can get anywhere in Philadephia. Don't get me wrong it was still decent cheesesteak, but my expectations when I'm in Philly is to have a really good cheesesteak.
In the battle of cheesesteaks it is all about personal preference. 

This is hands down my favorite place so far... Let's compare.

Steve's Prince of Steaks: My usual is an Extra Wiz, witout, pepperoni and a side of their amazing shaved pickles.

-The rolls are great.
-The meat is great and sliced (not chopped) and they give you a lot!
-Great wiz
-Toppings bar is a plus (have to try the shaved pickles.)

Other favorites here are these cheese fries. Cooked when ordered and topped with wiz. If I am really wanting to go all out, another great option is the Pizza Steak with Pepperoni (clearly I love pepperoni).

Why I like this over others:

Jim's - Yuck! Taste like steak-ums from the freezer, filled with disgusting grease, and chopped so much it seems like the label would read Ingredients: Beef flavored Grease and Imitation Meat

Geno's - Has great rolls and the sliced steak, but lacks in quantity of meat.

Pat's - My second favorite, the meat is chopped and they give a lot of it, but does not compare to Steve's. 

Tony Luke's - Have not tried, but from what I hear it won't beat Steve's.
The cheesesteaks here are fine, just fine. Nothing to write home about.

That being said, every once in a blue moon I get the itch to return to Steve's Prince of Steaks and chow down on a sandwich with one of their chocolate sodas. It's a bit of an acquired taste, but if you're into trying new sodas it's worth a shot. 

Their meat is not finely minced as to my liking. However, unlike other places who have tough, hard to chew meat, the meat here is tender and easy to swallow. There isn't a ton of gristle in their meat like at other places I've been to, which I thank them for. I also like that the cheese is always properly melted on the sandwich. The rolls are also fine, not really memorable but not bad either. If I have one real gripe it's that the kid serving sodas and fries was using his gloved hands to take money, and then without changing gloves started preparing food; kind of gross. Otherwise the service here is good and not nearly as rude as some other steak joints. 

Keep in mind this is probably the best cheesesteak in the Northeast. In my mind that title used to belong to the Steak and Hoagie Factory on Philmont, but since that location closed this place reigns supreme. While you might not be wowed with the sandwiches here, you won't be disappointed, and you'll definitely be full.
This steak was awesome! The only gripe I have is there was no more provolone or fried onions! You'd think those things would be plentyful in a cheese steak place...that is their specialty but my sandwich with sweet peppers, mushrooms and American cheese was still on point... they don't salt the fries so be sure to add some before you leave with those crispy golden gems!
Being from South Jersey you always hear best Philly cheesesteaks from people but never know what's really the best. Our friends told us to try Steve's and I am certainly glad we did. Steve's is a small food joint in Philly that you walk up to the counter and order. They have many different selections of cheesesteaks. Everyone likes the "Wiz" but I prefer Provolone on my cheesesteak. On the side of the counter is open options for hot or sweet peppers, and other choices. I took a picture for you all to see. The other counter is for fries and drinks. There is a small counter area to eat. They definitely should consider expanding the eating area. The staff was super friendly. The place was definitely authentic and gave that Philly vibe.
Another solid trip to Steve's. Two whiz with runs you a cool $20. Highly recommend when getting take out cheese fries to get the cheese on the side. Don't forget the cherry coke. Meal for 2 under $30.
I've tried Pat's. Gino's. Tony Luke's. All the places you see on TV. They're not bad. But as far as my Philly peeps are concerned, there's only one place to get a cheese steak. Steve's. And with good reason. This place makes a meeean sandwich. Those popular places definitely do things well, but Steve's manages to get all the elements right. 

Even cheese whiz, something I find usually overwhelms the flavor of the meat, Steve's somehow makes it work. Most of the time I get mine with either American or Provolone and fried onions and then load it up with those smoked hot peppers! They'll wreck your stomach but man, I love those things. 

The best way to eat it though? Take it home (it can handle the drive back to NY) and douse it with sriracha. Cheese and sriracha together is a magical thing. Mmmm. Mouth watering just thinking about it.
Great Cheesesteak from the Northeast, I love the Wiz without, and the Texas Tommy!  It's hard not to stop in for Cheesesteak when I drive by.  Fast and Friendly service everytime!   Steve's Sandwich's are always fresh and hot!
I live right outside Philly and love cheesesteaks.  I have been to every cheesesteak place you can think of and I keep going back to Steves.  The others are all good but Steves is the best. It's not nearly as well know as the others but packs a huge punch in the cheesesteak fight. I highly recommend giving Steves a shot.
Steve's is the FINEST suburban Philadelphia cheese steak joint. Although I'm not a Philly native by any stretch, I do have a Philly native as my best friend. After traveling to Abington for said gentleman's engagement party, we took a family trip to Steve's, a neighborhood favorite. This place has a classy 1950's diner look, which makes sense because its been here forever. 

The cheese steaks. Are BOMB. The steak is laid out generously, with plenty of wiz or american cheese + onions and/or mushrooms and/or peppers for your dining delight. I devoured mine with plenty of marinated chiles and a few banana peppers for good measure. The hero bread is best toasted, and never fails to satisfy. Portions are great, but I would recommend sharing fries with some friends if you're in the mood for them too.

All in all, this is the finest cheese steak outside of Philly, possibly the finest cheese steak period. Strongly recommend!
Good god, now THIS is some great steak!

Now that I got my Wit or Witout review out of the way, let's focus on the joint that that place aspires to be and screws up in each and every way.  

I had driven past Steve's every day, but really didn't know a lot about it. So I did what we all do; I got online and did a search for reviews of the place. Lo and behold, it gets ace marks across the board, not only here on Yelp, but everywhere else someone can write a food review and share it with the planet.

I was wary only because I had had the nasty trash meat of Wit or Witout and saw that Steve's didn't chop up the steaks for their sandwiches as well. But, then again, I figured if anyone knew who had great steam samitches in Philly that it would be fellow citizens, because as we all know, you can grab a cheesesteak from basically any spot you'd care to. It just depends on what level of quality you're seeking.

So I finally decided to go to Steve's and throw down. I ordered one American wit, and one American witout as my partner in food exploration isn't a fan of onions. The dudes working there were super nice and got my samitches ready in no time. I hopped in the car, and dammit, people, the aroma filled my Camry and I almost cried.

Got 'em home and we dug in. Holy mother of god, this was indeed possibly the best steak samitch I've had since moving to Philly however many years ago it's been. Now, when it comes to the classic chopped style of steak samitch, I swear by Ishkabibble's. But this...THIS may even usurp that, which is mind shattering to me.

I went back two more times after the initial journey. Same samitch second time as well as third, but with the fries and regaled cherry soda added. 

And the fries...the FRIES! What is this magic oil these dudes are frying the fries in? They have a taste unlike any other I've had.  They were tasty without ketchup, and just as good with. I'd rank those fries up there pretty damn high, as well, and I've had my share of great fries on this planet. 

As the kids say, the cherry soda was dope. I'll definitely have it again.

So yeah, this location is great. Nice people working there, as well as being fast and efficient. Samitches have been great when I've gone and the joint was crowded, as well as when I was the fist one there for the day. 

Oh! And I also dig the condiment bar. Love those cherry peppers and the insanely hot dried peppers. But I really dig putting that weird hot sauce on my samitches! What is that stuff? It has no taste; it's just hot! It's perfect!

I haven't tried any of the other fare at Steve's, but if it's as good as the steak samitches, I'm sure it's insanely tasty. This location on Comly is closest to me, so I haven't checked out the original store, or the Langhorne location, but I can safely say if you're in the NE side of town, don't bother with any place else for steak samitches. Steve's Prince of Steaks is the best, no contest.
Pretty awesome...very good cheesesteaks at very fair prices!  Steve's gets the job done. I stop there whenever I am in the zip code. I couldn't find anything to complain about, even if I wanted to. Friendly, helpful staff, etc.!

I wolf-down my cheesesteak off the hood of my truck...like a raccoon...so wave if you see me in the parking lot (lol)!  The portions will fill you up, but that's good, right?  (NO credit cards, I'm told, but that's never as issue for me anyway).

Anecdote: I took my daughter there once, and 5 weeks later it was her birthday & I asked her where she wanted to go for her B'Day Dinner.  I was thinking she'd say "Olive Garden" or some such.  Nope, she says "Take me to Steve's for another Cheesesteak."  True story!  :)
Going down hill!! These young kids are not trained right, or just don't listen. Spicy fries well done please... Under cooked fries with hardly any seasoning on them. Mushroom cheese steak. Fry mushrooms please..... More mushrooms than steak, raw mushrooms, sandwich had so much cheese the roll was soaked. I'll boycott for awhile and see if they get they're shit together.
Pretty decent.  I don't think it would cut it in philly proper.  They do the sliced steak and there wasn't much of it and it didn't have much flavor.  The rolls were acceptable and the whiz was fine but also uninspiring.  The big plus was the whole condiment station: banana peppers, pickled cukes, hot sauce etc.  Service was on the money.

Bottom line: In my hometown of Lancaster, PA, this would be a five star, but I was too close to philly...
Best cheesesteaks in Phila,  no doubt.  Fries w/ wiz,  u can't beat it.  Excellent
Hello to my new go to cheesesteak place in NE Philly!

An awesome blend of meat, wiz, onions, and peppers on great bread that sing in perfect harmony! The spicy fries were pretty spectacular as well... Cooked to order with generous amounts of seasoning.

Cash only (ATM inside) and plenty of parking.
The place bites the big one ! 
       I hate a cheesesteak that's  not cut up. It seems in addition to that, they just heave the cheese right on there. Their roll was nothing better than a roll from WaWa. I'm disappointed with the place. Now I see why they're open so late & that's because their trying to make some money after the bars close down or from the people who smoke pot, hoping they'll get the MUNCHIES & stop there.
   I don't usually bash a place like this but ~ I have to tell the truth when i strongly beleive in something but  you never have to wait in line because there isn't one. Sorry Steve, but you goitta get on the ball if you wanna make some money. And there's lots of money to be made.
  Someone else stated Chink's......very good, another one is  Frusco's on Frankford Ave in Mayfair. For a damn good hoagie, I recommend  Primo's at Hellerman & Frankford & another is Jack's Hoagies on Hegerman Street, I think that's in lower Mayfair, east of Frankford Avenue.
The steaks are amazing. I just get a cheese steak with fried onions. The cheese fries are delicious as well. Not the best environment and the staff isn't super friendly but I just get my steak to go and it's good enough for me!
Love this spot. Truly one if not the best cheese steak spot in Philly. I live in NY and I take the trip no matter the time to to enjoy one or 2 of their steaks. You must try them, genos nd pats is a tourist attraction because of the hype but if you want a really delicious cheese steak come here instead. You will not be disappointed
Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia!! Our staple stop on our way home from the shore or 95!! Staff is always super friendly!! Make sure to grab a bunch of napkins as the goodness often oozes out! Great sides of pickles and pickles available!!
Being from California, I've only ever had pale imitation cheesesteaks.  Prince of steaks was amazing.  The steak was cooked to perfection, the american cheese was oozy perfection, and the bread was definately not too soggy.  The only other cheesesteak I've had in Philly was at the bar next door to Steve's.  While I enjoy the bar, the cheesesteak wasn't close to what Steve's has to offer.  In conclusion... amazingly delicious.
Simply put, I had the best Steak Hoagie of my life here.  No pressure when ordering, friendly staff, and superb steak.  If I'm ever back in Philly, I'll be hitting this place up again for sure.
So, they don't serve chicken cheesesteaks after 11 apparently... but the guy at the window tonight prolly didn't need to be so rude about it. I'll go elsewhere from now one.
Tried this place at the urging of some locals. It sits adjacent to the boulevard and traffic can be a bother to get in and out. 
One inside you will notice that it is pretty small inside and there are 2 walk up order windows - 1 is for sandwiches and the other for fries and drinks. 
I had the Philly steak with cheese and onions. Great tasting sandwich, but I was surprised as to how little meat there was in it - guess that's why you have the option for double meat. The sand which is 12.00 then if you want fries (plain) it's another 4.00 then add a drink. There is a sign prominently placed stating that they cannot provide refills because of the Mayors new "sugar" tax...what a joke. Not the businesses fault, but a joke nonetheless. 
I really enjoyed the sand which and would come back again.
One of the worst steak sandwiches I ever had, don't know what the hype is all about!!!!
Love the guys who work here. They are great at making cheesesteaks and have fun with the customers. Wouldn't go anywhere else for a cheesesteak around this area! Plus they use the real steak and not that chopped shit they use elsewhere.
Absolutely the best cheese steaks in and around Philadelphia. Hand trimmed beef that has basically no fat, fresh rolls, and american cheese in whiz form. I prefer this location as it's a bit cleaner than the original. In the decade I have been coming here I only recall thinking that I waited too long maybe 1-2 times. Their pickles are awesome on the side, as are the round red and green hot peppers. Pizza fries also very amazing. A classic favorite, never fails. Pat's and Geno's don't stand a chance with a discerning tongue.
Great steaks, as mentioned elsewhere here, meat is not chopped, which to me is always best. Rolls are good, the store/waiting/eating area is pretty small, with the usual condiments (though I think it doesn't need any). I always get just a plain steak, no cheese or onions, and it is great. There was one time when it was a little gristly, but otherwise theirs have consistently been some of the best in the city. The only others I would rank as high as Steve's are Geno's and maybe Wit or Witout's (which isn't too far away if you want to do a taste comparison).


Service is usually pretty fast (although a little confusing compared to some of the other steak places in that you don't go to a different window to pick up your stuff. They have an ATM inside.
Love this place. They slice the steak thin not chipped as some other places. That is my preference others may like their steak chipped. Fast pleasant service. I've seen them water down the Cheese Whiz with water while waiting. Not sure if they do it to stretch it or to make it runnier. Either way once I saw them doing that I now go with provolone. My only issue anymore is the price. $10 for a cheesesteak seems high but it is a large sandwich and with an order of fries it can easily be shared by two.
Visit Philadelphia so I had to try the home town favorite Philly Cheesesteak!! After consulting with a few locals I found Steves's. I wasn't knocked of my feet but it was pretty good.  The steak was nicely cooked and tender, on a warm soft hoagie bun.
Steve's Steaks is my favorite Cheese Steak place.  Pat's and Geno's are for tourists or late night stops, but NE philly has two locations for fans of Steve's Steaks.  If you are coming in to visit Philly travel to the Northeast for the best Cheese Steak.  Others are good, but this is the best.
Still really good cheesesteaks. Stopped in to get two. I called my order ahead and it was ready when I went inside. The only reason it didn't get 5 is because they didn't enforce mask wearing or social distancing even though they posted a sign about masks being required. People standing there were ignorant and didn't take the pandemic seriously.
Usually I liked to go to Genos for a steak but... prince you have me addicted!! Everything was phenomenal and WE cannot wait to come back!!! I recomend the whizz with!! Btw, its cash only :)
Great place to come for fast and good steak. Would certainly come back to try more of there steaks and other stuff on the menu.
The steak is thinly sliced and not chopped. I was amazed by the guy flipping each individual slice. I got steak with American cheese and onions. It was absolutely delicious and hit the spot. They have a variety of condiments, which I love. I am going to be dreaming about here and am kinda upset I live so far.
This place is bar none, the best cheese steak in Philly. Any time someone tells you that their favorite is Ginos or Pats you tell them they are a tourist and they haven't had a good cheese steak in their lives until they have tried what a REAL cheese steak should taste like.
Steaks are pretty good but they dont use enough meat. And for some reason they only hire 18 to 20 something year old punks that act like they are too cool to be polite. The service turns me off I usually go to jims where the steaks are just as good and the people are friendly.
simply.....the best

sliced not chopped
liquid cheese
free toppings
great rolls

a little pricey but well worth it
So never having an authentic cheesesteak before in my life beyond Subway in Texas, which by the ways gross, I began sinking my teeth into this Prince of Steaks sandwich. At first I was thrown off by the said use of cheese whiz and then the bread was a little chewy, not soft like an Italian restaurant type bread. By about the 3rd or 4th bite, my brain began saying, "heck yeah baby!" I scarfed down the entire sandwich that I applied extra pickles to and a piping hot bag of fries with spice and warm cheese........soooooooooo good! You won't find these baby's in Texas!! I am sure going to miss this when I go home......... :-(
All I can say is that everything that was purchased was terrible.  The cheese fries had pubes in them. And the sandwiches tasted like they were left out all day and run over bye traffic. I will never waste my money on this location again
I have a lot of friends who don't live and Philly and who come visit me from time to time.  When they come to Philly and want a genuine cheesesteak I don't take them to Geno's and I don't take them to Pat's.  I take them to local joints like Steves.

Althought not my all time favorite steak place.  Steve's delivers on the important stuff. Your choice of cheeses (I hate wiz but it is an option for those who like it) and toppings.  Plus cold beverages and delicious fries etc.  They do have an exceptionally awesome chicken cheesesteak!
pats? genos? 

nope.

steve's is the best philly cheesteak. bar none.

get there before the lunch rush and the service is quick and your out the door, or if there's room sidle up to the counter and munch away.

it's close to the airport we fly into and i usually make it a point to carry a sack-full home for my closest fans.

I think the meat is better than the dueling cheese steaks choices offered down in the wholesale district. i think the publicity of their duel made them famous, not the food.

go steve!
As I came to Philadelphia I went and did the first thing you do when you visit for the first time.... "Try a Cheesesteak". I tried a lot different ones as I was here for five nights and I had to walk off the beaten path to find this place. It was not in downtown Philadelphia, it was in Trevose, PA!! You walk in and there is two walk up windows... One for the Cheesesteak and the other one is for your Fries and Drinks! I stepped up looked at the menu and noticed, you have to order this Cheesesteak a certain way.... "Let me a a WHIZ Steak With!" It's like I was from Philadelphia this whole time.. LOL!! I have to tell you it was amazing!! The steak was fresh and tender. The grilled onions were grilled perfectly and you add the melting cheese.... "Cheesesteak Heaven".  Don't let the mom and pop feel of the place run you off, Come on and try it!!!
I love Steve's steaks so much more than Pat's and Geno's! They don't get the recognition they deserve when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks and tourists! I'm a Steve's fan all the way!
Cheese steaks are sort of like coffee and violins -- I don't know much about them, but I do know when they suck. Steve's isn't Folgers or a Berkeley violin. 

Pros: Compared to Pat's and Geno's, Steve's is the obvious winner in the meat department. If you chopped up Outback steaks into thin slices, then you'd know what I'm talking about. The steak is chewy and has consistency, not a wimpy one-biter.

Needs work: The hot sauce at Geno's has more kick, and I think the bread is a bit chewier. A couple big pieces of burnt char were fished out from my steak here, but this is a minor complaint.

Go to Steve's, you wont be disappointed.
A very good cheese steak! I ordered the Wiz Wit. The steak is not chopped up, and it was perfectly seasoned. I think the guy put 3 ladles worth of cheese whiz on my steak. The onions were perfectly sauteed and added to the flavor. The roll was also very fresh. For my first experience of Steve's I was very satisfied. There was no fat on any of the meat like Geno's.

You order your steak at one window and your drinks and and fries at the other. If you are not from around Philly read the instructions on how to order, if you don't order like a Philadelphian, you sound like an idiot.  It is cash only but don't worry they have an ATM.  My brother ordered the American wit and was shocked to see the american was melted cheese sauce as well, I must peruse that next time.
Far and away the best Steak in Philly. Great seasoning and rolls. They use a medallion cut, which appeases both the flat steak and chopped steak lovers. My personal favorite order: Onions, Cheese Whiz, Pizza Sauce, Roasted Hot Peppers. Or, in Philly: Whiz Whit Pizza Roasted Hots.
In the battle of cheesteaks this joint has a special place in my heart and stomach 
Really doesn't matter how you get it but I like mine with wiz and then a few peppers from the selection
Really can't come close with anything else
This spot is well deserving of a 5 star rating in my opinion.  I travelled far for this steak based on a recommendation from a friend that lives in the area.  Holy moly.  Steak was delicious (I ordered with American cheese/no onion), service was fast and polite, and to make it just a little better, my order of fries were spot on too.  This is a must stop if you are traveling in the Philadelphia area.
Come on... Steve's is the only contender for best cheese steaks!   Been eating here since my ear,y teens, it is the BEST.  Spicy cheese fries are a needed addition to your meal
Straight to the point. I've eaten the scraps at all of 'em. All the competition, bam, in my stomach and Steve's is an obvious best. 

I. Cleanliness and environment. They grind the competition. Steve's has a classic 50's look with chrome, black and white decor. The famous joints are seriously nasty, no offense. This place was clean as a whistle. 

II. The steak. It's the most unique of all. They lay the steak out evenly, and even though it's Genos thickness, it's presented in a way that I believe the creators of the original trend originally intended. It's po' mans food presented like it's more. That's how it should be. The taste is slightly better because of the thicker steak, but what I like most is I can break the steak into three pieces. Top each differently. They also serve chocolate soda and there are countless fry options for fry lovers! 

III. The customer service. I arrived at 9:55. My stomach led me there and I didn't notice the time. They usually open a little after, but they let me in, they spoke with Philly roughness, straight to the point and fast. Just like it should be. This is the best in Philly.
Pretty decent. Definitely a Philly cheesesteak. By Lancaster County standards this would be a 5 star steak but by Philly standards it is a solid 3/5. The whiz portion was about the only thing saving this steak. Dripping with cheese is great but with a skimpy serving of flavorless hunks of meat it's hard to justify the price. Given that this is the literal cheesesteak capital of the world I expect a much higher standard than other areas. Jim's is still king of Philadelphia in my opinion. I should add that the hot and spicy fries were BANGIN!
This is another one of my favorite cheesesteak places to go to. Their breads are soft so it goes very well with the meat. I had to get the cheese wiz, it can be messy to eat but definitely worth it. I ordered my sandwich with mushroom and onions. The side order of fries was not bad, they were very crunchy thick cut pieces. It reminds me of home made fries! The staff that worked there was extremely friendly. You can't get better service than that.
They suck they customer service is terrible and also I found a hair in my food on my last piece of sandwich
Wouldn't accommodate request for gluten free. But had an attitude because of it. Offered timeout on cardboard as I could eat it.  I'm partly to blame for going in the first place because I read the reviews about HORRORABLE customer service. Stay away!!!!!!!!!
In the Northeast, Steve's has a reputation for reigning supreme for cheese-steaks, and passing by this ghetto little hut by the side of the road I knew one day I would have to give it a try. And ghetto little hut it is, with a run down roof by an oft empty parking lot. No complaints there, I expect my cheese steaks to come from the divey-est of places. Ordered a Wiz Wit, watched them work their magic behind the glass, and grabbed some condiments in preparation.

Pros
+ Condiment Bar so you can pack your Steak with whatever you feel like
+ All the components actually tasted pretty good
+ Did not skimp on the cheese!
+ Little to no wait, little to no attitude

Cons
-For the price($9.50), the amount of meat was disappointing and not a great value
-Also a bit skimpy on the onions

Conclusions: Steves actually produced a fine cheese steak! And having had the other 'famous' competitors(Pat's, Geno's, Jim's), I'd say it beat them out in terms of flavor for sure. Fresh Sliced Rib Eye is key. The Kicker? Skimpy on the meat and the onions, and thus not really enough to warrant the price. When shelling out $10 for a steak, I expected twice as much meat, and good as it was can't really justify a higher rating for this price(or overprice).

P.S. Funny story, apparently this lot used to have an abortion clinic in it. No real relevance, just trying to paint a word picture of the location
I've lived in Philly my whole life, so I can safely say I know cheesesteaks; that being said, Steve's is meh at best. I've had them a couple of times hoping that my opinion would improve, and it hasn't. I think I'm going to pin it on the quality of the steak. Just isn't the best. My office orders all the time, but going forward, I'll pass.
Not bad but for a place that claims they have the best philly cheese steak, I expected more. Good flavor but American deli has a way better cheese steak and fries. ‍.
Anytime I'm in PA, my friends ALWAYS take me to this Steve's location. They're quick and the taste is consistent with any other Steve's locations. I'm not a native of PA, but my friends who are definitely favor this place above all others. Every time I'm in town, you can bet your butt I'll get myself one (usually two) cheesesteaks with wiz. My go to place anytime I'm in PA!
Holy Sweet Mother Of God! 

Bring your appetite and cash!


These sandwiches are by far the best 

Don't forget to order properly 

Double, with, wiz is the only way to go!
