This place is so great! Hidden in plain sight on the north side of Spring Garden is this sammy shop offering breakfast, lunch and so much more. 

We stopped in for a quick late lunch, and while this vegan and vegetarian only indulged in sides, we were blown away by them. If they are any indication as to what the other goods taste like, this spot is on the money. 

We had $4 really tasty falafel! Not too breaded or thick, just right. 

Their fried potatoes are incredible with the right amount of salt, crispy bits and served with a variety of aioli and dipping sauces. The "Stockyard" being the favorite for this crew. 

Torn between the fried mac & cheese for the kiddos or the Brussels we went with the latter and I'm so glad we did. We eat a lot Brussels and these were up there with our favorite EVER! Do not miss these!! Served with citrus aioli. 

I also had the nice cool gazpacho on special. It was perfect on a hot day and had just a hint of tang. 

All items came out remarkably quick and were garnished with fresh herbs. 

While it is more of a quick take out joint, we dined in. There's a communal farmhouse table with high stools and a few window seats with the same. 

They have make your own breakfast sammy options choosing your own bread base I'm super excited to bring hubs back to try. I hear the Philly everything is not to be missed. 

Vegan, vegetarian and gluten free items are clearly marked. 

They always have a sammy of the day and seasonal highlights. 

We will be back and very much look forward to it!

Thanks guys! Everything was so tasty!
Solid burger and breakfast sandwich. And even better fried potatoes! I try to avoid carbs as much as possible, but I somehow can't get away from these potatoes. They are so good! (Crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and they taste fresh from the potato farm!) 

Although there is some seating space, the place is tiny, so it's more ideal to order take-out than to eat in. They specialize in sandwiches (delicious ones! and fancier than average), but their offerings also include soups and salads, as well as daily specials. The staff is very friendly and the price point is reasonable. 

Their burger is $8, and it's the best burger in units of tastiness per dollar that I've had in a while. It comes in a toasted potato bun, with two beef patties with a slice of cheese in between, topped with caramelized onions, sliced pickles, and shredded lettuce, with some kind of mustard-y sauce. The portion was perfect - I was full after finishing it along with half of my fried potatoes. 

The breakfast sandwich is also great. The quality is comparable to one you'd get from a fancy cafe (with runny egg and all) but only costs $5-6!! And it's a full-sized sandwich filled with quality ingredients (all fresh, unlike other places out there that use reheated ingredients along with toasted stale bread). 

I might not be able to eat sandwiches every day, but if I could, I would definitely get them here!
Wow, Stockyard is truly exceptional and one of the best sandwich shops I have ever been to, period. My friends who live in the Spring Garden area have been singing its praises for a while, and when I finally had the chance to check it out, it did not disappoint. I ordered the whole pig banh mi ($9), which was better than any banh mi I have ever had, including those from any authentic Vietnamese places, as well as the crispy potatoes, which were very crispy and very excellent. Their special Philly sauce deserves all the high praise in the world because it's really that good. Honestly, I'm upset at myself for not checking this place out sooner, and I'll be back soon to check out their famed breakfast!
I wish I could say I've proven this through empirical data. That I've travelled the world and eaten every regional Sandwich there was to offer. But if Donald Trump can do it, why can't I? 

Philly is the sandwich capitol of the universe. Our sandwiches are HUGE. They're the best sandwiches. Nobody knows sandwiches like we do!

It's less Donald Trump that makes me feel so emboldened to crow this and more that I've just come from the brand new Stockyard Sandwich shop and I'm feeling fantastic.

All joking aside, I'm a huge fan of Paesanos but I'd put Stockyard up against their wares and that's saying something because Stockyard is just now coming out of the gate.

I rolled in on a Thursday afternoon with a few coworkers. The place is small but don't let that deter you. Its worth any issue you may have, being it parking your car or your rear end. 

I ordered the Braised Beef sandwich, which is kin to a cheesesteak but Oh so much better. If you have the guts, order it with long hots for an amazing kick. 

I also shared the bratwurst special and I can tell you , it's not what you think. Really tender housemade sausage with a fantastic red kraut that transported me back to my time living in Germany. They really nailed it.

The sides were also fantastic. We each got the potatoes, o-rings and cauliflower. The potatoes were a revelation. Crispy , skin-on potato chunks, that blow limp fries out of the water. When the onion rings came out, I asked, "Who ordered cake donuts?" Because they were so large, but they were not heavy and instead were light and crispy.

I almost didn't want to give this place 5 stars because I know they will only improve on this concept over time, but as it is right now, it was certainly a 5 star experience. Get out and try this spot before the rest of the world finds out about the best sandwich shop in the best sandwich city.
We went downtown to check out the new Rail park and decided the grab a quick lunch. After checking the Yelp reviews, we decided the give this place a try. My fellow Yelpers we're not wrong. Be it that I'm on a diet, I got the burger without the bread and a side salad with a balsamic dressing. Prob one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. My boyfriend had the pork  Banh Mi. He also said it was one of the best sandwiches he's ever had. Nice healthy organic and vegan choices on the menu. Great little hippie atmosphere with many of the locals grabbing brunch. Very friendly staff with great music playing by giving good vibes. Sad that I don't live closer so I could come back and try more menu items, but will def be back.
I have to say I do agree with the whole Philly is the "Sandwich Capitol of the Universe" ! We know how to make them, and Stockyard you've just been added to the list of places one could venture off to. 

I am telling you it is not an easy decision to make when you see their menu. What did I get, what was my choice ? Well I'll tell you my fine family of Yelpers! I went with the Braised Beef sandwich on a baguette for the win folks. Just picture this perfectly made with love cuts of beef with all the flavors coming out of it, drizzled in a house-made whiz, seeping into that roll, with onions, mushrooms, on a Baguette. Stockyard, gentlemen, and ladies this is simply on point! My Yelp family, you will not be let down with this heavy hitter working numbers on your taste buds. 

What also made this epic sandwich reach its peak is the side of cut potatoes. A fried potato that has been dressed with sea salt, and herbs  that has been cut up just waiting for you to enjoy with their own "Stock sauce". This is clearly the perfect combination, that one, two punch you're looking for. I mean, I suppose you can get a salad with your sammy, but why mess with perfection kids?   

You'll definitely miss their sign if you're not paying attention. That's my only gripe, but the rest is simply Uhh-MAZE-ing! So get in there and enjoy!

I am Nando, and I approve this message.
This brand spanking new restaurant delivers on concept and quality. I guess I would describe it as "extremely refined takeout."

Let's get straight to the point - the fried cauliflower is absolutely banging. It easily competes with that fried cauliflower dish at the fancy date place you already love except it is only 4 dollars and you can get it to go very easily. The same can be said for the fried potatoes. The same can ALSO be said about the falafel. The onion rings don't let half the onion connect to the piece of onion that you are biting and slip out of the fry-shell (you know what I am talking about despite this awful, haphazard description). I could make this review entirely about the sides. 

As for the heartier options, I got to try the burger and shortrib sandwich. Both are really good. 

I have to take a second to compliment the "convenience form" of the burger. Whilst the most uppity burgers in Philly are a horrific mess to eat (I am looking at you Village Whiskey), Stockyard's burger assembly and adequate bun-to-meat ratio make it very possible to pick up the burger with one hand and take a bite without spilling everything everywhere. It is juicy without feeling greasy and is delicious without needing a buncha crazy toppings. At this price point, no other Philadelphia burger compares. 

Welp, that is all. On the action-movie-parallel satisfaction scale, Stockyard is The Raid.
Stockyard Sandwiches has only a small sign outside the row home it operates out of in Spring Garden.  It's not easy to spot but you should find it because this is one of the top sandwich places in all of Philadelphia.  Some people call it 'the Hidden Gem of Spring Garden." They serve breakfast which I am sure is very good but it is the sandwiches that I find spectacular.  Instead of getting a cheesesteak when I returned to Philly, I stopped in Stockyards for their braised beef with house-made whiz along with onions & mushrooms on a baguette,  It is truly decadent and I'm certain shortened my life by a week or so....but it's the holidays!  They also have healthier choices for the new year!
Housed in the tiny unassuming first floor space of a walk up is one of the most LIT sandwich shops in philly. 

Everyone behind the counter is super nice. The last two times I came here I had the fried chicken sandwich and the pig banh mi. 

The fried chicken breast is huge! The slaw is crunchy and tangy. 

The veggies in the banh mi are fresh and abundant and the slice of meat is nice and fatty!

Like any good sandwich you will wind up with a mess and have to wash your hands after you eat. Probably not appropriate to eat in a meeting. 

Also the fried potatoes come in a massive bag to contain the massive portion. You will need a friend to help you tag team this behemoth. 

I love this place! I'll be back soon.
This place earned 5 stars in my book. Stockyard Sandwich Co.'s "farm-to-takeout" gourmet sandwiches left me happily stuffed and craving for more. There are a handful of window seats and a six-seater table in the middle of the restaurant. The menus are on the wall, while the guy who took my order was friendly and knowledgeable on what they offer.

FOOD:
Braised Beef Sandwich ($11) w/ a Fried Egg (+$1): Damn good! The baguette held the delicious and tender braised beef, mushrooms, onions, and cheese well. Speaking of cheese, their housemade whiz was rich and creamy and made each bite especially enjoyable. The yolk from the fried eggs made it even richer and creamier--so yes, the two "loosey-goosey eggs" (which I heard someone in the back mention) *does* make a messy albeit tasty difference!

I will, without a doubt, return for this sandwich. 

I was leaning towards ordering one of their sides, but we just decided to order another sandwich to share instead because, well--why not, right?

Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich ($10): Not your ordinary chicken sandwich! The spiciness is tamed, but that didn't stop us from enjoying it. In a potato bun, the fried chicken is accompanied by pickled cucumber, pickled red onions, crumbled feta, and arugula. It's a unique sandwich with contrasting flavors, and I really enjoyed it. The chicken was fried perfectly, the ingredients were fresh, and my taste buds were digging the bold flavors.

Fantastic daily specials are also offered, which makes it even tougher to decide on what to order; these specials are announced on their various social media pages. I will definitely be back!
The hype is real - ridiculously good food with a laid back vibe. Embrace the diversity in the sandwiches (I've tried just about all), the grass roots set-up, and the commitment to quality ingredients.

The bahn mi sandwich is exceptional. A fusion of flavor and texture hit your taste buds when you sink that first bite. You will not regret ordering this.

The stock burger is huge, supported by a sturdy potato bun and topped with a zesty home-crafted sauce and fried onions. And for $8? C'mon.

Stockyard also has creative takes with their fried chicken sandwich and braised beef "cheese-steak." Go here.
Easily one of the best sandwich spots in Philadelphia. Definitely love their egg sandwiches, and would also say our top 3  favorites are:
1. Stockyard burger (best burger in Philly, yes rly)
2. Salmon burger
3. Fried chicken sandwich (a special)

The sides are also amazing, as well as their homemade whiz and gravy. 

Last but not least, the kitchen staff are so friendly and really give it everything they've got. We have been here many times, and have always received exceptional service and high quality food.
There are many sandwich spots in this city, but none I would revisit before Stockyard Sandwich.  And I'm hardly a sandwich person.  But Stockyard will wow you.

I recently had the falafel banh mi and I thought it was highly comparable to its traditional counterpart.  Me being 100-percent Vietnamese, I hope this lends some weight.  The baguette was crusty and toothsome, fresh green jalapenos and fixings, and hearty falafel.  In addition, the CrossFit bro sitting next to me was mowing down the pork banh mi, and he gleefully exclaimed, "This banh mi is THE sh*t!"

Although they have a variety of meaty and vegetarian sandwiches, the breakfast offerings are the MVP of the menu.  A Philly muffin with perfectly fried eggs, warmed Swiss cheese, spicy arugula and pickled red onions to cut through the richness, while a slather of saffron aioli amped up the flavor of the protein.  I can't imagine a better sandwich creation.  The chefs behind the counter deserve  a master's degree in sandwich engineering because the plates are delivered beautifully crafted, unlike most messy salt bombs at other lunch shops.

Overall, the menu will appeal to everyone--vegans, vegetarians, carnivores--because with local ingredients and quality meats, the food is plenty and wholesome.  One last tip:  if your order the fried potatoes (wonderfully crisp with skins), ask for ketchup instead of the Stock sauce.  The sweet acidity of the ketchup will perfectly counter the savory rich flavor of the potatoes.
Just tried this place and the food is nothing short of amazing. Went in with my wife after work to grab a quick bite we ordered the burger, braised beef, onion rings and fried cauliflower and it was delicious and very reasonably priced. Only thing I'm disappointed with is that I didn't take pictures to show how great the food is. Will definitely be back.
This section of Spring Garden does not disappoint when it comes to the food offerings and parking. Disregard the trash that can usually be found in the streets. Don't know why people are so thoughtless with their trash all over the place. So rude. Anyways, all is forgotten once you enter into Stockyard. 

The space is small but clean and bright. The counter and kitchen area are open for your full viewing pleasure. They are far so super friendly and customer satisfaction oriented that you will be taken back by the kindness and consideration given.  The food is sourced locally with sustainable ingredients and um delicious  solid on all counts! Take out, eat in or catering available.
I think the kids who go to CCP are missing out by going to the carts instead of here for their breakfast sandwich. It's $6, but it's delicious and definitely enough to split with a friend. 
I ordered a pastrami-egg sandwich (with stock sauce), and I appreciate that the pastrami wasn't scrambled into into the egg! 

The guy who takes your order/cooks your food is a crack up.
tl;dr the first bites are spectacular at this upscale sandwich-ery, the end of the meal won't necessarily leave you planning your next trip back

Philly is a sandwich city through-and-through, so any challenger for the "best sandwich" title has to stand out. Stockyard Sandwich Co. aims to do that through its "farm-to-takeout" concept, using premium ingredients and upscale culinary techniques to craft a memorable takeout experience. Pick-up was simple -- just a quick phone call once I arrived, and a worker had my bag ready to go.

I opted for the Braised Beef Sandwich (Stockyard's sophisticated take on a cheesesteak) with a side of Fried Potatoes. The first bite of the sandwich was magnificent. With the rich onion-and-mushroom gravy, I almost was fooled to think I was eating a Sunday roast. Unfortunately, the good vibes did not last the entire meal. My once-crisp baguette quickly eventually descended into mushiness, and the richness that originally took me off guard felt single-note by the end. And I had only walked 2 blocks before enjoying my meal -- too much longer, and I'm afraid the sandwich would not have help up at all.

The fries similarly started out incredible, The large hunks of russets were fried up extra-crispy, seasoned generously with salt and herbs, and perfectly balanced by "stock sauce," a sweet aioli. However, the small stock sauce was nowhere near enough for the large serving of fries; by the end, and without sauce, my fries were similarly single-note! Also, and admittedly minor, I wish each fry was slightly smaller; each chunk felt uncomfortably sized at 1.5x bites.

At $17 total, Stockyard hits the wallet a little harder than the tastebuds. With good sandwiches galore throughout the city, I don't envision myself going out of my way for Stockyard all too often moving forward.
All I can say is wow!! My mom has been ranting and raving about this place and I finally succumbed to her and tried it! It's a small tiny place but the food was PHENOMENAL. I got one of the daily specials and the owner explained everything to me in such great detail! Everything was freshly made and the owner brought out our meals to us. I can't wait to come back and try something else.
We ordered the Whole Pig Banh Mi and the Braised Beef sandwiches.  Both were tasty, but a little on the salty side (I'm not a salt sensitive person).  The meats in the sandwiches were delicious.  I think the cheese they use in the beef sandwich is what made that sandwich a little salty.  The banh mi flavor was really good and had a little kick, but I think they put too much sauce, so it made that sandwich a little salty as well.  Overall, good flavors and I'd go back to try their other sandwiches.  I'll just make sure to tell them a little less sauce next time.
Impressive sandwiches at a great price point. We've liked every sandwich with tried so far. I was in two minds about writing this review because I'm worried about not being able to get a seat if it gets too popular! (It's a small place with room for 13, but take-out is common.)

You can tell that the owners are not just running a business but living out their passion for quality food.

Get a build-you-own-breakfast sandwich - think McDonald's breakfast sandwiches but a hundred times tastier and better executed. With quality ingredients. This is a must try.

Grab a special if you can. I had the porchetta (pork, Green Meadow Farm spinach, provolone, Calabrian chili aioli). Blew me away. The braised beef and the spicy fried chicken sandwiches were hits with our party too. These guys understand how to source great ingredients and bring out their flavors.

And the sides. Don't forget to order sides. Go for the onion rings and the fried brussel sprouts. The rings were large and had a satisfying bite, with generously cut slices of onion. The brussel sprouts could be a tad less burnt and salty but were nonetheless very addictive. The sides come paired with sauces that complement well.
Small spot but great sandwiches! Came in with a large group and we basically took over all the seats. The staff was really friendly and accommodating. I tried the braised beef, banh mi, and salmon burger. The salmon burger is really good! My favorite of all. The braised beef was a bit too salty for my taste. The sandwiches are big and kinda messy to eat. I also tried their onion rings, smoked wings and fries. I definitely recommend the smoked wings.
This is one of the best sandwich shops in Philadelphia and here's why.
I just had the brussels sprout mushroom sandwich with sliced apple fennel mushroom duxelles (which is an amazing combination of mushrooms cooked down with onion and that adds amazing flavor), it also has a sort of tofu spread on a crusty baguette.
I'm not a vegetarian but this is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in Philadelphia.

It combines the sweet, salty, meaty, flavors in every bite. It's the ultimate umami combination!
There is the option for adding crumbled blue cheese and it brings the whole sandwich together so definitely get that!
You can tell there are some highly trained and skilled chefs behind this small unassuming shop in the community college neighborhood of Spring garden/Fairmount.
I live on the other side of town and made a special trip over here. It's definitely a destination place for a great culinary experience and for under $10
I was very impressed by the level of execution at Stockyard. The surrounding area is unassuming, but don't let that fool you. This sandwich shop is top notch.

Their menu is fairly short. They stick to the basics: Smoked chicken, Braised beef, Po'Boys, falafel, a burger, and salads. I found they had something that would appeal to most palates.

I ordered the braised beef sub. It comes with beef, mushrooms, sauteed onions, and a beef gravy with house cheese "whiz". The beef was tender and well executed. The mushrooms had a perfect mouthfeel. The still had firmness and very closely matched the texture of the beef. Impressive. The sauce was well-seasoned, complex in flavor with some fond, elements of beef stock, and the smoothness of the cheese. 

The roll upon which they serve the sandwich is soft, a bit chewy, and fresh. Very nice on it's own. I was disappointed with the bread to sandwich ratio, however. I found the bread to be a bit overwhelming for the amount of filling they put on the sandwich. 

I got the chance to try their falafel as well. They have a strong crisp on the bite with a surprisingly smooth filling. The filling respects the flavors of the chickpeas while adding elements of seasoning that complemented it well. The texture of the filling was almost like a moist crabcake. Very good. I'd say this is the second best falafel I've ever had. Very nice.

The owner was present and was very friendly, making suggestions on sauces and making special requests possible. The staff were attentive and helpful. I was very happy with my visit and will hopefully be coming back soon.
We have been wanting to try Stockyard for weeks, and were able to order takeout quickly on a Sunday at 1030 a.m., just missing the breakfast rush. Let me tell you, MMM I am in love with the roast beef sandwich; the sauce on it is amazing and the mushrooms add great texture. The sub is huge, and I was able to enjoy it throughout the day for multiple meals. 

The breakfast sandwiches are good, but I recommend getting the special sauce or spicy mayo on it to add some extra flavor, since I wish they had more options for toppings. We did get the special sauce with our home fries, pro tip right there, which were crispy and the perfect side for our sandwiches. They were a large enough portion to share, even though my boyfriend hates sharing more than anything. I think Stockyard's strength is in their specialty sandwiches - which I can't wait to try some more of!
Best breakfast sandwich ever. Amazing philly English muffin + sausage + egg. 

It's not busy during the weekdays
The best breakfast sandwich I have ever had in Philly.  Such a hidden gem.  I live in Fairmount and didn't know this existed until one of my fellow Yelpers told me about it.  Its a small hole in the wall place that is delicious af.

It is a little pricey for a brekky sandy, but I had one last Sunday and didn't eat again til dinnertime.  Everything is customization and made to order.  My rec, however, is getting the bacon, scrambled egg, jack cheese on a Philly muffin! It was sooo good - don't forget a side of potatoes with special sauce.  The servings are v generous, so split the tatters with a friend ;) 

They also have the canned La Columbe draft lattees...what more to you need?  Parking is a b in this area, but they have a lot behind them that is only for monthly parking, but I think you should be fine to park for 15 mins while you run in to get your order.

I'll be back and I'll be bringing friends!
Delicious.  Had the burger and chicken sandwich.  Both were awesome!
But more than anything I'd recommend their brussel sprouts!  Some of the best I'd ever had!
This was a place I wish we could have visited more. Of course we were on vacation in Philadelphia and there was so much to see.

Only having Banh Mi at a local Vietnamese place back home, I wanted to check this out. The bread was fresh, and the pork was well seasoned and savory. Everything was good, this was a damn good Banh Mi. My wife ordered a burger. She gave me a bite, and holy cow was that delicious beef! The food here was excellent, this is a gem in Philadelphia. 

The shop was clean, the service was good. I'm thinking about that burger more then the sandwich now. Damn this place is good!
Stockyard is probably the best sandwich place in Philly, at least in this Yelper's opinion. I love Paesanos but Stockyard tastes just as good and uses healthier ingredients.

Located on Spring Garden parking is pretty easy. It is also a short walk from the Subway station. The shop itself is clean and funky. There is one large communal table and then counter seating for 5-6 more patrons. Stockyard does a lot of take away or carry out business.

We ordered the Stock Burger, the Bahn Mi and a salad with salmon on this visit. The burger was huge, juicy, a bit messy but delicious. The Bahn Mi, as others have written, is fantastic. My wife's salad was also very good and the salmon was better then she expected. Everything is made to order so it takes a few minutes, especially if they are busy. I have also had their breakfast sandwiches perviously and they are also equally delicious.

Service was very friendly and helpful. There is one small bathroom for patrons. 

5 Yelp stars for Stockyard.
This place is friggin' awesome. Seriously the best sandwich in Philly.

It's fast and casual, located on 15th and Spring Garden. Open for breakfast and throughout the day. My daughter's daycare is nearby and it's always a treat to stop in. Try the braised beef - it's my favorite. 

Locally owned and everything is locally sourced - one met the owner and he is super nice. 

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! 

***UPDATE - the Braised Beef may be the best sandwich on the face of the planet***
I am in this area a lot, and there hasn't been anywhere good to eat in a long time. 

After hearing about Stockyard, I went for lunch with my meat-eater friend. It was a compromise, and I figured I would just eat some fries or something. I am a vegetarian and -  surprise -  there were a LOT of good choices for me! I ordered the brussels sprouts sandwich and fried cauliflower. They were both a good choice. He said his hamburger was the best he ever had. Ever. That's saying something, knowing this guy for a while. Extremely good service and really delicious food!!! 

So glad there's finally a great choice in this neighborhood. We will go back again and again.
Allow me to briefly, yet enthusiastically, sing the praises of Stockyard!

After hearing numerous positive reviews, my company hired Stockyard to cater our holiday party. From start to finish, Will (one of the co-owners) worked ever-so-efficiently to meet our various budget and dietary needs. I know Stockyard is known for their meat-centric menu, so I was nervous they wouldn't be able to accommodate a predominantly vegetarian-friendly menu, however they provided a variety that even our omnivorous employees thoroughly enjoyed. Delivery was prompt, accurate, and tasty! One note: as far as catering goes, these portions are HUGE. What was initially quoted as enough for 12-15 people (5 trays of sandwiches, 1 salad tray, and 2 trays of potatoes) easily fed 30-40. Granted, this was not a formal sit down party, but our employees still packed away quite a bit and we had tons of leftovers.

Thank you for the fantastic food! We look forward to working with you again!
This underrated spot is probably my favorite place in the 'hood. I've been going at least once a week since they opened, and the employees always notice and say hello. I haven't strayed far from a breakfast sandwich on an everything muffin because it's just SO GOOD. They cook the eggs (perfectly) any way you want, have local meats, homemade hot sauce, and the option for a vegan scrapple patty if you prefer. 

The girl that works the cash register is always bumping some rap songs and dancing around, which makes the mood light and fun. I wake up craving this spot basically every weekend now and have been trying to convince anyone and everyone to go with me. Keep it up, Stockyard!
Food is good. Vegetarian options are excellent. They knocked it out the park with the vegetable chilli and couscous salad!
More like 3.5. Sandwiches are great here. The bahn mi was amazing. So flavorful and great bread. The brisket sandwich was very heavy and tender.
Onion rings and fried potatoes are just okay. I was surprised by everyone's rave reviews.
Onion rings were a bit bland, tough I like the batter they used.
The fried potatoes were nice and crisp, but they weren't mind blowing or anything. The stock sauce with the potatoes was tasty. Got TONS of potatoes with one order.
Limited seating.
Friendly service. Food came out quickly.
Felt awful afterwards from all the fat and fried food, but that's my own fault!
Overall, I would definitely return for the sandwiches!
O m g. This place is a hidden GEM. They need a flashier sign! Small, hole in the wall place. I went here a couple months ago and still think about the amazing breakfast sandwich I had here based on a friend's recommendation. 

Get the Everything English muffin because it really is everythingggg. Basically a combination of an everything bagel and an English muffin. So unique and flavorful with the perfect texture. I had it with sausage, egg and cheese. The cheese was perfectly melted. Lots of options for what kind of meat or cheese you might want. I got the stock sauce on the side which was tasty but the sandwich also tastes fine on its own! (Probably meant more for the burger) Probably slightly on the more expensive side for breakfast but def worth it. 

I was told the salmon and regular burger are also amazing, I'll have to come back and try those! 

There was a constant flow of people coming in and out for breakfast. Service was fast and friendly. At a recent yelp event another yelper mentioned this place so I knew I had to come back and sing it's praises =) can't wait to go back!
Had their Whole Pig Bahn Mi, as a coworker had recommended it, and it was absolutely delicious. The flavors blend nicely together with a good amount of pork. I would recommend this place!!!
The perfect sandwich.  Period!! I ended up getting today's special.  It was turkey, house made pastrami,  slaw and Swiss on toasted pumpernickel.  The flavor in this and sandwich was s intense,  and the cabbage slaw added the right amount of crunch.  The bread was perfectly toasted and thick enough to stand up to the mountain of filling in the sandwich.  Just a perfect example of a sandwich. Welcome to the neighborhood!!
Small business sandwich joint close to CCP and Masterman! Honestly, it was hard to find and you can miss it very easily because it looks like it's part of an apartment. Currently limiting people and practically can only pick up the food behind a table due to COVID. Otherwise, the sandwiches here are very good! They have a daily special, which is pretty awesome, giving you a new sandwich pretty much almost every day. You can find out what that sandwich is through their instagram. Otherwise, very solid choices on a daily basis. Their fried potatoes are also a great side to your sandwichl it's fried pretty perfectly! I definitely recommend this place as a staple for lunch if you're in the area and want to order out!
Only been here once for breakfast but it was delicious. Great prices and the breakfast sandwiches taste amazing. I eat gluten free and they have numerous options - didn't feel like a burden ordering gluten free. They gave me potatoes instead of bread - not usually a fan of potatoes but these were great!
Top 3 sandwhich spots in Philly. What makes Stockyard standout from the rest is its inclusive menu. Whether you're in the mood for some meaty, artery clogging goodness or satisfying vegan delights, Stockyard has it all. 

Their menu is definitely on the pricier side, but they source their ingredients locally and aim to reduce waste by utilizing off cuts of animals and seasonal produce ... and every creation is delicious! 

So yeah, I can get behind that.
This place is friggin' awesome. Seriously the best sandwich in Philly.

It's fast and casual, located on 15th and Spring Garden. Open for breakfast and throughout the day. My daughter's daycare is nearby and it's always a treat to stop in. Try the braised beef - it's my favorite. 

Locally owned and everything is locally sourced - one met the owner and he is super nice. 

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Stopped in here this past Saturday due to the great reviews we saw.  Its a small shop with enough seating and self-service. We ordered the cheeseburger and the fried chicken with some potatoes to share.

The cheeseburger was pretty flavorful (I would have maybe liked a little more salt) and the potato bun was a nice accompaniment to the burger. It definitely had a 'home cooked' style to it which I prefer and it was very filling and satisfying.

My husband got the fried chicken sandwich which that day came with arugula and some pickled peppers and some cheese I believe. It was a really nice refreshing chicken sandwich. It had good flavor and wasn't overly greasy or heavy, though it still felt indulgent. 

Overall we were in and out pretty quickly. It came to $29 for the two of us which is kind of expensive for a self-serve place, but the quality of the ingredients explains that price a bit.
It looks like there are some new faces at Stockyard. The chicken parm sandwich is the worst sandwich I had in a long time. The red sauce has absolutely no flavor and neither does the chicken parm. It should be stricken from the menu ASAP. Or reworked immediately to have some flavor, perhaps start with some salt and pepper. 

Also I placed my order at 6:30 and was given a 7:00 pickup time. I arrived at 7:00 and waited until 7:10 before asking if my order was ready. They told me to hang tight for 2 minutes. I ended up standing around until 7:30. They should have been honest and told me they didn't even start making my order yet.

I don't mind tipping ahead of time but today I am very sad that I tipped before I ordered. The staff today was not deserving of my generous tip. (For being rude and lying to my face)

The fried potatoes were good today per usual. A+

The staff and the chicken parm receive the score of F on their report card. 

Overall D experience. 

I won't ever order the chicken parm here ever again. Bet.
Small spot on Spring Garden (when I say small, I mean do not bring more than yourself to dine inside lol) great location. Community College of Phila is right across the street.

I've been wanting to try Stockyard's burgers and now I'm here on a Monday at 12pm to do so. Actually it's Tuesday now as I'm finishing this review. I ordered the Classic burger and onion rings. The burger came with pickles, sauce, cheese, onions on a potato bread bun. The onion rings were pretty massive and greasy, but did not stop me from devouring them. Their onion rings could possibly be the best in Philly. They came with a ranch mixed with tartar dipping sauce awesome!

The classic burger was a pretty good burger. I'm still not sure if it wowed me. Would I get one again? Yes. I'd like to try it with a fried egg on top whenever I get back there. I really want to  try something else on the menu. There are several options of things to try besides burgers so I'll be back for more.
This place was quite the surprise! We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon after working out. The space is very small-- one communal table that seats ~8 and some bar seats at the back. You order at the counter and the employees bring the food out to you.

The menu was mostly sandwiches, a few soups, and chicken wings. They serve breakfast sandwiches all day which sounded good but we did not try them. Two of the people I was with ordered burgers and I ordered the braised beef sandwich. The burgers had two patties on them and were VERY juicy and delicious. My boyfriend added their special sauce (forget what it is called but similar to big mac sauce) which made it even better. The patties seemed almost a little underdone but apparently he wasn't asked how he wanted them cooked. The braised beef sandwich was topped with caramelized onions (I got it without mushrooms) and some sort of white whiz which was amazing. The beef seemed like it was slow cooked and had a shredded pot roast texture. We also ordered a side of fried potatoes with peppers and onions which came with a side of the same sauce my boyfriend got on his burger.  The potatoes were pretty greasy but delicious nonetheless. 

The food came out pretty fast and the employees were extremely friendly. I like that they have daily specials as well. I wish this place was across the street from me because I would probably go once a week.
If you peruse Stockyard's instagram, you're immediately hit with a sizable photo library of food porn. Their instagram was what initially lured me here in the first place. Walk on in and you'll find ingenious sandwich combinations on their menu. Their creations are as downright dazzling and deliciously scrumptious as they appear in pictures. Warning: you will need numerous napkins, but who cares?

I've gone the way of the build-your-own breakfast sandwich twice. The breakfast sausage can't be beat, and they serve one of my favorite English muffins (Philly Bread). Do yourself a favor and pick either their signature stock sauce or homemade whiz. You won't regret either of those things.

For lunch, the whole pig banh mi is literally everything you could hope for in a sandwich. Masses of juicy, messy pulled pork that hit savory and sweet notes. Snappy, crisp freshness from the pickled veggies and cilantro. Spicy XO mayo to bring it all together and play off that BBQ sweetness. The WPBM is just harmonious af, and perfect in its composed deliciousness.

The incredible onion rings are thick, delightfully crunchy, and sprinkled with sea salt. The potatoes, accompanied by zingy stock sauce, must make a trip to the deep fryer, too, because they're so damn crispy.

Some of the best sandwiches in Philly are here. Just a tip: I prefer to dine in due to the messiness factor. Naturally, messy sandwiches can become pretty soggy en route to wherever you live...
This must be one of the top sandwich shops in the city! Three of us came here for breakfast and you can customize you breakfast sandwich! I went for breakfast over potato platter so I could enjoy both the protein (eggs & chicken sausage) and the acclaimed fried potatoes! I ordered a side of falafel to go for lunch, which were heavenly delicious! The coffee was also good (I believe they use La Colombe beans), as you usually get crappy coffee at sandwich shops.

What prevents me from giving five stars is that food here is way too salty to our tasty! Though I know most prepared food are high in sodium, but all three of us found their homemade chicken sausage extremely salty that day. The potatoes and falafels were salty, too. I hope the owner read my review and consider adjusting the recipes a bit. At end of the day, it's something good for every customer's health :)
HOLY breakfast sandwich!!!! I was back in Philly for the night for a concert and woke up the next morning wanting a great breakfast sandwich for the drive home. I looked around on yelp and knew we had to stop at Stockyard. The shop is adorable and the staff is so friendly (the girl who took our order was great and offered us water and multiple refills while we waited). My mom and I both crafted our own breakfast sandwich on the Philly Muffin... this a fluffy English muffin with everything bagel seasoning (O M G). I had egg, pastrami and swiss cheese with the house made hot sauce and wow is all I can say. 

Needless to say I did not need to eat for many hours after but I literally dream of this breakfast sandwich and will 100000% be making another stop here on my next trip back to Philly.
Sandwiches, sandwiches, sandwiches,...   The  sandwiches here are freaking awesome!

If you can't find a favorite here and fill up on one of their sandwiches there is definitely something wrong with you.  These sandwiches rank as some of the best in Philly for sure.

The braised beef and the whole pig banh mi are awesome.  The braised beef is beefy, cheesy, mushroomy, and caramelized onions.  This alternative to the Philly cheesesteak is a great choice.  

The onion rings and fried potatoes are great accompaniments to the sandwiches.  Although I like brussel sprouts I didn't think I liked their version here and quite frankly ended up throwing most of it away.  This was the only thing I've order here that I'd not recommend.

I've never been able to get a parking spot here without circling more than a few times.  More often than not, I've double parked and ran inside to get my order.
Glad to have this place in the neighborhood. I love that they use Philly Bread, the Philly muffin is one of my favorite bread items ever :) the menu is pretty creative and everything is made fresh, in- house, and pretty much right in front of you. There was something salty about my sandwich, but some people love salt ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I'll be back anyway. Also love that they have a vegan option that's as creative and interesting as everything else!
Tried it for lunch today - asked for braised beef "sandwich" to be over the fried cauliflower, instead of in sandwich form.  Wow - sooo delicious - it had braised onions, mushrooms, and an amazing sauce. Everything is made fresh to order - the food was so good it deserves to be served in silverware.  And they sell la Colombe latte cans and brew fresh la Colombe.
Amazing sandwiches, friendly staff, and quick service. We grabbed some breakfast sandwiches here with friends one Saturday morning. I opted for an egg and cheese sandwich on a bun and added grilled onions. The ingredients are so simple, but everything put together made a delicious combination. For me, the bread was what made this sandwich- it was extremely fresh and neatly put together, although, after the first bite it will get messier. Worth. every. bite. We've also had lunch sandwiches ordered from Stockyard for small gatherings and I enjoy these just as much. I am looking forward to returning the next time I'm in the area.
SO I had lunch today with some co workers at this glorious hall of sandwich goodness -- I know these boys from my days as Chef de Cuisine of the Moshulu -- It is good to see fellow chefs branch out and create there own mark -- We as a group had the Braised Beef Sandwich x2, Pastrami Sandwich, Bratwurst Sandwich and the Pan Roasted Chicken Sandwich -- sides were the onion rings, fried potatoes and cauliflower -- It was awesome to have the La Colombe Espresso in the can - needed that after a long morning shift -- worthy in every element -- one issue I would say is the parking but as I discussed with my fellow brethren is that for grub this tasty I will spend the 15-20 minutes to find parking any day!! Congrats and Cheers boys!
This place is amazing!

I previously have had a few of their sandwiches, (all where great) but their burger was fantastic!
Between the bun, the fixin's and the meat- there is not one better. 
Staff is awesome, and I have told tons of people about this place.
Can't wait to come back
I am so upset with myself for not taking a photo of my sandwich that was OMG heavenly! ! 

I had a sandwich on this thing called a Philly muffin (not even sure how you describe it  maybe an everything  bagel but a muffin) which comes from a local bakery that's been in business for about three years. Topped this bad boy with eggs over medium,  house-made chicken sausage,  pepper jack cheese with served their homemade red hot sauce ! This is the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had no kidding.

I think I really appreciated this place because the guy that made my sandwich was so knowledgeable and passionate about the food. He shared how they source locally and they butcher their own meat.  I mean everything really is farm-to-table and it's a pretty reasonable price. 

It's a bonus that it's a nice addition on the street which is pretty limited in their offerings bye bye bye Dunkin Donuts!
THEY JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER.
We got married in Philly and exactly one year later, wound up MOVING HERE.
Stockyard was first on our stop. 

Nothing has changed. Holy moly. Everything is still good.
Tried new menu items and OH MY GREAT GUACAMOLE.... FANTASTIC.
Support this place. Please. 
I will be heartbroken if it ever ever closes.
The Brussels sprouts are the best ever but unfortunately only have them while they're in season. Place is a little pricey but good.
I don't understand the great reviews and hype. We had the braised beef sandwich. And it was bad... we threw most of it away.

Cute shop and nice folks though.
Pretty insane sandwiches but plagued by delivery issues. I've consistently gotten wrong items and flat out totally wrong orders. That's gotta be ironed out, because their food is insane.
We ordered catering from Stockyard for 11 people. Everything was ready and fresh for us upon pickup. April, with catering, was really responsive to all of our needs prior to the day. We ended up getting the following:

-hot sandwich tray 
-potatoes
-cous cous salad
-regular salad with falafel

It worked for our crew but if we had bigger eaters we definitely would have needed more sandwiches. Thanks again, Stockyard!
The braised beef sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  Small menu and they execute it all to perfection. I got the fried potatoes with it...but I should've left them because the sandwich was ALL I NEEDED. That said, the fried potatoes were awesome and complemented the sandwich perfectly. Next time I visit it will be with a friend and we will split the meal!  I'm STUFFED...and took the potatoes home for a snack later. Would definitely recommend this spot and will try to get back here even though I'm almost 90 minutes away.
SANDWICH SLAYERS!!!! Braised beef cheesesteak is freaking epic!!!!!!!!! Whole pig banh mi, crisp pork crisp pickled vegetables with a bit of spice, yee ha!!!! Legendary onion rings with buttermilk ranch, what what!!!!!!!!! Patas bravas with some stock sauce, nahmean!!!!!!!

These guys made me lose my mind with their sandwich skills!!!!!
Great burger and fries with onion rings.  The burger was perfect with everything on it and really enjoyed the fries.  Special alert $5 gets you a burger and fries from 2:30 - 3:30 M-F.  Great deal and excellent food.  Looking forward to trying breakfast.
I would eat here several times a week, if I didn't like to cook! Their creations are so well executed.  Quality ingredients, thoughtful combinations, couldn't ask for a better sandwich place.  You don't even need the great bread to enjoy the contents, but then it wouldn't be a sandwich, and a darn amazing sandwich at that.  Thank you for always going above and beyond and exciting my taste buds!
Best food ever get the bacon egg and cheddar cheese on a muffin it changed my life I'm not kidding One of the best breakfast sandwiches in philly
3 words.  "Bang Freaking Bang".  Holy cow everything we had was amazing.  We split 4 sandwiches.  The Bahn Mi, The Braised Beef, The Chicken Roulade and the (try it before you scowl at me) Brussel Sprout sandwich. Holy crap it was all delicious.  And the fried cauliflower should be on your to-do list.  I would recommend going soon before the word is out, otherwise it's gonna be a wait.  Nice job, fellas.
This is maybe my favorite burger place to go. I love where it's located near my college so if it's my break or school ends I can just go there and get a burger. When I came in I seen that the menu was very organized and easy to read. The employees was very friendly and informative about the menu. I ordered the stock burger which contain lettuce, cheese, their own sauce I think?, but loved it, and perfectly cooked patty. I will definitely come back for another burger
I'm so happy I found this place! I just started working in the city, have been hunting around for good lunch spots. This is a cute little place, with friendly staff, and prompt service! 
I had the falafel bahn mi and fried Brussels sprouts. The food was very fresh, and so flavorful! The Brussels sprouts were super crispy, and the bahn mi was perfect- lightly pickled veggies, just enough spiciness. Definitely will be coming back!
Banh Mi

Any place to make this well will always get 5 stars from me. It is a guilty pleasure and a delicious joy! 

Go here, get the food come back with friends! 

I'll give you a high five!

Or go through life sad and unhappy with your life decisions
Awesome new sandwich joint on Spring Garden. I tried the Banh Mi sandwich which was like a hybrid between Reading Terminal market's DiNic's pork sandwich (the meat portion) and a classic Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwich (the vegetables and dressings). Very filling and satisying! Will be heading back soon
We are visiting Philadelphia, always looking for some place new and different to eat at. Getting up to closures due to the snow, we called Stockyard Sandwich to see if they were open, and they were. We  walked there to get the best breakfast sandwiches ever! We had an everything English muffin with pastrami, an egg and cheese it was to die for! We also had in house made sausage with an egg and cheese on a baguette fantastic! If you ever get the chance to swing in you really should! Next time we are in Philadelphia we will make this a for sure stop!  Highly talented chef partners, made from scratch food with passion and pizazz!
Stopped by here for a breakfast sandwich over the weekend. It's a build your own breakfast sandwich style where you choose your bread, meat, cheese sauce, etc. I got a bacon, cheddar, egg over easy with "stock sauce" on an everything Philly muffin and wow! First of all, I am a huge egg yolk slut and the egg over easy in this sandwich was absolutely perfect. (I was also taking this sandwich to go and the staff was so very careful about packaging my sandwich so not to ruin the egg!) I was able to enjoy biting into the sandwich and having the yolk run all over. Messy, but GLORIOUS. The everything Philly muffin is not really a muffin per se, but something much better. The bacon was just a touch salty, but I can overlook it because it was my favorite kind of wonderfully thick cut bacon (the way every bacon should be IMO). Also, I think they house make all their meat? Overall, really great breakfast sandwich and for under $6! It feels like they really put care and attention into every component of your sandwich. You can't beat the quality, taste or the price to start your morning off right.
Amazing staff!!! I was in with a film crew from the History Channel on a TIGHT schedule for lunch. The guys were amazingly organized and kind. Food is SPECTACULAR AND THE SHOP IS ADORABLE. 

I had the fried cauliflower and it was outrageous. I look forward to another shoot in Philly so I can eat here again!! YAY!!!!!!
*extra points for an up to date menu online!!!
My wife and I initially came here with the hope that they had gluten-free bread, but were initially disappointed. After sharing with the staff about the gluten allergy they recommended getting the cheesesteak over fried potatoes which would be gluten-free. It did not disappoint as they had a separate fryer for the potatoes and the meat was full of flavor and awesomeness. While my wife enjoyed that and I got to reap the rewards of her willing to share with me I got to also have their fried chicken sandwich special which came with kimchi and a soy glaze. The chicken was freshly fried and paired well with the soy glaze and kimchi. We left very satisfied with our lunch and did not miss the lack of gluten-free bread.
Believe the high rating. This place does great sandwiches!! My favorite is the whole pig banh mi! The braised beef is excellent but my go to is the banh mi. The fried potatoes are excellent too. They taste like a great combo between fried potatoes and chips. However, if you are ordering it to go I wouldn't recommend the potatoes because they don't travel well. They taste amazing fresh. I hope this place's quality stays high as I will keep coming back if it is.
Hands down the best sandwich I've had in Philadelphia. We had their Braised Beef and their Fried Chicken sandwiches. So delicious and you cannot beat the service! The owner was incredibly generous and kind and overall a fun guy to talk to. I highly recommend checking them out. And they have an after school special for $5 every Monday-Friday from 230-330! ($5 for a burger OR chicken fingers AND fries). Looking forward to trying to head over for their beer and friends event on Wednesday the Oct. 4!
Banh mi sandwich and burger were really good. Onion rings were not greasy and crispy. I would definitely eat here again. Good portion size as well so if you are eating with someone you can share.
The food here is always good, fresh ingredients and great variety. But today the service went that extra mile. I went in for some soup and mentioned I was getting over the stomach flu as I asked if the side grilled cheese was greasy or dry. When they handed me my to go order, they also gave me a bottle of ginger ale and told me to feel better. Made my day and guaranteed I'll be back. (And the grilled cheese was just what I needed, perfect on the road to recovery sandwich.) Thanks guys!
I live right by Stockyard and have been here a lot. I have tried the fried chicken sandwich, the stock burger, the hoagie of the day a few times, a few different versions of the build-your-own breakfast, the onion rings, the potatoes and the fried cauliflower. 

The food overall is really tasty. I would give 5 stars for flavor except for one thing: the greasy-ness is inconsistent. I ate here yesterday and my potatoes were perfectly crispy and not oily. This morning I got potatoes again and they were dripping in grease - like the whole container became saturated and I used napkins to sop up the grease they were swimming in. It's not just the potatoes, I have had two breakfast sandwiches that were soaked in grease and two that were perfect. When it is drenched in grease it is no joke, my hands get coated in it, which is not appealing! It makes everything soggy too. The chance that my food could be too greasy can make me choose to eat somewhere else - so I wish they would fix this issue. 

The people working here are cool, I always see the same crew. The specials are amazing! I like how you can come and get something totally new each time.
Whole Pig Banh Mi was amazing! We were only in Philly for the day and tried this place because of the reviews. It definitely lived up to the hype.
Came here twice today. Went by in the morning and got a everything muffin breakfast sandwich with egg whites and bacon. Great bread and good coffee from la colombe (although would be better if fresh brewed or made using drip on spot). Bacon was crisp and portion was good. Could be considered a little heavy for those that are on the health train.

Took half of the work team back for lunch and were impressed with the salads, the burger, and the sandwiches. Not crazy options but the sandwichs were heavy, but the meats well cooked. The salads were limited in options but was more akin to sweetgreen than saladworks

Its not a place that blows you away with amazing food like some established sit downs in philly but it has good  farm to table ingredients recipes and offers both the more typical philly diet with a spin and some lighter and more interesting options with their salads. Highly recommend those that work nearby to give it a shot. Its also very reasonably priced.
I just wanted to give a shout out to Stockyard Sandwich; I engaged them to provide some catering for a meeting at my firm and they were a great hit! Hot Sandwich tray (with Fried Chicken, Whole Pig Banh Mi, Falafel Banh Mi, and Braised Beef), Fried Potatoes, and Chocolate Chip Cookie tray... lots of compliments and requests for future events. Delivery was on time and no problems at all.

Do yourselves a favor and add Stockyard to your list of go-to catering vendors.
This place has excellent sandwiches, and some good vegan options for the veggie lover in your life.  I have had the pastrami special and the braised beef with homemade wiz.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced.  Sides are good too -- fried cauliflower, potatoes.  My wife had the salad, falafel, and also the brussell sprout sammy, all very good.
Stumbled upon Stockyard after seeing an Instagram post from Eater. After looking at Yelp, I was shocked to see that such a highly rated lunch spot existed only ONE block from my office and I had never heard of it. When I walked over, I realized why I never noticed it before. It's right next to an out of business Chinese spot and has nearly no sign. 

The food was delicious, the sides are HUGE and everything tastes homemade. Its clear that the chef puts a lot of thought into designing unique and delicious food. Between my coworkers and I, we had the burger, the spicy fried chicken sandwich, the onion rings, the fried potatoes and the brussell sprouts. Everything was perfectly greasy and HUGE. Well worth the $4 for each side.

Looking forward to trying breakfast!
Hands down the best, most fresh local version of a cheesesteak sandwich, with roasted beef shreds and home made white cheese, sautéed mushrooms and onions, and it's huge! Two people can share one. 
We also got a side of fried potato chunks, which were salted and tossed with parsley. They were delicious and a great twist on fries. 
The owner/manager and cook both came out to speak to us, refilled our drinks, asked us about ourselves and how we liked the food.
It felt like a really welcoming local place should
Feel, only the food was So Crazy Good I wanted them to become a chain!
You must must must go here!
I wasn't sure about this place as I walked by, but I gave it a shot. When I walked in, it looked like a hippy/hipster spot to me so wasn't sure about the food.  I decided on the chicken sandwich with a side of Brussels sprouts..all I can say is FABULOUS.  The Brussels sprouts were crispy and came w a sauce.  The chicken sandwich was juicy and delicious.  I will definitely be back!
This place is great! I live right around the corner and saw the stellar reviews and decided to stop by after a work out.

I got the vegetarian broccoli sandwich which had apples and a variety of other things in it which tasted surprisingly awesome together! I also tried my friend's butternut squash soup which was tasty but slightly lacking in salt and not warm at all but once we reheated it and added a pinch, it was awesome.

The space inside is fairly small so I would recommend it "to go" or go during non-peak hours if you want to find a seat. Also the service was a little slower than average but still yummy and worth checking out if you live in the area like me.
So good. SOOOOOO GOOD. 
OMG
The fact that there is a sandwich shop that is gormet, inexpensive AND caters to vegetarians makes me so happy. 
We were staying down the street at an Air BnB and went to this place 2 times in 24 hrs during our honeymoon. 

The owners are super sweet and accommodating. 
No frills. Just really good food.
Best burger by far in many months. You just can't get good like this where we live. Earns ever bit of 5 stars. Something for everyone.
I am so glad that I looked on Yelp before my trip to Philadelphia. I wanted some good food before the Eagles game. I've tried all of the famous Philly cheesesteak spots...as a foodie and a cook, I've been disappointed. But after viewing stockyard's menu, pictures and reviews...I started getting excited. 

I was expecting to have to wait in a super long line seeing as it seems to be rapidly growing in popularity. However, I didn't have to wait at all, I think everybody had already made it over to the game. If I lived in Philly, going to stockyard would be a religious experience for each Eagles game. 

The braised beef sandwich is the top notch echelon of cheesteaks. You will get cravings for this. I had it only yesterday and I am going through withdrawals. I'm tellin you, I would wanna work here just so I can eat the food, forget the money. My Dad got the brussel sprout and mushroom sandwich. I was equally if not more impressed when I tried it. Not a simple task to develop a delicious vegan sandwich, and it wasn't dry either. These guys know food, and there's no ego to go along with it. A humble sandwich shop that is prepared to quietly kick you in the face with flavor. Five stars.
Went to stockyard for breakfast today and it lived up to the rave reviews. I choose the build your own breakfast sandwich option, with the everything Philly muffin, bacon, and over hard egg. I also had a side of breakfast potatoes and stock sauce (spicy Russian dressing). Overall the food was absolutely delicious. The everything Philly muffin was unique and unlike anything I've had before, and it paired really well with the egg and bacon. The breakfast potatoes were perfectly cooked, extra crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Service was quick and friendly. I look forward to trying this place again for lunch!
Stumbled on this gem looking for a quick meal before work. Boy am I glad I tried this sandwich shop. This place is absolutely mind blowing. From customer service to the food. I've eaten at thousands of places and not once have I ever written a review. However, I felt compelled to do so after eating here. I tried the onion rings and the smoked chicken sandwich. Reasonably priced and fulfilling by far. The onion rings are the best I've ever tried in my life. Light batter yet crispy enough with a hint of salt. The sandwich was awesome as well. At this point, forget work. I'm ready to go to sleep. Mike (Co-Owner) you are the bomb.com bro! Customer service at its finest
This place has amazing food. The first time I came I had a breakfast sandwich and t was great. The second time was for lunch and the braised beef sandwich and burger were even better. Their sides are also excellent. I'm so glad I found this place.
Best breakfast sandwich in Philly easily. The vegetarian scrapple definitely stands out. This is a must try breakfast place for vegetarians or better yet anyone!!
Excellent food and customer service. I've been ordering lunch at least once a week from here for the past month and my whole team always loves it. Highly recommend.

Plus they always make sure to write the name clearly on each item - huge bonus when ordering large team orders!
Phenomenal sandwiches! My husband and I split two -- the braised beef with onions, mushrooms and whiz was incredible. We learned that everything is made in house (with the exception of bread, ketchup and mustard) - including their whiz, which was delicious because it was real cheese. I also really enjoyed the pulled BBQ chicken. Be careful, there were a few bones in my sandwich, but once I picked those out it was fine. Loved the cole slaw on top. The sandwiches were enough for us, but I overheard the table next to us commenting that the breakfast sandwiches and onion rolls were among the best they've ever had. Would definitely return for sandwiches and order some sides next time.
I had the whole pig bang Mi, it was truly truly amazing. I was licking my fingers literally!
Excellent local sandwich shop. I've had the banh-mi and the cheesesteak and both are amongst the best I've had in Philly. I haven't had the burger but a few friends have told me it's phenomenal. This place is undoubtedly worth a visit!
I'm gonna have to reserve a star until pastrami makes its way onto the lunch/dinner menu. That bit I had (on a burger) was fantastic.
I could eat the roasted broccoli every day!
