I like Stogie Joe's. It's South Philadelphia to a T and I enjoy the laid back, friendly neighborhood vibes. You get the sense that everyone knows each other. 

My husband and I were in the neighborhood and looking for a casual spot to watch the Sixers game. I was dying for wings and beer and a friend suggested Stogie Joe's. We lucked out with a four top facing the TVs at the bar so we were both able watch the game while having dinner. 

Our server was friendly, and I think a little impressed by my appetite. We ordered buffalo wings (fried, well done) and potato wedges to start. The wings were great! One order wasn't enough so we asked for another round and our server suggested we try the grilled wings, well done. It was a great suggestion because these were also awesome. We also shared a chicken parm sandwich, which was great. As I said, I was extra hungry! 

We had several rounds of draft beers and everything including tip came to under a hundred bucks. Considering we spent a good part of our evening there, that wasn't so bad. Cash-only which is pretty annoying in this day and age, but they have an ATM on site which helps. I'm looking forward to our next visit!
This experience was so bad I'm making sure every damn site across the internet has it. I'm pissed and upset and no one should be treated like this. I'm sorry that I have to give a review like this during covid but its warranted for the horrible treatment we recieved at this restaraunt. The food was alright,  nothing to really complain about. It's the service that was disgusting. We had a good waitress, forgot us a few times but was good. Let me start there. She wasnt the problem. It was another man who worked there, gorbstarters this man completely ignored is when we waited for a hostess , passed over us and asked if another family needed to get seated... hm. It was an older guy, bald white guy who walked around asking everyone if they were okay and if they wanted something (everyone but us) we did kept seeing him glance our way occasionally during the entire time, with a funny little glance.  funnily enough we were the only black people in attendance but for now we wont make this about race... let me just explain the crappy experience first. Towards the end of our meal he rushed us. They didnt have a wait or anything but for some reason he wanted us to leave. To the point where he started forcibly cleaning up the table even with us sitting there. He then proceeded to repeatedly tell us we had to leave. That it was time for us to go, etc. Weren't we done yet. I told him to give us 5 seconds and he literally hovered over me aggressively staring into my face and counting up to 5!! I've never met anyone so rude in my life. He literally stood beside me, too close for my liking.  Shoving all my stuff towards me in an attempt to get me to leave.  Literally everyone was just staring at Us in shock. We tipped really well and there were people at the restaurant who were there even longer than us. It really makes you wonder if he was just a racist?? Is this the type of people that stogie Joe's employs!?... I wonder... well I will see you that without a doubt he was definitely 100% a jerk. I have read so many good reviews about this place and I have such high expectations and they really met the market to the end. My experience was so horrible that I had to leave a reply and a one-star.
Stogie Joe's has become a fixture on the foodie nirvana thoroughfare known as Passyunk Avenue in South Philly.  It offers more casual and lower priced options than many of its famous neighbors.  Well if you've got any Philly cred you know that August is def Crab Gravy Season in town.  This is something to look forward to every year.  And Stogie Joe's comes in with a tasty and affordable Crab Gravy with Linguine.  Yes I would like a little more crabbiness (if that's a word in English) in Stogie Joe's version and I have tasted some better crab gravies (also more expensive) but the Crab Gravy with Linguine that I took out the other day  hit the spot at a fair price.  Keep Stogie Joe's in mind when Crab Gravy season happily rolls around again.
Nice little spot for lunch or dinner in South Philly. 

Came here for a work lunch and was treated well by the staff and the food was a solid - portion and flavor wise. It's pretty easy to find and seems to be a neighborhood favorite. 

Upon entry, we were greeted and were readily led towards the back to our seats. I liked that they were able to accommodate our large group without a reservation. We were all served water quickly and placed our orders soon after. 

I got the house salad and they were able to move a few ingredients out and put others in to make it vegetarian friendly. The food came out fast and ready to eat! The atmosphere is relaxed and casual and can see this as a nice happy hour spot after work or a place to meet up for drinks. 

Parking in the area is tight but can be found in the surrounding streets. We had taken a walk from work as it was a decent afternoon so not too bad to get to on site. 

Enjoy your time!
To the table of obnoxious, out-of-town d-bags sitting next to us and doing their worst "Yo, Joey!" imitations: Just because you saw The Sopranos once doesn't mean you know dick about South Philly.  We will cut your narrow white ass with a sword if you keep that garbage up.

Having got that off my chest, I can now expound on the wonder that is Stogie Joe's.  Where else is staffed by a mom-and-daughter server team who call you "hon" with zero irony and keep your table of 15 aswim in 15 different beverages?  Where else can you mingle with the many, many different types of folks who live on and around East Passyunk Ave?  Seriously, the patrons are gay, straight, young, old, Italian-American, transplant, local, hipster AND South Philly Willy and Millie. Where else can you lounge in a converted garage that is open to the breezes in fair weather and made snug by a roaring fireplace in foul?

Besides the lively Tuesday-night karaoke scene, Stogie's is stellar for thick-crust, square pizza, mussels in marinara and meatball parm sammies.  My personal go-to is the Stogie Joe stromboli, an epic fatty of thin-rolled dough, salami, prosciutto, provolone and some herbs.  No pesky vegetables here!  The monster is $10 and enough for two people to share. 

The whole place is cash only, but when you brandish your ATM receipt to the bartender, you get a FREE BEER!  That's right, a free beer in return for using the cash machine.  Is this South Philly, or... heaven?
I had a need to be in the area yesterday and Stogie Joe's was on my list of bars to crawl. Am I glad I did.  Although I'm from the burbs I much prefer a classic South Philly bar to the sanitized joints often found on the mainline. 
 
So I'm sitting at the bar taking in the atmosphere, sipping a drink and listing to Zeppelin on the juke box.  The guy next to me orders the quickly becoming legendary Stogie Joe Stromboli.  I've listened to many people rave about this baby so I was pleased that I would see one.  When it arrived it smelled and looked wonderful. When I said as much to my neighbor he quickly obtained another plate and sawed me off a chunk.  It tasted as good as it smelled.  Stromboli's can be deceptively tricky to make well.  If you get the proportions wrong they turn into a gooey mess.  This one had just the right amount of spicy cheese and excellent Italian meats.  The dough was the perfect thickness.  It was easy to see why it gets all the raves.

So I enjoyed the atmosphere and loved the food.  I've bookmarked this place to visit again.
First time here during happy hour, I ask for a table outside for 3. I am the first here. There is no line and four tables are open on the sidewalk. The waiter tells me I have to wait until the other two arrive. He doesn't ask how long they will be? So mean while I have to stand in the middle of the bar since there's only one chair available to squeeze in to. A table for three is the same for a table for one. Either he is an idiot or has something against non-regulars. He walked around me a few times too. I really wanted to like this place but I can't handle stupidity.  

The bartender offered free pizza to the regulars first. Then after they all declined and a few minutes later, he offered me a slice. No thank you. I'll go some place where I am treated equally.
I woke up this morning, basking in the hot sun, in the middle of the sidewalk, wondering where all my cocktail bruises came from. Then I remembered how it all started. When my friend agreed to attend a cocktail event with me, we somehow ended up taking complete advantage of the open bar. One drink lead to seven and next thing I know, I'm singing karaoke to a bar packed with gay men. 

Turns out, that bar was Stogie Joe's and what I thought would be a low-key night out ended being a famous Tuesday jaunt. Despite how busy the bar was, I literally had no problem getting a drink. Stogie's is the perfect neighborhood spot if you're looking for South Philly Italians. It's definitely not a gay bar, but just gay for last night- like a lot of people I know.   

I didn't actually wake up on the sidewalk. Thanks.
Eat here often and love the food and atmosphere but sadly will never be returning due the the Miserable ass waitress hovering over us and pacing back and forth staring us down to leave because she wanted to turn over the table . Thanks for ruining my engagement celebration .
Blergh.  I don't even know how to pronounce my description of this place, but I think that I got the spelling correct.

The table service was ridiculously slow. Our appetizers and meals came out at different times and we had 3 different servers. With no idea who to talk to about this issue, I will just air my grievances on Yelp.

If you're in the mood for a cheesy bar experience that tries to be interesting and hip, this is the place for you. Complete with d-bag music and style, Stogie Joes takes crap to the next level with pedestrian food choices they may or may not get to your table before you pass out. 

The only plus to the experience was that they brought a pitcher of soda to the one soda drinker at the table... which was clutch since the rest of us had to turn to it because they forgot our second round of beers.

TL;DR - Save yourself some money and frustration - go elsewhere. It would be more satisfying to drink from the bar rag of another decent bar.
A friend warned me about the bad service but I didn't listen. It wasn't busy and a simple pizza took over 45 minutes to get to our table. No apologies, and frankly, it wasn't anything special. Our cocktails were just average too. I've read good reviews about this place but really, so much better can be had in South Philly than this.
Came here with friends during the weekend. Expected a typical pub-style dinner and was really disappointed. Ordered mac and cheese and LITERALLY got overcooked pasta with packaged shredded cheddar cheese microwaved on top. Truly don't even know what they were thinking - it was terrible and was expensive. 

As a side note, a lot of people order the pizza here which I did have the opportunity to try during the Passyunk street fair. I thought the pizza was fair (3.5 stars) and can see why some people like it. That may be their only redeeming quality though - as any place that microwaves their food is not a quality restaurant.
We wandered past this place during a stroll on Passyunk and thought it'd be a nice stop for some drinks. Sure enough the drinks were delicious. Unfortunately the service was god awful, severely rude, and amateur. I haven't left a place with such a bad taste in my mouth in quite a while. It is apparently a crime to order drinks and not food. The punishment for this crime includes being patronized sarcastically, being ignored, and having your bill thrown in your face. I'll tell you, there are a hell of a lot of places to eat and drink in Philly and I definitely do not recommend this one!
On a Friday night, we ordered delivery and were told an hour. We accepted the hour wait. However, that turned into 1 hour and 45 minutes. We called twice and they kept telling us that the food would be here soon. However, 45 minutes late and cold pizza was not what we expected from this place. No call back from the manager, after the person on the phone said they would talk to the manager. When the delivery guy showed up, he barely got out of his car and made me walk out in to the rain to get my cold pizza and he didn't even say, "hey, sorry for the delay."

We had to put the pizza in our oven to heat up the pizza and still waiting to eat it.
I go to this restaurant often but won't be returning.  I ordered muscles in red sauce and literally had to spit the first two out.  I sent them back and the manager came out of the kitchen to debate with me regarding the muscles being "good".  I explained that I eat muscles all the time and that I couldn't eat these.  He repeatedly said "they are fine".  It was rude and unprofessional.  The remainder of the meal was mediocre at best.  Again, I won't be going back.
Meh is right ... Not a fan for the following reasons:
-Cash only ( I mean really ) i get it but no 
-Drink to price ratio way off for South Philly ... I paid 10.45 for a soli doli 75%ice 15%pina and 10%vodka def not worth the hype or price (Capital Grilles' is way better and a fraction of the cost)
-Weird bathroom situation (very 2nd grade one in one out style)
I probably wouldn't come back even for the food which I hear is pretty good.
Service was very south philly you already know what I mean 
With so many options on E-PYUNK I probably wont ever go back
My favorite things at Stogie Joes, In no particular order:
-The House salad, that says it feeds 2 but is a delightful nosh for up to 5 
-The Meatballs. God damn the meatballs. I've just walked down the street and said "screw it, I'm sitting down for a meatball" ONE meatball, Have you ever gone somewhere just for one delicious delicious ball of magical meat? 
-The rigatoni bolognese. What is in this stuff? Seriously, are there drugs in this? 
-Pizza. I'm from NJ, I scoffed loudly at the thought of sauce on top, and I am so very happy to eat both my words and this crispy crust yet slightly chewy bottomed divine creation. 
-THE SAUSAGE BITES. I will order these a night before and eat them for breakfast. I'll eat them for lunch, I'll have them as desert. I am addicted, I'm shaking a little thinking about them. My dog has torn into more than one bag to get to these, and then she rolls in the BBQ sauce. I CAN'T EVEN GET MAD AT HER. I'd do it too...goddamn societal norms. 

The prices are cheap! 
The staff is so friendly and helpful. (except this one kid, but whatever one bad apple does not ruin this bunch!) 

The bad:
Meh wine selection (me being a wine connoisseur with my sausage bites).
CASH ONLY! (Not really a huge deal, but they used to do a thing where you'd get a free mug of cruddy beer with your ATM receipt but I don't think they do that anymore) 

Interesting: 
Fireplace! (in a converted garage looking thingie!)
Outdoor seating! 
THE BEST KARAOKE IN A TOWNIE BAR EVER! Some people take it very seriously and I can respect that.
In fact they have a thing going on all the damn time, bands outside, beer on the sidewalk etc. 
You ever see that one episode of Seinfeld where Elaine tries to get a job at the diner on a bet and she can't because all the waitresses have one "similarity" yeah its almost eerie. 

I love having this place in my hood. I love everything about it. Go here! WAIT NO DON'T!  I still want to get a table when I want. 
--
went on recommendations of friends who loved it. so cute. great addition to the neighborhood. love the outside seating. had some drinks and a pizza with a friend. noel was or server. she was great. enthusiastic and helpful. the pizza was really good. the atmosphere was comfy. i love what is going on on passyunk ave. almost no reason to go into center city anymore. this hood is getting sexier by the minute.
Probably one of the worst places in the
neighborhood that is full of very good food. The owner allows his workers/regulars to act as if they are in a Martin Scorsese film trying to fight and run their mouth. Food is sub par at best and beer is over priced. Head anywhere else down the avenue and your time/experience/food will be a thousand times better.
Came in with a group of 11. We all ordered a drink and it took over 15 minutes to receive the 1st round. Within 20 minutes they asked us all to leave if we weren't ordering more drinks. We were still drinking our 1st round.

I understand they wanted to make rooms for faster drinkers or food orders but it's not the best way to make a first impression on a customer. 

Wouldn't go back here.
This is NOT your normal bar food. Seriously, their Mussels in white wine/olive oil with cannelloni beans is amazing. And their Broccoli Rabe is maybe the best I've ever had. Never too mushy and flavor is fantastic. Tony almost ALWAYS orders a Stromboli. He usually gets the Pepperoni, although I prefer the Spinach and Cheese. Oh, and their Eggplant Parm is HU-MON-GOUS! I get it sometimes but instead of the regular spaghetti and have the Linguini with Garlic and Olive Oil. Perfection. Plus I have enough for lunch the next day!
This place is out of control! If you are looking to have a meal? You will be repulsed at the atmosphere and the people in there. We witnessed a couple yesterday at table in the middle of the restaurant making a spectacle of themselves. She had her shoes off and the ( I can't call him a man ) she was with was rubbing her feet, applying salt, and sucking her toes. They were with a large group. I tossed my cookies. My fiancé had his arm slammed by the kitchen door several times with NO apology from the staff as he kept quiet. I than, got my already broken fingers jammed into my seat as customers lined up behind me for the restroom. I saw stars. At this point, I lost it and demanded a manager. I was told, " there is no manager on duty." How the hell does an establishment NOT have a "manager" on duty. I refused to pay the bill. They made a mockery and did not treat us properly. We were not the only customers appalled.  I will never step foot in that establishment! Especially, one that allows chaos and employees to be out of line and "not" have a "manager" on duty. I recommend everyone who works hard for their money to do the same. Just FYI... The video doesn't capture anything... There are children at the table. And, this "person"
Is touching disgusting feet and infecting people. Let's keep that in mind.
Three blocks south of the POPE was another stop for us during Beer Week.  The special beer was an ice-filled 5 bottle bucket of Southern Tier beers for the low low price of $15.  The best bargain on Passyunk this Wednesday night.

Natalie our server was very attentive and helpful.  She also help make our food decisions easy.  The Stogie Joe's house salad was so big it was enough for the table to share, chock-full of goodies such as salami, provolone, the real good black olives, and simply dressed with the oil and vinegar which tastes take me back to the days my Grandmother (Italian through and through) made us dinner on Sunday nights many many years ago.  Delicious!!
 
The ravioli special this evening was very very good with spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, herbs, etc.  The square pizza had a nice crisp crust and was as good as it gets in South Philly.

I was very pleased, and look forward to a return visit.
I see that this place gets stellar reviews so I decided to check it out, being one of the few bars on Passyunk I have yet to experience.  I have to say I won't be wasting my money here again.

First off, they are cash-only.  I didn't see any signs that they were cash only and didn't notice any signs after discovering they are cash only.  They have an ATM, but it put my date and I in a bit of a spot since neither of us were expecting it.  It's 2012.  Get the Square.

All of the waitresses looked the exact same and our's seemed very rushy every time she came to the table and got huffy when we weren't ready.  I wasn't overly impressed with their beer selection and I wasn't clear on what was drafts or not and ended up with a canned beer.

I also wasn't overly impressed with the menu or the price of it.  I really wanted fries with my meatball sub but wasn't about to pay for them....perhaps I'm old fashioned but I just feel like for the price, my sandwich should come with fries.  Boyfriend got the spaghetti and was kind of put off that he had to purchase meatballs a-la-carte for it.  Neither meal was very impressive at all.

I was also put off by the fact that they were letting children in at such a late time.  A family of about 8 came in with 2 kids and were standing in my personal space as we were sitting at a two-top.  The whole family felt the need to crowd around the little gambling game thing at the table next to us as they let their kids play it.  That's not really the bar's fault, but it added to my crankiness of the waitress and the lackluster food.

Considering how many amazing spots I have found on Passyunk Ave, I won't be back to this one.  It takes a lot for me to be this unimpressed with a place.
Just received my order and the food is awful.  I order linguine with aioli and garlic and my pasta is dry and clumpy.  The risotto, my friend ordered, was suppose to come with shrimp and mushrooms and there is no shrimp.  When we called the restaurant the manager was rude and didn't care at all. Never ordering from there again!
We never got to eat there, because the server a  girl with a tattoo on the back of her neck was so fresh to my husband. She admonished him for picking a table.  She said the other people were first and had to choose first.  Passyunk has always had a reputation for attitudes.  We left immediately.
My fiancee and I were here last night, and let me say this. The food was fine, so if that's all you care about then this is somewhere that will work for you. Now, on to the negative:

1. No credit/debit policy. This is always a big red flag for me and reeks of tax/employment issues. The fact that I have to spend $2.50 for the ability to pay you in 2017 is insane. Get with the times.

2. Portions. For me, there wasn't enough food. If I'm going to spend $9.00 on a meatball sandwich that doesn't come with any sides, at least give me more than 3 meatballs. To make up for the lack of sides we ordered the potato wedges and spinach. Again, the portions were way too small. I feel like this is common on Passyunk, but if you're hungry, don't bother eating here.

My biggest gripe is that I feel like I was taken for a ride by the restaurant, and that will always leave a bad feeling in your stomach.
The pizza was the worst I've ever had.
Suppoto be a white pizza with brocolli rave and Italian sausage. 
The pizza was overdone and dry.
Roast pork sandwich had zero flavor and loaded fires overpriced at $9.00. Lunch for 2 with a few drinks was $90.00 before tip.  Wont be returning.
This place was suggested so I tried.  Sorry to say I wasn't impressed.  Bad wine, 4 oz. Menu said pint of beer. The  was a half a pint . Was told we got a bonus the first time. Garlic bread was old Kaiser rolls. Went to pay . Waiter said cash only, I should have read the menu.  I did hear the pizza was good???
It was ok. Was suggested by someone in our group. Neither of us realized it was cash only! What bar/ restaurant does that these days ? There's no sign at the door so you're stuck using their ATM machine. I hate that. High transaction fee and I avoid these machines like the plague. 

Food was ok. Nice server but service was meh. We'll pick a different place next time.
Wouldn't ever drive here again.  Service was ok, delivered wrong appetizer order and delivered the wrong drink to the table.  May have something to do with them pooling their tips.  You never have the same person take your order AND deliver.  The potato wedge order was laughable, a plastic container with some sauce in it and maybe 5 small  wedges that were cut in quarters.  5 total pieces that were inedible.   The pizza was good but way too much sauce and not enough meat as others have pointed out.   The Stromboli was average.  The Diablo oysters were outstanding.   Beer selection was good which would get me to go back only if I was in the area and could walk there
The white pizza we ordered with sausage and broccoli rabe had no rabe and a very scant amount of sausage. Lack of toppings on a white pizza made for a very dry pizza. 

Didn't feel like dodging the MC in my ear and "dancers" in the way to go back for a corrected order and Eat24 tried to resolve by contacting with no success.
Went here for lunch.
 
1) It's cash only come on its 2012 figure it out and, no, trying to tell me to use your ATM so I can pay an additional fee to get cash is unacceptable.

2) It is surprisingly expensive for the food and service provided.

3) They nickel and dime/price gouge. I ordered a sandwich and anything other than just the meat cost a dollar extra per topping. The sandwich was not very big and already cost $7.50 to start.

4) They only have five beers on draft and three of them are poor quality Miller-esque beers another is guinness. I expect more from anything calling itself a tavern.

5) My total for a crappy sandwich, a light beer, and a small tomato pizza was $30 in cash.

6) it almost seemed like it was the waitresses job to tell me everything they couldn't do or they didn't have which was upsetting. I was almost inclined to ask for a list of the things the restaurant did offer so I didn't have to keep guessing.

The establishment itself is pretty cool but everything beyond that was poorly executed which was unfortunate considering with some tweaks could be an awesome place. I wouldn't write this place off and would like to see improvements but I did leave here upset.
I probably never would have tried Stogie Joe's on my own. I don't know why. I walked past it plenty of hungry times. It took my brother moving around the corner and giving the pizza a try one night. He called me to let me know that I have been missing things. He told me that I needed to see about this pizza. All we do is talk about food, I tell you. Recipes, restaurants, food conversations constantly... Hmm..if only there were an outlet for these kind of ramblings. 

So anyway, as you might expect, I'm not one to turn down a pizza invitation. 

That being said, I really can be an unbearable snoot if a pie or a slice is not to my liking. I know I can be a jerk about my thin, crispy crust NY style preferences; these kind of demands. 

Stogie Joe's pizza meets none of my usual criteria and yet I like it. I totally like it. Tasty business is that square crust with crunch, topped with cheese, then sauce on top. As the sauce bakes unblanketed, it becomes even more tomatoey-concentrated. It's just good eatin.

This review is based on take out pizzas. I've only ever had a beer brand beer or two at the bar as I waited.  Friendly service! I've never eaten in the restaurant itself, but it looks cozy by the fire in the Winter and it looks breezy along Passyunk in the warmer months. I wouldn't turn down a pizza invitation to Stogie Joes. 

In other news, I wouldn't turn down a stromboli invitation to Stogie Joe's either.
Great pizza here! Square pizza with sauce on top, but man it disappears fast when you go with a group! 

Interesting recommendation from me would be the sausage bites for an app. I got them once and always seem to order them when I go back. They have a sweet sauce to go with them, or more of a spicy tangy sauce. You have the option of both. 

There's a bar and TVs. Good place for a pizza, wings, sports if that's what you're looking for.

Cash only!
Sorry, but very disappointed. The location has improved over the years but Stogie's fell short on expectation as we could not wait to leave. Beer glasses dirty, signature ribs were bland but the worst part is the attitudes of the local patrons and service staff. Seems like they allow anybody with a big dog and body odor to barge in and sit wherever and whenever. We had a customer with a dog bother us while we were trying to eat trying to sit at our table and then rudely confront us when we said we did not want to move. Then manager came over and asked us to move...really...then waitress drpped the check on our table 20 seconds later to try and force us to leave. Place is a joke, never in my life treated so rudely. $100 for a couple drinks and so par food...never, never again. Run, don't walk past this wannabe city social spot.
It was a fun bar with good food at a reasonable price. Funky decor, hipster vibe but they were still nice to me! In the heart of Passyunk Ave. with so many great choices it's hard for me to end up here but I do and I always enjoy myself. Stay away from the Pizza but the sandwiches are Rock solid Philly style.
Service- Good attentive service
Food- The food was really yummy, the noodles well cooked and shrimp decent size. Was sad the french onion soup was a beef broth but I understand that seems to be standard many places. My only reason for 4 stars was that when I take into consideration the price-portion-and taste I would have liked it to either fill me up a tad more or been a tad more memorable tasting. Regardless, all the food was very good and I'd reccommend everything in my pictures show . 
Atmosphere- I quite enjoyed sitting outside under the tent with all the heaters, it was cozy and toasty.
This weill established bar is too cheap to accept debit and credit cards. The service was great, but instead of the $5 tip they should have received, I left $3 cause the ATM took $2.50 of my money.  Shame on you Joe, get with the times, people don't expect to have to walk around Philly with cash in their wallets.
The staff at this restaurant is the most attentive staff I've ever seen at a restaurant before. They all work as a team and get things done so quickly. Our table never had an empty glass or an empty dish during the entire time we were there. They were welcoming, knowledgeable, and none of them looked overwhelmed. The food was good. The Buffalo wings were my favorite, they were very well seasoned and the Buffalo sauce had the perfect amount of spice. The pizza in my opinion could've used a little more flavor on the crust. The crab gravy pasta was good too. I didn't really like the loaded fries, they were too soggy for my taste. The bourbon sunshine cocktail was really good!!
I have to say, I love the food here, but the delivery service is terrible. I've ordered delivery three times and am 1 for 3. They delivered to the wrong address, told GrubHub they'd bring me my food and then never showed up. Needless to say, GrubHub issued me a refund. The third time, today, I called after waiting 1.5 hours for my food to be delivered and was informed that someone "tried" to deliver it but no one answered the door. I was on the couch in front of the door that whole time, my friends, and only had one missed call from an unknown number. Not a single person showed up to my door to knock. Laziness at its finest. I was told I'd get my order remade and re-delivered. It has since been another hour and still nothing. Never ordering from here again, and that's a shame, because I really did like the food. I am extremely disappointed in this customer service.
Every time that I have eaten here or ordered, I was disappointed. the waitresses and service all in all suck. i've had two older ladies as waitresses the two times that i've been there. waited nearly 30 mins for water. so i had to walk up to the bar for water. then the waitress came over to refill my glass when she watched me get out of my seat. the food takes ridiculously long. i went there before 1 and expected to leave 2-2:30. nope. left close to 3:30. also had my stromboli come out BEFORE a caesar salad. ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich but said i didn't want it because the sandwich came out 20 mins after my salad and stromboli. waiting for my check was even worst. watched the server print the check and instead of turning around and handing us the check so we could get out of there, she completely avoided us and walked outside and came in the bar door. i watched her walk around and stop and talk to people. literally waited 10 mins for her to drop the check. the waitresses are older in age. all look close to 50 with botox, maybe that's why they take their time. ordered off of grub hub and it nearly took an hour and a half for a SALAD to be delivered. this place is ridiculous.
Ordered from here @7pm tonight via grubhub....its 9pm and still no food.  

Have to be somewhere at 930, guess I'm going hungry and eating elsewhere. 

Never ordering from here again.
Food is good. But its unfortunate that the service is poor. I ordered four entrees, and as I walked in for pickup, the waitress manually gave me "ALL" the items. I came home and realized two of them were not there. Currently still waiting for now my two wilted salads on hour 2. Eat inside if you want the food.
When it comes to hitting a bar & restaurant around East Passyunk proper;I generally find myself hitting up the likes of P.O.P.E., Lucky 13, South Philly Tap Room, Cantina, Birra, and a few other options over Stogie Joe's. But If I'm looking for that true neighborhood bar spot that's sometimes low key and other times jam packed, its Stogie that delivers.

The name is fairly misleading given that the first thing you expect when you hear it is a cigar bar. But once inside you get chill workers and locals, a beer list that ranges from Yuengling to craft brews for a reasonable price, and a food lmenu that ranges from fried goodness to slightly better.

So while this middle ground A-OK review reflects on what you'll find here compared to its jam packed surroundings, it isn't to say that its an ill reflection. Just that its a solid spot for
I love a bar with all the locals; makes me want to move to the city :)
Fun bar with a great food menu and beer selection.
Sports on the tvs, a classic mix of music, and ok service. 
The bolognese is seriously awesome, even at almost midnight.

Don't get caught by surprise like we did, cash only!!
Giving this place 2 stars for their respectable BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Otherwise our experience was notably lackluster. Service is pretty poor: we were given rocks glasses for the bottled beer we ordered despite the fact that everyone around us had pint glasses. On that note, their beer selection is wholly underwhelming when you consider the other establishments in the area.  When we finished and I received the check, I put my debit card down not realizing it's cash only... not a problem in itself, however we waited for 15+ minutes while multiple staff passed our table before a server (not ours) informed me it was cash only and pointed out where the ATM was. Probably won't return with there being so many better alternatives in the area.
This is the spot for a delicious and fun evening on Passyunk! 
I hadn't stopped in before because it looked a little dark inside. But since Covid added much more outside seating, it made it much more appealing. 

We walked around Passyunk on a Friday night at 8 pm with a party of 6. Mission impossible. 
But they kindly sat us and made accommodations to our two tables beside one another since they can ***only sit four people maximum at a time at a table. 

Our server Natalie was a doll! She was very attentive and very punctual! We had everything we needed! 

The mozzarella and tomato sauce pizza (like a tomato pie w Mozz) is DELICIOUS. Served hot and mouth watering. We ate it UP. And the 10 year old didn't miss a bite! 

I ordered the Ferrano Sweet Pepper sandwich and it was really really amazing. Great temperature and generous portion sizes! The hummus platter was beautiful! The hummus could have had more flavor but they put more veggies in the center and they had delicious flavor on top. 

Everything was so delicious and we left so happy and eager to return! Thank you!!
Me, two friend and 2 companions(service dogs) walks into the premises and gets greeted by a distraught waitress who says no dogs allowed in the building, understandable because it is a good serving place, so we tell her they are service dogs are are legally allowed to be in here, she then listens to us and proceeds to  get her manager, who then comes out with the same distraught greeting and attitude (shaking his hand left and right and saying no dogs allowed, well good afternoon and welcome to you too). We tell him the same thing that they are service dogs and we have ID for them, he tries to give us an option of sitting outside which I appreciate but we want to dine inside because it's August, hot af outside and it's about to pour rain. He then goes somewhere to check something but we were already bummed by their attitude, I can't rate their food since we didn't even get greeted lol. I'm not mad at them but I'm mad at their approach. We went to Fuel instead, one block down the street and healthier. They even gave the doggos water. Bless.
Stopped at Stogie Joe's for lunch today. It took almost 40 minutes to get my burger once it was ordered. When the burger arrived it was mediocre...not a
bad burger but not a good burger either. The burger came with potato wedges and there were literally 2 potato wedges on the plate. Not cool. 
I've read that the pizza is good here but after my burger experience, I'll pass on coming back for the pizza.
Went there with my coworkers. Small place but great atmosphere. We ordered a few things to share. The house salad, spinach and cheese stromboli, pepperoni and cheese stromboli, and mushroom and spinach pizza. Everything was really good. The pizza had a lot of flavors. The stromboli's had a nice crispy crust. I really enjoyed the house salad. I would go back again for sure.
Meh. I don't think that I will be stopping by any time soon. There are so many other much, much better restaurants on this street that this can be avoided. 

My friend and I met up here to try it. There was two of us and asked for a 4-top. A third friend was meeting us in a few minutes. Our server told us that he would only seat us at  the 2 person corner table situated behind a large group of people. Said we could try pulling up a chair for the other friend later. The table was very small and others were available, he just wouldn't allow us to sit at a bigger table. Weird. And annoying. 

We were in the mood for lots of drinking and ordered the $3 margarita specials. The drinks were pretty strong for three bucks which was nice but the server was very annoyed that we wanted to drink and order apps instead of eating full meals. He made this very apparent by rolling his eyes and ignoring us. Ignored us for quite awhile even when we tried to order more drinks and apps. We ended up feeling guilty so we ordered dinners. We should have just skipped it. He continued acting vert annoyed and had a bad attitude the entire time. 

The meatball sub was pretty good though. They were running a $10 special that got you a sub and a craft bottle. Not bad. 

Cash only though so prepare yourself.
Always love ordering from here for the house salad ( because of all the meats and every thing they load into it) just ordered a house salad and got lettuce and croutons .. All the money we spend here I'm very disappointed
The Stogie Joe's is not only in the heart of south philly, it has a great menu, wonderful service, and a really cool screened in garage complete with fireplace and overflow seating from the bar room. I am sitting at a high top because the bar is already full at 6pm on a Saturday. Regardless I am served right away. Food and drinks keep coming out quickly every time I placed add-ons. I'm really impressed with how everything comes out just right. 

After blazing through a succulent deer stew ala "venison chili" and keystone lager, I need a recommendation because it is my first visit here. My waitress offers her personal favorite: white pizza with sausage and tomato slices. I add sauce, because white is not my first choice. The sauce was very different, it is so wet that it practically overflows onto the pan! 

The small was perfect for two people (12"x12") but I finished the whole because it was too delicious to leave any. 

Note: cash only!
The service sucks either they forget your order or don't put it in correctly. The waitress/waiters are unfriendly. The only good thing there is the food and that depends on how long you want to wait for it. The pizza we ordered took over and hour before we got it.
This is my second time here and I absolutely love it! The first time I got the house salad which comes with salami, peppers, cucumbers, and a delicious dressing. I also got the potato logs with cheese. SO GOOD! One of the best house salads ever. The second time I visited which was 7/28/15, I got the house salad again and I also got the spinach and cheese Stromboli. Delicious!!! I think I'll always get the house salad everytime I visit Stogie Joe's because that's how much I love it. The Stromboli was huge and it was only $9. I even got to take 4 pieces home and it'll be my lunch for work!

This is a cash only restaurant but they have a full bar. They have everyday specials which is awesome: $3 margaritas, $5 shot/beer, and other ones. They also have Quizzo on Mondays and Crab/Mac on Tuesdays.

I cannot wait to go back!!! :)
I really wanted to like this place.

It's really too bad that it turned out to be exactly what I expected it was going to be. If you like slow service, getting sideways looks from regulars, and choosing from Bud, Miller, or Coors on draft, you'll love Stogie Joe's. 

I would have given them one, but they earned another with their crazy ass garage-door-enclosed patio.
Just went in for a pitcher after eating at Marra's.  It's a cozy, little neighborhood pub with 30-40ish South Philly Italians having a good time at the bar and in the dining room area with the fireplace.  On a rainy Friday after Christmas there was plenty of space.  A typical tap selection with mostly big domestics.  They did have Yards Pale ale on tap.  A terrible song came on the jukebox and we decided to head elsewhere for better beer.  However, I would consider coming back for drinks and to try the food.
This is one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to.

I'm tempted to give them 2 stars, but the food is pretty good.  The pizza is out of this world delicious, which is pretty much the only reason I keep going back.  This place is cash only and there is a ATM inside.  If you plan to drink, stick to bottled beer or whatever wine they have.  

My boyfriend and I been here maybe 5 times and two of those times we ordered mixed drinks from the bar... and they were horrible.  I can pretty much tolerate drinking anything, but I actually had to return my cocktail it was so bad. (I think only three times in my life have I returned something to the kitchen/bar just to provide perspective.)  I've even ordered draft beer here that tasted flat (as if the keg just kicked).  When I talked the waitress about it she gave me attitude and still charged me for the drink despite that I returned it. Not cool.

My boyfriend and I have been here during the week, on Saturday afternoons and Sunday nights.  The service is always inattentive and surly. 

One time on a Sunday we went for dinner and after taking our order our waitress stepped outside to smoke for about 20 minutes.  Eventually someone from the kitchen brought our food out and asked where our waitress was.  We told him we didn't know. Before diving into our pizza, we realized we needed silverware.  As our waitress was no where to be found (still), my boyfriend went into the kitchen to ask for cutlery. That's the type of service you can expect. 

Other times we've been seated and ignored.  

Really, if it wasn't for the pizza and the occasionally good dish of broccoli rabe we wouldn't return. The service is poor and everyone seems to have an attitude for no reason on at all.  This restaurant could have something great if they just cared a little bit more.
we descended, en masse, to celebrate my best pal's day of birth. when i say en masse, i'm not screwing around....there were, at peak, around 15 of us.

the waitresses kept their cool, kept us in drinks, and delivered about million food orders fabulously and with courtesy!! nice, right? seriously...it was awesome. i must add, this was a saturday night, during dinner when we rolled in. to get such great treatment, service, etc during that time tells you how rad this joint is.

the food was pretty damn good. everyone got different dishes, and we passed them around. standouts were the mussels (both a nicely spicy red, and a lovely white), the Santucci's style square pie, a damnably large and tasty chicken caesar salad, and i was told that the sausage was quite fine as well.

shit. the only drawback? probably the weirdest damn jukebox i've come across in a long while.

i want to go back, with just the fam, for a more sedate dining experience. the crux? i'll def be back!
Got lunch here with my friends after walking down Passyunk to see what was open.  After looking at the menu we decided that we wanted pizza and wings.  They were both pretty okay, but I did think that $2 per topping on a large pizza was a little steep; however, I didn't mind paying a little extra, especially if it means supporting a local business. 

I did enjoy the thiness of the crust, and it was interesting to eat a pizza prepared upside down (cheese first, the sauce on top.)  I just feel like the sauce could've used a a little more flavor.

I would try Stogie Joe's again, but I will try something different on my next visit.
Good rate on specials but after one round of drinks and some potato wedges our waitress left and didn't appear again for 20+ minutes-- we hailed another waitress to find her, but still no sign of her. Finally we left the cash payment and tip on the table and left, but as we were getting into our car two blocks away she caught up to us asking for the money. We told her we left it on the table and she left without apologizing. Needless to say not great service.
Very much a South Philly neighborhood spot for locals to go - I used to frequent this place almost once a week for the amazing pizza, meatballs, and broccoli rabe. However, over the past year I have felt that the quality of food has declined pretty substantially. They must have cut costs in the ingredient department or something because the pizza is now chewy and somewhat bland (a major surprise to me considering that is their staple item). The meatballs are still decent, but something just doesn't feel right about them anymore. 

Say what you will about the food, but you can't beat the prices. Cheap booze, cheap food, and a fun atmosphere is what this place has going for it. The food, not so much anymore :/ 

I used to love this place, now I feel like it's only mediocre. I would love to give this 5 stars but I just don't feel that way anymore. I look forward to when Stogie Joe's will be getting back to their original, quality food, roots!
To be fair to a relatively new place in the neighborhood we have given Stogie Joe's a try three times because, well I guess we really WANT to like it, but it's just not working out so well. 
When they first opened there were little mugs of mediocre beers along with meatballs with semi frozen centers that had to be sent back, second time, absolute seating chaos and very non-remarkable sandwiches. 

This past weekend we thought, okay, one more time. The reviews were looking better, they have been around longer, and maybe they have finally gotten all the kinks worked out? 

Well, kind of.  

They do have nice pint sized glasses for the mediocre beer which is a plus, the waitresses were very nice & well informed re the menu - another plus.
 But, in the end, I really resent paying $9.50 for a cheeseburger that is made from a perfectly circular, perfectly flat, frozen beef patty puck with just three puny potato wedges and a soggy pickle spear, when, for 50 cents more, you can get an outrageously delicious, fresh made burger at the Royal Tavern that comes with multiple French fries. (I never counted how many, but it was well over three)

Don't even try to tell me that that $16 pork chop wasn't frozen either, because it was.

 I guess we should have had the pizza since all your reviews rave about it, but I'll probably just go to Marra's or Slice instead.

Sorry Stogie.
Food was good but I got a delivery it took an hour or so not too bad but when the food got to my house It smelled like the delivery man smoked a pack of cigarettes which I skeeve so it was very unpleasant. Was not happy because it was the 2nd time it happened from same delivery driver
we sat next to the fire place one night and it was cute and cozy. our server was an older woman who was kind of forgetful .. never did get those mussels we ordered, unfortunately. the food was simple but good slightly high prices but eh
I've been there several times now, and the place just consistently has bad service.  

I ordered the shrimp ceasar for dinner.  It only had 3 pieces of shrimp on it!  My boyfriend ordered a sandwich and he got it about 10 minutes after I got my food.  So that wasn't good.  

Another time, they completely forgot to bring my boyfriend's meal for about a half hour after everyone else's food was out.  So as you can imagine, this is not his favorite place. 

At least they have a descent beer selection.
We had the Stromboli the Stogie Joe's Stromboli amazing flavor fresh good, we had two drinks both .... 



update they used one of my photos for their feature I am humbled but shiitt Stogi Joe better hook a bro up with a beer next time a brotha in Philly lol.
Saw this place on tv and wife wanted to try it. It wasn't too busy and even parking wasn't too bad for a place that was just featured on a cooking show. $35 for crab pasta and a Stromboli isn't too bad I guess... except the pasta didn't really have all that much crab in it. Maybe it was an error or something, but the Stromboli was good. It had unique ingredients and was good quality, not really like the standard pizzeria version.
This is my first time at stogie Joe's and I had a good time! The outdoor seating was a little bit too close for me but I was able to get a table in the farthest corner of their outside tent. The heater was lit as soon as I sat down! I ordered the Caesar salad with added shrimp. Everything was very tasty and refreshing. I also liked that I had a choice of a small or large salad. The pierogies were so good! You can't get them everywhere so it was fun to have them on the menu. I can't wait to go back and try some pizza!
Not sure how this place has a rating of four stars. i would NEVER eat here again. Grilled sausage sandwich - burnt. Cibatta roll it served on - burnt. Chicken in the ceasar salad - burnt. Flies were swarming around us as we ate (big ones, green ones). Waitress took forever to come back. Saw we didn't eat any of our food. Didn't offer to fix and we were so over it we didn't even want to complain. Don't eat here.
As a pizza fanatic, my buddy Antonio has been trumpeting the pies from Stogie Joes as a must try for so long that I had to make it happen.

This past Thursday the stars lined up and Stogies was a go. 

I arrived there around 5:30 and picked the bar area to sit in as opposed to the garage. Our waitress Natalie was excellent.

If you are going to eat pizza, you have to drink beer and there are roughly 10 tap choices. Went with an old reliable Stella. 

We ordered the house salad, the plain pie and the Stromboli.

The house salad was delicious, reminiscent of my Italian grandmothers, but ridiculously large for two people. It could easily feed four. Especially loved the dressing.

The Stromboli was good. Pepperoni and cheese rolled together in layers as opposed to being stuffed into a shell. 

The pizza? It was good. I call it Trenton style as the sauce is on top of the cheese. The crust was thin and crispy as should be expected when it's cooked in a pan. The sauce was excellent and there was enough gooey cheese. I liked it but wouldn't enter it in a BEST OF PHILLY discussion. Pizza in this style is far better from Delco's Gaetanos, Trenton area's De Lorenzo's and Philly's SliCe and Gennaros.

I knew going in that this was a cash only spot. Even the venerable Saloon has woken up to modern times and offered credit. The $2.50 surcharge to use the bar ATM is ridiculous.  

Joe Beddia gets a pass on the cash only because his pizza IS in that BEST OF PHILLY discussion with SLiCe, Pizza Brain, Nomad, Vetri, Gennaros.
I'm giving this review two stars because my previous experiences were actually pleasant. My friends and I got to the place around 8:20 pm and were very comfortable waiting for a table knowing that we are in the middle of a pandemic. Once we got there, the hostess had let us know that they can't seat anyone past 9:15 and they had to have the tables in by 10. We were absolutely okay with that and knew a table wasn't promised. We waited until 9:05 to be contacted by the hostess again who said she had a table ready for us. We sit down and she brings plates over if we wanted any food but my girlfriend kindly replied that we aren't getting any food so we didn't want to dirty any plates. The hostess then replied and stated "oh.. I wish you would've told me that. I have people waiting for a table to eat food". Her response pretty much gave us the signal that she wanted us to get up and sit back on the curb so the people who were waiting for a table for probably 15 minutes could take over and get seated before 9:15. We then just responded by stating we will just get fries then which wasn't an issue. We looked around and most of the tables surrounding us were only drinking as well. The experience other than that was fine but I was pretty turned off by it. Last time I checked you cannot decline to seat someone because they aren't eating food. 

I know this review will mean nothing to Stogie Joe's because they have their locals that they care about but just thought everyone should get a glimpse of what we experienced as non-locals.
I've tried to like Stogie's, but the cash-only policy with a cranky ATM machine, struggling staff and mediocre food make the experience difficult at best.  There are just too many alternatives nearby. I particularly did not appreciate the tough layer of cheese over the pizza crust and under the sauce. The staff is efficient enough, but not very friendly. For example, whenever we asked the person bringing the food for something the answer was always "I'll tell your server", as if we broke some kind of protocol. Who needs it?
Your parents are in town for Sunday Funday...where do you take them? Stogie Joe's of course!

Every Sunday they have a Sinatra impersonator (in voice not look) from 3:00-6:00 and the guy can sing! My husband and I were the youngest there by 30 years but still had a blast. 

This is only a 3 star review because we didn't eat and it's cash only with an ATM surcharge of $2.75- ouch! But it's a fun time to hang out and sing along.
Okay so next time I come here, I'm just gonna stick to good bar basics and what they seem to be known for: stromboli, pizza, and maybe a sub. But we made the mistake of ordering entrées. This is strictly a neighborhood, cash only, pub food style establishment. 

With that said, I've looked at the menu online multiple times to see if I wanted to go here and, for some reason, nothing stood out at me as "wow, I need to try that!" Plus the pizza has no cheese....it's the traditional red tomato South Philly pizza. We decided to give it a shot anyway.

We started with the fried buffalo wings which were actually really tasty with the perfect vinegary sauce. That was probably my favorite part of the meal.

Boyfriend got the full rack of ribs. Delicious, tangy mustardy BBQ sauce- I'll give them that- but the meat was dry and overdone. It still sorta fell off the bones but it was just left in a little too long. Plus, no coleslaw or fries with it. 

That's the problem here- while seemingly cheap, everything is a la carte. So no fries with the sandwich or meatballs with the pasta unless you wanna pay more for it...which can add up quickly. Plus there's no regular french fries, just potato wedges. However, their all-day-everyday drink specials of $2 Rolling Rocks and PBRs and $3 margaritas make up for it.

For dinner I ordered the special that night (when will I learn to just stick to the regular menu on my first visit?) which was meatloaf and potatoes. I figured a homey old school Italian joint couldn't screw up meatloaf. But it was unpalatable - so unbearably salty and garlicky that I brought home 3/4 of it uneaten thinking I just had an off night and would enjoy the leftovers later- but I can't even bring myself to eat it now. The flavors were definitely not lacking, there was gooey cheese in the center, the veggies and potatoes were crispy and tasty, and the meat was good quality (plus it was two giant meatloafs on one plate, so I can't complain about the leftovers). But the crazy salt level ruined it for me. Next time, I won't order off the specials.

Overall, I'd return with a group of people for a few pizzas, strombolis and the family style bowls of salad that they offer. Service was good, especially for how packed it was- and I like the neighborhood vibe. But I'd definitely only stick to basics here.
Good pizza...CHECK
Good mussels...Double CHECK
Good Chicken Cutlets....The Best CHECK!!

Seriously good all around. Try their chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and sharpe prov. One of the best in the city!
Fun atmosphere, especially on a Sunday night when there's a live singer. Decent beer selection and friendly staff. Food is average.
I love this place it's so delicious and fun! The Friday hostess is incredible at managing a very packed bar and making sure people get seated. The drinks are great and inexpensive, $3 mango margarita?! You can't beat that. The food is great! I love the stomboli, it's probably one of the best I've ever had! if you go on a slower night the bartenders are very friendly, and very south philly, which makes the time enjoyable. 

The crowd is a little bit older so the noise comes from people talking and having fun. 

Sunday's they have a live singer, which is fun!

My only qualm with this place is they do not take credit or debit cards. I would probably go here a lot more often if they did, and spend a lot more money. On the plus side if you use the ATM machine they'll give you a free draft beer, sometimes it's of your choosing depending on which server you get.
My sister-in-law loves this place and wanted my wife and I to bring her and her hubby here for her birthday. We arrived about 5 pm on a Friday night. Parked about a block away. We were told about a half hour wait. Half hour was really only 15 minutes, but since there was really no place to sit or stand and we were in everyone's way, it felt like forever.

Once we were seated our server took our drink orders while we looked at menus. We ordered a pizza, a house salad, and a stromboli to split among the 4 of us. It was more than enough food. So much we ended up taking leftovers home. Food was served hot and was most excellent. Some have raved about their square pizza with sauce on top as being the best in Philly. While I enjoyed it very much, I prefer a round Neapolitan style pie with cheese on top. The stromboli was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of ingredients. House antipasto salad was huge, enough for everyone, I think I had 3 servings!

The food was reasonably priced for how good it was. The drinks were cheap as well. I ended up having a couple Yeungling drafts since that's what my brother-in-law was having. I wanted to make it easy on our server, since he was busy and seemed distracted by everything else going on. We had to remind him twice about our drinks from the bar. 

The place was really packed when we got up to leave, impatient people waiting for a table staring at us. Well it is a cool local bar with good food and drink at good prices, I can see what the fuss is about!
Went here during a food festival on Passyunk that ran out of food... go figure lol. ANYWANY, the pizza was awesome... the way it was layed backwards (cheese bottom, sause top) was totally unique, and it actually made a difference, really cool and good tasting pizza. I also ate the chicken parm, and it's totally worth the price, it's a big filling portion and it's made just perfect. Plus it's a total benefit that they sell Hoegarden :)
BACK AGAIN this place never disappoints. Had the lentil soup special on this cold winter night with a side of garlic bread w cheese. Amazing. Waitress recommended the pork chop which we didn't get but looked huge. Love it here, can't wait to return.
CASH ONLY.  Quizzo Monday nights from 7-9. Margaritas $3 all day every day. PBR and Rolling Rock always $2.  Best part is that you can get a bucket of 5 craft beers (though they have to be different) for $20.  For a few of them, like the Sofie and the Chimay, that's practically cheaper than a six pack at a store in Philly.  The bartenders are friendly and attentive.  Seems like a real neighborhood place.  Haven't tried the famous square pizza, but it sure does smell good.  Mostly b/c I always forget this place is cash only and only bring enough money for beer.
I'm pretty excited to have found a new great pizza spot! 

I have passed Stogie Joe's probably 100 times and have just never gone in. What a regret that was. This place is seriously good! Not to mention everything is fairly priced! 

We sat outside on a Friday evening and their was no wait which was nice. Our sever was nice, ran down specials for us, and never missed a beat. We ordered the square mozzarella and homemade sauce pizza. A small is more than enough for two people! We made the mistake of ordering fries to start and i was so full before the pizza even came out. However the fries are pretty bomb too. 

Beers are cheap, food is good, and service is great. Can't really ask for anything more. Only flaw is it being cash only **
Had no idea what to expect from this place as it was a last minute addition to our bar crawl.  Zero parking to start.  I mean nothing for blocks.  Inside we found a couple random ladies dancing to a bad dj.  Beer selection was decent, plenty of seating.  Got a stogie joes stromboli, and holy shit was it good.  

Worth a check out if you're in the area.
Stogie Joe's is just fine to pop in for a round of drinks, and the pizza, wings, and stromboli are pretty good. Tonight we branched out a little and got sandwiches and ribs. The house special margaritas contained maybe half an oz of tequila. The chicken parm sandwich was dry and bland. The sausage sandwich was ok. The ribs were overcooked and oversauced, I suppose to compensate for the dryness. They have outdoor seating which was nice today due to the unreasonable warm weather. The service was painful. Rarely saw our waitress and had to ask for water refills. We also had to chase her down inside for the check after she brought out our boxed up leftovers 15 minutes prior. 

Bottom line: stick to takeout pizzas or just drinks and it's a fine place. Otherwise, go somewhere else: plenty of options on Passyunk.
I just had the best chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe. The bread alone was five star. Service was good. Sat outside on a lovely day.
Food is alright I guess. It's all about the pizza really. The service was not great. Food is auctioned off to the table and plates and silverware just dumped in a pile. The place is cash only, but doesn't warn you until you get the bill. They direct you to an atm that charges a high transaction fee.
I go here pretty frequently because I love the food but the service is HORRENDOUS!!!! Just absolutely horrific! 

I eat-in and get take-out here and when I do take out I get sideways glares from both staff and regulars. I watch as several employees look at me and walk away and wait 10-15 minutes before I have to approach someone about my order. I will say that they are friendly once I do force someone to acknowledge me. 

The last time I did eat-in there, I waited a 1/2 hour before someone brought menus, another 20 minutes before someone brought water and then after waiting another 20 minutes for someone to take our order we just put our order in at the bar.  

They get stars for having good pizza but negative points on the service. If the food wasn't so good and so affordable I would never step foot near this place again.
Awesome food at this bar- a bit loud and crazy but well worth a visit to South Philly. The stromboli and meatball sandwiches are to die for!
Yeah Stogie Joes!  Love this place.  Love the stromboli, love the pasta and the mussles.  Love the fact that when you use the ATM you get a free mug of beer.  Here's a tip:  go after the big  (you fill in the blank here ) game has started.  Less chance of being annoyed by some obnoxious Cherry Hill or Main LIne twit doing their Rocky imitation. Another tip: be sure to feed the meter. The PPA are vultures down here. The bathroom leaves a lot to be desired, but hey, I'm a local, so I'll use the loo at home.  This is a great place.  Go
If I were to give them a rating based solely on their pizza, they would get 6 stars.  Maybe 7... yes, definitely 7 stars.

Stogie Joe's is our go-to pizzeria in the neighborhood.  I grew up at the Jersey Shore and was always partial to NY style thin crust pizza.  But I've lived in the Philadelphia area for 12 years now and tomato pie (square pizza with moderately think crust and sauce on top of cheese) has really grown on me.  Especially Stogie Joe's version of this Philly classic.

But when looking at the restaurant as a whole, I have to drop it down a star.  The other food offerings I've tried are just OK, the service is so-so, and the space itself is somewhat uncomfortable (try to sit in the room with the garage door if you can).  The one upside of dining in is that they have a decently priced, good beer selection (I had a Mad Elf in February... February!)  Also, they seem to have a pretty lively late-night scene with DJs and live music (disclaimer:  its more middle-aged Italian-American lifers, rather than twenty-something tattooed hipster transplants...).  I've been here with groups and it's been a good time.
Ate in once and ordered delivery tonight.  Pleasantly surprised by the pizza.  All ingredients taste good, requested extra sauce and the pizza arrived with a great portion. 

Ordered via grubhub and it arrived in a reasonable time frame however only reason i guve four stars versus five is the pizza arrived almost cold.  Kind of disappointed the pizza wasn't hotter.

Restaurant itself is a nice, non-pretentious setting with a good selection of choices.  Service is attentive and the beer list is solid.
Lazy Saturday afternoon.  Bright open air room off of the bar and sidewalk seating.  Full menu selections and specials.  Cash only. 

I got a pizza special that was great.  My husband got the Stogie Joe's Stromboli. I bit dark on a few spots but we loved the seasonings. 

Good beer menu.

We'll be back!
Walking past Stogie Joe's on a Friday evening I couldn't hep but notice how great the pizza people were eating on the sidewalk looked and smelled. I was surprised as I wasn't expecting an establishment called "Stogie Joe's" to have awesome pizza. 

Less than an hour later a wonderful person offered me a slice that I noticed smelled just as delicious. The aroma didn't lie: it was a great slice with sauce on top of cheese. I'm noticing more and more that the best pizza has that order. 

Stogie Joe's: well worth it for the pizza of all things!
This place is one of the places in south philly where you get a really diverse cross section of people...leopard-wearing snooki types, hipsters, old dudes, barflys...but that's what makes it so special. The food is amazing, particularly the roast pork sandwich, the pizza (!!!), mussels and the house salad. I'm dying to try the stromboli but must have someone around to share it with! Taking off one star because it's cash only. They do have an ATM, but come on...
I consider myself an Italian food snob. With a 92 year old grandmother who does nothing but cook, restaurants rarely get better than what I get at home. Stogie Joes food is simply fantastic, I've eaten most of what is on the menu and I'm always impressed at the consistency of how delicious everything is. Their pizza is my favorite of all time with the most perfectly crisp square crust you'll ever come across. I always try at least one of the additions that are on the menu that day, and I'm ALWAYS blown away. Nothing too fancy just good authentic non-pretentious Italian food. It's grandmoms favorite place too, we recommend it to everybody!
I will forever have dreams about the Stogie Joe's square pizza.  My favorite pizza in the city.  Lock it in. 

It's definitely a locals place most nights, especially on the weekend.  If you aren't of the Italian decent on a Friday or Saturday night, you might feel a bit out of place, but if you can get past that(and the sometimes cheesy DJ music) , the food is fantastic.

The food.  The square pizza.  Life altering.  The sauce, so sweet.  The crust.  Fantastic.

The wings are in my top 10 wings.  I'm not a big wings guy in general, but I could kill a whole plate of these.

My other go-to is the meatball parm sandwich with sharp provolone.  Great meatballs.  Excellent cheese.

While I haven't ventured outside of these items much, many of my friends have gone with the chicken parm platter, the roast pork, or the all you can eat crabs on Tuesdays.  I haven't heard a complaint about anything.

Pretty good beer list.  Service is decent.  A few sassy servers, but that's ok, the food speaks for itself.
Great "change of pace" pizza.  Cheap, square, not greasy, sauce on top, nice char on the crust, very south Philly vibe.  Nothing fancy, but everyone's freindly.  It's a neighborhood bar with killer pizza!
I love that sauce.  Not sure if there's anything so different about it or why I like it so much...but I do!
