Hey my fellow Yelperoo's!! (in my zoobilee zoo voice)
This review is based on the $15 lunch special which is a great deal btw.

Sooooo Strangelove's changed ownership recently and usually new ownership can be a big hit or big miss. Fortunately this one was a hit.
The $15 lunch special is one of the best valued lunches I've had in a while. A burger here can cost $12 bucks and apps average around $7-8 so overall it really works out.

And now its on to the FOOD!

This arguably might be some of thee best catfish I've ever had. Seriously. I've been to plenty of "fish frys" at questionable places and my fish palette is fair. You can't be gentle when you tossin' that fish in that flour and breading, BUT you have to also be passive aggressive when frying so you don't fry the fish to a tasteless death. Strangelove's fried it JUST RIGHT: 
Full of flavor, crispy on the edges, and moist on the inside. Good job. 

The dark horse was that delicious arugula salad with pickled carrots and jalapeno vinaigrette. The heat from the jalapeno was subdued just enough by the acid from the pickled carrots. It was such an interesting and effective combo. I could eat that salad with anything. 
Can't wait to come back and have that fish again!
F and I stopped in after a night of training looking for some protein and beery refreshment. On our way, we passed Strangeloves. We had been here awhile ago and decided to pop in. Pretty full for a week night so we grabbed some seats at the bar. The bar was well tended by an attentive and knowledgeable young man, who helped us make our beer choices. Schmidt for F and a boozy Porter for me. Both were right on point.
F ordered the Strangeloves burger. And I had Joe's burger. Both were very good. I had mine with a nice side salad instead of fries. The fries F ordered were well done, as per his request.

All in all, exactly what we were wanting. We would definitely be back.
Strangelove's is a place that I know I can get a very good meal at and find some beer that I most likely haven't tried yet.  Their menu is fresh, inventive and reasonably priced.  Their beer list changes frequently given that they have special batches from some of the locals just for them (ahem ahem, Tired Hands)  It's a spot that I bring out-of-towners or a place that I just stop in because I know I won't be disappointed.

I've eaten a variety of items here and I haven't been disappointed.  Everything for me is just very very good.  I find the menu has enough for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike with a special nod to the vegetarians.  I think their menu is very balanced with both quantity of items and thought given to both sides.  Vegans also can find several items here that will suit their dietary needs.

Another great thing about this bar is that it has space.  The first floor has a decent size bar with 10-12 four tops.  The upstairs bar probably seats the same amount with less tables.  Restrooms are also located on both floors.

Knowledgeable staff, great beers and awesome food.  If you're around 11/Walnut, this is a place that you want to stop in.
This brand new beer bar on 11th Street has all the factors needed for great success. I say this mainly due to the fact that, for the first time in my entire life, I actually finished a glass of beer without making the cringe face. What more could one want from a beer bar?

Usually when I'd try beer in the past (at Oktoberfest in Munich, at other local establishments, at the nagging of my friends..), my instant reaction has always been to grimace and guzzle water. That wasn't the case at Strangelove's last night.

At the suggestion of my server, Ryan P., I tried the Rosee D'Hibiscus beer, which is tinted a pink color and has a fruity taste to it. My boyfriend went for the Yards Love Stout and the Rodenbach Grand Cru. I wasn't daring enough to try the Yards, but I did taste the Rodenbach and -- geez -- it didn't taste at all like the beer-vomit I've imagined in my brain for oh so long! He enjoyed both choices -- and was eyeing up other selections for future visits.

In terms of food, I'd recommend the seared chicken sandwich and the blueberry buckle for dessert. By the time we left, both had been inhaled. By me. My boyfriend went for the wings, which had bits of chunky blue cheese sprinkled on top rather than as a dip. He only left the bones behind, despite saying he wasn't all that hungry.

The check didn't break the bank and we didn't feel rushed out. There's also a sizable TV above the bar area. The exposed bricks are a great plus and the neutral colors really work for the place.

If you like beer, I'd recommend. If you don't like beer, I'd recommend, too.
My friend/colleague Cara and I enjoyed a leisurely lunch at Strangelove's this week. We arrived past the usual lunch hour and there were just a few people eating at the bar. The bartender, Jill, took care of us at a nearby table. 

We started with a glass of vinho verde which was slightly effervescent and went very well with the delicious pimento cheese we ordered. Next up was a round of gazpacho, which came in an enormous bowl. We both did not finish since we had salads on the way. My arugula salad was dressed in a tangy vinaigrette with a handful of grilled shrimp and pickled veggies. It was light but high on taste; I'd order it again. Looking forward to returning for dinner!
I promised I would update this review once I came back a few times and tried the food.  As expected, the food was great, the service is always great, and the craft beers continue to be rare and delicious, so I'm upgrading my review to 5 stars.  Do I think this place is "as good as it gets" close.. not the absolute best, but the fact that I continue to recommend this place and its always a front-runner in my decisions to get a good beer and food, bumps it up to 5 stars.  

Since I will continue to rave about the wonderful beers, I will now give you a review on the food:
- fried green tomatoes - good, not my favorite but still delicious
- pimento cheese - one of my favorites!!  Get this!  Its delicious
- crispy mushroom torta -  THE BEST!  This is soo good, truffled mushrooms on crispy bread?  WINNER!  I love this.
- Fried Okra was good, interesting. 
- Steak fries are good, very thick cut.
I want to try more salads next.  So I will be back, as usual!

Note: Strangeloves is the only gastropub that I've encountered that will pour you "half-pours" for half the price.  I LOVE this!!!  You can only spend $3.50 for a half glass of beer, in case you don't like it, you're not wasting your money on a full glass!  Genious idea!!  Or, if you want to taste, but don't want to get hammered on a 10% heavy hitter, order the half-pour!!  Brilliant!
AWFUL. 

Customer service is atrocious. I've been here twice now, once for a friend's 28th bday happy hour- her ID was a few days expired - fine, they obeyed rules & refused to serve her, but when they saw her take a sip of someone else's drink they immediately accosted her and kicked us all out. REALLY? 

Have also stopped by straight from work to celebrate closing a big deal- we ordered shots which they rudely refused to serve (they're 'not that kind of bar'... I'm sorry, but you are a bar, right?) and then kicked out my boss when he protested.

No problem with anyone obeying rules, but staff here had been consistently rude. I've never been kicked out of a bar before and have now been kicked out of Strangelove twice in a month??  

Was excited to have a new spot in the neighborhood foe craft beers.  Unfortunately this is not a place I'll be returning ever again.
After few visits, it turns out that there's nothing strange about patrons love for Strangelove's. It's a beer-centric bar, of course, with about 20 drafts on tap. There's something for every taste. Couple of weeks ago, I had one of their specials. Portobello sandwich and it was anything-but-basic sandwich, very meaty, and inspired. 
The service, is always on point, and prices can be on the higher side but its worth the tasty food. 

Tips... tips... tips:
- Remember, there's always happy hour. They are fun and inexpensive. 
Weekdays 5:00pm-7:00pm. $4 select drafts & house wines, and $5 well drinks. Sundays:3:00pm-5:00pm.
- Weekdays lunch 11:30-4pm: 10% off lunch bill to all Jefferson staff and students. 
- Be prepared to wait for a table on weekends. So be patient.
- Street (meter) parking are available, if founded. However, there's a parking garage just across the street.

Four solid Yelps.
I liked Strangelove's enough to bail on my planned dinner at another restaurant while I was in town. I was completely charmed by the cozy interior, with exposed brick, interesting artwork, and friendly bartenders.

A really nice, if perhaps a little pricey, beer menu with lots of good options. It's a good thing they mention the alcohol content in each beer, because there were lots of heavy hitters on the menu.

I read through half a book sitting here, met some interesting people, and made love to the menu with my eyes. They have SO many yummy looking things, with plenty of really good veggie and vegan options. The bartender was also kind enough to let me charge my dying electronic device. Whatta guy!

If I lived in town, this is definitely where my paycheck would be going!
I will never go back to Strangelove's. The food was ok, but the service was terrible.  The bald male bartender (Matt C.) is the worst service professional I have ever dealt with, and that  includes fast food. He was rude, inattentive, and sexist. The female bartender tried to make up for his attitude with good service, but he was rude to her as well. She's the only reason Strangelove's gets 2 stars instead of 1. 
I had a photo of the bartender on here, but Strangelove's had it removed.
I'm struggling between giving them 2 or 3 stars and it's unfortunate because I do like the place and I'd like to see a new restaurant do good in my neighborhood. I'm never the type who goes into a place and trying to find fault or get too self-important for being a reviewer here on Yelp. It's just a fun hobby I like to do.

So I came here with my friend because my friend loves beer and I love to try new places. The hostess lead us to the second floor, up the stairs to a huge back room. It's really surprisingly lofty here and I really like what they have done to it. Newly renovated, dimly lit, great lush wood furnitures, nice brick walls. Gives me a nice vibe. 

We sat down to see a large beer menu along with a big chalkboard of beer specials and it is really impressive. We ordered a few dishes, I've heard good things about the crispy mushroom flautas, so we ordered that. The loaded tater tots really sounds fun, so we ordered that as well. As appetizers, the sizes are fine. My friend really liked the flautas and I'm not one for goat cheese but they are fine. The stuffings are not completely enveloped, so when you bite into it the stuffing falls out. The tater tots are fun but not really all that special.

For entrees, I had the crispy pork cutlet. I like everything on the plate. The grits were nice and cheesy, collard greens were soft and garlicky, But the pork cutlets themselves were incredibly bland and a tad dry. The mustard aioli doesn't help much.  Some seasoning in the breading may help. The Etoufee is spicy but not overtly so. It's the better non-vegetarian entree.

When they brought out the entrees, nobody cleaned out our table so we have to put the plates on the table next to us by ourselves. Nobody filled out my water glass, the steak knife comes after I start eating my chops and the spoon for the etoufee came later as well. Just before we're done, our waitress started conversing with the patrons of a table down from us, so for 10-15 minutes we sat there with empty plates in front of us. We thought we were going to order dessert, given we have seen how nice they looked but we started to feel ignored and who knows how much longer the wait is going to be. The funny thing is, it wasn't busy and our waitress seems to be only handling 2-3 tables. I don't know if the place in general takes the laissez faire approach because it's serving creole cuisine or maybe it's just new and the server lacks training but I find it rude.I'm sure the place is not trying to be an upscale stuffy restaurant but the staff (at least our waitress) needs to have a tad of professionalism in them. It's not a hangout, it's an establishment. Especially when it's new and it's trying to build a client base, they really can't afford to turn their potential loyal customers off.
Strangelove's is another project from the much-loved Brendan and Leigh of Memphis Taproom, Resurrection Ale House, and Local 44. And Strangelove's tops all of them. Here are my main reasons:

1) The decor of the place is great and contemporary (love the individual bathrooms and common sink--very cool). 
2) Two stories means that it has lots of space and even at 8 p.m. on Saturday night didn't feel like it was elbows to elbows, but it was still exciting.
3) They take reservations and accommodate large groups--ours was 14.
4) I think the Strangelove's burger beats all of the other burgers that their other restaurants offer.

Beer list is what you would expect from these two. Diverse, well-curated, and smart. (Affordable too for the great stuff you are getting too.)

Lynn (sp?) was a great and informed server.

One downside: the fired okra was uninspired. The okra is still raw and the breading didn't stick to it. Dip in the aioli it came in and it was stripped.
Being a fan of Leigh Maida, Brendan Hartranft and Brendan Kelly's other bars like Local 44 and Resurrection Ale House; I was ready to give Strangelove's a try from the moment that I first read about it on Foobooz. Especially since it was taking over a location that I wanted to see succeed on 3 other separate occasions, and heard that it was going to be a beer lovers paradise that hooked up some creole inspired cuisine. And after trying it to cap off a successful First Friday, I'm happy to see that it was all I was hoping for and more.

Since I've been to Doc Watson's back in the day I knew that it was a huge establishment, and initially couldn't fathom how well it would work for just a bar & restaurant establishment when the other 2 spots moved in. But considering this crews track record of adding an impressive beer garden to Memphis Taproom, and an abundantly stocked bottleshop to Local 44; I figured it would add up to being little challenge for them. And Strangelove's is definitely a double feature with its chill barroom and plush seating downstairs, and ample dining space upstairs.

Given the track records of the other bars behind the team I expected Strangelove's to be worthy of the Beer Haven title. But I didn't expect to arrive on a night where they had a special Hitachino (http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/697/2013) tap takeover that featured a couple select brews that have only been tapped on at least 2 other occasions. That was one of the many things that I learned when talking with Ryan P., our knowledgeable server who was able to walk us through the many distinct characteristics of our beer selections. And if you add in the selection of drafts that weren't Hitachino that evening, and the widespread assortment of bottles, and you have a plentiful selection to go through.

With many creole inspired dishes like duck and sausage gumbo, shrimp or catfish po'boys, and shrimp etoufee; pub standbys like a solid burger and salad offerings, and noteworthy things like smoked potato perogies and crispy conch & grits fritters; it was a pretty hard yet tempting menu to choose from. But I decided to go with my standby mussels that I use to test a new establishment; And it delivered a healthy mix of blackened andouille sausage and crawfish butter in a beer broth. I also ordered a side of fried okra in cornmeal batter that was pretty damn amazing.

Add in things like a good rotating cheese platter and some decadent sounding desserts, and a satisfactory lineup of events scheduled for Beer Week; and there's plenty to have me coming back for more.
Was able to visit Strangelove's for their Grand Opening tonight.  First, a caveat that I was on crutches.  I had just learned that morning that I had torn my ACL and meniscus and would need surgery in a few weeks.  I mention this only because the service was super friendly, but I worry that the servers were so nice only because I was disabled!

The tap list for the opening was unbelievable.  I was able to have Dogfish Head Bitches Brew from 2010 on draft.  Also tried Nebraska Brewing Melange a Trois which was delicious.  They had a great mix of American IPAs, stouts, etc. along with a couple Belgians and a German helles.

For the opening they had free samples off the menu.  I hope the free-ness of the food does not color my opinion here too much but the food I was able to try was delicious.  I was able to try the wings, which were some of the best I've had in memory.  The sauce was good, but the meat was the standout as it was fall-off-the-bone tender and sprinkled with real blue cheese.  Also tried a bit of the grilled ham and cheese that comes with truffled honey bacon.  It was really tasty.  Finally, got to taste the goat cheese and mushroom flautas.  I'm not a big mushroom fan but the goat cheese reigned supreme and the flavor here was also outstanding.

The opening began to get insanely crowded and me and my friend needed to get a full meal so we had to evacuate after a bit.  But, it was a great sneak peak into things to come.  I was very excited to try the newest pub from the Local 44/Resurrection Alehouse/Memphis Taproom crew.  With the success of these places and based on my brief first experience, I'm betting they'll do much better than the other recent residents of the old Doc Watson's space (Blue Bear Tavern/The Boilermaker/The Butcher & The Brewer).  I definitely plan to be back.
#104 for the Yelp Philly challange !!


I along with other yelpies came here for an event after party ..party. Like we didn't consume enough at the previous establishment , we needed a nightcap I guess. First time in here the place had a relax mood to it. You should have seen the bartenders reaction when a wave of us invaded his area. I guess we made his night, seeing it was a Tuesday with the bar being quiet.

Great spot for the beer aficionado with ample selections of fine crafts and bottles to be perused. Seeing I was parched I had started the evening with a nice glass of Chimay Triple , nothing but smooth and refreshing.  Seeing I was pleased with this I went for one more in a draft called a Half Acre Daisy Cutter. Very pleasant, smooth with a great after taste to her. (Sorry no picture of this one, after I had finished it came to me )

From what I noticed they have tables that line the wall for your dinning pleasures, with a good amount of seats that align the bar. There is a second floor to Strangelove's with another bar, along with more tables. I could see why they would need it, the space is limited on the first floor. 

I haven't had the chance to try anything off their menu , seeing I was at full tilt from earlier. The menu does look good, this is something I don't mind coming back again with the wife. 

Great spot to come in and enjoy a few libations , good looking menu, and a staff that is attentive and helpful. 

Only issue I have is if you are enjoying some refreshment the parking garage located across the street. At night when the shades are up and cars are coming out of that garage , lets just say it illuminates the whole lower floor. Nothing like a blinding light to distract you. I felt like Gizmo in " Gremlins " when that sudden surge would hit my eyes.  I think I just revealed my age with the " Gremlins " reference.
We just got home from a delicious dinner at Strangelove's.  There were four of us and our friends brought their toddler.  The place looks great -- it is clear that a lot of thought and care went into designing and executing the look.  The food was delicious.  We shared the chips 'n dip and tater tots.  The tots were amazing!  I had the arugula salad -- delicious -- and my husband had a po-boy -- also great.  At the recommendation of our server, we got the lemon icebox pie for dessert, which was very good.  Everyone was happy with the beer selection, although there was some griping at the amount of head that took up perfectly good beer space in the glass every time a new beer came.  The service was excellent and especially smooth for the second night.  

Can't wait to go back.
I might be in love...hopefully it doesn't get too strange...(I know, it's a bad pun.) 
Stopped in tonight after reading some awesome reviews on Yelp, and congrats guys- you steered me right yet again! 

The beer list was impressive and delicious. Even more, the waitress knew her stuff and was able to recommend a GREAT suggestion based off of very little information provided by me (the beer novice desperately trying to become a beer aficionado.) 

But the real draw here? The food. Philly is chock-ful of good beer bars, but a place that can service both my alcoholic and gluttunous ways is few and far between. This place really delivers with it's NOLA inspired/fusion-y menu. Gumbo, etoufee, po-boys. Check, check and check. 

My hubs went with the ham and cheese sandwich and devoured it so fast he didn't even leave me a bite. I am pretty sure this went against our wedding vows and I am seriously considering the validity of our marriage based on this snub. However, he assured me that his lack of sharing was completing due to the deliciousness of his sandwich and not in any way related to an imagined declining love for me. (Phew!) 

I had the shrimp po-boy with dill remoulade. Oh dear baby jesus was it good. The shrimp were tender, fresh and flavorful; the bread toasty and delicious; and the sauce- OMG- the sauce. It was amazeballs. 

Don't fear all you non-meaties...there are copious vegetarian AND vegan options on the menu, easily marked to steer you right. 

I sincerely hope this place succeeds. I know it can count on me stopping by again!
Strangelove's kale salad is the BIGGEST salad I have ever been served. Kale, edamame beans, farro, beets, pecans, vegan dressing. It could have served three people as an appetizer. I got one dinner and one lunch out of it. Very impressive at $10. Very delicious also.

Happy hour drafts are $4. Service is swell. 

You'd never believe this place used to be the Butcher and Brewer. Long gone are the candles and dim lit dining. I hope Strangelove's is here to stay...
One star only because they refuse to pour a small taste before ordering.  
Seriously?
  "They're, trying to keep costs down".  Really?
  I always thought most bars tried to increase their expenses as high as possible.
There's roughly 1000 great beer bars in Philly that will let you sample a beer before plunking down $5-$8 for a pint.
Apparently Strangelove's thinks this is a bad idea.  
Ironically, I think it would be a bad idea to return here.
Strangelove's has earned a spot as my new favorite, neighborhood bar. The tap list is tight but deftly curated, and the beers are reasonably priced to boot. The ambiance is appropriate for most occasions, quiet and intimate enough for a casual date but open enough for a few beers with your buddies.

The food hits the mark as well, though is a touch pricey given the quantities. I opted for the mussels as a light entree and was presented with a nicely sized bowl of bivalves. The mussels did not taste fishy and swam in a broth redolent with crawfish butter and spicy andouille. Sopping this crustaceany, oceanic, and piquant broth up with the crusty white bread provided proved highly enjoyable and complemented my beer quite well. A vegetarian dining companion ordered Strangelove's vegan chorizo tostadas, which will fool even the most devout of carnivores. The portion was scant, as only two tostadas come in a $13 order, but the dish is a great herbivorous option. Another friend, recently having visited New Orleans, advocated for Strangelove's po-boys and hailed them as similar to what he enjoyed in NOLA. Those sandwiches come only with chips, coleslaw, or a salad, unfortunately, and fries are extra.

You might run up the bill fairly high at Strangelove's if you're famished, but for beers and a somewhat light dinner this place fits the bill. I am eager to return to try their brunch or simply enjoy a few brews. Worth a stop for Southern-esque food in Wash West.
The food makes me happy.  Strangelove's is owned by the successful owners of Memphis Tap Room and Local 144 to name a couple.  This location is in the heart of the city and more than welcome.  Center city's "gayborhood" has lacked good gastropubs so this makes total sense.  It's a great looking space and the upstairs is super large too, so I can count on a table even on a busy weekend night... until of course they get too successful and by then, perhaps, I'll have burned out on eating there so frequently - that'll at least soften the blow.

I've enjoyed this place 3 times now.  The service has always been great and enthusiastic.  The beer selection, of course, is great.  I suspect they're making their high rent by only having their normal priced ($5-$7) beers in tulip shaped glasses.  I love the beers Ive had so far - all of which are less common and delicious, though many of them are not high in alcohol and I figured they'd be pints for that money.  Apparently no.  I understand the beer is of high quality and so I just drink a little less and a little slower and  just savor it.

The food is what wins my patronage.  Their talented chef is from New Orleans and some of the dishes are crazy good and not available elsewhere on my radar.  If you go, you MUST order the smokey cheese grits.  They're like crack (from what I gather from my education from years of watching Law & Order).  The collard greens dish isn't something I'd normally order, but it was suggested when I was  with a friend from the south, and we loved it.  The kale salad is so good and healthy it takes away some of the guilt for eating the incredible burger with a fried green tomato, goat cheese and bacon.  Another time I had the duck and sausage gumbo and liked it plenty.  So that rounds up my findings of recommendations so far.
Matt C. Is a misogynistic, rude, inattentive bartender that makes patrons feel like it's an inconvenience to serve them a drink. 

We were here for a small private party in the upstairs room and he purposely ignored many of us at different times over the night when we were waiting to get a drink. 

The other bartenders were nice and they had a good selection of beers but Matt ruined our entire experience and we will never come here again because of him. 

He was very rude to his female coworker that helped with the private party as well. She got me a beer after he was ignoring us and he snapped at her for trying to make up for his lack of customer service.
The incredibly rude host started our conversation with "I'll take the bad Yelp review", so here it is buddy.

I walked into Strangelove's yesterday for some good beer to celebrate the Eagles Super Bowl victory and was immediately halted at the door by the host who said, "I'm totally stereotyping you right now because of your beads (I was wearing 4 strands of silver and green mardi gras beads), but this is not the establishment for you" and would not allow us to enter the bar.  Mind you, we were not drunk.  We were not rowdy.  All I said was hello to the host.  I was embarrassed because I had hyped this place up with my friends from out of town.  I work a few blocks away and regularly visited Strangelove's for happy hour, dinner and holiday parties.  We were not even allowed upstairs.  I could not believe the audacity of that host.

Well, you lost out Strangelove's.  You lost out on our business yesterday.  You have lost my patronage for good.  And you better believe I'm telling all of my co-workers, who also loved your restaurant, of my experience so they no longer visit your establishment.
Outstanding experience from beginning to end, both in service and the delicious food. Having lunch with four co-workers I have to say that each and everyone had a perfect lunch provided to them. We chose the express lunch option where we got to choose an appetizer and main along with soda or tea all for $14. Several us started with The Gazpacho with panzanella salad, which was possibly the best Gazpacho I have ever had. The panzanella was really crisp croutons placed on top of the soup, which had a thick broth full of vegetables. It also had a slightly spicy flavor most likely from the smoked paprika added to it. Our server always had the water glasses filled, and our sodas refreshed. Some ordered the Arugula salad with pickled vegetables, which had slices of watermelon radishes, which were pickled in house and resembled slices of watermelon. The Joe Burgers were big and juicy and my Catfish Po-Boy had a perfectly cooked piece of fish and a excellent dill pickle remoulade , which came with a choice of mirliton coleslaw or house made Yukon gold chips. I asked for the slaw but got the chips (which were excellent crisp and just the right amount of salt) when I told the server she quickly brought out a large crock of slaw and I got to have both. We just had enough room to share some desserts; the Nutella Mousse Whoopie Pie with chopped toasted hazelnuts brought two large chocolate pies that were fantastic. The server thoughtfully brought us dishes and extra forks even thought we told her we would just pass around the plate; the Lemon Icebox Cream Pie with chocolate cookie crust was creamy heaven. The extra chips and one of the Whoopie Pies were carefully boxed and marked as to what was inside along with today's date. I have not received this level of service and quality of food in restaurants that are fancy white tablecloth establishments at twice to three times the price. It looks like they have a nice selection of beers that are poured in appropriate glasses. We will be back. Can not wait to try out the happy hour.   Thanks for a great lunch.
Really cutesy vibe- neat, clean, and brighter than the dingy dive bars I normally frequent. The funky artwork adorning the walls downstairs was also a nice touch. The beer list was diverse, with a mix of small and large breweries represented. The menu is GREAT! So many vegan and vegetarian options available, and all are clearly marked. None of the meatless options are predictable or cliche, with the exception of the vegan burger standby, but they even put a spin on that by adding beets and cucumber slaw. THANK YOU for the reminder that vegan bar food doesn't have to be boring! It was tough to choose, so my boyfriend and I decided to divide and conquer. We got the smoked tempeh muffaletta and the tofu spinach saag to split. The tempeh muffaletta will satisfy vegans and vegetarians alike, especially those folks who find themselves missing the smokiness of meat dishes. It was damn good, and very filling, especially when paired with a side of chips. It's a great option to split with a friend. The tofu saag was also fantastic: the flavors were well-balanced, and the coconut milk beautifully cooled the heat of the dish. A unique spin on one of my favorite Indian dishes. The only downside is that some of the items were a bit over-salted, namely the chips and the basmati rice. Still, the original flavors shone through. 

Our waitress was also adorable. I was won over by her friendliness, and my boyfriend the caffeine addict was won over by her coffee tattoo. She did a lot to add to the sweet and welcoming vibe here! I'd definitely like to come back.
I've been to Stranglove's twice and loved it both times. I am grateful that they have several vegan options clearly marked on the menu. The kale salad is absolutely amazing -- and I hate salads! The vegan chorizo tostadas are quite delicious as well. There's a vegan brownie on the menu that I have heard good things about, but have always been too full at the end of my meal to try it yet! The draft beer selection is worth a visit, if nothing else. I will definitely be returning to this place!
Vegan friendly. Great vibe. Friendly service.

Before I get to the food, can we talk about the paintings in the front room? I'm OBSESSED with them. Like to the extent that I can't sit across from them or whoever I'm with will be ignored while I study all the details & reread them over & over & wonder about the characters in the two paintings & if they're related or the same people or what...I make up stories about them, yeah I'm a little crazy.

Anyway, the first time I went, I had the Smoked Tempeh Muffaletta. I'd never had a Muffaletta before, but I'd seen one on Food Network years ago & have been curious ever since. This one was YUMMY! The next time, I got the Veggie Burger, which was even better than the Muffaletta! Oooh, and the fries--AMAZING--I want more of them. Like now.

Ooooh, and the Big Ass Brownie! Depending on who I'm with, we'll split it, but recently I went there with someone who isn't that into sweets & baked goods (yeah, I don't know what's wrong with him). He had ONE BITE of the brownie, & I tried so hard to finish the rest myself, but it's so rich & chocolately that I just couldn't do it. I mean, I only left like 2 bites, but I still feel like a failure. I need to redeem myself, so I'll be back often.
I'm determined to never attend an evening class completely sober. Today, Strangelove's helped to bring me one Tuesday happy hour closer to this completely respectable goal. 

I stopped in between an afternoon meeting and a 6pm class, hoping to grab a quick drink and a bite and zip out on time. The bar was already somewhat sardine-esque at 5pm, but I managed to shimmy into a seat right into the middle. This was an excessively delicate operation. The bar could stand to lose a stool. (Not the loosest of stools. Sorry, poo joke.)

First impression: tap list is confidently eccentric. Hard to not choose a russian river when it's sitting there blushing, but there were so many other solid choices - rodenbach grand cru, founders all day, allagash white, to name a just few. Truly something for everyone. And apparently all domestic craft beers are $4 from 5-7? Sweet deal.

Second impression: single girl sitting at bar with a notebook, ready to scribble fake homework answers apparently needs to put forth a lot of effort to get either bartender's attention. But once Molly got a second, she was super sweet and very helpful. I opted for the brewer's art ozzy, and it was pretty fantastic. I decided to not be a total drunkard and asked for a menu...

Third impression: Hey, this menu looks suspiciously familiar, and yet somehow...better... than the ones to the north and the west with the same designer. It's cute. I appreciate the clear delineation of vegan/vegetarian options, mostly so that I can avoid the vegan ones. The "crispy mushroom flautas" were indeed crispy and full of goat cheese. A gooey, delightfully mushroomy take on spring rolls. I'm not sure what the oily dipping sauce was supposed to be, but they didn't need it.

Alas, I had to run after that. I can't wait to come back and drag my friends with me to spend more time here and eat and drink all of the things. This place is off to a really impressive start, and I have a feeling that it'll be just as much of a hit as its older siblings. Muy bien.
This place is a hidden gem I have to say. Im actually disappointed that I didnt order more food items off the menu while I was here...lolll

Ill for sure be back! 

I had the pretzel bites to start with. They were a little gummy/dense but I overall liked the taste of them. 

For my meal I had buffalo wings and they were really good!! I always appreciate a place that has good wings. Theyre hard to find!

My boyfriend got the strange love burger and it was also really good! It was cooked how he requested which is another rarity. 

This place seems like it would be hipster but on the inside its actually really nice! Its upscale but casual at the same time.

I also had a bloody mary...or 2....it was delicious.
The place is small and intimiate. I ordered the tempeh sandwich and it was really good, the chips were a little over-salted but overall tasty. Also the fried tomato appetizer was delicious and very different. The menu is also unique and has a good variety of options.
This establishment really seems to pride themselves on being known as the newest vegan-friendly spot in Center City. In fact, that was pretty much entirely the reason that my fiance and I chose this spot for a late lunch on our day off. After ordering our drinks, we were delighted to find that all of the items were labeled very clearly throughout the menu, using separate symbols for vegan and vegetarian. Even still, we made very sure to ask a ton of questions of the staff about the contents of the items in which we were interested, as I am a very strict vegan (due to an intense dairy allergy, among other things). We ordered the vegan-labelled onion dip as a starter. When it arrived, it looked suspiciously creamy, so we asked our bartender whether or not the item was truly vegan. To her credit, after we asked, our bartender did openly question whether or not this menu item was dairy-free, but the young woman on staff standing next to her (hostess? server? unsure.) stated that it was made with Veganaise, and not with animal product. We happily began to eat the dish. However, on the plate underneath the chips was a cut-up piece of their brunch menu, which we happened to notice listed our "vegan" dip as a vegetarian dish. We then questioned the bartender a second time, and it was only then that she went to the kitchen, and returned with the news that the dish was not vegan-friendly, and actually contained dairy product (to which I am severely allergic). When I returned from the restroom, after attempting to vomit up the dairy I had just consumed, the bartender asked if I was "okay", and I tearfully informed her that, no, I was actually very upset, did not feel well, and that we would be leaving immediately, since I could no longer trust that anything on their menu was described accurately. She was understanding, but still charged us for the remainder of the check, which we felt was ludicrous. At no time did anyone on management staff make themselves known to us, nor did they offer us anything to make up for the ridiculous (and potentially dangerous) mistake that had just occurred.  Bottom line, if this establishment truly gave a flying f*ck about people with dietary restrictions, then they would have taken the time to label their menus accurately. There are quite a few items on their menu that seem dubious. If nothing else, I sincerely hope that this incident will cause Strangelove's to edit their menu, as well as their policies when dealing with guests with dietary allergies and preferences. Their website states "vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores alike find a welcoming home here at Strangelove's". If only it were true.
Food choice looks amazing, esp for veg*ns. Draft choice was amazing. HOWEVER, $8 for a 6 oz pour is heavily overpriced. And no samples of beer? That is just bad, bad policy. There just seem to be so many rules. Demanding a credit card while seated at the bar - in a basically empty room. Strangelove's - loosen up or someone new will be moving in.
After partying till 6am the night before, we needed a place that specialized in hangover helpers..... But as with everything I do, it had to be out of the ordinary.

Some friends of mine swore to me that I only had one option - Strangelove's. The name had me at hello. My psychic sense told me this was the dive... and it was.

So off the 4 of us crawled... ok, cabbed... to this out of the way hole in the wall.

First off, it's a dive. A long thin dive with brick wall on one side, and chalk board above the bar on the other side with the list of the daily craft beer selections. I know craft beer is the new wine... and the hipsters have slaughtered and tainted it with great passion... but this is no hipster bar. It's a locals joint. 

Service... well, there was a guy who waved us in and said sit wherever you want. I like that... so we did. 

He came over...and after seeing our obvious state of disrepair, he said 4 bloody marys? We said... all at once... we love you man....  He asked, spicy or reg - 2 did spicy, 2 did regular. The spicy was without a doubt the spiciest I've ever had, but the smokeyness of the okra offset it for a most epic breakfast drink... 

The menu. I don't think I have ever seen a more eclectic menu in Philly... or most cities for that matter. Carnivores and vegans can co-exist here without judgement, the menu caters to both, and quite well. 

The carnivores had the Strangelove's burger: fried tomato, bacon, barbeque sauce, goat cheese and esplette aioli. They were drooling with eyes glazed by meals end. 

Me, I was torn between 2 southern staples: Shrimp Po' Boy or Shrimp and Grits. I was a tad nervous that a northern state was attempting southern classics. Throwing caution to the wind, I opted for the shrimp and grits. 1 word: Epic. The grits were cooked to perfection.... creamy with a subtle smokeyness that just made the shrimp burst with flavor. A simple dish that just hit it spot on.

The 4th in our party had the Pimento Grilled Cheese - a version of the classic with marinated green tomato, pimento cheese and bacon. He said it was unusual, but very tasty. 

After a 2nd bloody mary for dessert, we were done for the day.... 

One thing of note: There were some really great vegetarian and pure vegan choices as well. This is one dive that caters to everyone.... and they do it well. 

I am definitely coming back here on my next Philly adventure....

A true MUST try! 

-peace-


GW
Wanted to make last-minute-celebratory-birthday plans for a friend. But whoops! It's Friday... and Valentine's Day!! That's how we ended up at Strangelove's. The day before they had a spot open at 745 on opentable (yes you can make a reservation for Strangelove's on opentable) and bam! We had a birthday place on Valentine's Day! It's a cute spot. It's quirky and fun and the food was good. Our table ordered up goat cheese with grilled bread... so good and creamy. Included on that plate was arugula that you could heap on the bread with the goat cheese. We also ordered shrimp skewers that were served like a spring roll. Best order of the night. My ZLT was good (zucchini, lettuce and tomato). I guess I skipped over the menu description because I thought the zucchini would be grilled. It was deep fried but tasted good. The fries are good... I mean really, really good. There were also orders of catfish salad that was tasty, fish and chips and the burger. I didn't have a bite but the eater of the burger said it was delicious. It looked good... juicy and piled high with goat cheese and bacon. One small thing...we found a piece of plastic in the salad. It just looked like it was a part of the bag it came in but it was a bit off putting. (These types of things happen, I guess..) We told the manager and she did offer a beer on the house so they did acknowledge it. This is a good spot. Decent food, really good beer list, good service, GREAT fries and contrary to most bars with good food... they take reservations. Try it!
Between two and three stars for me.  Their burger with the fried green tomato was delicious and had a pretty good tap list.  The reason for the low rating is this pretentious drink count they put people on.  I understand the look you're going for and you don't want the look of sloppy drunk people coming from upstairs or leaving your bar but what's the point of having a bar if you don't sell your main product?  

I came here right off the street and was told their might be bar seating upstairs.  So after sitting down and browsing the menu I decided to try on of their "heavy hitters ".  Their heavy hitter section is a couple of rare beers around 10-12% abv.  I got one 12 oz and had it before my meal.  I decided to get one of their bigger bottle beers and id drink that with dessert and watch the game.  So as I order the bartender tells me "thats a big bottle and I can't sell you a big bottle beer after you just had one of our other beers.  They are really strict about that.". I'm looking at her sober as a bird trying to figure out what's going on.  So whatever I just got another beer.  

So a guy comes up to the bar and orders 2 shots of tequila and the bartender said "we are going to slow down on the shots, OK. You just had a shot" .  The guy looked at her and said yea an hour ago lol  As I'm drinking and taking up the atmosphere a group comes in trying to celebrate on of their friends birthday.  So they ordered a round of shots amongst themselves and a while later they decide to get another round.  The bartender said that they don't want to pour anode shots and they're not that kind of bar.  I'm still trying to figure out what that means.
@Nommingnomad disappointed!

I have been to Strangelove's before for dinner and I remember it was a good experience. But, having noticed their sign about the weekend brunch and being the brunch lover that I am, I decided to stop by there on a Sunday at around noon. I understand that it is peak brunch slot. I was hungry after a workout class, and I stepped in and saw some open tables and I gave myself a mental high-five. So, I looked for the host but did not find one, the bartender was just doing their thing, I was confused as to what I was supposed to do. 

I waited around for someone, anyone to come and tell me what to do, but to no avail. Sad that I didn't get to try their food. But oh well!
This is a perfect date spot. Very fun art, very cool vibe, very eclectic menu.  I had the tofu saag and half of a veggie burger.  The veggie burger is a must order- if you're vegan - just ask and then will veganize it for you. 

They have a good mix of omni options with a few vegan stand outs. 

The service was spot on, the food was great, and the atmosphere was terrific.  


I went here on a girl date with yelp darling veganliciousLJ, but I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend and try the drinks out.
The anticipation of Strangeloves opening made my friends and i slightly crazy, as we loved boilermaker ( the spaces previous occupant). If your looking for sultry and dark you wont get that here.
Stopped in for drinks with some friends for HH , they only offer specials on domestic beers, no cocktails , wine or bar bites. Im not really an ipa kind of gal but im making a point to try so when i asked for a taste of the bars signature beer from manyunk brewey i was told they don't do that since all of their beers are great and at a good price point. I probablty made a weird face in shock since most beer bars that offer uncommon drafts offer a sample and suprisisgly  a small sample made its way to the bar and though it didnt wow me i ordered one while i waited for my friends to arrive.
I will say they offer varied food options for everyone and there were quite a few vegan friendly options. We decided on the popcorn that came with some spice and some cotija cheese, and brown butter. Id order the popcorn again it was a pretty decent size  3 of us split it.

I need to try more menu options however the drink options for me were limited since i dont do alot of brews. Wines by the glass are unimpressive and they dont have cocktails but the do have a full bar of philly favorites
This review is for Happy Hour only (5-7pm on weekdays)!

I recently took some out-of-town friends to this place and felt the need to give this place some more (strange)love - this is a great spot for happy hour!

After failing to find a good Happy Hour with ample seating available on a Friday night, we were overjoyed to circle to Strangelove, which was well-occupied but not overcrowded and no wait! They have a decent selection of local brews on tap that are $4 during HH - we took advantage of this and happily had several glassfuls. 

For HH nibbles, I recommend the catfish bites - 4 pieces of perfectly fried catfish and a special tartar sauce. We didn't care for the mushroom ball things or chicken taquitos as much. 

Solid choice for happy hour, especially if you're looking to sit down and engage in conversations. They have an upstairs and service is consistently attentive on both levels. Would've been a 5-star had the half-priced bites been all as good as the fried catfish.
I hate beer, but I love this beer bar!  We tried going to Strangelove a few weeks after they opened on a Friday night - 45 minute wait, not so much!  So, I promised we would try for another day.  One weekday evening, we were playing one of our favorite games "Where / What should we eat tonight?"  And Strangelove it was... 

There were so many menu items that looked appealing that we ended up ordering a hodge podge ... the wings (with shoestring carrots/celery and chunky blue cheese), mussels, duck/sausage gumbo, collard greens & SL burger!  All of this, plus beer and a cocktail for under $60 {insert shock & awe music}... 

The duck/sausage gumbo probably could have used a tad more seasoning.  The wings, mussels, and greens were really good.  BUT THAT STRANGE LOVE BURGER... WAS SOMETHING ELSE! Topped w/ a fried green tomato, BBQ sauce & goat cheese ... it was just as perfect and juicy as it could be.  I've since been having reoccuring thoughts, dreams & fantasies about this burger... alas, I understood why the restaurant was called "strange love."  B/c clearly, I would be having strange thoughts and twisted dreams about this burger for the coming days and weeks...   

In addition to going back for my new burger boo... I'm also looking forward to trying the gouda grits, fried okra & loaded tots!

Note: A 5th star is withheld b/c Strangelove is in desperate need of a cocktail menu.  I ordered a sidecar, which I felt was a fairly safe option, and it was just barely on this side of potable.
Walked in here pretty damn sober looking forward to a third half-full glass of wine (mind you, we had also been eating over the course of 2 hours) only to be rejected by the condescending bartender. Aka the short lady with the short black hair. Why were we rejected? Our friend has a speech impediment and we were rejected since she was "slurring" her words. I'd love to show you what a real slob looks like, but i will never step foot in this place again. Way to make things awkward strangelove's.
Made it out to the Grand Opening, and boy was it crowded!  From the outside, you would have never have known that many people could fit inside.  The hostess was incredibly nice enough to escort me through the crowd to the stairs heading up where the rest of my group was.  I say this, because I know some hostesses that would just tell you to head to the back and you'll see the stairs, and wish you the best at maneuvering through the crowd.  So thumbs up for the initial service of just getting me to my friends!  Once united, I was greeted by our server, who let me take a look at the nice list of beers to choose from.  I ordered the Ozzy, which hit the spot.  Despite being ridiculously crowded, our server was still able to weave through the crowd and attend to us.  Again, another thumbs up for service!  I did not get a chance to sample any of the small bites that were floating around.  But that's ok, I'm sure that I will be happy stopping by here for a meal with the tasty looking menu items.  When it was time to settle up our tab, we did ask if our Local 44 rewards cards were usable....unfortunately they were not.  Hopefully they either start their own beer rewards card or are able to connect to the Local 44 card. :)  Cheers to a great Grand Opening!
Had to get into Stangeloves right away as they just opened last week. This review is only based on drinks & bar service. But I loved my first time at Stangeloves. Owned by Local 44  (who also owns Alla Spina which I love), so i know this would be good. The 2 lady bartenders upstairs were kickass, they were very knowledgable about all the beer selections and made some great recommendations. 
The atmosphere is brighter and cleaner than the previous Butcher & Brewer, and Boilermaker.  They had many great craft beers on tap, and bottles, as expected. 

Will come back ASAP for food and update this review.  If the food is as good as the beer selection & service, then this could warrant 5 stars!
Very RARELY do I ever give one star but I just had such a terrible experience here. My friends and I went for happy hour I got a Pinot Grigio and my friend got a well drink. The space was cramped so as someone passed my arm hit my friends drink and it spilled, without her even getting a sip. Well we told our waitress and she could not have been more rude about it. In the most sarcastic way she was like wow well would you like another drink? My friend says yes and she says okay I can put a lid on it this time like a children's drink. I was SHOCKED. So rude. Also we were charged for the spilled drink. While I understand it was not the restaurants fault, I am also a server as is my friend and at the both of the places we work we would never ever charge for a spilled drink it's just good business etiquette. My whole experience was terrible and I even heard my waitress using bad language while talking to a table. She was SO  rude and sarcastic and it was terrible.
We found this place on Yelp after attending that block party on 11st  which was an unorganized mess!! l'm so glad we did. This place was awesome! We walked to this location from the block party and we went straight to the bar since originally our first mission was to get a drink!  The bartender was very nice and very efficient.  She approached us immediately and offered us a menu.  We purchased at least 2 to 3 drinks. I had the Apple cider as my first drink and it was so refreshing. We also  ordered from the menu. We decided to get the fried Catfish sandwich with a side salad to share it was definitely enough for us to share. 

 The Catfish was nice and crunchy with the perfect sauce.  We also purchased the Coconut Mussels. It was delicious! At first I was like hmmmm coconut sauce but lt definitely delivered.  They had a TV at the bar if you're interested in sports.  They also played music throughout our whole time there. l especially loved the Catfish sandwich on a kaiser roll.  It was so good . They have three restrooms total which was very clean.  They have seating upstairs with the other two restrooms if you want to be more secluded.  l am so glad we found this place and my overall visit was great! I definitely recommend.
Came here last May for a light dinner out.  

Started with the a heady topper beer which is good.  

Forget what we started with since I was the last one to show up and got the Korean spiced tempeh sloppy joe which was good with fries.  

Good bar food and staff was friendly and they have the game on. 

My buddy likes this spot so likely I'll be back

Possibly for the happy hour lol
Wow. Holy shit. We came in here to have a drink and some snacks with a friend and we were blown away at how good the food was! Check it out if you can.
The extra star is really because they used to be so great...and hopefully they'll get there again in the future? Came here for dine in yesterday for late lunch on taco Tuesday. 

Quite a list of beers, which is great and what we've always like them for. Lots of the food options seem to have changed. We split the avocado fries as an app. Very crispy, so that was good. Hard to find the avocado inside...certainly not enough to taste. Sauce was passable. Whole thing was quite greasy and just salty. For my main dish I had the Rainbow sandwich. 15$ and all I got were not house made fries, a nice enough bun fill with a minimal amount of roasted peppers, shredded lettuce, and some goat cheese. Very disappointing and not filling at all. And a ridiculous price for what you get. My friend had the loaded nachos and the quality was woeful. They were just regular nacho chips you'd get at an affiliate hockey arena with some sad cheese on them. Also may or may not have been a piece of moldy bread we found inside...why was there bread in the nachos? Why was it moldy? Best not to ask...

Server was super nice. Service was quick. They have lots of cool things coming up like quizzo and hopefully live music. Taco Tuesday is a nice idea but the menu was uninspired and the margs we got were OK. Why is there a menu for 6$ shots at 1PM in the afternoon? 

Really wanted to like this place as much as I used to, but it just wasn't good. Food was very disappointing. Maybe come for happy hour? Maybe come back if they change their menu later?
Surprised at some of the negative reviews, since these operators other places are run extremely well. Maybe it's their competition in disguise. 

Was here for celebratory drinks recently and was very pleased with the bar service and quality of cocktails. Have to come back to try the food, but it it's anything like their other places I'm sure it will be very good.
What a gem! Great beer, great food and even better - a great selection for vegetarians. (Generally I can choose between 1-2 things, here there were a variety of options in vegan and vegetarian.) But don't worry  meat eaters, you have plenty of yummy sounding things as well. The kale salad was delightful and the pimento cheese (a dip) with pickles was so yummy. Dessert sounded good, but we were way too stuffed on their ample portions. 

Wheelchair accessible, no step and tables that accommodate. 

Staff was super friendly and helpful and service was prompt, but in a very good way (not rushed). 

Will definitely be back!
Had an incredibly disappointing "experience" here Saturday. Reserved a space 6 weeks ago for a 31st birthday and everything was piss poor from start to finish. Hours-old food was left out from a previous party, no glassware when we arrived at 10pm, and horrendous excuse for service. Were told by snooty bartenders that it is "the owner's policy" to have a 2 drink maximum on liquor drinks. Would have been nice if I was told such a stupid thing when booking! When I questioned Lisa about it she stated that it was a "beer bar" - which I am well-aware of - but I had no idea that friends that chose to drink vodka sodas would be humiliated and handed a water.
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place last night when we were looking for another bar that apparently doesn't exist anymore. What a great random find! 

We chose to sit upstairs in the less crowded dining room.  We caught the tail end of happy hour and quickly ordered some beers and small bites.  Their happy hour beer special included all domestic drafts for $4.  Great beer selection.  

Our $4 bites included homemade chips with a french onion dip, pickled vegetables, crispy mushroom torta and catfish bites.  They were all amazing but the catfish bites (5 juicy pieces of catfish breaded and fried) were a steal for $4. Next we ordered the gazpacho (tasty and a huge bowl for $6) and fried green tomatoes topped with lump crab.  The tomatoes were good but I wish they would have had a little more of the dressing on them. 

I had the shrimp etouffee which was the best etouffee i've had since I was in New Orleans last year. My boyfriend really enjoyed the shrimp po'boy, which says something because he went to college in New Orleans and is a bit of a po'boy snob. We split the vegan big ass brownie for dessert which did not at all taste vegan.  

Great little spot on 11th street.  I can't wait to go back and try some more food...this place is a pescetarian heaven.
'Rents were in town and I was tasked with taking them for brunch near their hotel which was right next to Market East. I asked friends for suggestions, had a list of places, checked out distances and Yelp reviews... and off we went to Strangelove's!

I always like trying new places that seem a bit funky, my stepmom is vegetarian, and my dad is the legit pickiest person on the planet. Not only did Strangelove's have something for all of us, but it was absolutely delicious, service was great, and the place itself was charming and different. I had the shrimp and grits, my stepmom had the cucumber soup and pretzel bites, and my dad had the old timer breakfast. My shrimp and grits were cooked perfectly and super creamy! I tried the cucumber soup and it was so fresh and refreshing, and the mustards for the pretzel bites were divine (sumac one was my fave). The servers/bartenders were great to talk to and joke with.  

We didn't have any alchy drinks, but the beer list was impressive! Overall, wonderful experience! My dad was a giant fan of the music playlist that was on ... and points for the picture in the bathroom of the sheep wearing a Santa hat :)
My girlfriend and I ordered takeout over the weekend. We ordered the  Russian kale salad, pretzel bites, corn dog, veggie burger and the Strangelove's burger. 

The kale salad was extremely disappointing. It was smaller than the side salad that came with the veggie burger. It was tasty and the dressing was good, however it was so small that for $12 it was a complete ripoff.

The pretzel bites were good, and the mustard dipping sauce was really good.

The corn dog was just meh. I didn't really care for it. It was overpriced at $6 for what it was. I wasn't a big fan of the kielbasa.

My girlfriend had the veggie burger with side salad. She really enjoyed the veggie burger, but the side salad didn't come with any dressing.

The Strangelove's burger was good, but nothing great. It was pretty average and seems overpriced at $15. 

Overall we were pretty disappointed in our meal. It seemed very expensive for very average food. Maybe it is because we got takeout and did not dine in? If that is the case, then they should not offer take-out if their food quality is completely diminished.
Had my fiance's birthday party in the upstairs space and could not have been more impressed with the whole experience. With planning, Morgan was lovely to work with and answered all of my questions. We got the whole upstairs space privately and had a bartender, Andy, dedicated to the group. Andy was attentive and provided awesome service. We ordered a bunch of party platters and they did a good job spacing out delivery of the hot items and dispersing to the whole group. All of the apps got rave reviews from the group. Highly recommend for private events!
Fabulous service, tasty food and comfortable atmosphere! I love this place after just going once.  Lisa was the bartender upstairs and she was fantastic. It was crowded but she didn't skip a beat. She served drinks fast and with a smile. 

Their menu is very diverse. You can find something for every taste. I had a few different appetizers. My favorite were the sliders and their home made potato chips! You should really check this place out for happy hour. 

 I will be back soon!
I stopped in on the advice of a shop keeper on Antique Row.  I was not disappointed!!  I ordered a specialty beer and a Strangelove's Burger, and they were both delicious.  The service was great and the bathroom was clean.

Honestly, for a tourist who is just wandering, this is one of the places you just HOPE you find.  A local haunt that is awesome!  Strangelove's is the real thing.  

You will love it!
I went with my husband for drinks and dinner earlier tonight.  The food was pretty good.  We got the tater tots to share (not as crispy as I would like but pretty good).  I got the gumbo and the smoked gouda grits, and he got the turkey sandwich.  The food was quite good.  

I have several gripes about the beers, however.  (a) I agree with a previous reviewer (actually, I think we sat next to them) that every single beer comes out with a huge head, regardless of style.  Weird.  (b) The beer menu should specify the size of the pour.  When getting an IPA, I had assumed that it's a pint, but alas, it comes in these flute-snifter hybrid glasses instead.  That may also contribute to the super tall head -- we're talking about a 2.5 to 3 fingers' worth of head here.  (c) My biggest complaint, though, is the fact that tastes are not allowed.  I totally get it if it were a rare beer, and I am not expecting a big taste -- just an oz will be just fine.  The menus do not include any sort of description about the beers, just generic description of the style.  Plenty other craft beer places in the city are happy to give tastes (e.g., Varga, Tria, etc.).  In fact, the wait staff often brings you an extra so you can expand your horizon.  Part of their philosophy is to educate people about the different beers.  And on the practical side, if I try something and like it, I'm going to order it!  If you don't want to offer tastes, then offer flights.  And no, this is not a matter of cost; I simply do not want to order a beer that I may end up wasting.  

On the plus side, the draft list is pretty good -- covers a reasonable range of styles.

4/30 update:  Kudos to the business owner for writing to me personally.  I think that's great!
This place has some nice vibe, good natured bartenders and cheap beers during happy hour. We had reserved the upstairs area for a business event and the staff were really accommodating to orders and brought up the food just in time. No real complaints.
We came for a late brunch and it was comfortably crowded. The fried tomatoes app was really flavorful and different...in a good way. My chicken avocado Arugula salad was really light but filling. My friend's tempeh sandwich was awesome. We split the brownie three ways and it was the perfect end to a great weekend meal. Only thing I didn't love was the communal table seating...I like having my own table. Obviously not a big deterrent though!
I came here for an interview dinner and by far made an excellent impression. Service was excellent, waiters were knowledgeable and courteous. I'm not an avid beer drinker, so I was easily lost with the menu. Waiter was excellent with top choices depending on your palate. I had the Ichtegem's Grand Cru, if you have a predilection for red wine. I would recommend it highly! 

Great range of appetizers. I had the roasted flatiron steak for my entree dish... Medium well was perfect for my liking. Very scrumptious and savory meat. Not too big of a fan of the broccoli and cheddar because cheese overload isn't my thing being an Asian ;P My fellow applicant next to me had the pork tenderloin over bed of mashed yams and bits of bacon. Apparently also appealing to the palate lol! 

And finally desserts:  recommend the peanut butter pie. Layers of chocolate and creamy peanut butter with whipped cream. If you dig chocolate, try the Bad Ass brownie ;p warm and filling and certainly bad ass :)
This review is for Monday night quizzo - upstairs at 9pm. 

Our team name was : Labia Majora Leagues , we lost to Urethra Franklin

The beer list was full of beers I had never had before and they had a nice selection of sours. 

The game was fun, the crowd was nice , no cover or game participation costs. 

One of my teammates had the burger and chips. Looked really good. Will try the food the next time I'm in Philly.
I've been here a few times and every time I leave with the "I really need to write a review!" feeling.  
Most recently, I planned a happy hour for a big group of about ~20 people.  I didn't plan very far in advance, and it was on a Friday, but when I called, they were extremely accommodating and said it was no problem.  My group started showing up around 5 and we ended up staying until around 12.... so I guess happy hourS is more appropriate. The food was delicious (GET THE HAM AND CHEESE!!!), the service was fast and friendly - and the prices were right both during and after happy hour.
Update: went for lunch today-food and service again were exemplary  had tostada, catfish po-boy, food was on par w recent lunch at Barbuzzo. 



Based on a Tue night, 6:30pm visit.

I'll go with a five star rating because I had a first rate experience from start to finish.  The waitress was lovely, personable, I noticed she interacted more with me, who is open to chatting, and less with a couple next to me who just wanted to order and eat.  To me, that indicates the server is present, and not tuned out.  She knew a lot about the food and made me feel welcome.  When I dine alone, sometimes I feel the wait staff write me off, and the hostess gives me a throwaway table, but the experience at Strangelove's was the opposite.  

And the food--I had pretzel nuggets to start, buttery, decadent, piping hot, served with three different home-made mustards, one w. violet, one spicy, one more grainy, so good!!  Had a burger w. goat cheese and some sort of spicy sauce, it had some heat, which took me awhile to get used to, once I relaxed into it, I enjoyed it.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the bun was fresh, soft, but held all the ingredients.  Not sure I loved this dishes flavors, but it was so perfectly prepared.  The person who brought it out was present, and seemed to care about the food he was presenting.  

Also had cheese grits topped with green onions.  This was absolute perfection, creamy, but each bite was somewhat al dente.  

There was some sort of company party in the space upstairs so I was worried that the kitchen wouldn't be at its best, but there is some major mojo going on, ie. food made with love and great skill.  I'm not expecting that I would like everything on the menu, but when it is so well prepared and presented, I'm likely to visit again and again!!

Has a slight hipster vibe but smart enough to handle adult customers w. care.  (me--I'm a six five bald guy in business casual attire).
I stumbled into Strangelove's one day with a friend and comfort food cravings galore. We split the duck and sausage gumbo and the burger with a side of broccoli and cheddar casserole. They were both freaking awesome.

Everything on the menu is familiar but with a delicious twist that makes it really hard not to over order. The beer list is killer and the bartenders were enthusiastic and gave great recommendations. What was supposed to be a quick bite turned into a long, beer laden dinner complete with migration upstairs to partake in a lively session of quizzo.

The service upstairs was just as good and we threw in an order of pretzel bites that were so fluffy and perfectly salty that they didn't even need the three different fancy mustards they came with - though they were excellent additions.

Since I've returned once, and while it didn't hold up to the perfection of my first visit, it was still totally solid and worthy of recommendation.
My Strangelove's experiences have just been for happy hour but I'm sold.

Not only do they have a regular weekday happy hour, they have Sunday happy hour specials too. I really liked that it wasn't limited to the bar area only. On my most recent visit, my group of four sat at a table upstairs. 

Everything was $4 including a nice list of craft beers. I opted for the Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale.

There were also several appetizers for $4 as well. My group split a few orders of the chicken taquitos and cat fish bites. Both snacks were definitely tasty but not the type of appetizers to have if you are super hungry.

The service was fine. Our server was friendly and attentive but there was nothing noteworthy otherwise.

There was something familiar and nice about Strangelove's. Maybe because it used to be Doc Watson's or maybe it just has a nice atmosphere of its own. Whatever it is, I have a new happy hour spot when I'm in that part of town.
Totally fell into this place while walking home one day and I'm so glad I did! 

They have around 10 craft beers on tap (I believe rotating) and some pretty knowledgeable staff. Our server had answers for all of our questions regarding the food and drinks. My friend is gluten free AND vegetarian, so just imagine the amount of questions we threw at this poor guy. 

We started with Brussels sprouts, which were definitely in the top 5 I've had in Philly. For my main, I ordered the pork burger with red pepper chimichurri, red onions, and cotija cheese. You know the emoji with the heart eyes? Yeah, that's me right about now. The sandwich was large but definitely manageable with just my hands. I chose fries instead of salad (because at this point...) and had a side of sumac dressing for dipping. The sumac dressing is amazingggg. It would be great for dipping veggies and such. 

We also spent a good 2 hours here and were never rushed. This is so rare in restaurants, which I understand from a business perspective, but I'm just tryna wine and dine. 

Can't wait to come back!
I stopped in here on a Thursday around 5pm with my kiddo and wife. There were a few people at one table and a few people at the bar. Other than that, the place was empty. We chose our table and put in our drink orders. I'm not entirely sure why, but it took about 8 minutes to get my wife's beer. The waitress kind of just stood around waiting for it to fill up under the bar so I wasn't able to see what was going on, but we were clearly waiting to order food, so she could have done that in the meantime. Oh well. 

Once she came back, we ordered the whipped ricotta, fried brussels sprouts, Strangelove's Burger and Crabby Sammy. The ricotta and brussels came first about 15 minutes later. The ricotta was creamy and delicious. It came paired with some nuts and pears which went really nicely. There was a flavor missing that I couldn't put my finger on. Sweet? Salty? I honestly don't know what it was. Regardless, it was still really yummy. The brussels were just ok. The outer layer was really crispy and flavorful, but just beyond that, they were hardly cooked and even slightly cold in the middle. They definitely needed some more time in the fryer. The burger was cooked a little more than I wanted, but was still flavorful and filling. I didn't try the crab cake, but my wife and kid ate it up. All in all, the meal was pretty good. 

After we finished eating, it took a while to get the waitress' attention for the check. So while the meal was pretty good, the service could use some improvement.
Not sure why this bar has good reviews. Been here twice and disappointed both times. Rude, unfriendly and unhelpful bartender and a bland vibe.
Had dinner there Saturday evening with a friend. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. The kitchen was quick to get the food out to us despite the restaurant being fairly full. 

I had the duck and pork gumbo which was very good. It was spicy but not overbearingly so. The catfish po boy was fantastic  

There is a wide selection of craft beers as well as a complete bar. 

I'd definitely go back again.
My gf and I found Strangelove's in the hunt for a Friday night dinner spot for us and another couple:  we are vegans, they are not, and all of us love good beer.  Strangelove's fit the bill.  They have a ton of vegan items, and the food is SO GOOD.  As in, I pulled our waitress over to confirm that our tostadas were in fact vegan.  They were that amazing.  (Not to say vegan food isn't amazing, it is, but so few places do it so well!)  The beer list was also great, and I found an awesome saison right off the bat that I enjoyed all night.  

The only thing better than a vegan place with great beer, is a vegan-friendly place with great beer that delights herbivores and omnivores alike.  We will definitely be back.
Darn, I was almost the first to review! 

We made it to the Grand Opening of Strangelove's last night, and I can't wait to return! The place is enormous and the servers were very knowledgable about the beer menu. Speaking of which, the draft list was incredible! I had my favorite Allagash White, and my boyfriend "fell" for the Love Stout.

The free food samples were great, especially the catfish po' boy and the mushroom flautas, but I will have to come back to have a real meal here. I'm already eyeing up the burger and the kale salad. The menu looks like it is right up my alley!
This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour! They always have a ton of great beers on special and a decent selection of snacks to pair with them (beer and snacks all $4 Mon-Fri 5-7). I've munched on the chips and onion dip, popcorn, and conch bites (they were a little strange because they were heavy on the corn meal flavor). Also, the regular food menu is great and has a lot of veggie options. My favorite is the veggie burger, and you can order it with a salad to keep things healthy after all the not-so-healthy snacks.

Although this place looks small when you initially walk in, they have a huge upstairs area with a second bar and a bunch of tables. I hosted a birthday party here a few months back, and the staff were very accommodating. They gave us a large table upstairs, made sure to keep the drinks coming, and didn't mind that we brought a cake from an outside bakery. Everyone had a great time, and I would definitely recommend this place as a party venue!
My first visit to Strangelove's was for lunch. I have gone a couple more times for brunch. And every time I go it is a requirement that I get the French Onion Dip. Because seriously, the dip is like the best dip I've ever had. Smoky in flavor and creamy in texture, it pairs up perfectly with their super crispy chips.

Brunch is no slouch; the Eggs Benny are on par with any other awesome brunch spot.

They are known for their draught/craft rotating beer listing and their have a nice sleep bar to spotlight that. I always find something new that I want to try whenever I'm there.

And come on, a name that references Kubrick AND Depeche Mode?  Gotta love that. May I reiterate: GET THE DIP!
Decent beer and the menu looked appealing. We ordered some boiled chili peanuts, worst nuts I've had in my mouth. They were not poorly done or poorly flavored, we just weren't fans of soft warm nuts. We realized that dry crunchy nuts are preferred.
Casual but also clean/polished-looking place. It's pretty small, but there's a second floor. This might sound weird but I liked the wall booth seats, which felt quite spacious. I didn't try the food, but they seemed pretty good. I tried a french fry, which was good, and one friend said his pork sandwich was probably the best he's ever had. 

My biggest complaint is the beer list. I am a stout person - there's only one stout (and it's not good) on the list, while all the rest are pale ales/IPAs or cocktails. Cocktails were pretty good (tasted a bit watery though), but the long island iced tea was excellent. 

Very friendly server, and she's very knowledge about drinks. Wish I could like the bar more, but nothing about it really stood out to me. I had a great time there, but I know I would've had a great time at any other bar too. If only Strangelove's beer list were more delectable to me!
Hmm. A strange place. It's trying to be hipster but everyone on the night I went was suited up, fresh from work. 

The menu is eclectic to say the least. A mash-up of Cajun, French, and Texas influences. Po' boys, vegan chorizo, pork belly. I had the po' boy which was delicious and for $11 was big enough for lunch the next day too. For an app, we had the popcorn which was good but strange-chili, cheese, and butter over top which made each bit interesting. 

 I was also happy to see the wine selection since I'm not into beer. They do have a fairly decent wine list-about 10 wines you could get by the glass. Would love to see some original cocktails from this place though. 

I'll def be back for the happy hour specials.
This review is based on the *vegan* menu items at Strangelove and they are SO GOOD. Every bite of food was fantastic. We ordered the Brussels sprouts (which sadly are no longer on their everyday menu), the vegan chorizo tostadas, and the smoked tempeh muffaletta. Seriously, the sprouts were probably the best I've ever had. The tostadas were beyond delicious and flavorful. Just a really good meal, with great service, in a really cool spot.
This place has a little something for everyone- the meat lovers, the veggie lovers, and those in between. I was torn on this review because their execution of some of these things comes up a bit short. Their arugula salad with shrimp- tasty but after the first 10 bites I was wishing there were far fewer pickled onions and more arugula and cheese. The kale salad- yes, it's huge!- is delicious but was loaded with way too much dressing. Next time, I'll ask for it lightly dressed.

If you come during the summer, definitely check out their gazpacho. I'm partial to the one I make at home, but this one is bright and well-balanced- one of the better ones I've had in restaurants.

One of the items that I found myself craving was their good ole turkey sandwich. I came back a week later to get said turkey sandwich only to find it had been deleted from the menu! I hope they're just rotating the menu items and didn't do away with it forever!
Following my initial review of this place, I've visited quite a few more times without a subpar experience (or beer, for that matter). Ultimately, a recent group dinner here with a large, raucous party bearing mixed dietary needs and preferences merited a fifth star. Our server did not make any errors despite our huge order, and acted rather attentively despite our nigh-constant distraction. Furthermore, most diners enjoyed their meals to a significant extent, and the only miss out of the many dishes tasted that evening was a fairly pedestrian chicken sandwich. 

Still the copious amount of reasonably portioned, tasty Southern inspired grub (they seem to have upped the plate sizes, mitigating my prior gripe) more than made up for that small miss. The vegan tostadas are as deceptively meaty as ever, the mussels still intensely seafood-y, the burger killer, and the po-boys on point. Whether for a few brews or a full meal, Strangelove's does the job well; it will remain my favorite neighborhood spot for quite some time.
Wow. We went for brunch today- had a fairly eclectic beer menu. Started w the fried green tomatoes. Awesome. The table next to us raved about the Brussel sprouts too. I had the shrimp n grits which was fantastic & my fianc had the catfish po boy. I almost stole his and I'll get that next time. Def a cool spot- staff were all really gracious and spot on. Brian was our server today- very cool guy and knew the beer menu well for suggestions.
Just came here for drinks on a hot afternoon and was very impressed with their shot menu! We tried the "duck fart" shot which was a creamy whiskey and loved it.  We got the raspberry pizza boy beer and the two robbers seltzer.  The seltzer was good but the beer was more sour than anticipated.  There food did look good so we'll be back for their food!
Cute little pub, friendly staff, great selection of delicious beers (try the chocolate stout!). The fried Brussel sprouts were delicious! . Will definitely go back!
I dined here Sunday June 21st. Service was good! Staff welcoming. I had the Smokey French onion dip & chips!!!! Omgeee!!! Delicious! Even after I took it home and ate the next day!! I couldn't stop eating it. Next was the French toast of the day. It was tasty but different. It had a gram ham cracker crust I think. . Last was the crawfish and grits. Very flavorful. I love cheese so I need more smoked Gouda. They specialize in beer so the bar is limited but have the basics. Tried their version of a mimosa. A beer mosa which was a light crisp beer with OJ. I liked it. I am going back. I saw food passing our table that looked delicious.
Picked this spot to hide from all the pre-Super Bowl shows and hype. It was about half full inside but only one bartender working both the bar and those of us sitting at tables for food. Overall good experience and the food came out quick and hot. Only disappointment was the onion rings appetizer - completely tasteless. We tried the dip it came with, adding salt and pepper - it was just very flavorless coating. We each tried one and didn't touch them again. The bartender didn't ask how we were enjoying things because honestly he was really busy, so it was a shame to leave an entire plate of food behind.
Man, what happened to this place. My wife and I used to go here regularly before the pandemic. They had a great menu, good beer selection, and a chill atmosphere. We've been back twice since they reopened. Disappointing would be a massive understatement. 

The new menu sucks. I ordered the Strangelove's burger. Back when this place was good, they used quality ground beef and asked me how I'd want it cooked. It also came with goat cheese and a fried green tomato. It was delicious. Now it's just a normal bacon cheeseburger with fried onions. I decided to give it a chance, but what I got was just sad. The patty was thin and cooked to a crisp. They forgot the bacon and the onions. I brought this up to my server, and I was told that they were out of bacon, no mention of the onions. I can make a better burger at home, and it doesn't cost $16. My wife ordered the chicken sandwich. The flavor was good, but it only had two tiny silver dollar sized pieces of chicken. A $15 chicken sandwich needs to have some heft, a full breast or at least a good sized cutlet. Chicken isn't expensive. 

The service also sucked. I don't want to be mean to our server. She was doing her best, but the place is way understaffed. One person to manage a full bar and multiple tables just doesn't work. 

I don't know if Strangelove's has new management, or what the problem is, but whoever is running this place is cutting every possible corner to reduce costs. And it shows in the final product. They need to hire more staff. They need to fix their menu. 

The only positive thing I can say is that the selection of draft beers is decent. 

After eating there probably 20 times over the past several years, I'm sad to say that we will not be going back.
I headed to Strangelove's for dinner before a show at The Forrest Theatre and it ended up being a great choice.  The close proximately to the theater and friendly accommodating staff made eating and getting to the show a breeze.  You can get happy hour specials at a table which was a major bonus since most place only let you get them in the "bar area".  Any beers on draft that at $6 are $4 during happy hour and they had an awesome draft list you have a lot of options.

The food was great.  I was a little wary about ordering the Tofu Saag since I really like the Paneer part of Saag Paneer but a friend did and share a bit it was delicious, part of me wish I ordered it but my choice was great as well.  I went with the veggie burger it had a nice kick to it so if you're not a spicy fan you might want to pass on this one.  The portion sizes were decent and price average.  I'd totally stop by again especially if I am on my way to a show in the area.
This was my first time at Stranglove's, and of course it was for Quizzo. It's always interesting checking out a new trivia bar, but we were excited and pumped to win. It's Monday's at 9, with a witty host in the middle of the bar. Pretty much everyone is playing so it's easy to hear the questions and people respect not being too loud. 

There were only two people working Monday night, but somehow the entire bar was well fed, we had drinks flowing, and we were able to try it all. One of my friends even ordered a beer that he thought was  not his style, and the waitress brought him out a new one for no charge!

I got to try the onion rings and wings. Unexpectedly, the onion rings come with a spicy mexican style sauce, but it went well with the super crunchy flavors of the rings. The wings were spicy, but the hot sauce tasted like it was a bit diluted in flavor. Very meaty and juicy though, so not a bad choice. Overall, will come back to try the drinks and to play quizzo again soon!
Glad to support a local restaurant during COVID! Outdoor dining with heaters seats up to 4. Servers and staff wear masks. Fast and efficient service, server made good recommendations. I've been here several times but went for their Taco Tuesday last night. Creative cocktails and really good margaritas. Tacos were good too. Overall happy with the quality and portion sizes for food and drink as always!!! 

Their appetizers and entrees are always satisfying - my friends and I have had a variety of items from the menu and have never had any complaints, only compliments!
Let's be totally honest--I was a little apprehensive about the bar as I hadn't been to the area before, but the second I walked in, I stopped worrying and learned to love it because Strangelove's is the bomb.

Anyway, I am loving the draft list at Strangelove's--it's eclectic, with some well-known breweries and others that are more off the wall. The menu is clear about which are full pints and which are 10 or 12 oz pours. It's also got a strong seasonal flavor, so I'll have to keep coming back to see what's in store!

Unfortunately, I can't comment on the food because I was stuffed from brunch at Parc when I went, but their take on saag paneer looked and smelled delicious.

Overall, I loved the vibe at Strangelove's (understated colors and soft lighting make it a great place to bring a date--it seems just elite enough to be exclusive, without actually being difficult to get into). The service was helpful and not overbearing either--and our waitress put up with an ever-changing number of people at our end without comment, so many thanks to her.
The food was pretty good and there was def a lot of flavor going on. We had 6 of us and they say is but let us know they had a party coming at 9 and we would have to leave. That's awesome but then sit us somewhere else. There were other tables I looked. My wings had one of the best sauces buffalo style that I've ever had and the blue hers dressing was amazing. I had the burger also a high end burger. Cooked perfect and the bacon melted in my mouth. My table mates had a assortment and the one who had the porkchop (that was huge) said it was on the top three she's ever had. The waitress was gracious and didn't bat an eye when we asked her to split the checks individually. It was a little bit pricey for what we had but overall good. The wine is also on tap and was fizzy, they only had hip beers which is awesome but I don't like those beers. You have to have some regular beer for us common folk.
There's no shortage of amazing gastropubs in the city of brotherly love. Strangelove's belongs in this category and has a beautiful retro feel to it, along with the luxury of space. Large, new and complete with a massive upper level - the vintage lightbulbs that spell out "Strangelove's" above the bar lend the 2nd floor bar a swanky feel. The crowd here is definitely on the younger side, perhaps drawing in some of the Jefferson student crowd and young singles in the area looking to schmooze. Awesome beer selection - we were there during the Victory Tap Takeover - and even friendlier bartenders. On my beer-dar.
For lunch, Strangelove's offers an eclectic menu of diverse offerings (including some vegan options). From Whipped Ricotta to Muffuletta, Pittsburg Pork to Chickpea Pita, Mussels to Brussels (Sprouts) the menu is varied to say the least. The lunch combo of 2 courses and a non-alcoholic drink is a bargain at $15.

I had a perfectly cooked (medium-rare, caramelized crust, pink interior) "Strangelove's Burger" topped with fried tomato, smoky bacon, sweet creamy goat cheese, a drizzle of BBQ sauce and espellete aioli (a type of Basque sweet pepper). The tomato was a nice idea but lacked any significant seasoning. Over all however, it was a juicy great burger.

Featuring a schmear of whipped ricotta on the base and one side edge of the plate, the "Whipped Ricotta" appetizer included a small arugula salad, pear, and toasted almonds. It was a small plate but a big hit with my wife.

Eclectic also describes some of the brew offerings. I chose Goose Island Madame Ros, listed on the menu as a Belgium style Brown Ale. In this case ... it was not that, but rather a Wild American Ale - unusual, unfiltered, and funky, almost musty. As I wrote in my beer log: "First kiss...pucker up! Sweet, Tart, Sour, Complex funk. I like it."

I'd love to return to Strangeloves and try some of their other offerings. It's a relatively small place with very big flavors.
Sad to say I used to love this place but had a terrible experience last night and won't be back. Rude staff and new, worse menu. My partner politely asked the waitress what vegan options she recommended and she WENT IN on him for no reason and said, "We have no vegan options, just vegetarian, because vegans abandoned us during Covid and all the vegan food went bad so we don't serve it anymore because we didn't get enough vegan customers and we had to throw out all this food..." She went on and on complaining about vegans. It was SO awkward, our table of six was just staring at her...like we're here to hang out and get food, not listen to you rant. As if there aren't plenty of vegetables and vegan ingredients served with all their meat dishes (french fries anyone?)...made no sense. And she didn't even try to accommodate like "I can ask the chef" or "maybe this without cheese" or whatever. Meanwhile, I'm 95% sure there ARE vegan options still on the menu (hummus plate, brussels sprouts, etc), but after her very long, rude, super weird anti-vegan rant and her lack of assurance that ANYTHING on the menu could be vegan, the vegans decided not to order food.

I felt super bad about it because I chose the place for a large group specifically because I remembered it was a good spot for our mixed group of vegans and meat eaters. So we spent a bunch of money there, and the vegans went hungry for the night.

I promoted this place on HappyCow (a website for vegan and vegetarian friendly places) back in 2020 and was super sad to change my review there. Used to be a go-to spot for me, will never go back.
Will never return to Strangelove's.  Rented out the top bar for a private event - an after party for my wedding.  Agreed to a $1,200 minimum for the night.  Unfortunately, this was the evening of the "bomb cyclone" weather event.  Much of Philadelphia lost power, the airport was closed, amtrak was closed, roads were closed etc.  As a result, the city of Philadelphia was a ghost town that evening (i.e. nearly all bars and restaurants were empty).   

My wedding venue lost power and my wedding was delayed 1.5 hrs.  This meant that the group i brought to Strangeloves was much smaller than expected and was only there for 1 hr instead of the planned 3 hrs.   

Now I understand that i signed a contract months in advance, however the conditions that day in Philadelphia were very unexpected.  The staff at Strangeloves was EXTREMELY UNREMORSEFUL about the very stressful situation (on my wedding day) and charged me for the full amount.  I attempted to reach out to the owners three times and received no response.  Hopefully this review gets their attention.
This place always has a great selection of beers on tap. The bartender was very friendly last time we stopped in and offered for us to sample some of the beers before ordering. The beers are about $6-8 per pint. They have happy hour during the week and it looked like they do a happy hour on Sundays from 3-5 pm as well which is nice. I haven't gotten to try the food yet -- next time!
DO NOT USE THIS VENUE/BAR. My husband and I used Strange Love for our wedding meet and greet and it was a complete and utter mess. 
First, their AC broke and the room was 100 degrees, stunk of mold and beer and was missing part of their wall where they "investigated" the issue... things happen but when this happens four days before your event you would hope they would let you know. Not one word until we showed up with a 100 person party.
Second, while we all drank the heat away they "served" us food. "Served" meaning they didn't let anyone know and put it out 20 minutes before the open bar (2 hours) ended. By that time, I had left along with half the party because of the heat. I was extremely disappointed by the venue and management. Family and friends traveled near and far to celebrate an extremely important event and strange love took that away. 

I called following the event and worked with a "new" manager because the other was fired. They gave me hope they would make this right and reimburse at least the food which was untouched. Well.. after two months of being told they'd get back to me and sending all the information asked for, I've officially given up. I will NEVER  return or recommend Strange Love. 

Go elsewhere, there are many great bars in the city that are reliable and organized.

Keywords: Event, service & management
Strangelove's is a quaint little place on 11th Street with some great beers and great food. Our server was knowledgeable , helpful, and friendly. I can see how people could see the staff as a little lacking on the attentive side, but our group didn't really want anything else after we ordered so it didn't bother us in the least. 

We came for Happy Hour and took advantage of the draft specials, which turned out to be a great idea. In addition, I got the Strangelove's burger which was absolutely AMAZING. I knew I was in love as soon as I read the menu description. 

Definitely will come back!
3.7/5 for a good craft bar but with some choices. Came on a weeknight for a company event which we had the upstairs area which was nice with a separate bar. The beer choices were varied about 1-2 of each type. Food was samples of different things but my favorite was a cheese dip with the only complaint being that the chips need to be dip-quality.

Overall, good place to come for locals and to try at least once.
I like Strangelove. 

Okay- that sounds bad. 

But I like this bar, seriously. The beer selection is good- very good. They have wine and liquor too. I've had appetizers before but never have had a meal. It's a cool bar right by one of the hospitals. So there is a lot of medical professionals partaking in the wonders of etoh. It's not your cozy east coast bar either-it is more modern but nonetheless one of our stops that always ends up on the list. 

So stop by and drink with the locals.
