Finally!  Street food at street prices in a charmingly converted row home on W Girard Ave.  It seems like a family-run business serving traditional Vietnamese items with a modern, tapas style flair.  The menu ranges in price from $2.50 to $7 for everything except the wrap-your-own summer roll platter at $15 (for 2).  The portions are on the smaller side, but it's to be expected given the price point.  This is most definitely the kind of place to share a meal with a friend & some tequila while still being kind to your wallet.  

The vermicelli bowl was my favorite.  I had the chicken version that was marinated pieces of chicken thigh (I think) over rice noodles with veggies,  spring roll, cilantro and fish sauce.  Fresh, delicious and filling, yet not heavy.  The dumpling app was served steamed with a tasty dipping sauce.  Spring rolls in the vermicelli bowl were traditional but the "net roll" version was more like crispy tempura-ish bites.  Flan was amazing.  I'm a sucker for flan though.  Full stars for the selection versus price point for quality eats.

The seating is somewhat limited with a few tables & a counter by the window downstairs.  They have a second floor too, although I'm not sure if that's open yet.  It's byob with mixers and juice for purchase.  Delivery will be up soon on Grubhub, yay.
Street Side is a new and hidden gem at the nexus of olde kensington, fishtown, and northern liberties. It's a tiny little spot that may only have seating for maybe 14 diners at a time, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in heart. I'm happy to be the place's 2nd Yelp review, after being tipped off about this place by the wonderful Sophia I., who got the coveted 'first-to-review'. 

The Banh Mi is just as good if not better than QT in chiatown, and that's some high praise. The complexity of flavors paired with the perfect roll at a price point that was more than reasonable was simply fantastic. 

Since this was my first time here I opted for spring rolls and also a bowl of pho - for scientific yelp purposes of course... I'm not a fan of soups in the summer, but I just had to try it and I was impressed!  

Possibly the best thing to point out is the reasonable price for any of the items on the menu. I'm dog tired of spots opening up in the neighborhood with an average plate cost of 15-20$. Street Side is easily half that cost. With all of these positives, I'm pretty convinced that this place will grow in popularity quickly and become a quite successful addition to the 'hood.
I love Street Side. The menu is created almost like a tapas place where you can order a bunch of different items and share or you can order something like Pho to enjoy individually. In an environment where almost everyone has a TV, the homey feel here allows for more camaraderie and conversation without the distraction. Perfect for a casual date place! One of the best things is that it's BYOB and across the street from a wine and spirits store.

I always order the grandma's pork and chive dumplings because they hand make everything and it reminds me of my childhood when my mom and grandma would make me dumplings. No MSG so everything tastes home made. One of my favorite places in the area. You won't go wrong.
I'm so happy this place exists! Got a chance to try it tonight for the first time and I have to say, their style and flavor is on point. Vermicelli bowl and rice paper rolls were so good. What a great addition to the neighborhood. I love the combination of a casual feel and excellent food. Everything tastes clean and fresh with no shortage of flavor. Furthermore the prices are very reasonable. I will definitely be back.
Lovely little place and the owners are very nice. I got the you wrap for two and it was delicious and fun. We also got the house slaw and dumplings. the dumplings were fantastic. i got the donuts but my girlfriend ate them all... very happy this place is in the hood. yay!
Amazing little storefront gem of a restaurant on Girard Ave. An old friend took me for dinner on a Sunday before I left town.

The service was friendly and fast, and it is byob. I loved that they have small plates with a lot of flavor. It allowed us to try a few things, and the prices were reasonable. I loved the garlic shrimp dumplings, and the rice paper roll.
Such authentic great food ... In a charming little place with great food .... I love the menu !!! A great addition to my neighborhood on Girard .... This is a family owned Vietnamese street food place  ... Very excited they have come to my street ..... Best part is the prices ... Very reasonable ... And they have pho .... So it's a win win
A friend recommended this place and I was not disappointed!!  I tried the traditional crispy spring rolls, chicken and spinach dumplings and lemon sorbet in a fruit shell for dessert.  It was all wonderful!!  Food had lots of flavor, people working there were all really friendly and  helped with recommendations.  I found a new place to grab a tasty, quick bite, can't wait to go back.
I came here for a quick lunch while in the area. The thing that stood out the most is that the lady who is the server is also the cashier (and maybe even a cook!), was very attentive. For a slow weekday lunch, she really went out of her way to check in on me while I was there.

The place is a little nook and feels more like a coffee shop than a restaurant. I ordered my go to favorite which is a vermicelli bowl and decided to be adventurous and do the pork belly. I saw they had these shrimp rolls on the menu for 5/$5 and though that would be something delicious to snack on later. 

My bowl came out in a to go container because I had expressed that I was in a rush - I appreciated that. Once I went to dig in, I realized there weren't many veggies in my bowl and the pork belly was not delicious at all. I had to add tremendous amounts of hoison sauce to make this dish better. Then the most disappointing part of my meal was the size of these tiny shrimp rolls. They were barely half my pinky and I was genuinely expecting egg roll sizes for $5! Needless to say, this was more on me ordering shrimp rolls and expecting a larger size based on my experience elsewhere. 

Overall, I was just not very impressed with flavor or value.
Love this place.  Amazing food and great service. They have a great juice selection that makes it easy to make mix drinks. Highly recommend this place.
Street Side has been in my bookmarked folder for some time now and on a hot Saturday afternoon in July we made our way over to Girard. Street Side is a little hard to find and a little nondescript. The place is located across the street from Paesano's and almost next door to Moda Mia. The restaurant is trendier then most Viet places inside and it has a younger feel. There is seating downstairs and also upstairs. It is very casual and clean.

We were sort of in between lunch and dinner so we ordered a few things to be shared by 3 people. The Lemon Grass Bahn Mi, Garlic Shrimp Spring Roll, the traditional paper wrap and combo brisket Pho. Everything was really good and tasted fresh. The Bahn Mi bread was excellent. The Pho broth was light but still flavorful. I had an ice coffee, which hit the spot on a hot day, and we also tried the citrus coconut and cucumber drink and honey basil seed drink. Both of these were refreshing. We ended our meal happily with Asian sugar doughnuts and Coconut pudding. All of this was about $36.00. Not too bad at all for the quality and freshness of the food.

Definitely going back to Street side and 4 solid Yelp stars.
I live right near this place and even though they opened a few weeks ago, they have quickly become of my favorite restaurants in the area.  The dumplings are some of the best I've ever had and the spring rolls are fantastic.  The vermicelli noodle bowl and the pho are excellent, especially for the price.  The space itself is well decorated and always seems to be busy! I would highly recommend Street Side if you are looking for a simple and delicious place to grab a bite.
Wow, I visited Street Side on the recommendation of a family member, and it did not disappoint. The space is dimly lit and relatively small when you first walk in, but its decor is modern and colorful, and the service is very friendly. The menu has a variety of Vietnamese dishes, but the banh mi is where Street Side really shines. The lemongrass banh mi is some of the best I've had ever, and ringing in at $5.50, the price just can't be beat. I highly recommend stopping in for a meal or ordering to go the next time you're in the area!
Wow! So glad we found this place... Thank you yelp! The garlic shrimp net rolls were so good we ordered a second helping. The rolls were super crispy on the outside but the shrimp were not over cooked. The pork and chive dumplings were homemade, delicate and delicious. The beef pho was great, nice aromatic broth and the noodles were really good. Viet iced coffee was great too. Very good prices, I like that I can order lots of different items and it won't be too expensive. Will definitely be back! And I'm getting the donuts.
"If you like Banh mi, you should try Street Side in Fishtown", she suggested to me.

By now, I'd come to trust her food recommendations, and, still unfamiliar with all that Philly has to offer, looked up the menu online -and cringed. "That's pretty insensitive" (I'm sure I used a different word) as I pointed to parts of the menu that leapt off the page. "Well, it can't be insensitive" (again, different word), she insisted, secure in her conviction: It's their native cuisine. The food is very good.

I'm glad I listened, and ignored a superficial first impression, for the food at Street Side IS very good. And, unfortunate menu word choice apart (I'm not the only one to note that, see their Philly.Com review), whomever amongst the staff that I've met in the restaurant has been simply lovely: Smiling. Helpful. Polite. Patient. Considerate. Service is absolutely top notch.

The restaurant has some unusual items on the Banh Mi menu, hinting, perhaps, at their Cambodian / Khmer roots. This is most evident from the Kroeung Beef, which I sampled in the skewers. I've never tried this before and had to look up the ingredients for the paste (lemongrass, bay leaves, thyme, lemon zest, lime zest, ginger, garlic, turmeric, lemon juice, salt, sugar, and cinnamon) as the flavors were complex even if it all looked simple.

I also really liked their Banh mi. Other than the Coconut Shrimp Banh mi, which was the least of my favorites, I enjoyed all the others: in particular, Lemongrass chicken and the (fried) Five Spice Tofu. I believe the bread they use is from Ba Le bakery, but the Banh Mi has a nice spicy kick to it, and it's not just from the garlic mayo.

I wish I'd also tried their Viet Flan, but there are too many quality options for dessert nearby: most notably, Weckerly Ice Cream and Cake Life Bakeshop. So, there was no "Happy Ending" (from the menu) for me. Still, particularly given their budget price points, I strongly recommend Street Side to anyone in the area, and check out their website's claim of being a: 'Promiscuous' adaptation reflecting the best eats, beats, and vibes of Southeast Asia...
Yes, I agree with the others on here.  Street Side is a nice neighborhood addition to Fishtown.  The food is tasty and reasonably priced.  The ambience is comfortable and unpretentious.  The spring rolls were crispy.   The banh mi is a nice size with a fresh taste.  And, the coconut pudding is creamy.
Loved it! Casual vibe, amazing prices, solid food & BYO- it's a no brainer.

Food-wise, I was partial to the pork and chive dumplings, the veggie spring rolls, edamame and the donuts. I also got the vermicelli bowl, but I think next time I'd probably load up on the appetizers instead.

Also the menu is funny. Also there is a word search on the wall in the bathroom. Also our waitress was really nice. Okay that's all.
I really don't want to be a hater, but pork belly Bahn mi is not something that should exist. I ordered through Uber rags or one of those so I don't know if it makes a difference but when I got it it was cold and just slimy. Cold pork belly tastes like some kind of putrid fish bait. And the texture, god don't get me started on the texture. It was grotesque. I'm not sure if it's served cold in the restaurants but it was delivered cold to me and rendered inedible. I had a cucumber sandwich for dinner that night. 
I want to try them again as I am a big Bahn mi fan so I'll reserve a star for potential, but my first experience was pretty gross if I'm being honest.
I'm going to do it, I'm going to be one of the few reviewers who isn't all googly eyed over Street Side....maybe because there isn't all that much to go crazy for except for the price. After two orders from here, one delivery and one in-house, I'm sold on this being nothing exceptional, but still a nice little addition to the neighborhood. Our first experience here was shortly after the opening, boyfriend was scrolling through Grubhub and a new Vietnamese joint had popped up. We looked at the address and were super psyched to see that it was so close to our place! ...except that they were only offering delivery, I thought that was weird...wouldn't it save them time/money if they would let people walk over to grab their order? But whatever...we placed our order and waited. Boyfriend ordered the pho and the crispy traditional parcels (more commonly known as spring rolls) and was happy with his order. The parcels were cute, like little baby egg rolls instead of the more traditional sliced roll that more closely resembles a full size egg roll. 

I wish I had been more jazzed about my order, but it was all sorts of weird. I ordered the pork belly rolls, what should have been a fancier version of a traditional spring roll with shrimp. There was next to no pork belly, it was missing the carrot and daikon, and was overly stuffed with rice noodle. At $3.50 I couldn't find myself complaining, I was just disappointed that it was missing half of its ingredients. My coconut shrimp banh mi was a little odd too. Now, I'm a lover of the traditional banh mi so when I saw coconut shrimp I was sold. Aren't coconut shrimp usually breaded in shredded coconut then baked or fried? This was a sandwich made of overcooked rubbery shrimp with no hint of coconut whatsoever. Again, disappointing.

Second time here was with a group of friends, we dined in the upstairs room where we had the space to ourselves. The decor is lacking, this is not exactly meant to be a fancy joint, but they didn't even have real cups....we drank our wine out of what looked like Fisher Price shot glasses. I wanted to give SS the benefit of the doubt with the spring rolls and so I ordered them again, this time with the shrimp. There was so little shrimp in the roll that it was like they took one and shaved it into thirds for my rolls...again, it was missing half of the fresh ingredients and instead was full of rice noodle. This time I opted for a vermicelli bowl because you can't really mess it up. I'm glad that I did because it seemed to have all of the accouterments and was a decent size for the light price tag. 

I'm sure that I will order again out of sheer convenience, but it will take a few more orders to get to a point where I can find the right mix of menu items that will yield a 5-star review from me. I already know what not to order.
I was super stoked to see this place as a new option for lunch while at work.  Maybe I came on an "off day" , but my food was nothing impressive, at all.  The beef vermicelli was bland, overcooked and flavorless. I drowned it in fish sauce and it was still bland. Seriously, if I was blindfolded, I wouldn't have known what I was eating.   I got a side of Asian slaw, it was about an ounce of shredded cabbage and came with some type of pork rinds or something.  Yes, it was $2.50, but I wouldn't have paid .25 cents for it.  The highlight was the summer rolls.  They were fresh, nicely portioned.  

I may gave this a try again, but Thang Long or Thanh Thanh, blow this place off the map.
I have definitely walked past Street Side a few times and never really paid attention to what it was until recently. I was craving some Vietnamese food but didn't want to drive down to Washington Ave, got on Yelp and Street Side popped up within walking distance so off I went! Got some assorted appetizers including the beef kabobs, the edamame, and the slaw. All awesome, from there I went with the beef vermicelli and the shrimp bahn mi. Everything just hit the spot and was cheap and I just wish they delivered up the street to my apartment but I guess it's a short enough walk that I can walk down and do carry out. So psyched to have Street Side in the neighborhood, keep up the good work!
Casual and cute little place. My friend and I stopped by for lunch and we both had a banh mi sandwich. We wanted beef but they only had pork belly, which was disappointing. But the food was good and the prices are low. For the price of the food, I was definitely not disappointed. Great little neighborhood spot. Will be back to try the pho.
This is probably one of my favorite places to go to and is really inexpensive and the food packs a punch of flavor!  The decor is very modern and cute and is really welcoming, the lady in the front was so kind and since it was my first time in she allowed me to use my Debit card even under $10. 

The only downside is I didn't know of it sooner!!! I didn't even realize it was a Vietnamese Resturant until I looked up places up on yelp, and the hours are a little odd they close up at 3 Pm and Open back up at 5 Pm.

Definitely Try the Pork Belly Rice Rolls the sauce they come with is Devine! The Mushroom Pho is really good as well especially for the price.
Amazing little Vietnamese spot on Girard Avenue with great food, extremely pleasant service, and a nice ambiance.

I've been meaning to try this place and glad I finally got a chance to go with a couple of friends.  It's not hard to miss, as there are lantern lights strung out in front, giving it a warm, inviting welcome.

They're only open for lunch and dinner, so make sure to check the times before you head over there...also BYOB which is nice.  However, if you skip the alcohol, you have to get their iced Viet drip coffee - it's so good!

Although a small menu, there's something for everyone in a variety of different dishes.  Fortunately there are a fair amount of vegetarian options, and I ended up getting almost all of them.  They have a few different types of tangy, salty, spicy sauces to choose from in addition to soy sauce.  Their hot chili oil is super tasty.

Veggie Net Roll - so good and a must get...not what I was expecting, as it was veggies that were compact together and fried.  Much more heartier texture than a spring roll and without a breading/casing on it.

Smashed Cucumber - small cucumber slices in a tangy soy sauce that was also very good

House Pickle - these were OK and mixed with other veggies...not too much flavor

Tofu Rice Paper Roll - imagine a fresh spring roll meets a lettuce wrap - that's essentially what this was.  You could taste the freshness as you bit into the crisp veggies.

Banh Mi (Tofu) - one of the best Banh Mi I have ever had...the bread was crispy, but not chewy...it was actually pretty soft when you bit into it, and fluffy inside.  There was a good amount of tofu and veggies inside - could've had a bit more to make it more filling.  Add some hot sauce on it, and it's great.

Definitely a spot I'll be coming back to often.
We stopped in here on Sunday for lunch about an hour before they closed to check it out. It is very quaint and comfortable and has only about 10 tables. The lady serving us was very nice and prompt in taking our order. We ordered pork dumplings, boyfriend got a pork belly bahn mi and I got the vermicelli bowl with lemongrass chicken. The dumplings were very good- loved the sauce and the dough. The vermicelli bowl was good for the price. It was very fresh and had a lot of chicken in it. The bahn mi however could have used more meat. But for the price it is understandable. It eas a good lunch for under $20. I would definitely return!
Within walking distance, there's atleast 3 pho places within walking distance from my apartment and I think out of all of them, Streetside takes the cake as my top spot. Service is always prompt and efficient and the ambiance is very creative. 

The best part about the pho is the broth; it's rich tasting, yet light and not overly salty. The broth to noodles ratio is also right on point. Another favorite item of mine I like to get for a starter are the steamed dumplings. They're small in size, but just the right amount of food for a starter without spoiling your appetite. 

Also if you're into coffee, the Vietnamese coffee is out of this world! I go out of my way just to order it from here. That's definitely worth the stop in here alone.
Exactly what I wanted from my experience here! Quick service, good portions, and light, fresh dishes. Avoided the pork belly because of mixed reviews, and I'm so glad I tried the chicken and shrimp! Bahn mi tasted great with some added sriracha and hoisin, while the lettuce bowl and light sauce were a perfect fit with everything else. 

The menu is a great size to try a few things while still leaving something for next time. Can't wait to be back! Seats are tiny but surprisingly not uncomfortable, and they even have an upstairs area.
Decided to get take out from this little service window spot and it was awesome! I definitely would stop by for food and even drinks! The banh mi fries were delicious. I like the sauce so much! The banh mi was a nice twist with the coconut shrimp. The rice paper rolls were delicious with the peanut sauce. The drinks were really good! I had the joyride and sun worshipper.
What a great little gem!
Had beef combo pho and it was quick and tasty with some sriracha stirred in! 
Good meat portion although I found noodle portion to be slightly lacking. 

I liked the quirky, stripped down yet youthful vibe inside. Server was courteous and gave adequate service as well. 

Might be my go-to lunch spot from now on when I'm in philly for business!
Work ordered us lunch today and I opted for the tofu Bahn mi which is my favorite from Fuh Wah(in west philly check it out). The hoagie was a lot bigger than I anticipated which was great since I was having a late lunch. The tofu was cooked EXACTLY how I would want it to be for this type of hoagie. 

My only complaints would be I would like a little more tofu for the tofu to veggie ratio. And there was absolutely no spice. Add some Sriracha and jalapeños to this hoagie and it would be GOLDEN. 

Will definitely eat from here again.
This was my first time going here, good food for a cheap price. I almost walked past the place because the lights were so dim. I walked into the small sit down restaurant for takeout and was greeted by the friendly cashier. I had the Lemongrass Chicken Banh Mi and Shrimp Crispy Parcel. I'll definitely be back for dinner, along with a bottle of wine. Very small but very nice restaurant- I came around 7:30pm and it was a little over half full. The wait for takeout was very short- I was told 15-20 mins and I probably waited 10-15.
Yes!  I'd do it again.  Super small, NOT ideal for families or groups.  Perfect for a date.  Portions are small, the prices are right and the food is on point.  Sold.
I've been living in this area for a couple of months and this is my favorite place to grab a quick bite. The food is very affordable, since you can get a bahn mi for $5.50, but that sandwich is also large and delicious. The pho is good, dumplings good, vermicelli good, all good! The only thing I'm not a fan of is the paper wraps, I don't like the texture much but I think that's a personal preference of mine. 

The only reason I'm giving it four instead of five is because sometimes the food takes a while, even if there's no crowd. Definitely go though, they're fantastic!

Also, $10 credit card minimum, plan accordingly
Price, quality and the convenience of the location make this my go to place for pho in Northern Liberties.
If you are looking for clean, tasty, healthy food please try street side. Amazing clean pho and vermicelli!
I think this is my new favorite place! The food was so good... Served on small plates we ordered one of everything and shared. I was very impressed, even the dessert was fantastic small sugar donuts and pudding with toasted coconut.
It's been six months since I reviewed Street Side and I still love it. I'm obviously a regular there which says a lot about the food. I can sit down and eat quickly, eat slow or take it to go. Service is always top notch even when they're busy, especially considering it's not exactly the Four Seasons, which makes me love it even more. 

I've since tried the vermicelli, banh mi and pho. I love all of it but the banh mi is my favorite. The bread is always crispy (I think they said they buy it fresh from a bakery every morning, can't recall which one) and the meat is delicious. That being said, the beef and chicken are probably my two favorite banh mi's.
Definite win! Very delicious, cheap, and a bunch of goofballs with their naming. 

We came last night and shared a bunch of goodness. Grandma's dumplings, veggie net(nest maybe?) roll, and rice paper wraps were all fantastic. Vermicelli bowls and pho were great. They didn't blow us out of the water like the tasty apps and that extra happy endings of donuts did, but well worth it. 

It's interesting to be in a house turned into a restuarant with plastic everything, but adds to the goofy awesome vibe. We'll definitely be back soon! Service was good and quick and byo....duh you need to go here.
A great and much needed addition to the neighborhood. Super friendly service, BYO, and decent prices, also the food is very good and served fresh. I love the small plate idea with Vietnamese food, surprised no one thought of it sooner. I'm happy to see low carb options like lettuce bowls instead of vermicelli. The vide inside is casual and is meant to feel like a street side restaurant in Vietnam complete with small chairs and simple but practical condiments on the table. Perfect for a light lunch that won't weigh you down or give you that MSG feeling since they don't use any.
Street Side is one of my go-to places to eat. BYOB (and across the street from fine wine & spirits), great service, awesome food. I think I ended up eating here 3 times in one week. Very accommodating for vegans, the mushroom dumplings, veggie net rolls, and tofu noodle bowl are my faves. You can even call and reserve the upstairs room for large parties or birthdays.
I ate here last week with a friend who took me before heading to the PRFM- we both had not been before but he saw it on a run and wanted to try.
I like how the menu is simple and interchangeable.
The chili salt and sauce are awesome.
I had the edamame with said Viet Crack (chili salt) as well as the vermicelli bowl with tofu (they accommodated my vegan-self by omitting the fish sauce)
The inside is tiny but a lot of space to walk because I think there were only 4 tables.  Quiet and dark but not too quiet and dark.  Hard to explain so check it out yourself!
Also, byob.
Love this place. While you might find other places where the food has more flair, and subtle flavors, everything here is solid and fresh, and you can't beat the prices, at least a couple dollars less if not more than you'd find at other places for the same food. The Banh Mi are good, as is the Pho. They also have a good coconut custard style desert that's worth trying.
On a scale of 0-5 (worst - awesome)

Food: 4
Ambiance: 5
Drink: N/A although BYOB
Service: 5

We tried 7 or 8 different dishes and would order the cracked pepper edamame, vermicelli noodle bowl, and baked mussels (spicy) again. Dumplings, rolls, and slaw were forgettable. Looking forward to trying the coffee and donuts next time. 

UPDATE:

So I eat here all the time now. It's fairly priced. The banh mis are from tastytown.
I wish I could review the food, unfortunately I never got my order. 
Placed a take out order by phone and was told to pick up in 15-20 minutes. I arrived 20 minutes later and paid, then proceeded to wait...and wait. 
While I waited other customers were seated and began receiving food. Also while I waited I witnessed a customer walk out after being ignored by the cashier who was too busy taking phone orders. 40+ minutes after placing my order, I questioned the length of my wait, the cashier told me "There's nothing I can do about it". I then asked for an ETA on my order and was told that they would start making it and it would be a rush order. At this point I asked for a refund as it seemed like they were just starting it 45 minutes later. While I was getting my money back I saw other ignored customers walk out. There seems to be a big issue with the service.
 I was looking forward to trying the food based on other reviews but could not bear to watch other people continue to be served while my order, which had already been paid for, hadn't even been started. Disappointing.
Excellent recreation of Vietnamese street food with a fancified twist. It makes me feel like I am back in Saigon, but without the fumes from the motorbikes. Have not yet tried the pho but the banh mi is excellent. If you want to try tons of different flavors without breaking the bank, give them a try.
Incredible spot. Great food and atmosphere. Wish we found it sooner! Ordered the several different bahn mi and dumplings. Perfect...and unbelievably affordable!
Don't come here if you are allergic to peanuts.  No matter how many times I expressed that we had peanut allergies.  They still put peanuts on one of our orders.  Wait time was over 30 minutes.
As many in the neighborhood we were excited to have a vietnamese/pho serving establishment with delivery options nearby.  After two orders separated by a few months I agree with the some that the quality of food is average compared to much of what is available in South Philadelphia off Washington Ave and some of the Chinatown Vietnamese establishments. The price may seem great but the quantity of food seems to match the pricing, requiring you to order a a few more items than you'd like. 

About the food, first the Pho we ordered seemed bland and the meat not fresh (plus it was cooked, compared to many other places where it is chilled and raw for you to place in your meal). 

Vermicelli meals were small and the ingredients also seemed a bit overcooked and flavors bland.

The highlight of the menu seems to be the spring rolls  and dumplings.  They were flavorful and tasty. They are cheap but only come with 3-5 items and are smaller in size than other places.
StreetSide is awesome for a few reasons. Casual BYOB makes it great for date night or a friends night out. Their tapas style food is delicious and everything is home made (I think).

I'm a big fan of their pork and chive dumplings. I get it every time I'm there because it's hard to find fresh quality hand wrapped dumplings anywhere.

I'm also a big fan of their wraps. In Vietnamese food terms, it's their summer rolls. The we wrap, they do it for you and the you wrap, you can do it yourself. Maybe it's their peanut sauce that they serve with it but it's delicious. I'm a huge sucker for peanut sauce.

Their service is friendly and everything you could ask for. Overall, an awesome place.

Points for: hand wrapped dumplings (taste homemade), peanut sauce, summer rolls, service, BYOB
No negatives.
Lunch prices for dinner portions make this place a necessity for Pho lovers and Banh Mi enthusiasts. The brisket and beef Pho isn't salty and allows the ingredients to present themselves. The tofu Banh Mi has a stellar crunch and is most definitely filling. 12 bucks for both was a steal. I'll definitely be back and I raved heavily about this BYOB establishment. Side note, there's a liquor store across Girard if you want to grab an adult beverage.
I love the food here! Not like I've been every place they have them in the city, but definitely be the best Pho and Bahn Mi I've had in Philly.
Definitely a hidden gem on girard. Get the beef bahn mi, you'll thank me later. Freaking amazing
I'm so happy this place opened down the street from us. The food is fresh, tasty and MSG-free! I usually get the Pho and the Coconut Shrimp Bahn Mi. So far everything we've had is wonderful!
Very nice service (I ordered carry out and the lady offered me water while I was waiting).   I ordered the lemongrass chicken and pork belly sub, which are good but not what I had expected.  Perhaps it's regional different but the pickled veggies usually include daikon which they didn't have.  The pork belly is literally sliced boiled pork belly meat which is tasty but definitely doesn't have the other stuff usually associated with a classic Vietnamese sub (for some reason I assumed that the pork belly was the classic cold cut).  The lemongrass has large amount of meat but was not as flavorful as I had hoped for.  I may come back to try other food but the sub didn't hit my cravings spot.
I really wanted to like this restaurant, and I tried my best. But at best, the meal was forgettable. The dumplings were delicious. The pho was nothing to write home about. The $15 you wrap your own
 platter was a joke! 
Asked for hot tea, that cost $2.50. Will not be going back anytime soon....
A very nice place! Great customer service and good prices for the bahn mi.
I ordered through grubhub for the first time last night because I wasn't happy with the options on uber eats. My grubhub experience wasn't great, but the level of customer service I got from the restaurant was INCREDIBLE. They made sure to call me and keep me updated even though the grubhub issues were not their fault. The food was great. Not gourmet or anything, but much better than I ever expected for the price. They even sent me a complimentary order of pork dumplings because I had to wait! I never would have ordered them on my own, but they were so good!
Excellent, excellent,excellent pho. You get a massive flavorful bowl for a great price!
Finally, a fresh, truly authentic, pho joint. Definitely the best pho I've had in North Philly. The spring rolls were perfect, and the beef broth was to die for.  Delivery was super fast. This will definitely be my go to spot from now on!
This place is a five in regards to food. If you're looking for good quality Vietnamese food, this place won't let you down!! I got the shrimp and garlic dumplings and the beef and brisket Pho - Both were absolutely delicious. I can tell the dishes were homemade. For dessert, I got the pineapple sorbet and it was so yummy!! I can't wait to come back to try the coconut sorbet. The space is a little tight and the seating is a bit uncomfortable. They have mini stools as seats so I had to keep adjusting myself. Other than that, great spot!
Love this place! Maybe it's because it's down the street from our house or maybe it's because the first time we went there I exploded a bottle of champagne all over and they only laughed at me a little bit, but the food is great and the staff is super friendly.
Best Vietnamese in the city. Literally everything on the menu is delicious, but of course the banh mi is the main attraction. Very reasonable prices, friendly people, and convenient location (right of the Girard stop on the MFL, Indego bike rack nearby, on the trolley route, etc.).
Love he Bahn mi. It is on the small side and light on protein, but price reflects the size and it is a fair price for the flavor and quality.
The pho was very tasty, however I wish there was more meat inside of it. There was literally only 3 pieces of beef within the bowl, which was very disappointing. Based on the prior reviews it seems as if this is something that others have experienced. If your interested in just enjoying some tasty broth then this place has what your looking for.
Truly enjoyed our quick lunch at Street Side today.   Terrific fresh tasty food.  Friendly service and great value.  Will definitely be back.
The food  was absolutely fantastic.
Outstanding service outstanding quality
Beautiful staff
Highly recommend, will come again
This place is definitely traditional Vietnamese food
On a scale of 0-5 (worst - awesome)

Food: 3
Ambiance: 5
Drink: N/A although BYOB
Service: 5

We tried 7 or 8 different dishes and would order the cracked pepper edamame, vermicelli noodle bowl, and baked mussels (spicy) again. Dumplings, rolls, and slaw were forgettable. Looking forward to trying the coffee and donuts next time. Very cheap however so maybe you get what you pay for :)
I Love pho!  Streetside is always quick I always order pho with steak on the side and  chicken Vietnamese hoagie. The desert is good but way too small. Cute place on a rainy day.
So unbelievably good! Hands down, my favorite casual spot in Philly. I'm on a strict diet and their menu is very accommodating - they have tons of gluten free and vegan options. Great inexpensive food and the service is impeccable!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in the area! The food is delicious and very affordable. I highly recommend the house slaw and the veggie pho but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I have a soy allergy and they are always so thorough and accommodating. For anyone else who's soy allergic- there are many options here! The decor is quirky and adorable, the staff is great, and it's BYO!
came on a weeknight with my boyfriend for some pho and had a pleasant time! there was no one else dining in but a lot of people came through to pick up their orders.

we started with the summer rolls and dumplings which were OK. i think the summer roll's pork belly could use more flavor and i wasn't the biggest fan of the texture. the dumplings were steamed but had good flavors.

the pho was OK. the broth could be better; more meat for sure. but for the price it was decent. i think if you're in the area and you're looking for some casual pho this is the place
It's not the best banh mi in philly (shout out fu wah)--BUT-- it's probably my favorite in our neighborhood and an amazing deal for the price. Walk in here with $6 and you're set. There's a lot of great banh mi spots in philly and Street Side is definitely worth keeping in the rotation.
Stopped by for dinner on a weekday!!! Such a cute place with the cutest serving plates and glass. Its a small place with ~10 tables. Good for 2-4 people. 
The menu has variety of dumplings, spring rolls, banh mi, noodles and pho. I tried mushroom dumplings, spicy tofu banh m, house made pineapple juice, veggie with tofu rice paper roll. Everything was really good and on an avg ~4-5$. Very reasonable and sufficient portion. 
Its byob as well!!
This review is for take out food only, I can't speak to the service.

Good prices, very decent if not super special food. The tofu bahn mi is tasty and a pretty generous size.

I'm glad to have this spot nearby - it's better than a trip to Washington Ave!
In a world of #shortcuts, I cannot tell you how excited I am to stumble upon this adorable Vietnamese Cafe @streetsideshop where everything about this spot is humble, simple and delicious! kudos to the chefs behind this simple, street food centered menu on all things Vietnam. #NOMSG #chickenbahnmi #chickenpho #summerrolls #yum #vietnamesecuisine #thatbreadthough
I hate to do this, because I really wanted to like it here, but this just did not work out. I ordered the grand moms dumplings and the lemongrass vermicelli noodles and as I was leaving, the girl at the counter asked if I wanted sauce. I saw hoisin, soy, and other sauces on the tables and saw plastic containers full of sauce behind the counter, so I said sure. Well, I get back to my office to find that not only did she not put sauce in the bag, but the broth for the vermicelli was in a side container so small that it didn't even soak 1/18th of the takeout bowl. It was very very dry and I really wish she would have given me the sauce as I desired. I had to use the leftover dumpling sauce to make it edible. 

The food itself was mediocre at best, with the vermicelli as a small portion and had little fillings. The meat was good, though. The dumplings were dumplings. Nothing remarkable. 

Just as an FYI, though, they charge $0.50 extra for takeout orders. I guess to offset the cost of the containers, I'm not sure. Anyways, I won't be back.
Good option if I'm lazy and want pho or a tofu banh mi. You get less for your money than at your typical pho restaurant but in this neighborhood it's expected. The quality isn't bad and definitely hits the spot when needed.!
The food is pretty good, but the guy answering the phone sucks. He hates his job no doubt. He's not friendly and has gotten my order wrong a couple times now.
Super cute little spot. It's not the best pho I have ever tasted. But it's pretty damn good. And you can't beat the price. Probably the best price for pho I ever seen. Great for take out too.
I've been ordering take out quite often. The pho is great and affordable. I've also tried the Bahn mi and rolls. Love it all.
Don't pass up this hole in the wall on Girard! It's easy to miss if you're driving by, but if you happen to see it give it a try. 

Their Chicken Bahn Mi is substantial and super tasty. I ate half for dinner and ate the other half the next day. Bread and filling ratio is perfect! 
Also tried the Bahn Mi Fries and it was cleverly executed! Most times when you get loaded fries, the fries get soggy and not that appealing. These fries were either double fried or fried for a little bit longer so they could hold up to the toppings. They're addictive and crispy!
I love street side for their vegan/vegetarian options. The tofu banh mi, mushroom pho, and tofu wraps are all great and for a great price.
Yummy! It's hard to find- had to circle around a couple of times. Aye. But the donuts & banh mi were delicious. I had pork belly, someone else had chicken & coconut shrimp. All were gobbled quickly.    The smashed cucumbers were- meh. The flavor wasn't balanced. The edamame with the alleged "viet crack"- hardly had any on it & it doesn't stick to the edamame, so, that was also - meh. I've been twice already, will definitely be back!
A bit disappointed by the local restaurant. I had hopes and brought out my housemate to check this place out. I love finding local gems and supporting it.
My housemates got banh mi and I got pho. I switched my order to pho last minute because it was cold outside. Unfortunate mistake. It was just ok. small portions and not memorable. We had other orders and nothing was really memorable.

Thankfully, I've seen others come by to order or pickup while we were there so glad they still have lot of customers and so maybe it was just us that wasn't quite satisfied.

Unfortunately, I'm sure not sure if we'll be back. Hoping best for this little hole in the wall.
Authentic Vietnamese! I always get the shrimp vermicelli. This place is great for when you're on the go, it's quick and delicious.
