didn't miss the meat at all... 
scallion pancake was super-fried and a little harder than I enjoy. flavorful but a but greasy. 
general tso's tofu wasn't as spicy as I expected, but overall not bad. the texture of the tofu was nice, and didn't leave me wishing I'd had chicken instead. the sauce had a lot of whole peppers in it, so pay attention when you eat to avoid a mouthful of fire! 
vegetable my shu was flavorful and has a good mix of veg. I've typically had mu shu served with the pancakes on the side so I could assemble myself.... here they do it table-side for you. one order = 4 chinese burritos. noms. 
the price point is super reasonable, and this place is a nice alternative for vegetarians and those who keep kosher... and the meat-eaters won't have anything to complain about.
I went to Su Xing House by accident (I had confused it with another place), but it turned out to be a great mistake---this is a wonderful spot in central Philadelphia.

For appetizers we got the steamed vegetable dumplings ($6.25) which were fresh and nicely done; they tasted home-made and not just reheated from frozen. The steamed vegetable bun ($5.75) was also great with a pillowy-soft rice/wheat shell and savory innards.

For mains, we loved the kale and dried tofu with spicy red pepper ($13.50), which is a colorful, light, fresh and addictive stir-fry.

The crispy tofu and dried bamboo shoot ($17) was deeply savory with a nice array of textures, from the crunchy bamboo to the crisp-then-soft tofu.

The service is friendly and attentive.

Pro-tip: skip the "popular dishes" like the General Tso's Seitan and Sesame Seitan. If you go with basic dishes like those, you will not be impressed; try something new. 

Su Xing offers variety and has unusual creativity with custom dishes you won't see elsewhere. The chef has a deft touch and great vision. I'll be back the next time I'm in Philadelphia.
Su Xing is my favorite lunch spot in center city, and a contender for my favorite Chinese vegetarian restaurant in Philly (yes, there are actually quite a few -- ah, the modern luxury of choice.)

For $6 or $7 at lunch, you get:
*your choice of approximately twenty entrees (I am drawn to the seitan options, myself)
*choice of soup (love the hot and sour)
*choice of side (options include spring roll, seaweed, corn, and a bunch of other stuff)
*abundant brown rice, and 
*endless refills of jasmine tea (which tastes like perfume to me, but lots of people love it).  

The amount of food for the price is, frankly, ridiculous.  And then, if that wasn't good enough, Su Xing is actually pretty attractive inside with lots of dark wood...and since they knocked down a wall and opened up the dining room, there's plenty of seating too.  Oh, and the staff is friendly.  Really, what more could you ask for?
I'm giving this update on my previous experience 5 stars.  The service was quick and snappy.  The food came out quickly and was executed very well.  When I finished I was completely full, but I wasn't weighed down at all.  

I walked in around 12:45p and asked for the lunch special #1 (the "As You Wish") to go.  The woman at the front counter was courteous and completed my transaction quickly.  She immediately placed the order, and I received my food in a matter of minutes.  The food was delicate, well flavored and delicious.  My biggest issues in the first review dealt with the saltiness of the food and the slowness of the service.  Those two things were remedied during this visit, so 5-Stars is a must.  

Bottom line: This is definitely a lunch spot that I will frequent.  Let me know if you're going to be there-- I'll congratulate you on making a great choice.
returning from a trip to china, i'm surprised by how many vegetarian chinese restaurants there are in america. it was impossible to be be vegetarian in china. "just eat!" they told me. 

i'm a sucker for general tso's "chicken". i admit it. this is the best i've found in philly. maybe the best anywhere, but that's a bold statement and i'm kind of a timid dude. (not really)

the other dish i highly recommend is the sesame garlic noodles. not quite the jing jing dan dan noodles of palo alto, but good enough to coat my esophagus. 

no 5th star because service is often slow, but again, compared to restaurants in china, this place is on the ball.

don't get me wrong, i love china and the chinese people were wonderful, but without tipping, what do they have to work for? certainly not high wages!
UGH Why did I not give Su Xing five stars to begin with? This is a five star establishment. Su Xing is a great place to sit and eat lunch, even if (especially if?) you're ALONE. It's quiet and comfortable and you're never the only one. The lunch special is quite possibly the best lunch special in the neighborhood based on value and volume of food received. The hot & sour soup is addicting and the giant plate of food is rich and hearty and the best. You can be in and out in less than 35 minutes. It rules.
This five star review is based on the flipping sweet lunch specials they have during the week. I was able to gorge myself on veggie General Tso's Chicken, brown rice, a mushroom appetizer, and a huge cup of miso soup. and this veggietacular feast cost just under $8! can you get any better?

I'm also pretty happy to find an awesome Veggie Chinese spot that's outside of Chinatown. It also hooks up a good assortment of bubble and fruit teas and does BYOB! Zang!
I fell in love with this place when I worked down the street and could spend a relaxing, hour long lunch break with my $6 lunch special.  Seriously, my dessert island, all time favorite meal might just be hot and sour soup, a veggie spring roll, and general tso's tofu.  

On top of the excellent food and prices, the place is a legitimately nice restaurant.  The decor, staff, and atmosphere are all great.  It's probably best that I don't work nearby anymore, because I might ruin it for myself.  It's such a delightful treat whenever I'm in Rittenhouse.
I can believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I love it and crave it often. They have the best lunch special deal. Under $9 for soup, entree with rice and a side! I'm obsessed with their sesame tofu which is weird because I'm not usually a tofu person (which is terrible as a vegetarian) but it's so good here. My friend always gets the seitan dishes and those are amazing if you like the mock meat texture. I would recommended to even non vegetarians!
I'm not a vegetarian, but I'm day-dreaming about coming back. 

This is such a cute, unassuming little place in Rittenhouse, and if you blink, you'd miss it.  However, I'm so glad my friend dragged me in here. We came in around 6:30p on a Thursday night, and there were maybe 5 other tables of patrons. The atmosphere is very calm and cozy, and if you're lucky, you can snag a window seat on the second floor overlooking the street, making for great people watching.

We stuck with water and the complimentary tea to drink (and our glasses were never full), but as we were walking out to pay, I noticed a staff member carrying a large, delicious-looking bubble tea to another patron, and was instantly jealous. I'm keen to come back just for that, because I've yet to find decent bubble tea place in or around center city.

My friend and I shared an order of curry potatoes and cauliflower, and the sesame cold noodles. The sesame cold noodles can be found on the appetizer list, and OMG. I could drink the peanut sauce they're saturated it. It's like a sweet-salty peanut buttery sauce, and I would come back JUST for those noodles. The yellow curry veggies were satiating, and easily fed both of us (with leftovers to take home, too!)

I was a big fan of the mellow atmosphere and kind service. I'll definitely be back.
this place does have fantastic lunch specials, i get the general tso's veg, miso soup, spring roll and a side of rice for under ten bucks.  the waitstaff is really friendly and they're wonderfully manical with the tea-filling (great jasmine tea too by the way), i never have an empty cup.  plus their veggies are always fresh and they give great portions.

one thing i do want to note, if you're getting takeout, you'll definitely have to wait at least twenty minutes (especially if you're getting mock), so be prepared to wait a bit...i'm always staring at that horse painting on the wall with the little lite-brite bulbs in it...semi-fascinating.
S-L-O-W on the service, and the bubble tea is seriously watery and lacking in foamy goodness. The portions for lunch were decent just everything is over sauced to death. If you order anything just request the bottle of sauce on the side.
I will never go here again, or ever recommend this place to anyone. 

The short:
- Extremely rude waitresses
- Food was nothing to write home about
- Pressured to eat quickly because they closed at 11, we got there at 8:30.
- EYELASH IN ONE OF THE DISHES

The long:
I went here for a birthday dinner for someone that is on a Vegan diet.  I'm not vegan, or anywhere close, so I was worried about finding a dish I'd like.  She had reservations for 8:30 for 8, but two of our party were stuck in traffic and got there an hour late.  The rest of us started with appetizers and drinks while we waited.  Our waitress came in (at 9:30) to tell us that we should order because the restaurant closes at 11.  We wanted to wait for the last two people before ordering entrees, and told her.  They walked in 10 minutes later, and our waitress came in 2 minutes later to ask us if we were ready to order.  THEY JUST GOT HERE.   We told her no, we'd need a few minutes.  She asked if the rest of us wanted to order, and we said NO WE NEED A FEW MINUTES.  She came back in 5, and we still weren't ready.  Everyone else at the table was unfamiliar with a vegan/vegetarian diet, and we were all trying to decide what to order.  GIVE US A MINUTE.  She came back in another 5, and we were like fine, fine, we'll order.  THIS WOMAN STARTS SAYING "NEXT!" (LOUDLY) AFTER EACH PERSON SAID WHAT THEY WANTED.  Is this McDonald's???  What kind of restaurant says NEXT to patrons??  I was COMPLETELY annoyed by this time, and if it hadn't been for a birthday dinner, I would have left.  Whatever.  We get our food, and I wasn't impressed.  The best items were the General Tso's Veg (meat-like texture), the spring rolls, dumplings, and sesame noodles.  The dinner items were nothing I'd order again.  AND THERE WAS AN EYELASH IN ONE OF THE DISHES.  So fine.  When we were done eating (at 10:30 incidentally), the waitress comes out with the check.  We give it back to her with the card, she comes back.  As we're standing up and leaving, she ASKS THE CARDHOLDER IF HE SIGNED THE CHECK!!!  

So rude.  I will never go back.
Today was my first time at Su Xing, and it definitely will not be my last. When I entered the restaurant, I found it to be a little dark and not very atmospheric; however, my mind was completely changed when I was led by the waitress into the back dining room. It was beautiful, with tasteful decor and furnishings. The large windows on either side of the room provided a generous amount of warm light, which complemented the marigold-colored (hooray for Crayola!) walls beautifully. 

I was seated in a comfortable booth by the front window and was immediately served hot green tea, ice-cold water, and a menu. I read through the menu while I waited for my friend and found a plethora of lunch specials on the back. When my friend arrived, we ordered (it's his favorite vegetarian Chinese restaurant, so he was very clear about what he was going to order). I got the Home-Style Bean Curd Lunch Special, which came with choice of white or brown rice, soup, and side... a ton of food for $6.95! I chose brown rice, hot and sour soup, and a spring roll. My friend ordered the Sesame Tofu with the same sides. 

Our soup was delivered a few minutes later, and it was the best Hot and Sour soup I've had yet. I'm not usually a fan of Hot and Sour, but since my boyfriend loves it I decided to give it another try. It was thick, spicy, and flavorful. Really yummy. About seven minutes after that, we got our meals. I bit into the spring roll, which was served with delicious duck sauce (my favorite), and it was like a taste of heaven. It was crispy, without the usual grease that you get at most Chinese places, and amazingly delicious. I might even go as far as to say it was the best spring roll I've had in years. My entree, though not as spicy as I usually like, was very tasty. The large pieces of bean curd were served with sauteed carrots, snow peas, and squash in a brown gravy. Although I enjoyed my meal, I tried some of my friend's and wished that I ordered that. It was easily the best tofu I've ever had. It was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. I was jealous.

The food was delicious, but probably the best part of the meal was when we got the check... less than $15 for two of us. And we left stuffed. I would highly recommend this place before any of the other veggie restaurants in Chinatown.
Get a new server. 

I noticed that a recent review mentioned something about race and I wouldn't be shocked if the server does not want to serve African Americans. 

My boyfriend and I frequently order from this restaurant for takeout, and my first dine-in experience here was great. However, there was a younger male host who was very pleasant the first time I dined in which I think influenced the middle-aged female servers attitude that night because she acted accordingly and received a tip for her service. 

My boyfriend dined in by himself and the server ignored his request for extra sauce but since the food is so great he decided to stay. I decided to visit with him again and the servers attitude was disgusting on entry. She flopped the teacups on to the table with no regard for my daughter in the stroller. If she would've spilled hot tea on my child, I would have called the cops and this restaurant would be facing a lawsuit. At that point, I should've left but I stayed and got my food. I asked for extra sauce and watched this woman walk in and out of the kitchen 3 times avoiding eye contact with our table. If the sauce is an extra fee that's fine we'll  pay or if you can't honor that request just say so. Don't ignore us like children who will forget what we asked for. Anyway, her disposition to the two white men who walked in after us was blatantly different. My aunt got up from the seat to ask the host where our extra sauce was and that's when the server finally approached our table asking if everything was okay. Now all of a sudden we exist again?  Her reply to the sauce request was that the kitchen was busy... there were a total of 5 people in the restaurant 3 being apart of my party. 

We got up and walked out, I didn't even get to touch my food but I'd rather not patronize a business that can not provide the same service to ALL customers. So, not only did she make the restaurant lose out on regular customers she also had the kitchen waste two meals worth $30-$35 all over a little extra sauce. 

Congratulations!
Maybe it's the forever-smiling staff or the gargantuan painting of wading horses on the wall, but Su Xing House is really special.

Please do yourself a favor and try the fried rice cake appetizer.  I have daydreams about its sticky sweetness.  The menu here is pretty huge, and  usually I find that to be a bit daunting, but everything I've sampled is amazing.  Whether you're into tofu, fresh vegetables or seitan, Su Xing will definitely have something for you.
Why have not I not reviewed Su Xing House yet? Let me begin by saying that New Harmony holds a special place in my heart as my #1 vegetarian restaurant in town. But. It's not conveniently located 2 blocks from my office at lunchtime like Su Xing.

I love their lunch specials. As previously stated by other reviewers, for $7 to $8 (plus tax), you get a bunch of food that, if portioned wisely, can also be a nice little dinner. 

I typically get the General Tso's Tofu, although I have tried the General Tso's Vegetarian and the Sesame Tofu and found they all tasted pretty similar. Maybe one day I'll branch out - I'm interested in trying the "As-You-Wish" lunch special. Along with a generous portion of your entree of choice (the General Tso's comes with the standard side of broccoli), rice, and a soup and side of your choice. I have grown to love their miso soup, and could not deal with the hot & sour soup - it wasn't for me. I usually order a springroll for a side, it's pretty delicious. The other sides aren't very adventurous or intriguing, but for the price, I cannot and WILL NOT complain.

This is an excellent go-to spot in/near Rittenhouse for vegetarians. It's no New Harmony (but who is!), but I'll TAKE IT.
Racist establishment Did not want to service me because I'm a black man   Person at the counter left to run the store does not know what's going on in business very unattentive very disrespectful
Sort of weird. I was in San Francisco for a work meeting and spent time talking with a client who loves food and has lived all over. Taiwan, Montana, Idaho, California, Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts. He had fantastic restaurant recommendations pretty much everywhere but my interest was finally piqued when he arrived at Su Xing House.

I lived in Philly for 25+ years and ate my fair share of veggie and vegan cuisine including a lot of Chinese and Asian fusion. Not surprisingly, most of my time mangiaing was spent in Chinatown. And, for that very reason, I had missed out on Su Xing House, outside the friendly confines of 10th and Arch and mere blocks away from Govinda's, one of my favorite veggie spots.

At any rate, my client recommended Su Xing House and even went so far as to call to check their hours. As luck would have it, I was heading to Philly the next day. SFO to ATL, ATL to PHL, PHL to Su Xing House.

Admittedly, I was in a bit of a rush so I didn't get to explore the menu as much as I would have liked. What I can tell you, however, is that the seitan on a stick and Peking duck were both awesome. Will definitely check out some other dishes when I'm back in town.
I found this place by accident, and I must say. I was very pleased and satisfied. Some of the dishes are amazing, and among the best meat substitutions, It looks like a family owned business, and the service was fantastic. I love the complimentary jasmine green tea, and I didn't even ask for water. They just automatically bring it to you which is great. I ordered a faux chicken appetizer and the General Tso entree with brown rice. It was huge and super delish.  I found a new vegetarian place in Philly! Yey.
Very very good vegetarian Chinese. A good substitute to Cherry St. (which has closed ). Su Xing is a small restaurant with limited seating but a pretty nice ambiance as well. I ordered the General Tso's and let me tell you if I didn't know it wasn't chicken I would not have known, it was prepared great, and very fresh broccoli. I will go back.
RACIST. Just like Penangs. They treat Black people like crap. Every time I go, they remind me that it is vegetarian over and over again. My father has been a vegetarian for over 40 years. I know what  is vegetarian. The other day me and a friend went (my last time EVER) and the lady gave us burnt tofu. I have been eating tofu all my life. She claimed that we just wanted more food, when we all just tasted on piece each (only 3)  and agreed that it tasted burnt.  The waitor showed no respect, the manager showed no respect, and I have no respect for the establishment. If you are a person who belives in equality for all people regardless of race, you should really think twice about supporting this establishment.
Honestly, I don't say this a lot, but I've never had a bad meal here. I work nearby so I've been partaking in their lunch specials for the better part of 10 years. As a lifelong vegetarian I am overjoyed to have a place where I can choose ANYTHING on the menu. I usually dine in for lunch-The lunch specials are an entree, a side, a soup and a rice. Most are under $10 for all this! Crazy. 

They are QUICK, they will serve the 3 course lunch in under an hour-I've honestly never waited. I always think I'll go here and read but they are just too fast! I usually get through one paragraph before my soup arrives. Plus if you dine in you are served hot tea with your meal-a bonus you won't get with takeout. The servers are prompt and attentive (some can be a bit curt, but I usually don't mind this over the lunch hour.) 

I'm a big fan of the hot & sour soup, and everything I've ordered has been flavorful and delicious. The portions are perfectly sized and priced to make this an easy pick. (Hard to believe, but I spend more and wait longer at Honeygrow down the street for takeout stir fry- so I'd prefer to go here for a real meal on a real plate with sides and tea). 

The food is outstanding. Dozens of vegetarian and vegan options all over the spectrum. Never greasy or gummy (which can happen with seitan and other fake meats easily). The sauces are great, and the vegetables are cooked perfectly each time. The only minor complaint is that I ordered the scallion pancakes and they were a little oily and dense. I probably wouldn't order them again, but I still ate half of them-taste was good, just too heavy and greasy for my taste.

Lunch crowd is what you'd expect. Old friends catching up and quick business lunches for small groups or single diners like me. I think they have a Credit Card limit of $10, so beware of that before going in alone.
I've wanted to visit Su Xing House, a Chinese vegetarian restaurant, since it opened on Sansom street almost a year ago. Today was the first time I was nearby and hungry! The restaraunt itself is lovely with two tastefully decored floors (and one sparkly chandelier), both dimly light and quiet. The absence of jangly music was almost offputting in it rairity, but I enjoyed it. I ordered the slightly ominous sounding Triple Stredded in Garlic, a combination of crispy thinly sliced tofu, crispy vegetable protien, and straw mushrooms. I would have prefered a more flavorful mushroom, and it certainly didn't warrant the spicy chili indication it held on the menu. I did like the  addition of red pepper ribbons and fresh sprouts, the sauce that was both sweet and salty, and the great textures in the dish.

My friend Beth ordered the sweet and sour soy nuggets, deep fried, pillowy balls with red and green peppers, swimming in sweet and sour sauce. I didn't get a nibble, but she (omnivour that she is) thought it was tasty.

Su Xing has lovely service, and extensive menu based on traditional chinese vegetarian foods (rather than vegetarian orange "beef" etc.) and they offer brown rice - a plus with me. I'll be back to this dimly lit oasis in the middle of hectic downtown.
Su Xing House is an OUTSTANDING Chinese vegetarian restaurant near Rittenhouse Square.

Their rear dining room is elegantly decorated, paneled with Chinese prints, and amazingly handled my friends's party of ~18, but their dishes weren't the quickest to come out. For the smaller parties in the main dining room (including mine), our server brought our dishes with a minimum of hassle. I'm unsure she liked us since my friend and I kept asking her to repeat her name (it sounded like "siu mai").

Su Xing House's cooking is where they shine. Their hot and sour soup was a stand out, with a healthy kick. Get their vegetable lo mein! A friend ordered it spicy and so it had with a wonderful tang, with a perfectly even, noodlely texture. The broccoli with garlic sauce was as good as it sounds - heavenly. Speaking of heaven, we also shared the vegetarian heaven string beans, cooked until crispy, in a tasty sauce.

I will definitely return. If I lived close enough, I'd order takeout too. Recommended!
The price point per portion size here is riDONKulous. You get so much food, it's a sure bet you'll leave filled to the gills. I judge most Chinese joints by the merits of its hot n' sour soup, and unfortunately, I deem Su Xing's hot n' sour to be sub-par. However, the rest of the components here are SOLID. The menu can get a little confusing for those who aren't totally familiar with terms such as "glutinous", "soy nuggets", "puffed gluten", "puffed protein", etc., but these are just terms for veggie equivalents of meat that are referred to at most places as mock blah blah blah. But the menu is HUGE, the service is tight, and however you want your meal prepared will be how you get it. They're great. The only reason I'm not over the moon about Su Xing is because for some reason it doesn't feel like home to me. Not that it isn't a good atmosphere, it really is just a personal thing - I can't explain. But MAN, it is way way way about time that there's a totally vedge (and totally affordable) option in center city. When Su Xing came on the scene so many years ago, I was psyched, but to see it has become a staunch resident on Sansom Street fills me with hope for vegetarians and vegans everywhere.
Su Xing has won five stars from me. We're talking a vegetarian Chinese restaurant outside Chinatown, in the Rittenhouse area (also much more convenient subway-wise). It has good food, a lovely relaxing atmosphere, and good prices. Oh, and pretty sure they're BYO.

My favorite thing to get here is the sesame tofu - if you're considering General Tso's tofu, this is about the same thing plus some tasty sesame seeds.  In general, the portions are very generous, so you could probably share a dinner entree and eat an appetizer if you aren't very hungry.

A true gem here is the lunch special - a meal, plus a soup and starter (ex. spring roll, but you have choices!) puts you back about $10, and that's with tax and tip included. We're talking a sit down restaurant people! That's awesome!

This place is often my go-to when someone wants to "do lunch" - it's not expensive, the food is good, and the atmosphere is nice and calm, even during the busy weekday lunch rush. I've never had trouble getting a table, and the staff is great; they are very attentive at topping off your tea and bring the check without you having to look around stressin' about the end of your lunch break. Love these folks.
I think this review deserves 3.5.  Su Xing has been on my bookmark list for months, since its an all-vegetarian restaurant.  I came here for lunch with some co-workers, and it was really good.  Certainly better restaurants in the area, but they did a good job with what they have.  The inside was cute and decorated nicely, there's additional seating upstairs which is nice.  The waitresses are VERY attentive.  She filled up our hot green tea every 5 minutes.  We arrived during a busy lunch hour, but the kitchen did a great job getting the food out quickly.  We probably only waited 5 minutes before the soup came out, then another 10 for the meals.  Very fast!   I had the sesame siatian, which is like soy-"chicken" with sweet sesame sauce covered on top.  It has a crunchy coating, and served with rice, broccoli, and I had seaweed as my other side item.  Everything was very good.  My coworkers had the "beef" which was soy-steak, it was also very good, had a ginger sort of flavor.  They had a spring roll on the side.  Everyone enjoyed their meals, and the service was speedy.  Not the best meal ever, but I do recommend this for vegetarians, and I will go back.
Imagine a Chinese American take out restaurant except everything is vegetarian. There isn't any other restaurant like Su Xing House in the city, and for vegetarians and people looking for healthier options, but still want Chinese American food, this place is the place to go. The food itself is okay, and is on par with other Chinese American take out places.
Su Xing is still my go-to for vegetarian comfort food.  They offer a wide variety of dishes -- some breaded and deep fried, others steamed or braised -- and prepare faux meat well (never rubbery).  

I love to order the hot and sour soup when I'm coming down with a cold.  My other favorites are the Soy Bean Nugget Szechuan style (sans peanuts) and the Triple Shredded in Garlic Sauce (tofu, soy protein strips, and enoki mushrooms).  Props to Su Xing for offering brown rice at no additional charge.

Su Xing's lunch specials are a real deal.  Monday through Saturday, 11:00 to 3:00, lunch specials come with your choice of soup, side, and rice.  Platters vary in cost, but tend to hover around $7 and top out around $9.  Free delivery starts at 2:00, and  my guilty pleasure is to place a delivery order between 2:00 and 3:00 pm on Satuday to get the lunch special deals.

My only complaint is that all of Su Xing's dishes lack heat.  Chili oil is definitely needed to kick the dishes up a notch.
Hiiiiii lol SOOO 1. Wow loved the food so much when I first ate here I was like "truly this dish is so good wow" and thennn lol 2. Bae brought home some lo mein and was like "WANT IT??" and in a frenzy I scarfed this mess of noodles and processed fake meat into my face hole only to discover!!! A fucking bug!!! In the damn!!! Food!!! I am very sad because the food is so good but you can literally chill w/ the bby cockroaches in my food cause this is gross + not vegetarian ok thank u bye
I lovedddddd my vegetarian lunch here. I've walked pas this place so many times. The outside is not very inviting, but it's prime location for center city, 15th and Sansom. My friend met for lunch and he frequents here during his busy work week.

There was a language barrier with the hostess. Polite but not friendly. We were seated, given water and tea, and were asked if we were ready to order. I hadn't moved my eyes off the first page, but I trusted my friends taste buds and allowed him to order for me. 

He ordered me the steak with mushrooms and onions and gravy, and it came with miso soup, brown rice, and a spring roll. For himself he got the general tso chicken with brown rice and miso soup.

I have never liked miso soup, but his was light and flavorful. I also didn't mind the tofu. I'm usually a stickler on tofu and how it is prepared. My lunch entree was delish! So flavorful with the mushroom and onions. I almost felt like I was eating meat....almost. 

I also tasted his General tso chicken which I will get next time. It fried crispy with perfection and the sauce did not make it soggy! I appreciate things like that. 

The staff was very attentive coming by refilling water and tea. Bon appetite!
I wonder if anyone on here remembers Harmony, before it became New Harmony a few years ago.  If you miss the old Harmony then you'll want to go to Su Xing.  If you don't, you'll still want to go to Su Xing because it's the best veggie Chinese food in Philly.  Or New York.  Or anywhere else for that matter.  I eat here all the time.

Some of my favorites are the triple shredded in garlic sauce, the steamed dumplings, the tofu skin with two kinds mushroom (this takes longer but is so yummy).  I also love the seaweed salad but it's not the Japanese style. 

The atmosphere is surprisingly upscale considering that the food is cheap and fast.  Which includes being clean.  No bugs, no old food on the floor, no filthy bathrooms.  Sad that I have to mention that but, well... 

Hint: get one of the booths upstairs by the window if you can.
Best.  Chinese.  Ever.

My man and I walked in and didn't realize it was vegetarian.  But I was thrilled to see the menu.  It wasn't full of fried substitutions, it was simply no meat Chinese.  I loved it.  I didn't feel totally disgusting at the end of the meal.

General Tsos?  YES.  Loves it.  Also a big fan of the potatoes and cauliflower in curry.  OMGGGG.

Also, I must admit, after my initial encounter with this place I went back the next day and had lunch there....and they day after that and got take out.  So I recommend.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.
Not bad - but not great either.  The best part?  The super cheap price for the generous lunch special.  Mine came with Mediocre Miso, a tasty entree (Tofu with Eggplant in garlic sauce) and brown rice.  For a side I chose green salad (bad idea, and I should have known better) which was iceberd with 2 tomato slices and 1 cucumber slice.  Lame-o!  Next time (if there is one) I'll try the mushrooms.

Service was fine - efficient and quick.  Water was refilled promptly without asking (score).

OK, Maybe this place is 4 star foor/service but the 2 star decor needs a refresher pronto!
This is a vegetarian restaurant.

I'm throwing that up there because it's important and I know not everyone will read full reviews and pick up on it...yes, I'm talking about myself of course.

I placed a delivery order from the Latham Hotel (0.2 mi away) at 9:43 on a Wednesday night based on the glowing reviews for this place. The lady on the phone had an accent that was very hard to understand but she was super nice. 20 minutes later, I received my food from a rain-drenched, and understandably unhappy, delivery guy. Despite what the lady on the phone told me, the delivery guy did NOT take credit cards. I lucked out though because I had enough cash on hand.

* House Special Mei Fun Soup ($7.50) - I ordered this because another reviewer had said that it tasted like pho and there's really nothing better than hot noodle soup on a cold rainy night, am I right? Unfortunately, besides the fact that this is noodle in hot broth, there is no similarity to pho in terms of ingredients or flavor. I thought it tasted extremely bland (like hot water with some oil floating on top) and had a hard time liking the slices of fake meat/spam-like things. In retrospect, now that I know it's a vegetarian restaurant, I guess it's not terrible, but I certainly would never order this again either.

* Deep Fried Chinese Rice Cake ($3.50) - I got this purely out of curiosity and was pleasantly surprised at how much it reminded me of rice cake that my mom would make for Chinese New Year. The only differences are that these were cut up, breaded, deep-fried, and then served with crushed peanut powder and sugar...all good things! They were more stale/chewy than crispy because I got them as delivery but I could imagine them being extra yum if served fresh. This is the only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.

* Milk Tea with Tapioca ($3.05) - Tasted like instant milk tea powder with refrigerated (i.e., cooked in the morning and now hard) tapioca pearls. This was another impulse order because I had never seen bubble tea available on a delivery menu before. It turned out to be almost the worst bubble tea I've ever had so, yes, I learned my lesson.
I think I might stop eating meat if I could have Su Xing cater all my meals. 

Are you sure there is no meat in the Sesame Seitan? What sorcery is this?! I swear this dish tastes exactly like there is meat. I could not tell a difference, doubt any meat eater would either. I loved this entree; the sauce, broccoli florets, and "meat" were delicious.

Another winner was the Eight Treasure Hot Pot. It was a broth of an interesting medley of vegetables and a questionable ingredient that resembled ham but tasted nothing like it. Of course this dish was overshadowed by the Seitan (pronunciation: satan??), but I still enjoyed it immensely.

The only thing I didn't like was the deep fried Chinese rice cake appetizer, which my boyfriend happily responded, "YAY! more for me!"

Su Xing definitely exceeded all my expectations. I actually expressed high doubts in regards to the caliber of food at a vegetarian Chinese restaurant. I was thoroughly impressed! I will be coming back, and perhaps I might become vegetarian (for a week or two).
This place is the best for inexpensive, fast vegetarian Chinese food togo.  There are tons of options & the staff is always friendly.

I've ordered delivery many times & the service is always prompt (within 30 min) and my order is always correct.  

Many dishes aren't healthy - some of the breaded options can sometimes be over fried.  If you want to avoid this problem stear clear of the sesame seitan & opt for the veggie steak with black pepper.  The Dragon and Phoenix is another healthier option that doesn't sacrifice taste.
Went to this place coz it was cheap, Chinese, and vegetarian. I wasn't inpressed with the food (hot soup, mushroom side, and Singapore noodles), or the drink (Litchi Tea which was practically a concentrated sugar syrup). Won't be coming back.
Self-proclaimed meat lover, here.  I know what you're thinking.  "Vegetarian Chinese?  Sounds less-than-tasty and unsatisfying."  Well, you're wrong.  This place is legit.  One of the best and cheapest lunch spots in the area.  What you get for your money is absolutely ridiculous!  For $6.95 + tax & tip, I got:

-hot tea, filled to the brim pretty much every time I took a sip
-a spring roll with duck sauce
-miso soup
-heaping portion of brown rice
-enough General Tso's tofu to last me two days for lunch

Speaking of the General Tso's tofu - I'm talking crispy, delicious, pillows of guilt-free goodness.  My dining partner got the General Tso's veg and loved it just as much.

Servers can be a little hard to flag down during the lunch rush, but once you get their attention, they'll bring whatever you need in a flash: carry-out boxes, the check, etc.

Go here!
Although the food is quite good, I strongly recommend only ever eating there in-person. As is the case with many Chinese restaurants, there is a large language barrier: it is difficult to understand what the person on the phone is saying, and the person on the phone does not always understand your order. Unlike most Chinese restaurants, Su Xing will not fix its delivery order mistakes. In one order, they forgot our rice. We called asking them to deliver the rice, and we think their response was that they would fix it next time. Whatever it was, their solution was not to deliver the rice that was supposed to be part of the meal we paid for. 

In what became our last delivery order with them, I requested a side of white rice. Mindful of the problems with the previous order, I asked them to repeat the order back to me several times. I could not understand what was said back to me, but I thought it sounded close. Since I had repeated the order multiple times to them, I thought they probably had repeated the correct order to me. They delivered an order of vegetable fried rice, a dish I do not like (their peas are not cooked enough for my taste), and a more expensive dish. We called to tell them the delivery was wrong. They did not fix the order, they offered no refund, and they blamed the miscommunication on me. We paid for food we didn't eat. Su Xing did not care. We will not order delivery from this place again. Due to their lack of concern for their customers, we probably won't be stopping by in-person either.
I got take out at this place while visiting Philly.  I needed something healthy, and I ordered a vegetable tofu dish off the chef's specialties menu.  It had baby corn and tofu and mushrooms and lots of other vegetables.  The portion was very large; I only ate half, if that.  I was able to get brown rice with it, which was great.
A solid vegetarian and Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia.  My girlfriend and I came here for lunch on one of the hottest days of the summer. I arrived first and was seated immediately while waiting for my girlfriend. The waitress quickly brought two glasses of water and tea. I suppose it was a floral tea (jasmine maybe), but it had an amazing scent as soon as she set it on the table. 

My girlfriend arrived a little later than expected, and it might have upset the server because it took 10 minutes after both of us were seated for the waitress to take our order.  Eventually, we selected and received the asparagus with wheat gluten in brown sauce and garlic eggplant with tofu.  First, we received a soup course. I had a lotus root and peanut soup, and my girlfriend had the hot and sour soup.  They were both very good, though I have never had lotus root before.  I wasn't sure if the broth was supposed to taste like white corn, or if they just used the broth from their corn soup.  

Otherwise, the food was spot on, and the garlic sauce and brown sauce were both delicate and complimented the dishes very well.  My eggplant was outstanding. It was melt-in-your-mouth in texture and flavor.  The tofu was excellent-- crispy on the outside and silky on the inside.  The wheat gluten in the brown sauce had an almost fish texture and flavor-- a pleasant surpise!  I had selected a "salad" as a side (lettuce, slices of tomato, and cucumber).  My girlfriend wisely selected seaweed.  It was cut into thick, narrow strips, and it was tossed in sesame oil.  Simple, delicious.   If there were any complaints about the meal, it would be the level of salt, but it's probably less than the typical Chinese restaurant.  

Bottom line: This is a very good Chinese restaurant in terms of the offerings, execution, and price.  I would give it five stars if the wait staff was more attentive, and the salad was a little more complex/well made.  I would go back on a slightly cooler day.
Delishhhh veg chinese.  Go before three on weekdays for the lunch special, which could easily be two complete meals for under $8.  The staff is the sweetest, and super attentive so your cup is never empty.  There is never a wait, so you'll likely get a huge booth whenever you come.
Surprisingly haven't written a review for this restaurant though I've been here before.  Maybe it's a good thing, since I was not impressed before, but now, I'm pretty content.  This is standard Chinese vegetarian food with a menu overflowing with mock meats, but if you dig deep, you can find some more traditional Chinese food.  That's the stuff I look for at a Chinese restaurant, vegetarian or not.  Mock meats are fine, but, do you ever really know what's in them?  At least if you order tofu, you know it's just soy with some solidifying chemicals... I digress.

Great choices on the menu are traditional seaweed and cucumber salads - I tend to order these just about everywhere and anywhere.  To me, it's like having a bread basket with olive oil at a nice Italian restaurant.  Anyhow, there are also fried things like spring rolls and scallion pancakes.  The appetizer portions are quite generous.

All the mock meat dishes that people ordered looked great - plentiful, delicious, sizzling, piping hot and full of lots of goodies.  However, I am not the biggest fan of them.  The noodles are good here, whether you are eating wheat or rice noodles.  They have pan fried and noodle soup.  Fried rice if you're so inclined.  Lunch specials abound during the week.

In my experience, vegetarian Chinese restaurants tend to cater to a more vegetarian palate rather than a more Chinese palate.  So, I was glad that they had some traditional Chinese dishes like glutinous rice, turnip, tofu skin, bamboo shoots, pea shoots, black mushrooms (i.e. dried and reconstituted for depth of flavor and texture), Chinese broccoli/ kale, lotus root and glass noodles.  OH, and bubble tea???  Those options makes this place top notch in my opinion.  In addition, nothing was too salty by my standards, which can be a downfall of many a Chinese eatery.

The lack of 5 stars is because of the lack of Chinese greens - they only had 2 fresh Chinese greens, one of which I hate (water spinach)... restaurants stock what will sell, so, yeah.  They also had American/ western desserts that were vegetarian, but not vegan... bummer. The concept of gluten-free also seems somewhat challenging here...also, no tea on the table or "free rice," as in traditional Chinese restaurants... but, they had deep fried Chinese rice cakes for a dessert, YES!!!!!!!!!!  The hot tea was also fabulous.

I will be back... because there are many more dishes I wish to try... no mock meats for me, though, sorry.  Keeping it to ingredients that I can identify by sight.  Yum!
We got take-out from Su Xing for Chinese New Year's and it was awesome.  I was looking for a place with a large selection of noodles and Su Xing had everything -- Singapore-style Chow Mein, Chow Fun, and panfried egg noodles (and a bunch of other stuff).  We also took a chance on their "Golden Feather Knishes."  I love taro, but I'm not a huge fan of sweet-and-sour and I wasn't quite sure what a 'feather knish' was.  So what's a feather knish?  Delicious.  We ate our noodles and veggies and then finished off with the knishes.  They were almost dessert-like.  We're definitely going back to this place again.

Update:
We actually didn't go back to Su Xing for a while... We discovered Square and Square and that became our go-to Chinese place (points for being a few blocks closer to home).  But... lately we've gone to Su Xing for all of our take-out Chinese needs, branching out from the noodles-only menu from New Year, and we have not been disappointed.  The texture on the black bean tofu is nothing short of amazing.  I realize this probably involves lots of frying, but I have to say.. frying + tofu = freakin' miraculous.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of the stuff on their menu, but I also have to say this: it's going to be hard to branch out to any other veggie dishes beyond the basil eggplant.  When I opened up the little plastic take-out container the smell of basil sauce was overwhelming -- in a good way.  I can't even describe it.  If you order it and hate it, it's only $9.. and let me know.  I'm happy to take it off your hands.
Su Xing is much nicer than your average Chinese Vegetarian, not that there is anything NOT nice about them in general -- it's just that they are not meant to be fancy.  But Su Xing is the most upscale one I've been to in Philly, with nice low lighting and is cozy with wooden booths and an upper level.  It could actually kind of be romantic.

I love that it is BYOB.  The menu is huge, with a long list of Chinese standards, just all vegetarian.  The Chef's Specialties can be tricky to picture from the descriptions -- until you discover the pictures on another page of the menu.  Still, deciding takes a very long time, because it all looks so unique and good.  We were crazy for the black seaweed pancakes and asked for a second order.  I like that they have seitan and cook with plenty of varieties of mushrooms.

Once drawback is that there are not many table choices for parties larger than 4.  I think there is one large table, so our group of 5 was placed at a booth with a chair and small table on the end, which kind of isolated the 5th person, because he could not hear us.  If you have a bigger group, reserve the large table.

I will be back for affordable, unusual, quite delicious vegan offerings.  I saw vegan because I did not detect any cheese or egg, though I could be wrong.  We had leftovers too, nice portions!  Plenty of omnivores in my circles love to eat this way, no guilt.  I think it is great to show people that creative wonderful dishes can be made from simple vegetables, that vegetarian eating can be a cuisine and not just a meal with all the fun parts taken out.  You won't miss the meat, and you can eat healthfully, unless you order 2 servings of fried seaweed pancakes like we did.  :-)
We came here for lunch today and it was great. The three treasure vegetables was comprised of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, shiitake, and celery in a savory and light garlic sauce. The cold sesame noodles had a delish peanut and sesame based sauce and my friend loved the mushroom delight lunch special. FYI - they have lunch specials on Saturday, which come with a soup and side - all for under $7. Service was pleasant and our window booth was very comfortable. I have a feeling that this will become my go-to healthy Chinese place come fall.
It was just okay for lack of other vegan Chinese in the area. Quality is not great, but the portions are big. I have had plenty of vegan Chinese to know the difference, and good quality is diverse and flavorful. Also this place is not a very healthy option as it is loaded with unnecessary calories: everything is breaded and fried, or double and even triple breaded (super thick crust). Even the scallion pancake was breaded, I'm not sure why. Then everything came with super rich sauces that are easily absorbed by all the fried flour. Vegan Chinese food should be tasty and flavorful on its own with no need for super frying and pungent sauces to give it flavor. This is the TV dinner version of vegan chinese, sorry.
The saying "third time's the charm" applies to my experience at Su Xing House.

Scene 1: I was feeling sickly so my partner picked up the General Tso Tofu lunch special. For less than $9, I got a good portion of GT Tofu, approximately a pint of miso soup, and an egg roll. I was satisfied with my order, specifically the price and the amount of food I received. 

Scene 2: Why am I always craving boba and why is there not a boba shop in Rittenhouse? I decided to order a boba from Su Xing and it was exactly what I expected - a chinese restaurant boba. I wasn't completely disappointed, but at the same time, I wouldn't order one from here again.

Scene 3: We decided to dine in on a cold winter night. We were seated immediately on the second floor and received our water and complimentary jasmine green tea immediately. We ordered the General Tso Seitan and Veggie lo mien, which also came out right away. I've only had seitan once before and it was unmemorable. Su Xing's on the other hand was amazing! It was perfectly crunchy and covered in yummy GT sauce. Also, the broccoli that came with it was not your typical lifeless Chinese restaurant broccoli. It actually tasted like fresh broccoli! The veggie lo mien was also very good. It was barely greasy unlike the typical take-out lo mien- so thumbs up!  
The service was very prompt and courteous. Water and tea were refilled before I noticed they needed to be. 
I am also in love with the dcor here. Great ambience is set up with their colored lighting, chandeliers, and faux plants. 

I might be upset that this is one of the few places with boba in Rittenhouse, but their food completely makes up for it!
THIS. PLACE. IS. INCREDIBLE. I wish I could give them 100 stars! I took my fianc there for his birthday & we had a wonderful time! This restaurant is: Vegetarian, Kosher, & Pareve.  There are plentiful VEGAN options though! Just ask! Gluten-free friends rejoice - the menu lets you know if the "meat" is made of soy, gluten, etc.! The Teriyaki Steak is must-try for vegans who are tired of the same old "meat texture". I love the offering of truly different textures of "meat" on the menu.

I am vegan, gluten-free, & on a histamine restriction diet (severe food allergies). My fianc is vegetarian. He has no food allergies but loves Vegetarian & Vegan Chinese food.

When we entered Su Xing House we were immediately greeted & brought upstairs to an intimate booth beside a glistening chandelier. We were given ice water & jasmine tea which we sipped as we browsed the menu. I decided to get a Spring Roll to start & the Veg. Tofu & Glass Noodles in Hot Pot. My fianc got the Creamy Corn Soup (vegetarian, has egg in it) to start & the Teriyaki Steak (a "soybean protein steak with teriyaki sauce", choice of brown or white rice). Our server let us know that the Creamy Corn Soup was only available "for two" but he was really hungry and said it was fine. She also let me know that it had egg in it as I had said I was vegan.  

First to arrive was the massive bowl of Creamy Corn Soup with a ladle & two small serving bowls. The presentation was simple but perfect! The server carefully filled my fianc's bowl before placing the large bowl & ladle on the table. Even though I could not partake of the Creamy Corn Soup (has egg in it), the scent of the soup was wondrous. Creamy Corn Soup is his favorite soup & he has eaten it at an infinite number of restaurants.  He said that this was the best Creamy Corn Soup he ever had!  I was satisfied with simply enjoying the aroma!  He ate every last drop of that giant bowl! He said that the soup was fresh & light while still being creamy & satisfying.

When his soup was halfway done they brought out my Spring Roll (perfect timing!).  Our jasmine tea and ice water were also topped off. The Spring Roll was delicious. Piping hot. The wrapper had a delicate, layered crispiness which opened to a flavorful stuffing. The cabbage inside was tender and had such a vibrant flavor! I have had both baked & fried spring rolls in the past yet somehow this spring roll possessed the best qualities of both! I think most people would want at least two of these beauties but one was perfect for me!

A few minutes after I'd finished my Spring Roll & the last of the Cream Corn Soup was eaten our table was cleared of the empty plates and bowls to make way for our entrees which arrived a moment later. A large plate holding four generous slices of the glistening Teriyaki Steak with colorful vegetables, a bowl of brown rice, & the Veg. Tofu & Glass Noodles Hot Pot were placed before us. Our server took the lid off of my Hot Pot, revealing the magnificence inside!  As the steam rose I was immediately entranced with the scent. A ladel was given for the Hot Pot as well as additional small serving bowls. We gave each other a WOW THIS IS AMAZING! look. 

I took the ladle & filled the individual bowls. The glistening celadon green and soft white colors colors of the vegetables/tofu/glass noodles bathed in a light broth created a feast for the eyes. First, the glass noodles. The flavor! They were imbibed with the fragrant broth & had a perfect texture. The tofu was also brimming with the flavor of the broth!  I loved the texture of the tofu as well - soft inside with a slightly firmer exterior, perfect for this dish! The vegetables were a medley of tender, crisp greens with soft black mushrooms. The broth was wondrous! Light yet fragrant. Beautifully balanced. I esp loved the note of lemongrass! This was truly heavenly! My other half loved it too! This is the kind of food that would heal you if you were sick!

We always share so I also had some of the Teriyaki Steak. Wow! Seriously wow! The texture was tender with a good "chew" - an excellent rendition of steak created from soy. The balance of the flavors was superb. A soft smokiness danced with the sweet sauce around the impeccable texture! The flavors were perfectly balanced! The brown rice was the perfect accompaniment as it's gentle nutty flavor played perfectly with the steak. The vegetables, fresh broccoli florets and sliced carrot, added color and additional balance to the dish.  We both loved this dish!

The service was flawless. Our ice waters were always kept full as was our Jasmine tea throughout service. We had 2 servers - both were friendly, knowledgeable, & attentive! We were too full for dessert but definitely want to get some next time! I decided to get the Coconut w/ Tapioca to go when we were finished. Light yet creamy & incredibly fresh! DELICIOUS! 

EDIT:  We've started getting pickup from here once a week! This is our new favorite place! LOVE!!!
Today my fortune reads "Good things ar ecoming to you in due course of time." Here is what did not come to me in due course of time today: my #21 Broccoli w/Garlic Sauce lunch special from Su Xing, ordinarily my second favorite vegetarian Chinese food place in town. Waited 20 minutes for a menu, the hostess had to take our order, waited another 25 minutes for food and by the time it got to our table, it was 12:55 and I had to be back at my desk by 1:00. It is 1:16 now and I quickly consumed 2/3rds of the lukewarm contents of my sad styrofoam-housed to-go lunch that was meant to be eaten over laughs and chuckles with my friend Stephen S and tossed the rest in the trash. It's sad when somewhere you like drops the ball. A bonus star to the perma-hostess who was apologetic and also someone I just happen to like, but come on Su Xing. You're better than that.
I've been meaning to try this place for a while because I love Asian food and eat mostly vegetarian anyway. I ordered takeout from here last night, and my order was ready to go when I got there. The hostess was glued to her phone and was extremely distracted when ringing me up. I don't think we made eye contact except maybe when I had to come back to the restaurant after leaving because I realized I never got my card back.

Our food was disappointing. I got a seaweed salad hoping it would be like Japanese restaurant ones with lots of sesame oil and some chili flakes, but it was a different kind of seaweed and heavy on the soy sauce. My lo mein was very meh. They have a meat substitute in there, which I wasn't expecting and did not like. I would have rathered they loaded it up with fresh vegetables like broccoli and onions than have such a weird, surprising texture in it. If I want vegetarian Chinese food, I'll likely just order from a regular restaurant.
Loved loved loved the food!!!! And I typically don't like vegetarian/ vegan restaurants. Only problem was the server - she was rude and not at all helpful. Ordered the steak, vegetarian heaven, Kung pao tofu, and something called seitan. The veg heaven and the seitan were the best!!!! Super tasty and yummy!! For 4 entrees, 1 appetizer, and 2 desserts we paid $68 before gratuity.
This restuarant made me go vegetarian. No,I'm serious. The week before I ate here, I was telling friends that I could not imagine not eating steak. Well, here I am making a hypocrite out of myself. One year and many vegetarian meals later, I am still living without steak. Oh, this is a review..ok here goes...the General Tso's tofu is delicious and it is here where I tried seitan, sesame style. They have a great lunch special,meals ranging between six and seven dollars, and you get a great deal of food. For dessert, you MUST try the fried bananas. I have yet to try the bubble tea, but I'm up for the challange. The dim lighting and peaceful music create this soothing atmosphere, The only bad side is that there are very few servers, so service is kinda slow. But good food is worth the wait. Enjoy:)
I am not a veggie at all BUT I can totally appreciate veggie options, especially since i LOVE tofu. Su Xing House has earned a 5 stars for me because:

1) delicious vegetarian options that wow meat eaters (like myself)
2) free amazing hot tea (real brewed)
3) affordable + more than fair portions - great lunch prices!

I ordered the sesame tofu and their hot & sour soup. Their soup was tangy AND spicy - a beautiful blend for my taste buds. The sesame tofu was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They also don't charge you extra for rice so hell yeah!

I look forward to coming back here because their menu is HUGE. Also, it'll motivate me to participate in #MeatlessMondays because everything is freakin' delicious.
Su Xing House is my favorite Chinese vegetarian restaurant in Phillly (so far...).  They have a great lunch special where, for well under $10, you get soup, a side, rice (your choice of brown or white) and an entree.  It's best when shared with friends (or even mere acquaintances), that way you can sample different dishes and make your own combos.  This is particularly useful since some of the dishes may be either a bit too greasy (yeah, I'm talking to you, delicious General Tso's veggies) or dry (that would be the otherwise awesome as-you-wish) on their own.  So a shared meal here would qualify as an example of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts.  The only disappointing items I've tried were the curry dishes.

Speaking of parts, after trying the various soup and side options I've settled on the hot and sour soup and the seaweed.  Some might find the hot and sour soup too spicy; there, you've been warned.  Service is friendly and the staff keeps your water glass and tea mug full.
Super excited to try Su Xing House for their delicious lunch menu. We came here because I was craving Chinese food, but also wanted to make sure we could find some solid vegetarian options for my SO.

We got the lunch set - General Tso's Seitan and the Kung Pao Tofu. I got the Miso soup and my SO got the hot and sour soup (they were out of the lotus root soup). Both sets, which came with Soup, Entree, Rice, Side, Tea (generous refills), and Fortune Cookies, was about $9 (a great deal!).

The General Tso's Seitan was good, but was very bread-y. The Kung Pao Tofu was super flavorful and, because the tofu was dried, it had a great consistency.

The service was quick and the food was filling. Would recommend for both large and small groups to get some excellent veggie chinese food!
Summary: if you want kosher on a Saturday night, you're probably coming here

Let me start by saying that I don't typically eat kosher. I love carnitas tacos and Philly Cheesesteak. However one Sat night in Philly I was tasked with finding something to eat not just for me, but for my Jewish friends who did eat kosher.

Apparently it's difficult to find kosher restaurants open early Sat nights. However, we were lucky to find this establishment, which is primarily a vegetarian Chinese restaurant, but is certified as being Kosher.

I'm not a huge fan of tofu so I opted for the pan fried noodles and veggies. The noodles were really good - the consistency was a different mix than what I expected - basically Al dente, but very tasty. The veggies were varied and very fresh - the broccoli in particular was cooked perfectly. Nice and crispy (no soggy veggies here). Best part was the sauce - not overpowering or too salty. My friend opted for a rice noodle dish that was also well received.

Saw other people ordering a variety of tofu dishes, including Sesame "chicken" (tofu pieces that to the untrained eye looked just like chicken). Not sure how they tasted but the presentation was on point.

The atmosphere was casual and you'd be just as well coming here with your family or with some friends. Clean restaurant and quick service. Definitely check it out whether you're Kosher, vegetarian, or just looking to try something new!
I came here with my best friend for the first time last week. It was so good, that we came back a week later despite me wanting to try a bunch of other Philly joints while visiting. 

As soon as you sit down they give you some of the best tea I've ever had, perfectly brewed. We ordered totally different things both times, and everything was amazing. My absolute favorite was the green beans, they are like crack, I cannot stop thinking about them. The General Tsao Seitan was absurdly good, like 80's Chinese food turned vegetarian and just totally upped it's game. We also had a King Oyster Mushroom Tofu Dish (the number 16 is sticking out in my head, but I cannot remember the actual name) and it was on point, meaty fresh mushrooms on pieces of soft flavor packed tofu. 

The Passion Fruit smoothie is sugary and delicious, it's thick enough to eat like soft serve, and you will end up with a brain freeze, no doubt. Being from out of town, I didn't think about how BYOB Philly is and we brought a bottle the second time around, and they close around 11 on the weekends so it's the perfect place for a late dinner before going out dancing. 

Lastly, I figured I'd point this out, neither of us are vegetarians and she has gone like two more times since we came last weekend, it's just that damn good, because who has time for good **FOR** a vegetarian restaurant.
Solid vegetarian American-Chinese food. I'm not a vegetarian, but I still found this place to be delicious. Ordered the sesame "chicken" and broccoli - was very tasty and didn't make me miss meat at all.
My mom is shouting from the kitchen "Oh it's Monday, the cooks must be out." The food was horrible.  
We ordered veg lomien - it was a $9.95 plate of noodles with two pieces of carrots, pieces of shredded cabbage and mushrooms. I also ordered the general tso chicken - $14 a few flate breaded setien with sauce,  the broccoli was over cooked wilted rubbery. I will for sure not return.  
My expectation is that a vegetarian spot at least specialize in vegetables and putting vegetables in their food, nicely cooked and in abundance.
I went here when my dad came to visit. The food was really good and it's all vegetarian so that's a plus! I really liked the Sesame Tofu and the spring roll. The miso soup was good and I don't really like miso soup so it must've been really good for someone who likes miso soup. The menu is really lengthy even for lunch and they seem to have something for everyone even people who may not particularly like Chinese food. Overall, I would recommend this place for lunch or dinner and I would really like to go back.

Update: I can't stop getting takeout here. The seitan on a stick and the sesame tofu are my favorite dishes by far. The prices are fair and the service is much better than a lot of other Chinese restaurants I've been to. They even offer brown rice which is wonderful because I don't eat white rice anymore. If I could give more than 5 stars I definitely would!
Great food. Really friendly staff. Our waitress gave us sliced oranges randomly in the middle of the dinner. Truly a hidden gem.
I came in on a Wednesday for a quite lunch.

They have a whole list of lunch specials.
I ordered #32 which was the Soybean Protein Steak Lunch.
It comes with soup, spring roll and rice.
The sweet and sour soup texture was ok but it lack depth and flavor.
The spring roll crispy  with soft cabbage a bit of pepper.
The steak was crispy on the inside and just the right bit of firmness on the inside. 
It had a slightly sweet brown sauce on top of the steak that you can mix your rice with. The servers always kept your water or tea refilled. 
This price is definitely worth the money especially for vegetarian food.
I will come back next week for lunch again and try something else on the menu.
It's nice to have an option that's vegan and kosher. A good choice for a lot of people. The menu is gigantic and the food was very well prepared. The vegetable dumplings were fabulous. I'm attaching a photo of a lovely tofu and vegetables dish.The only drawback was that almost all of the tofu dishes were deep fried - kind of surprising with such a big menu.
i can't get over the service.

they take and bring your order fast, and seem to have some kind of ESP to know when you'ved sipped a little tea or water, because they come right over and top it off. that's nice, but wish they would leave the pot or pitcher at the table. sometimes i won't sip anything to keep them at bay. you also get your check, orange slices, and fortune cookie before you're finished or ask for it, and then you don't see them again to get change.

i'm still here all the time though. the miso soup is what's up. also seitan with asparagus in brown sauce (you can swap out the veggie for any other though, like broccoli if you'd like.)
Really wanted to like this place. I'm writing a review after my second visit, and probably won't be going back. 

My first order a few weeks ago consisted of the #26 (Kale and Dried Bean Curd with spicy red pepper). The entre was pretty good, but the sides were pretty gross. The seaweed salad was pretty slimy. I've never had the lotus soup before, so I have nothing to compare their version to, but it was basically tasteless grey water and a lotus root and peanuts. 

Today, I decided to give them another shot and go super basic with the #7 G. Tso's seitan dish, brown rice, hot n sour soup with a spring roll. My friend go the #29 Shredded bean curb and shredded protein with the same sides but with white rice. When I got back with the order, we were surprised to find a different order. They served us a #7 and I think a #9, served up brown rice on both orders instead of one. They also served up the rock hard seitan with a nice, long hair (mmm), forgot both of our spring rolls (the crown jewel of the order!) and threw in a random salad out of nowhere. The hot n sour soup was not hot.... or sour and was super gelatinous. Overall, disappointed with all the good reviews this place got. Oh well.
We came back for lunch and it was great as always. My mushroom delight with the seaweed salad and hot and sour soup was very good and I really liked the touch of sesame in the sauce. The "as you wish" rolls were fantastic with a great balance of shiitake, golden mushrooms, bean curd, and celery wrapped in a bean curd sheet, then roasted and seasoned. This is a must try here!  The home style bean curd was great as well!  It is made with fried tofu as an FYI. Service was great and our tea was refilled consistently.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I was a vegetarian. 

Actually, that's a lie. It was about 2 years ago and I was living in Philadelphia but still. I feel like I might as well have been kept prisoner on the Death Star considering yesterday was my first excursion to this amazing vegetarian oasis. 

First of all, the decor is reallllly pretty. I was kind of surprised because it's unassuming from the outside. Lots of flowers, gold, and a fair amount of tables to choose from. In terms of the menu? It's huge. My friend (who has been there countless times) and I took at least 10 minutes analyzing and trying to pick our meal. As appetizers, I went with the seaweed salad and him the spring roll. The seaweed salad wasn't what I was expecting, that's for sure. It actually looked like real seaweed, as opposed to the typical translucent kind found in most Asian restaurants. It also wasn't in a ginger dressing but instead contained cilantro. It was different, but in a good way (although I do remain partial to what I can only assume is the less healthy variety). For the main dish, I chose the As-You-Wish (fried bean curd skin filled golden mushroom, black mushroom, dried bean curd and Chinese celery) with sauteed pea pod leaves. The portion was HUGE and super tasty. The pea pod leaves had just the right amount of garlic and didn't look too oily. My friend ordered the Vegetable Heaven (stir-fried string beans, braised tofu and Chinese eggplant in a garlic sauce) and was also a fan. I managed to snag a piece of the eggplant and a string bean so I can also confirm the yumminess, although I think mine was the winner of the meal. No dessert due to being full of delicious food, but I will make it a point to try some next time. We didn't turn down the blood oranges that came with the bill, though :D

Service was extremely attentive, although almost to the point of being overly so. The complimentary hot tea was never lacking, and our water glasses were constantly being refilled. We never wanted for anything, although we did have to ask for chop sticks. 

Prices were extremely fair, too. It averaged out to be about $16 a person, which I can't complain about for a huge good meal in Rittenhouse. I will definitely be back here sooner than later
The staff seems miserable. Their favorite ingredients seem to be oil and sugar. I'm a Gujarati, and I thought the entrees were too sweet...my Indians, you know what that means... -_-

Tip: the scallion pancakes are not all that. In fact they're just all fat.
I have introduced a couple of vegetarians to this place and they have been going back regularly ever since. 

While I'm not a a vegetarian, I get the General Tso's Tofu all the time with sweet and sour soup, brown rice, and braised mushrooms. It's only about $7 and you get enough food for two lunches. The food is quite tasty and always well prepared. I never thought I would say this, but I prefer their tofu to most chicken I would get at other Chinese restaurants. 

They prepare high quality, delicious, vegetarian Chinese food quickly and economically. Tough to beat.
YUM! Why did it take me so long to come here? Vegan Chinese food & closer to my house than New Harmony. That's a win! (Except that I think I like New Harmony better.)

Our waitress seemed to either hate her job or hate us, so I made it a point to be extra super effusive: "Thank you SOOO much, I LOOOOVEEEE the soup, etc, etc." Eventually, she cracked a smile, that's also a win.

I had the hot & sour soup (hotter than New Harmony's, NH's is more sour...I prefer NH's). We also had dumplings (SO good--I didn't want to share) and spring rolls. I ordered curry potatoes + peas + cauliflower (I combined 2 dishes because I wanted peas AND cauliflower, she made sure I understood they'd be charging me an extra $1 GASP!) and my dining companion ordered the General Tso's tofu. I liked his better, he liked mine better: we traded. For dessert, I had the chocolate sorbet. 

Good food and actually comical how angry our waitress was. I'll go back again for sure!
Healthful, Vegetarian, Ample Portions, and hooray.  This place is wonderful. It is obsessively clean, has 8 different colors of lights in any of their room, and has the approval of Martin Yan from Yan Can Cook for being a great healthy Chinese Restaurant. I am not a vegetarian, and this place still rocks the boat. Hooray.
I absolutely love Su Xing! It is my absolute favorite lunch spot in center city and I usually eat there 3 or 4 times a month. 

Su Xing is a cozy, 100% vegeterian Chinese resturant with a shockingly inexpensive lunch menu. Nowhere have I had tofu cooked as wonderfully! I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The staff is very kind, there is plenty of seating (no wait!) and unlimited free hot tea! The dinner menu is a bit more expensive so I would recommend an introductory lunch trip if possible.
I was staying just a few blocks away from here and really bummed because the meeting I was attending had TERRIBLE TERRIBLE food. (Who serves cold cuts?!)

Then I found Su Xing House, and ate there for dinner every night I was in town. Great service - super quick, very polite. and the food was amazing and totally affordably priced. 

I had the scallion pancake and the sesame tofu the first night.  HUGE portions of delicious food. I was bummed that I was staying in a hotel  with note place to reheat the food or I would have taken my leftovers for breakfast the next morning. 

I also got take out from here to bring back to my room the following night (working while eating is easier at a hotel desk than a dimly lit restaurant), and the food was still super-hot by the time I got back to my room 10-15 minutes after pick up. The fried tofu was still super-crisp, and the sauce was just the same texture/flavorfulness it would have been at the restaurant. 

If I return to philadelphia, I'll definitely go back.
So, I'm not a vegetarian. Not even close. Still, this is my go-to spot for Chinese food in Center City. Even if you're a meat eater, you won't miss the meat at all. Prices are very reasonable, portion size is good, and it's generally ready very quickly. I placed an order today, and by the time I got to Su Xing from my office at 16th and Chestnut (like, a block and a half away), it was ready and waiting for me. 

One word of caution. The hot and sour soup - *VERY* spicy. I guess since they can't use chicken stock, they make up for it by making the soup extremely spicy. Personally, I'm a huge fan of spicy food, so it's fine by me - just don't order the hot and sour soup and expect it to be like your local Chinese take out place.
I am a lifelong vegetarian and I love this place!  We were visiting Philly for the weekend and was pleasantly surprised by this place.  The good was delicious and the location was great. It was very reasonably priced and the service was top notch. 

We may have to find excuses to take the two-hour drive just to eat at this place again.
AMAZING!  There were quite a few options on the menu.  The 'General Tso's Vege' was so chicken-like, I spat out the first bite and had to ask if it was meat or not.  I don't really remember what chicken tastes like, but it sure looked like chicken, was tougher than some seitan and my boys were convinced it was chicken.  It also came with delicious fresh broccoli.  Also, they have bubble tea.

Su Xing would be a great place to take your meat-eaters to, as long as they're into trying non-meat food.  Otherwise, you could just trick them and get carry-out.  mwahahaha  We also ordered the stir-fried zucchini, which tasted really good, but made a squeaking sound in my mouth when being chewed.  That part was...strange?

The prices were decent and the staff were very friendly and attentive.  They were pretty amused when we asked if the food was meat or not.  Also, it's not just one of those, we have fake meat asian places.  The food was very flavorful and fresh tasting.  I can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes!  There appeared to be a decent amount of dessert options, but I was way to stuffed to even look at them.

Why are you still reading this and not on your way there??
3.5.. Met with a friend for a lunch date.  It's a vegetarian spot that unlike many other vegetarian Chinese spots aren't too big on making soy products fit the bill of being meat.  Look, if I don't eat meat, it probably has something to do with the fact that I don't like the taste of it, either.  Why one would try to make soy taste like beef or anything else is beyond me.

Anyway, besides my mini-rant there, this spot is pretty good.  I liked the hot and sour soup here.  Good, creative vegetarian dishes, but alas, like many a Chinese joint, can be very oily.
I am a carnivore to the bone, and usually don't like vegetarian dishes that try to act meaty, but Su Xing House is changing all that.  Their General Tso's "chicken" is far superior in flavor and texture than real Gen. Tso's chicken at most Chinese restaurants.  If you're trying to convert a meat-eater, this should be your ground zero.  There's a wide selection of "meat" and "fish" dishes that'll convince even the most die-hard carnies that veggie based foods can constitute a real meal.  The portions are huge, and the leftovers reheat well.
Su Xing is nothing short of magical.

1.) Everything is vegetarian, the entire, enormous, well-rounded menu. The joy of ordering whatever you want is something every vegetarian can get excited about.
2.) The food is DELICIOUS. After at least ten visits, I've never tasted anything that I didn't like. The General Tsao's Veg is my forever favorite, I recommend it to everyone.
3.) The service is excellent. Your water glass (and little cup of tea) will never be empty. I don't know how they do this, but the waitresses at Su Xing should teach the rest of the planet how to be so gloriously efficient and super.
4.) The portions are enormous. If you love leftovers, come here! You will eat for days off of one meal, I swear.
5.) The prices! Very reasonable, especially considering the quality, the flavor, the service, and the quantity of food. 

Seriously, magical.
I've been here twice- disliked it the first time and actually threw my takeout in the trash the second time. I'm only giving it 2 stars (rather than the -2 I think it deserves) because it seems that everyone else loves this place! Maybe I caught them on bad days. The first time I went was shortly after they opened, The portions were small and pricey for what they were, and the overall feeling at the table was that things were either too gelatinous or too dry. The second time I ordered broccoli and garlic sauce to go (how do you even mess that up?!), and what I got was overcooked-to-the-point-of-mush broccoli that somehow absorbed none of the flavor of the way-too-spicy garlic sauce. They are higher-end than most other Chinese places, but the food certainly didn't warrant the price hike- especially for take out. I'd rather order through bullet proof glass at a generic "number #1 Chinese and American food", pay $4, and get something delicious.
Great place, great food! I love the ambiance and I frequent this place almost every week. You get tons of food for such a small price too!! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the servers could use a little more help in customer service.
Delish , the tea and water kept flowing , the food ( sesame tofu & schezuan? Tofu) was delish also tried the singapore noodles.. ... All in all everything was tasty I went 2 days in a row after bikram which def means I'll be back being a non meat eater I can appreciate the vast amounts of vegetarian fare
We were coming in from a long day of Friday work, and hunger pangs.  (Stopped into Nodding Head next door for a great beer on tap -were too tired even to BYoB - Nodding Head gave us great service by the way).  

Although we were hungry, we went easy on the entrees and heavy on the apps., as the man in my life likes fried stuff.

The scallion pancakes are really good for fried food - mmm.  The two waiters that always serve us there remembered that we like extra sauce (tastes a little like Ponzu with Yuzu and soy) for the pancake (remembers from once before going!)

I had the Hot and Sour soup, which is a light broth with just the right touch of white pepper, mm!  Has a little bit of tofu and different fungus.

We split two entrees and just had one brown rice to split.  It was so good, we just sat there and talked and ate the whole thing.  But it was nice and light, so no need to worry about being too stuffed.

They have several Hot Pots, I ordered the Eight Treasures without tofu, which it comes with.   Without tofu, it was delicious!!!   It is also seasoned with a bit of vegan ham so it is smoky.  I usually ask if the tofu is fried or not, because I don't like that fried taste.  At some places, they will offter silken tofu instead - I know the chef does not intend for the dish to come out that way, but it makes it so nice.
  
We also ordered Vegetables Chen-tu Style - we lucked out, also very nice and light and with the great flavor of celery!  Oh wow, everything was just so good.  

If you're looking for a filling soup, try the vegetable tofu - their broths are hot and flavorful, just with fhe right seasoning.

Next time we will bring some wine and have another feast - as soon as possible.

Not to mention, but their prices are very low.  If you go for lunch it is even lower, however you will not have room for dinner.

Their service is so nice, however, we always leave a good sized tip - which makes the nice pricer - but a tip for their excellent food and lovely smiles and attentiveness is never enough!
I came here for lunch with my husband after I checked into our hotel. It was next to our hotel and the reviews on Yelp made it sound heavenly and it sure was. 

Initially we were the only customers in the restaurant but that changed soon enough. After looking at their menu I ordered the potato and cauliflower curry and my husband ordered the General Tso's tofu, both the lunch special. For appetizer we ordered the scallion pancakes. 

The pancakes were great. Nice and fried and came with a dipping sauce. My lunch special was okay. I much preferred my husband's and I wished I also ordered it. The potato and cauliflower was a bit bland while his tofu was crispy and delicious. The hot and sour soup and spring roll that I had with the lunch special was also delicious.

Overall great place. I would definitely come again when I'm in PA. I didn't even tell my husband till the end that this was a vegetarian restaurant and he said that he didn't even miss the meat! Service was decent, especially for a Chinese restaurant. Tons of seating!
Dude... Seriously... Best Vegan Chinese food I've had in the city and its affordable!!! My fiance and I go here at least once a week and we never get tired of their amazing food. I'm usually easy to please when it comes to chinese so every time I go I get their Sesame Seitan. I HIGHLY recommend it! My fiance likes a bit of a variety she usually gets either the Hot Pot, Chow Mei Fun Singapor Style, and Soy Protein with Broccoli and Brown Sauce. She recommends these highly! Also for an app get the spring rolls or the vegetable dumplings. Dine in or eat out the food is amazing! Also their delivery is FAST!
On a recent visit to Philadelphia we had the pleasure of eating at Su Xing House for a tasty dinner. The service was great, the food was delicious, and the restaurant is as comfortable as can be. Recommended to all!!
My roomies dragged me out for a Sunday night dinner, as they had a craving for Mu Shu (vegeterian kind). Since I am a adventurous type, I decided to take them up on their offer for vegeterian chinese.

One tip-its totally worth it to wait for an upper level table. We waited a few extra minutes, and were able to get a large table for the 4 of us.

We order 5-6 different plates of Chinese Cuisine which had some outlandish names like "Dragon and Phoenix". I found that to be pretty tasty dish (black mushrooms, spinach, soy beans), with the Golden Feather Knishes to be a great complement to that plate. We overdid it with the ordering, as we had more than enough to take home.

I also found that the price tag to be pretty affordable, and well within the range of what I like to spend for a dinner out.  

The service was pretty solid too, as the server almost started to dish out the food for us, before we stopped her.  Still, pretty good service.
I know it's a cliche to praise a vegetarian place by saying you can barely tell it's vegetarian, but since I eat a wide range of cuisines and sometimes have to help veggie friends order off omnivorous menus, it's nice to be able to tell omnivores that they'll sincerely enjoy anything they try, as much as if meat were involved. Never been proved wrong! 

Personal entree favorites: Eight Treasure Hotpot and the Dragon and Phoenix. I like to top the meal off with a mango milk shake. Lunch specials are good too, but I usually come slightly before or after the rush, so somewhere between 11 and one.
The food is delicious,  reliable and vegetarian. They have great lunch specials! My only complaint is that you are merely a number here. Their desire seems to be turning tables and not providing a relaxing experience. As I write this review, the server just delivered my check,  and I am only halfway through my entree! Enough said!
Su Xing is essentially a really cool concept because it's like a typical takeout chinese place but everything is vegetarian! If thats not the life you're about, that's okay, but personally I think you are missing out on a very enjoyable experience. Like many people who frequent here, I am not a vegetarian but still absolutely love getting takeout from here.
Some of my favorites include:
1) The sesame seitan is just yum. For vegetarians, I think this is cool because most places don't really know how to do seitan in a way that is flavorful and yummy. I feel like a problem a lot of vegetarians may also be that they like vegetarian food but not necessarily the "fake meat" flavor or texture most veg places offer. I can confidently say you do not have to worry about that here. 
2) Scallion Pancakes 
3) Golden Rings
So far I've only ever gotten delivery, but I hear nice things about the restaurant and hope to go sometime soon!
So I finally decided to try out this restaurant. The meals I tried were delicious and made well, Singapore noodle and hot pot. The serving sizes are large, so if you want to try out a few dishes be prepared to head home with a take out box.
Sesame tofu is MY LIFE right now. Writing this AS I eat. Wish I had come here with a friend so we could split this and an appetizer as I can't eat it all by myself. Tasty jasmine tea too! Enjoying the lively Mandarin chatter among the waitresses.
Abalone mushroom soup, a medicinal brew with winter melon sliced thinly and floating in the broth.  With goji berries and julienned ginger, this soup hit the spot.  Next up:

Taro croquettes with cashews and sweet & sour sauce was absolutely fantastic!  Smaller than thumb-sized dumplings made from taro...that starchy, sometimes purple-ish root were lightly fried, stir fried with some bell pepper, and finished with a more sour than sweet sauce thickened with cornstarch.  More than enough for one, just perfect for two.

Singapore Mai fun was excellent, also, without an overwhelming wafting of curry powder.  It smaller and tasted perfect, with veggies scattered throughout.

Kale and dried tofu...an odd item to see on a Chinese menu.  I've never seen kale used before.  When the dish arrived, I saw that it wasn't kale at all, but choi sum, a leafy green vegetable popular in traditional Chinese gastronomy.  Forget about the confused name...just know that this was a super-light dish bursting with vibrant green color, subtle soy and sesame rounding out the plate.

Service was fine, yet a bit cold.  As I've reviewed other Chinese establishments before...that's just par for the course.  Eat it and beat it!

If I'm in the Philly area again, I'll definitely make this place a part of my visit.  Vegetarian or not...try it out.
I got the sesame seitan lunch special to go.  The portions were huge (enough for 2 lunches), although I would've liked a bit more broccoli, and as other people have said, the seitan was a little too crispy.  But, overall, it was delicious (as were the braised mushrooms).  At $8.00 for an entree, soup and a side that will last you two meals, it can't be beat.
There are veggie Chinese places that make up fake meat dishes out of tofu and protein; Yuck! Yawn! Then there is Su Xing. They have dozens of dishes without meat or fake meat. They have the best lunch specials in town: something like 8 bucks gets you soup, a springroll and a substantial main dish. the Schezwan tofu is amazing! The kale and dried bean curd as well. Take a friend and get a few dishes, you won't regret it. (p.s. the only bad dish I've had there has been seaweed. everything else: great)
First off, it is awesome to go to a restaurant and be able to order anything you want!  Being a vegetarian can be limiting some places, but not here, which is awesome.  I went for the lunch deal, which was a lot of food for a good price.  Comes w/ a side, a salad, and the entree for cheap!  I got a green salad (bad move, iceberg and some tomato, don't make the same mistake), hot and sour soup (not that flavorful but ok), and delicious eggplant and tofu.  My friend got the eggroll as a side, which looked good, and General Tsao's tofu w/ broccoli, which was also yummy.  I was definitely into the fact that just b/c its vegetarian doesn't mean the menu is full of fake meat, b/c I am definitely NOT into soy duck or shrimp.  Don't get me wrong, this is available too, but not the only option.  Next time I will a) make sure to ask for the eggplant spicy (there's a pepper icon next to it, but had little spice to it) and b) maybe just order entrees and skip the weak soup and side.  Either way, I will definitely go back!
Sesame tofu I had here recently was awesome!  I also tried one of their "milkshakes"...they taste more like blended ice milk, but I think they are vegan?  Anyway, the milkshake thing I got was so good, even the next day frozen.  The shakes come with cute extra wide straws and containers with figures on them.  I went with the coconut flavor; it's taste and texture were pretty much my perfect virgin pia colada.  Shakes come in the following flavors:  strawberry, mango, and coconut...I could have missed one?  They have great lunch specials, too.  Only vegan Chinese I'll eat.  

Super fast delivery+++
