Someone once told me sushi with slices of ginger, work like a charm with upset stomach. So, I ordered sushi for delivery. 
- Philadelphia and Alaska Rolls were ok.
- Delivery was quick.
- Fair prices.
- When the delivery man arrived, I realized that unfortnatly I didn't have cash to tip him. He refused to leave until I wrote a tip on the receipt. I understand I should have checked before I placed the order. But come on, it wasn't so nice.

Two and Half Yelps.
Pretty good spicy salmon rolls! Got them for delivery one time and then take out for another. The place is very small but overall cozy.
A roach was in the food and they were unapologetic. They said the best they could do was give us the food half price since some of us had already started eating. They didn't seem to understand that spotting a bug in your food tends to make most people lose their appetite. We will not be going back and would never recommend coming here. The good news is that they said "we're already spraying and trying to get rid of them".
I'm glad this place has a ton of haters here on Yelp. 

Oh, you've checked in 8 times, say it's your favorite sushi spot, and give it three stars for cold edamame? Good. Stay away. Maybe then I'll be able to continue getting a table on a Friday night. 

Oh, you've rated it down two stars because you have only been once so you don't know if it's consistent? Good. Never come back. Then I'll continue to get delicious sushi at a fast and affordable place.
I'm a super fan of sumo sushi. It has become a part of my weekly lineup of lunches. I get it on Monday afternoons when I know I'm going straight from work to Zumba and need a boost of energy and omega 3s on the cheap and easy. 

The Happy Lunch special is the best. Three rolls and Miso for 11 bucks. They have no delivery charge, so even with a tip for the delivery guy it's 13 bucks for 24 pieces of maki and soup. 

I change it up once in a while, but usually I get alaskan, yellowtail, and eel. It is super fresh and probably the best takeout/delivery sushi I have had. And they are so fast to get here. 

Today I ordered at 11:43 and it was here by 12:02. Love the promptness. 

I highly recommend this lovely little situation.
I completely forgot about this disaster until a buddy of mine mentioned a food poisoning a couple of days ago, which makes me think nothing changed.

If you know what is good for you, you will avoid this place like a plague ( unless they change owners, chefs and buyers ).  We went there maybe a month after it opened:

1. Miso soup stank of iodine. 

2. Fish in nigiri and sashimi was lukewarm. That's right. Lukewarm.
My friend and I ordered takeout from Sumo Sushi on a Saturday night in late June. The portion sizes were generous, the food was exceedingly delicious, delivery was fast, and it was a great value for the money spent.

Tuna Pumpkin (Lobster Salad wrapped in Tuna, with Mosago): 4 out of 5
This appetizer, served chilled, consisted of large chunk lobster salad rolled inside a raw tuna sashimi "pumpkin," topped with mosago. There were two "pumpkins" per order, each slightly larger than a large egg. The lobster salad was cold, fresh, succulent, and moist. The Bluefin tuna on the outside was equally fresh and delicious.

Seaweed Salad: 5 out of 5
The seaweed salad had a nice balance of crisp, fresh-tasting seaweed, light dressing, a sparing amount of white sesame seeds; and sat atop a bed of skinless cucumber spears. It arrived very cold (even in 80 degree weather) and was refreshing to eat. In terms of portion-size, it filled the better part of your standard small square plastic salad container. Fresh, cold, sweet, tangy...It doesn't get any better than this!

Volcano Roll (Spicy Tuna, Cucumber, Avocado and Tempura Crunch, served with "chef's special sauce" [spicy mayo, unagi sauce, and some other unidentifiable, yet tasty, sauce], wrapped in Soy Bean Wrapper): 5 out of 5
The sweetness from the soy bean wrapper, white rice, and unagi sauce imparted a subtle contrast to the salty soy sauce-dipped spicy tuna and creamy avocado, with a satisfying crunch of the tempura flakes and the kick of pepper from the spicy mayo. I should add that this is an "over-sized" roll, so it is twice the size of your average spicy tuna roll.

We couldn't have asked for a better takeout experience. I look forward to ordering from Sumo again soon!
We had a late dinner at Sumo on a Saturday. Sadly this restaurant did not live up to the high expectations set by fellow Yelpers. 

Let's lead with the good. The chirashi offers an abundant assortment of thick-cut sashimi at an affordable price. The shrimp tempura, although not traditional in batter or sauce, has a nice "tap-tap" crunchy exterior.

Now here's why we ultimately did not enjoy our meal. Sashimi should be served as close to room temperature as possible. While I'm glad Sumo isn't giving anyone food poisoning, the fish shouldn't be the temperature of ice water.

If you're not a picky eater, don't take my review too seriously. Sushi purists, however, should stay away.
The sushi craving, for me, is a funny sensation.  I turn from what I believe to be a normal, healthy, happy human being into a little kid jumping with excitement.  When I finally make my plans to eat sushi, I pretty much count the minutes until my reservation.  I also, undoubtedly end up eating a bit too much because I really love it.  This time, my destination was Sumo.

This little restaurant is well decorated and laid out.  We were able to snag a table on the wall and I got to peer at the guys behind the counter skillfully crafting meals.  Our server, was incredibly nice and very attentive the whole evening.  He barely let our water glasses get below the halfway point.

We started with the edamame which was perfectly cooked and salty.  I love eating that before a hefty amount of raw fish.  We got the sashimi platter, the Volcano roll and the yellowtail roll.  I thought the volcano roll was really tasty but be warned, it's massive and will fill you up.  The yellowtail roll was also really good but we hit fill-point quickly with that much food.  I ended up with some leftovers which is never a bad thing.

This is a good little space and they treat you well.  I shall return.
I concur with Casey B, The lunch special is definetly a great way to get people in the door. I was not impressed based upon the reviews. I wasn't expecting anything fancy but compared to every other average spots, the sushi was not good. I have had better at an all you can eat establishment.
I come here often for their lunch special. I usually get the three Roll special which I believe is $10.95 plus tax but can be a bit off. It's located on Pine right off Broad Street. I utilize Eat 24 to place my orders and when I get there it's ready for me. The ladies are nice and never have any issues. I've eaten there on one occasion and have no complaints. 

Their miso soup I feel is a bit salty and hope they can alter that a little bit but that's just my opinion. The seating inside offers about 20 people to sit and had some seats alongside the sushi bar. It's clean inside and the parking can be a hassle given the area. You can stop at Starbucks if you have to wait for your order to occupy your time if you like.  The quality of the sushi tastes fresh and seems to be the best I've had in Philadelphia given the price so far.
Sumo is a nice neighborhood sushi joint. I've been going since they first opened, and I think their lunch deal (3 rolls and miso soup for around 11 bucks) is a fantastic treat. I usually get it simple: salmon, spicy salmon, and philadelphia roll. The shrimp tempura roll is good too. 

I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here, but it's good for a regular local sushi place when you crave sushi for lunch. 

Dinner can get expensive. get the lunch deal.
Ok, maybe I am a perfectionist. Maybe i DO have a problem with symmetry and design and the need for them to be as close to perfect as possible. Still, when my sushi looks more like a tumbleweed of rice, seaweed and fish chunks, chances are I'm going to be disgruntled. 

The absolute first thing I noticed about Sumo is the fact that their sushi is not pretty. I've gone three times now and have ordered a small variety of rolls and soups. The soups are typical and ok. It's the rolls that I have a problem with - goshdarnit! I want them to be round and neatly packed!

Otherwise Sumo is totally acceptable. I mean, it didn't "wow" me in any other ways. Oh, except for the TVs, which are permanently tuned to TMZ, and the collection of People magazines that they have sitting on a little table by the door. If there is one thing this place does right it's to entertain you while you're waiting for your sloppily rolled sushi.
Good spot for delivery.  I ordered through Eat24 and they showed up within 25 min.  I ordered 3 basic rolls and a salad for ~$20.  

Spicy Tuna Roll: good flavor and just the right amount of spice.  

Alaska Roll: Salmon, Avocado, and Cucumber.  Also very good.  The avocado was nice and rip.

Hamachi Negi Roll:
Yellowtail and scallion- definitely my least favorite.  The texture of the fish was...off.  Very firm.  I've had yellowtail rolls many times in the past but never like this.  

House salad: Skip it.  Not worth the $3.
This little restaurant has an address on Broad Street, but isn't actually ON Braoad Street!  It's hidden behind Starbucks on Pine at Broad.  The staff was friendly, quick, and helpful.  We went for lunch and they didn't look open because no customers were inside and the glass was dim, but soon after we arrived the restaurant started filling up. The edamame was excellent as was every single roll we ordered.  In my book Sumo sushi is a contender for the top sushi places in Philly!!  The quality at Sumo Sushi was on par with the most expensive sushi restaurants in the city, but for a much much more manageable price.
Best lunch special in the city: $10.95 for three rolls plus soup or a salad. The rolls come with 8 pieces of good sized maki in each and there's a lot of selection included in the lunch special - yellowtail crunch roll, spicy salmon, you name it. You will leave full and so will your wallet.
Old soggy chopped up
Sushi is mediocre
at best. Don't go back!

(I tried the following:
Alaska roll
Crystal with scallop on top
Unagi
Yellowtail crunch with apple)
The fish are so fresh! Loved the crab salad, soft shell crab, and chirashi bowl. The food quality deserved a four star but the people there are so nice that they should get an extra star rating.

Cons: the place is too small if you have a large group. Their main business is take-out.
Sumo sushi is my go-to sushi place in Center City.  The fish is often fresh that morning, and the rolls are decently priced for the size.  I suggest getting the Naruto Roll and the Fantasy Roll if you want to try something a little different.  Also, they have a great "Party for Four" sushi option that includes a mix of special rolls and typical rolls.  The best part is that it is under $40.  Basically, I use that option if I want "All-You-Can-Eat" sushi because after I have my half of the party, it's all I can eat.  

They have a nice mix of Japanese style noodles, soups, and other non-sushi food items as well, so it's a great place for groups that aren't 100% sushi-vores.  The address says Broad St, but the entrance is on Pine St. just past the Starbucks' windows. You definitely need to go there and try it out.
Dear LORD.
I didn't think that I could find a better sushi place in the city since there are endless options. But SUMO takes the top spot in my heart and stomach. 

The service was impeccable, our waitress was smiley, prompt and helpful. You can see the sushi chefs hard at work, and for a Sunday night, all of the tables were filled. 

I had the sushi appetizer, 5 pieces of sushi for 7.95, which is a STEAL because if you order the sushi/sashimi off of the menu, it is around $5 for two pieces. I also had the spicy tuna roll, which was incredibly fresh. My friend MADE me try the UNI (sea urchin), and the taste was nothing like I have ever had before. The texture was creamy and buttery, without the fishy taste. I cannot wait to go back and order it again.

I found my new sushi spot in the city. I love it.
While the $10.95 3 roll lunch special that comes with miso soup is definitely a bargain, the taste of the spicy tuna, spicy salmon and philadelphia rolls wasn't my favorite, and this is what I usually get every time I order sushi from anywhere. Additionally, the rolling was done kind of sloppily and the amount of ingredients in each piece varied widely.


This is probably just personal preference, but I don't think I'd order from here again.
The sushi here is great. The fish always tastes fresh and the lunch special is wonderful. 

Only giving them 4 stars because the waitresses are ALWAYS in a bad mood when I dine in.
Very good sushi for Philly. Fish is fresh and the rolls are a nice size. They have traditional rolls and sashimi, and also some more creative, tasty rolls. I don't think they have a kitchen, so chicken-teriyaki people, keep that in mind! 

BYOB is great, fast delivery is even better. Only negative is the restaurant is pretty small, and also, you leave smelling like the restaurant, but sometimes that's not a deal-breaker!
Great place for decent, inexpensive sushi. If you eat a lot, as is my case, the party platter for four ($35) is good for two people and the platter for six ($55) is good for four. Good value for what you get. The fish was fresh and the rice had the right amount of vinegar. They serve beer and sake here, but I think they allow BYOB, too.
While on a sushi hunt in good ole Center City I was led to Sumo Sushi by a friend. I was under the impression most center city sushi was good but it is not ... However, SUMO SUSHI IS AWESOME. Me and my friend sat at the sushi bar and had the most pleasant waitress. She was willing to answer any questions we had and substitute any meats included in our rolls. This place is quaint but very nice . The sushi was sooooooooo FRESH ! I will be back over and over again!!!
Excellent for lunch! $7 lunch per person, and we got 3 different rolls, and order of edamame, plus hot tea. If I worked in the city, i would eat here ALL THE TIME. Service was really nice and fast.
DON'T DO IT!!!  I ordered delivery and it was not only well over an hour wait on a weeknight, but it was inedible.  The edamame was freezer burned and still undercooked, the sashimi fish was question mark at best, and the rolls while they sound promising by their menu description leave much to be desired.  Save ur money and go to Fat Salmon.
We ordered take out from this place. Decent sushi but we found that the specialty rolls were quite mushy.  I'm not sure if this was due to the type of fish or commute... this seems to be a common response from fellow yelpers. 

Overall, we've had better sushi at other places in the city for the same price.
On a recent weekday night, the GF and I were craving sushi. So we hopped on Seamless and noticed that Sumo Sushi had won an award from the delivery service. So with the recommendation in mind, we ordered a gauntlet of sushi to satiate my cravings.

Edamame

Perhaps due to the size of my order, Sumo Sushi sent over some complimentary edamame. Salty and meaty, the GF loves these.

Gyozo ($4.95)
Fried pork dumplings

In the mood for dumplings as well, we weren't disappointed. The pork was juicy and moist and these had a nice deep fry on the outside for some texture. It was accompanied by a tangy, sour sauce.

California Roll ($4.95)
Crab stick, cucumber, avocado

California rolls were prototypical and the sushi rice had a nice vinegary tang. The roll was studded with sesame seeds as well for some texture. 

Hamachi Negi Roll ($4.95)
Yellowtail, scallion 

We ordered some standard yellowtail scallion rolls as well, which had a dash of wasabi heat that wasn't overpowering.

Sweet Potato Roll ($4.50)

On the other hand, the sweet potato roll was a bit starchy and frankly, there wasn't much sweet potato in the roll. It was also doused in eel sauce, which rendered each bite too sweet.

Spicy Salmon Roll ($5.25)
Spicy salmon, avocado

The spicy salmon roll was nicely creamy, but could have used more heat. The texture of the sesame was nice though. 

Red Dragon Roll ($10.95)
Spicy tuna, tuna crunch, avocado 

We also went with a few specialty rolls. The red dragon roll showcased tuna two ways. The outer tuna was fresh and within the roll, the spicy tuna was creamy and had nice heat that was tempered by the fresh avocado. The tempura crunch added texture to each bite as well.

Sakura Roll ($12.95)
Soft shell crab tempura, cucumber, pepper tuna, avocado, tobiko, special sauce 

The sakura roll featured soft shell crab that was nicely fried and was meaty within. The pepper tuna added some spice, with the special sauce providing that Americanized sushi touch.

Overall, Sumo Sushi isn't a bad choice for takeout sushi. Delivery was fast and the sushi was fresh. I wish they had more roll specials, but you can't always win them all!
I'm glad I discovered this place. I had a few rolls on Sunday night (Sushi Sundays in my household) and I was very pleased. My wife and I ordered the Philadelphia, Shrimp Tempura, Fancy Salmon, Dancing Eel and Spider rolls. Very delicious and the price was very reasonable. 

Before I write reviews on a place, I try to go more than once. Today, I decided to try their lunch special. I went with the "Happy Lunch", which consists of three rolls of your choice and Miso soup, all for $11.83 after tax. I was more than happy.

One day, I'll dine in. If my experience is great, then I think it will be worth 5 stars. Until then, I would give it a definitely 4.5 stars. Too bad Yelp doesn't provide the option for half stars.
The perfect quick and good quality sushi place. I've ordered from here probably upwards of 10 times at this point and I've never been disappointed. And it's so easy to order using yelp!! Free delivery too!
Got delivery tonight and everything was excellent. We ordered the Ocean, Crystal and Fantasy rolls and loved all of them. Each contained good and fresh and cuts of tuna, scallops avocado and shrimp. The rolls were well constructed and simply looked great. Sushi and sashimi are two pieces per order at Sumo, we got yellowtail and eel and both were sizable portions. 

We also got shumai which were great, even the side salad was crisp and fresh.

We had heard some mediocre reviews so had stayed away but decided tonight was the night to give them a day in court... verdict: delicious.
I really did not enjoy sumo sushi. My husband and I decided to give this new sushi place a try since we are sushi lovers. We are by no means sushi experts, but this place did not fit the bill nor did it meet the expectation that the city paper reviewed it as.

We ordered spicy tuna, spicy salmon, miso soup, salad, green jade roll, and yellowtail crunch roll. first of all, the rice was overcooked and mushy. the presentation is sloppy. the "crunch" aspect of each roll that had it was soggy as well.  the soup tasted like metal. the salad was good, but how can you do salad wrong?

the restaurant itself is very small and has minimal seating. we ordered to go, so we cannot speak for the service.  i must say though that what i did see of the decor was minimal, and there was a big chinese cat on the counter of the bar, which i could go on about for days. why is there a chinese cat when it is a japanese restaurant??? 

i don't see myself going back here anytime soon. edible but definitely not enjoyable. don't say that you haven't been warned!
Business trip to Philly for a couple of days and I always find a sushi place to go. This place was close to my hotel and had decent reviews. 

I walked there to only find out they are only doing take out or delivery. For me not a problem. They have a QR code on the window for the menu.

Ordered al la carte: miso soup, 2 hand rolls and various sushi including yellow tail, tuna, octopus and flying fish roe. 

Nice size pieces and everything was super fresh. Very much enjoyed it and will come back next time in town. 

They also prepared everything within 10 minutes.
A great little sushi place around the corner from my house, it has become my go to spot! I've been there several times for lunch and we've had the same waitress. She's a one woman show and is bubbly and always asks about my son and family after just a few short conversations!
The specials are a bargain, three rolls for ten bucks or a sushi entree at a fraction of the price from the dinner menu! The portions are very generous and the sushi is always very fresh, which is evident when the vibrant colored plates arrive! You truly get a lot for your money here! The seaweed salad alone is humongous! I also like the red dragon roll, very pretty to look at, even better to eat!
The space is relatively small, with probably 5 tables and the sushi counter, very clean modern decor, dark hard wood floors, simple Wooden tables and nice lighting and most importantly for me, stroller friendly!
Its very busy during lunch time, but you can get in and out of there fairly quickly and not feel rushed.
There is a 10% discount for dine in patrons so it's been a plus for us, they also do take away so perhaps we will place an order one of these days.
I would highly recommend a visit!
Ordered delivery from Sumo on Eat24. Delivery was relatively quick and the delivery person followed the instructions I gave, which I really appreciated.

Ordered the spicy salmon roll, vegetable roll and New York roll. Unfortunately, just like I had read on another review, my spicy salmon roll was not very good. It was not spicy, and it had a very weird, mushy texture unlike any spicy salmon roll I've ever had- it also came with avocado which was odd. The vegetable roll was like a salad in a roll (understandably) but I really could've used some sort of sauce or just literally any kind of dressing. It had no taste and just tasted like eating lettuce. New York roll was delicious!
I just can't quit you!!

 This place is so amazeballs (do people still use that word?) that I can't get enough.  A friend of mine introduced this place to me a couple years ago and since then- whenever anyone suggests a sushi date, I name this place (they usually have never been or heard of it) and locked and loaded- I make a reservation.  Needless to say, I have eaten here about 8-10 times or so over the past two years, including delivery (YAY DELIVERY!) and dine-in, reserving a table for 2 or a larger group of 6.  Never have I or anyone on my group been disappointed.   

Their regular sushi menu is well priced with great lunch specials.  Their specialty roll sushi menu is creative and, since I am a HUGE SUCKER for mango with my sushi, I often find myself trying to decide between 5 rolls that all sound equally amazing. Mango Tango is a solid staple when I order here.

Also, lets not forget their special rolls of the day (usually on the board out front when you walk in) that are also delicious.  There is a soft shell crab roll that my friends usually get and swoon over. Make sure you ask your server if they don't mention because you won't be disappointed.  

BYOB too- so bring a bottle, or three. 
Feel free to invite me along with you.
Tasty sushi in a very con convenient location. Got a sushi combination for four which was plenty, as well as two soups and a salad. Very fresh fish, large but manageable pieces, and great dressing on the salad (although japanese salads are always super tiny). My favorite was the salmon, super tender and neutral, with avocado.
Philly yelpers, you let me down here.  Only a punch drunk, late-career Rocky Balboa would give this place the 4-star rating it's currently enjoying.   

Based on a single visit, I'd say the sushi here is average at best.  I came here recently for dinner and sampled a number of different rolls.  While the rice had decent texture, it lacked flavor, and as a result the rolls were on the bland side.  They also only contained only smaller pieces of fish.  The best places go light on the rice, heavy on the fish & other ingredients, but not this place, unfortunately.

Maybe I caught them on an off night, maybe other menu items would be better, but for now it's three stars, and even that's being a little generous.
This is a decent Gayborhood sushi spot. Its not a large place so, it probably wouldn't be great for groups, but a seat at the bar while watching the chefs make your sushi is perfectly adequate. They are BYOB, I think, but you can get beer, and they have all the standards you'd expect for a Sushi place. We ordered the tempura shrimp (I was really hoping for tempura veggies, but I didn't see it offered) which were a little too greasy for my taste, but came with a side salad with ginger dressing, which is nice and helped offset the grease of the shrimp. We also ordered the spicy tuna roll, the salmon roll and their Fushion specialty roll, all of which were really good and at the end of your meal you get orange slices, which is cute. The spicy tuna roll wasn't super spicy, though. I was expecting a little more heat. The service was quick and friendly and I saw a bunch of reviews regarding take out and delivery orders, so we might have to try that sometime, as the inside of the restaurant isn't much to write home about.
We are hardcore regulars here! 
No.1 we live close by 
No. 2 waitresses are so nice
No. 3 food is always fresh 
No. 4 prices are super affordable 
No. 5 the yellowtail Apple crunch is so random... But so good 

I could go on and on... Comfort sushi food when you need it :)
I ordered delivery on a friday of a super hot day. Three rolls and soup. It took about 10 mins which I was thought was quick, even though they're only like 3 blocks away. It was a lazy day. 

So anyway, I brought the sushi inside and started to eat it within 5 mins. All of the sushi was so mushy because the fish was hot. I couldn't eat any of it because it was making me sick. I put it in the fridge for about an hour and went back to it. The fish tasted better but now the entire roll was a weird texture. I ended up throwing away one of the rolls. The soup was really good, but soup tends to be best at a warm temperature unlike sushi.
I love sushi. No matter the time of the year, I would get cravings more that vinegared rice with that Omega-3 rich piece of raw fish on top. Sometimes, I'd get cravings for that perfectly plump tamago or the grainy sweetness of smelt roe or the perfect crunch of milky squid or that sweet, rich smoky eel sauce. So more often than not, when I pass by Sumo Sushi on my way home, especially on days that I've worked really hard and really late. I stop in and give myself a treat. 

I have been dining here since they first open and I have to say there's a obvious drop in quality of their sushi and their service. I mean, it's not like it's horrible now, but the skill of their owner/chef is obviously better than their sous chef who helps prepare sushi as well. I remember being wowed at the owner/chef's knife skills from a piece of Ika, but now the sous chef plop the Ika right on the rice without so much of a cut. 

Service is really a bit odd. The new hire speaks with a very strangely flirty voice while I was on my iPhone playing the almighty Candy Crush while waiting for my food, the waitress came over asking me how long I was playing and how far along I am, and while I reluctantly told her that I just started, she laughed and told me that her husband is already in the hundreds. She then left and told the other waitress about my game progress. It's not something I enjoy especially after a long hard day at work or any day actually.

If you enjoy raw fish as much as I do, you'll do well ordering the sashimi appetizers first. It's 8 large piece of fish for $10, which round out to $1.25 per piece. A regular order of sashimi is about $4 for 2 pieces. The fish is mostly fresh and their selection is great. I'm a traditionalist when it comes to sushi and not a big fan of their Americanized rolls with the different spicy sauces or mayo and all those things but if you are and I don't know you, I won't judge.

It's usually easy to find a table, I never really seen it being fully packed. The wait for food is not too long either, especially when you have a game on your hand.
I got the lunch special and was not impressed.  The miso soup was good but the rolls were definitely not good quality fish.
This is a great spot for budget sushi. We ordered various rolls and can't complain at all! I will say that the edamame had waaay too much salt.. We ended up wiping the salt off with a napkin. Nice touch at the end with the melon. We will definitely come back but ask for no salt on edamame :)
Consistently great with reasonable prices. Highly recommend the Fusion roll, Volcano roll and yellowtail crunch roll. Also relatively quiet during the week so it's easy to pop in for a quick bite.
I ordered from here last night through GrubHub, and was not disappointed! We ordered the Party Platter for 4, Seaweed Salad, and the Fusion Roll. In total, it was about $50 and we got TONS of food. It may have been accidental, but they even threw in some free edamame with our order. Usually I spend $30-40 to go out and eat 2 special rolls and have some drinks/appetizers so this was the most economical decision we've ever made and it was obviously more than enough for four normal people. We only had two people, so we ate a lot of it last night, and I'm currently enjoying some leftovers as I write this review.

The Party Platter for 4 includes a California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Unagi (eel) roll, Alaska roll, Rainbow Roll, and Dragon roll. If you're not a fan of avocado, it is NOT for you as most of these rolls have avocado in them. The Dragon roll was my favorite - crunchiest shrimp tempura I've ever had without being overcooked. The Fusion Roll was delicious, but a little spicier than I expected so I only had a few pieces of that. I'm a sucker for Seaweed Salad anywhere, and that was also delicious.

Overall, love this place! It's right off of Broad Street (entrance is on Pine Street) and close to the Kimmel Center and Academy of Music if you're in town for a show and need somewhere to eat. I've been to the restaurant before and it is a little small or "intimate" so you may want to call ahead if you have a big group. Not sure if they take reservations.
I got the spider roll, eel roll and inari roll.  I didn't really like the inari roll (my husband did though) but I loved the other two! I ended up ordering again the next day :). Quick delivery
We really liked it!  Our 2 kids loved it (10yrs & 8yrs).  Fresh, nice portion sizes and reasonably priced.  Ordered through Yelp. Quick delivery too.  Will be ordering again!
I used to eat here all the time because it's close to my house and the lunch specials made for a relatively inexpensive and light lunch. The only thing that bothered me about the place was the fact that there are usually more employees than patrons, and the employees tend to stand around looking bored and staring at you while you eat. That was before I ate here for lunch the day before Valentine's Day and spent the next day in a delusional, feverous state as the result of food poisoning. I guess I'll always remember the Valentine's Day I spent curled up in a fetal position.
I'm sorry that I have to change my review from a 5 to a 3 (I would change is to 3 1/2 if there was an option) as I had a negative experience here on Sunday night. Although Sumo has fresh fish that is reasonably priced for the city the service is slacking. Don't dine in if you're in a rush. There were only about 4 other tables of 2-3 people. When we sat down we were ignored by our server for 15-20 mins. We didn't even receive water. Our food took an extremely long time and as I was watching the sushi bar it looked like more take out/delivery items were being prepared compared to the dining in orders. I won't be dining in here any time again soon, I would however still get takeout for the quality, but it's not conveniently located to where i live.
Killer little sushi place in center city. I usually go to Vic, but they are closed on Sundays. We decided to try a new place and we were not disappointed.

Sumo is small like Vic, with only a couple of tables and a bar. Large sake is only six bucks, maybe the cheapest alcoholic drink in center city :p the sake was large and definitely got me where I wanted to be.

I had a kani salad, shrimp gyoza, miso soup, and a giant sashimi entree. The presentation on my entree was extravagant and the fish itself was fresh and flavorful. I will be going back!
This place is a gem! All their sushi is fresh and delicious. They have a great roll with mango that is amazing. I've ate in and got it ordered. They always get my order right and the delivery took less than 20 minutes! It was GREAT!! Recommend this place!
Moved back to Philly and Sumo is still 5 stars - sure, they may not be as tasty as some of the sushi joints in San Francisco I've eaten at, but that's comparing apples to oranges. As far as the Philly sushi scene goes, nothing beats Sumo as far as quality and taste for the price.

Their lunch special is bomb - 3 rolls plus a miso soup for $11 delivered. And they come all the way to my offices in Northern Liberties! Someone ordered the Sushi and Sashimi lunch special, and while at $16 it seems expensive, the amount of food he got was insane. Two full trays of sushi and sashimi plus a salmon avocado roll. And a soup of course.

The waiters at Sumo are friendly and helpful, and the delivery guy is always on time. I love their food, I love their service and I love their restaurant. 

5 stars it is!
Fresh and delicious sushi. I get delivery from here all the time. It's always super fast and good food. Prices are nice!
Good sushi is hard to find. This place has a few nice rolls and everything tasted fresh. I would have liked a few more option for the lunch special but I can't complain 3 rolls for 11 bucks is not a bad deal.
I've both ordered delivery and eaten in at Sumo and I've never been disappointed. Honestly I think it's one of the best sushi places in the Center City area. 

 The fish is always fresh and delicious and the staff is consistently friendly. When I get delivery I never wait longer than 30 minutes.
Decided to give this place shot after reading some reviews on Foobooz... I am happy to say that this place totally impressed.  We ordered delivery and was extremely happy with the food.  The edamame was perfectly salty and the pork dumplings were still crisp!  We got the Red Dragon and Sumo Special rolls both were great however the Sumo special was my husbands fav.  All in all I was shocked at the freshness and quality delivered to my door.  Will definitely go back!
We ordered take-out from here on the way home from the gym. Note to self: Don't ever order food when ravenous post-workout. Seriously, I'm almost embarrassed to reveal how much we ordered. Almost. 

Sumo is an apt name because the portions are large. $2 for a run-of-the-mill miso soup, $3 for a garden salad with peanut-y/ginger-y dressing. I use the term "salad" lightly, as it consisted of 3 cucumbers and 3 onions sitting atop a bed of iceberg lettuce . . . but the dressing was good. 

When it comes to sushi, my motto is less is more. I don't need all the bells and whistles of a dragon-spider-rainbow roll. Give me some quality yellowtail and I'm a happy camper. But like I said, we were RAV, so we got a sweet potato roll, a Volcano roll, a Sakura roll (soft shell crab, cucumber, tuna, avocado), and a Sunshine roll (spicy yellowtail, shrimp, mint, avocado, seaweed). 

The quality of the fish was good, but the rolls were wilted - overburdened by special sauce, tempura crunchies, and too many competing flavors. Now, I know that sushi delivery usually comes with an element of sloppiness, but we ordered take-out, and it only took 10 minutes to get the rolls from restaurant to doorstep. Maybe I'm just not used to special rolls, but to me, sushi should be sharp.

The sweet potato and the Sakura rolls were delish. I really liked the soft shell crab. I was not a fan of the Volcano roll...there was just way too much going on. 

All that being said, I would *totally* come here for their lunch special if I worked close by. $10.95 for miso soup and your choice of 3 rolls (18 classics to choose from), and these are the kinds of rolls that Sumo appears to execute well.  Like I said, I have no problem with the quality of their fish, so this seems like a great deal!
I love this sushi place. Usually when I'm ordering they are bringing the food before the delivery time even start. The food is great and even when you sit in the place the service is great! Very recommended
Excellent quality fish and their lunch special is phenomenal.  So glad I live close by this place.  Plus the BYOB Sake is a bonus.  I will be a regular here for sure.
I really like their sushi. For the lunch time, they have happy hours special. It is really cheap for the happy hours and the sushi size is big enough. It is also a quiet place you can actually sit down and talk.
This place is GREAT. They quickly accommodated a group of 12 of us and the service was perfect. Everything the group ordered was great and fresh. We were there for a birthday and were also given free desert for the table! Also the saki bombs were awesome! We felt so comfortable here. Would definitely return!
I agree with some reviews that their sushi has maybe a bit too much rice and not the neatest rolls you will find in philly. It is still a great place with very reasonable prices, and its BYOB!
Their special rolls are really good and the shrimp tempura is the best!
I am all for cheap take out / delivery sushi but this place was gross. We got the sashimi lunch and the 3 roll special. All of the fish had a strange taste to them and were obviously not good quality. Even the Soy sauce had a strange taste and smell. Go somewhere else for your sushi needs. If you are looking for cheap delivery, go to iSushi and get the 3 roll special for $14 and you wont be disappointed. I will not be ordering from here again.
I didn't feel like being bothered with humans today so I'm cooped up in my hotel room watching the harry potter marathon. I grew hungry but didn't feel like going out so i hopped on grub hub and found a sushi spot with great ratings. They have this great lunch special, 3 rolls for $10 w/ miso soup. You cant beat that. The miso soup is HUGE and the sushi is very fresh and filling. They arrived at my room earlier than expected which is always a plus. Im stuffed and not even half way through my sushi platter. Wish they were in NY. They would get all my money.
Tried Sumo Sushi for the first time recently, and I was quite satisfied.  I opted for a seat at the sushi bar, where I got to watch my sushi being prepared.  I ended up getting a salmon roll and a sweet potato roll, both of which were to my liking (especially the latter).  Reasonably priced, good quality fish, friendly and accommodating staff, and a tranquil environment.  Not to mention "I Believe I Can Fly" was on the radio, so that was definitely a good omen for me especially around now!
This has become my go-to for sushi delivery.  They get it done and delivered fast and fresh, even though I don't live that close.  I recommend the Futo Maki and the Naruto Roll (wrapped in cucumber instead of rice).
I really wanted Sumo and I to work out because a) its very close to my home and b) they deliver, but we may not be meant to be.

I thought their sushi had waaaay to much rice.  It was a rice glob with some fish inside.  The veggie roll kept falling apart, which just is not cool.

My boyfriend REFUSES to return.  He'd rather hike to Mizu (which is excellent) then head round the corner to Sumo.

I may try them again. We'll see.
I am a sucker for Sumo Sushi, and the lunch special. Never been unsatisfied with any of the rolls I eaten, or with the friendly staff.

The restaurant is clean, nicely decorated, and tolerant noise levels on busy days. Delivery doesn't take long and the food is packed very well.
Sushi is one of the best foods to eat in the world. I have eaten a fairly good range on the sushi spectrum, from grocery store and take-out to the sushi connoisseur restaurants in Manhattan. 

Sumo Sushi is an unassuming around-the-corner sushi restaurant, where my colleagues and I would go to decompress the day and get a quick bite before or after a workout. We came here almost every Tuesday evening after work for the past 18 months. We chose Sumo sushi because it satisfied the following criteria: 

Quality food. Their special rolls are worth every dollar. I am huge fan of unagi, so my favorites were the Sumo Special Roll, which has crunchy spicy tuna inside, and on the top, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white fish & topped with eel and avocado OR the Pine Street Roll, a thinly sliced tuna & avocado over eel cucumber roll, with tobiko and eel sauce. The portion sizes are fairly large with great presentation. Other favorites among the group was the Tuna Pumpkins and the Chirachi. They can also do brown rice instead of white and make vegetarian-friendly rolls. The oranges and watermelon that they served us after our dinners were always just the right sweetness. And gotta love that they give everyone at the table a stick of gum when we get our checks. 

Great for groups. We call in advance to let them know how many people and when we'll be there, and they were always accommodating. Jason, the owner and head sushi chef on special occasions would give us a special dish or dessert on the house. 

Great customer service. So great that they had people's preferences memorized. Eddie got his extra ginger. John wanted to substitute his miso soup with an avocado salad. They're also pretty quick to serving everyone's food, including our 8 person table. In addition to that, they were even willing to do separate checks for us. We came so often that they knew we wanted separate checks and did it without us even asking. 

We have appreciated all the great service and food! There were so many good team dinners at the restaurant. Thank you so much - We will miss you and your team, Jason!
I order out at least once a week.  It is fresh, and never had a bad meal.  I have dined in only a few times, and it was good. 

UPDATE: because I order here often,  the consistency of the quality varies a lot with the rolls and the service.  Today was the last  day I will order from Sumo.  I order food and they forgot part of the order, I called and then got the rest of my food and hour later.  I'm not even hungry anymore and THEY DIDN'T EVEN APOLOGIZE!  Not once.  This has happened numerous times and I never know what I'm going to get.  This shouldn't happen.
The sushi in this place is good but we waited for the food more than 40 minutes. Also, the restaurant was not very clean. That's why I give only 3 stars to this place.
Sushi places are getting more like pizza joints everyday, once you have your favorite you stick with it. This is my go to place, good selection, nice size rolls and price is right in line with everyone else. What separates them is the good selection and really nice staff. I've never had a problem with the freshness and I'd go out on limb and say I'm pretty good fish expert.
I ordered from Sumo Sushi today on Grubhub. The delivery was so quick; my food got here only 20 minutes after I ordered it! The sushi tasted fresh and delicious. I would definitely order from here again. Highly recommend !!
Always a quiet little gem off Broad St. Wonderful service and friendly staff. Standard range of sushi, rolls, etc. But sometimes they have some off the menu items, which are delicious and fresh.
Sumo is my sushi watering hole. Whenever I crave my philadelphia role, I head over to Sumo. It's convenient, cozy, and cheap. I have to give three stars, though, for the edamame. I love love edamame and sumo's is not up to par for my liking. It's undercooked and cold. Aside from that, though, I will continue to frequently visit. It is a neighborhood gem and hope it sticks around!
I ordered the Happy Lunch special which is 3 rolls for $10.95.  It was nice and fresh.  However, there were more than 6 pieces in each roll which I do not like bc you tend to get less fish.  I"d rather have 6 pieces and have more fish and less rice.  Comparable to Vic's sushi.  I wish I tried the dumplings as well.  I would definitely order from here again....one great thing is they offer the lunch special on Saturdays...
I cannot say enough good things about Sumo! I am a sushi addict and this place definitely feeds my addiction. I love it! It is my favorite go-to delivery sushi place for Rittenhouse / Graduate Hospital / Washington Square and enjoy dining in, too. (I work in Rittenhouse, currently live in Graduate and used to live in Washington Square.)

I end up ordering at least once a week from here for delivery and consistently receive fresh, delicious food from them. I frequently ask for substitutions or changes to menu items and the chefs are always very kind and precise in accommodating these requests. When my husband and I order together and have a larger bill (around $70), they throw in a free item for us, like edamame or seaweed salad. We don't expect it and it doesn't come every time, but it has happened on and off a few times now and every time we get a free treat, we really enjoy it and it makes us feel like appreciated customers. Thank you, Sumo! 

We also have had positive experiences dining in. The waitresses and chefs are very kind and accommodating. All sushi is pricey, but at Sumo I really feel like the whole experience and quality of food gives you the best bang for your buck. All around great crew and food. A++!
This review is just for the lunch special as I haven't yet tried any of their specialty rolls

$10.95 for 3 rolls of your choice ( 8 pieces each) served with miso soup, and free delivery for orders over $10. The delivery was really fast, within 30 minutes of my ordering, so kudos there! 

Since the whole city pretty much has that 3 roll for $10.95 deal , I pretty much consider it a standard deal now , one of the reasons for my 3 star review.

Food wise -- my favorite was the yellowtail scallion -- in my opinion really fresh fish which is much appreciated. The spicy tuna and California were okay -- I've generally had better California rolls in my past packed with more flavor and imitation crab meat. The miso soup was also a bit of a bummer because there were so few tofu and seaweed floating around, which costs pennies to make.. so just a bit of a pet peeve of mine to skimp out on that. 

Overall, fast delivery and a good option if you're craving cheap and fast sushi for less than $15.
Decided to order in tonight. Got the miso soup which was marginal at best (it kind of tasted like Philadelphia tap water with  little flavor), the Rock n Roll which was pretty good and the Yellowtail crunch roll, which was by and far my favorite that I ordered. Not back for delivery...and the delivery person delivered in a car which, honestly, is a bonus. I'll order again...just not the miso soup.
Food was fine, but their customer service was terrible. We left some tips (they didn't deserve even that), but waitress insisted that we had to give more because "tip is supposed to be 15-18%"!!! And that was extremely rude. This is my decision whether to leave tips or not (and how much), and I don't think that I have to give extra $6 for NOTHING! Never coming back.
Great sushi spot and my go to when staying at the DoubleTree on Broad St.  My usual is chirashi substitute brown rice (minimal up charge) and salad (miso soup usually comes with).  If you are into sashimi this is the way to go and an incredible value.

Mental note: They are BYOB although they have some beer/wine/saki on hand.  There is a wine shop at 1111 Locust Street a few blocks away.
Long story short -- This is the second time I've ordered delivery from Sumo Sushi (admittedly through an online platform), waited an hour and a half, called, and found that they didn't have my order. After I got the confirmation email. Maybe something is up with their online connection, but I'm leaning towards not since it was confirmed? Hopefully I'm not coming across as a bitch, but I'm super hangry right now. I really wanted their delicious sushi. Lady was very short on the phone, saying they were busy (which I totally get), but dude...help me out a little. I haven't eaten all day and really wanted sushi and I'm still being nice to you. Told me to call GrubHub and then hung up the phone. 

I never Yelp and I can't believe I am now, but just wanted to give everyone a heads up:

Call in your orders! Don't be a antisocial-food-orderer like me. 

Two stars because when they get your order right and you get to shove it in your face, it's pretty tasty. And because I feel weird about Yelping.

I think I'll look elsewhere for sushi delivery, though.

NOTE: GrubHub was super awesome about reversing the charge right away. Thanks GrubHub :)
I paid less than $10 for three rolls and a miso soup at lunch.  Nothing earth-shattering, but a good straight-forward sushi joint that is perfect for the neighborhood.

When they were carving a spot out of the parking garage at Broad and Pine, I was so scared we were going to get a cell phone store or something boring.  While Sumo isn't a place I would probably leave my neighborhood for, I'm sure it will be placed on heavy take-out rotation.

The kitchen also sent out a free fish tempura salad which was pretty tasty.  Maybe because they're new, or maybe because they just thought it was sad that I was eating alone.
Ordered the lunch special again for delivery at work. Delivery was faster than grubhub expected (which was listed as an hour and 15 minutes..) it came after about 45 minutes after ordering.

All the rolls are good, nothing mindblowing but good for your sushi fix. The rolls aren't pretty by any means, pretty sloppily put together -- but taste wise it's good. Spicy tuna was what I expected. "Yellowtail crunch" is not what I expected. Most sushi restaurants that list " crunch" mean the tempura flake, this one had slices of apple in it. It tastes fine, and good -- but it's also not chunks of yellowtail like the last lunch order I placed. It's spicy minced yellowtail with apple.. which again is fine, but misleading with the title. The shrimp tempura was one of the more messier versions I've gotten, with cucumbers falling out of the roll, that one is just OK. 

Miso soup saw little improvement, more seaweed this time, but I find a wopping total of 3 tofu floating around.. still skimpy. 

Moral of the story -- solid sushi fix for a fair price in the city, but don't get your hopes up.
I eat A LOT of sushi. I've tried a ton of places all over Philly and Sumo is one of my faves. I like it so much that my boyfriend and I have ordered the party boat for 6...a few times...for just us...and I don't regret it one bit. Party boats are well priced and include a nice mix of rolls and sashimi. Everything is always so fresh and the service is super friendly and never rushes you out. This is an awesome, well priced BYOB spot for a girls night or for a date. Can't say enough good things about this place!!
I have never eaten in, but I always do delivery and it is so simple and convenient to just do it over YELP app.

The sushi here is made so fresh and tastes really high quality. My favorite is the dragon roll, they also have lunch special that I always order from 3 rolls for $12
Me and my girlfriend have been so often that the waitress sees us come in a already knows what we want. 

Take out, delivery, and dinning in, it's all worth while. I love this place super hard.

Here's what I have to say. Location, location, location! I've been begging for sushi place near broad street for years that could stay in business for more that a month. This place is a gem if not for anything then at least for it's lunch specials. The Happy Lunch Specail is what I go for every time. 10 bucks for three rolls and miso soup.YUM! 

The food is good and hit's the spot every time. The staff are some of the nicest girls you'll meet and it's just become the place I go for a good meal before a show.
Better than Fuji Mountain and Vic's Sushi. I am a traditionalist and love shrimp tempura so I literally ordered the lunch special with eel avocado roll, shrimp tempura roll and a dragon roll. All had amazingly crunchy shrimp tempura and fresh avocado - hit the spot!! I also appreciate that we arrived at 3:05 on Saturday and they still honored lunch special (which is supposed to end at 3 PM M-Sat). Workers are always on their phones and look very unhappy so I wouldn't say the waitstaff was the best but good solid sushi!
Good avocado salad, good sushi, good sake. Bam.
Ordered lunch specials for myself and four others last Friday to be delivered to my office (lots of sushi!). Everything arrived right on time, and all of our soups were still hot. The spicy salmon roll is still a bit odd (texture wise), but everything was delicious. Very impressed with how they handled a large delivery order, and the lunch special pricing was great!
I live just a couple of blocks from this place and have been meaning to try it out for almost a year now. Had a date and we decided to check it out. I like the atmosphere, very calm and not loud...great place for a first date.I had the salmon love mixed platter. Two pieces of the salmon were not a good color, but tasted okay. The miso soup was hearty with clumps of crab...very good! I will return to give it a second chance, and I would suggest the place for sushi lovers.
This is our go to spot for take out. The rolls are an average price and delicious every time. They don't skimp for sure. I highly recommend the volcano roll - it's oversized and wrapped in soy paper. So good! Back before Covid we would actually go into the restaurant to eat. They had limited seating but we never felt rushed. 100% delicious.
I don't really know what good sushi is supposed to taste like (I've never been to Morimoto or anything), so this review is based on how good I expect any type of food to be.

It's okay. I'm not that impressed with it. It doesn't have me saying, "wow, this is awesome! I'm gonna come here every week!" It's just sushi, slightly above Wegman's or Whole Foods quality sushi, but nothing special.

I've been here a few times (long before I started Yelping and once recently), and this last time, it took ridiculously long to make two rolls. Mind you, there were only three other people in the restaurant, two of which hadn't ordered yet.

I rarely eat sushi, so I think I'm going to start trying other places (especially Vic, which another Yelper mentioned).
My favorite place to go for sushi with the girls on a Friday night. We always order the same thing to share - edamame followed by the Julia roll, Rock n' Roll, and Rainbow roll. The Julia roll isn't on the regular menu but they'll still make it for you. It is probably my favorite roll there and definitely worth ordering.  Last time we went, we were still hungry after our 3 rolls so we ordered a second Julia roll and were also given another Rock n' Roll on the house. Can't complain about that. The service there as always been good and they've never had a problem with us staying for a while to finish our food and drinks. We always manage to find ourselves there for at least 2 hours. Oh yes, Sumo Sushi is a byob so don't forget to bring a bottle (or several bottles) of wine.
Dang! This sushi bummed me out...saw the awesome reviews and gave it a go; constantly searching for a great sushi spot in philly, this was absolutely average at best. Delivered in a timely manner no complaints there... 
I love raw scallops and it's always hit or miss, these were a miss, not sweet at all indicating a lack of quality or freshness. The rest of my items were just kind of blah. Probably alright if you aren't too particular with what you're looking for and want "crunchies" and sauces....Sadly, I don't think I'll try Sumo again, threw almost all of it away.
my friend and i got the lunch special and a specialty roll!
1. dragon roll - amaaaazingggggggg!!!!! the avocado and the sauce and it was just amazing!
2. shrimp tempura - amAZINGGGGGGGG!!!!
3. California roll - it was okay...i felt like it had no flavor and wasn't all that tasty. 
4. avocado roll - it was okay, tasted good but not something i would go for first for next time!
**5. fried dumplings - came out hot and fresh! very crispy and the filling was vegetables and it was amazing.
Best go to sushi in town!    We order from here few times a month for years now. Never ever disappointed.  Everything is so good.  Friendly staff.  Get sushi for 4 best deal in the city.  They only use fresh ingredients here.  Fast delivery always on time.
Shout out to this business for providing an awesome COVID-19 take away experience.  We ordered online and the food was ready in 15 minutes for pickup!! I couldn't believe how quick. Just as an FYI their address changed from broad, they're now located on the corner of pine and 13th.

But wow! So delicious - I ordered four specialty rolls: red dragon roll, sumo special, Sukaro, and rainbow roll. Highly recommend ALL four. Everything was delicious and very fresh. We were craving sushi and this hit the spot! Also got a standard salmon and avocado roll - which was soo delicious (the salmon literally melts in your mouth).  Side note: they also included a complimentary seaweed salad this time which was the cherry on top. 

Definitely give this business a chance especially how kind and awesome they were when I picked up the food. Extremely appreciative and they did an amazing job having great quality food during this hard time! Will definitely order again.
