We've been fans of Sweet Box since tasting their cupcakes years ago when they were just a truck. We have since become really big fans of their midtown village storefront. 

Their "Jawn" is without a doubt one of the best desserts/snacks in all of Philly. It's TO. DIE. FOR!!! It's an edible funfetti dough bar smothered in buttercream frosting and topped with JIMMIES!! It's honestly outrageous, and is alone worth a visit, although their cupcakes and other goodies such as my kiddo's favorites, the chocolate covered edible chocolate chip cookie dough pops (say that one more time and let it sink in!!!!) are not to be overlooked! 

Cupcake stand outs for our crew are peanut-butter pretzel and cotton candy. They're light but packed full of flavor. 

Most recently we ordered a few Jawns and some cookie dough bites topped we topped with slim candles and fun themed toothpicks for a unique alternative to a traditional birthday cake for our daughter. It was such a huge hit!!! (A little "Jawn" goes quite a long way as it's super thick) 

A tad pricey but worth every penny. 

You cannot go wrong with anything here but if you're picking up jawns or dough bites to-go, remember they need to be refrigerated immediately. 

Ahhhhhh-mazing!! TRULY!!
I've been a fan of Sweet Box Cupcakes since the entire operation was run from a truck. Gretchen, the founder, is one of the sweetest women in the biz (no pun intended!). 

I volunteered to bring dessert to my sister's house, in celebration of a couple birthdays. I knew I wanted cupcakes, and I knew I wanted Sweet Box. Parking in the area is super tough, but I was lucky enough to grab a loading zone spot across the street. 

The variety of cupcakes was shockingly awesome - it was only a Wednesday, so not what I would expect to be a super busy day. I had trouble narrowing down my eight cupcake selection. In the end, I went with two funfetti-style, two chocolate chip cookie dough, two double chocolate, a strawberry champagne and a red velvet. My family and I had so much fun splitting the cupcakes in halves or quarters so that we could try a little of everything. These cupcakes are exactly the way I like them: perfectly fresh cake with a generous amount of sugary icing on top. That chocolate chip cookie dough cupcake gave me a sugar high - it was amazing! 

It should also be noted that the Sweet Box store has loads of other desserts as well - it's not just cupcakes! My only regret is that I didn't notice the Check-In Offer for $2 off until after I left the store. That only gives me more incentive to return sooner than later!
ODE TO A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE DOUGH CUPCAKE

I'm a cookie dough addict, straight up. Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream is a staple in my diet. 

That said, just as I was about to go on lunch break today, Sweetbox uploaded this picture of the most beautiful black, white, and tan thing I've ever laid eyes on. http://instagr.am/p/Lfz_jBmbsd/ Without even reading the description, I bolted to Love Park.

Fast forward 20 minutes, and I'm back at work, patiently (NOT AT ALL) eating my sandwich while gazing at the beauteous cupcake (because I'm a lady, and ladies wolf down our main courses before digging into dessert.) I begin by separating the top from the bottom, as is my custom. I take a tentative taste of the icing--vanilla. I then try the cake--also vanilla. I start to feel a little cheated--is this just a vanilla/vanilla cupcake with some chocolate chips thrown on top and a cute little cookie garnish? A little disappointed, I finish up the bottom part and move on to the top. Then, I note something under the top. It's mushy, tan, with black chips...

OMG FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT GOOD AND CHOCOLATEY--THERE'S A BIG GLOB OF COOKIE DOUGH WEDGED IN THE CUPCAKE.

I don't understand how it's possible. Wouldn't it bake in the oven? DOES THIS NOT VIOLATE ONE OR ALL OF EINSTEIN'S THEORIES?!?! Oh, who cares, because the fact is there is gooey cookie dough, of the same ilk as that which you dipped your fingers into when your mother wasn't watching and hoped to whatever holy baking entity you worship that you didn't get salmonella from. Not the fake stuff that you find in chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (though as mentioned previously, that doesn't stop me from eating it.) No, this is REAL COOKIE DOUGH. IN A CUPCAKE.

MIND = BLOWN.
Really?

*scratches head*

Seems like I'm the odd guy out but there is absolutely nothing mentionable about these cupcakes.

Wait, rewind that - there is absolutely nothing mentionable about these cupcakes in proportion to the price. 

I ended up here because one of my friends posted an mouthwateringly delicious picture of cupcakes from here off Instagram. From that day forward I made it my mission to try these and about a month ago I made that reality. We made it and decided on getting the butterfinger, regular vanilla (had jimmies), red velvet and a sweet potato that felt seasonal enough to try. I understand that when things are more "indulgent" there's a tendency to get a smaller amount but I was really unimpressed with these. Even splitting the flavors with a friend we pretty much got done each in two bites (not counting the unnecessarily mountainous sized globs of icing). Don't get me wrong - the flavors are good, very fresh and very distinct to each name. 

Essentially $5 a pop for one of these? Eh, just wasn't there for me. Neither was the service. Pricing one cupcake as such you really should provide more than a "Let me know what you need" and walkaway. No, hello - no, the flavors are ____, our specials/limited/ are ___....nothing. They clearly assume these cupcakes sell themselves and don't even bother to approach for someone that may be new to the shop.I get that cupcakes aren't rocket science but $5 cupcakes should at least come with a SMILE i mean sheeeesh!

 Honestly, I much prefer Brown Betty's (*cough* Brown Betty's on a GOOD fresh day) to these. I appreciated trying them (kudos for flavors) but I won't be returning. This spot kind of reminds me of the CONCEPT (Overpriced x Overhyped) of Baked by Melissa's in NY (Sweet Box being a LOT bigger size-wise) and I personally didn't find either place to be worth the value. 

Hey, call me petty for expecting customer service that correlates with price - call me a great at home baker that doesn't feel the need to spend on sweets - or dammit just call me CHEAP! Either way, personal opinion makes this a no-return for me.
I had to swing by my office and was craving something sweet so I placed an order for pick-up at Sweet Box on my way home this afternoon. This place has been on my bookmarks/bucket list for a hot minute. My co-workers have been raving about their cupcakes, but I personally wanted to try the "Jawn" because it's one of their most popular items. 

My order was placed through DoorDash, but Sweet Box is also listed on Caviar. Ordering was a breeze. You can choose what time you'd like to pick up and you receive an e-mail confirmation. I also received a text message when my order was ready. The cupcakes of the day are listed on their Instagram page. I decided to get the "Jawn" and a banana pudding. 

When my friend and I arrived, a woman was at the front unpacking some boxes and she asked for our names and handed us our orders. Fairly easy transaction. We asked if it was absolutely necessary to place the order on DoorDash (we know DoorDash makes a small profit off of the business and it sucks) but to our surprise, she said the cupcakes she had on display were still available and we don't necessarily have to order through the app if we know what we want when we stop in. She was very warm and welcoming and thanked us for stopping in. It was a little cramped in there, but I understand their working conditions must be tough right now with the pandemic going on. It's a strange time for everyone. 

The banana pudding was smooth and creamy. I'd love it if it came in a bigger size, but I was so satisfied with the flavor and I devoured it in 5 minutes. Haven't tried the "Jawn" yet but I'm super pumped to give it a whirl tomorrow! I could almost see rays of sunshine leaving the box as I opened it to snap a picture. Five stars all the way for Sweet Box! Can't wait to visit again.
Stopped by this place on our way to Mixto restaurant. Tried the cookies in the paper bag, brownie, and cupcakes. Let's start with the cookies. Where was the butter and golden brown color?These chocolate chip cookies were white. White. And tasted like nothing. I strongly believe it was a mistake batch meaning they forgot to add butter. The brownie was HUGE and once we ate it, it looked undercooked and did not taste good. The cupcakes were good. $4 each good? No way. My suggestion is to stick to just selling  cupcakes and come down on price AT LEAST .50 cent. $3.50 per cupcakes sounds better then $4. The size and taste is NOT worth $4, sorry.
I'm not a big fan of cupcakes, so naturally, I opt for the pudding over a cupcake!
Light, fluffy, yet smooth and slightly sweet pudding-oh boy!

Homemade creamy pudding? Check. 
Sliced fresh bananas? Check. 
Enough happy scoop of whipped cream for an instant mood changer? Check.

Sensational bananas pudding, so fresh, like a morning on the beach. Enough said!

Four Yelps!
Went down to the night market tonight mainly to try out these cupcakes and boy oh boy are they amazing!!!!  I think these are THE best in Philly hands down...super moist, perfect size and a real treat!
Run don't walk to this truck!
Finally, a brick and mortar location for the Sweet Box truck!  

I was able to try a bite of four different cupcakes that I grabbed to split  with a few girls at work.  We had the orange creamsicle, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, and strawberries and champagne.  Each one was delicious, but my favorite was by far the creamsicle.  It had the perfect balance of vanilla and orange flavor with neither becoming dominant at any point.  It also had the best cake texture, light and spongey, and the frosting was fluffy and perfectly sweetened.  I have had the strawberries and champagne cupcake from the truck before and remember loving it, however this time the cupcake was really dense and kind of dry, which I can only assume means it wasn't the freshest, but it was still very enjoyable.  In addition to the cupcakes I got, they had a few other flavors in stock, including one vegan option, and a cupcake that was flavored with beer!  

The cupcakes are $3.50 each or 4 for $13, which is pretty on par with the pricing at other cupcake shops in the area.  With this not too far from my house, I can see that I'm going to have to spend extra time working out to make up for all the cupcakes I see in my future!
I don't know how else to say this. How can I make it clear this is not mere hyperbole? I'll just come out with it. The Yard's Brawler Toffee Crunch cupcake I purchased from Sweet Box today is without a doubt the best cupcake I can remember eating, ever.

I've been let down by so many other bakeries. But the combination of beer in the cake batter and crunchy toffee involves two of my favorite things, so I put aside my skepticism and misgivings and joined my companions in patronizing the Sweet Box food truck at Mt. Airy Street Fare.

The cupcakes are modest in size and cost $3 each. I would gladly pay that again, knowing the level of quality. My cupcake was moist and fresh. I bit in and experienced the soft yieldingness of the cake, the light sweetness of the icing, the crunch and butteriness of the toffee. The cake, to my surprise, was chocolate-flavored in addition to being flavored with beer. I normally do not like chocolate cake and don't order it. (I'm weird, I know.) Well, this cake tasted amazing. They are clearly using very high-quality chocolate here.

The cupcake reminded me a bit of European sweets in that it was not overly sweet.

I've tried so many cupcakes at different bakeries over the years and always there was something out of whack. Too sweet, too dry, too much icing, etc. This cupcake I ate today was absolute cupcake perfection. Sweet Box is setting the standard.
A cupcake from Sweet Box was an unexpected surprise this past week. Guapos Tacos had ventured out to UCity, so I was waiting in line for some tacos when the cupcake truck appeared. Obviously it was a sign from God that I was meant to eat dessert. At $2.50 a cupcake, it's a bit pricey - but as an occasional indulgence I'm happy to shell out a few bucks for some sweetness. 
My cupcake was delicious. I had a chocolate peanut-butter cupcake, which was moist and delicious. It came in a cardboard box which traveled better than the plastic boxes from  the Cupcake Lady. The truck itself is adorable - a pink and brown kind of paisley pattern. Hard to miss!
I don't love cupcakes enough to stalk the truck, but the next time we cross paths I will definitely stop to enjoy another cupcake.
I've been converted. Yes it's overpriced, $4 for a cupcake, and even for a non-cupcake fan like myself... I have to give my allegiance to them now. 

Their cupcakes are by the far the best I've had (better than Georgetown cupcakes!) 
Why? 
- Perfection in the level of sweetness a human being ought to be having (none of that diabetic frosting) 
- Rich and moist cake texture a cupcake ought to have 
- Natural creamy smooth frosting that compliments the flavor it is representing

Must try: 
- red velvet 
- pumpkin spice
- green tea matcha (not always sold- check their Instagram) 
- CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES! $5 for a bag
These are amazing cupcakes. By far the best I've had in Philly, and as good as anywhere, really. My first experience was the PB&J and I was totally gobsmacked at how good it was. I got a sixpack for a party and took a sliver of a bunch of flavors. All delicious. I try not to go here, which is a compliment.
I approached the sweetbox cupcake truck today at the 2nd street fair in northern liberties. I heard it was good but had no idea how good it truly was. This truck has ruined cupcakes for me. I can't imagine eating one that is not from here. I had the chocolate peanut butter one. Though it wasn't only the food that was great, the owner was also super friendly and fun to talk to. She hasn't seen the last of me, haha
I used to be a huge fan of Sweet Box, I remember the days when they were just a truck at Love Park. But it seems that their expansion has caused them to lose sight of providing good quality service.

Don't get me wrong, their pastries are still delicious and its good quality stuff but not for the price point. I'm all about supporting local businesses, but some of their prices are extremely unreasonable. 

Two years ago, I ordered a fantastic green tea tiramisu cake that was 8 inches for my sister's birthday. The cake was about $80. The service was awesome, things were delivered to me in a timely matter. Last year, I called the owner to place the same order for my sister's birthday again. I called her twice, left a voicemail, and even emailed her. I didn't get a single response, which was extremely unprofessional. 

This year, I went to the store front to try and place an order once again for my sister's birthday. The cashier informed me that they do not take special orders in the store (makes no sense at all), instead I must call the owner. I told her what happened last year and I didn't want to go through the same process. She took down my name and number to tell the owner to call me back, but of course the owner never did. Instead, the cashier called me back the next day informing me that if I wanted the green tea tiramisu cake it would cost $125. I asked her why the cake was priced so high, she informed me that I should speak with the owner. She also said that dairy product prices have gone up recently which also contributed to the mark up. I'm sorry, but many basic commodities have gone up such as gas but the price of a cake doesn't skyrocket in just 2 years. For $125, I can get on the Megabus and go to New York City to get a 10 inch green tea tiramisu cake at one of the world's best bakeries, Lady M and come back on the Megabus to Philly with an even better cake.

I'm sorry, but I will be taking my money elsewhere for pastries in Philadelphia. The ultimate lesson is that this place lacks professionalism from the owner. The markup is not worth it, and there are many other bakeries in Philly.
The cupcakes at Sweet Box, while pricey, are very good.  I have no problem paying extra for a quality product and often do, especially for food.  What I do have a problem with is supporting a business with bad service.  Doing so affirms this kind of behavior is okay.

Normally, I would disregard a less than friendly interaction, but on each of the three times I have visited this place, I have been extremely turned off.  It's really too bad because I enjoyed my cupcakes, and what is most unfortunate is the person guilty of the rudeness appears to be the owner, or at least in a managerial position.

She has:
- looked annoyed as I perused the options while staring at me impatiently (sorry, but not everyone has been staring at that display case all day too)
- never acknowledged my presence while walking into the tiny shop until I initiated the transaction (not even eye contact)
- always been immersed in a loud and annoying conversation that she is too unwilling to part from to serve
- made snappy comments to her employees that have made me a little uncomfortable

If you are so much better than to acknowledge a customer, I guess you must be doing really well yourself.  In that case, good for you, you don't need my loyalty from the neighborhood anyway.

I can't give only one star because like I said, the product is delicious.  I want to be fair to this business and the review reader in admitting that.  However, I won't be returning and will be looking to buy somewhere that values my support... or doesn't look pissed that I'd like to order at least.
These cupcakes are delicious but you have to make sure to eat them fresh!
The cake is moist and the icing is an awesome edition to every single bite.
I must honestly say that I have only tried two of the cupcakes from this truck. The red velvet (i really like this one) and the chocolate raspberry (fresh raspberries).
The first time i bought a cupcake from Sweet Box I was having a so-so day. I decided, "meh, why not?" and bought myself the red velvet cupcake. Although they are 2.50-2.75 they are worth it. The next time I saw the truck I didnt think twice before stopping and buying myself a cupcake.
I would suggest trying this truck. Dont knock it til you try it :P
The Red Velvet that changed my life! 

She came to my job last week and since then I have been trying to get to her to satisfy this intense craving I have for her Red Velvet Cupcake. Let me begin by saying this, I am not a fan of Red Velvet, I think it has been done over and over again, and not in a good way.  I have had it from some of the best bakeries on the east coast and none have really tickled my fancy. So as I discussed my lament over Red Velvet with the truck owner, which she understood,  she guaranteed me that hers was different. In my mind I said, I have heard this a thousand times before, but no one has been able to meet the challenge (yes I am still talking about the cupcake, lol). Well not only did she meet the challenge she beat it hands down. Her Red Velvet is amazing, it was so layered with flavor but not overpowering I was almost in tears when I was eating it. First, I could taste the chocolate flavor and don't get me started on that cream cheese frosting, I could probably eat the frosting all by itself. If nothing else, taking from a non Red Velvet fan and taste hers, you wont be disappointed. 

Who knew, a chance encounter would change most strong disdain into a strong desire!
My co-worker and I have been on a hunt for the perfect cupcake.  And Sweet Box might just be IT!  Probably the best cupcakes in Philly - tied with Sweet Elizabeth's in Manayunk.  I accidentally came across Sweet Box on my walk from work and did a slight backtrack because I loved their cute display.  I decided to go in just to see what it was all about - which of course meant that I had to try one.  They had so many fresh and exciting flavors.  It was really hard to commit to just one, so I decided to get a whole slew for my coworkers so I could live vicariously through them.  I tried the pumpkin chocolate chip, which was very good.  The cake was slightly spiced and there weren't too many chocolate chips to overpower the pumpkin.  My coworkers loved the orange creamsicle - it tasted just like a popsicle and even had a little bit of cream filling on the inside.  The strawberries & champagne was light and fluffy, and the red velvet was just a classic.  We agreed that all of their cupcakes had a nice moist texture and the icing was a creamy and delicious buttercream type icing.  I also didn't realize that Sweet Box started as a cupcake truck and then they opened up a little shop.  Way to go Sweet Box!  So glad I found this place for my cupcake emergencies!
I've been seeing the cupcakes from this bakery on Instagram often and people raving about how good they are. I also heard my brother talking about this place non stop also so I needed to try something from here and see what the hype is all about. 

My brother ended up grabbing me a half dozen when he was in the area working. I ended up cutting the cupcakes up and sharing them with my sister and her bf. We did a little cupcake wars taste test of each cupcake piece and critiqued them and basically said if we enjoyed them or not. 

My favorite was the chocolate chip cookie dough cupcake because it had edible cookie dough on top and in the middle which was tasty. As far as the other cupcakes, the cake was a bit dry and didn't match the hype around this place. 

I tried the edible cookie dough by itself and really liked it. I would go myself one day and get different cupcakes so I can see which one is my second favorite. I enjoyed tasting the different cupcakes and think they are creative with putting all kinds of toppings on them, and for the fact they sell cookie dough that is edible is awesome. I would definitely come down here one day and grab my own baked goods.
They were at the Science Festival Carnival this weekend and I splurged and got the strawberry cupcake with champagne infused buttercream.  Worth the $3!
Having eaten what probably amounts to hundreds of cupcakes from various cupcakeries over the past few years, I feel confident that the description of a two star rating "Meh, I've experienced better" is accurate for Sweet Box. Naturally I looked up cupcakeries before visiting Philly and decided I had to try this place. I only got the chocolate birthday cake and I have to say, there was nothing special about it. There was nothing WRONG with it, but there was nothing that stood out about it either. The chocolate frosting was very fudgy and I prefer a smoother texture, but the cake wasn't anything special either. $4 for a cupcake is on the higher end, and having spent much time at really good cupcakeries in the DC area that don't charge this much for a single cupcake, I can't figure out how Sweet Box gets away with this. When I go to new cupcakeries, I have the intention of taking two (one for right there and one to go), and I'm glad I only took one from here and made my way to another cupcake place. 

Other gripes: The two women working there didn't seem the least bit friendly, and the space is TINY. My husband and I walked in and there was another woman there with a stroller and two kids. It was near impossible maneuvering around the stroller and two kids to look at the cupcakes and then to pay. If I go back to Philadelphia, I don't think I'll be going back to Sweet Box.
I could just die thinking about how awesome the red velvet cupcakes are!!!!!!! Decadent! Oh lala! I am from the camp of if you are going to eat a sweet you better make it worth it and they are!!
So here's the deal good people. I am a cupcake addict. I'm not sorry. I LOVE cupcakes more than any other dessert. I've had them all over the world and right here my friends, right here in my hometown of Philadelphia, is the best cupcake on earth. 

I present to you, the black and white milkshake cupcake. 

The skies opened and the angels sang the moment I saw this perfect little cake. I don't know what elfin' magic is goin' on in that sweet little bakery, but this cupcake actually tastes like a fluffy light milkshake. It's heaven. 

So far I've had chocolate ganache, mint chip, vanilla vanilla, red velvet (a serious contender for second place favorite), cookie dough and every dang one is fabulous. 

Perfect balance of icing to cake. Just insanely wonderful. Go get a dozen!!
Not only are the cupcakes very good but the lemon bars and the banana pudding are to die for!
Really good strawberry champagne cupcakes too (no I did not drop it...).
If you follow Any Philly foodie social media...You've DEF come across a picture of a glorious "jawn" from this place with envy.

(effective marketing)

It's a cake topped with cookie dough topped with frosting. It's ridiculous. It's bigger than your palm. It's a brick. It's a beautiful sugar brick that has beckoned me for years.
(non-Philly locals, "jawn" is a slang term native to our city.  It can substitute near any noun.)

 And I recently decided it was time to find it for myself.

Sweet Box is located on a cute corner of south-ish Philly, almost easy to miss, adorned with lights. The staff was super friendly, the many cupcake flavors tempting, but I was here for: The Jawn.

PLOT TWIST there's TWO Jawns:  the Dirty Jawn (oreo) and the original Jawn (funfetti). 

I went with the OG.

I was expecting a sickingly sweet sugar bomb--but, surprisingly, it was somehow balanced.  Though most definitely rich - plan to share it with a friend, or have it over 2-4 sittings depending on your tolerance.  It's a little expensive, but not really considering its dense and massive.

I feel complete now, somehow.  Like I've leveled up as a local foodie.
On Saturday 12/5 ran into this quaint little bakery to grab last minutes cupcakes for a friends bday. There was on other patron in the shop who was wrapping up his transaction as I arrived. The young lady who waited in me was VERY bubbly and pleasant. She was patient as I selected 6 different cupcakes and added a banana pudding to my order. They offer candles and other trinkets for sale upon check out. I had the pleasure experiencing the strawberry shortcake cupcake which was DELICIOUS!! I MUST TRY. 
Please note parking was challenging I had to circle the block 3 times and walk back a block. Also this is located on the right hand side on the corner.
I would like to amend my review. I was contacted by someone from Sweet Box very shortly after posting my sad review about the store being closed and they were extremely apologetic, professional, and courteous. They offered me a half dozen cupcakes on them which was beyond sweet and unexpected. 

I really appreciate that they took the time and effort to mend our relationship. I am once again, in love with Sweet Box cupcakes.
Definitely a 5 star for this popular cupcake truck! I never had a dry cupcake from her and I've eaten quite a few (body suffers from this lol) frostings are whipped an creamy my favorite way! My all time fave is the "Hot cocoa"! Keep up the good work Sweetbox. See ya soon :)
I used to be a big fan of the cupcakes at Naked Chocolate, the one on Walnut Street. Then something happened -- change of ownership, mission creep, I don't know -- and the cupcakes got bigger. Much, much bigger. They also got less tasty and slightly more garish. I was sad. I stopped getting cupcakes. 

But now there are no complaints here, because now I can save up all my cupcake energy for Sweet Box. I appreciate the slightly more petite size, because they are packed with proper flavors. No powdered-sugar taste in the frosting, just a rich creaminess that is harder to get, but so worth it! They are also more complex than the average cupcake. Often it's just one note, sweet + fat. These are more delicate, more interesting -- and like I said, the perfect size. 

My only complaint is that they don't set up often enough! 38th and Walnut, please?
Utter perfection! Whenever I'm traveling or exploring locally, I try as many different bakeries as I can and always sample their cupcakes too. By far this place has been the best. I had the chocolate peanut butter cupcake, and the chocolate cake part was intensely cocoa-y and rich/dark, moist and held together. The frosting was absolutely amazing too. Fluffy, whipped and light, with a hint of cream cheese and a delicious, smooth peanut butter taste. The texture, flavor, and decadence was just spot on.

I also tried two of their cake donuts (chocolate salted caramel & oreo chocolate), all of which are baked (not fried) - but you wouldn't tell the difference. Equally perfect. Similar intense chocolate cake, in addition to a ganache-type frosting, as opposed to the grossly candy-sweet chalky frosting you usually get on donuts. The ganache was rich and chocolate-y, not overly sweet, and creamy - perfect drizzled w/ the salted caramel. Solid, but melt-in-your-mouth once you eat it. Oreo frosting was a bit sweeter, but it's an oreo donut. 

I think what really makes the difference is the quality of the cake (and the construction of the frosting) - just a very deep, high-quality dark chocolate cocoa taste that differentiates this place from others. Second is that their products aren't overly sweet and have the perfect level of richness/creaminess + texture.
All of these cupcake trucks have eluded my review because I can't EVER find them! But once I learned that Sweetbox was finally opening a brick and mortar location, I put the date on my calendar to visit the moment they opened. I couldn't make opening day, but I did make it there a few days later, and the shop is super tiny and cute. It's really just meant for take away (the great thing about cupcakes is that they're instantly portable), although I think they had just a few seats available. I had a hard time deciding between flavors, and after talking to the owner for a bit decided to try out the tiramisu cupcake since she highlighted the mascarpone frosting used.

Warning: I'm biased due to my own tiramisu cupcake recipe, which my friends and family love, so I approached this with a fair amount of comparison. Their tiramisu cupcake is good, but not great, and didn't scream tiramisu flavor. The vanilla cupcake has a light moist crumb, and a very, very light flavor. The mascarpone frosting is dense, creamy, and sweet, with a glaze of what must be coffee on top, but I couldn't get a mascarpone flavor from the frosting, and the glaze was a little confusing. Overall, it just didn't taste like biting into tiramisu, which was disappointing. But at least I know that all of the components are made and baked very well, so I'll just have to try another flavor to know for sure that this is a great bakery for cupcakes - review update to come! :)
Delicioussss red velvet cupcake! The cake is very soft and fresh, and the cream cheese frosting was absolutely perfect (sweet but not too sweet and delicately soft). It might actually be the best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.
I am a sweet tooth with feet. I love dessert, more than the meal. And even though we eat out in Center City, a lot, we hardly ever get dessert because all of the wonderful restaurants, with their awesome chefs, and incredible meals, suck like box fans when it comes to their dessert menus. 

So last night, after an wonderfully, delicious, satisfying meal, before the server came back to ask about dessert, I Google map searched for nearby dessert. There where tons of other restaurants where I know dessert is underwhelming, and Insomnia Cookies (LOL) then this place. 

It was only a 5 minute walk from where we were to Sweet Box and we'd been down that block 100 times but never noticed the place, but in we went and boy were we glad.

I got the impression the 2 women behind the counter owned the place. The woman waiting on us, was nice, but coulda have been friendlier. The cupcakes are $4 each or 4 for $15. She mentioned the price several times, in awkward ways. We got the impression that she thought we couldn't or wouldn't want to afford it? Perhaps people balk and she just wanted to make sure? Anyway, that was slightly off putting but we'd still go back. 

Back home with our 4 cupcakes, we ate the bDay cake ones first.  Hot deeeeeyam. The cake part was moist and flavorful and the inch high layer of frosting was perfect. The Apple pie cupcake had a big struessal crust that overhung the cake, and then that was topped with, yes, and inch of frosting with crunch topping. The cake part had an Apple pie filling center. I loved this one most. I didn't taste my husband's black/white milkshake one for fear of losing a finger, but he assured me it was "decent" which to him is "super tremendous."

As we'd have paid four bucks in the restaurant for a sliver of cake with a pretty sauce swirl drawn on the plate, I don't see the cost as too much. We'll definitely gonna be back.
This place is great! The cupcakes are very large (perfect for sharing!) and soft.  Not dry whatsoever!  They pay so much attention to detail and I love that they even take the time to create a specific frosting for each cupcake flavor unlike so many other places who have one frosting used on every type.  We bought a half dozen last weekend to bring to a family members house and they were gone so quick!
I ordered a dozen and a half of these cupcakes a week or so ago for a friends 30th birthday party.  They were a huge hit!  I got a nice variety of flavors.  Everyone commented on how great they were.  I will definitely use Sweet Box again soon! They were delicious!
Tried vanilla vanilla. Cake was moist but thick and bit grainy. Icing was made of vanilla buttercream, which was too much for the amount of cake. the price is a bit on high side.
Holy Toledo! These cupcakes are absolutely AMAZING!!!

I've had them multiple times, but last week we got some during the Chinatown Night Market. We grabbed a four pack: pumpkin chocolate chip, red velvet, apple strudle, and salted carmel chocolate. They were so moist, the cake was full of flavor, and the frosting was to die for!!

If you see this truck around, you have to stop and grab a cupcake or 6!
They have amazing cupcakes I had their red velvet, blue velvet , milkshake ,gnocchi, and champagne they all where moist and fresh the icing  wasn't to sweet and the actual  bakery was decorated so nice in the inside they are  kind of high for cupcakes but they are a little bigger than your average cupcake
The cupcake was good, but when I went there I really had my mind set on getting that Cookie dough cupcake that received such good ratings. I was sad that it wasn't available!
We stopped by Sweet Box Cupcakes this morning. The place was small and empty, but very cute. All of the desserts looked amazing, so I was really excited to try something. I got the Lemon Bar, and my boyfriend got the Dirty Jawn. 

Overall, we were both pretty disappointed in what we got, especially considering the great reviews. The textures were great but the flavors were not good. The lemon bar didn't taste lemony. It was sweet and artificial tasting, with a hint of lemon. No tartness. Nothing like a traditional lemon bar. When I tried the Dirty Jawn, all I could taste was sugar. It didn't have any distinct flavor. You couldn't get the Oreo flavor. We took a few bites and ended up throwing most of it away. It was $14 wasted.
*Yawn* or shall I say *jawn*. 

I got the funfetti jawn, which has a layer of cake, cookie dough, and frosting. Let me prefix this by saying I am a sweets LOVER and I also got banana pudding and a cupcake from a nearby bakery because thats how much of an addict I am. 

The bar had potential but it just didn't meet the mark. It was cold as if it had been refrigerated, which made the cake layer hard and dry. Combined with cookie dough and frosting it was all too sweet. I think this dessert was made for instagram and not our mouths.
I bake semi-professionally, and cupcakes are my speciality, so I have beyond high expectations (few compare to mine). Although I will vehemently insist I created the Irish Potato cupcake, these are hands down the best cupcakes I have ever had in my life. BETTER than mine. I seek out cupcake and donut places in every new city I visit, so these are the real deal. The icing is superb and the cake is moist. Both are the perfect consistency and flavor. Nothing special to look at, honestly, but everything else makes up for their humble appearance.
When my family grew too large for the city we moved to the burbs and never looked back. I hate going into the city. Almost nothing is worth dealing with the pedestrians that don't know how to cross a street. Sometimes I have to brave the city traffic in order to escape the dated bakery offerings of the suburbs. Sweet Box is my spot!

Strawberry Champagne was my ride or die until I discovered how amazing Red Velvet is. My affair turned into polyamory bliss when Birthday Cake was added to the group. Sometimes you need a classy guy to go home to. My cupcake commitment may be weak but I'm committed to making a stop at Sweet Box when I have to go into the city. Think of it as having a glass of wine before your mother in law visits. 

Sweet Box knows cream cheese frosting. You can taste that they do this for life. I'll admit, I hate cream cheese. I'm more of a buttercream girl. However, the frosting at Sweet Box has me stepping out yet again. It's the perfect amount of tangy without being overly sour and of course it is perfectly sweet. I recommend doing the deed at room temperature. That's when the flavors really set off my fireworks. 

When you feel like being really naughty, treat yourself to the fudge. I took mine home and things got a little heated (microwave). Then we added some ice cream to the fun. Best I've ever had. 

I look forward to our next steamy encounter.
Sorry to disappoint you, but I'm not the biggest fan of edible cookie dough, which I get is this place's whole schtick. Despite that, I'm sure you can tell that their other things are equally delicious and rich! I bought a lemon bar and the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cupcake, which both shocked the heck out of me in price, but when I ate them I realized "Hmm, okay, I get it" because this isn't your bakery-section-in-the-market dessert.

The lemon bar was super lemony and the crust was buttery and held together well. The cupcake was standard chocolate cake, but the icing is literally a peanut butter heaven. I don't know how one makes icing that rich in PB flavor without turning the whole thing into gook lumped on a cake, but do yourself a favor (if you're not allergic!) and try this!
Just stopped in here and, boy, am I disappointed from last couple of visits (probably a year ago and then a year before that at Night Market). 

This time, I got a Birthday Cake and Brown Sugar Cookie Dough.

the Birthday Cake (essentially vanilla on vanilla with rainbow sprinkles) was mediocre at best.  wasnt anything I couldn't make--i.e. didnt seem step above and the reason you would buy 1 for 1/2 the cost of making a batch yourself.

the ratio of icing to cake is way off. happy for the huge amount of icing but wish there had been more cupcake to support it. there was about 3/4 icing and 1/4 cake. seemed like not truly even a full cupcake. I think worst part about it was the cake itself was crumbly and not that good.

ALSO I get that it's an issue to run a store and pay overhead on a few baked goods alone--and the only way to make $ is to cut down on size and increase prices but at $4 each, and the only thing you are making, it should be spectacular. and it wasnt. $4 is overpriced (other bakeries are $3-$3.5 a cupcake) as well BUT if it was off the charts, I would not complain--given what I stated about hard to run a storefront...

the Brown Sugar Cookie Dough just seemed like a Vanilla on Vanilla with brown sugar added into the cake and icing mix; and a drop of Brown Sugar Cookie Dough (dark choc chip cookie dough) in the center.

totallllly underwhelmed :( ...will not be returning in future for cupcakes... i may give one last chance and try one of their huge cookie dough brownies but I think I will stick to Brown Betty (CONSISTENTLY YUM) for cupcakes (as well I def want to give Whipped a try!)
I have been visiting Sweetbox since they opened on 13th street. I loooovee their cupcakes! My favorite cupcakes (and I have tried many) are the chocolate stout peanut butter pretzel and the chocolate truffle. I also love their brownie (had the heart shaped brownie last Valentine's Day). Yum yum and more yum!
I got the chocolate ganache cupcake and it was super dry! I was so excited to try this place since I absolutely love cupcakes but was super disappointed! I don't know if it was dry because it had been sitting out too long! I think it's pretty pricy for the quality that you receive! I've had Lancaster cupcakes and sweet Ts and they were so much better and worth every penny!
It's tough to make a good cupcake! It's also tough when you have delicious cupcake competition to compare to. I got a sampling of 6 cupcakes: the key lime pie, chocolate truffle, birthday cake, strawberry champagne, peanut butter chocolate, and chocolate chip cookie dough. They were all just... okay :-/ My favorite part of the experience was the complementary celebratory cupcake picks that have various messages on them to include with your cupcakes, such as "happy birthday", or "happy mothers day". They also had candles! I wish the experience could have been tastier, but seems like plenty of other people think these cupcakes are delicious!
I've been remiss in writing this review but now since I'm going back again to get some cupcakes tonight it reminded me to make a point to give a shout out!
I first read about this bakery via Inquirer and was able to secure some of the last cupcakes of the day on my way home
Just walking into the shop it is clear that REAL baking occurs here unlike a lot of trendy cupcake shops where its clear they are baked off site (possibly days ahead) and you end up with a sad overpriced dry cupcake
That is absolutely not the case here!!!
I bought a half dozen to take with me to a dinner party
It was around St. Patrick's Day so I got a bailey's, a PB, a strawberries n' champagne...and three others that I can't remember the exact flavors but all were delicious

Mind you, I'm an amateur home baker who makes cakes for people's weddings, parties etc so when I spend my own money on someone else's baked goods, they better pass muster!
I tried about half of the flavors and I can say every one had a perfect crumb, they were moist and flavorful and unique too which was nice
As I said I am going back again tonight, the true test of any new shop!
You won't be disappointed

BONUS: at least the first time I went, the shop owner/proprietor/baking guru was behind the counter serving me and she was extremely nice and friendly and you could tell she is passionate about her work (and it shows in the amazing cupcakes she makes!)

Hope this place sticks around as I am a HUGE fan!
The icing is rich but not too sweet and the cupcakes are always very fresh. By far, the best I have had in Philly!
My beautiful and lovely coworker and friend just brought in an orange creamsicle cupcake from sweet box. I just had it for breakfast.  Pardon me...  I just came out of an orgasmic sugar coma...it was sooooooo out of this world!  I am a calorie conscious person and I hate wasting calories on things that aren't worth it.  This cupcake was worth the calories.  The orange popsicle even has a creamy inside.  OMG...that made my day!  I totally didn't expect it!  I can't wait to try all the flavors....this place rocks!  Blows away Brown Bettys!!!!
I stopped in here one afternoon to satisfy my sweet tooth. I got a cupcake, a s'mores tart and two cookie sandwiches. 

The cupcake was by far and away my favorite purchase. It was AMAZING. Moist, flavorful, excellent icing to cake ratio. I want to say the flavor I got was vanilla chocolate milkshake? Man. It was amazing. 
The s'mores tart was also very good- chocolate chip cookie base, I think it had some graham cracker in it too, topped with chocolate ganache and then toasted marshmallow. It took me two sittings to eat it, and I was annoyed that the marshmallow kept sticking to the paper they wrapped it in, but really nice. 

Then because I am a fat kid, I also got two cookie sandwiches. A chocolate chip and a sugar. The sugar cookie was my favorite of the two. It was just right. Frosting filling and the sugar cookie were delicious. The chocolate chip I didn't like quite as much. I'm not sure if the frosting was the same in the two sandwiches, but I don't think it was. Surprisingly I didn't think the filling in the chocolate chip sandwich went with it as well as the sugar cookie. I still ate it all. 
The girl at the counter greeted me when 
I came in and asked if she could help me with something specific, but when I asked her questions she couldn't really give me answers. 
I'd go back to try more amazing cupcakes!
3 Stars for Taste.  -3 Stars for Customer Service

I had the opportunity to FINALLY score a cupcake from Sweet Box during the Food Truck Roundup.  I've been wanting to try their cupcakes for months!

There was a contest between two trucks for best peach dessert (actually 3 trucks but the 3rd wasn't able to attend).  Sweet Box won HANDS down for flavor.  They completely lost for customer service.  I will say she realized she was being curt/short with us and tried to clean it up but it was too late - she blew it.  I did vote for them to win because the contest WAS based on the recipe/taste/cupcake.  

Friendly service is key because I DON'T have to spend my money here.  I'm helping you - not the other way around.

So...yelpers...take your business elsewhere and be treated with a smile.  You can score cupcakes at another truck who appreciate your business.
YUM! Had the pleasure of sampling these delectable cupcakes at Fairmount Night Market last evening (during my one-week dieting hiatus, of course, in which I am hitting up Night Market and Rittenhouse Festival, ha). So, unf, while the Night Market itself was pretty annoying, Sweet Box made it [almost] worthwhile. Fincy & I tried 4, with the Maple Bacon Pancake and  Choc Brawler Crunch (choc batter whipped with Yards Beer topped with Creamcheese Icing sprinked with Toffee...I think) being the BEST. Was left wishing I had these all to myself ; p

The Chocolate Ganache was good but not as brimming with chocolate flavor that I want in a Choc Ganache so only 4 stars/5 for that one. Espresso Choc Hazelnut Praline while it looked like a masterpiece was probably the least flavorful of the 4--surprising due to the ingredients list. 

Although after reviewing this review, i realize it may just be their Cream Cheese icing that I am in love with. I do wish the cupcake was a smidge less crumbly.

I also love that each cupcake had awesome presentation as well, and they don't just churn out a mini cake with a dollop of icing on top like some other cupcake shops. there is artistry in the presentation and for $3.25 each, yes, i want taste & artistry. and i am happy to report that that's what I got: taste & artistry!!

Cant wait to try more flavors!.....I saw something about a must-try Cookie Dough one in a few other reviews. gotta get my mitts on that fo' sho'. luckily, i read they just opened a retail shop so i'm gonna get me one ..or two...dozen :)
Sweet Box Cupcakes has won my personal version of Philadelphia cupcake wars.

I love cupcakes and have tried many cupcake bakeries. I always start off with the red velvet because that is my litmus test of how good a bakery is since it's pretty standard. I hunted down the Sweet Box store front on S 13th St to give it a try. I managed to get the last red velvet that day and carried it away in a Chinese take out container. I held back my urge to eat it immediately. When I got home I treated myself with probably the most delicious red velvet I have EVER had. The cake was moist (but not sticky) and had a great flavor. The cream cheese icing was the proper consistency and wasn't overpoweringly sweet. The cupcake had a good icing to cake ratio. [yeah, I can go on all day about how awesome it was, but I think you should just try it for yourself. ;) ]

So of course, I went searching for the truck, less than 2 weeks later. I was tempted to get the red velvet again, but decided I should explore other flavors. I had the vegan Espresso Hazlenut and was not disappointed. I think it's safe to say no matter what flavor you get, you will be more than satisfied with your decision. 

I have added this business on Facebook and Twitter so I can keep up with different flavors offered each day. I look forward to try every cupcake on the menu! =)
Unique and tasty cupcakes...with just the right icing:cupcake ratio.  Some seasonal selections, also delicious...as are their baked goods (the cookie dough brownie is sinfully good).  A friendly staff tops this place off !
This little gem, located just past Dirty Frank's, was such a delight to explore! It's small and cozy, and full of some of the tastiest looking baked goods. However, we had one treat on our mind - the edible cookie dough "Doughlicious". 

My sister and I went to town and got three different flavors - peanut butter and marshmallow fluff, s'mores, and cake batter. There were no misses between the three, but we all had our favorites. She wanted more n' more s'mores, I couldn't get enough of that Fluffernutter, and my partner found his way into the cake batter - that was the last we saw of it! He couldn't get enough of the little white chocolate chips mixed in with the sprinkles.

I'll admit, my initial thought was "$5? But that scoop looks so small!" Boy was I wrong - we actually couldn't get through our single scoops - I finished mine about two days later after using a few bites as desserts for several meals. I'm so glad this trend came to Philadelphia, and it's no surprise that Sweet Box was the first to jump on board!
These are hands down the best cupcakes in Philly. They have a great selection and tons of unique flavors as well as everyone's favorites such as chocolate, vanilla, and red velvet. My favorite flavors are chocolate chip cookie dough, ultimate lemon, and Butterfingers but it is impossible to pick a bad flavor here. 
Prices are reasonable, and the cupcakes are delicious. 

I have also tried several of their brownies and other treats, there isn't a bad thing here. They also do adorable cakes and decorations for each holiday.
I've heard of this cupcake food truck craze but never got to actually try it until I was strolling down 13th Street and saw the store. I was scrounging up my loose dollar bills and change because I hardly carry cash. Let's just say I only had enough for 3 cupcakes but I wanted more...what can I say? I love cupcakes! 

The boyfriend ate one so I don't even know how that tasted but it must have been good cause he just shoveled it in his mouth. I had the chocolate and banana and boy did I fall in love! The quality and taste was so distinctive that I would be able to differentiate it between Philly Cupcake and Buttercream Cupcake Truck. I absolutely enjoyed every morsel that I may have been caught licking the wrappers as I walked through the Gayborhood..how embarrassing!!! Ohh well, I did not regret it.
Sweetbox has the perfect blend of moist delicious cake and the best sweet icing just enough.  The decadent chocolate ganache cake is a chocolaty heaven.  To top it off the owner is the sweetest person.  A must try cupcakes might be trendy but delicious consistent ones are timeless and well worth it!
Sweet Box has excellent cupcakes. They are by far the best I have tried in the area. The cup cakes are not overly sweet and the cake is moist. The icing is made with butter cream or cream cheese and is really great. Sweet Box uses the right ratio to icing and cake also. 

Some of my favorites are sweet potato pie, red velvet and peanut butter. I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the cupcakes at Sweet Box!
Some of the BEST cupcakes in the city. Lots of different flavors and you can never be disappointed. My favorite is the Very Vanilla Oreo. It tastes just like a Golden Oreo but better. 

There are lots of unique flavors but also traditionals and all are soooo good! Love sweet box!
I read the reviews and had to try this place. It is off the beaten path for the "tourist" but the neighborhood is in a nice location. The store front is cute and the desserts are displayed in an attractive manner. I wanted to try a lot of things offered but decided on the strawberry champagne cupcake. It has a very appealing presentation and the actual cake was moist. Again like almost all the bakeries they put too much icing on top and it just isn't enjoyable. The icing was flavorful but I'm more of the cake person than the sugar aholic. The icing had shaved white chocolate on top which added great flavor. Overall it was an enjoyable dessert but I would not purchase the same item again.
Really good pumpkin chocolate chip cupcakes and customer service (they comped us on a cupcake after my son dropped his on the ground trying to cut it in half). They also recommended the pumpkin cupcake and it was fabulous. Very moist and tasty. The chocolate cupcake we tried (not the one that fell) was decent as well, but the pumpkin ones are the way to go.
Great cupcakes (especially the pumpkin chocolate chip), banana pudding, and gingerbread cookies make this a wonderful place for your carb fix. Friendly owners and employees!
I'm a cupcake lover. I can skip over other desserts but a mini cake all for myself is not something I can say no to. I had these cupcakes on 2 occasions and was utterly in love both times. They are the perfect blend of sweet but not too sweet and really really delicious icing. The red velvet is amazing, my favorite. I'll be tracking them down when I'm in philly again.
If you have a major sweet tooth, this is 100% the place to go to hit the spot! I first heard about this place after seeing their jawns featured on Instagram. 

It's a cute little bakery tucked away on the corner of 13th and Panama, I almost missed the entrance the first time around. There's a huge assortment of treats for everyone, from edible cookie dough to cupcakes to cookies to banana pudding. They are well known for their cupcakes, with flavors like strawberries and champagne, salted caramel cream, and chocolate chip cookie dough. The buttercream frosting on the cupcakes is so rich and so delicious! They also have various flavors of edible cookie dough. I opted for the birthday cake cookie dough which definitely satisfied my craving with ample sprinkles in every bite.

I've tried both the original jawn and dirty jawn. The jawn is basically a blondie layered with cookie dough and topped with cake batter frosting. They are sizeable for the price (~$8) and pretty dense and sweet, so it would probably be too much for one person to finish in a single setting. I took the dirty jawn home and was able to chip away at it over 3 days. My husband's personal favorite treat here is the banana pudding, which I bought on a whim. It was probably the best banana pudding we've had in Philly thus far. 

Fair warning, I went a little overboard my first time and ordered the edible cookie dough, original jawn, a cupcake, and a cookie sandwich with buttercream frosting to split with friends. It led to a massive sugar rush and headache and we were overwhelmed by all the sweetness and unable to finish. My recommendation is to take it easy and if you want to try more things, make sure to split with friends.
4$ each, is alI I have to say. You expect a lot for a 4oz 4 dollar cupcake, and this place does not deliver. 

Ever since Philadelphia Cupcakes lost their lease and had to sell, many others shops have rallied to the rescue. It is hard to replace a place with such mastery of the cupcake. The standard fare cupcakes were always the right flavor, texture and sweetness. and With their experimental flavors that were a hoot to try, and sometimes delicious as well. The cute ambiance of cupcakes in old China cabinets was a pleasant distraction while looking for a treat.  

Well cupcakes are a big thing to my date and her daughter. both have devoured many a cupcake at places all over the country they travel, (frankly a detour I have never complained about). As pretty fabulous bakers themselves, they can be a little hard when critiquing someone else's wares, I on the other hand am the finisher, I will finish anything ( especially sweets) that remain uneaten by those two ( or anyone quite frankly) 

Well these were MEH, neither bad or especially good. We had several- a strawberry thing and chocolate peanut butter, and salted caramel ( my personal favorite wherever i go) 

And $4 each, did I tell you that? At 4 oz that's a dollar an ounce. 

 They have a decent selection of interesting flavors, but not so big as you can't decide, like other shops we have visited. Other baked goods as well. 

Her daughter got a lemon bar and liked it a lot. The cupcakes on the other hand hmm, Well the strawberry was just plain bad and was left uneaten my my kitchen. The daughter chose this flavor since it was unique. Well uniquely bleah, the baker obviously used artificial flaring and not a spec of strawberry in either the icing or cake. The flavor in both of these parts of the treat made for a chemical taste overload, the strawberry bottom would have been better melded with a creamy vanilla top to lessen the bite of the strawberry bottom. It was incredibly sweet as well, way too sweet for even me and I have a horrible sweet tooth. A hint of NATURAL strawberry, some real strawberries and  a little less sugar would have saved this morsel.

The others, well, were moist but nothing special. The chocolate peanut butter was a bit too moist, almost like it was not cooked, very syrupy flavor. 

Over-all it was ok, but not a fave, but take time to check out the other shops around town (or maybe a supermarket for a better choice as well, not really worth repeated trips will all the other options in the area, unless they kick it up a notch. Not the best cupcake in philly Philadelphia at all.
Super cute shop with really unique and fun cupcake flavors. The workers are also really nice. I tried the pumpkin chocolate chip, chocolate chip cookie dough, birthday cake, and peanut butter chocolate cupcakes. The cake of the cupcakes were good to me however I feel like these would be way better with a buttercream frosting than cream cheese, but that may just be a personal preference thing. I wouldn't mind stopping by again if I'm in the area and maybe next time I'll try their other baked goods.
This cupcake shop is one block away from my house.  I am moving further away in a month, and putting some distance between Sweet Box and I will be a wonderful thing for my diet, but terrible for my taste buds.  Since Sweet Box opened, I have eaten the Yard's Brawler, the Red Velvet, and the Peanut Butter Cup cupcakes.  The flavors often change daily and there are usually about 8 to 10 in the rotation.  All of the cupcakes are delicious, decadent, and moist.  Red Velvet is my favorite. The cream cheese icing (necessary for red velvet cupcakes) is divine, thick and almost tastes like an irish potato.  You get a discount the more cupcakes you order (4 for 13 or $3.50 each), so you are "forced" to buy more than one.  Don't worry, you won't have a hard time finding someone to share them with!

They also offer other desserts, like lemon bars, cookies, and raspberry crumb bars.
This place is amazing! A friend of mine visited and brought me four cupcakes from sweet box last weekend and every single one that I tried was heavenly. I'm not even a chocolate cupcake fan but I devoured every bit. My favorites were the birthday cake and the vanilla vanilla cupcake. Strawberries and champagne was a bit underwhelming but otherwise everything else was delicious. Decorated so pretty it was almost too pretty to eat! See and taste for yourself! Gives Georgetown cupcakes and Magnolia's a run for their money!
Maybe I went in with my expectations far too high. I'd been following them on Instagram and then saw them on Fox 29, so I was expect the most awesome cupcake for $4 a pop. I got the Vanilla & Strawberry Champagne. The cake was a bit dry on both. The Vanilla wasn't sweet at all and just very bland- I only finished half of it. The Strawberry Champagne was just passable because it had a teaspoon more of flavor. I've definitely had better for less (shout out to Velvet Sky in Jenkintown!). IMO it's just another over sold Philly spot. Definitely not anything to write home to momma about.
I've had a million cupcakes all over the country, and this is now one of my favorites!! I got the cake batter cupcake, and my vegan pal purchased their vegan option - both of us loved our cupcakes! Also, I love that they sell toppers and single candles for those needing them. Definitely recommend! I'll be back for more treats!
Delicious & certainly instagram worthy! 

The "Jawn" & "Dirty Jawn" are my favorites, with the dirty jawn coming out as the absolute winner. Their chocolate covered cookie dough is also really good. If I had to choose my favorite of the cupcakes, it would be the Blueberry cheesecake cupcake all the way! The one thing of theirs I'm not a huge fan of is the s'mores tart. It's a little on the dry side and feels like too much cookie.
If you ever wanted to see the inside of a mom&pop bakery check this cute little shop out! I couldn't hold myself back from trying their cookie dough so I tried the cookies & cream cookie dough which I very much recommend! For this being my first time I was a little let down regarding the price for how much you actually get (It was $5 and it was the size a kiddie cup at an ice cream parlor. 

HOWEVER, it was out of this world! I think it might have beat out the raw holiday Pillsbury cookie sheets and that's saying ALOT!! I was very shocked at how dense it was so it actually took me 2 days to eat it (it was even better the second day.) I now recommend this place to all my friends who visit Philly who are looking for a sweet treat.
"Hahahaha...oh wow." That's all I could muster as I delved into the piece of artistry that is Sweet Box's strawberries n' champagne cupcake. I've yet to go to the storefront bake shop, but I just came from the Manayunk Streat Food Festival and had the great pleasure of partaking in this sweet indulgence from the Sweet Box truck.
It was hands down, the best thing I ate all afternoon, and I'm pretty sure it's THE best cupcake I've ever eaten. In history....ever. Yeah...ever. It was fresh, moist and refreshing. The flavor was absolutely friggin' amazing. I always find that when alcohol is incorporated in cupcakes, they tend to downplay the flavor. Not this cupcake. The ratio of champagne to strawberry was spot on. I was very upset that I only bought one, and that I had to share that one cupcake with two other ppl. I will certainly make my way downtown to chow on some other flavors!
Great customer service and delicious cupcakes! I had no trouble at all ordering cupcakes - they even deliver for an extra charge! Wouldn't that be a cute surprise for a loved one?

The truck is also always traveling around town - last I heard, it was at the new Eakins Oval park near the Art Museum.
I just had my first Sweet Box cupcake and the pumpkin chocolate chip treat sets the initial mark at a strong four stars.

On a snowy Sunday afternoon, the bakery was desserted (couldn't resist) except for one employee.  I wavered between red velvet and pumpkin chocolate chip until she confidently steered me towards the latter since red velvet is available almost every day - very good to know.  My treat was not huge, but generously sized for the price, and was packed safely to go.

I enjoyed my cupcake later that afternoon with a glass of milk and found it delightful.  The icing was creamy and not too sweet.  The cake was moist and crumbly with a generous distribution of chocolate chips; it had a noticeable, but not overpowering, air of pumpkin pie spice to it.  If anything, the cake was a little TOO crumbly, but that may have been due to the ample amount of actual pumpkin in the cake - a good thing in my book.

I will definitely be back to sample more Sweet Box cupcakes - I am so glad I can just go to a store, rather than go on a wild food truck hunt, to do so!
Possibly the Best Cupcakes I've ever had.

I took a ride here after work and grabbed 4. (vanilla,chocolate,birthday cake & chocolate cookie dough) Also grabbed a brownie (which also included a layer of cookie dough-I'm cool with that) 

Arrived home threw on some coffee and split up the cupcakes into 1/4's for the fam to share ... our reaction was priceless. I mean honestly abit embarrassing  - pure f'n joy from the first bite. The icing and cake were really that good. 

We split up the other 3 after dinner and again same reaction for the most part (the vanilla wasn't as fresh as the others though) 

Bottom Line - Amazing

oh yea, I almost forgot about the brownie ... It was too much of a good thing. 

The brownie layer combined with the cookie dough was too good of a combination and seemed to clash.

I ended up dividing the layers into seperate pieces and eating it like that. 

Whatever works. 

Check this place out !!
You won't regret it.

Time for me to go detox now - I'm still buzzing from all the Sugar.
On recent weekend trip to Philly, we found this location on Yelp and took a short walk from downtown to this Excellent local small business. I can say I have honestly never had such rich, buttery goodness as I had in the buttercream frosting that was between the 2 salted dark chocolate chip cookies - AMAZING! My husband picked 2 varieties of edible cookie doughs. The cake batter which featured M & M's and Sprinkles which was great but I was partial to the more traditional chocolate chip that they had available presented in "push pop" presentation. 

We also got a cookie dough brownie which would've served 6 easily given the overall richness. This was the most perfect, chewy, chocolatey brownie topped with a layer of chocolate chip cookie dough and topped with thick layer of chocolate ganache. It was so good, I wouldn't hesitate to get any brownie, cookie doughs or cookie sandwiches which I can personally speak to. 

Prices are decent for area, staff was friendly. Get there early for best availability. I am almost happy I don't live close as I would be visiting way too often. Do your sweet tooth a favor and go now!
I come here more than I'd ever like to admit. I also order the cookie dough via Caviar when myself/best friends are having a bad day. It's always a win.

I've had it all here. The cupcakes, cookie dough, the "jawn", cookies, etc. Everything is amazing. The cupcakes (fan favorite: birthday cake) are incredible. The perfect amount of rich, creamy frosting on each one... excellent frosting/cake ratio for my cupcake lovers. Each cupcake runs you about $4.50

A box of 12 cookie dough balls works well for bringing to parties. You can order in advance via their email.

The "jawn" is a funfetti cupcake bar with cookie dough and frosting on top. It's about $7 but worth every penny.

I hope it's clear I think you should go here.
Very tiny inside. I ordered a birthday cake with chocolate buttercream. I was craving cake the day before, so this shop was a welcome find. I'm not a cupcake connoisseur and don't seek out cupcakes regularly..You know, a gal's got a figure to watch. But the cake was very fresh and fine and had colored sprinkles inside. The frosting, after sitting at room temp for a while, was very good. If I could eat tubs of chocolate buttercream frosting out of a tub, I'd want it to be like that one. I thought it was smooth and a great balance of chocolate flavor! Yum! The cupcake does need to be eaten with the frosting as the cake isn't sweet and relies on the sweetness from the frosting.
WARNING: these cupcakes are addicting! 

I went here for the first time tonight at the Slow Food Philadelphia event. I got the chocolate peanut butter cupcake. OMG. AMAZING! This is how a cupcake is suppose to be made. Other Philly cupcake place, take note! The chocolate cake was moist and rich. The peanut butter icing was light and sweet but not that hurt your teeth sweet. As soon as I finished my cupcake, I wanted ten more! I can't wait to go back and try more cupcakes and other goodies at their store on 13th and pine!
Wow is all I can say...  I LOVE these cupcakes and that would be an understatement.  

I first came across Sweet Box Cupcakes at one of the night fares.  They had awesome  and innovative flavors at the size/prince and they had a special that night for a half dozen to take home.  I had half normal flavors like red velet and innovative ones like orange creamsicle (taste just like the childhood pops), and Yard Brawler (which was really awesome).  I was HOOOKED.

I then went into searching them online and so happy to know they have a place that holds all these delicious pieces of heaven.  To make matters sweeter, they also have brownies, cookies, galore!  I stopped in and got their sugar cookie (which was the size of my face and doesn't let down) and a cookie dough brownie.  That's right a cookie dough brownie.  I can't rave enough about this place, I love the quality of their product, the taste, the right balance between rich frosting and semi-sweet batter.  Awesome, just plain awesome.  

I'm day dreaming of eating a cupcake from here while I'm writing this review.
This bakery is magic. I stumbled upon it while walking around the city. It's a tiny bakery, with a lot of treats and flavor! They make everything from scratch, even their twinkies!! I tried a sprinkled sugar cookie. So damn good. The cupcakes looked fantastic, and so did every other baked good. They even have edible cookie dough. I wish I would have tried their signature, "Jawn." This is a very photogenic bakery. And so are the treats!
Found the truck at Love Park. Tried the chocolate ganache cupcake. Delicious, moist and pretty to look at. Took back the Red Velvet for hubby. He liked it although he did wish that it came with cream cheese frosting instead of butter cream.
I stopped at the Sweet Box truck earlier today and got a chocolate vanilla cupcake; a yummy chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The cake was moist and delicious, but the frosting was a touch soft for my taste which made it a bit messy to eat. That said, it was really tasty noms and I'd definitely go back again.
My friend and I went out on a search for cupcakes near Broad street and found this gem!
You might miss it if you aren't looking! 
They had a nice selection and we chose chocolate peanut butter and pumpkin chocolate chip.
They were divine and we are cupcake snobs! 

The cupcake was a little dense, which is great because it doesn't fall apart when you bite it! The icing was rich and thick and perfect.
I cannot say enough, you have to go here!
This is where you will find the best cupcakes in Philly. They are so well done--visually attractive and deliciously moist that they almost melt in your mouth . I highly recommend trying the Chocolate Ganache or Strawberries & Champagne cupcake!
I am beyond thrilled that I found Sweet Box Cupcakes for my daughter's Cupcake Themed Baby Shower.  Seriously the best vanilla cupcake I have ever had.  The cupcake was very moist and bursting with flavor and the icing - oh my gosh - YUMMY!   I am looking forward to traveling into town one day just to try the different offerings.    I just hope she doesn't get too big and can continue to make the cupcakes from scratch everyday!  Or at least on the days I plan to eat one :)  Thank goodness I need to travel 30 minutes for one or I would be there everyday!
As a diehard cupcake enthusiast, I've tried the so called "best" cupcakes on both coasts. Sweet box is hands down the best cupcakes you will find in philly! 

Their flavors are very creative; my favorites are the magical unicorn, birthday cake, cinnamon bun, white chocolate oreo. 

The shop is located in a very quaint and peaceful section of center city. Customer service is the best- they are very responsive and it is always a treat to order a sweet box cupcake!!
Sweet Box is my favorite cupcake place in the city. They catered a few events I've been to plus their food truck tends to make an appearance at many festivals. The icing is perfect and I love the cakes. It is on the pricier side, but I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good cupcake in the city!
My fiancée and I love coming here. The smell, sight, and varieties are so enticing I usually want everything.  What differentiates Sweet Box is their ability to perfect icing and cake. Too often places do one well and not the other. If you don't like cupcakes, their other baked goods are delicious as well! Favs include chocolate peanut butter, lemon, vanilla vanilla and even Irish Potato. Yum, I'm hungry.
Absolutely delicious! My fiancé loves cupcakes, but likes to play it safe with vanilla and chocolate so I snuck in some red velvet for me. I also grabbed the chocolate chip crumb cake before I walked out and I stand by it as one of the best decisions I've ever made. Definitely recommend... As soon as I make it back to Philly, I'll be in line for some of their more "adventurous" flavors.
The cupcakes were an absolute delight.  The simple vanilla was my favorite, but all were good.  So much flavor and a wonderful texture.  We stayed nearby when visiting Philadelphia and watched the baker (and owner I assume) start her day making fresh cupcakes early in the morning, and then pretty much selling them out as she closed up end of day.  Ingredients were top quality.  My highest recommendation.
I had the funfetti cupcake that my friends Steve & Jes brought us. O-M-G!!!! Soooo good!! I'm not sure if they make all their cupcakes with this icing; if not, they should! I usually HATE icing so badly, I scrape it all off. This icing, I could eat it like a bowl of ice cream with a large spoon in one sitting. I cannot wait to make it to philly to get some more, or at one of their food truck events, that I often see. Pure perfection! Oh! And I should mention that the cupcake I had was like 3 days old, sitting in the frig & it was still literally friggin beyond amazing.
Stopped here just for the cookie dough! Been dying to try after they started making it there since aren't many place to get raw cookie dough. It was $5 for a small cup... a little on the pricey side for the size but it's still delicious. It is slightly sweeter than I would like but overall the texture and taste is good. So if you need to satisfy that craving definitely recommend it :)
I live in New York and had cupcakes delivered to my best friend which he was very satisfied with! But my first time using Caviar was horrible, the driver was extremely rude and claimed he delivered my order and did not. The owner and Kirsten were extremely helpful at getting everything resolved and my order was redelivered and actually arrived! Would highly recommend delivering goods to friends and family as a sweet treat for special occasions! Sweet Box two thumbs up! Caviar receives two thumbs down!
