Very good bbq from chicken to pulled pork, ribs, brisket and the sides which include collards, potato salad, deviled eggs, mac and cheese, beans and cornbread. Lucy's delivers and excellent product with an over all great bbq dining experience.
Orders are placed up front, take number and your food will be delivered to your table. There are several condiment areas with a variety of sauces from mild to hot, as well mustard and South Carolina vinegar which is one of my personal favorites. 
Lucy's does an exemplary job form service to food quality, you really can't go wrong if you decide to give'm a try. Over all this was a very good experience.
to paraphrase one of our recently fallen yelpers: holy jesus h. christ in the form of a pig on a spit, i ate at sweet lucy's!!

don't get too excited now...after 20 years of not eating meat i certainly did not partake in any pig - or cow, chicken or fish for that matter. but still. give a girl some credit for entering a meat-lover's mecca, ordering food and living to yelp about it.

when my curious friends inquired as to what i could possibly be getting to eat, i merely pointed to the giant menu of sides, of which only *one* was designated not blake-friendly by the 'contains pork' check mark. thanks, sweet lucy's for saving me the trouble of having to ask :)

actually, when placing my order for baked mac & cheese, collard greens, tomato & cucumber salad and cornbread, i did inquire about the meat content (a veg can never be too sure) to which i was informed that the collard greens, while pork-free, was in fact made with chicken stock. word to the wise for all you veg-heads for whom that matters! personally, i'm ok with the stock, just don't wanna chew on any fleshy bits, so the collards stayed on.

...and good thing because damn, they were good! i have been deprived of these southern style greens for far too long because of the fact that they are typically made with pork. i'd order these again in a heartbeat - same with the mac & cheese and cornbread. the cuke salad was refreshing, but just ok. and quite frankly, i over-ordered as it was, so while i could sub that out for, say, garlic or sweet potato mashed on a future visit, there's really no need.

it's worth noting that i did encounter a couple shreds of mystery animal in my beloved mac & cheese, which i attributed to a double dipped spoon or similar unintentional act. after placing said shreds on the side of my styrofoam plate (perched atop the wobbly wooden table) i went about eating. again, i realize not all vegetarians are as forgiving as i am, so those who are more strict when it comes to such things may opt to pass on dining at sweet lucy's altogether. me? while i'm not rushing back to the great northeast...if friends were to invite me along again, i would most assuredly join them.
This is the first time , in recent memory, that im almost speechless about a place.  information overload. Grammar and spelling have become obsolete...the world is pork!

  I had heard raves about Sweet Lucys. I dont think ive ever had good BBQ before. This was an excursion (a journey) that I planned to make alone. Since there was interest from others, we decided to make an event out of it.

 I must admit that I knew nothing of the establishment. As many pointed out, calling this a Burb event was a fallacy.  While its a good 5 miles outside of center city, the area is very much urban.  I guess what separates it from center city haunts, is the fact that it has free and ample parking.

  I recently purchased a GPS unit for my car. Its been fun going to places I know and seeing if Garmin takes me the right way. More often than not, it doesnt, so when I had to rely on it to get me to Sweet Lucys, I was worried. It was definitely a white knuckle journey through the North East, but it did get me there...eventually. Honestly, without my little navigator ( who I have dubbed, Chewy) I might not have found it. Its one of those places that you need to know to find. Its tucked in the middle of Mayfairs factory district.

The next thing I didnt know about SL, was that it wasnt a sit down -get served restraunt. Its akin to 5 Guys, where you place your order at the counter and pick it up at the take out area. Its your choice whether to eat in (there is a small dining area) or take it home. We were a large group without a reservation ( or did we have one,? ask Tom C about that) and we didnt have trouble getting a table on a Friday night.

This review has been a whole lot of preparation and no H.  Lets get to the food.  It was amazing! Definitely worth the trip. Id go as far to say that the sides alone were worth the trip. I got Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Mac and cheese.  They were the best ive ever had outside of homemade. For the entree, I couldnt decide on the Pulled Pork Sandwich (which was highly touted) or the Ribs, so of course I got both. Never in my life have I had pork so good. I saved some ribs ( dont be fooled by the term 1/2 rack..there was more meat than 2 full racks at most restraunts) to share with family members, however the next day, I became as possesive as Gollum with his ring.  Im already planning a return trip and dreaming about the food. Prices were reasonable, considering the quality. Staff was efficient and friendly.

  A few observations about the unofficial Yelp event.....
   -  Lee M was my guide for the night. He is a Sweet Lucys veteran and was helpful in food choices and history. Thanks!
  _ Chad T and wife were awesome. Chad enlightened me that SL is BYOB and brought some delicious beers that enhanced an already great meal.
- Ian and wife were cool too, but someone needs to talk to Ian about his "drinking problem" :)
- Wouldnt be a Burb event (even when its not a burb event) without Kristin and Jeff. Im glad they left their kitty long enough to come out.
- We had some new blood with Jen R and her friend. They brought a fresh perspective and added alot of fun to the event.
- While Tom C didnt make it, we were reminded of his presence the whole night by an empty reserved birthday table that he reserved for us . Too bad it was none of our birthdays, Haha!

I will be returning to Sweet Lucys. That is a fact. I may even move in.
There are some places where barbeque is not a food group but a religion.  I've been to many of those places like Texas, Kansas City, and the Carolinas and Sweet Lucy's (SL) would hold its own anywhere.  If you are one of those people that pray to the barbeque Gods than you need to visit and be saved.

Speaking of the Gods, it's a good thing God made GPS because you will need one to find SL.  OK, maybe a human made GPS but you're still going to need one.  Last night fellow Yelper Teri R. and I made the pilgrimage.  Coming off route 1 there were several turns before we found it in a very industrial area.  We were both SL virgins looking for great barbeque and good conversation.  We found both here.

We parked in front of several cords of stacked wood.  Always a good sign at a barbecue joint.  In we went, paid our $20 for the buffet and received our wrist bands and drink cup.  We snagged one of the last remaining booths along the wall.  By the way, this place puts the "C" in casual.  You know those little plastic bags with the white plastic fork & spoon and the tiny napkin?  Yup, that's what you get.  How about those Styrofoam plates divided into three sections?  Yup again.

Next I headed over to the self-service drink station.  The usual fountain sodas are here but skip them.  I'm not usually a sweet tea drinker but so many reviews raved about it I filled a large cup.  The other reviewers are right on.  There must be some kind of drug in it.  It was absolutely delicious and as soon as I finished the first cup I headed up for a refill.

Now for the important stuff.  As this was my first visit I was in sampling mode.  My first trip to the buffet included-

* Cornbread
* Cucumber tomato salad
* Baked beans with pork
* Smoked sausage
* Smoked turkey
* Brisket
* Pulled pork

This was seriously good comfort food.  When I eat barbeque I want the sauce to compliment, not overpower the meat.  I need to taste the meat not just sauce.  In every case that was true here.  Delicious meats and delicious sauce working together to make beautiful music on my tongue.  The sides were also great.  The baked beans were fine and all the others were exceptional.

Now for round two-

* More cornbread
* More cucumber tomato salad
* Garlic mashed potatoes
* Collard greens
* Pulled chicken
* A chicken quarter
* More pulled pork

Once again everything was great and nothing was dried out.

Of course there was a round three and that was warm bread pudding.  I could have also enjoyed apple cobbler.

When I woke up this morning I smiled thinking about last night's meal.  I went to throw yesterday's shirt in the laundry and I could still smell the sweet barbeque smoke from my visit.  It doesn't get any better than that!
Sweet Lucy's has been on my list for a while!  I met up with friends and decided to see what the hype was all about!
I'll just say Eh...Meh....baked Mac & Cheese was good ..but all the food was luke warm and I wish I could rave about the (3) meat platter (Ribs; Brisket & Smoked Kielbasa)!l..but it really was just average!

There was a time when Philly lacked in good BBQ..but within the last few years...much competition had cropped up & Sweet Lucy's better take notice...the new kids are kicking butt!

Glad I can check it off the list...wish I enjoyed more...but I have no real desire to return!

Great customer service..hence the extra star!
This place is really good at what they do. If you want no nonsense barbecue with some tasty sides you've come to the right place. It's not too healthy, and definitely not vegetarian friendly, but it might be the best barbecue I've had in the Philly area. Portions are huge, so you'll have a lot of leftovers. I can say from experience it's just as good the next day. My only complaint is the beer list, which is just okay and consists mostly of bottles, but you don't come here for the beer. Get the ribs, they fall right off the bone. If you're craving meat there's no better place.
Since I missed the UYE here last month this place has been burning in the back of my head. So I went back and tried their buffet. This way I got a good sampling of most of the their meats. 

Major piece of advice - if you are going to the buffet - GO EARLY! 

It starts at 5pm on Monday nights and runs until 8:30pm. It was still packed at 6:30-7 when we got there. We had to wait in line just to pay before sitting down. If you get their early they will have someone cutting super tender, succulent pieces of prime rib. I managed to weasel through the line and get some before it was gone. They were constantly refilling the buffet items so everything was hot and fresh. I usually don't like ribs but their beef ribs are so good and the sauce is so tasty that I went back for seconds. The garlic mashed red potatoes are by far the best of the sides. The corn bread was being fought over and was gone almost immediately after it came out so it took me standing over the basket like a vulture waiting for more to come out for me to get a square. It was worth it because it was moist, sweet and light. 

My only criticism is the desserts. The chocolate chips need taken away from their kitchen. They put them in everything. So it ended up making every dessert into some form of chocolate chip cookie. There was a warm cake that had apples in it that was ruined by the insane multitude of chocolate chips added to it. But with that said I did not come there for dessert anyway.
I can't believe I never reviewed Sweet Lucy. I've been coming for years and have used them for catering. It's great!! Barbecue of all sorts. I like the sliced brisket, but everything is great. The chicken should only be eaten there. I haven't had any success with reheating it. The sides are numerous and delicious. The space is rustic. They have parking. Only counter service but lots of seating.
So I've never written a Sweet Lucy's review. Say whaaaa? From my first visit, after a football UYE with yelpers Jim H, Bill M, Dan C, Akshay M and Caroline L, to my experiences with their catering at First Person Arts events, one thing is for certain: Lucy is one smooth southern lady. 

Pulled pork, mac and cheese, spicy collards and corn bread - that's all you need to know. If you're planning to eat at the restaurant, bring a crew, bring some brew and grab one of the picnic tables. You're guaranteed to have a great meal and a great time.
Do you know what I dreamed about last night? Sweet Lucy's delicious ribs. I'm not even kidding, less than 12 hours after I had eaten here, I already wanted more. I am officially addicted.

Now, I am going to try to articulate my experience properly, although I really just want to say, "MEAT! GOOD! MEEEEAT!"

Jim, Lee and Lulu were kind enough to invite me on their venture to the Great North(east) and to accommodate my schedule, arrange transportation and provide lovely company. What service! 

The first thing that hits you when you walk into Sweet Lucy's is the smell. A mixture of hickory and flesh that triggers your inner troglodyte. It is just heavenly. And then you see the menu, which could be overwhelming. Luckily, I read a lot of the Yelp reviews so I had a handful of items I wanted to try. So I ordered the "Triple The Pleasure" so I could sample the pulled pork, beef brisket, ribs, spicy collard greens, mac & cheese, and cornbread. 

Everything was really, really good. The pulled pork wasn't too sweet and the sauce did not cover up the delicious piggy flavor. But the ribs and brisket were my favorite. I am a total sucker for brisket in almost all forms, but this was the best version I've ever had- smokey, tender, beefy, and juicy. 

And the ribs, oh, the ribs, were a revelation. I've been eating/cooking ribs whenever I can lately because I'm definitely a late bloomer in the bbq department. These were the perfect tenderness- just the right amount of pull and chew. You don't want the meat to fall off the bone, I figured out pretty quickly that is a sign of overcooked meat (and, sometimes, boiling *shudder*). Instead, Sweet Lucy's respects the integrity of this cut by slow cooking it without excess rub or sauce. The result is so beautiful, you might just shed a few manly tears of joy.

As for sides, the mac & cheese was disturbingly good. I was surprised to receive noodles with a little bite to them, they were on the done side of al dente. I can't remember ever being served macaroni and cheese at a restaurant with pasta cooked this well. The collard greens were not overwhelmingly spicy and not too mushy either. Again, Sweet Lucy's seems to respect their ingredients and cooks them to enhance their best qualities. The cornbread was also good, but I found the coleslaw forgettable. That could be blamed on my New England upbringing- I've eaten a shit-ton of good slaw and so I'm particular about it. But over all, I wouldn't feel guilty dragging a vegetarian here because the side dishes are delicious.

So now the questions is: are they ready to cater my wedding? Or at least the rehearsal dinner?
Oh my Sweet Lucy's  oh my !! I came, I ordered, I got messy. Sloppy goodness where you continue to lick your fingers trying to get every drop of that barbecue in your belly. If you're not knuckle deep in those bones than it's obvious you're not a barbecue fan, and this is some pretty damn good barbecue my friends.  

The best way to go about this my friends is to order the platter. Not only do you get some great mouthwatering meat/chicken you also get 3 sides to go with it. Let us not forget about their homemade cornbread or a roll. (Cornbread wins all the time)  Literally this is the best bargain, guaranteed to fill your tummy!

Ok lets dive into this review like little Andy to that plate of meatloaf in a Christmas Story. We've  all seen this movie, if you haven't then there is a little clip at the end of this review.    

The Goods: 
~ Spare Ribs Platter (5) Nice sized ribs that were or had that little smokey taste to it that slid easily off the bone. Meaty, full of flavor that was dressed over with their sauce that  just melted in your mouth.    

The Sides:
 ~ Mac and Cheese- WOW !  This was a great side that was perfectly baked to perfection. A creamy , flavorful, that simply just put a smile on any ones face. This Mac and Cheese is a must order even if you are  lactose intolerant , you'll forget all about that minor set back and just dive into this.   Again this is a must order!
~Garlic Mashed Potatoes - This was ok,  nicely blended with a good flavor to it, not over powering where its just garlic. (I've experienced some mess ups here and there) The one thing I wasn't too much a fan of was the gravy. I am sure the next time I do venture off to Sweet Lucy I'd get this again, but I'll hold the gravy this time. 
~ Dixie Coleslaw- This was pretty good, not too tangy, nicely shredded pieces of cabbage. I really don't have anymore on coleslaw , other than it was ok. 

So now that we got the food down, well a portion of it, because Sweet Lucy's has a GINORMOUS menu for you to peruse over and salivate.

 I enjoyed my meal at their bar and had a great conversation with Shelby. Shelby is the bartender here at SL. She made sure I had everything I needed, to make it an even better experience.

Another great thing about this bar they now have is they support the local breweries. The beer gods and aficionado in you would highly approve of these bottle selections, along with a great liquor selection. A perfect combination , great meal, with a great craft. With Shelby there to accommodate your needs, you pretty much can't go wrong.

Plenty of seating, clean environment, great staff, with an aroma of barbecue dancing around is what you'll get out of this. I know I'll definitely be back in this establishment.  I've got to try their wings, I here they are fantastic!

Do it up, now get the cornbread and watch the clip below!  


https://youtu.be/KNNpydUfduo
I hate to do it but off comes a star. Last night was the second time in as many visits that the ribs haven't been quite up to par. A little dry to be honest. Now granted they weren't as dry as a few weeks ago, but still not where they once were. :(

On the good side, the Mac n Cheese was the best I've ever had there (and damn near anywhere). Kudos to them for last night's batch! 

On a personal note. Anyone that says they aren't getting enough to eat for their $9 bucks either eats like a team of Clydesdales or is just coocoo-bananas!  You can call them what you will, but skimpy on the portions is not one of them.
Heard so much good reviews from other yelpers for Sweet Lucy's BBQ. So we finally decided to give it a try as we do have a taste for BBQ/soul food today. Coming back from Sesame Place exiting at Cottman exit. Turn right on State road, but we didn't know the close proximity of Sweet Lucy's, so we end up driving past a bit. It do have a warehouse look from the street view. Private parking lot so don't worry unless it is a full house.

We are not far so we opt for take out instead. Can't beat it when you are eating a hot meal in your comfort zone. Super combo platters have the best value on the menu. All platters comes with a choice of 3 sides and your choice of roll or cornbread. Prices aren't so bad either, they go from $16-$20. They also have a bar available, so I decided to try the Pineapple Coconut Mojito, nvm, not my type of cocktail but wouldn't mind to try their other alcoholic beverages next time. 

Hubby want to start off small, so he order Double the Fun: chopped beef brisket and BBQ pulled Chicken. His sides were mac and cheese, mashed with gravy, and cheesy spinach. I got the Quadruple By-Pass: BBQ pulled Pork, BBQ pulled Chicken, smoked wings, and ribs. My sides are cheesy spinach, cucumber tomatoes salad, and potato salad. 

Hubby loved everything from his platter, he swore to get the Quadruple by-pass next time we return. On the other hand, I didn't like the BBQ pulled Chicken and the potato salad. I favored the BBQ pulled pork over chicken(personal taste preference). Even though their potato salad didn't contain onions, I have better elsewhere. But I loved everything else too from the meats, other 2 sides, even cornbread.
So there are times where working in Tacony feels like I'm surrounded by a a suburban and industrial land of devastation. aside from a couple awkward looking parks there's nothing but housing, highways, and factories; and it spans on to the endless reaches to the point that I thought it spanned on into nevermore. But then I found out that my wrongness was tinged with the flavor of barbecue tang!

When I first heard my co-workers say they where going out to Sweet Lucy's for lunch I thought they were pulling my leg with a cruel and twisted joke. But then I realized that they didn't know me well enough to do so and I jumped upon that lunch call in a erratic fervor. and as unexpected fate would have it, I soon found out that being so close to nothingness put me literally blocks away from the best barbecue in Philly. Talk about odds that I'm happy to gamble on. especially since I could smell the aroma of special sauce the moment that we pulled into the drive way!

my first order was a no brainer since I had pulled pork on the mind. and it was smothered in so much juicy sauceeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmm *drooling Homer moment* that it goes down in the annals of best decisions that I've ever made. The sandwich by itself is plenty of food. But of course they make it better with the meal deal by piling on two sides and a piece of corn bread. So I went with their delish mac & cheese, and a helping of their spicy collard greens (and I might have added on some pickles, hot peppers, and extra sauce from the fixings bar for good measure). in normal areas lunch this good is by far an impossible thing to come by!

So long story short I've still come to the conclusion that I'm working so close to nothingness. But so long as that nothingness is bizarro enough to lead to an all you can eat barbecue buffet every Monday, I think I can deal!
The best pulled pork and brisket sandwiches I have had since moving to the Philadelphia area. Reminds me of the incredible BBQ in south Texas. I'm open for other suggestions, but thus far this is at the top of my list.
I must be hard to please. 

Four of us went to Sweet Lucy's about a year and a half ago. We were the only ones in the place. You drive into a fenced off parking lot which is housed in between two huge factory buildings. Their door is on the side of one of the buildings and holds a small raised patio for outside dining. 

Our mouths were watering for "the best barbecue we have ever eaten"!  

You walk into a large open area where you start by ordering and pay for what you are about to recieve.  Down the line is an open kitchen where you view the cooking of the ribs, beans, barbecued pulled pork and keilbassi.  Then you have an area for extra sauces, condiments, utensils and napkins.  Right around the corner is the dining area with a fair amount of tables and chairs.  

All four of us agreed, it was not even close to the best barbeque we have ever had. Ribs were not tender and they were fatty and the flavor left a lot to be desired.  No booze is served here, but you are welcome to bring your own.

I personally, have been trying ribs everywhere, just to find the best and in my opinion ( are you ready for this? ),  Ruby Tuesdays has the very best so far. They are perfect. You pick them up and they fall right off the bone. They are tender, no fat and the flavor is perfect! Their secret is to slow bake and baste them for 24 hours! Give them a try Sweet Lucy fans and let me know what you think! 

Sweet Lucy's you didn't even come close to impressing me.

Wheelchair accessible, ramp and small managable lip at entrance door.
Maybe if I hadn't just returned from a trip to southern Virginia where BBQ is a daily part of existence, I would have been more overcome with smoke ring lust for the meat factory that is Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse, but it was that travel into the near South that had me wanting more Q, and Lucy's was getting all the local accolades. It was the natural place to go.  

The adaptive reuse of an old industrial brick and mortar was well done, and the layout of the plant was well conceived with nice "country" dining area, new bar with very good brew list, and an efficient order and table delivery system.  Yet, their efficiencies cut some corners that should have been left in place.  

As first timers not knowing the lay of the land, the order and sit down process had to be explained, and the ability to have Q & A with someone about the menu important.  That was not really provided with pressure on the cashier to take orders as people stood before them and then accept payment.  It was hard to ask about the various options and receive comprehensive answers.  We ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Platter, Half Rotisserie Chicken Platter and the Double the Fun (Ribs & Pulled Pork) Platter; all with Cornbread and a cross section of the many side dishes.  The prices were reasonable, and the wait not too long.  Going over to the bar in the dining room was easy enough, but required a second payment.  Unless you knew you would have room for desert and ordered with the entre, another queue-up was required.  Easier for the business, perhaps, but not for the customer.  

Then, everything arrived in styro and plastic wrap - a turnoff for both comfort and ecological reasons.  Open your white foam package with someone sitting across from you, and the top of each was overlapping and in the way of the other.  Awkward.  

There was plenty of meat and ample sides.  Yet, rather than using a confident dry rub in the smoker that would let the meat speak for itself, and allow a choice of saucy finishes, the plate arrived already covered in Kansas City style thick and somewhat salty/sour dark amber glaze. This one size fits all approach denied a choice of flavors that is so elemental to the full BBQ experience.  Personally, I prefer a sweet/tangy bite and chew that comes from a St. Louis, Memphis or even Carolina smokehouse, but there were no table rockets with these options, and I was unaware of any sauce alternatives as a newbie.  My Ribs were smoked well with pink ring, and it easily pulled off the bone.  Still, I would have been happier with a different sauce encasing the experience.  The Pulled Pork was soft and pleasantly chewy, but had a vinegar taste that was not my cup of tea.  Again, allow me to mix in what my tastebuds prefer, and I would have been a happier camper.  

The sides were all pretty good without any of them being standouts.  On the other hand, the Cornbread was excellent.  

Given the great beer choices and the generous portions, this could have been a full fledged BBQ riot with the ability to elect how I wanted the meal to cross my palette. I would gladly pay a bit more, or gorge a bit less, if given free choice (and be pleased with the meal arriving on a large swatch of paper rather than plastic). 

So near, but yet so far.
!!!Surprise!!! BBQ in a random warehouse!!!
This was even a shock to me when I yelped local eats and this locale came up. They had a huge menu, ample parking and reasonable prices. If you know me I am fully addicted to my 'Que, So I had my clipboard of approval here and it was not needed. 
The Quadruple platter was great! the sides were plentiful I almost didn't need to get more. for the most part $30 bucks is 4 proteins, 
(4) 4oz sides, and Corn bread. I was sharing some so it was plenty. I went with the briskets both sliced and Texas, as I am brisket girl. It was perfectly tasty. My sides were the Mac, Brussels, Spicy greens, and and some kind of beans I don't really remember anything beside the mac and cheese. Yes I am ALSO a mac and cheese girl. 

I have to say this was yet again one of those hole in the wall places that was a shock to me how good it actually was. But as they say "stop and take a look around" or you'd miss it. 

I'll be back with photos and soon. I can't wait.
Sweet Lucy's is some solid, solid BBQ.

I've been here several times, and will continue to go back, probably forever. If you're looking for fancy, do not come here. SLS a really laid-back place. You walk in and order at the counter, find a table and they call your name to come and get your food. It's BYOB, and they have some TVs in the dining room that are usually tuned to ESPN or whatever sporting event is on. Seriously, what more could you ask for?

The brisket, pulled pork and half chicken are my favorite meats. Everything is perfectly smoky with tons of flavor and nothing is ever dry. 

As far as sides, I don't think you could go wrong with any choice. Some of my favorites are the mac & cheese, collards, sweet potato mash, cole slaw and spinach. Seriously though, everything is good. But don't let me catch you leaving there without the mac & cheese. It's lovely. The cornbread is also some of the best around. You know it's the real deal when you see actual corn kernels in your freakin' cornbread.

They also have great sauces. I'm a vinegar girl, but the thicker barbecue sauce is also tasty. Bonus: that one is kept hot so your oink/moo/cluck doesn't get cold when you slather it on- genius! They also have a couple different kinds of pickles and hot sauce. The hot sauce tastes like wing sauce, which I personally wouldn't put on my smoky meaty deliciousness, but to each his own.

The prices are extremely reasonable, the service is friendly and there are paper towel rolls at the table. Again, what more could you ever want? This is one of those places that will prompt me to say to a friend, "What do you mean you've NEVER been to Sweet Lucy's??" And then I proceed to use that as an excuse to take them there for "their" benefit. Sure. I'll keep telling myself that...
Sweet, sweet Lucy.  This place is a meat lover's paradise.  So delicious my nephew said that he would like to eat their food every day for the rest of his life.  It's just that good.  

The ribs are tender, flavorful and coated with the perfect amount of delicious BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork is to die for and what I love the most is the vinegar dressing, which I prefer on my pulled pork instead of BBQ sauce.

The corn bread is sweet and buttery and the sweet tea is so...sweet.  Unfortunately they did not have this on my most recent visit, the horror!  I almost threw a temper tantrum in the middle of the restaurant.  But I survived.

My only complaint is some of the sides are misses.  Specifically, the mac and cheese is lacking in flavor and the "cheesy" creamed spinach is in need of more cheese.  Perhaps these items just seem bland next to the most excellent, flavor-packed meat.

If you're looking for a no frill BBQ joint in Philly, follow the smell of the smokers to Sweet Lucy's.
I love this place. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because it's expensive and far for me The Mac n cheese, collards and pulled pork are to die for! Yummy! And can't forget the fresh brewed ice tea!
I've never sat down and eaten a meal in the actual restaurant so this review is based solely on the food, the price, and the kind of treatment I've received from my annoying questions over the telephone. (Which was very pleasant and helpful actually.)

First and foremost, I've been to two back to back parties where this was the chosen catered food. I didn't think too much of it last year, I knew it was good.

This year, I couldn't help myself from having 3rds, 4ths and maybe even 5ths of their delicious pulled pork and some cole slaw.

When it came to hosting a party of my own, my girlfriend and I opted to spend about $100 on pounds of food for 10-15 people.

3lbs of pulled pork
3lbs of pulled chicken
2qts of mac & cheese
1qt of baked beans

The price is phenomenal considering the true cost is a lot better than having spent an entire day slow cooking the meat to perfection, which is how it's presented. It's a lot better than spending all the time perfecting a sweet and savory BBQ sauce. They've already done all the work, and beautifully at that. Our food was still hot even though I showed up late to pick it up, and it was packaged brilliantly well. I had no fears just plopping it onto my backseat and after about a 40min drive to S. Jersey, it was superbly intact.

The most surprising part was their phenomenal mac & cheese. I expected good but not something that's most definitely a contender for the best mac & cheese I've ever had.

I prefer the pulled pork over the pulled chicken but we ran out of most of the pork... so now it's past midnight after our evening party and I'm still picking away at cold, yet still amazingly delicious pieces of chicken.

I'm a night owl, sure. However, I was just laying in bed recalling the nice little party we had and I couldn't stop thinking about the food. My mouth started watering.

So, I got up to pick at the leftovers...

And... I also picked up my laptop, opened it up... and here we are...

...now, back to more chicken.

I'm just so sad that all 2qts of the mac & cheese are gone.

Final thoughts: it's a bit out of the way but I definitely intend to sit down for one of their Monday night all-you-can-eat-buffet. That might have be... tomorrow evening.
When you throw a party with Sweet Lucy's, you can be sure it'll be a hit. 

Haven't ever even stepped foot the restaurant itself, but they've STILL earned my praise for best barbecue in the city. Enjoyed their phenomenally juicy fare at a few parties last summer and was instantly hooked. My boyfriend and I later ordered $100 worth of food for our own shindig, which netted several pounds each of pulled meats, sides of mac & cheese, corn bread, baked beans and slow-roasted dreams on a plate.

It remains the restaurant of choice for our circle of friends, all of us apartment dwellers cursed with the absence of a grill, during prime summer cookout season. Do yourself a favor and order up some pork, wings and the must-have mac & cheese. Your belly will thank you.
I had the good fortune to spend four years in South Carolina at college to become very acquainted with slow-cooked barbecue. Sweet Lucy's is every inch of that wonderful smoky pink-centered goodness... just north of the Mason Dixon. 

The homemade barbecue and vinegar sauces are absolutely wonderful. You can give them all a try because they lay them out at the pick-up window in their restaurant. (The wait time, by the way, is incredibly fast. You'll barely make it to your seat.)

Platter price is a little over ten dollars. You can buy "meat only" for less than that. I've loved the fall-off-the-bone ribs, smoked kielbasa (okay, that doesn't exist down south) and barbecued chicken... but my favorite and mainstay is the to-perfection pulled pork barbecue sandwich with a side of creamy mac and cheese. During the summer I'll choose German red-skinned potato salad and in the winter the baked beans, but I never deviate from that Mac and Cheese. 

The triple chocolate brownie also kicks a lot of butt. If you have room. 

If you aren't a fountain soda type, don't forget that Sweet Lucy's is a BYOB. Their barbecue and your favorite brews = heaven. Trust me on this. 

Ambiance- think exposed-brick walls and ductwork with country music softly in the background and ESPN or the game on one of their well-placed flat screen wall-mounted TVs. 

This place would be fantastic for groups and kids; I've never been at a time when all the tables were taken or it was too noisy to carry on a conversation. 

I've eaten here at least a dozen times over the year since discovering this place, and I've recently enjoyed their catering as well. I will absolutely keep them in mind for future gatherings. The staff is very professional, friendly, quietly keeps the food rolling out and totally unobtrusive. I love Sweet Lucy's for their barbecue foremost, but I have to say the professionalism of their catering operation was the best I've seen from any corporate vendor.
I ate dinner at 5pm. Now it's 1am and I still can't move. =/ If you love bbq and can eat a lot, coming here on a Monday for their all you can eat is worth it. They offer a pretty good selection at the buffet bar including many sides and lots of different meat choices.

Of the sides, my favorites were the mac 'n cheese, corn bread, and the baked beans. They also had macaroni salad, potato salad, coleslaw, collard greens, and mash potatoes. If I really wanted to, eating just the sides alone would've stuffed me!

Of the meats, my favorites were the baby back ribs, beef brisket, and pulled pork. They also had pulled chicken, shrimp, hickory smoked salmon, pork ribs, and some beef tenderolin? All I know is that there were A LOT of meat! 

Now to top off this ultimate comfort food menu, they had pretty good desserts too. Cookies, bread pudding, and ice cream. You really can't go wrong there (unless you ate too much like I did).

I'd definitely recommend checking it out. It's $18.95 + tax and buffet is from 5 - 8:30. They also accept credit cards. Also, on regular days, they do have a full menu of different bbq stuff you can buy by the pound and so fourth.
I did not want to like Sweet Lucy's as much as I did.

As a selfish, lazy man, I often imagine that the best restaurants in Philadelphia are those within a very reasonable walk or subway ride from my house.  When I take off in an automobile to get a meal, there's a subtle hope in the back of my head that I will not enjoy myself and thus, will not have to schlep any sort of distance to get the meal again.  The problem with eating at Sweet Lucy's is that it will force me to overcome my lethargy many times in the coming future so that I may consume some excellent BBQ.  

The sides are fantastic.  The cornbread tastes exactly how I want cornbread to taste like.  The baked beans taste exactly how I want baked beans to taste like.  The ribs are on par with Bebe's(my more geographically favorable dig).  They are smokey, low in fat chunks, and slide easily off the bone.  They offer their vinegar and hot sauces if you want to add some extra kick yourself and it is awesome.  

When I go to Sweet Lucy's, everyone wins except mother earth, as I will doubtlessly be increasing my carbon footprint while traveling back and forth from this location.  Sorry Gaia.  If movies have told me anything about the world, you will soon become angry with my blatant disregard for your health and send spirits/natural disasters/possessed animals/poisonous evil trees(oh god what) after me in order to wreak horrible vengeance against myself and all other humans.
Great Philadelphia BBQ flavor. 
Go for lunch and dinner. 
Their ribs are great but the chicken wings are phenomenal.
I've already given this place 5 stars but there have been some improvements that warrant a glowing update.

- Food still excellent.
- they have one of those Pepsi touch screen thingies for soda, if you are into that sort of thing
- not sure if they've always had it or if they've added it but the Brussel sprout side, with bacon and onions are tremendous.
- I didn't hate their potato salad. I rarely find one I like but this is as close as it gets. 

- Finally, and most importantly, they now have a bar area. I didn't see taps but I saw liquor and bottle beers. I didn't partake this time but it's good to know you can.
Two separate times I wanted to do takeout, unfortunately landed on two separate bad nights.  One night a week, Sweet Lucy's has an all you can eat ribs dinner.  When you order take-out on those nights, you're not allowed to order ribs over the phone to pick up.  They will tell you on the phone that they are having an all you can eat ribs dinner night, and that you need to come in and order the ribs, then wait the 15-20 minutes it will take to cook them for you.

This concept is idiotic, and reflects an owner/management team that does not have a clue about food costs and food supplies.  I will give you my credit card information over the phone, you twits!  I've bought the ribs, even if I don't show up and you can't serve them to someone in your dining room!  I'm trying to save time, and your policy wastes customers' time.

If they got rid of this practice, I would consider coming back to them.  But to not let people order bbq ribs over the phone on certain nights so they can get in there quickly, pay money, and leave is confusing to the customer, and a stupid business practice.
We always go there for ribs! It's not baby back ribs, they are pretty 'big piggy' ribs, but boy, they taste amazing! and sides are better then any high roller restaurant. Don't even get me started on fresh corn bread with actual corn inside of it. I can eat it as a snack, with a meal or for dessert! That's how good it is! Just keep it coming
And if you like verity of everything, on Mondays they have 'all you can eat buffet'. 
Plus now they have a little bar there as well. A perfect place to have a beer and some bbq!
Went here for lunch today and I feel like I have been derelict In my duty.  Meaning here I am trying to tell the general public about excellent places they should try and having one right under my nose that I myself hadn't tried until today!

We tried this place at lunch and i'm glad we drove over even though we could've done door dash. The inside looks jawsome and I can't wait to come back off hours. 

We're planning to do a happy hour. 

I got the pulled pork meal. It was so good. Corn bread of course. Slaw, beans and the Mac. They have multiple sauces of course. It's not a million like famous Dave's. 

This review is making me hungry.
I have had a love affair with Sweet Lucy's for a long time. Even though there are a couple of quality BBQ establishments emerging in the Philadelphia market, Sweet Lucy's is still my baby. 

Recently, Sweet Lucy's gave me a major scare early last month when I ordered take out on the way home. Just about everyone ordered a platter with ribs, and just about everyone hated them. The ribs did not resemble or taste like the ribs I was accustomed to. It was as if they cut up a pork tenderloin and sold it as ribs. The meat was dry, and barely contained any flavor. Not only wasn't I afraid of the thought that Sweet Lucy's was starting it's decline but they were the first choice to cater my twins first birthday party later that month. Yes, we still got Sweet Lucy's to cater the party and though it was not the only factor, upon this underwhelming diner experience, we decided to not go with any rib packages. A friend wanted to have lunch a week prior to the party so I obliged;  especially since it was his treat. I ordered the double meat combo with ribs and the wings. With one bite, everything tasted like the Sweet... was back in Sweet Lucy's. The ribs were the ribs that I have come to love since day one. 

The catering package for the party was a hit. We ordered Sliced brisket, pulled pork, mac & cheese and cucumber salad. We probably should have lowered the count because we received so much food. The sliced brisket was phenomenal. I truly believed they've improved the brisket over the years because it was better than what I experienced previously, and that was good. The creamy goodness of macaroni & cheese was a party favorite. 

Even though we had a couple of dish that stood out, everything lived up the Sweet Lucy's name. I was very pleased from beginning to end .My family and friends were able to enjoy the same quality smoked BBQ I consume on a regular basis.
This is the best example of this type of food I have found in the area.  I've never eaten in the restaurant but we've gotten takeout several times. 

I haven't had anything here I didn't love.  The ribs are awesome,  I rarely eat red meat but I can't resist these ribs - the meat is so tender it just falls off the bone.  We usually get mac & cheese and coleslaw as the sides and they are both great and the cornbread is fresh and tender.    I've also had the pulled chicken sandwich which was really good, nicely spiced on a soft roll.  

They have a Monday night buffet, I can't even imagine going there and having unlimited quantities of this food, it's so good it would be hard to stop eating!
We were craving some BBQ last weekend but sadly mike's BBQ sold out early. After a quick search we decided to check out Sweet Lucy's.

We ordered a full rack of baby back ribs, lb of brisket, a brisket sandwich and sides of coleslaw, mac and cheese, and chocolate chip cookies.

The staff was amazing and made pick up very easy. Everything was delicious. The brisket was lean and smoky, but the ribs were once again the favorite for us.

The sides were good too. Mac and cheese was simple but well made and delicious. The coleslaw was refreshing even though it did get a bit boring at the end. I'll still get it in the future though.

I was craving chocolate chip cookies during the whole quarantine and was so glad this was an option for the sides. They came in a pack of 3 and really hit the spot for me.

Lastly, the price point was super reasonable. Delicious food at great value. If you don't mind driving out a lil further, the food is really worth it.

One last note, they have an all you can eat bbq for $22 on Mondays, which is a fantastic deal!
The Mac and cheese was the best I ever had. The mashed sweet potatoes was a big hit also. I'm not a huge BBQ fan but really only crave it 2-3 times a year ... You can take this review for what it's worth. Got the pig out standard (for 4) brisket and whole chicken with Mac n cheese,BBQ beans,garlic mashed potatoes and mashed sweet potatoes. The brisket was dry and very Difficult to chew and almost impossible to swallow, I had to use a paper towel a couple times because I could  have choked to death if I didn't ... My wife on the other hand claims it was tender, moist and delicious ... !!?? Maybe it's just me. The atmosphere is ok if you dont mind noise and a lot of foot traffic. The feeling of being rushed to provide more tables for incoming guest was kinda  annoying though.
Was out and about and found myself not too far from Sweet Lucy's.  I haven't been there in a while and thought barbecue sounded good! 
It kind of looks like a factory on the outside and it's very rustic inside.  You see the big menu on the boards when you walk in. I was glad there was a line in front of me because I needed time to decide what I wanted  :/
They take your order, give you a number, you find a seat and the waiter will bring you your food.
They move pretty fast, the food came out in less than 15 minutes.  
I ordered the chopped brisket, spicy collard greens and mac & cheese.  All the platters come with 3 sides and cornbread. 
My daughter wanted a pulled pork sandwich w/pork& beans and mac & cheese. 
My husband is a meat eater and wanted to bring some home so he ordered a pound of sliced beef brisket, a slab of spare ribs and creamed spinach.  Everything was delicious.  The ribs were fall off the bone good. I think their brisket is the best seller (delicious). Only complaint is they could cut back on the salt in the mac & cheese and greens.
You can help yourself to the soft drinks and they also have a bar to order something stronger.  (Sold separately)
Sweet Lucy's have special events like all you can eat nights. events for mothers day etc. It's good to get on their mailing list to keep up.
All the tables have condiments and a roll of paper towels that you will need. 
If you're in the mood for some good barbecue ribs, chicken, brisket, sausage etc. Great sides like sweet potato mash, mash potatoes, collard greens,  cornbread and more, take a trip to Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse.  My advice......don't wear white  :)
P.S They have there own parking lot.

I
I've been to North Carolina, I've been to Tennessee, I lived in Texas.  But I love me some Sweet Lucy's.  We discovered this gem when my husband lived in Northeast Philadelphia and we've been making our way there ever since.  

I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but in case you're concerned, here are a few of my faves:

The Salmon - Friday Nights - This is my fave and I get so bummed every time I go that it's not Friday.  It's just amazingly good.  

The pulled pork  - cooked just right, juicy and melts in your mouth.  Add a little extra sauce if you like it saucy!

And the sides....#1 Mac and Cheese. #2 pretty much anything else.  I always go for the vinegary Cucumber Tomato Salad and this part trip I got the Brussel Sprouts and Bacon.  Regardless, I'm never disappointed.

Lastly, the cornbread. Always pick the cornbread - it's the best cornbread I have ever had - sweet, but not overly so, fresh corn inside, and tastes great dipped in their BBQ sauce.

On top of all of this, they keep getting better - they added beer a few years ago, now they've expanded the dining area.  Wins all around.
I would like to preface this review with pointing out that no one need get their panties in a bunch about the 3 star rating I giving this place. Sweet Lucy's is has its strengths but I have went twice now and still feel cheated on the swine after hearing all the hype about this great BBQ truck turned restaurant. Frankly, the famed pulled pork missed entirely on consistency and flavor each time I've had it. I can forgive the flavor, that I know I am picky on, but not the consistency. That's what BBQ is all about, the consistency, and the pork i had needed six more hours in the cooker for god's sake! And since pork and BBQ go hand-in-hand (unless your in Texas) I feel I am being generous with my rating. 

While on the topic on the need for longer cook times. The brisket too needed further artistry in the consistency department. Tough and chewy is not what I expect from slow cooked meats. The pulled chicken had redeeming qualities, supple and juicy, though a bit bland. This blandness, however,  was nowhere to be found when it came to smoked rotisserie chicken or hot wings. The wings especially blew me away,  with the hickory aroma and crispiness. Best wings in town so far. 

The beef ribs and the beef tenderloin were also quite good, but less fall-the-bone BBQ good and more just simply well spiced good.  While the kielbasa really delivered, with its nearly smooth texture and slightly sweet flavor.


All in all. 
Lucy's is worth a go for wings and beef but little with regards to pork.
The BYOB factor is also a draw.
Ummmmm yeah..

I've read the rave reviews, and had everyone and their mothers buzzing in my ear about the greatness of Sweet Lucy's. I finally had a chance to make it up there and order a huge family style dinner for me and a couple of my cohorts. It's pretty rustic inside and out, so I had pretty high hopes.

I tried the ribs, the sides, and the other items people were boasting about.. Wow, talk about bland and sour.

Besides the ribs, I was pretty underwhelmed. I am no bbq connoisseur, but the vinegar was way too strong and the bbq flavors were too weak.    

I probably wouldn't be back unless someone else is picking up the tab.
I'm a fairly frequent visitor of Sweet Lucy, and she never lets me down. I tend to stop in when I'm in need of some serious comfort food or having a bad day because I always leave satisfied. It has made its mark on people over the years and it's a pretty busy spot these days. I even hear that they have a buffet on Monday nights now, which is probably pretty crazy.
I've managed to sample a lot of things off the menu...but honestly, what does it for me is the Philly Pork sandwich. It is SO juicy and SO good (anyone who knows me on here by now knows my love for sharp provolone).  I'm also a huge fan of their hickory smoked salmon (only available on Fridays). All of their sides are savory, especially the cornbread. The bourbon chocolate chip bread pudding is heavenly as well. Prices are fair. Service is quick. The only thing I wish is that they would ditch the styrofoam. I feel like the company makes enough money to be a little bit more environmentally friendly.
Strangely, this is the place everyone praises, but I haven't really had a dynamite meal here. I think Fette Sau and Phoebe's BBQ are better options, but BBQ is a very personal thing so if you like Sweet Lucy's sauces, then this will probably be your fave place. I feel the meats here are on the tough side. I feel the waitstaff is perhaps the friendliest of all the places and maybe that's why people like this place. The other two places I've mentioned have pretty nicely done, tender meat. Fette Sau is priced high and has seating and Phoebe's is on the inexpensive side and is basically takeout.
This was one of my bookmarks I wanted to try and tonight was perfect opportunity to go, so I took my parents . It was slightly little tricky to get there but once I got there it was pretty simple. Its located near industrial area attached to a warehouse . We parked got inside. once you get in boards on top with menu ,you place your order Pay & they call out your name . We had standard-included whole chicken ,one meat , & 4 sides. The greens ,baked beans,garlic mash potatoes & cucumber salad were on point. Sweet tea hit  the spot  And food came out quickly. Will I go back,Hell yeah! Winner,winner smokehouse dinner?!
First off, I can't believe they don't have a perfect 5-star rating on here...

I went there again yesterday with my lady and you'd think we're a bunch of fat-asses.  For starters, I would suggest your first time be on a Monday night when they have the all you can eat buffet.  It's a little pricey ($18.95 a head) but the food you're getting far exceeds the price.  Everything on their menu is part of the buffet and is literally mouth-watering BBQ x's 10.

On a regular day, I get the pulled pork platter with a side of mac-n-cheese and garlic mashed potatoes.  The mac-n-cheese has some of the burnt top on it like mom makes and from what everyone else says, it's exactly like eating down south.

Sweet Lucy's started as a food truck that served the factory workers in the area (this is why the store is located where it is now).  From what I heard, they won an award for being like the best southern-style food and best food truck one year, so they decided to open a restaurant.  Thank the gods above for that!

Rarely do we go up to Northeast Philly to eat because we love the Northern Liberties restaurants, but Sweet Lucy's is worth the drive and I recommend it to everybody.
We had our rehearsal dinner here and it was AWESOME! The food was incredible and the staff was so sweet. Pulled chicken, pulled pork, sliced brisket, garlic mashed potatoes with gravy, Mac and cheese, cucumber tomato salad, Caesar salad with cornbread croutons, cornbread, and fixings. Everything was delicious and worth the calories. I'm getting married tomorrow (AAAAH!) but my first thought when getting home from Sweet Lucys was writing this review. They went above and beyond and set up a private room for us in the back with gorgeous restrooms. 

Special shoutout to Alison (catering coordinator) and Nathan and Rich (server and bartender)! Thanks again for making our rehearsal dinner incredible!
*Disclaimer*
I ate at a catered event, not the restaurant

Went to a VIP pre-party for the First Person Story Grand-Slam and was blessed enough to finally try their grub. As it was buffet hotel pan food that was prepared at least earlier that day (though really, what BBQ isn't), I wasn't anticipant of wonderful things, but I also didn't expect it to be too bad; I was wrong, it was great.

I got to sample the pulled pork and pulled chicken, both of which came dry rubbed rather than sauced, and was pleasantly surprised (I generally like my pulled meat to be dripping with sauce). I sauced up the pork and was quite happy with it: very juicy, not too spicy and even less smokey, but still very good and worth trying again, which I did twice. On a whim, I decided to give the chicken a shot as is, and was glad that I did. The dry rub on the chicken had such a mild and yet savory flavor that, had I put it on, I fear it's greatness would have been overpowered by the sauce (which makes me wonder if i did right by drenching the pork.... future samplings will tell). 

The biggest pleaser and surprise came with the mac and cheese; it was served in that nice and creamy style most of you love, which isn't usually my cup o' tea, but it was also very well flavored. I couldn't quite put my finger on the taste because I was sucking down the Hop Devils on that oh so hot day, but it had to be (among other things) garlic or onion powder I detected in there, and it simply set the flavor bouquet off inside my mouth; seconds were had, but I was kicking myself for filling up on that moist and sweet corn bread instead of thirds and fourths of those toothsome macaronis.

Word is they do an all you can eat night here, so emmett will have to get there real soon...
I hadn't had this prepandemic so I wasn't sure what to expect for their takeout quality. The pulled pork was delicious, even better with the vinegar sauce. I really enjoyed the Brussel sprouts because they were made with bacon but were also creamy, which is something I've never had. The cornbread was good, as were the other sides. Not pictured was the brisket which I think was the best one and I will definitely be getting it next time we grab takeout.
I've long heard about this spot but since I'm not huge on BBQ I have to really be in the mood, it took a while for me to try them out.  Well Sweet Lucy's day finally came on a weekday for take home lunch.  I checked out their menu before heading over and placed an order.  I've heard the chicken is good, and the brisket caught my eye so I went for the 1/2 chicken and brisket combo ($2 extra for the 1/2 chicken) not sure what other kind of chicken would have been an option, maybe the wings? not sure, I didn't ask.  It came with 3 sides, ugh I wasn't prepared for the pressure, I got double mac and cheese and wanted to throw a veggie in so I went with the creamy cheese spinach, which I instantly wanted change because eww who likes creamed veggies, but I stuck with it.  

I walked in before the 20 mins I had been quoted, took a look around, apparently there is a newly added bar, this was my first visit so I'm not sure what it looked like before.  When you walk in there is a sign for pick up phone orders which is nice because I knew right were to go.  Was greeted promptly, gave my name and paid was told it would be a few, no worries I headed to the ladies room.  The restroom was for one, nice spacious and clean. When I walked out I noticed at the regular register there were samples of the chocolate chip  bread pudding which made happy because I had actually toyed with the idea of ordering it.  I took a sample, it was good. Inside dining area from a glance had like a barnyard feel, not in a bad way, but kind of like when you went on a school trip and you all got together for lunch in the designated lunch spot, if you know what I mean.     My food was done, my bag weighed a ton, but was packed nicely.

Got home food was still nice and hot, but it looked like they had forgot my brisket... Nope its there, UNDER the chicken... Ughh I truly hate when my meats touch.. I don't order things that have multiple meats for this reason.. I was instantly turned off especially when I lifted the chicken to find shredded meat.. I was expecting sliced brisket, not pulled beef, sigh.  I removed the 1/2 chicken cut it in half and dished out the meal.. while doing this I picked at the brisket.. nope, not a fan.  The chicken was pretty good, I like the smoke which made me feel like I would enjoy their wings more.  The mac and cheese was okay. The star believe it or not was the Creamy cheese Spinach... It was banging!  I ate the brisket with the cornbread a little later in the day, I was right with the first taste I was not a fan of the brisket AT all, I was actually happy they didn't give much because I was eating it out of obligation rather than enjoyment.  The cornbread was better than the brisket. 

I would sum this up to be a 2.5 star review, but I think if I switch my order around, maybe go for the wings, scratch the brisket, some more of that spinach, I'd enjoy it much more. I rounded up due to the overall good pick up service.
One bite take me home
All you can eat Monday night
I ate everything

Uhhhhhhh, yeah. This may be a short review as the meat sweats subside and the food coma sets in. Let's start with the place itself. If heading south on State you'll want to go a bit slow as there trailer smoker is the only sign you'll get. Heading north on State from say Cottman you'll see several huge signs on their warehouse location. 

I was impressed with their outfit. Most BBQ places are down and dirty, smoke stained walls with the woman's touch of a men's locker room. Not the case here, very clean and spacious with several flat screens in the dining area.

Ok, so all that B.S. aside let's get to the food! I had the two meat combo plate which comes with cole slaw automatically and you choose two sides, and roll or corn bread. Get the corn bread, I don't usually eat mine and today I ate the whole thing. I chose the ribs and brisket for my meats and I just can't say enough how much I enjoyed both. I can't say they were the best I've ever had, but I can't think of better either. My one criticism would be that "Texas brisket"  should be served as full strips cut from the brisket. What I got was "chopped beef brisket"...but it was delicious either way. In fact, I didn't look back at the menu and they very well may have served me the wrong thing...either way I am fat and happy. 

Now the real kicker here folks are the sides. You see, most BBQ joints do one thing well, a few things fine, and the sides are an after thought. Again, not the case here. This is the first time I can remember eating and enjoying EVERYTHING that came with.

Whatever shock I felt at the $16 price for the food and Iced Tea was forgotten the second I opened my container. I choose my favs by quality, not quantity and you actually get both here! 

Oh crap, before I forget ALL YOU CAN EAT MONDAY NIGHTS! $18 people. I may suggest this be a Yelp event...I think I just did.
"The Outback of BBQ"

Sweet Lucy's may be the real deal, but it dealt out a chain restaurant performance.

However, what lacked in tang was more than made up for in local Northeast flavor. 

Thuggin' pigs, down-low bottoms, uniformed prison guards with busted hair and designer nails, styrofoam plates, plastic utensils, spools of blinding-white paper towels, foil-sealed whipped butter tubs, a weird form that asks for your office FAX number, Code Orange meat warning labels, porcine ceramics and collectables, an unexpected appearance by a screaming Swee'Pea, and enough rib bones to re-key Fred Flinstone's xylophone. That about sums it up.

We got the 4-plate with three sides so it's safe to say I ate my way through Lucy's greatest hits. The brisket was the clear winner, but no item impressed. The chicken, the ribs, the pork, they were all ... fine. 

The collards were weirdly spiced (cayenne?) and the mac and cheese lacked lightness, crunch or charm. Just gook. I'd skip those items and stick with the whipped sweet potatoes and cornbread, which was as fluffy as a Jiffy mix and just as naughty. 

The homemade sweet tea is exceptional: the flavors are tea first, sweet second, crack third. There's a free refill and you'd be crazy not to take it.

It's all just good enough to make you want BBQ again -- but just.
I think Sweet Lucy's has won pretty much every local BBQ restaurant competition they've ever entered, and for good reason. I am a picky BBQ snob born & raised in the south (with even pickier parents) and we all agree that Sweet Lucy's has some of the best on either side of the Mason-Dixon. Unlike a lot of so-called "BBQ" establishments, they actually smoke their meat rather than cooking it in an oven and slathering on Liquid Smoke.

I haven't had anything here that I haven't loved (they even have less than typical BBQ fare like kielbasa and smoked salmon) but my top recommendation would have to be the melt-in-your-mouth pulled pork. Delicious homemade side options include garlic mashed potatoes, mac & cheese, collard greens, baked beans and more. And the best part is that a whole platter of awesome food (say, a pulled pork sandwich, 2 sides and corn bread) will run you only $7-10. Sweet Lucy's is well worth the drive to the culinary void that is NE Philly and super easy to get to - the Cottman Ave. exit on 95 nearly puts you in their parking lot, where spaces are plentiful. It's in an old warehouse that has been delightfully refurbished in a kitschy farmhouse/country cottage motif and there is tons of seating, both booths and tables. The employees are always smiling & the service is fast. Can't recommend this place highly enough.
Sweet Lucy's has a nice homelike feel to it.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I was stupid to have eaten late in the afternoon before going there, because once I walked in the door, the aroma of spicy greens and smoked meat gave me the yummies.  So I had to order something...the chili seemed an easy choice...spicy, full of meat.  I also had a side of corn bread which was light and moist...perfect.  My eyeballs were definitely taking in the ribs from friends plates.  They smelled great.

So from my limited vantage point as far as menu selection, I would make the trek back to sink my teeth into those ribs, and I think the place has a fine open atmosphere that was really comfortable.
So good people! I went back for lunch today and stuck with the ribs and brisket combo plate. I switched up my sides and went with mac and cheese and tomato cucumber salad. I know, I know, before anyone starts busting my balls about it let me say I was trying new things and I thought a light and crisp side would compliment everything well.....and I was right, it was good.

Go here for BBQ
I guess I was expecting too much when I went to Sweet Lucy's this weekend. I went on a Friday night with a group of fellow yelpers. Good thing it wasnt packed. 

I went for the ribs with collard greens and garlic mash for sides. The food took quite some time or maybe it felt longer because I had to stand there and wait for it. I was disappointed by the lack of sause choices. I must be spoiled by Famous Dave's. The ribs were nice and tender. I had extra BBQ on the side because there wasnt enough on the ribs themselves. I didn't taste any garlic in my garlic mash. It was the first time I've ever tried collards greens so they were good but I have nothing to compare them to. 

I would have like some moist towelettes to wipe the BBQ from my fingers when I was done eating but again, I must be spoiled by Famous Dave's. I didn't understand why we were asked "for here or to go" but your food is put in a container either way. Someone explained that they must provide a bag if you are taking it to go. At least you dont have to ask for a box if you dont eat all of your food. It was also pretty cold. I was hit by a breeze from a vent the whole time and ended up with a cold for the rest of the night. 

The tootsie roll that comes with the meal is a nice unexpected touch. :)

All in all, I met new people and had a good time. The prices are good so I would go back to Sweet Lucy's for so fast BBQ food if I am short on time.
Pretty good BBQ for the North Eastern portion of the country. We sampled a little bit of everything. Their wings were good with a nice hickory smoke flavor. With the huge portions I did not feel ripped off at the price tag either. Just a note, their parking lot is pretty small and if you are no familiar with the area be prepared to miss the building altogether. But when you do find it, you are rewarded with a great aroma and tasty tasty meats.
Nothing to write home about- veggies were nasty. But nice venue 

I have a refined taste for BBQ and this wasn't it
Finally went to Sweet Lucy's after years of reading rave reviews. As a serious backyard BBQer for over a decade, I have pretty high standards.  The food here is good, and in fact, VERY good.  Sides were delicious, cornbread was fresh and cake-like. Service was friendly, and efficient.  There is a wide selection of items and combos, and in general, and the prices are very reasonable.

But I came here for 'cue, and that is primarily where my rating comes from.  I had both the brisket and pulled pork as a combo. Both were tender,moist, and lightly smoked. The quality of the meat was fine.  My issue was really one of presentation.  In most Cue places I have visited across the country, brisket is served sliced (and often "chopped" is an option.) Pulled pork (which I normally only order in the Carolinas) is served with sauces (and a topping of cole slaw) optional.  Traditionally (depending on Carolina geography) sauces can be based on Vinegar and spice, sometimes with a little ketchup added, sometime mustard based... you get the picture.

Lucy's serves brisket and pulled pork chopped and pulled respectively, with a sweet ketchup-based (Kansas City Style) sauce already on top. Inasmuch as this is PROBABLY what most Philadelphians (raised on KC Masterpiece or Sweet Baby Ray's) expect, I suspect this approach satisfies 90% of customers.  If you are not picky about your 'cue (meaning you it it A LOT, and at different venues) you will be most happy with what comes out of your Styrofoam container. If you ARE picky about your 'cue, you would notice immediately, that once covered in KC style sauce, it is almost impossible to distinguish between chopped brisket and pulled pork.

In all fairness, I never ASKED if I could have had my brisket sliced, or served "dry" - sauce on the side.  I guess I COULD have ordered cole slaw as one of my sides and topped the pulled pork with it... Maybe I'll go back and try that.

I really hate to ding the place, because they serve up good food at reasonable prices. But in the end, when I can have a comparable 'Cue experience (with a lot more flexibility at a chain like Famous Dave's) I see a mom-and-pop place lose its edge (and I really root for these kinds of places.)
Mm, bbq...  This place turns me into Homer Simpson.  Seriously, this place has the best bbq you'll have this side of the Mississippi R. and Mason Dixon Line.  I mean, I've had bbq in Kansas City, and it was better, but not by much, and Sweet Lucy's certainly provides the best bbq fix around these parts.  This is real, down-home bbq - no chain restaurant food, like at Famous Dave's.  No, sir, this is no-frills, mouth-watering meat perfection.

I first went here with a guy I was dating, who I was not that into at first and who I discovered that I didn't like much as a person after I got to know him.  That's the last time I pick up a guy at a dive bar in Philadelphia...  Anyway, he was obsessed with food, fantasizing about it day and night and plotting which restaurant he'd go to next.  The only good thing that came of that relationship was that he took me to Sweet Lucy's, and now that he doesn't live in the state anymore, I've claimed the place as my own piece of bbq heaven.

They've got pulled pork, chicken, spare ribs, etc.  You name it, they bbq it.  And they serve it up with a sweet and perfectly tangy bbq sauce and corn bread.  Totally yummylicious.  And it's BYOB, so bring whatever quenches your thirst.  I'd recommend a good beer, but to each their own.

So basically, you find this place in a warehouse, amid other warehouses on State's Road in no man's land, just two blocks north off of the Cottman exit of I-95.  It used to be a food truck or something, but it got so popular b/c the food was so freaking good that it expanded into the building it's in at present.  You park in their lot, and you head inside.  Pick something you want off their giant-sized menu and place your order at the window.  Then you can scope out a table or grab a chair by the food window and wait patiently until your order is called.  Then dig in!  This place is huge, so bring 30 of your closest friends, and they'll all fit!  It gets a little noisy, but I didn't mind that my first time there because it drowned out the sound of my date's usual dizzying verbal assault.  And when I bit into my juicy spare ribs that fell off the bone - perfection!  I was in bbq heaven, where I wouldn't have noticed how unpleasant my dining companion was no matter who I was eating with.  And ever since, I go with friends, family, and my current boyfriend, which makes it even better because I get to enjoy amazing, fantastic, finger-licking-good bbq with the people I love.  What could be better than that?

Oh, and each item is under $10 unless you want to make a pig of yourself and order the huge party meals.

P.S. - They used to be closed on Mondays, but now they are open, with an all-you-can eat bbq for $17.95 from 5:00-8:30 p.m. or so.  Check out their menu - the all-you-can-eat is a fantastic deal if you can eat a small country and still have room for dessert...
Finally made the trek out here after hearing so many great things about Sweet Lucy's! We read the reviews and came to the BYO prepared with a 6-pack. 

Since it was Monday, there was the BBQ buffet. The thing that we didn't know is that you HAD to do the buffet if you were dining in. We came not knowing if we were going to commit to that, so we were disappointed that we didn't have an option. 

The BBQ really is as good as everyone says it is, so we were not disappointed in that - only disappointed that we couldn't eat as much as we wanted. Standouts for me were the brisket and mac and cheese. My friend liked the pulled chicken and sweet potato mash. All their chicken is super juicy. Buffet tip: I love fish, but skip the salmon since it's not impressive. The ribs also weren't the best I've had. 

The location isn't ideal, but that meant the place was not packed. The table service was friendly and timely. I want to make a trip back to try their regular menu.
I was there to meet up with some fellow Yelpers and I had no idea what I was getting into.  Sweet Lucy's.  I figured it would be either a dive bar or a  gentleman's club.  I guess I just trust Jim and Lisa enough not to look it up. 

I'm not huge fan of meat and I ate dinner for two in that one visit.  This place has a character that can't be denied.  I have not been to a bbq place like this ever.

Overall, you are into bbq stuff, I don't think you can go wrong at Sweet Lucy's.
I discovered this jewel through my boyfriend who was craving bbq. 

We were pleasantly surprised that the food [and interior of the restaurant] was SO much better than expected. The entrance to the restaurant itself looks suspicious as it's a building that is located in a parking lot within a fence, but it's there! 

All the meats were delicious and so flavorful without being dry at all. Our personal favorites were the pulled chicken, pulled pork, sliced brisket, and kielbasa]. As for the sides, I cannot recommend the mac and cheese more than ever; it's the best mac I've ever had! The other sides were JUST as good but I'm a sucker for cheesey things. The corn bread is also to die for [and I normally HATE corn bread], but I had to grab more to-go as we left. 

Definitely coming back!
This place is worth the trip to the NE and if it was tucked away in a remote corner of Jersey, it would be worth a trip there as well.  The ribs are the absolute best thing on the menu. They fall off the bone and have an amazing smokey flavor. The pulled pork, the brisket, and the half chicken are all amazing in their own way. They have a great daily selection of sides and the pickled accoutrements are delicious. The picnic style tables complete the look and the experience is even more complete since they got their liquor license!
So we haven't been here in a bit of a while, we decided to give it another shot yesterday. We were pleased with our results.

Upon arrival they were having a bridal party so it was a loan to get a seat. The entire dining area was closed off because of this. There were limited seating options at the bar. It took us a good 20-25 minutes to get a seat.

I ordered the philly brisket sandwich, wow! It was delicious! Beef brisket with provolone cheese, caramelized onions. It was supposed to have a horseradish sauce(couldn't taste it). Needless to say it was very good. I ordered it with the Mac and cheese and Cole slaw. Both were good as well. My wife ordered the brisket with collard greens and brussel sprouts. She loves he brisket, she thinks the BBQ sauce is on the sweet side. The greens were good but very salty! Brussel sprouts were good as well. We also split some ribs, meh, neither of us are a big fan. I mean they're okay but I don't think it's anything special. I will say sweet Lucy's has the best cornbread around! We both love it.

We finished with the carrot cake and the apple pie. Both were tasty, the house made whipped cream is spot on. The menu is good but can get expensive. It cost us $57.00 for 2 dinner, half rack ribs, 2 sodas and 2 deserts so I think it's kinda pricey. The place can get really crowded and it's no longer a byob. The beer selection seems good and the beer prices are fair. They are expanding and should be done soon. We would go back, solid 4 stars
Stating the obvious - smoked barbecue is not as regional as it used to be. There was a time when one would've embarked on an lengthy quest for a BBQ joint in NY/NJ/PA. Now, Sweet Lucy's is the 5th or 6th dedicated smokehouse I've discovered in Philadelphia alone.

While I won't go as far to say that it competes with the top notch cue I've enjoyed in North Carolina or Texas, Lucy's provides excellent selection, a cool vibe, and incredible value. 

After standing in a ten minute line (a good sign), I ordered a triple meat platter: pulled pork, sliced brisket, and baby back ribs. It came with a hunk of piping hot cornbread and three (!) sides. Though all looked appealing on the chalked big board menu, I ultimately settled on the baked beans, creamed spinach, and of course, the mac/cheese.

Everything on my (overloaded) tray was great. If I had to pick my favs, I'd say the creamed spinach and the ribs. You can see the smoke rings on the ribs, visible evidence they were cooked low and slow in the smoker. And damn, they tasted good.

My entire meal (with plentyyy of leftovers) was $18.90. Easily the best bang for your buck among the Philly barbecue establishments.
Another favorite that I have somehow managed not to review in like, a decade. How did that happen? 
I've gotten a wedding & a different wedding's rehearsal dinner to serve Sweet Lucy's BBQ... It is the holy grail of Philadelphia Barbecue. 

Whether you're gorging on their Monday night buffet (the last buffet on earth I will subject my body to) or grabbing takeout (don't forget the extra fixin's!) the food is always fan-flipping-tastic. If you're not a buffet person, it's worth going to the one at Sweet Lucy's just once, so you can try one of each of their mouthwatering options in one sitting. (Be forewarned, you may have something like a religious epiphany while there.) Some barbecue joints serve their meat without sauce, but not so at Sweet Lucy's. Theirs is a perfect blend of sweet/tangy/tart/smokey deliciousness that is on the pulled pork, brisket, and ribs, and I always get extra to put on because who wouldn't want extra happiness on their sandwich? (So if you're doing take-out, don't miss the fixin's station to the right of the cash registers. Get some of that business (and some pickles!) to go!)
 
Best Side: Sweet Potatoes
Best Meat: BBQ Pulled Pork (with shout-outs to smoked kielbasa & ribs)

Go hungry, go ravenous, just get there at some point. It's definitely one not to be missed.
How can I begin with this place: it is AMAZING. 

All around five stars- all categories! 

Walking in is an experience in itself! They have so much to look at! All of the menu is up on the wall and sides are updated on a smaller menu on the left! You also get to meet Sweet Lucy! Spoiler- she's the adorable black lab in the photo. 

The cashier had amazing recommendations too! The bar area is small (we did not drink) but they have Henrys soda!

We arrived around 1230 on a Monday afternoon. And the front area had quite a few people there! All different ages and nationalities.  Bathrooms are huge and actually really really nice!!!!! Like WOW. 

Food wise- everyone knows it's spectacular here for food- that corn bread is out of this world. Its remarkable. 
We finished a half rack of ribs with sides of corn bread, cabbage and red peppers, tomato cucumber salad, and sweet mashed potatoes. 
Our coworker got a Piglet meal with barbecue pulled chicken and macaroni and cheese. 
Noteworthy: the cabbage, the ribs, and the cornbread!!!!! 
Our whole meal was only $27!

Thank you sweet Lucy!
This will be quite the mixed review.  We'd heard of the greatness of Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse for years, and finally, my girlfriend and I decided to give it a try.  The area of town where it is located is quite industrial and the outside of the building, unassuming.  The parking lot is adequate for the restaurant's size.  Inside, one is impressed by the open kitchen and the many hard-working hands preparing the meals within.  The seating was comfortable, though the temperature was entirely too cold, with ventilation ducts blowing incredibly hard.  We heard a couple other couples complain that the air conditioning was on too high, but no adjustment to it was made.

As for the food, she had a meal of smoked kielbasa, and I had the Memphis baby back ribs.  More on those later. 

We were not pleased with the bread that arrived.  It was simply a room-temperature, hard, round roll.  It did not add to the meal in any way.  The cornbread, however, was warm, sweet, and delightful.  It is recommended.

We both chose side dishes of the spicy collard greens and the smokehouse chili.  We were both thoroughly impressed with both those sides and could have been overjoyed with meals of just those two... which *can* be done.  Perhaps next time, we will order ahead for a quart of the chili.  It was truly excellent.

We both found the meat of our dishes to be good, but not particularly impressive.  Both the kielbasa and the ribs were well-prepared, but there was nothing special about either.  We could have easily prepared better at home.  Again, they were good, but only that.

The amount of food served was insufficient for adult appetites.  For the amount charged, a greater amount would have been appreciated, if even of only the side dishes. 

Now, for what truly turned us off.  For a top-rated restaurant with fairly-high prices, we were shocked... *shocked* when our meals were brought to us in Styrofoam take-home trays with plastic flatware, sealed in plastic wrapping.  I was about to point-out the waitress' mistake when I noticed others in the restaurant had their meals brought to them the same way.  Said simply, to have the meals presented to us like this completely ruined an otherwise fine night out.  Being served like this says to us, "We're cheap, so hurry up and get out."

Our suggestion is clear.  Please choose to serve your adult patrons on proper ceramic plates with steel flatware.  It will make the experience better for your customers, making them happier, more satisfied, and move them to want to return.  Being served on Styrofoam makes the place seem like a McDonald's.  And we could eat there, spend far less, and be just as satisfied.  Be better.
This place is so sweet!!!! My favorite is the beef brisket, very tasty and perfectly smoked. The macaroni and cheese is better then my moms. On Monday they have a all you can eat buffet. You can try a bit of everything. It's also I. A super cool space ( old warehouse) and they just expanded and it's even better with a tiny bar. You order at a counter but then sit down and they bring it you. Highly recommend
Heard a lot about this place, so I had to try it. Walking in you got a wonderful smoky meat aroma. Menu is pretty extensive and has lots of options. But don't be overwhelmed, the staff is helpful and you'll most likely have a little wait in line to look it over. 

First time here, figured I'd try as many things as I can. So I went with the triple meat combo. Ribs, pulled pork, and brisket, 3 sides of collards, creamed spinach, and coleslaw, also came with cornbread for $17.50...solid price. 

Ribs were nice and smoky with a good spice bark on the outside of a juicy and tender fall off the bone piece of meat. Done very well, not my favorite ribs ever but they were good. I prefer a little sweeter BBQ sauce, but again they were good.

Pulled pork was nice, had good flavor, not my favorite ever. 

Brisket on the other hand was superb. So tender and delicious. Loved it! Will def be ordering probably just brisket next time. Hard to find good brisket that is not real tough or fatty, so great job on the brisket! Mmm.

Collards were nice and tender with a lil kick. Slaw was good, I like it a lil sweeter, especially with a spicier/vinegar based sauce. 
Creamed spinach and cornbread stole the sides show! Recommend both of them.

Nice bar inside with lots of beer options. We will be back.
Delicious. Wish they used real dishes. I felt guilty throwing out all that plastic.
This is the best barbecue in Philly. I have been here so many times and have never been let down. The pulled pork is my favorite, so juicy and the barbecue sauce is the best. The cornbread is sweet and mixed with the collard greens it reminds me of growing up in the south. The food portions are always so large for the price. For those who want to try everything, come in on a Monday when they have an all-you-can eat buffet. Def worth the price. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because if you don't get the buffet on Monday then you can only sit at the bar and the seating is very limited. Other than that this place has incredible barbecue at a great price, charming southern decor, and there's always a tootsie roll in the take out bags.
Oh my god, yum. I'm a displaced Southerner at imminent risk of starving to death north of the Mason-Dixon. Sweet Lucy's might've just saved me, though. They have any kind of BBQ you can imagine, from brisket to kielbasa; I opted for the pulled pork (remarkably like what comes out of my grandpa's smoker for the grill at the family's general store in Middle Georgia). It might've relied a bit too heavily on the sauce, but the meat underneath had a lovely smoky flavor. They also have all the traditional sides: mashed sweet (or regular) potatoes, baked beans, macaroni salad, etc. I got mashed potatoes with gravy, which were wonderful and clearly didn't come out of any box, and the baked mac and cheese, which was passable (my grandma's recipe is the standard of comparison, never yet matched, so my expectations of mac are probably pretty ridiculous). The cole slaw is quite tasty, rather than a perfunctory afterthought. The cornbread wasn't to my taste---it's sweet cornbread not savory and that's not how I grew up on it--but I have a feeling the leftovers will vanish from my fridge somehow. Lastly, the sweet tea is the *real deal*, not the watered down, derivative crap McDonald's started serving last year. 

I told the girl at the counter that I was from down south and the restaurant smelled like home to me; she said "I've been working here a couple months and I still eat every lunch from here. It's really good!"

The portions are very generous. My pulled pork platter to go cost $11.38 and it'll feed me twice; it was 4:00 by the time I got to Sweet Lucy's not having eaten a thing all day and I still could eat only about half of what I got.

The ambience of this place is extremely unfancy; it's in a corner of an old warehouse in the run-down post-industrial exhaust-smelling neighborhood near State and Cottman. Probably you don't want to take your prom date here. Unless your prom date is for real serious about good BBQ. In which case: score!

I'm going back real soon to get some Texas Brisket. And all the sweet tea I can drink. I can brew it myself at home but somehow the world's a more welcoming place when I can go out and get some that someone else made!
Barbecue is meant to be eaten out of styrofoam containers, a roll of paper towels on the table, and sauce kept warm in a hot stewing pot. This is how it's served at Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse.

Make sure you take your GPS to get here. It's located in a sketchy neighborhood in this large warehouse building. It's quite easy to miss if you weren't looking for it.

The food is very satisfying though. The ribs, the kielbasa, pulled pork, and pulled chicken are moist, deliciously smoked, and tender. I recommend getting one of the platters where you can choose up to 4 different types of meat to complete your meal. You also get 3 sides with the meat. The macaroni and cheese is awesome... super cheesy, the collard greens, sweet potato, and baked beans are also very good. Another stand out is the corn bread. The flavor of the bread and the fluffy texture make it quite satisfying. 

If you're a barbecue fan, definitely try it out!
While visiting Asheville, NC, I was searching for the best BBQ places to eat. While on my Internet hunt, I kept turning up results for Sweet Lucy's, which was in my hometown on Philadelphia.  I didn't help me at the moment, but it instantly made it onto my must-try list.  

I made the way out to the Northeast for dinner with Jonny and Kristen with out love our barbecue ready to be satiated.  Sadly, we went on Monday night, which only offers a $20 all you can eat buffet.  We were able to order take out though, so the night was salvaged.  Peering into the dining room, I saw that we wouldn't be missing much in the way of atmosphere.  The buffet was small but seemed to include most of sides and all of the meats.  I can't and don't want to eat $20 worth of food, so the take out menu was a good alternative. 

There are a lot of good options on the take out menu, and there are different meals to feed any number of people.  For the three of us to split we ordered a pound of four different meats, a half rack of ribs, four different sides, and cornbread.  We ordered and only had to wait a short time to get our food.  

Back at my house, we divided up all of the food onto our plates.  The first thing I had was the baked beans, and it was basically love at first taste.  The baked beans, like nearly everything I ate from Sweet Lucy's, had such a good flavor. The blend of spices on the sides, meat, and sauce was perfectly blended.  The mashed sweet potatoes were also a delicious side dish, and I would say those two are must-trys.  I was less than impressed, however, with the creamed spinach.  

For the meats, we got to try five different things.  We had smoked kielbasa, which was good if you're a fan of the meat, but didn't lend itself well to the BBQ style.  We also ordered the beef brisket, pulled pork, and pulled chicken.  All of these were tasty, with the pork being my favorite.  I was impressed with all of them.  Still, because the same sauce and general cooking method is used with the aforementioned three, the only real difference lies in the texture of the meats. Stick with the one you like the best for your preferred Lucy's experience.

The ribs were very good, but not as tender as I like.  The taste and blend on the meat was awesome, but the cooking could use some work.  They were still excellent. The cornbread was a perfect accompaniment, tasty and moist.  At the end of the evening, we all had enough to eat at about half the cost of the buffet.  I can't really see any benefits to eating in at Lucy's, but it's nice that it's BYOB.

Bottom Line: I'm holding Lucy's to a very high standard.  And despite that, they still pass in my book. I love barbecue and there's so many good options at Lucy's.  I like this place a lot and plan to eat here again, annoying Northeast visit and all.
I took a star off this time because some of the meat on my ribs was a little tough instead of fall off the bone. This place is still great! I've been here probably about 20 times but this was the first takeaway I've had and earlier in the afternoon. We ordered the pig out meal for 4- comes with 1 slab of ribs, 1/2 chicken and a lb of meat- we chose sliced beef brisket which was $4 more but so worth it. The beef brisket is so good. It also comes with 4 sides and cornbread. We chose 2 Mac n cheese, baked beans d and no sweet potatoes. We also ordered a lb of bbq pulled pork and a side of the cucumber tomato salad. I know it's just cucumber tomato salad but I love it. Perfect amount of sour and sweetness. I didn't get the kielbasa this time and kind of regret it because I know how good it is. If you haven't been here yet, go!!
After wanting to try this place for awhile, we finally came here for lunch recently. There are not many legitimate barbecue places in the Philadelphia area, but this is definitely one of them. This is a random area of northeast Philadelphia that is pretty industrial looking. The good thing about this is, they have a parking lot! That's a huge plus for me. The inside has a pretty rustic feel to it and reminds you of a BBQ joint you would see in the south. They have pretty much every item you could want at a BBQ place. They have platters with a variety of items you could get if you were bringing dinner home for your family or something. The girl working at the counter was nice and helpful. I just ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, which was really good. The sandwiches all come with two sides, so I got a brownie and mac and cheese. Everything was great. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich which I also tried and that was good. They have the pepsi version of the coke machine that makes all the different drinks, which is nice. They also have alcoholic drinks here, which I did not have any but would be nice if coming on a weekend. I would definitely come here again, although it is not an area I typically am in, we stopped here on the way to Jersey. If you're looking for good BBQ, try this place.
I went to Sweet Lucy's for lunch one day with coworkers and was so wowed, I actually had them cater a party at my house a few weeks later. Sorry for the lack of pictures with the review today. I was too busy stuffing my face when I was here. This isn't the type of place that's reaching to impress with high end flatware and candlelight. It's all pretty basic, but great. 

I've tried the chicken, brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Every single one of these meats has exceeded my expectations, but My personal taste causes me to favor the pulled pork and brisket. My favorite sides are the mac and cheese and baked beans. I haven't tried the tangy cucumber and tomato salad, but I have heard nothing but positive things about it. The BBQ sauce is sweet but also tangy. 

I would definitely give this place a try if you're a BBQ fan. It more than satisfies my BBQ cravings and I leave stuffed every time!
There's no place like home. There's NO PLACE like home. There's NO PLACE LIKE HOME. 

Poor little Ettya F. gets homesick occasionally. Luckily Philly doesn't totally abandon her in her great times of need. 

Corn bread: isn't just like Mom used to make, but it's close enough...and sopped in some real Southern style sweet BBQ sauce, who can tell the difference anyhow? 

Brisket: it's melty off the bone-y. It's oozing with sauce. It's loves your tongue like horses love hay. 

Pulled pork: it's meaty...not fatty...not chewy. It's tender and smokey and scrumptious. 

Cole Slaw: it's a little mayonnaise-y...and not the Kewpie kind either. This means it's creamy and fattening...just how vegetables should be.

Get yourself an Alan Jackson CD, a '57 Chevy, and a cute lil' farmer's daughter and go have yourself some real BAR BEEE QUE.
I went to Sweet Lucy's for a luncheon with coworkers.  I had been hearing about how awesome the BBQ is and I couldn't wait to try it.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, baked beans, and macaroni and cheese.  Unfortunately, I was terribly disappointed.

The pulled pork was just "okay".  It wasn't as smoky as I thought it would be, and I needed more BBQ sauce.  The beans...well, I'm never satisfied with baked beans at these types of establishments (usually they are undercooked), and they just did nothing for me.  Last, the macaroni was cheesy, but it had the look and taste of cafeteria food.  

I'm really sad because it's so close to my job and would've been a great addition to my lunch rotation, but I honestly can't recommend this place.  I must have ordered the wrong items....I would probably try one more time to see if it was just a bad day.  But man, what a let down.
I've been here on many occasions for lunch and dinner, and I've never had a real bad meal.

I personally don't think that it's the best I've ever had, but in Philadelphia, it has to be one of, if not the best!

I've never found a place with sides that are absolutely killer, and Sweet Lucy's is the same.  However, the sweet potatoes are really good.

Service is fast, plenty of seats, and a nice atmosphere.  They cater, too!
Over  the last 10 years there have been many new BBQ places in town.  Sweet Lucy's was one of the first of the new wave.

They have a decent dining room with a fast food type atmosphere.  Friendly and helpful folks take your orders and make your food.

Ah!  The food.  ribs done nicely - to my taste - meaty not too sweet sauce and not burned/crispy - ya I know some of y'all (hey it's a bbq place, huh?) like the crispy/semi burned ribs but not this guy...FWIW perhaps it's an old wives tail but I hear burned meat helps the big c along...

But enough about my dark fears - after all how concerned about my health am I if I'm eating BBQ AND sweet Lucy's great mac and cheese, corn bread and suchlike!

They also do dynamite BBQ chicken and nice pulled pork too.  Beef brisket is on offer but I like ribs...so I have not sampled it but once when SWMBO let me try a bit of hers - it's good but hey they have RIBS!

They also do take out and will help you cater Thanksgiving.  Yeah the area is sketchy but their lot is kind of fenced in and the folks there seem fine...give it a shot I think you will like it!
Good thing I didn't check out the Yelp rating before I went there, or I wouldv've expected much more from Sweet Lucy's. As it was, I went with no expectations and I was still disappointed. The food was cold, watery, not at all tender, and 3x as expensive for what is essentially fast food. And I could've gotten a better meal at Boston Market.

On the plus side, it was the first time I had collard greens, and they were good. But it was the only highlight of a meal I could've whipped up in my kitchen in half the time.

Normally I'm anti-chain, but I'll take Famous Dave's any day of the week over this over-rated mess.
I finally got out here after missing the UYE get together. Now I wished I'd gone. I"m sure it would have been a blast.

Sweet Lucy's is situated in the middle of a bunch of warehouses/industrial type area in NE Philly. It has a nice wide open space with plenty of seating and I believe if memory serves a fair amount of brick. There are several plasma/flat screens on the wall for your TV viewing pleasure. And they had some newer type country/western playing on the stereo while I was there.

I ordered the 2 meat combo platter with pulled pork and beef brisket. I got the mac and cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes as my sides.  I barely had time to fill up my cup with lemonade before my order popped out. 

The pulled pork was as several others have alluded to, really really really really good. It didn't need any sauce on it at all. The beef brisket was nice and tender and had a nice vinegar tang to it. Unfortunately I couldn't taste a lot of smoke/hickory in it. A little BBQ sauce paired with it well and gave it added flavor. The BBQ sauce was tangy and sweet, which i liked.

The mac and cheese was nice and creamy but it had some nice crunchy bits in it too. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent, though some of it wasn't as mashed as it should have been. The gravy was a little watery for my taste however. It didn't taste bad, but I didn't like the consistency. The coleslaw that came with it had some crunch to it, but had no bite to it. It needed some more pepper and/or some onions.

While I can't say this was the best BBQ I've ever had, it was definitely good overall. I'll be back to try the pulled BBQ chicken and kielbasa. 

BTW Lulu, I do have possession of my wits, thank you very much.
Sweet Lucy's just catered a going away party for our son last night and we could not have been more impressed!  The food was delivered exactly on time, piping hot, and delicious.  We ordered the smoked salmon (tender with a side serving of spicy Cajun sauce, pulled chicken and sweet brisket. Sides were baked beans, cucumber & tomato salad and mac & cheese. Everything was hot, juicy and delicious and I loved the fact that they included an assortment of side sauces, pickles, onions and even lemon slices for the salmon. There was plenty of corn bread and plenty of tasty rolls for sandwich-making.

 They did not miss a beat and everyone LOVED the food.  I would be remiss if I did not admit that my first call for this event was to Famous Dave's but the catering person NEVER responded to my phone call and I realized I needed a lesser known local option. Sweet Lucy's was a hit!
Yepppp. I approve!! I'm not a huge BBQ fanatic but my colleague (who's on a diet) was craving some really good BBQ. He suggested we try Sweet Lucy's. I obliged. After all, regardless of where I go, there's always something on the menu I can order. I decided to go with the half rotisserie chicken. O. M. G. !!! Talk about delicious!!! The flavor was impeccably impeccable lol. I got the sauce on the side. Man listen ... if you're looking for some good BBQ, you need to try this place. 

It comes with a warning that the pink inside is due to how it's cooked but not to worry and that it's cooked through and through. It was definitely pink inside so I was happy for the notice. 

My friend ordered the trifecta. Everything was doused in BBQ sauce. It was so much food AND he ate every bit of it!!! Guess he was really craving some goody good GoodT!!!
Whoa that's awesome mac&cheese!  The chicken is so tender, juicy and delicious as well.  I almost missed this place driving up.  It's in a warehouse type district, and has a huge chainlink fence up.  Once inside, you'll see that it is well decorated, and smells amazing.  I came here on recommendation by fellow Yelpers, and I would say, overall, I was certainly not disappointed.  The garlic mashed potatoes were awesome as well, BUT my ribs were a bit dry and the brisket was a bit wet.  I know it's probably a preference thing (much like chopped or sliced steaks) but I prefer sliced brisket, not a jumbled "pull."  It was definitely delicious, but it was swimming a bit much as if it were a pulled pork sandwich.  SO, besides those two complaints (plus diamond in the 'rough' location) I'd definitely go here again.
Hands down Sweet Lucy's gets 5 stars! I love BBQ and this place is freaking delicious. Monday nights they do AYCE buffet full of  variety of meats, sides, and desserts. Everything is smoked and cooked to perfection. The meat literally falls off the bone. Some of my favs are the ribs(obvi), pulled pork and chicken, and the turkey. Add some color to your plate with mashed sweet potatoes, creamed spinach, baked beans, and Mac and cheese. Save room for warm cookies, brownies, and apple crisp with creamy vanilla ice cream. Don't forget to bring a fork lift to carry you out of here! Soooooooo good!
Yes, it's that good. Better than any of the places I've tried before in Philly, and probably some of the best BBQ I've had north of South Carolina. All you CC want to bes, take note.

My family and I split a chicken, a rack of ribs, greens, cornbread, beans, and garlic mashed. 

As the pictures show, the chicken is pretty darn large. We were expecting one of the smaller ones you get at the supermarket. All the meat w ehad was perfectly cooked, with a hint of smoke and just the right amount of sweet and lightly tangy sauce. Ribs and chicken were both delicious, and the overall cost of the meal was 1/2 what we would have spent in town for a similar amount of food.

The greens were amazingly good, lightly spicy but full of flavor with no woody stalks. We ended up taking a quart of these home. Garlic mashed were apparently really good, as my son woofed them down before I had a bite! Beans were ok, but the pulled pork in them didn't do it for me. 

The cornbread needs special mention. Someone posted a review saying 'cornbread is just bread'. They were apparently eating out of a dumpster someplace, as the cornbread here is absolutely delicious. Sweet, yet not sickly so, firm, yet light and tender when bitten, with whole kernels of corn sprinkled throughout, this is some of the best cornbread I've had in a long time.
Let me preface this review with saying that I just spent a week in San Antonio for work, and had what I consider to be the best BBQ I've ever had.

Kristine and I ended up here for an unofficial yelp even set up by jim h.  He lured us in with a place that had a parking lot (which was ample and easy to park in).  It was good to see some of the people we met at the last burb event, and fun to meet friends of those people who were non-yelpers.

Walking in you get a quick sense that it is going to take you alot of time to decide what you want.  Their menu is long, big and a bit daunting...but that's a good thing.  

Kristine went with the bbq chicken with baked beans and garlic mash for her sides.  She raved about the beans, and was satisfied with the chicken and mash.  I got the turkey and brisket with mashed sweet potato and mac and cheese.  I really liked the brisket (although it was more like shredded beef than what i thought of as brisket) and the mac and cheese.  The turkey was really dry and almost inedible and the mashed sweet potatoes were decent but a bit too much after awhile.

Sweet Lucy's is a good attempt at the real thing.  The meats are good, the sauce is good, the sides are....well you get the point.  It didn't blow us out of the water, but we would definitely go back again, maybe this time for lunch or for the buffet.  The one complaint we have(and Kristine wanted this point driven home) is in their seemingly infinite variations of potato they have available....WHY NO FRIES?!?
Pretty great barbecue.  Sweet Lucy's has been on my list to try for a while, I was glad to finally make an excuse to go.

I ordered the pulled pork, the meat was flavorful and pulled into small chunks.  The meat wasn't dry, it paired well with the sauce and made a good sandwich.  Quite a bit of flavor here.

There was only one style of sauce that I saw, it was a very traditional Texas style sauce.  It was pretty good.

My meal came with three sides.  I ordered the collard greens, the cole slaw, and the brussel sprouts.  The brussel sprouts were the best of the bunch.  Earthy taste with some sweetness from the caramelized onions.  I would have liked a little more of a crispiness to the sprouts, but I'm nit picking.  The cole slaw was pretty good too, a tangier slaw that paired with the meat well.  I don't think it is a slaw that I would really eat on it's own, but in my opinion, it matters most that the slaw works with the pulled pork.  The collard greens were good, they did have some meaty flavor to them, they weren't my favorite, but they were pretty good as well.

The corn bread was moist, only a tad sweet, pretty dense.  Better than other places that I've had.

Overall, a very good meal.  I came here hearing that this was the best barbecue in the area.  While I think it is excellent BBQ, there are a couple other well known places in the area that I like a little better.
Still haven't visited back to the actual location, but today my office ordered catering from here for lunch - wow-e-wow, was this good.  I'd forgotten what it tasted like and was pleasantly surprised.

We had: pulled pork meat & rolls for sandwiches (BBQ sauce on the side), smoked chicken, mac & cheese, coleslaw, salad, cornbread and a wide variety of desserts (cobbler, bread pudding, cookies, brownies, etc.)

For only $12.99 a person, it was SO worth it - definitely my favorite catering place we've ordered from thus far.

Rolls were potato-style and super fresh.  Meat was tender and juicy (and the BBQ sauce was FANTASTIC - nice and vinegary with a little sweetness).  Coleslaw and mac and cheese were absolutely perfect (I had 2 helpings of each).  I skipped the salad (cause with all that unhealthy stuff, why pretend I'm gonna eat it?) and bread pudding and cookies were amazing.

THAT CORNBREAD THO.  So effing good.  I had 2 hefty pieces and had to actively stop myself from eating a third.

Overall, I am super happy with our choice and will absolutely encourage the office to order from there again.
Sweet Lucy's just by the name you just cannot resist. This BBQ spot edges Tommy Gunz in parking anything else I can pit them side by side . Tommy Gunz just has better Ribs (Philly Style) 
Go for the Monday madness and run all the way to Yardley the next day.
I love me some Sweet Lucys!!!! awesome Texas Brisket!!!
I know I am outnumbered here but I didn't think Sweet Lucy's was that good.  I ordered Ribs, Mac & Cheese and Baked Beans and everything was just ok.
Had dinner here this evening which happened to be a Friday night which allowed me try the smoked salmon platter (Friday's only). The BBQ aroma hits you as soon as you step out of your car in the parking lot. When you walk in you order at the register and then sit while you wait for your name to be called. There is bar and a waitress came around and offered to refill alcoholic beverages. Food and non-alcoholics drinks were self serve. 

All platters come with three sides. There were many to chose from. I went with the mac & cheese, Brussel sprouts w/bacon, and creamed spinach.

The salmon was delicious. The portion size was very generous. What I would consider two portions. It tasted like smoke salmon you would get at a Jewish deli but was a whole piece of fish. I have never had that before and I will definitely need to have it again! I just need to remember to go on Fridays. They did have a sandwich version that looked like it was available daily.

First tip about the sides, there is a board next to the register with additional offerings that are not listed on the large over head board. I changed my order last minute when I saw the extra items. The Mac & cheese was my favorite side. Super creamy and cheesy. Definitely not Kraft! I did not like the Brussel sprouts. They were hard to recognize as Brussel sprouts which I didn't mind but they just didn't have much of a taste to them. The spinach was cheesy and creamy as well. Too cheesy with the other sides and they came home with my leftovers . 

The table drank Magners Pear cider which is a rare find and is a treat if you've never had it! 

The service was friendly and look a reasonable amount of time considering how busy it was. This was a small gathering of friends that haven't seen each other in a while. We stayed well past closing and the staff was kind about letting us continue to chat while they cleaned up. 

Can wait I go back to try some other sides. Wish the salmon was available every night!
Stopped in last week and ordered wings. They where excellent! Staff was very friendly.
Delicious, I took my mom and she loved it. I was just bummed that I got stuffed really fast and didn't get my money's worth. i will next Monday when i go back. The buffet was great and the place is real cozy and comfy, almost like a family style place. Don't let the warehouse exterior fool ya. you know it's good when you see half the place full of cops and fire fighters.
Wow I am surprised that it took me as long as it did to try Lucy's Smoke House. I was on a BBQ crave since I've had some Filipino BBQ in Delaware and I needed something closer to home.

The restaurant was very spacious with a lot of seatings to choose from. This place also offer an all-you-can-eat on Monday nights. I will definitely be coming back for that. You order as you come in and given a number to take to your table. All the entrees were served in to go boxes for easy clean up.

During my two visits here I've had: Baby back ribs, briskets, bbq salmon, baked beans, collard greens, coleslaw and potato salad. The ribs were good but not as amazing as I thought they would be. The ribs could be a bit more tender. The briskets were amazing, they were the true star of the show. BBQ salmon was really moist and flavorful, although very expensive, it was rather small for the price. All the side dishes sufficed but leaned toward the sour side of the flavor scale. I would like them to have more sweetness, especially the baked beans.

A fun and delicious destination. Quite pricey, I would definitely go here on Monday nights for their buffets. With what you're paying for a full meal, it will probably be a much better deal to pay the $25 and have everything be available for you. Swing by here if you're in the area, it will be worth your time.
I love Sweet Lucys. Just thinking of this place makes my mouth water.

The food is soooo good, and honestly the prices aren't that bad! I think the setting is super cute. It's a great date place.

And BYOB. SOLD!
I was told to visit this establishment quite a few times from different people but I never managed to go until yesterday. It was SOO GOOD, that i'lol have to make several trips to try the rest of the menu. I was in the mood for brisket and Mac & Cheese.  There was a platter of Brisket on an Italian Roll with two sides of mac & Cheese and Mash potatoes. For under $11  ! I sat down in and one of the chefs came out and told me that they were out of mash potatoes but that the sweet potato was a great replacement! OMG was she right! I never ate brisket in the form of a sandwich but now I don't want it in any other way! Now the mac cheese was good buuuut i have had  better mac & Cheese but I will also not hold it against them. This place serves alcoholic beverages and has wifi ( for us millennial). I was beyond satisfied with my meal and my server Kirk I believe his name was. Keep up the great job guys cause I will be back and I will be bringing folks with me
I have always liked Sweet Lucy's, the flavor of the BBQ and the sauce are outstanding, but the last couple of times i have eaten there I have been disappointed in the portion size and most recently, the mashed potatoes.

If you like BBQ then you must come here. They offer everything from pulled pork, to ribs to rotisserie chicken, and about 10 different sides, PLUS bread and butter (your choice of cornbread, Italian roll, or a round roll). My favorite sides are the baked beans and cucumber/tomato salad. 

Not sure what they changed about their mashed potatoes recently, but they taste like store grave now. I had 3 bites of mine on Sunday, and just stopped. I couldn't eat the rest. The baked beans are always so good, but they gave me a very small portion, i was done them in about 10 bites.

Overall, a lot of options are available, and there is something for everyone. Good for large parties and they offer a buffet on Monday nights.
I know this place has a lot of devotees, but after having been here about 6 times, I'm not one of them. The food, all of it, is squarely average. Just not great BBQ. There are better places around.
