Szechuan Four Rivers has been around for years. Last December, we tried them for the first time, and we've already ordered from them 4x, within a month.

I am not a fan of Szechuan food. I find Han Dynasty overly salty and spicy, and I dread going there when my husband craves it, but Szechuan Four Rivers is different. They don't overdo it with the peppercorns.

The food is mildly spicy, yet so authentic, and so good, it's dangerous. You just can't stop eating until you have finished everything in sight.

We've enjoyed everything we've eaten so far, but right now, our favorite dishes are definitely the griddle cooked lamb or griddle cooked cauliflower, cold chicken with spicy sauce, and fish with bell pepper. I am obsessed, OBSESSED, with the griddle cooked dishes. This version is different from the dry pot at a lot of places, and I love how theirs has Chinese cauliflower and fried potato in it. I could just eat the cauliflower and be okay with no meat.

Szechuan Four Rivers now holds a permanent spot in our weekly takeout rotation. I cannot wait to try everything on their menu, but for now, you know I am getting that griddle cooked dish once a week.
Upon landing in philly, my friend and I were starving and looking for some food to eat. We hadn't had very much asian food the whole week, so we chose this restaurant. 

They had a stir fried dry pot that looked delicious so we ordered it. Prices very depending on which items you choose. We chose lamb, intestines, mushrooms, and seaweed.

The pot came out quickly, it was huge and enough food for 6 people !!  I loved all the different flavors,  and I especially love the Sichuan oil.  The combination of meat and veggies make for a delicious meal. 
 Great place to come for Sichuan food !
I'm heartbroken. Learned tonight when we stopped in for a take-out craving that the place has been sold to a new owner. No more off-menu appetizers in the front case (the real, authentic items like tendons, tripe, etc.). No pork belly. No Chinese only menu that the other owner would ALWAYS translate and taylor to our tastes. No more Kung Pao beef that has just beef, peanuts, and scallions. And to top it off, the new owner acted like we were crazy for wanting such things. My boyfriend pulled out of him that the previous owner has a new spot, but he wouldn't tell him where! I understand not wanting a customer to go somewhere else, but it was painfully obvious that he wouldn't be offering the things we wanted..... Sigh. I hope we figure out where she went or find a new place soon. I'm hungry.
"Fresh" is not a word I use often when describing Chinese restaurants.... but Four Rivers is a sweet little restaurant in China Town with excellent service and fantastically fresh food.

Everyone in my family enjoyed what we ordered.  The food tasted healthy and homemade, especially the fried rice.  In past experiences, Chinese fried rice usually leaves you regretting your meal choice for hours afterward.  Here, the made-from-scratch taste was light and never greasy, filled with scallions and other deliciousness.  We also tried the wonton soup, spare ribs, beef with broccoli, and General Tso's Chicken (yes we are a very Americanized crowd).  Everything was excellent and highly recommended (except the spare ribs were breaded with bones still inside, a little odd...)  Overall the food was superb and the service was so fast, our starving appetites were satiated right away.  The wait staff even stands up when you're about to leave so that they can wish you farewell.  What a nice place!!
Very authentic mainland Chinese food.

First off, I grew up in China, 12+ years and I've traveled all over China and have been to Hong Kong (prior and post handover) and to Taiwan so I'd like to think I have a pretty good idea when it comes to Chinese food and its authenticity and what I'm looking for.

And this place comes really close to it. Not only is the food swimming around in grease with the right amount of spices and hot peppers but the lack of service just added to the authenticity that I'd come to sometimes miss (not that it's because that's what I want but because it's something I grew up getting used to living there). They also had the big round tables with the spinning carousels which has become ubiquitous with authentic Chinese cuisine.

It's a pretty small spot so don't expect to come in with a huge group. Prices are also pretty good so make sure to order a ton of dishes. Oh, the food here is mainly Sichuan (so south-central China) and some of the dishes can get pretty spicy so be forewarned.

I wouldn't be surprised if this place had a B or C rating from the city inspector and would probably not want to go there if it had an A.

Of the dishes I've tried, the lazi ji (hot pepper chickens) was a disappointment. Just by looking at it I knew it wasn't going to taste the same as the dish I've had in China. Also, the red pepper sauce at most of the authentic/Americanized Chinese restaurants in America tastes slightly different. The only place I've been able to find red pepper sauce that had the right spiciness, saltiness, and the specific oil flavor was from Golden Mall in Flushing, NYC. The sauce here was ever so slightly sweeter than its mainland version.

Parking: Limited metered parking or paid lot
Price: $10+
Wait: 10 mins
Sometimes you want a specific dish, and nothing else will do.  That's what brought me to Four Rivers with my (vegetarian) lady friend.

She had recommended a number of veggie standbys in Chinatown, but I demanded Orange Chicken (with or without real chicken).  The first place we found that had it on the menu was Four Rivers.

The alarming clinical feel of the dining room almost turned us right back out the door, but we figured that sometimes good things come in sanitary, stainless steel packages, and we sat down for our meal. 

I was almost shocked at how well prepared the Orange Chicken was and my partner enjoyed her Homestyle Spicy Tofu a great deal also.  I can't comment for authenticity, but both meals were delectable and without a lot of the excess oil that can be common in Chinese food.

As mentioned in other reviews, our server was polite and our food and check came quickly.

Final result:
2 stars for atmosphere ("i think i had my spleen removed here once...")

4 stars for food quality
I have a hard time understanding what people mean when they say that Four Rivers is the most authentic Chinese restaurant in town. Having eaten at nearly every Chinese restaurant in the tri-state area (call it an obsession), I find that it's all the same give or take some garlic.

Four Rivers, authentic or not, is definitely tasty and even feels a little less greasy than most. And they have quite a few dishes that are off the beaten path of Chinese cuisine, but I find that these are mostly the kinds of meals that will dissolve your tongue with spicy without offering any real or new flavor.

The "atmosphere" blends in with other restaurants of it's genre--there is no dining experience here. However, the staff is friendly and the food arrives quickly. There is even a bit of a wait on weekends and Sunday evenings!

The food is probably authentic, but who can tell? Either way, the food is good, but I wouldn't say it's worth a special trip.
Terrible services. The waitress (maybe also the owner) has a bad attitude to us the entire time. Very  inpatient.
The worst service I've ever met. It looks like I owe them money. And they enforced us to pay 18% tips!!!!!!!! Never gonna be here again. Dining table is very dirty. I saw they didn't change the table cloth afterwards!!!!!!!!!
This is more of a 2.5 star review. Had a living social voucher that was good for $60 dollars worth of food, dining in or take out. Chose to go the take out route, so I can't speak to the service here. Food-wise, it was just alright.

Ordered:

-crab rangoon 
-veggie lo mein
-egg rolls
-spring rolls (veg)
-sesame chicken
-wonton soup
-egg drop soup
-dan dan noodles

Everything was pretty much your run-of-the-mill takeout. The one item I will comment on is the dan dan noodles- I've had much, much better. (Spice 28 comes to mind). Prices are on the cheap side. They didn't include any duck sauce or soy sauce packets though, which was slightly womp-inducing. Not sure I'd order from here again, and if I'm hauling ass to Chinatown I'm probably trying my luck somewhere else.
Szechuan Four Rivers probably offers the best 水煮鱼 "water poached" fish fillet in chili oil sauce I've had in Philadelphia. If you enjoy this classic Szechuan dish, I'd definitely recommend the excellent rendition here ("Boiled Fish Fillet in Chili Sauce"). The dish is not only spicy but also deeply flavourful and fragrant, with perfectly cooked fish fillets that are tender and succulent.

Other dishes I've tried have been mixed -- here's a quick summary, though none have been as good as the fish:

[I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars]

***** Boiled Fish Fillet in Chili Sauce ($15.95): Excellent! Fragrant and flavourful, with tender fish fillets. 

*** Eggplant with Shiitake & Bamboo Shoot ($8.95): Solid vegetable dish, nothing remarkable.

*** Chinese Shiitake & Bok choy heart ($8.95): Another solid vegetable dish. 

** Steamed Sliced pork with Chinese pickle ($12.95): Disappointing. If you're looking for the classic pork belly dish, I don't recommend this. They used the wrong cut of pork so it was not tender & fatty like it's supposed to be. Instead, some pieces of pork were on the tough & overcooked side. Pickled vegetable is flavourful but there wasn't enough of it.
I swear that the "Zagat" stickers are as meaningful as toilet paper for picking a restaurant anymore. We went by it since the place we had wanted to try next door was closed. The service is the only reason I bumped this up from a 1 to a 2 star. The staff were friendly and very attentive with out being pushy. The food while edible was generally poor. We ordered the crystal won ton & steamed dumplings as appetizers. If the two items were supposed to have different fillings then it was lost on me. Everything tasted like the same soggy bland pork like filling even though the crystal things were supposed to be chicken & tofu according to our server. The hot & sour soup was mostly sour and cheap mushrooms. On to our main dishes. The General Tso Chicken was not very spicy and generally just a sticky sweet mess. The Cumin Beef was literally that, over cooked beef strips coated in enough cumin to make you cough. I was told the Salt Baked Squid was over cooked and thus rendered into a rubbery nightmare. The fortune cookie was crisp though. For the price, this place is terrible, you can go a couple doors down and getter better cheaper food.
Four Rivers is a good happy medium for me. It isn't too American, it isn't too authentic. 

Their lo mien is my favorite in Chinatown, it isn't too greasy and the veggie isn't full of filler vegetables. The scallion pancakes are perfectly crisp. Eggplant in garlic sauce is actually spicy here, probably because when the server tries to warn me it is spicy I say something lame like, "ooooh yeaaah!" This dish also has TONS of garlic, so it probably isn't the best thing to order on a date. Sometimes if I've had a bad day I'll order sweet and sour chicken, which isn't too heavy but comes in the standard sauce. 

I wish they delivered, because the dining room atmosphere leaves something to be desired. Like ambiance.
Four Rivers is a short flight of stairs up to a clean, well-lit medium sized restaurant on Race Street.  The owner if there is more than willing to talk to customers, and I had a lengthy discussion with him about Chinese geography and cuisine based on regional history.  

The owner has a Ph.D. in Biology and purchsed this restaurant in December 2013 with the goal of introducing a quality level of traditional Szechuan style food into Philadelphia's Chinatown that was previously not present.  He only uses high-grade, hormone free meats, and many of his dishes use organic produce.  

I travel to China 10 days each month for work, have eaten at literally every restaurant in Chinatown over the past four years and in my humble opinion, this is as close to eating in China as Philadelphia has to offer.

Remember- it is Szechuan BYOB so bring a nice Riesling or Shiraz!
Very disappointed. The menu is fabulous. I've been here before and the food was great. We went tonight and the service was inexcusable. 
They sat us next to a window and said its a very cold area. No problem we will drink tea to warm us. Unfortunately, we had to chase someone down for a menu, and tea, and water, and chopsticks, and to take our order. Somewhat frustrated at this point we place our order. I ordered lotus root with pickled pepper and asked to have tofu added to it. The waiter said the chef is very busy and will probably forget about it and I could not order it that way. I said all I am asking is for tofu to be added to my dish. Again, he said the chef would forget to add it and refused to take my order that way. We walked out at that point. That was the most ridiculous, unprofessional service I have ever experienced. We will not be back. Such a shame because the menu is wonderful
Service was really bad. The lady had a really bad temper and the food was cold. We ordered 4 dishes and two of them were cold. We didn't even bother telling them. Will definitely not come back again. This is place isn't authentic Szechuan food, you can find better Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.
You'd like this restaurant better if you stayed away from the "american chinese" dishes. 

We love the fried peppers and intestines (I know, I know, we're disgusting...but it's so good) and their spicy fish filet dish (it's the one that comes in a casserole). 

Portions are generous and prices are reasonable for authentic Szechuan flavors.
Four Rivers use to be my favorite spot for Chinese food general tso  to be specific. It was the perfect texture nice and crunchy, good color  flavor was on point.  The last few times I ordered I did so online because there was always some confusion ordering over the phone. Language barrier!  I drive 25 minutes  to and from the restaurant when I crave good general tso. I was SO disappointed the last 2 times I ordered. The food was terrible!!!!!! The flavor was bad, the texture and consistency was totally wrong. I don't know what went wrong! This was my go to chinese  place... Now I don't think I'll be returning. :(
Four Rivers is a small place offering tasty cooking and quick service. We ordered two plates of their crystal wontons, which were slightly spicy, mostly tangy, and all delicious ($4/six wontons). Their pancake appetizers were good but their fried tofu blocks were a little dry. We shared a (not very) spicy seafood tofu casserole ($16) that was pretty soothing.

Credit cards are accepted. For our party of seven, they added a 15% tip which I found amusing, since places that add gratuity by default usually charge more.

I first ate here awhile back, and recently returned this past weekend. Enjoyed lunch yet again, and will return yet again!
Well, the food is okay, but the service is shitty! I didn't know what happened that day but the staff was really in a bad mood, she basically thought I was retarded. That was my first & last time to go this place.
Come here for spicy, unique, authentic, well-priced Chinese food in the heart of Chinatown!! I came here with my family and there are plenty of parking lots (pay) in the area, or street parking if you're lucky. Place was not too crowded for a Sunday lunch and we didn't need a reservation. 

We ordered everything in my pictures, and my favorite was either the Chengdu dumplings, husband and wife tripe (it sounds prettier in Chinese I promise!), or mooshu chicken. The Chengdu dumplings had this amazing chili oil/sauce that I've never had anywhere else! Skins were very smooth. Husband and wife tripe was more peppery than actually being spicy, which we loved. Mooshu chicken was a well-done classic, with 4 pancakes. However, the fried salt pork was nothing special and the garlic chicken was a bit too oily for my taste. 

Total came down to $74 for 4 people including everything, plus we took home two half dishes! Service overall was fast but a bit unfriendly, while all in all we definitely had a great experience. Some of these dishes you really can't find anywhere else! Will be back for sure.
Why have I not been here sooner?   In and around Chinatown for 30+ years, and I'm only starting to find this place now?! (Been here a few years ago, but I'm blocking that out right now.)  
We had 3 dishes, I don't remember the English names for them.
One would be translated literally as Saliva Chicken (it's a cold chicken dish in red sauce) it was more sweet than spicy, but it had a decent amount of spice nonetheless.
We also had an eggplant dish, English name probably something like Eggplant with garlic sauce.
And we had a fish filet dish in red sauce.  
All very good, more than spicy enough for those of you who like spicy.
Sichuan is a southern part of China were they are known for their brutally cold winters and lip-burning spices to keep them warm during their brutally cold winters. True to it's name, Four Rivers has brought that piece of China to Philly's own chinatown to put our lips on fire...The food isn't that spicy initially but it def gets spicier with time...

All the dishes we ordered were pretty good but I was really surprised when I bit into their house special chicken to find it was ice COLD... It took some time to get used to but after a bit, it was quite good. 

Their Chow Mein is pretty good as well.
Super rude service, always complain about the customers. Served cool food that supports be hot. Cool fish, cool fired shrimp? And not even wanna take it back for reheat.
Bad service every, very rude waitress and waiter. The worst is their cup is not clean at all! I saw a chilly paper in it! After finish dinner they won't say goodbye or any polite things to customers at all. Would never go there! I wish I could give them 0 point
Idiots gave me the wrong order.  When I get home and called they did not care and did not try to accomidate their mistake.  I have no time for poor service. I will no longer be eating there.
I could overlook the lack of good service and mediocre ambiance but the food was not good either... Ordered a noodle appetizer that came out too greasy, the eggplant dish that was supposed to come out in a garlic sauce, was covered in plum sauce. When I asked the server and owner why it was so sweet and not with a garlic sauce, their answer was "that's how we make it." I've had eggplant in other ctown restaurants and they have been much better than theirs. Also ordered a chicken entree that was semi warm even though it came on a hot pot. To top it all off, they forgot to bring us the soup we ordered and wanted to charge us for it. Overall a very disappointing experience... The reviews in yelp are from the food and service of the previous owner. The people running it now have no food or business experience.
Are you freaking kidding me? The brutal combination of bad food and terrible service earned an average four star review? Sigh, America, where people do not recognize terrible food. I ordered spicy tofu and spicy cold noodles. I usually like Szechuan food a lot, but not this place. I hate myself so much that almost killed myself after the lunch there. I usually write down what I think about the food. However this place is too terrible to motive me to write anything more. I'm an expert in Asian food. I know how to prepare them, how to make them and how to eat them. This place is just terrible, simple as that.
I have eaten here about 8 times over the last 9 months. Generally, the food quality is pretty high (esp the kung pao chicken, but the portion sizes are not enormous by any means, the service is usually poor (as to be expected at most Chinese restaurants), and they have a stupid credit card policy that mandates any CC charge must be above $20. I'm pretty sure it used to be $10, but a $20 minimum is high by any standards. They don't have signs posted on the door or on the menu however, so if you aren't carrying enough cash, they will protest and yell at you (that you are costing them an extra 30 cents for the CC fee). As a person living in a modern (near) cashless society, I don't like to carry around change and am a big fan of my CC. I would eat here weekly if they were more sensible on this policy. They would probably also get another star from me.


Food Quality/Taste =  4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 3 Stars
So not to far from where I work is this small almost missed spot on Race st. I walked in and wanted lunch.  I took a look at the lunch specials and saw mostly everything about $6.95 and it comes with rice and a soup or egg roll. I ordered the white fish "chinese" style. Took it back and devoured it. It smelled great, had a fresh taste with great flavor. 

A few weeks later, today, I went back to try the general tso's chicken. I also ordered steamed veggie dumplings (credit card is a min $10). I must say this was the best general I've had. the breading has a little sweet taste to it, fresh and not greasy, don very well, not over fried, not to saucy and not too spicy to which the red pepper on the menu depicts. I'm not a spicy guy at all and I forgot to say "not so spicy"  and it was perfect.

The egg roll didn't have any pork in it, the roll had fresh veggies, not greasy and a great crisp to it. its the best i've ever had. The dumpling were awesome, fresh veggies as well and not over steamed.

This is twice I've had great food and is definitely a go-to spot from now on. So far seems as though they strive on freshness and quality. I also would like to say the staff so far have been helpful. broken english but very helpful and you must be patient and work with the staff in describing or asking questions. I don't mind it at all, they are very nice.

The lunch I had today was so good that I had to stop and leave some for my fiance to try. I know she'll appreciate it. So stop in, nothing fancy, casual and have yourself some great quality food.
i've been looking for a good sichuan restaurant to go to here in philly. based on quite a few recommendations from several people, i decided to try out four rivers with a couple friends for lunch one weekend. we arrived around 11:30 and the restaurant was empty. i think they actually open around noon because a lot more people started coming in after we'd been there for a while. but it was really nice of the hostess/waitresses to let us sit and order while they were still prepping the restaurant for its opening.

we ordered a couple cold dishes as appetizers from the front counter and they were delightfully refreshing and just the right amount of spicyness to start off the meal. don't wanna be eating something TOO spicy from the get-go because then your taste buds will be numb to everything else that follows.

between the four of us, we ordered kou shui ji (house chicken special?) and shui zhu yu (water boiled fish) which are basically two staples of sichuan cuisine. we also ordered a non-spicy veggie dish to balance out our palate. some of my friends couldn't take really spicy foods, so we asked for the dishes to be medium spicy. BIG MISTAKE. the dishes were not really that spicy at all, and now i'm not sure if it's because we asked for it that way or if it's because the restaurant actually doesn't do a good job of replicating authentic sichuan dishes.

from reading other yelpers' reviews, it seems they normally do use a lot of chili spice and numbing peppercorns (hua jiao :D) so i'll have to come back and try it again someday. spicyness aside, the food was pretty good. much better than what i normally get over in west philly. 

i will say that my FAVORITE sichuan dish EVER is shui zhu yu, and i was disappointed that they serve it in this restaurant as more of spicy stir-fried fish filet rather than in a bowl of pure chili oil and peppercorns the way it's supposed to be served a la mainland china. guess i'm still looking for that perfect sichuan restaurant. but this place definitely warrants 4 stars in the meantime.
The service is terrible. Waiter and waitress are extremely aggressive.   Really bad altitude!
Terrible service!!!!! They had us standing at the entrance waiting while they have empty tables available. At the same time, the waiters are consistently asking us to move around to make way for them as they bringing food out from the kitchen. Rudest waiters and stupidest restaurant ever!!! Left without eating. Will never go back again!
Asian brothers and sisters, if you know what you're doing, then this place isn't bad. Ignore the white people.
good food. worst service. we were asking if there is wifi in the house. server was like dont you c that on the table? wow man. that is how you do service? how much do you expect your service worth?  and wrong food. that was what you ordered we've told by server. come on, red peper with slice lotus aint white color bro. im not looking for problems. but at lease make apologize and make it right. sorry man. unacceptable altitude
This restaurant is rather unique.  Most "authentic" Chinese restaurants in America specialize in Cantonese cuisine, probably because most Chinatowns were settled primarily by people from this region of China.  This restaurant specializes in Szechuan food (hence the name--Szechuan translates to "Four Rivers"), and yet is far more authentic than most restaurants claiming to serve such food.

The atmosphere is not terribly exciting...the focus here is on the food, not the decor.  I wouldn't quite call it a hole-in-the-wall but it isn't large.  It's somewhat dark, not at all spiffy.  But hey, that's not why you came here.

The food is very good.  The flavors are very vibrant and they don't hold back on the ingredients that tend to put off picky westerners.  Everything I've had here has been good.  I would especially recommend ordering things here that you can't find on the menu at other restaurants: you will find a lot of them.  Still, less adventurous customers will still find some things to eat.

I am always happy to go to this place.
Wow this placed has changed...

I use to live in walking distance to Four Rivers and loved getting their takeout....However, things have changed!

After a bad experience about 6 months ago I gave four rivers two more chances and have been let down both times. The past two times I have ordered the General tso's chicken and chicken and broccoli (pretty simple stuff) and was grossed out both times...the meat in the general tso's was soft and mushy not crispy and the chicken and broccoli was soggy and chicken rubbery...I'm sorry Four Rivers I gave you two chances to make up with me and now I refuse to get burned for a third time...time to move on.
The food here was really good & authentic. I was pleasantly surprised. Ordered several dishes, and all were very tasty. The cumin lamb in particular was probably the best that I've had on the East coast yet. The portions are also quite generous. Prices are reasonable. 

Also, its not as spicy as some other Szechuan places that I've been to (which could be a pro or con depending on your preferences). 

Will definitely return.
I'm not quite sure what happened to this place but it used to be one of my favorites in Chinatown. One theory from our group was that they must've changed head chefs, which is really likely.

We got eggplant with garlic sauce, walnut shrimp, shredded pork, shredded beef with dry pepper, and cold sesame noodle. The only good dish was the cold sesame noodle, but that's pretty hard to mess up. 

The walnut shrimp was DROWNING in a pool of sauce, and if you know what that dish is like, it's WAY too much. That sauce should only be lightly drizzled with a crisp, lightly fried shrimp. The shrimp was heavily breaded and soggy and pretty inedible in my opinion. 

The shredded beef dish was basically just peppers/hot peppers with hints of beef in it. I couldn't even eat this because the dry peppers were too hard to chew. I had to spit them out and eat the dish like a fish with bones. The shredded pork was fine, though a bit greasy. The eggplant with garlic sauce was, at least, edible but not good.

In addition, I have online confirmation that I ordered the meal online at a certain time and it finally took about 45 minutes despite the empty restaurant and maybe one or two takeout orders that I saw come in while I waited. The food took 35 minutes on a previous trip so I'm assuming the food just take a long time. If food is going to take this long, I expect a lot of love and care put into the food but that obviously wasn't the case. Likely never going back.
By far my favorite, 100% authentic Chinese restaurant! 

I discovered Four Rivers by accident three and a half years back --- wandering with friends in Chinatown after not finding enough seating in Penang. We ran into a group of Chinese students from our b-school who recommended that we give it a try. Fortune favors the brave and we've had amazing food ever since.

Walking into the restaurant, nothing really catches the eye. Functional decor, average ambience, high noise levels, waiters bustling around (audibly). Nothing special.

You look at the menu and while the cuisine is Szechuan (spicy), it doesn't really reach out and grab your attention --- unless you are fluent in Chinese (some of the English translations are amusing --- referring to intestines of in-laws!). It has a dejavu feel to it.

But, wait... something caught my eye --- Szechuan chicken (spicy and tingly). Hmmm, if this is an 'authentic' restaurant, what the hell do they mean by "Szechuan chicken?" (For those who don't get this: think of an item in an Indian restaurant that says "Indian curry") And why is it additionally noted as "spicy and tingly"? None of the people on the table understood what the Chinese name meant, in terms of a dish familiar to them. We were fortunate that we had the manager waiting on our table. She took a look at our group --- fairly United Nations, realized that some of us could understand Chinese, and made the judgment call to be blunt. She replied, "Lots of people come into the restaurant not knowing what to expect from "authentic Szechuan" food. We also have no idea as to how much spice they can handle. This dish helps us understand that. People look at the name and want to try the dish. We look at their reaction, and then adjust the spice level for their later dishes up or down." She smiled. We were howling on the table with laughter. That decided it for us --- we put our menus aside and let her recommend what she liked. And to present the spice level, as she deemed fit for the particular dish. That is an art, as some restaurants in an effort to stand out just kill the individual flavor of the dish by going to any extreme --- boringly mild or 'kill your taste buds' hot.

We have loved whatever has since been recommended --- vegetarian or otherwise. But, by now I have my favorites: Cumin beef, string beans, shredded potato with Chinese green pepper, Spicy Chengdu chicken, Kung Pao chicken (to balance the spice level), seafood hot pot, Crispy whole fish with Hunan sauce.

Four Rivers is the best value for money authentic Chinese food you can get. It is a delight to discover an ethnic restaurant that sticks close to its roots and doesn't serve a toned down version to broaden its appeal.
Came in because on the window, there was a spicy beef soup that looked amazing. Quick service, great portions, and although there were a few things unavailable on the menu that we wanted, we found some tasty things in their place. 
Also tried a lamb dish. Great spices in both the beef and the lamb. Crispy spring rolls.
My friends and I are frequent diners here.  Our usual dishes are the ma po tofu, salt-baked ribs, pan fried noodles, spicy squid, and some crazy spicy hot beef pot that I never eat because my lips burn afterward.  Five dishes are plenty to fill our five bellies, and we always leave full and satisfied.  The service is friendly and my water glass is rarely ever less than half full.
To be fair, the food is ok, above-average in town. The portion is interestingly tiny.

The base of the service is Money-first, customer-second. My second visit just confirmed that. So, there is no 3rd time forever.
Worst spicy chiken i ever ate. Bland and not spicy as well. $17.50 wasted for bland fry breaded chicken.
Breaking News: My friend and I trekked here in the middle of Philly's record-breaking snowstorm to bring you this review. Yes, we're mighty brave because a craving for good Chinese food can never be ignored.

My friends, it was not an easy journey. I, who have always thought that, even when the apocalypse shall come down upon us all, Chinese restaurants will remain open, was sorely disappointed. Many of the restaurants were closed. But, lo and behold, a flickering sign in the midst of wind and snow cried out to us like a beacon of hope--"Four Rivers."

Hallelujah!

I got the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup, a large bowl of warm beefy, noodley goodness. It was good, really, like, I-just-came-from-three-feet-of-snow-outside-and-I-can't-really-feel-my-toes-but-you-know-what-this-soup-really-really-hits-the-spot type of good. I gobbled it up. (The waitress said to me, "Wow, you finished all of it, even the soup." She obviously doesn't know who I am.)

My friend ordered some ground pork thing or another, and it reminded me of something my mother made once sometime long ago during my childhood. It was good as well!

The crystal wontons that they are known for were *delicious*. They're small wontons (not the fried kind) in a sweet, spicy sauce. It was sort of a bummer, but the wontons were small and there were only 6.

In my humble opinion, you're not gonna really enjoy the food if you're just gonna end up ordering blatantly Americanized Chinese food. So, if you can stand the heat (as my awesome Szechuan genes have allowed me), GO and eat some spicy stuff!!
I think it is the best Chinese food I have had in all of Chinatown. Hot and spicy but delicious and it's BYO! You will get an out of body experience with scallion pancakes, dumplings (crystal wontons), spicy fish, chengdu chicken...(pretty much all on the menu). The decor and setting is modest, staff are friendly, service is quick. I couldnt believe the prices. We were a party of five, ate heartily and it was under $100. For dinner!
Hmmm..a little perplexed at the selection of very good reviews here, maybe I was here on an off day?  Came here a few weeks back for dinner and was not really impressed.  We ordered the crystal wontons, which were a little bland and not really that amazing, the dan dan noodles which were tasty, but without much spice, as well as the sauteed green beans (also tasty but not without a lot of Sichuan flavor), and the shredded pork with dried bean curd (same deal).  Don't get me the wrong, we finished off everything, but if I hadn't known this was a Sichuan restaurant, from the flavors I would have sworn it was Cantonese food, which I love, but is not really known for spice and/or intense flavors.  
Willing to try again sometime though to see if maybe we should have ordered some of the other dishes.
The inside is dingy, which would be fine if the food were either really cheap or really good. However, it is neither. It's simply mediocre, and much too expensive for a place like this in Chinatown. A cold noodle dish (with barely any chicken) and 2 regular dishes - a too-small-for-$15 tofu casserole and shredded beef with peppers - somehow ended up costing us about $40, with barely any food left over. 

For "Szechuan" food, nothing we had here was spicy. At all. This isn't really Szechuan cuisine, it's more like a Cantonese-Szechuan bastard child. 

Meh. It was serviceable. Not the cheapest or best Chinese food ever, but probably better than some. Also, the service, in the form of surly old ladies in four rivers bowling shirts who look like they'd rather be playing mahjong, is perfunctory and not very attentive.
The wonton and egg wonton soups arrived almost cold. The wonton did not taste fresh. The sizzling beef arrived sizzling, but had a fish taste. One of the rice dishes had a gnat alive and walking on top of the rice. The garlic chicken and sesame chicken were okay. I have had success with visiting restaurants with good ratings, but this one was a complete failure. I would not return, even if the dishes were free.
The food here is really wonderful! I love the the Kongming Toasted Fish and Peppercorn Chicken with Dough Twist! Very much!! Tasty!!
I ventured down to Four Rivers with my friend from Hong Kong this past weekend, and while he said it didn't compare to the food from back home, I thought it was quite enjoyable compared to most of the greasy westernized places we have here. Sure it wasn't out of this world, but it was a good first for "authentic" Chinese food. But, I believe there is better.

The restaurant itself is rather small. It's just one open room. I didn't mind it but I will say they could use a decorator. The staff is quite nice and food arrives quickly.

Would I go back? Sure if someone else wanted to try it...
So flavorful.  Okay prices for Chinatown, good prices in general.  My favorite Chinese in Philly.  5 stars.

This is one of my staple restaurants when I want Chinese food.  In all honesty, I tend to rotate the same six dishes every time.  Basil chicken, eggplant and chicken hotpot, sliced pork belly with garlic, snow pea shoots (I assume this is the English name for it), sauteed green beans, and jellyfish.  I recall the couple times I had scallion pancakes, that they were a bit underwhelming and dry.  Otherwise, I love the listed dishes, the service is friendly enough and food is served in good time.  Basil chicken does require a bit of a wait but it's quite worthwhile.  Unfortunately, this restaurant isn't open past 10 or 11, which makes my post-climbing dinner options a bit subpar.  Dishes range from $10-$15, which is high for Chinatown but reasonable anywhere else.  Considering it's the best option, I don't tend to have a problem with this.

Quality food.  If I were to send you anywhere in Chinatown, it's Four Rivers.
This is great place to eat authentic Chinese food in Philadelphia Chinatown. You could call it a dive restaurant, only because it is not fancy.....just a single room to eat period. My best friend Joe and I use to eat their all of the time when I lived in Philly.  We established a nice relationship with "Lady Boss" (owner) and her crew and always ordered off the Chinese menu......some recommendations:

- Salted shrimp is served whole head, etc.
- Spicy shredded pork or beef with hot peppers & tofu.
- Spicy whole fried fish. 
- Sauteed spinach and garlic.
- Sauteed bok choy.
- "Shish-Sho-Tov"..."the Princess Tofu dish". (see picture)

Shish-Sho-Tov is not on the menu, and they only prepared it when we called ahead. If you are curious to try this hearty seafood-egg-tofu dish, call and order ahead about 15/20 mins before you arrive to the restaurant. Make sure you tell them Jack and Joe told you to try this dish. My wife made me bring this dish back to San Francisco every time I went back to Philadelphia.

Enjoy!
Under new ownership, lost a lot of the great dishes I always came back for. My go to for dan dan noodles  is gone and I'm genuinely sad. Just bring them back to me and I'll be so happy!  The crystal wontons are still tasty just arrive with the sauce over them and not swimming in tons of chili oil, which  I also miss. Well here's to finding a new dan dan noodle spot !
I went in here a little while ago with a coworker for lunch. The place is located on one of the main strips in Chinatown.  The decor is fairly standard. The place did look like it needed a new paint job.

I ordered hot and sour soup and shredded pork with vegetables. The hot and sour soup was the hottest I've ever have spice/hotness-wise. I couldn't finish it because it was making me sweat and hiccup so much. The shredded pork was very tasty and spicy without being overly so. The portion size was pretty good for a $6.50 lunch special.

Service was pretty decent, though I could have used more water refills due to the smokin hot and soup soup.

My only gripe about this place is that they don't tell you that they have a $20 minimum for charge/debit cards in the menu.They have a small sign posted on the cash register at the front(which of course we didn't notice until we left). My coworker was going to pay for both of us(13.50 before tip) and they wouldn't bend on the card rule even though it was our first time. Luckily I had enough cash. 

Good food at a reasonable price. I'll be back at some point.
This place has amazing flavor, the decor is extremely simple, but the people are so nice and the food is really good.
Try the Dan-Dan it's flavor will knock you off your feet!
So I don't know what the hubbub is with this place.  Last night, my friend and I tried some "authentic" Chinese food.  I ordered yu shiang ro shi, (pork strips in garlic sauce), salt baked squid, and some green vegetables.  To be honest, everything was subpar though edible.  Perhaps I didn't order the right szechuan dishes, but these plates were pretty deplorable for any "authentic" Chinese restaurant.  2.5 stars for this one.
Not 3.5 but not quite 4 stars and Only been once so bear with me, the staff was extremely friendly and nice which is always great and the food is very Authentic and delicious. The menu is HUGE! And extensive with a variety to fit anyone's palette, even had an American style section for those less adventurous patrons( I steered clear of that section and would advise others to do so as well, kinda ruins the point of going to an authentic spot ya know?) 

For starters I got the Dan Dan noodles and had them make it as spicy as possible,even told them don't hold back, not like " American" spicy and she chuckled. They were alright not that flavorful( in comparison to Han) and really not fiery how I was hoping,very little heat to me but I'm am a chili head by true nature so go figure. I also got the wontons in chili oil ordered as is no adjusting heat and they were Delish!! I wish I had ordered them spicier because it wasn't at all but my friend who doesn't take heat well thought they were spicy enough, so an individual take on heat level. 

My friend and I didn't even order our entrees off of the menu as we were peeking on the table next to ours and saw a few great options. She got braised pork belly which we later found had tofu in it and we aren't tofu people but the tofu was a firmer one and flavorful so okay and the pork belly was super tender with melty fat perfect for those who like different textures. Has an herb that gave a odd aftertaste but still fine. I got the crispy dry pepper shrimp ordered super hot and it was great! The shrimp was super crispy and even still crispy after a day in the fridge for left overs , was impressed. The heat was not where I wanted it but the shrimp size and portion made up for it.  The meal was really affordable as well. 

Coming back to browse the menu some without a doubt
3.5 stars.  A good Chinese food place.  I liked the fact that it carried a few more authentic dishes than your everyday Americanized beef and chicken dishes.  Example: Jalapenos with peanuts and tiny anchovies.  My grandfather from my mom's side used to make this -all the time- when I was growing up and it was refreshing to see something that can actually be found in someone's dinner table at a restaurant.  Nice service, more attentive than your usual Chinatown restaurant.  I'll be sure to check this place out again.
Four Rivers is my boyfriend and his family's favorite/default Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, so obviously deserves 5 stars. If you like authentic Szechuan Chinese food, this is the place to go. They don't baby your spices, afraid the consumer cannot handle it but if you don't like spicy they can also dull down the spice if you ask for it. 

The Peppercorn Chicken with dough twists (featured on their website June 1st) is extremely difficult to make well, proven by the lack of quality found in the other restaurants. I typically go here with my boyfriend who loves Ma Po Tofu, and we both agree it's one of the better ones we have tried.

We also try to get one vegetable dish such as Kan Ben String Beans or Chinese Spinach. Both were still good, but not quite as great as the dishes Szechuan is more known for.
I wish I could give it 4.5, because it can't be a five because the surroundings are just ok.  The food is awesome.  Not typical Chinese but good food.  The vegetables were cooked correctly with a little crunch to them.  The vegetable steamed dumplings were fantastic.  The texture of the actual dumpling was perfect.  The bokchoy salad was a nice change.  I had never had it before but enjoyed it.  The service was great.  All should go to Four Rivers for lunch or dinner in Chinatown.
With all the great food options in Chinatown, I feel like this Szechuan place gets overlooked a lot. Their menu is reasonably priced, the service is pretty fantastic compared to others in the area, and the food is authentic, plentiful, and flavorful. They had our Szechuan staples of fish filet in hot chili oil and braised pork belly over picked veggies. Both were among the best versions I have had for either dish. There was an abundance of fish and pork belly to last us at least two meals and quality wasn't sacrificed at all! I highly recommend this place if you are looking to satisfy your Szechuan cravings.
Maybe it is because we went on a Wednesday night (it was my birthday!), but the food just does not sound as good as all the other reviews.

I don't really care too much about the decor as long as the place is clean. So that did not affect the rating at all. It is rather out of date but it's China Town so no one should be surprised.

We had scallions pancake for appetizer. It was not greasy as others pointed out. But I couldn't taste that much scallions or anything else. The dipping sauce was good. It came out fresh and hot so it was enjoyable since it was a cold night.

We ordered the spicy seafood tofu casserole. That came piping hot and it was pretty yummy while it was warm. It is not that spicy but has enough of that oily, tangy, spicy sauce that goes well with rice. We got some stir fry snow pea leaves to go with that too! That pairing I thought was pretty yummy and we should've stopped there.

We also got the crispy duck. This is where I think coming in on a Wednesday night was a mistake. The duck was VERY dry and SALTY. The color came out a greyish brown. The skin & the meat had the same color. Sort of reminds me of the mummies.
Maybe it was left over from the day before? I guess not a lot of people order duck on week days?

The waiter and waitress were so nice and friendly. I didn't have the heart to tell them that we didn't like the duck. We managed to eat almost half of the dish but it still looked like a lot was left. They asked if we wanted to take it home and I said no, just the veggies. Is that maybe a nice hint?

I will probably try it one more time on a weekend. I saw the beef brisket and tendon stew and I really want to try that.
Four Rivers is probably one of the better Chinese restaurants in Philly. It also works like a Chinese restaurant anywhere else... if you don't see it on the menu, ask if they have ingredients, and then the chef will throw something you might like together. For example, I always ask them what type of fresh vegetables they have, and often just have the chef toss the veggies with some garlic and oil and spices and have it as a side dish.

I often come here for the dan dan noodles. I think they probably have the best dan dan noodles in town. It's spicy, sour, and chewy like they're supposed to be. 

Since Four Rivers is a Szechuan style restaurant, you can expect a lot of the food to be very spicy. Bring tissues and napkins as you will be sweating, your nose will be running, your eyes tearing, whether in happiness or in pain. 

The mapo tofu here is also done well, a little too well, and I prefer it to not be so spicy. Unfortunately even asking for less spicy here is a little too spicy for me... but hey, that's what you expect at a Szechuan restaurant right?

The scallion pancake here is traditional and very good. Try this place if you want something authentic, and again, if you don't see what you want, ask if they have it... who knows... you might end up getting what you want.
This review is updated to include more dishes I've tried.  I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

****^ Boiled Fish Fillet in Chili Sauce: Very good. Fragrant and flavourful, with tender & succulent fish fillets in chili oil sauce. 

****^ Szechuan eggplant is very good 

**** Braised pork belly was pretty good, tender pieces of pork belly  

***^ Salt baked shrimp was ok 

***^ Sauteed beans are fine, solid 

***^ Spicy stir-fry bowl is good but seems expensive for what you get. I'd rather order off the regular menu  

*** Eggplant with Shiitake & Bamboo Shoot: Solid vegetable dish, nothing remarkable.  

*** Chinese Shiitake & Bok choy heart: Another solid vegetable dish.

**^ Spicy Chengdu chicken is not very spicy or tasty but otherwise okay if you're looking for a mild dish. Chicken was a bit dense.

**  Steamed Sliced pork with Chinese pickle: Disappointing. If  you're looking for the classic pork belly dish, I don't recommend this.  They used the wrong cut of pork so it was not tender & fatty like it's supposed to be. Instead, some pieces of pork were on the tough  & overcooked side. Pickled vegetable is flavourful but there wasn't enough of it.

** Fried rice is boring
I've lived in China for 10+ years. And this is the most authentic Sichuan/Chongqing food I've ever had in America. The staff speaks Sichuan dialect together and everything isn't catered towards American flavors but keeps it all original. 

Best Restaurant in Philly in my opinion!
Heard that this was the place to go for the most authentic Szechuan food in Chinatown, and after one trip I can see where they're coming from. Ordered the toasted striped bass(featured on the front page of their menu), Szechuan string beans, spicy pork intestines, basil chicken, and dan dan noodles. The Dan dan noodles were just alright; I enjoyed them but I've had better. The basil chicken was also in the category of 'tasted good, but was not as I expected it to be'. I was anticipating a drier dish heavily fragrant with fresh herbs, but their iteration was in a clay pot with a sweet soy-based sauce, not unlike caramel fish that you might find in vietnamese cuisine. The Szechuan string beans, spicy pork intestines, and fish were all excellent, though your mileage may vary with pork intestines depending on how much you enjoy strange animal innards. Also as far as the Kongming toasted fish, it was large and tasty, though on the pricey end at $33. That said, I think you're paying a lot for presentation, and they have a cheaper fish option in the boiled fish filet in chili oil, which at half the price is a significantly better value. That's just on us though; it was a special occasion and we wanted something large and impressive to eat.

Overall, while everything tasted good many of the dishes we ordered weren't standouts, though I think that may have been from a lack of knowing exactly what to order. The table next to us(which spoke absolutely no English, a good sign), seemed to have some amazing looking dishes like the peppercorn chicken, boiled fish filet in chili oil, and ma po tofu, which I'm sure to order next time. Or given the amount of local Chinese that seem to come here, maybe I'll just tell them to bring me whatever the table next over is having.
I went to Four Rivers because someone told me they had excellent Pad Thai. I didn't think twice about how this is Thai dish and Four Rivers is in the heart of Chinatown. But I should have this it's not even on the menu.

So instead of getting Pad Thai, I ordered the Eggplant with Black Mushroom & Bamboo Shoot. But my take-out order had Chinese Black Mushroom & Bok Choy instead. Since I really like Bok Choy, I didn't mind the change up. And the dish was very good.
This place is okay. Pretty typical chinese food menu.
The crystal dumplings that they are "famous" for are not amazing. The sauce they come in is really good and a bit spicy, but take the sauce away and you have a bland, overcooked dumpling with no texture.
Beef and broccoli had a good flavor. Serving sizes are nice and big. A bit too much corn starch.
Duck specials were okay, but dry.
King Pao Chicken & Shrimp was okay. A good hit of spice. More peanuts than anything.
Service was friendly. 
Overall, it was okay.
One of the best Szechuan restaurants in the greater metropolitan area.

Ok. Let's just keep it straight up. Here is the list -- some things are described differently on the menu or not on it at all so try and communicate well with the servers.

Spicy Tripe & Tendon cold appetizer
Cucumber with garlic 
Wonton in spicy sauce
Preserved egg with hot peppers & black vinegar
Dan Dan noodle
Mapo Tofu
Boiled fish in hot oil
Garlic eggplant
Mushroom & Smoked Pork sizzling pot
Cumin Lamb sizzling pot
Snow pea shoots with garlic

If you're like me and you enjoy Szechuan extra numbing, tingly and spicy emphasize "Ma La"
Delicious, authentic food that tastes a lot like what we used to eat in China, and the waiters will even help my fiance practice his Chinese! We love their homestyle tofu and the dry-fried green beans (salty, but delicious!). I only wish they had hot pot, because we've been looking for a good Chinese hot pot in the city and we bet they'd really do it right! Parking is an issue, like all of Chinatown, but we go there often!
Food is not that bad but, AMAZING TERRIBLE service, especially the male waiter who yelled at people very unfriendly simply because they didn't hear him clearly. I and my friends will CERTAINLY NOT COME ANYMORE.
After a hiatus of a few years, I returned to Four Rivers for an early dinner late last week.  The first thing I noticed was how much cleaner the place looked, and the new furniture really helped the joint feel more respectable.  Nice job.

The servers were friendly and attentive; another plus.  The new (clean) menus had the traditional Szechuan style cuisine, plus a curtsy to the American palate with some of the usual neutered dishes to avoid mouth burn.  It was my good fortune to dine with a Chengdu friend and she went after the dishes with glee after questioning the waitperson for a few minutes about how the dishes were prepared.  Satisfied, she went to work: Duck & Seaweed Soup, Crystal Wonton in Hot Oil, Dan Dan Noodles with Minced Pork, Double Sautéed Pork Belly, Water Spinach & Garlic, and White Rice.  

The soup was a first for me.  I like Duck, but was not sure how I felt about mixing seaweed into the broth.  Fear not.  It was really delicious.  The large serving bowl overflowed with meaty chunks of tender Duck that was easily sucked off the bone.  The brackish flavor of the seaweed somehow complemented the bird's taste, enhancing them both.  I had several small bowls of it throughout the meal.  

The Dan Dan Noodles were served lukewarm in temperature, and insufficiently spicy for me.  I asked for a side dish of Hot Chili Oil, and once engaged with the pasta and Pork, it came alive.  My sidekick loved it.  The Crystal Wonton in Hot Oil presented a semi-diaphanous skin with a delicate tail in a rich red hot oily sauce.  It reminded me of the Butterfly Dumplings found in nighttime food carts that set up shop everywhere in Chengdu after sunset.  These little darlings were made by hand only minutes before boiling. 

The Pork Belly was tender with plenty of Red and Green Peppers in the mix.  Good, but I have had better in town.  Finally, the Water Spinach was done the traditional way with a load of fresh sliced Garlic thrown in with the thin leafed variety of this veggie. 

Prices were very good for the amount of food we had on the table.  About $50. including tip.  I would definitely return with little prompting, but would probably choose E Mei on Arch as my go to Szechuan/Chongqing style dinner in Chinatown.
Go here! It's not about the ambience. The place is small and in a strange spot. The furniture could use an upgrade. This is about the food. The food is amazing! The General Tso's is DIVINE! My parents even like this place and they are hard core Asian food eaters.

You won't regret coming here. The prices are reasonable. Everything on the menu was tasty.
Used to be my favorite place for Sichuan Food in Philly. Now it goes to Han Dynasty in Olde City. Four Rivers still has its draws and remains one of the better places in Chinatown. The service is nice, people are friendly. The price is decent. Try their Three Cup Chicken, Dan Dan Noodles and seasonal vegetables.
Got over to Four Rivers a week ago for a Sunday exploration dinner. Ordered a giant pot of Fish Soup and the sauteed green beans, which somewhat surprisingly is my all time favorite Sichuan dish. The fish soup was amazing, just what was needed to warm up and rehydrate after a long day. Plates were intended to be shared, but I was extra hungry :)

Tea was a nice touch as well. Recommended for groups, or hungry individuals!
I had been craving some good chinese food for a few days now, and Four Rivers was on my list of places to try.  We entered the sparsely decorated dining area and were greeted by a slightly awkward server who took our order.  We received our food in no time, and were hardly finished with our soup when appetizer and main dishes arrived all at once-yikes!.  Hot and sour soup was good and spicy- scallion pancakes were delicious- not greasy and you could actually taste that they were made with scallions. We ordered vegetable lo mein which was tasty- the vegetables were crunchy and fresh, light, delicious with a nutty flavor..mmmm.  The Szechuan tofu was good and spicy tho my boyfriend found it a bit too salty....I really enjoyed the Szechuan flavor.  Overall my experience here was positive and my appetite for chinese food satisfied.  I'm glad I tried this place, but will probably explore more options before visiting again.
what a joke.  Wouldn't let us change our order.  Wouldn't let us Exchange a dish after it wasn't what we expected.  Then got berated after we suggested better customer service.  Don't come here at any cost.  Go to Tai lake or anything else.
Let's start with what's not good here.
To my knowledge. nothing yet, but of course, I never order General Tso there. ;)

Four Rivers is like the grand daddy of all Szechuan restaurants in Philly Chinatown. If you haven't eaten there, you haven't eaten good Szechuan. 

I will just go straight to what's worthy...
- Crystal Wontons
- Pan Fried Pork Dumpling
- Cold Pasta* shredded chicken
- Shredded Pork with bamboo shoot
- Pork Intestines in spicy sauce
- Sliced Pork Belly topped with garlic sauce
- Shanghai Wu-Shi Ribs 
- House Special Sweet Ham 
- Basil Chicken 
- House Special Chicken
- Sauteed String Bean 
- Chinese Cabbage with dried shrimp
-  (so apparently yelp doesnt like chinese characters)
- + stuff at the counter

Their Crystal Wontons have won some kind of award I believe, and I can eat that stuff all day. They cold sesame noodle is always very refreshing. Their dumplings are very worthy; they have openings on both side and it tastes very delish. If you do like cold appetizers, you must try their stuff in the glass counter where you wait to be seated. Their spicy beef, tendon and tripe is awesome. Their bean curd and mushroom is awesome. Their tripe is awesome. Just get it.

 My personal favorite dishes are Sliced Pork Belly topped with garlic sauce, House Special Chicken and chinese vege dish that is not on the menu . If you don't like garlic, don't get the sliced pork belly because you will cry. House special chicken is extremely spicy and tasty. Its a whole chicken, with bone, drenched in peppers and hot sauce; it is a tongue numbing opportunity.  Chinese vege is just Chinese vege, call me and I will order it for you.

This is the place to be in Chinatown, and I go there almost once a week. I would live there. Did I mention it is BYOB?

Their menu: http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/four-rivers/menu


The End.
Look, if you're looking for AUTHENTIC chinese cuisine, you're gonna love it here. If you're just going to order American chinese food that every white person gets, you're gonna think this place is boring. Ignore all the white people. If you know how to order there, you won't be disappointed.
Four Rivers is absolute bliss. Never before have I had Chinese food this authentic. Plus the wait staff are so nice, and amazingly fluent with descriptions of food. Totally affordable, and oh so delish! I recommend the Chef's Noodles or the Chicken and Corn Soup.
Good Chinese Food here!  We ate here this past weekend - very impressed with the fresh taste of the food. 

I'm a HUGE sweet-n-sour fan, and I went outside my comfort zone and tried something new - Home Style Tofu. Wow, I really like this stuff.

I did also have a favorite - Hot and sour soup, very good! I was happy to taste that the ingredients tasted fresh, and the flavors were good.
the name four rivers implies it is a Sichuan style restaurant. However,the dishes served in four rivers are neither delicious nor authentic. The food here is not sichuan style except for that they are under those sichuan dishes' names. very disappointing
This place has the best green beans in Philadelphia. I order green beans every time I go to a Chinese restaurant and my partner and I both agreed these were the best we've had in Philly. Ma po tofu was great- VERY spicy, even for people who love spicy foods. Meal came quickly and was fresh. The environment is a bit run down and the service was ok. Otherwise a great place to grab a quick dinner.
I have been to this restaurant a few times after it changed name (Owner). Now it serves authentic Sichuan food for real. Everything from the chef specials taste really good. Give it a try if you love spicy food.
This is our favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Super friendly staff as well as excellent food. The Spicy eggplant, salt baked shrimp and whole fish are our favorites. As a matter of fact, I dream of that eggplant. It has the Sezchuan peppercorn in it, so you get the spicy-numbing sensation at the same time. 

I want to eat it everyday and if you ask me why I'll say, cause Four Rivers is the BEST!
My favorite Chinese resturant in town. Love the ma po tofu, pork with tofu and green peppers, and the dan dan sichuan spicy noodles. Best Sichuanese food I've found in Philly, and it's just a tad less spicy than the real stuff. I ordered it extra spicy once and it was overkill!
Went there for lunch. Grim, greasy, terrible. Even my fortune cookie was stale. At least it was cheap. Go to Ting Wong instead at 138 N 10th St. (also cheap, but delicious). I should have.
Came here to eat with a group of friends and we selected some dishes to try.

The corn & chicken soup was pretty good, the group liked that for the texture (a little thick, not too salty), and the snow pea leaves in garlic were done well, although the dish was small.  The beef with xo sauce was not that exciting, but the casserole w/fish (no idea what the fish was, mind you) was pretty tasty.

The menu is varied enough so as to be different and more authentic-feeling than many of the other restaurants, at least the part in English compared to other English menus.

Acceptably clean and service was a bit slow to replace the tea, but overall we left filled and happy.
This place has 5 star food but not much for atmosphere but I really don't care. The crystal wonton is a dish I will think about forever.  We asked our waiter for suggestions and they were great. The place is clean and the food is fabulous.
four rivers is known for szechuan food.  besides the usual chinese-american stuff (general tso's chicken, wonton soup, etc), they mix in some pretty authentic szechuan dishes (hidden by americanized names).  if you're new to szechuan food, it's SPICY!  sweat inducing, tongue numbing, highly addictive stuff!  and in philly chinatown, it's one of 3 szechuan places that i know of.

definite must tries are the wontons in hot chili oil (it's called house special wonton on the menu i think), kou shui ji (it's called house special chicken on the menu i think), and ja jiang noodles (szechuan noodles on the menu i think).   the ja jiang noodles were pretty standard but what set it apart was the noodles.  it was so QQ and comforting as it went down our tummy.

we tried the spicy seafood claypot/hotpot but it was okay.  the spicy broth-like sauce was pretty good, but i didn't like the farm raised tiger prawns they used.  we also tried the popcorn chicken with red chili (not sure how they translated it on the menu as i just described the dish to the server).  it's deep fried chicken pieces seasoned with salt, pepper, and dried chili peppers.  it was okay.  for this dish, we thought the ones from chung king garden tasted better.

overall, really nice change from the usual cantonese stuff especially if you're looking for something spicy.
okay food, some dishes are not fresh
I am a foodie and will never pass up an opportunity to yelp about the good the bad and the ugly of the food world. Four Rivers is not a fancy restaurant by any means but they serve authentic Chengdu cuisine and are located in the heart of China Town, Philadelphia. I love the "tan tan noodles" and the spicy Chengdu chicken. The crystal wontons are great appetizers too! Somehow their take-out food never tastes as fabulous as their dine-in. So all the more reason to go there and try out their menu.
Eat the spicy pork intestine. I'm not joking. That's the best dish you'll ever get in any Sichuan restaurant. If you tell me you don't eat internals. Just pretend you don't know what it is that you're eating. Trust me. It's worth it. 

Anything else that's served in a clay pot is good also.
The service stinks. Before this place changed owners my husband and my family enjoyed coming here. They mad this spicy beef casserole (when the old owners were there) and my hubby loved it. We went back last year September or October 2014 after the new owners came in and my hubby ordered the same dish and it's NOT the same. Since that trip were not going back anymore.
Came here by random pick and wow what a great discover.   Just go here and order anything on the menu.  Everything here is soooo good. They use tons of garlic here on food. If you don't like garlic be careful what you order
Very good food. The service was wonderful and the server was always attentive. The atmosphere was very inviting. 

The did was cooked quickly and arrived will prepared. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good meal in a great environment.
Really enjoyed this place and the distinct schezuan cooking! Friends ordered for us and everything was delicious! This place is not for the bland palate or the non spicy lovers. The dishes were full of flavor, salt, and spice! Veggie dishes, noodle dishes, and meat dishes were all delectable and memorable! Particularly liked the wontons and sautéed veggies! Would most certainly go back!  Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Only downside was that there was no changing area for kids in the restroom, but then again, there are no such places in Chinatown.
Don't judge this place from the dumpy, small exterior and well-worn awning.  Come for the food and the service, which is surprisingly friendly (I'm used to "Strictly business" in Chinese restaurants), and they speak English well enough to answer tough questions about the food, like which soups are vegetarian, and which have chicken stock.  They come by and fill up your water about once every 3 minutes, the tea is good (and HOT), and the food is really great.  

We ordered steamed chicken with vegetables (sauce on the side, extra spicy), hot and sour soup, and shezuan chicken (requested to be made NOT spicy).  I'm on the crazy 500 calorie a day HCG diet so I had to order steamed chicken.  The sauce for the steamed chicken was just slightly spicy, but still very good.  I had asked for NO oil and the dish had NO oil (YAY they listened to me!).  We requested the shezuan chicken to have very little oil, and the dish had little oil and was very good, with a good mix of vegetables, although my companion thought the sauce was a bit too watery (maybe because of the little oil).  The hot and sour soup was considered "spicy" for my wimpy companion, but I tasted very little spiciness to it.  

My steamed chicken had water chestnuts, snow peas, and broccoli.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  I've been to about 6 restaurants in Philly's Chinatown and this is the best (so far).  They have a large menu, and I can't wait to come back and try something else, when my diet is over.  Total cost was $30 including tax and tip.  I'm taking one star off for not having brown rice, and for not having the crunchy noodles with hot mustard as a free appetizer.
In my quest to try as many different places as possible in Chinatown, I came across this gem. The deal is we're not supposed to go back to the same place during this quest, but after trying this spot out a few weeks ago, we've been back 3 times. That says it all really.

The service is quick and pleasant. The atmosphere is rather low key. Nothing fancy when it comes to the surroundings, but the price is right and everything we've tried had been delicious. Best part is bringing the leftovers home and making a nice lunch out of it the next day.

I have to add this little note about the tea. Most places bring your tea in a pot that gets stronger and colder as it sits on your table. The dopey kids, of course, don't like the tea leaves in their cups, but no such issue here. The tea is fully brewed when they bring it out, so the flavor stays consistent.
