I stumbled upon t-swirl on a random walk thru Chinatown after spending half my life in Penndot. I badly needed a bubbletea fix and couldn't help but notice the beautiful dark wood design of t-swirl. Displays of their crepes were in the window inside of glass cases like fine works of art. 
Plus I saw their $9 crepe and bubbletea combo deal between 11am and 6pm which is hard to pass up because the crepes average between $7-$7.50 and bubbletea at $3.75. Simple math to me.

I purchased the "Matcha" crepe which featured  strawberries, pistachios, chocolate truffle drizzle and yogurt cream. And a mango bubbletea cause I'm basic like that.
The mango tea was...mango tea. Let's get to the crepe, mkay?

The crepe was prepared in a waffle cone like shape and stuffed in a giant French fries container pretty much. Not a bad idea if u want your crepe on the go. I expected the crepe to be soft but surprisingly it was nice and crispy around the edges. It wasn't as dense as I would prefer for the price point but very tasty overall. The yogurt cream was a nice equalizer between the sweet strawberries and the salty pistachios. The chocolate truffle drizzle gave the crepe a nice soft texture in the middle. I wasn't full from the crepe but combined with the bubbletea it was just right. 
I'll totally eat here and and try a savory crepe next time. I heard the thai chicken crepe is LIT.
Oh my gosh, T-Swirl is amazing! Their menu is huge, so once you've decided if you want to take the sweet or savory route be prepared to spend a few extra minutes figuring out exactly which crepe you'd like to order.

I kept things pretty classic and ordered a banana nutella crepe. This was perfectly simple, sweet and delicious. The crepe is absolutely massive and is well worth the 7-8 dollar price tag. It came stuffed to the brim with lots of nutella and bananas. Next time I'd probably order the same crepe, just with strawberries. 

My first visit was in Philadelphia, but I was happy to learn that they also have a location in North Jersey! Next time I am craving a crepe I know exactly where I'll go.
I'm a sucker for aesthetics so I'll admit this place had me at its window displays. But seriously, can you blame me? A few weeks after it opened, I ventured in bright-eyed, bushy-tailed. 

Verdict: At least they have nice staff and nice decor. 

Honestly I wasn't clear on the difference between Parisian crepes and Japanese-style ones but I hope what I tasted at T-swirl isn't representative of the latter. We split their lychee romantic crepe with raspberry and rose cream. Sounds lovely, right? Well, fellas, don't count on this to woo your lady friends because it was anything but romantic. Actually it was more of a sad romance gone bad. 

First, I don't know if the crepes here are supposed to be made fresh because ours definitely wasn't. It might be different if served with ice cream but this one isn't. Maybe you're saying, okay, so what? Well, read on. 

The crepe came out flat with a smidgen of cream, torn bits of canned lychee sparsely spread on top, two visible raspberries and maybe one pistachio grounded to pieces (see pic). Half way through we'd already forgotten what we ordered because there was nothing left but a thin layer of cream. Was it 40% off? No, but it probably should've been because it felt like 40% of it was missing. If you're coming here, at least don't get this. For $7, my friend would've made something better - and I doubt he even cooks. 

Ok maybe I'm being slightly dramatic (not really). Maybe we messed up and went with the only bad option on the menu. Maybe they were running out of ingredients. But as much as I'd like to think all of that, I'm just not convinced to give it another chance anytime soon.
Oh Crepe what do we have here! Thin pancakes stuffed to the brim with a goodness that will make your taste buds go crazy. That sweet smell, that scent that makes you say " ahh that's what I am talking about ".  Now I am ready to get this ball rolling, I am in my comfort zone as I am picturing   the soundtrack of Top Gun being played in the background. It's time clock in, and wake up the taste buds, because we are going to work fellas. The only obstacle is do I go with the savory route, or the decadent route? Either way I will be winning with whatever I choose.  

  As I was ordering my crepe, I noticed they make the crepe right in front of you, so you can see how this is made. I found my winning dish and it is only three little words that will have you saying uncle. If you are wondering what three little word will make you say uncle? 
It is the ~ Chocolate. Nut. Party. Learn it, live it, love it my friends. 

When we define the word decadent, a picture of this crepe should be attached to it. The Chocolate Nut Party crepe is in a class of its own that is filled with chocolate custard cream, chocolate sauce, crushed pistachio, chocolate truffles, chocolate pearls. I'm not done, I needed to catch my breath for a second. There is also almonds mixed in this with chocolate gelato, and whipped yogurt with chocolate sticks piercing through everything. 

All of this wrapped up waiting for you to enjoy like a civilized person with a utensil or two. Sometimes you just want say "F" the civilized approach and dive into like a caveman! 

Great customer service, an impressive menu, and T-Swirl you just gained yourself another customer. 

Now get in there and enjoy a crepe!
My crepe ended up being way different than I expected, but it was actually very good. 
It is a small well appointed space. When you enter there are rows of crepes displayed in the front window. There were 2 low tables that seat about 4 each to the left and high top 2 seater tables lining the hall before the restrooms and towards the rear of the space. My party of 4 sat at one of the low top tables. Our neighbors were playing cards and enjoying their crepes, which I thought was fun. 

The crepes are assembled in front of you, sort of like a Chipotle setup. The menu is numbered, which makes ordering easy. For example, if you want the matcha, strawberry, chocolate crepe you can say "a #5 with match ice cream." My #5 crepe was a perfect combo of chocolate and strawberries with the matcha yogurt mixture. I expected matcha ice cream inside but it was more of a yogurt matcha mix. It would have taken it over the top had I added the matcha, which of course I did not and it is my fault. And now looking at the menu, I noticed you can add matcha ice cream for an additional charge, which I did not. Ughhh. It was probably better to skip the ice cream being we stopped for a treat and to warm up from the cold weather on new years day. My fiancés banana and strawberry crepe was just fine. It had fresh and perfectly ripened fruit however, I would skip it and go with a more interesting combination. 

I would absolutely return and will not forget to order my matcha ice cream this time! I am so upset with myself!
Dear owner, here are the 3 reasons your business will fail:

1. Crepes are overpriced.
2. Crepes are overpriced.
3. Crepes are overpriced.

No one in the right mind will pay an arm and an leg for a thin sheet of corn starch. The crepes should cost no more than $5. Stop taking advantage of consumers.
I called ahead and placed my order, but my order wasn't ready by the time I get there. Maybe because is about to close, they want to make sure the crepe is not gonna be eaten by their trash can:) At least I know my crepe is fresh this time, so I don't mind the wait.

I got the Matcha Azuki Bean with extra side of green tea gelato. Just one bite, I'm hook. I couldn't wait until I get home, I ate it in the car, it was that good. The crepe is lukewarm and a little crispy. Definitely love the creamy tastes.
Everything and I mean everything about this place had me going "ooooohhhhhh, ahhhhhh". From the moment I looked at the pics on their Yelp page, I was hooked! Then, I got to the storefront. The window display just got me even more excited to go inside and order something. It was so hard to make a decision, but after much deliberation with the fam, the Angus Short Ribs crepe & the Caramel Fuji Apple crepe (a-la-mode). These were both out-of-this-world. The Angus Short Ribs had the most tender, easy-to-eat meat chunks, sauce and the crepe just made such an amazing combination. I could have probably eaten 2 of these. For dessert, the Caramel Fuji Apple was anything but ordinary. With thick slices of apples, caramel  and bits of granola plus a huge scoop of the most delicious vanilla ice cream made this treat unforgettable. Again, I could have eaten 2 of these. The crepe batter was made with rice flour, so it made it not only crispy, but did not leave me feeling bloated like wheat-flour crepes make me feel. I have had many crepes in my day, but these were probably the best I have ever had, hands down! It's located in the Chinatown area. The cafe is clean, modern and inviting. You'll want to order more and more crepes, if you stay there long after your first! I hope to visit one in another city soon!
What happens when crepe, mango and strawberry get together?
Sweet stuffed crepes. And since I've got an opinion about everything (don't judge!), I have to unleash my inner critic (kinda) about T-Swirl Crepe. 
There was something surprisingly interesting about the big, crispy, light and not overly sweet crepe, stuffed with custard cream, and whipped yogurt filling. 
a) I don't like whipped yogurt, and I still enjoyed my crepe. (sort of).
b) The keyword here is "interesting", which explains the three stars. 
Anyway, the crepe was even more satisfying when it was also filled with fresh mangos and strawberries (instead of raspberries). The savory versions also looked good, but I haven't tried any-yet! 

Two thing to keep in mind before coming here:
- The staff have limited-language skills. So be patient.
- $10 minimum purchase to use your card. 

Three and Half Yelps.
Nice chill place to go get crepe in philly... LOVE my chocolate nut party... make sure you eat it before the ice cream melts hahahha but awesome crepes
I remember when T-Swirl first opened and my oh my was I excited. Creperies are well known popular snacks in Japan. Especially how the stands will draw your attention with the displays of different options to choose from. Yes, very eye catching.

Anytime I'm in Chinatown, this is of my top choices to stop in for a sweet treat. Everything is made to order and right in front of you. There can be a crowd at times, but you can chill out while you wait and be paged. It's better to eat it right than and there because the crepe will be nice and crisp. I also prefer coming here over Kung Fu Tea as their batter has different consistency. My favorite choices are the Matcha Azuki Bean and Chocolate Nut Party. I haven't tried any of the savory ones, but heard you're not really missing out on anything. 

PS - They also offer a loyalty program.
Definitely was not expecting to like this place as much as I did, but it lived up to the hype!

The crepes turn out just as beautifully (if not more) as the pictures and the plastic models on the menu do! I have a huge sweet tooth, so I opted to order a sweet crepe instead of a savory one. The Matcha Chocolate Truffle is DIVINE. There's matcha sauce, whipped cream, chocolate drizzle, fresh strawberries, and ACTUAL squares of creamy chocolate truffles! The definitely don't skimp on the filling/toppings. The crepe itself is thin and crispy on the edges, so skillfully made. For $6-8 a crepe, the prices are reasonable. 

I didn't have to wait very long for my crepe - less than 10 minutes during a fairly busy time. Their staff isn't terribly friendly but they're polite and competent. There's a $10 minimum for cards, so make sure you have some cash on hand!

I will definitely be returning for the Matcha Chocolate Truffle - I can't get over how delicious it was! Maybe when I have enough of those, I'll even consider trying a savory crepe at some point!
I am from Florida, and I'm not a crepe expert due to the lack of places that serve crepes. But this is definitely one of my favorite creperies. It was so good that I came here multiple times during my 2-week vacation here despite having to find parking in Chinatown.

I haven't had a chance to try out their savory crepes, but I love all of the dessert crepes that I tried here. All of the dessert crepes are super sweet, so if you don't have a sweet tooth, then you might not like them. They are all crafted gorgeously, and they taste as good as they look. The fruits used in the crepes were fresh. My two favorites are the Matcha Chocolate Truffles and the Matcha Azuki Bean. I love the taste of Matcha custard cream and the chocolate truffles mixed with pistachios and strawberries in the Matcha Chocolate Truffles. The ice cream in Matcha Azuki Bean was delightful, but I wish they would spread out the red beans more instead of putting them at the bottom of the crepe. 

I would definitely come back again next time I'm in Philly.
My favorite crepe place! I like my Crepes crispy, and this place definitely serves them that way. They serve the Crepes in the shape of a cone to preserve the crispiness. 

My go to is the matcha azuki, no beans, with  an extra scoop of green tea ice cream, $1.75 extra for the extra scoop of ice cream. Ends up being $10 for the crepe, but I don't mind. The portions are large, and worth it.

They do tend to use premade room temp crepes, so if you want a hot or warm crepe, you can ask them to make a fresh one. 
  
Cute atmosphere, and they have cold water complimentary, which is always a plus!
You don't know how bad I was craving this crepe! My usual haunt is Eight Turn Crepe in NYC and they moved locations to Brooklyn. And when I went to Japan to my surprise all the crepes there were different and more Americanized...who knew? Lol unless I just went to the wrong places, but I digress. 

Anywho I was in Philly on a whim and stumbled upon T-Swirl and got very excited! We came here for dessert after dinner and it was everything I wanted and more! To my surprise they even had similar, if not the same flavors of Eight Turn Crepe and I was able to order my favorite Crepe. 

My fav of course is the Matcha ice cream crepe with matcha custard, creme, Azuki red beans, strawberries, almond slices and Pocky sticks. 

It was heavenly! The wait took awhile, but well worth it. They really put the time and care into making each crepe. Usually at Eight Turn Crepe when you reach to the bottom of the crepe it's just crepe and no more cream or filling or anything. The Eight Turn fillings aren't spread evenly. This did not happen at the T-Swirl here! Every bite had a little bit of everything to the last bite! That's how you make a Japanese crepe folks! 

The reason why I love this crepe so much is that it's not too sweet and all the flavors together are not overwhelming. The creme especially is not sweet, it's more like a yogurt creme so it mellows all the other sweetness factors like the matcha custard, ice cream, red bean, etc. 

I was completely satisfied and can't wait to go back. I was happy to find out they have a couple locations in NYC and I def plan to check that out the next time I'm there. If only they could open up a location in the DMV, then I would be a even happier camper. Lol
I love all crepes - sweet, savory or both (I do not discriminate). So I was super excited to try this new addition to Chinatown. My first time here I tried the chicken teriyaki and I loved the presentation. The crepe comes in a cone form and all the ingredients are showing. The crepe itself is very light, crispy and delicious. The toppings are not in abundance - but bursting with flavor. (Quality over quantity right?) My second time around I went for a sweet crepe and the mango raspberry crepe did not disappoint! It was really light, sweet and quite filling! This place is quite the experience so if you want to try something new and exciting I definitely recommend it.
A wonderful, decadent treat that I find myself craving way too much these days! These crepes are huge and there are many different types. You have the option of getting a sweet crepe or a savory one. 

I have tried two sweet crepes from here and they were amazing. The mango raspberry crepe is light and refreshing despite being large in size and filled with many treats. It's filled with fresh mangoes and raspberries, mixed with custard cream and whipped yogurt. It's topped off with chocolate pearls and almonds and drizzled with chocolate sauce. Heavenly. 

The other crepe I'd had (possibly my favorite) is the Macha Chocolate Truffles. Strawberries, matcha custard cream, whipped yogurt, crushed pistachio, chocolate sauce and amazingly tasty chocolate truffles makes this so decadent and satisfying. I got it with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and I do not regret it. This is going to be a crepe I crave often. 

It's a small, trendy little place that is very professionally and efficiently run. You can play jenga or games while you wait or you can grab a buzzer and sit on a bench until your crepe is ready. Try this place if you like crepres or are in the mood for some scrumptious dessert!  If you like your crêpe to go, they give you a little carry bag that fits the cone shape adorably!
Walking around Chinatown with a friend I spotted T-Swirl Crêpe's aesthetically pleasing display and was immediately captivated. I went inside to take a look at their extensive menu of both sweet and savory crêpe creations and after quite some time I finally decided on the Blueberry NY Cheesecake. 

Blueberries, Blueberry Reduction, Whipped Cream Cheese, Custard Cream, Whipped Yogurt, Vanilla Ice Cream (Gelato), Almonds, & Chocolate Pocky Sticks all inside of a crêpe! It was absolutely amazing! A sugar rush experience!

I've grown quite fond of T-Swirl Crêpe and I'm glad to see them expanding their brand to locations all over the East Coast. You have to try one for yourself.
Loved the inventive sweet crepes.  Essentially a chocoholics ice cream sundae in a crepe that is wrapped and ready to go. Also enjoyed the mango slushy even in the wintertime.  Definitely worth coming back to try some other crepes.  I might even go with the savory one next time.
I know that traditional crepes aren't supposed to be crispy, they're soft and delicate but I have always wanted mine with a little crunch. My search for the perfect crepe has been an arduous one because they're not as popular in the U.S so they aren't many places that specialize in them. Luckily, we have T-Swirl Crepe right in the heart of Chinatown. I was skeptical of the place because it seemed very flashy and random.

It took me almost 2 years to finally walk in and try this place. Instantly, I was hooked. Granted, the crepes weren't exceptionally amazing but the variety and freedom of customization you have here is huge! They have savory crepes as well as sweet ones. If you order a dessert crepe from Monday to Thursday from 11 to 6, you can get a bubble tea to go with it for just $9. So far I have had crab meat crepes, azuki matcha crepes, Okinawa dog crepes and nutella banana crepes.

I always ask the chef to make it extra crispy for me and he never fails. I really like the Asian flavors fusing in these crepes. The crab meat for example, tastes like a really creamy, sweet and delicate California roll, all inside of a crepe. You can also add items like eggs or chicken to your order. The azuki matcha chocolate was super loaded, it felt like a full on dessert instead of a snack. Overall, I would say this place is a very cool hang out spot. The only complaint I had was with the bubble teas, they tasted watered down. If anything, just stick to the crepe when you are here. Special shout out to my server/cashier, he was very nice and accommodating. I will ask for his name the next time I come back, super cool guy.
QUICK POINTERS
* Free WiFi
* Cash Only
* Considerable menu [1]
* Comparable to Eight Turn Crepes (New York) [2]

FOOD (experience)
* Chocolate Nut Party [3] [4]

OVERALL
T-Swirl Crepe makes for an awesome rest stop in the city! If you're not feeling all too hungry, order a smoothie. If you're feeling content, order a berry crepe, If you're feeling a little grumble coming up anytime soon, order a savory rib crepe. Point is, there is something for everyone in the group. Decent amount of seating; front and back rooms. Pricing is reasonable and affordable (nothing over $10 unless you're including additional filling) for a small bite that is a little more satisfying than a smoothie drink.

1-star for a satisfying crepe, 1-star for atmosphere, 1-star for location, 1-star for food overall (menu + pricing), and 1-star for cool service (they offer games for groups or kids to play with while waiting). They satisfy a lot of the criteria for a perfect snack stop. Service could be better, but pretty typical in the China Town area. Definitely worth checking out.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] Selection of smoothie drinks, and crepes; reasonable pricing compared to a lot of other Japanese crepe joints

[2] PROS: more space, cheaper pricing (Chocolate Nut Party Price @ E.T.C. = $9.50 and @ T.S.C. = $7.50), and free wifi // CONS: Slightly less fresh

[3] Almond, crushed pistachio, chocolate ice cream (gelato), chocolate truffles, chocolate sauce, whipped yogurt, chocolate custard cream, chocolate pearl, and chocolate Pocky

[4] Perfect satisfaction for chocolate lovers! My ice cream scoop may look a bit smaller than what it initially was when they handed the crepe to me because of the time I spent trying to get a decent picture showcasing it's beauty, working with one hand to capture it without my other hand being awkwardly angled. Nice amount of each filling, Any more and you probably won't be a chocolate lover much more by the time you finish it ha.
Loved it here! After finishing lunch my friends and I stumbled upon this place. The window displayed all the crêpes that you could order, immediately I knew that I had the try this place.

Inside was super crowded since it was the grande opening. I was impressed how fast they took and completed the orders. It took about 5 mins in line to order and another 10 mins of waiting to get my crêpe. I decided to get the matcha chocolate truffle crêpe. It was $7, which I though was a fair price for the size of the crêpe. The price range for this price is pretty small, the cheapest is $6.50 and the most expensive is $8.95. They serve a wide variety of crêpes, ranging from sweets and desserts to chicken and steak. You can decide to add on more toppings for an extra price, I chose not too. They serve the crêpe in a paper cone with indented lines that you can follow to rip off making it easier and cleaner as you eat. 

I will be coming back to this place soon to try some of their other favors! I recommend for everyone to try it.
The Matcha Azuki Crepe is three desserts packed into one epic handheld treat! Its comprised of matcha ice cream scooped into a crepe cone with chewy red beans at the bottom. The dessert was around $7 and handcrafted. The presentation is also very pretty (great for the Insta) with the strawberry pieces arranged carefully. I love matcha ice cream so this dessert really hit the spot for me.  

There is a lot of indoor seating and a restroom in the back. While I was happily slurping down my matcha ice cream, a delicious aroma filled the place as someone ordered one of the savory crepes. I think I will try a savory crepe the next time I visit!
I've been here a few times and the crepes are pretty good, with a lot of options. I find the price to be a little much for the size, but whatever, it's a treat. The service is always kind of slow, but I guess you could argue that they put a lot of time and care into each crepe. 

What I found to be unacceptable is the disgruntled girl who boldly complained about my friends and me in Chinese to her co-worker/boss. Granted, we arrived 10 minutes before they closed, but my friend had been looking forward to it all day after hearing some bad news. If they were really not in a place to make crepes for us, then they should have just told us they were closed. We would have understood.

Instead, she went on and on the entire time, complaining about us and thinking I didn't understand (which I don't know why she would assume that the two Asian looking people were ones who didn't speak Chinese). Additionally, I saw her walking on the street ten minutes after their closing time, so was her night really that interrupted? It was just plain rude and I will not be returning to this place in the future.
Talk about false advertising! I feel misled by the pictures on the menu and the fake replicas in the window. I got the matcha chocolate truffle and expected a full cone, only to get one that was shorter, stouter, and somewhat squashed looking. It tasted fine but for $7.50, I expected something bigger or at least a product that looks like the picture. My friend got the blueberry cheesecake one and that looked bigger because of the scoop of ice cream in the middle. I haven't tried the savory crepes yet, but for sweet, get a scoop of ice cream in it or you'll eat it in like 4 bites. At least in terms of customer service, they give you a little buzzer when you make your order so picking up is at least efficient.

For what it is, over glorified but not actually high quality dessert, these kind of prices do not belong in Chinatown! On top of that $10 Minimum purchase for credit card use is bogus.
I always walk past this place in Chinatown for quite some time now. Today is the day that I decided to try it! Initial impression the place is pretty big and looks really clean! The menu had 22 different types of Crepes. From Crepes with fruits and Meat! I opted to get the caramel and banana (#4 it was supposed to be Apple). They made it pretty fast! I was also watching them while making it! Crepe was perfect, not too sweet just how I like it. The caramel was just a little bit, I didn't really get a lot of the caramel taste. Will come back to try the Crepes with meat
I've never had a Japanese crepe before, and their menu items looked very interesting. Decided to stop in at T-Swirl and try one of their caramel Fuji apple crepes. Service can be a little on the slow side, but when you watch them you can really see how much work they put into all of their crepes. So this really wasn't an issue for me. 

The crepe itself was satisfying.  I think traditionally they're not supposed to be crispy, but I did enjoy that aspect of it. It seemed like a majority of the filling was the custard cream, and would've liked to have seen more apple inside. It felt like I got 1/4th of an apple at most. The crepe was sweet, but not too sweet. Overall I enjoyed it, but wasn't blown away. Although I am interested in trying other flavors here.
I love crepes, but American crepes (labeled 'French crepe') had always disappointed me with their sogginess. Thank goodness there's T-Swirl Crepe now where I can get my fix of crispy crepes. I've tried a few flavors here--matcha chocolate, lychee raspberry, and caramel apple--and I always end up liking whatever flavor I choose. I also love how you can see the employees making crepes behind the glass because it is a fascinating process.

The prices are standard for crepes, although the crepes here are definitely smaller than the ones at other establishments in Philly. But I am a petite lady who doesn't eat that much anyway, so the portion here is perfect for me. There is a $10 minimum for credit card unfortunately, but you can easily get around that if you don't have enough cash. Just order together with whomever you come with, and pay them back later (or Venmo)!
First time trying their crepes and it was Delicious!!! Usually I'm not a big fan of sweet. There crepes is prefect tastebud for me, not too sweet. I ordered the chocolate nut party and surprising I finish eating all alone. 

I read couple of the negative comment below about there customer services and overprice for the item. Which is not truth. I walk in 10min before closing which it's something employee wouldn't want to see because they are about to close down soon. They were very friendly and told me what is recommend here. I added extra topping and they were super nice about it and didn't charge me extra. Some people saying they waited 15min for there crepes to be done and expect there crepes to be warm?! I don't get it?! But my crepes was on point crispy even if it's not warm. 

I saw couple of the comments about the overpricing the items on the menu. I believes there pricey is reasonable $6-9 max on crepes. The crepes there are very artistic and yummy. I don't mind paying $8 dollars for it. If you can't afford to eat out should stay home and budget yourself. While eating out with friend you shouldn't worry so much about the price of the food but enjoy it.
I had such a great experience at T-swirl Crepe. While it was extremely busy it only took 10 minutes for them to prepare my order. It was fun being able to watch them make the crepes right in front of you and it highlights how much thought goes into making the crepe.

The crepe itself had a nice crispy side to it which seemed to ensure everything held together. I order the special Mango Deluxe Crepe which came with fresh mango, dried mango, leche, honey, vanilla gelato, whipped yogurt and mango compote. I think it was supposed to come with mango jelly instead of the leche but the leche was a great addition.  The whipped yogurt and vanilla gelato were so good and added a nice smoothness. 

The packaging to hold the crepe was impressive and well designed. You can peel back the cardboard and it prevents the crepe from being a messy meal. 

I can't wait to go back to try other crepes!
Came here around 10pm on a weeknight. The establishment was fairly busy. Had to wait about 10-15mins for crepe to be ready. In the meantime, it was neat to watch them creatively place the toppings on the creams/custards and roll it into a cone. I got the Matcha Azuki Red Bean Crepe $7.95, scoop of matcha gelato included in price. For crepes that does not come with gelato, extra scoop is $1.75 I believe. The matcha flavor was great! I did not taste much of the red bean though. The poke sticks added a nice touch. The texture of crepe was crispy, but it did slowly become soft and soggy in the end. For a little more than $8, I do wish the crepe come with less cream/custard and more fruit. I would recommend sharing with a friend, because the sweetness can be overwhelming for one person. 

Pros: 
- Complementary lemon infused ice water 
- Plenty of seating area, go through the hallway and you'll find more seating in the back
- Lots of variety of sweet and savory crepes, great for dessert or lunch
- All the fruit toppings looked fresh, except the lychee, which looked questionable
- Indented lines in paper cone makes for easy peeling and clean eating
- Good way to step up your Instagram food pic game :) 

Cons:
- Cash only 
- Wait time, depending on crowd 
- Price 

Overall, I would give a 3.5 star rating if that was possible.
The latest eatery to open in Chinatown is another import from  the big city to the north of Philadelphia.  It is a Japanese crêperie called T-Swirl.  The crepes made on the spot here can be filled with either savory or sweet ingredients.  In its first couple of weeks of operation, large crowds have patronized this establishment so you often have to wait more than 30 minutes from when you enter the door until you pick up your order.  At that point there are tables in back to eat at.
I was not overly impressed by T-Swirl and it had nothing to do with the long wait.  It had everything to do with that this crepe concoction is very unwieldy to eat.  It would actually be much easier to eat if it were served on a plate and you could use a knife and fork.  I ordered the blueberry cheesecake and to be honest all I tasted for the first three quarters of eating this rolled up crepe was the vanilla ice cream.  There were a couple of blueberries as well.  Finally at the bottom I tasted the flavor I'm guessing is why they call it Cheesecake.  I expected the flavors to be blended and the entire crepe to taste like blueberry cheesecake.  I would def try another crepe at some point, but I won't be rushing to do so!
The ice cream Crepes are to die for 
Amazing so testy 
The fruits are fresh the ice cream very testy 
Loved the place
Sometimes a girl just wants to indulge, and T-Swirl is a great spot for that. 

The crepes are undoubtedly yummy, but it is hefty in size and pretty pricey for being a dessert. It's difficult to share because of its shape as well, but when you're really in the mood for a full-on treat, I think you'll be grateful for this option. I personally loved their banana nutella crepe and will candidly admit that I enjoyed the entire thing by myself one Friday night while I was waiting for some friends to finish up bowling. I love that the crepe is light but crispy. The banana nutella crepe fillings were pretty rich and creamy but oh, it was a great treat for this chocolate fan.
I absolutely adore T-Swirl.  The actual crepe pancake can be really tricky to do to perfection, and T-Swirl nails it.  The pancakes are nice and thin, but also really sturdy - it will absolutely hold all of your fillings (savory or sweet).  They also serve it to you in a very friendly to-go tear away packaging that you can rip along the perforated edge as you go.  They're also very soft but crispy along the edges.

The savory and sweet menu offerings are pretty extensive, and I have yet to have a bad flavor. The last time I was there, I ordered a sweet apple crepe and my friend got the berry harvest one.  I find that the ingredients (fruits and veggies) always taste fresh and the meat is also cooked well if you get one with it from the savory side.  Getting a sweet and savory crepe together I would say would equal a decent meal portion wise.

There's a decent amount of seating inside, and I've never had a problem not being able to sit.  The only problem you'll have honestly is just deciding whether you want sweet or savory!

Just as an FYI also, there is a $10 minimum for cards but that's not a problem if you get at least two.  There's an ATM located on the inside of the store for convenience.
How do you not love s crepe stuffed with your favorite sweet or savory toppings?!  We ordered one to share. Dumb idea cause we had to order three more!
This is a top notch indulgence.
4.5 / 5
I love Asian desserts, I love crepes, and I love ice cream. T-swirl has all three. They don't have your normal French inspired floppy crepes; these are huge crispy creations loaded with red beans, matcha, or whatever sweets your heart desires (even ice cream)! 

While I haven't tried any of the savory options, the sweet crepes are fantastic. Because huge fan of green tea flavored foods, my favorites are the matcha azuki bean (custards, green tea gelato, strawberry, red bean, almonds) and the matcha chocolate truffle (which has actual chocolate truffles inside). There are a bunch of of options for those looking for more standard crepes too, such as those filled with berries and bananas.

The cafe itself is also nice--- there's plenty of seating, free wifi, and a water pitcher for those who need to tamper down the sweetness. 

A couple negatives: service can be very very slow if there are a number of people inside because the staff is very meticulous in making the crepes. Additionally, there's a $10 card minimum.
In the middle of corona virus hysteria, we go to China town--to an area that's named after the country where it all started. The crepe is just this good. Beyond being a beautiful work of edible art, it also tastes so good. My kid got the strawberry Nutella crepe, my other kid got the short rib crepe and I ordered the crab. Sweet and savory offerings. Mine was fresh, light  with the perfect mix of ingredients. I felt healthy and fulfilled as a human being attempting to be the best version of my clean eating self. My kids begged to go back the next day. Had we not had a plane to catch, I would've happily obliged. This is our first experience with savory crepes so maybe we are easily impressed; regardless, these crepes made us so happy we made the effort to brave the streets of Chinatown during a Covid crisis.
Best crepes ever!  These crepes are lighter and crispier than your usual flat ones and so can be carried in a paper cone.  They are sweet but not too densely sugary.  The fruit was fresh and portioned out at a good ratio to the crepe dough. A great snack and portable too! My husband liked them so much he went back twice during the three days we were here.
I did not think I could enjoy any gluten free item as much as I enjoyed that crepe! 
I went for the banana chocolate and while I thought it should have been more loaded with ingredients for the price, it was definitely delicious and filling.
$10 card minimum and the ATM has a free so come prepared with cash! 

Advice: grab some dim sum and then save room for dessert at T-Swirl!
Great crepes!! Got a savory & a sweet crepe! The BLT crepe was amazing! The cut of bacon is thick & the flavor makes you melt. Every ingredient compliments one another. The freshness of the lettuce and tomatoes and the creaminess of the egg and avocado is wonderful! Let me talk about the crepe itself! It has a great crisp that adds to all the textures making your experience even more enjoyable! 

Now I got the matcha chocolate truffle crepe for dessert. Heaven. I love green tea and chocolate and then add the strawberries :). But wait, the girl taking my order asks if I want to add ice cream! There were four flavors to choose from and of course I add more green tea to the crepe! It was delicious. I devoured it. Don't wait too long bc the ice cream will melt and take away from the crispness of the crepe. A soggy crepe is no Bueno. 

The only thing that was a con was the wait. The sweet crepes come out faster than the savory, but disclaimer: I did go during lunch time. I think the avg wait is 20 minutes, but folks it's definitely worth it!
The crepe was not bad but relatively expensive  and I was the first customers at the door and no discount on the first day of grand opening and they are cash only plus they charged tax...
This place is on my rotation of dessert spots after dinner in Chinatown. The menu has a nice selection of sweet and savory crepes, but my go to order here is the matcha azuki bean crepe, with an extra scoop of matcha ice cream. You get to watch your crepe being made. The combination works perfectly with the sliced strawberries, red bean, matcha ice cream, and the light, sweet crepe exterior. I'm looking forward to coming back to try the lychee romantic.
Night two in Chinatown and noticed an ice cream crepe place. We have traveled to Japan and have had our fair share of ice cream crepes in Tokyo--they're always delicious. We couldn't pass it up! 

A big group entered the establishment right before we did but were still deciding on what they wanted, so we made a quick, 30 second decision on what to get before the other group decided. 

My wife and I shared the Nut Party. It was amazing. Lots of good flavors and textures with nuts, chocolate truffles, and a few pocky sticks. The crepe was crisp and held the melting ice cream well and the ice cream was decadent and rich. It was also very large and after eating a huge dinner, we were glad we decided to share. 

If you've never tried one of these, do it! It's a fun new way to eat ice cream and they have lots of delicious looking options.
The crepes here are so colorful and creative! I really like that they have a lot of interesting combinations to choose from and that they span both sweet and savory crepes. However I think I got a bad one because I ordered the blueberry cheesecake and watched them dump a bunch of cream cheese onto a crepe which was an unholy sight to behold. I guess I should've known better than to order the blueberry cheesecake. Some of my friends got the matcha crepes which looked a lot better. Perhaps I will try those next time!
I think this place is very cool and I enjoy their crepes a snack/lunch. Wether I have a sweet tooth or feeling something savory they've got it all. And they're Gluten Free!!!!!!!
Service was amazing and I really enjoyed the crepe. Came here after lunch and I actually should have come before bc I definitely overdid it on my stomach. Lol. 

I originally ordered the matcha chocolate truffle but read closer to the menu and decided to change it if they haven't made it yet. I really wanted ice cream. They were more than happy to obliged and only charged me the difference. I ended up going with the matcha azuki bean. It was really good, but I felt they were a lil bit heavy on the creme. I think I should have stuck with my original choice because the ice cream on top of cream made it feel heavy. But, I did really enjoy the toppings and crepe. The crepe was crispy yet soft and has a great flavor.

I'm definitely craving some now. Are they open at 730am?? Lol
This was the best dessert crepe I've ever had. I got the Lychee Romantic and subbed the raspberries out for mangos. The crepe is light, paper thin, with a nice light crisp. Absolutely amazing. The only regret I have is that I didn't order it with a scoop of gelato. Next time!
The other day it was raining, like sideways, and I didn't have my umbrella. Gale force winds pushed me up the stairs and I stumbled into T-Swirl and fell on top of a Matcha Chocolate Truffle crepe. 

It was an unfortunate scene. The whole thing somehow fell right into my stomach before I even knew what was happening. That thing didn't stand a chance.
Very Good! I had the Matcha Chocolate Truffle Crepe cone. It is a nice little dessert for any day. The environment is cute and casual, with an order-styled counter at the front. The idea is cute but a little pricey for the amount of food. Very unique combinations you will not see anywhere else though!
So I've been MIA from the Yelp world for a bit as I went on a savings binge and trying to get back into shape so eating out was a big no no.  My trip to Philly just ruined all of the hard work but it was so worth it.  My sister wanted to show me some new spots and boy am I paying for it this morning, but it was so worth it.  Came to T-Swirl after just eating at another one of my favorite spots in Chinatown and wish I came with an empty stomach.  They do both savory and sweet crepes and since I just ate, went with the sweet.  My sister and I split the Matcha Chocolate Truffles and after taking a bite, I really wanted my own lol!  The crepe was extremely light and airy with a slight crisp and was perfectly chewy.  The tartness of the strawberries complemented the sweetness of the melt in your mouth chocolate truffles and matcha custard cream nicely.  I was in heaven.  I will have to make this my first stop the next time I'm up here so I can try their other items.
I've only ever seen Japanese-style crepes on Youtube, so obviously I was excited to see this pop up in Chinatown! I got the Strawberry Banana crepe, and it was pretty much what I expected. I'm not a fan that they only take cash, especially with the weird prices, and I wish they were a bit larger for the prices, but overall it was nice and I wish all crepes were handheld!
Crepes and Boba! Stopped by from a Phily visit with some expectations. Ordered a sweet Chocolate Nut party Crepe and Regular Milk Tea. Interesting to see that no Honey Boba was ready in the back. The chocolate crepe was eaten while a 15 minute wait for the Tea. The dessert was satisfying and great texture, mixing the flavors of chocolate dough, a cream cheese cream, crepe pastry, and chocolate ice cream together to form a full taste. The milk tea was average to under. While the crepe was satisfying, the boba hurt the experience for a regular boba drinker.
Mostly come here because my wife craves more sweets than I do, but when I am here, I'm never disappointed. The crepes are made fresh to order using fresh ingredients. I never eat a whole one to myself as I'm always beyond stuffed from eating elsewhere, but I do enjoy a few bites of whatever my family get.

I have tried a few already - mango, strawberry green tea icecream, mixed fruit, and the chocolate truffle. I do think they put a tad too much cream in all of them, but you can request they limit the cream. Even with asking, sometimes it's still a bit overpowering. The crepe itself is thin and crispy (just how it should be). 

As for their drinks, I really enjoy their flavored teas with whatever jelly they have that day (my favorite jelly is the lychee one). Drinks aren't overly sweet and I can definitely drink a large by myself (but I don't...since everyone tends to steal some)

Overall: I know I'll be back!
Yum!

I'm not gluten-free - bring on all of the bread, please - but I don't mind gluten-free foods sometimes when they're done right. This place uses rice flour, which gives the batter a chewiness that I love. It also gets delicious crisp around the edges.

I think the real draw is the decadence of the fillings and the presentation. Watching the staff assemble the crepes was cool but also somewhat frustrating because I imagine that if it ever gets busy in here, you'd be waiting a million years to get your food. They are so slow, which is only fine when you're the only ones there.
This is a cute little place that we almost walked right past. Love the modern decor. We came in right before noon and the place was pretty empty. The employees greeted us instantly. I wanted to try a savory crepe but there wasn't one on the menu that really jumped out at me. So my husband and I opted share the matcha strawberry dessert one. Now that thing is a work of art! It was the perfect size for us to share. The best part of is towards the bottom where a lot of the ingredients meld together. Wish I had more time to spend in Philly so I could try the other dessert crepes!
By far my favorite crepe place I've been to ! it's. Japanese style crepe which is so fluffy and so rich on the inside. I just happen to come across T swirls crepe when yelping when I went on a day trip to philly with friends. There were a lot of flavors and with the recommendation of a friend I decided to get the lychee romantic. It's a pretty generous portion and you can definitely share with another person and still be satisfied. I would definitely come back and want to try other flavors !
Bubble tea: 4 Out 5
Great quality boba in our taro drink. The taro didn't taste artificial like other places, just slightly sweet, which is the way I like it. 

Environment: 4 Out 5
Pretty standard bubble/boba tea shop. Plenty of seating and some board games available. 

Service: 4 Out 5
Lines were almost to their entrance door when we arrived. Given the fact that we stopped by during the Chinatown Night Market they were relatively quick. 

Overall: 4 Out of 5
I'd stop by again if we're in the area. They also serve crepes if you're in the mood for that.
**This review is based solely on dessert crepes. I've never tried the savory crepes or drink menu**

When a place has you trying to recreate its recipes at home--that's when you know its a keeper! I've visited this place many times over, and I only foresee many more trips to come!

Food: Their rice flour crepes are so. freaking. good. It's not rubbery like a normal crepe; instead, there's a nice balance between crispy and chewy. All the crepes are made in front of you, and the fruit and veggie toppings look very fresh. A side note: I wouldn't recommend the Mango Raspberries crepe, since the mangoes were subpar and underripe (or try ordering in the summer, when mangoes are in season). My favorites are the matcha chocolate truffle and the matcha adzuki bean. 

Atmosphere: Love the dark wood and the surprisingly realistic crepe display encased in bell jars. I can definitely pick up and appreciate the Japanese-inspired vibes.

Pricing: 3/5. A crepe will set you back around $7-11, so it's not the cheapest dessert option, but I think that's a pretty fair price, given the freshness of ingredients and the hand assembly. I wish it was a smidge cheaper, but it is pretty filling and this is the only crepe place I've seen in Philly.

Tips: It's cash only for under $10, so be sure to bring cash or use their atm located right near the register.
I'm guessing fancy crepes are the new boba. Posts of crepes have flooded my social media feeds, so naturally I had to try it! 

I had the Matcha Azuki Bean -  sliced strawberries, red bean, Matcha custard cream, whipped yogurt, Matcha gelato, almonds, and chocolate Pocky sticks. Rolled up into an easy to eat cone with a peel-away wrapper, this is definitely different from all the other crepes in town. The flavors were delicious, but I think the yogurt was a little heavy-handed. Good when eaten with the strawberries, didn't care for it otherwise. (If I were to order this again, I would request to substitute the yogurt with chocolate sauce.) Hubs had the Chocolate Nut Party - almonds, crushed pistachios, chocolate gelato, chocolate truffles, chocolate sauce, whipped yogurt, chocolate pearls, and chocolate Pocky sticks. Sounds amazing, right? He didn't share any with me, but I hear it was indeed amazing.

Prices are on par with sweet and savory crepes at Beau Monde and Profi's Creperie. Will be back to try other menu items!
This spot is so unique & deliciously devine! My Sister & I treat ourselves to their yummy crépes once a month. T-Swirl offers a large variety of crépes from savory to sweet & I haven't met 1 that I didn't enjoy! My Sister & niece almost always order the strawberry banana or the mango. I have tried just about all of their savory choices; Honestly can't narrow down a favorite because they're really all that good! My 1st crépe to leave me longing for more was the shrimp avocado & the teriyaki steak.. For yummy goodness sake get down there & try 1 for yourself!
I tried the mango raspberry crepe and it was hollow inside. We were here on Saturday at around 11 pm. I am guessing they were closing soon so didn't put effort on out crepe. It was a waste of money.
Overall,
Crepe- 2/5
Service- 2/5
Price- 1/5
After ramen,  my dining buds and I wanted sweet bits and good coffee.

We roamed mindlessly in Chinatown and then stumbled upon T-Swirl.

We were hooked the moment we laid eyes on the crepes - literally swirled so as to fit vertically in their serving tray.   The 3 of us shared the berry one and it was truly amazing -- light, creamy,  just the right amount of sweet.  The gluten-free crepe was the true surprise.

Excellent iced coffee and iced lattes.

A great way to end a gastronomical night !
Great place!!!!! I had no idea until I walked in that the crepes were rice (not gluten). Had a very good iced coffee and a shrimp crepe and they were fine with subbing out or skipping the soy ingredients. Delicious and fresh. Friendly, competent staff. If they had tables in the back, it would be perfect because you could sit away from the music.
Absolutely amazing everything I've ever had there... Especially the ones with ice cream!! And definitely would recommend top notch!! You will pay about eight bucks per 1
I tried the sweet matcha crepe and savory truffle mushroom crepe- both were good but nothing too special about them. Beware that it can become messy! Make sure you read the instruction on the side of the crepe box when you're eating. Also the prices are more costly than other crepe places around, although this it is a convenient location. 

Suggestion: For the matcha crepe (#8) on the menu, I asked to replace the red bean (because I'm not a fan) with mango instead and it complimented the taste really well! They add mango all around the crepe so it's a must try if you're not a red bean lover- don't worry there's still hope ;)
Wow, this place was a kick-ass find.

Walking through Chinatown, trying to figure out how the hook-and-ladder truck is backed into the firehouse on a super busy, narrow street, I happen to see a huge glass window full of ice cream cones with spinach in them.

Looked closer, and apparently the Japanese are making crepes full of salad and berries now? Combines most of my favorite things. Had to give this a try.

Plus, it is by far the cleanest, most organized and modern restaurant we came across in this part of town. 

I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, my sis got the Wild Berry. Reasonably priced, always a good thing. Service is good. The guy behind the counter was quick to get us a menu and enthusiastic about taking our orders. 

They give you a vibrator to let you know when to come pick up your food, which is cool. Took about 10 minutes to get the signal. I didn't watch them make it (too busy watching that fire truck back into the garage), but I assume the crepes are made ahead of time. Ours were cold, and I don't know if that's intended, but its definitely not something the French would do. 

Regardless, the food was great. Ingredients are very high quality, and live up to the menu descriptions. I didn't try my sister's (not a fan of sweet pancakes), but she dug it and said mine was solid, too.

I annihilated the thing in a few minutes, Super tasty, very light and great flavor. Very happy.

I'm so intrigued by this place, had no idea this was a thing. But now I'm hooked; good thing they are a franchise that is hopefully coming out West.
Who doesn't love a good crepe for dessert, or even as a main course? T-Swirl here offers up some great options for those looking for a sweet meal whether it be for breakfast or a late night snack.

I was attracted to T-Swirl for their baddy deal that they advertise right in front- $9 for a dessert crepe and boba. Being the extremely dedicated Asian that I am, I could not pass up a deal that offered both sweet and well... more sweet. Let's do it!

I ordered their Blueberry Cheesecake Crepe and a Honeydew Milk Tea. Since I came right as they opened, their tapioca wasn't ready (boo...) so I opted for jelly instead. After ten minutes, my beautiful crepe and drink came out and to my amusement, was very Insta-worthy. 

The crepe itself was very good but a bit too sugary for me with the cream they used. I wasn't able to finish mine since it was so big so you may want to consider splitting one with a friend if you don't have the biggest sweet tooth like me. I loved that they used fresh blueberries though! As for my boba, I wasn't a huge fan since it was simply milk tea with flavoring. Given that the crepe was already so much sugar, it was a complete overload with both. My recommendation would be to stick with one or the other.

Their savory crepes look delicious so if I ever come back to Philly, would love to try one of these as well.
Dining Partner and I were walking around Chinatown and saw a man holding a ridiculously good looking cone-shaped crepe. I googled and found T-Swirl. I've been there twice now for the banana chocolate crepe. It is insanely delicious. It was busy both times and we've waited 20 minutes for our crepe after ordering. They give you a buzzer while you wait for your food. The crepe we selected is freshly made and lined with banana and chocolate custard, drizzled with chocolate syrup, with chocolate chunks and bananas. It is large enough to split, but I could also easily have eaten the entire thing myself. Can't wait to go back to try the Blueberry crepe. $10 minimum on cards.
Came on a late Wednesday night and the line was still very long. The place is nice. Open brick look with plenty of seating for chats and games. 

The ordering process was little confusing. As I placed my order I was able to watch the staff make the crepes. It was fun to watch. The front end person who handles the order and money was nice but had way too much on her hands.

She calls out your order number. Gives you your order. Scoops up ice cream. Washes her hands and never dries them and continue to give out orders. As it dies down, she then takes your order. I will have the Matcha Azuki Bean. What? Number 9 please. Lol. $7.95 plus tax. Gives back change and continues the chaos of calling out numbers. Her hands are still wet.

I take a seat and wait with my husband and read the menu. 100% Rice Flour. Naturally Gluten Free.

Oh wait my number is called. I pick-up my order and it's pretty. One scoop of matcha ice cream, wrapped in rice flour crepe and strawberries. Two pocky sticks. Whoever invented this idea is a genius.

It was light in flavor. No sweetness at all. You taste the matcha flavor and bean paste. The crepe was crispy and aromatic. I liked it but again, it is not something I would try again. I am a dessert fanatic and actually will give stars based on how good the dessert is. This was just ok. Pretty, simple, light but not something I would keep coming back for. 

They also offer savory crepes. Party orders and catering. Parking is hard to find. Metered or lots.
I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. My first time trying a Japanese crepe was in NY and I was in love!

I was so excited to see this place in Philly while visiting my sister. At this place I've only tried the sweet crepes but they are the bomb dot com!

The first time my sis and I ordered the blueberry cheesecake. It was made to perfection. Each bite was just as good as the last. Creamy sweet and not too sweet (if you guys follow my reviews I hate overly sweet things lol) and the perfect amount of blueberry which didn't taste too artificial.

The last time we went there was with more people we ordered 2 crepes the Matcha and the lychee raspberry one. These didn't hold up to the blueberry cheesecake one. But it was still delicious. The lychee one was fresh and light and not too filling. The matcha one was instgram worthy. As for taste very light as well and creamy but plain because it was mostly matcha and the cream didn't fill to the bottom of the crepe.
Love matcha with chocolate flavor..we bought salmon crepes as well and it taste so good with crepes.
Finally they open!!! Have been waiting this for couple months. I think they supposed to open on July, but they open on August 1st. 
The first day I got Matcha Chocolate Truffles & Angus Short Ribs. Both of them so delicious!!
If they put matcha ice cream it will great!!! I like the crepes, not too sweet, and enough crisps for me. 
And the Angus Beef is yummy!!! 
And I also got Black Sesame Shake. For me, I don't really like it. I feel like it bit bitter. I don't know maybe I just eat the crepes or the shake is not sweet at all.

And the second day I got Chocolate Nut Party. It so chocolate! Not too much sweet but too much chocolate for me. If you are chocolate lover you should try this! And I got Dark Chocolate Shake. And it still so chocolate so thick!
 
The line was so crazy! But not too long to wait. When I came it was number 50 something and mine was 67. Then I got my crepes 30 minutes later. Not bad, some bubble tea store longer than that and that's only drink. But this is freshly made. They make the skin after you order it then put all the toppings. 

Very recommended! First in Philadelphia (I think) Japanese Crepes!
The place was great! The food was absolutely amazing! My favorite was the chicken teriyaki and the dessert crepe was the caramel Fuji apple crepe!

The food was super fresh and the restaurant was clean!
Great addition to Chinatown. Especially on a humid Philadelphia day. 

Good variety of sweet vs savory crepes. I had the Matcha Azuki Bean. Matcha ice cream was great. Crepe still maintained its crispiness despite the melty ice cream. Loved the perforated wrapper - made it easy to walk and eat at the same time. 

A little bit pricier than what I have paid in the past for a dessert crepe. $7.95 and they only accept cash. Service fairly quick for the amount of people present.
I loved this place! Everything from the space to the crepe itself was perfect. Placing your order and receiving the buzzer made ordering much easier. I can see how this will make a difference during peak hours. I was surprised to see that all of their crepes are made from rice flour! I had the lychee romantic. I loved everything about the crepe. It was light and refreshing. The rose cream perfectly balanced the flavors.  I was surprised that the crepe is served cold. Not room temperature, but it almost tasted like it was refrigerated. Apart from that, the sweet crepes are great for dessert or a snack, but probably not filling enough for a meal.

I liked the space in the back that looked a little more private for a large group. They had board games available also. I can see how this would be a fun place to go at night if you don't want to hang out at a bar. The hours are fantastic, and you can really come in any time of day for a delectable treat!
Awesome dessert crepes! I've never had the savory ones, but I have no doubts those are great as well. The crepes are crisp, light, and hold up very well to the ingredients. The ingredients are quality, combos creative, and some also feature ice cream.
I was lured in by the bright, colorful window displays on a cool evening during my last visit to Philly. Having tried several Asian creperies in TX, I couldn't resist trying this one. My SO and I shared the matcha chocolate truffle, which I found rather underwhelming. It was nowhere near as aesthetically-pleasing as the displays and had less filling that I'd expected, leaving the crepe vaguely flat and triangular-shaped. Maybe we should've gotten a scoop of ice cream to spice it up? I also hardly tasted the matcha; it was overwhelmed by the truffle.

On the bright side, the taro milk tea that my SO bought to meet the $10 credit card minimum was surprisingly tasty.
The crepes here are delicious and basically works of art! I had to take 1point off for not having Nutella. I understand this is a Japanese chain but come on, when I think crepe I automatically think nutella!! The fruit was very fresh and the chocolate custard was really good, so 4 stars!
You just have to try it. Worth every penny. Everything is so good. I will be a fat Asian if I actually live next to this place. GO GET SOME!!!
Fresh sweet or savory crepes made as you watch. Fresh and DELICIOUS. Only con is the wait. It takes about 5 min to make the crepe from start to finish so
Great place to hang out and delicious crepes. I have tried a few of their crepes, both sweet and savory, but my favorites are the chocolate ones with matcha ice cream. I had a lot of fun playing Connect 4 while waiting out the rain or just chatting with friends.

The crepes are a little expensive, but I'd say they're reasonably priced since you can't get anything like it nearby and a lot of work goes into making each crepe.
This is a good addition to the mix of classical and modern Asian eateries in the Chinatown area. If you're looking for a late-night sweet snack, this is the place to go! I tried the Matcha Chocolate Truffles and Chocolate Banana. Both were good, but I preferred the Chocolate Banana (there was a slight tart-like taste to the Truffle one that I didn't enjoy). In addition to the crepes, I also tried their Dark Chocolate shake. After drinking it, it left me dehydrated and thirsty for water. 

Overall, T-Swirl is a place I would go to once in a while when I'm really craving something sweet. The price they charge for their crepes is just too absurd in my opinion ($7 for a thin rice crepe, 2 strawberries, and a smear of matcha, chocolate, and custard...?).
I have been to this place for several times, and i always liked the environment, deserts and drinks almost everything over here. But after today, i decide that i might wont be back very soon. 
The casher gave me very bad attitude started from taking  my order. May be because i was on my phone talking with my parents in China when i was placing the order? So I handed up my phone immediately after that. 
My bus was about to leave in ten minutes so i asked her once:" Is my order ready yet?" Yes, she answered my question but also with attitude. 
Okay Okay I understood, may be she was having a bad day or may be because she has been working for a long time. 
What i didn't understand is when i told her my order was for taking out, she literally rolled her eyes at me. But i said my order was for "to go" when you asked me at placing the order, young lady! ! I was not giving you extra work!! 
The eye-rolling make me feel so sick that i don't feel like Crêpe any more. How strange it is, from favorite to dislike, you just need one bad attitude. 
As a front desk at a doctor's office i know you will always get some customers you don't like. But i am gonna tell you that customer service is more than your personal preferences.
This is my absolute favorite place to go. I've tried nearly every crêpe on the menu and they're all delicious with great taste and texture. They are beautiful, filling, and always created quickly. 

Just be aware that T-Swirl has a $10 credit card minimum.
100% gluten free will always do the trick for me! But honestly a great place to grab a quick delicious dessert! Highly recommend trying it out!
WOAH OK AMAZING. I've always heard from people that this place was worth it. Especially bc of he price for a crepe. But nawwwww this place is really poppin. I'm in love with how beautiful these look and how tasty they are. 

The crepes have a special crunch to it and there are just so many items to choose from. They make both savory and sweet filling crepes here. From BLT crepes to strawberry banana crepes! 

The first time I went, I ordered the strawberry banana and the matcha Crepe and oml MOUTHGASM??? is that a word? sure why not. But that's the word that's needed to describe the feeling of your first bite into these!!!
Wow, I loved this place more than I thought I would! The crepe I got here was one of my favorite things I ate during my philly trip; I just wish there was one closer to NoVA. While I've been to several crepe places, the crepes here are truly unique. Maybe it's the fact that they are "Japanese crepes" which I've never had before, but the texture and flavor were so much better than any other crepes I've had. The crepe itself is crispy, yet delicate and chewy. It's hard to describe but they aren't soggy by any means. I got the lychee one and it had a gooey caramel sauce, berries, a yogurt sauce, and real chunks of lychee. Mmmm it was so good and unique, you've got to try this place!
Who doesn't like crepes and ice cream? Add Pocky sticks and I am sold. I tried the popular matcha azuki beans which is Green tea ice cream, strawberries, and other amazing flavors rolled together in a crepe. They do a great job including strawberries throughout the crepe which is spread for the most part, evenly throughout. Nervous about the beans? No worries, they are sweet flavored and not overly abundant and adds a great overall taste. It is a great somewhat-light perfect ending to your meal in Chinatown if you save room! The price-tag is somewhat of a deterrent though at being $8 and you cannot use credit card unless you have a $10 minimum. Otherwise, it is a nice treat every now and then!
NOTE: BRING CASH or need $10 credit card minimum. The ATM costs $1.75 per withdrawal, so might as well order more toppings if you're just buying for yourself... Also free wifi here, so good chill/study spot.

Think it's a solid 4. Skin of the crepes are pretty good, it has a slight crunch to it's exterior which makes it great. I got the matcha truffle crepe for about $7.50 or $8 I believe. Has green tea custard, strawberries, chocolate truffle pieces, creamy yogurt, and I substituted granola for pistachios. It was pretty good, although I think the truffles chocolate taste kind of overpowers the other flavors a bit too much where you can't taste the other ingredients as well anymore. Next time I go I think I'll settle for fruit combos or more delicate flavors. The tang of a little yogurt really wraps all the flavors together pretty nicely. 

My only qualm is that their price is quite high for the size of the crepe... Not sure what their operating costs are like, but I've had many other quality crepes in other parts of Philadelphia and San Francisco where the portion of the crepe is either much bigger or significantly better in quality for the same price as what they charge at T-Swirl. Wouldn't oppose coming here again, but can't afford to come too often!

Although I have to say kudos to the staff being quite friendly and eager to help or answer questions.
The place itself is very nice and spacey, I believe the prices are fair and I really love their banana chocolate crepe! My favorite creperie in Philly!
These are the best crepes I've ever had. 

The smoked salmon crepe was perfect. The strawberry banana crepe was even better. 

My only complaint is that they're extremely slow and very unorganized. I'll chalk that up to the fact that they've only recently opened. 

My suggestions for the owner(s) are to establish an actual system for the customer line and  make an actual crepe assembly line to get the crepes out faster. 

If I could get in and out fast for lunch I'd be here nearly every day!
Matcha chocolate truffle was amazing the first time I got it! It was my first time at T-Swirl crepe and I wanted to try something different besides the typical bubble tea in Chinatown. The crepe itself was crispy on the edges and flavorful inside. The fruit was fresh and the yogurt cream inside was delightfully sweet but not overwhelming. The chocolate pieces melted in your mouth with every bite! My fiance and I actually came back a second time a few hours later and reordered the same thing and it didn't taste quite as delectable but it was still tasty! Would definitely recommend! Presentation was beautiful, as well! :)
When eating crepes, you imagine a warm crepe with fresh toppings inside. However, that's not the case. After waiting 15 minutes for a crepe when we were the first in line in the empty shop to order, the hold up was kind of ridiculous. By the time we got our crepe, it already turned cold (which was expected because of the long wait time). 

Don't get me wrong. The crepe itself was good but the service was such a turn-off. We had the matcha chocolate truffle. Filled with matcha cream, strawberries, and soft chocolate truffles, it was fulfilling. It's good, but I'm not paying $7+ for it. imo It's not worth it when it makes me feel guilty inside. (￣ー￣)

The crepes are fun but it was overpriced and service was slow. It can't imagine what it's like when it's super crowded.
Love the concept and all the different flavor profiles here. I always opt for the sweet crepes over the savory. We had the matcha azuki bean , matcha chocolate truffle and lychee romantic. The process in making these crepes can be entertaining to watch
Wow, dessert crepes that are reasonably priced, freshly made, chocolate and fruit.  Yum!  Great place to go after dinner in Chinatown.
For low cost, casual, somewhat quick eats,this place was a delight. I got a shrimp and avocado crepe that was very carefully assembled along with a and honey green tea to drink. It does take a bit to get your order out especially if there are a few orders ahead of you. Also the dining area could be more comfortable and inviting.

There is a $10 minimum for credit cards.
I found this place to be a little pricey for what you get. We tried the strawberry banana crepe and it barely had any fruits in it! It was pretty much flat with a smear of cream and a little bit of fruits. If you want to add a scoop of ice cream, there's an extra charge of 1.75.

The crepe was definitely yummy, but there should be more of a balance of fruits to crepe.  

The staff was a bit unorganized and seemed confused, but I know this is because they've just recently opened. It is also cash only. 

I would choose 2.5 since the crepe was pretty okay. Hopefully they read the reviews and improve!
I really enjoyed this place. The interior is very cute. I had a hard time deciding which crepe I wanted because all of them looked good. I went with the short rib crepe. It looked so pretty that I didn't want to eat it, but it was delicious, just hard to eat! I will definitely come back for more.
Chinatown has been a hub for new restaurant openings lately. And T-Swirl created alot of 'hype' for their grand opening by posting a huge poster with pictures of menu items. Being a relatively original concept in Philly, they are popular among the younger crowd and foodies. 

The restaurant is really modern with nice dark colors, similar to the decor of Kung-Fu Tea. Pop music is playing in the background, menu includes pictures of the items and the items are displayed on color monitors above the cashier. Menu is basically divided by sweet and savory and if you wanted additional toppings, that'll be extra.Everything is made to order so depending on the crowd, it should be out quick. It's a bit pricey, in my opinion though I'm not sure how crepes are priced in relation to other businesses. 

Overall, I'm glad to have to try it out.
