I've Had 3 occasions to try Tacconelli's in 2019 and this seems to be something that will be be my tradition for many years to come. 
The first time was with a group of about 13 Yelpers who enjoy each other's company on a regular basis outside of Yelp. On this particular outing in the winter of 2019 , it was set up by a fellow Yelper Who decided to relocate to Philly from New York. Alexandra is From New York and her husband lived there for years So these people truly know their Pizza. They set the event up for us by calling ahead and ordering the dough and  we truly had a great night with great food and service and we never ever felt rushed. As I recall that evening we had about 10 to 12 pizzas of multiple varieties and everyone loved their pizza. 

My next visit was as a solo on a weeknight when they weren't terribly busy and I called ahead because normally you have to order your dough ahead of time. Unlike many places around I wasn't treated like I was a slug because I was alone and taking a table. Quite the contrary! I had a really great time with a Margareta  pizza. 
*** On this visit I discovered they have their own Parking Lot just a block away*** 

Last week on a busy Saturday night, May 4th My significant other and I got together again with A and T and T's mom Who was in visiting from Virginia. As usual we had a lovely time. Our table was big enough for 5 and the 4 pizza's we ate. Service was good and we never felt rushed. 
What a lovely experience being able to talk and eat and enjoy ourselves without being rushed. It made for a great night Tacconelli's and we thank you!!! 
 I don't know what other positive feedback can be said about Tacconelli's that hasn't already been said but since I drive 30 to 45 minutes up I-95 a few times a year, ' NUFF SAID.
DELICIOUS! Tac' s is a family favorite! Staff is lovely! Pizza is the best in the world and it's BYOB! My sister celebrated her milestone bday there on Sunday. They've a special room for larger parties and it felt safe and the place is very clean too!
Visited: Saturday - November 26, 2016 - 6PM

This was my first visit in 50 years; that's right 50 years.

I LIVED in Port Richmond for the first 29 years of life. I last sampled Tacconelli's pizza in the mid 1960s. It was acceptable. 

One does not order pizza from Tacconelli's. The DOUGH "mound" has to be ordered several hours before arriving. If you order four mounds, you're expected to order four pizzas

We ordered three Margherita pies and one with onions and prosciutto. The pies were very thin and crispy. These were flatbread NOT, classic pizza thickness. The Margherita pies had the distinctive basil character but the mozzarella cheese and sauce taste were barely discernible. The onion and prosciutto pie was marginally better.  

Based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews, I was prepared to enjoy a far superior experience than 50 years ago. I was disappointed.
Ok, here's all you need to know:

- this place is often mentioned as being one of the best places for pizza in the COUNTRY.

- you need to call ahead to order dough. You CANNOT just stroll in and order pizza, even if it isn't crowded at all. I saw a guy bring in his family at 4:30 PM, half an hour after they open, and they turned him away. Don't be that guy that fails and disappoints his kids.

- there are 4 choices of pies: tomato, regular, white or margarita. If you like some cheese on your pizza, definitely get the regular, which already is very light on the cheese.

- the pizza is very thin crust. They recommend at most 2 toppings since it doesn't even hold up well under more. Interestingly enough, you can see they crossed out "3" on the menu and replaced it with a "2" (?). I went with a simple pepperoni pie ($16.75), which really was great.

- it's BYOB. I see why people like that after buying a pitcher of soda for $7.

- the service is very friendly. This is literally pizza like grandma makes, as the sweet lady working here was very kind and maternal.

- it's worth calling ahead to order dough. The pizza here really is excellent. Call during the week right around 10 AM when the line opens, and come in closer to the opening time at 4 PM to avoid the still long wait to get your pie once you arrive. You will not be disappointed, as this is definitely worth trying at least once.
It's so funny - the combination of all of these reviews is so accurate to explain what to expect, but still it doesn't really prepare you for this place. 

I'll write a few new things that, in addition to everything else said here (reserve your dough, be prepared to wait, it's kind of expensive, the pizza is great, etc.), will maybe help even more. 

Reserve your dough: Yep. But a day before or even in the morning? No - this is not what I experienced. We called up 30 minutes before we told them we were going to turn up and got two pies set aside for us, no problem. 

You will wait : Well, sort of. You won't wait too long to sit down, but look around and  you'll realize there is a reason some people brought enough booze to tailgate a Phils game. You will chill at your table for a while.  We waited almost an hour for our pizza. BRING BEER or else you'll sip on warm diet coke for your hour of waiting because the wait staff is just not used to serving drinks. Everyone has coolers full of beer. You need to bring beer to make this experience work. It's no big deal to wait a bit as long as you're prepared. 

The pizza is amazing:  Sure. I'll buy that. It is pretty good. Just heed this warning: 

Skip anchovies. 

Seriously, I have never seen a restaurant put this many anchovies on a pizza. It was so salty it was almost inedible. We did get a 2nd pie that was less aggressive. Crisp, fresh, tasty sauce. Just trust me on the anchovies. We kind of did it as an experiment, and when you wait an hour for your pizza, you don't want to take chances. So.salty.

It's expensive: Yep, that one is on target. We paid almost fifty dollars for two pizzas. But you know why? Because they have to charge that much. It's like supply and demand on crack. They have only one oven. It takes an hour for every pizza to come out, and they know they have a good product. They have to charge a lot to turn a profit with those turnaround times. It sounds odd given that they sell out every night, but think about it. They sell out because they are so limited in how many pies they can sell per night and have no liq license. You're paying for that relatively stubborn approach to production. 

So...at the end of the day, I'm glad I went. It was an experience and something I've been meaning to do. In the future, though, I will order my pies in advance and get them for take out at a time I can come in and pick them up, and then I'll just heat them in the oven at home and enjoy at home. The pizza is great, but the way they operate is a hassle. I'm not complaining, and I knew what I was getting into, and I know why it is how it is. I am just saying, it's for some people and it's not for others.
The fact that taconellis has a single bad review shows the folly of yelp. Even philistines whose breath smells of assholes and dominos still get a voice.

I am a pizza expert. I have studied this food for many years, eating at dozens of restaurants in various states of being high, drunk, sober, sad, happy, young and old. I understand that the scale to judge pizza is not a simple "good, better, best"  but a 4 dimensional dynamic sphere-scale using varying factors to create a representation for the best pizza at the moment.

Taking this wealth of research and knowledge, I can authoritatively say there is not a better pie in Philadelphia. Thin crispy crust, several different sauces for the different pies, local-flavor service, decent price, and fresh ingredients. It is simple and delicious.
 
Now, say you are drunk in south philly, or you need a quick slice for lunch, then yeah, don't go here. 

But if you are looking to sit down, drink beer and eat pizza; then do yourself a fucking favor. 

I went back last night and 6 of us ordered 6 pies. There were 2 slices left. Whoever gave this place one star should have their account revoked and be taught how to eat. You know, even in America convicts can't vote.
Tacconelli's without a doubt the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you don't want to take my word for it feel free to take it from 610-WIP, GQ, Playboy, Citysearch, Best of Philly Magazine or Zagat. 

The pizza is thin crust style cooked in a brick oven. I highly recommend the White with Spinach and Tomato, Margerita and Regular with Pepperoni and Sausage, they're all spectacular. 

Now on to why other reviewers seem to complain: 
Yes, you have to order your dough ball in advance. They can only cook a certain number of pizzas in the brick oven at once so once they hit the limit for that day you're SOL. They're open Wednesday through Sunday and sell out every night. If you don't want to order the dough, that's fine it just makes it easier for those of us who've mastered the use of the telephone. 

Yes, the pizza is more expensive than the delivery place around the corner from your house. Of course going simply by the supply and demand theory of economics it's under priced since the demand is greater than the supply. Again why you need to order the dough in advance. 

Yes, there is a wait, but the pizza is made from scratch when you order it and there's a restaurant full of people ahead of you. However it's a BYOB, bring a cooler of beer or a bottle of wine and sit and enjoy yourself while you're waiting. 

Yes, they would like you to leave fairly soon after you finish eating. That's probably because they're trying to serve the mass of people who always seem to be sitting on the benches waiting for a table. If you want more time go later in the evening to avoid the dinner rush and hungry eyes of everyone waiting for their turn to get their pie. 

As far as the waitresses being rude, I've never personally experienced that. They've always been sweet, very helpful and attentive to me. What I can tell you is that if you have an attitude or complain about any of the aforementioned items, don't expect them to smile and take it like the High Schooler at your local Pizza Hut. If you didn't bother to find out what to expect before you went, that's your fault. Deal with it. They don't need you to come back ... remember the whole supply and demand thing. They know if you don't buy that pizza next time, it's OK, because I will.
I was very excited to try the best pizza in Philadelphia. It was so hard to order here. They only make so many pies a day so you have to place your order a few days in advance and as much as 2 weeks in advance for the weekend. I took the advice of one of the owners and got the pizza to eat in. You can only order 2 toppings because the crust is so thin. The crust was awesome but nothing else wowed me about this pizza. It was just bland. The atmosphere was great with some great music playing on the jukebox. Customer service was nothing special. Overall it was ok pizza and I was very disappointed because this had to be very well planned out. They are a byob and cash only. They also seem to not care if they lost business. They only makes pizzas their way and that's it. So take it or leave it.
For better or worse Tacconelli's is one of those places that I've heard a storied legacy about. While one person called it overrated and dubbed it the fact that you had to reserve the dough in advance a ripoff, another proudly dubbed it the best pizza in Philadelphia if not anywhere! with such dissenting but intriguing outlooks from both sides, and knowing that its been a Philly tradition since 1946, I long established that I too would try it one day. So when a bunch of pizza loving Yelpers made a pilgrimage there, I too had to join in. And after going one slice away from eating a full pie, its fair to say that I had my taste of perfection!

For ambiance Tacconelli's is a classic family pizza shop that showcases its history throughout. As a BYOB its good to bring some beers or a wine bottle, or enjoy with friends when your commute from work gives you limited time to (thanks for spiked seltzers Amanda!). Add in consistent service and its a good experience overall.

For the start of our pies the traditional cheese and margarita pies easily set the tone for for what was to be one of the best pizza feasts I've ever had.While the traditionalists who pander for tomato pie from places like Corpalaese Bakery and Ianelli's may scoff at Taconelli's version, it did showcase the full flavor of their sweet sauce. The white pie with no cheese or sauce was another unexpected treat for anyone who loves garlic. As the evening progressed we also enjoyed mushroom pie, sausage with onions, pepperoni, white pie with spinach and peppers, and an incredible pie with proscuitto. And with every pie we found even more reason to be enamored by this classic pizza place.

When it comes to Tacconelli's believe the hype!
"Best pizza I've ever had."

What strong words!  Let me say this: Tacconelli's is the possibly the best pizza in the city.  It's crust is crispy and delicious.  The sauce and cheese are both fresh and these people are knowing what they are doing when they won't allow you to order tomatoes on red pies as the two tomato flavors clash.  Clearly, they know pizza like no other place in the city.  

That being said, although it may be the best pizza I've had in the city, the main question is whether it's worth the hassle.  You see, you have to call ahead and reserve not only your spot but your dough.  If you order two pizzas, be prepared to wait 45 minutes after the waitress gets around to you.  If you order 3 or more, prepare to wait 45 minutes for your first two pies followed by another 45 minutes for any two pies after that.  You see, they can only cook 2 pies at a time.  We had four people and ordered 3 pies.  We finished quite a bit of our first two pizzas but had to wait, still hungry, until the 3rd came out.  Brutal.

Okay, my main problem lies with the price.  Yes, this is probably the best pizza in the city but they cost $17-19 each.  For a pizza.  With canned mushrooms and frozen spinach.  There is no mention of this price in the menu so it came at quite a shock when our three pies cost $55.  That is really the deal sealer.  

For all our hassle, the distance from any mass transit, the waiting, and the true lack of decor (it looks like a mom and pop diner but is ber expensive), I suggest just going to Dock Street Tavern.  You don't have to call ahead, the toppings are fresh, the surroundings are pleasant, and it's a reasonable price.
With a group of pizza loving Yelpers, I made the pilgrimage outside my normal city limits. It's worth it for pizza. 

Thanks to the organization of Alexandra K., we had already had an order of about 10 pies placed. That's the trick of Tacconelli's- you must reserve your dough in advance. While we are talking intricacies, it's cash only.

What a pizza experience! Our pies trickled out throughout the evening so we were able to sample slices while they were hot. The thin, crispy crust and sweet tomato sauce are the backbone to the delicious of each of the tomato pies. The crispy, garlic seasoned crust was the standout for the whites.

We also lucked out that they had 9 extra doughs for the evening. We were able to experiment a little more with other toppings. The rules- 3 toppings max and one meat. I'm particularly enamored by the prosciutto and basil combo.

What was my favorite overall? Well, I loved the tomato sauce and I loved the garlic crust. If there was a way to combine that aspect of the red with that aspect of the white, I'd be making this pilgrimage constantly.

It was a BYOB with a very casual scene. Our server was friendly and happy to guide us with toppings.

For the love of pizza, it was a delicious evening and worth the pilgrimage.
What's the big deal about this place??

Finally reserved my dough to be able to dine here for date night.  Pizza lovers, pay attention because the overemphasized and ridiculous requirement of reserving a dough is really nothing more than the establishment being cheapskates and only wanting to serve exactly what will be ordered.  Also.  Very overpriced.

The pizza was simply okay.  I could get this too thin crust pizza anywhere else with an often better quality.  Some of the ingredients seemed to come out of a can, and the crust, while good, is not worth any sort of extra trip.

The service is horrendous.  It was not that busy, and despite being "acknowledged" many times by different staff, it took 5 extra minutes to get attended to.  There seems to be no system in place there.  People just do what they feel like.

Tableware comes in the form of paper plates and ultra-thin napkins.  If you're lucky like we were, you'll get an used plate wedged in with clean ones.
Everyone has had more slices of pizza than we care to admit. We are almost numb and indifferent to it. As the saying goes, pizza is like sex, even if it's bad, it's still pretty good.

This then, my friends, is the manage-a-trois of pizza. You don't get it often, and when you do, you brag to your buddies about it.

Disclaimer: Yes, I've lived in New York. Their standards are high. Their average pie is better than the average pie anywhere. Tacconelli's is just not your average pie.

I think it's the crust. It's flavorful, crisp, exquisitely thin, and charred just the slightest bit courtesy of the one-of-a-kind oven they have. A word of warning, don't overload the pie. Don't ask for the works. 2 toppings max. Otherwise you'll overload the thin crust and undo the magic.

And the place is not fancy. Seriously. It is a damn pizza shop in Port Richmond. If you want fancy shmancy concept pizza go to Osteria. It's good too.

Yeah, calling that day to order your dough is a little annoying, but they can only make so many pies a night, so just get your name on the list and deal with it.
I was on the same pizza trip as fellow Yelper Michelle P. Since I'm not going to be able to top her excellent review (from 8/2/2018), I'll spare you the redundancy and just add in my two cents. First, why did I bother to organize a group trip to Tacconelli's in the first place? That mission started when, during one of my classes one of my favorite college professors (and a foodie extraordinaire) decisively declared Tacconelli's one of the best, if not THE best, pizzerias IN THE COUNTRY. I grew up in Brooklyn, and I'm not a pizza snob by New York standards, but apparently I am by standards everywhere outside of New York, so when I heard "the best pizza..." obviously I was going to have to try it. 

Fast forward to many, many years later, and now I'm back in Philadelphia. I know people like to joke about the pizza here but...oh my god. Maybe I'm a pizza snob after all. Could Tacconelli's be the place that would save the city (in my imagination) from being a pizza wasteland, where even the supposedly best pizzerias only serve mediocre pies? Wednesday night proved to be a resounding YES. 

First off, major thanks and super kudos to the staff for dealing with my merry band of Yelpers with such grace and generosity. The woman who seated us and took our orders was especially awesome, and everyone who brought out our pizzas was very patient and wonderful too. I had ordered 8 pounds of dough for 13 people, and people enjoyed themselves so much that we ended up ordering three more (because we were lucky enough to get access to the leftover dough that day). Pizza strengths? Very thin crust, (maybe a little thinner than my ideal, but better thin and crispy than thick and doughy), which is actually kind of deceptive because it makes you think you can eat more than you should (don't say I didn't warn you). The tomato sauce is AMAZING. Maybe not to the point  that I want it all by itself (tomato pie? What the heck is that?) but on the margarita and the regular pies the sauce was definitely better than any I've had in Philly, and standing on its own probably better than the sauce on a lot of the great pizzas in New York. The margarita pie was my favorite, (higher sauce to cheese ratio, and the basil is a great touch) but the white pie, wow! I'm not sure what kind of cheese they're using, maybe it's a blend, but with the garlic and seasoning it was fantastic. 

I usually love toppings on pizza, and I'll probably get a pizza with toppings the next time I go, but to me the test of a great pizza is, is it excellent on its own, the regular and the margarita, no toppings needed? Yes, yes and yes. Serious pizza respect for Philly thanks to Tacconelli's.
Tacconelli's in Port Richmond has long been Philly's iconic pizza.  It is very popular.  In fact you have to reserve the dough ahead of time if you want to enjoy a pizza that evening.  Reservations start on the morning of each day it is open ... and you better get that dough reservation in early or you'll be informed on the phone that they are all sold out for the day.  All this adds to the mystique of Tacconelli's.  Now obviously this is a good pizza or it wouldn't be so popular but it is def not my favorite by any means.  I like my local pizzeria in Vienna much more as well as a few other specialty pizza spots in Philly.  I love white pizza a lot but Tacconelli's White has just too much garlic for me to really love it.  I'm not a big garlic fan to begin with but if you do like garlic, you'll be in garlic heaven with a white pizza from Tacconelli's.  I could round down to three stars or round up to four stars.  Well since it's Tacconelli's, I'll go up to four!
The thing with Yelp and friends talking a place up is that you get these expectations and sometimes it changes your viewpoint of the restaurant before even walking in...

To start, it's a little family-style almost hole-in-the-wall type restaurant in Port Richmond.  There is a little parking lot down the block, next to a church (I believe), with a sign that reads, 'For Tacconelli's pizza parking' which was nice, so we didn't have to look for street parking.  My friend called earlier to reserve two doughs for the three of us.  Granted, I have never been here before and my two friends I went with had been here before, but it had been a while.  As we're walking down Somerset St, I had no idea what to expect - will it be a small mom & pop shop?  Will it be a large grand restaurant with nice floors and marble counters?

We walk in through this door and are immediately hit with one of the most disgusting smoke smells I've had in a restaurant in a long time.  My eyes opened wide as the smoke smell entered my nose and looked around to see if people were smoking.  Obviously, they weren't, but all three of us were unsure as to how strong of a smell there was, and how it continued to linger for a bit (either a customer or worker came back from a smoke break and/or it just blew in from the front door).  Regardless, we walk in and one of the waiters asks for our name so he can pull up our dough reservation.  I look around and it has a very old school, 80's diner vibe to it...in fact, I don't think it's been renovated since then.  I usually don't mind the decor, but given the smell and the raggedy booths, this wasn't off to the best start.

After our hanging our jackets on the coat rack, we sit in a booth in the front part of the restaurant.  They have a back room with tables and chairs, and a side room, which was dark, so I didn't get a chance to see much of it, but assume they open that up on weekends.  You can bring anything to this place, literally almost anything, except for pizza.  You can bring apps, salads, drinks, etc., which is pretty cool and interesting.  Across from our booth were the two restrooms, an ATM (they are cash only), and a retro jukebox.

The service here is great - our waitress was extremely friendly, patient, and had many recommendations for us.  Their menu is small - four types of pizza, about a dozen toppings, and that's it.  Prices aren't listed on the menu, so good luck trying to guess how much it'll cost you ha.  After getting our drinks, she came back to take our pizza order.  We were debating about which ones we wanted to get, and she provided her input, which was definitely needed.  We ended up with:

Margerita - this was tasty, but the tomato sauce was a bit too sweet for me.  The sauce was rich and flavorful, and the smell of the basil was fresh.  The cheese itself was fine...nothing special about it, but just decent mozzarella.  The dough/crust was interesting...given that you had to reserve the dough, I wasn't sure what kind of pizza we'd be getting, but this place is semi thin-crust.  The crust on the margerita was very crispy/crunchy, but honestly pretty bland.
I'll probably try a regular pie over this next time.

White (with onions and tomatoes) - this was amazing...delicious pizza through and through.  The little kick it has with the onions/garlics/black pepper is perfect, and was a nice complement to the sweeter margerita pizza.  Our waitress recommended adding the tomatoes to this pie to give it some sauciness, and she was right...it was definitely one of the better pizza's I've had given this combination.  Don't think it would have been as good with just the onion.  The crust, similar to the margerita, was thin and crispy, but the burnt garlic gave it a nice little crunchy taste.

We also got the hot peppers - worth it!

Overall, not a bad place, but not completely up to the hype that I was expecting.  My advice to you is to definitely go and check it out...reserve your dough, bring some drinks, and enjoy the pizza and time there.
I have been saving my 100th review for something AMAZING. I wasn't sure for a while just what that would be, but Tacconelli's is it.

After several long weeks of planning and postponing, a group of friends and I finally made it out to Tacconelli's. I'd read a ton of reviews to get an idea of what we were in for, and I expected this:
A very long wait
Surly waitstaff
Delicious pizza
Very empty pockets

Not the case. I called to make my reservation and the woman on the phone was friendly and helpful. When we got to the restaurant, our waitress, Sue, was equally as pleasant. 

We reserved dough for 4 pies and got the margherita, spinach and tomato, and 2 regular. IT WAS SO GOOD. I burnt my mouth a few times because I am too impatient, but it was worth the pain.

It was slightly pricey ($64 for 4 pies) but it was so good and we were so full we didn't care.
Tacconelli's was hyped-up so much I half expected to pass out at first bite. I don't understand when people say this is the best pizza... "ever", "in the world", "on the planet", etc. If you're regularly consuming Papa John's, Domino's, or Little Ceasar's then I see how that statement may hold some weight. Otherwise what I experienced was a large helping of hype with a side of pizza. 

PROS:
- It is BYOB and it's a great place for groups. 
- There appears to be a large number of regulars. 
- Photo Hunt is only 25 center per game, compared to the city that's a great value!

CONS: 
- They've got a shtick. You have to call and reserve your dough in the early morning the day you wish to dine there. This requirement is not because it's unlike any other pizza you'll ever have in your life. Just like Federal Donuts does, they've created an illusion of demand.
- It's in Port Richmond.
- It gets really really loud.

The pizza was good, but not the best I've ever had. The crust was crispy and on the thinner side. I probably would not come back here on my own. That being said, if a  group was going and requested my presence at the table, I would not decline.
Overrated. Overhyped. Sorry, someone had to say it. 

Like so many of you, I had heard a lot of great things about this place. 

Now don't get me wrong, it's not bad.  It's just ok. 

The pizza is very thin.  The sauce doesn't blow me away. You need to call ahead to order your pizza (annoying).  Said pizza is fairly expensive for the size.  

Located in a quiet neighborhood section of Port Richmond, you might just drive by this place without even knowing it. Parking can be a little tough but they do have a lot a block away (not attached to the building at all). 

I would suggest you ignore my review and the ultra positive reviews and try it with an open mind.
This is officially the new choice of my last meal on earth!  Sorry Mom!

Tacconelli's is one of the best if not THE best pizza around. It is a great time and totally worth reserving a pie. The atmosphere is not much but the pizza is the prize!  The place is BYOB so if you choose to, make sure to bring the vino!

Mangiate, bevete e siate felici!!!
This might be one of the closest things to real NY pizza in Philly, but that doesn't mean it's amazing. It's certainly not bad, especially for Philly. Which is why it gets 3 stars and not 2, even though I've had better. But lots of small things add up to make this pizza just A-ok. 

The sauce is a little too sweet. This is a problem if the cheese is concentrated in the center of the pizza, leaving a 1-2 inch ring of just sauce adjacent to the crust (this occurred on both our margherita and regular pies). The crust itself is a little too thin and crunchy for my taste, though you might be into that sort of thing. The toppings are not premium for the price of the pizza (canned mushrooms, standard and not fancy pepperoni, spinach a little overcooked). At ~$19 a pie, it's a just little too expensive for what you're getting. The white pizza with spinach and tomatoes was probably the best of the three we ordered. The margherita had tasty cheese and basil, but again too much overly sweet sauce, and the "fresh mozzarella" didn't seem very different from the cheese that came on our regular pie - I was expecting the white mozzarella islands sliced fresh from mozzarella balls that you usually get on margherita pizzas, but alas. 

The decor is like a family-friendly Pizza Hut restaurant circa 1980... and it hasn't been updated since. Booths, wood paneling, etc. At $19 per pie, I'd like a little nicer ambiance, I think. Also, I'm not sure how I feel about the dough reserving gimmick. 

Taconelli's is worth trying at least once, especially if you can't get your butt up to New York for the real thing. But don't get your hopes too high based on all the fantastic reviews. If you do go, 3 pies for every 4 people is just about right, which will end up setting you back about $17 per person.
My jaw hurts from fighting through the crust. Yeah so what if I scarfed down a whole pie and then some. It's a fine line than Tac's walks: timed right it's the best pie in town; a tad overcooked, it's a bit tough to handle - but damn tasty still. If you're not impressed by the flavor of this pie, you should just go back to eating dog food.

P.s. This place is doing damn fine without utensils and without pounds of cheese and grease on their pie. If you ask for utensils or complain about the "lack of cheese" you should be sent away with a plastic fork in your eye.

P.p.s. If you're heading out to Tac's on the El - you'll be walking 10 of the shadiest blocks in Philly. You have been warn.
I remember going here when I was little and hating it because it was "burnt." I now know that it's brick oven style pizza. It's great.
This place is unbelievably inconvenient to give business to. They're cash only, have weird hours, they have limited seating, and require reservations. The service also has a take your business or leave it attitude. It's also very expensive. 

How do they get away with all this? Because they know their pizza is the best, and so do their return customers.
I've been hitting up Tacconelli's since high school but that was before yelp was kewl. If you dont know the drill, cash only, call ahead and pre-order your dough (reservation obv), don't order more than 2/3 toppings. Oh they're also BYO!

I'm a thin pizza kinda gal and Tacconelli's fits my needs (hence the less than 3 toppings rule). We ordered a pepperoni, extra cheese, and white with spinach and tomatoes. I liked the white the best but all were great. 

Hands down best pizza in Philly.
Do not believe that Tacconelli's is over rated. It isn't . It's great. Even with all the pizza hype nothing compares to Tacconellis . There is more excellent pizza in the city then ever. But sometimes you need to go back to the classic. It's just the best.

Just as good as could be. Still my favorite!
Cash only, call ahead and pre-order your dough, don't order more than 2/3 toppings. 

Pizza is okay (Better than your average corner pizza shop) but with that said, they don't care if they lose your business. 

Ordered for pickup after work one day, explained to them that I may be 10 or so minutes late due to rush hour traffic. Even asked if that would be an issue for them and told them if it was an issue, I would just not place the order. They said they were fine with it, I placed the order, went to go pick it up, was late due to traffic, got to the restaurant to pick up and got myself quite a bit of snarky comments and remarks for being late from the staff.

Frankly, keep your pizza and your comments.

Not worth it.
"Since your pies have been reserved for you, we kindly ask that you take what you have reserved." -- This was such a strange statement to me.

Whenever I go to a far away city, I'm looking for pizza. But it's not the best rendition of a Naples-style slice I'm looking for - for me, the best expression of edible Americana is regional pizza. In just about every city of every state, there is a unique pizza style, it's never ending. I usually get tips like this from chowhound or Slice, but it was from the pages of the Philly Phoodie where I found the Philadelphia region pizza to put on my absolute-must-to-do list : Tacconelli's Pizzeria.

Most PA people I talked to hadn't even heard of it. It seemed like only those who live in the neighborhood or were true pizza nuts had reveled in Tac's.

But let's get this out of the way first: It is fantastic. And even before I get to the flavor, let's talk about the rules:

- Customers are asked to reserve their dough ahead of time. This means they should call ahead anywhere from 1 to 24 hours before they come to tell the Tacconellis how many pizzas they plan on having. I've heard of a certain number of pie being produced a day, but this concept of "reserving your dough" is fresh to me. Everyone talks about it.

- They are open Wed-Saturday, seating customers usually from 4pm-8pm.

- The menu has 4 items: tomato pie (no cheese), regular pie (some cheese), white pie (all cheese), and margerita (fresh mozz)

The limited hours, limited production, and limited menu is so sexy to me.

One of my best tricks to getting in with the staff is by saying something like, "I've heard a lot about you guys, but this is my first time. What should I get?" We had a hard time deciding what to order, so after we put in for a regular red pie, the waitress came back and said they could make us one with halves of her two suggestions: regular red and white with spinach and tomatoes.

The red was absolutely perfect for my taste: slightly sweet sauce, soft round cheese dollops; and the white had a great cheese/dough mix with the garlic heat combining into the cooling toppings. It killed. But the best part on either was the crust. Dusty to burned grayness on the bottom, and flecks of flavorburst on the edges, it was magnificent. This is the crust I dream of. Smokey, tough, chewy, soft, charred, light -- all those things.

Walk into the back kitchen and there's a couple of things you notice. One is the giant pizza peel (that slider for putting the pies in the oven). It's longer than a car, and has a stand by the back end to keep it horizontal and ready to shove. Another thing is the space of the room, compared to how many people are operating the place. There's a Tacconelli working the oven, taking care of all the oven in and outs, with a couple of employees (possibly related) operating other duties in the large space. Most remarkable, though, is the brick oven. The 1918 thing is 20 feet long by 20 feet wide. That's even bigger than Al Santillo's, the only other operation that I could think of like this (and I'm not even going to risk hurting Al's feelings by comparing the two).

The menu text dictates you limit your pies to two toppings - I love that. They could make more money, and let you pile on toppings, but no, they give you limits. Now in their the 5th generation of Tacconelli forming the slice, their recommendation is appreciated. Anything else could insult the gods of pizza.
Barstool followers, pay attention before you give shitty reviews:

Cash only! Call ahead whether or not you dine in or take out!

Great pizza. Likely the best in philly. This pizza is the product of decades of perfecting the craft. Get off your wallet and get some pies with toppings.
I've been waiting a long time to finally try Tacconelli's. Today was the day. 

I'll say they're most definitely in the running for best pizza in Philadelphia. Fantastic flavor in the sauce and the crispness from the oven make for one hell of a combo. 

LaRosa in South Philly and Lorenzo's on South Street are still personal favorites. But this pizza has a unique quality that stands alone.
I've heard tales about Tacconelli's and now I know why it's a neighborhood staple and Philadelphia institution. The pizza is great. The crust is thin, the sauce is really tasty, and it's topped with quality cheese. This place has rules though, so be aware of them before you show up. You call ahead and order the number of pies you'll eat - if you're still hungry too bad. If you're full and want to cancel a pie, you're out of luck. You ordered it; you're taking it home. Totally Philly, right. Expect a crowd, some noise, and a pizza you'll still be thinking about a week later.
I finally made it to Tacconelli's Pizzeria after my friend had been talking about it for what seems like an eternity.  My friend arranged for six of us to go, and RESERVED six orders of dough, yep.. one pizza per person... she said it's just that good.  We got seated right away, and one of the people in the party brought salad for us to eat before the pizzas came out.  With that being said, I walked in pretty hungry hoping I could order a starter of some sort to take up the wait time, but they don't have starters here.  It's also a BYOB.  I was thankful for the salad, because it took an hour for the first pie to make it's way out to our table.
Wow.  The pizza was worth the wait.  It is some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce has a perfect flavor, and differs from pie to pie.  From then on, the other five pizzas came out staggered perfectly.  We all had a slice of each, most came sliced into seven pieces, so there were a couple pieces left over.  
The service was good.  I'm looking forward to going back.
The rules of Tacconelli's:

1. Call ahead to reserve your dough and make reservations

2. Drive there on time, allowing 5 extra min to park

3. Order the red pizza with pepperoni as well as the margherita!

4. Food coma.
Went here for the first this past weekend.  Not impressed AT ALL,    first off   we had ordered 3 Pizzas,   sit down at 6:30  and maybe close 7:30 a waitress comes by and says   something happened to one of the pizzas,  sorry we are working on it.  ok  so in half hour  they could not bring out one of the others we ordered.  Did they try and make good for it,  take one pizza off the bill NOPE  NOTHING!!   Pizza was close to burnt,  I understand thin crust,  not a big fan But I  understand it however  they rushed out the pizzas at this point which is now 7:30 by the time we saw one slice it was WAY over done.  I have had better pizza in school cafeterias. Sorry  everybody, I dont see the big fuss about this place is.  Im in NE philly,  I will stick to good old ALDOS!!!!
Without a doubt the best pizza I have ever had! My fiancé and I went on a Sunday and ordered a whole plain and a white half with prosciutto/spinach. I ate 6 slices he ate 10... yep. 

Side note we called on a Wednesday to reserve 2 pies for Sunday- no issues and the woman who answered the phone was so nice as was our server. 

It takes a while to get your pizza because it's made to order but it's BYO so sip your wine or beer, relax and get ready to have the best pizza ever.

Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
My boyfriend had been talking up this place for months. I was worried that my expectations were going to be way too high by the way he was talking about this place. He finally decided to take me here and I was pleasantly surprised. My only advice would be to bring a snack or eat right before because you're going to wait a long time. 

You have to call to make a reservation at least a few days in advance because they only make a certain amount of dough a day. I believe they only have 1 or 2 ovens so it takes about 45mins to an hour for your pizza to come out but it's well worth it. You can't go wrong with any of the pies, but the white spinach & tomato was the best

The ambiance is pretty nice - looks like a little hole in the wall. It's BYOB so bring bring you own alcohol & enjoy the pizza!
This is the best pizza place in Philadelphia.  My rating is a reflection of their food and not the huge inconveniences required to eat there.

These inconveniences are: They do not offer delivery.  They only accept cash.  You must call ahead in the morning to reserve your pizza(which you will commonly forget to do).  They are only open for dinner.  They are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays.

Apart from this, their sauce will hit you in the face like a hammer made of sweet tomatoes.  Their cheese, delicately done, will compliment a perfectly crunchy crust.
Exhausted from painting and moving things all day, my family and I stumbled into Tacconelli's, wine in tow, at 8:00pm on a Saturday night (thankfully we knew  to reserve our dough balls ahead).

Walking in, this looks like Any Mom and Pop Pizzeria, America. Lovingly decorated and brightly lit, Tacconelli's ushers you in with a welcoming scent of garlic.

Now, onto our pizzas. Holy on the thin crusted amazingness. 

The spinach and fresh tomato pizza was perfection coated in garlicky goodness.

The margarita pizza was exactly what a margarita pizza should be. Lots of sauce, topped with fresh mozzarella and basil. Milder than the first, it's flavors married perfectly together in each delicious bite.

The last pizza to come out of the oven was the sausage and pepperoni. Now, while I didn't try this combination (my pescetarian ways wouldn't allow for it), my mouth was still watering at the sight of the thing. Piled high with spicy pepperoni and Italian sausage, I can only assume it was as amazing (if not more so) as the first two judging by the speed of consumption. 

If you're in the Philadelphia area you HAVE TO go to Tacconelli's for pizza... and, while you're waiting for your pie to come out (the prep and cooking time takes a few minutes - can't cook it raw!) remember that patience is a virtue an in the end you will be rewarded handsomely for it.
I still have pizza dreams about the pie I ate here a while back. But if you had told me I'd be all nostalgic as I was driving through the area, trying to find my way to this joint, I probably would have punched you in the nose. Let's just say you should be aware if you follow Google Maps from my house to Tacconelli's. Moving on...

The restaurant itself is in a fine neighborhood, though, and looks like an old school, mom & pop establishment. We went with a large group, so I didn't have to be the one to reserve the dough, but I was excited and a little confused as to how a business could operate that way. They seem to be doing just great, though, so don't mind me - it was absolutely packed on the Saturday night we dined there. The pies themselves were good, the service was ok and the energy in the place was high. I like to try as many places as I can, so I'm glad I came here, but I'm not going to go out of my way to make this a regular stop for my fairly frequent pizza cravings.
(to the tune of "Paris" by The Chainsmokers)

We were up in Port Richmond
Kinda feeling an itch for 
Some pizza, now
If you've got beer and wine somehow
BYOB for dinner WOW

Reserving the dough takes
a little forethought and some planning, yes
But you get what you're paying for
And those crispy pies will please a crowd, for sure.

If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu

Yeah that crust is so crunchy
And the menu's so tiny
But you'll be glad
They only do one thing, so don't get mad
These piping hot pizzas are not a fad

Gotta reserve dough
Pie's take an hour so enjoy your wine
Make a salad, and pass the time
Because that pizza: it's so, so fine.

If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu

Old school. They do ONE thing: pizza. Two toppings max. Reserve dough in advance. It takes a while, though, after you order. If you're hungry, bring some snacks! The pies come out as they're ready.  You won't be disappointed.

Unless you want soda, Following the soda tax, they'll shame you for ordering it, so just... BYO-something else.
Tacconelli's is an experience, to say the least.  Here's my top ten list of things you need to know before going:

1)  Most of the time you need to make reservations
2)  If you try to visit without a reservation, you may not get to eat.  See #3
3)  When you make your reservation, you have to order your dough.  They only make so much dough per day, so once it's reserved, that is it!  So make sure you know how much pizza you need when you call.  They recommend 2 people per pizza.
4)  It's BYOB... stop on the way and get a sixpack or a bottle of vino, if you're fancy like that
5)  They don't have wine glasses- just plastic cups.  If that will bother you, make it a BYOG (bring your own glasses) night as well.
6)  Upon arrival, they won't seat you unless your entire party is there.  Wait outside for slowpokes
7)  When you sit down, it takes about an hour to get your pizza from the time you order
8)  They do not offer appetizers/salads/bread.  But they will not give you a problem if you BYO appetizers/salads/bread.  I recommend doing so.
9)  Pizza is very delicious with some of the freshest ingredients in town.
10)  When you get the bill, you may have a small heart attack.  Some of the most expensive pizza I've ever seen.  Rivals some of the prices I've seen in Center City, for sure.

Overall, the pizza was pretty good.  One of the better pizzas I've eaten in Philly.  However, for me, it just wasn't worth the hype.
With out a doubt. .. the best pizza on the planet! 

I've been coming here since 1977.  It remains exactly the same.  Thin, crispy, perfect blend of cheese and sauce. 

They remain consistent! 

HOWEVER. .. YOU CAN NOT JUST COME IN OF THE STREET.   YOU MUST RESERVE YOUR DOUGH. .. AHEAD OF TIME. 

Worth every penny and every minute!
I am basing this review partly on my memory of the worlds best pizza that I praised continuously to everyone I met for decades.  Also on my kids honest review based on what they have experienced in their many amazing and some not so amazing pizza pies.  We have taken them to get pizza in NJ, NY, Boston, and even a few decent places in Virginia over their 18-20 years. 

My wife and I had the luxury of enjoying the pizza at Taconnellis in the 80's.  I was up visiting my folks this week and thought it would be great to take my wife and daughter for the treat of a lifetime on our way home.  My disappointment started at the first of the two pizzas that we ordered which was the Margherita.  I was really trying to get past what I initially was thinking was a botched pizza.  The second was a regular pizza (same cracker thin burnt crust) with peppers and sausage.  The only saving grace on that one was the sausage.  It's sad to think the worlds best pizza has to be saved with the quality of the sausage.   I won't go into the memory I have of what this place had been but suffice it to say I will safely guard that memory and very quickly dismiss this current experience.  Ketchup on a saltine is not what I think of when I want to go for pizza.  My daughter was trying to be polite but eventually said that she thought the place I'd always taken our kids (Vince's Pizzeria on Grant and the boulevard) was much better.  I brought the rest of the second pie home where my other daughter had been anticipating this great pizza.  I gave her no reason not to enjoy the experience hoping for an honest review.  Needless to say she was more than disappointed.  "What is this [sic] you feed me here dad".   For those of you who are wondering what it was like in the old days you will need to read about it in books.  This place had legendary pizza.  Those days are gone.  If you decide to try Vince's you will know after you walk in and the amazing aromas start to get you going that your are stepping back in time to one of the true survivors of the great Philly pizza joints.  Sorry taconnellis, I hope you find your way back to your roots.
Surprised and happy, Tacconelli's has a section in the Sugar House Marketplace Food Court. Thin crust our favorite, reasonable price for pizza and beers. Pizza is made per order and name called out. Short wait is well worth it. We would come back to Sugar House just for Tacconelli's, which is a neighborhood favorite.
Finally...after years of hearing about this famed pizza I have had my first taste!

You have to call in ahead of time to reserve your dough. So I called in at 10:15am on a Friday and it was busy...continued to call for about a half hour and finally got to place my order for 6pm take-out: 2 regular pies.

I seriously was excited all day about this...yeah I'm a dork and really really really love pizza. 

We arrived at Tacconelli's at 6pm and end up waiting almost a half hour for the pies. Ehh...kinda was annoyed at that but hey I really want this pizza. When we get home, I open the box and spy the pie with lots of sauce and a few smatterings of cheese--hmm. I take my first bite and wow is the sauce AMAZING, such great flavors of garlic and FRESH tomato (now I know why the cheese isn't really needed). The crust was extremely thin but tasty; I ate 4 pieces easily. I don't know if I'd say it's the best I've ever had but it was pretty damn good.

Only thing is it's a bit expensive and you really need at least 1 pie for 2 people since it isn't very heavy or filling.

Next time I am dining in to get the whole Tacconelli's experience!
Delicious pizza but the wait is unbelievable.  The last three times I have gone it has taken between 45 minutes and an hour to get my pizzas, and there is no rhyme of reason to who gets pizza when.  I wouldn't mind as much if it wasn't so expensive!
Great pizza, not in center city, but north of it, it is a hike, but well worth the flavor, very hot and very crowded, once you get inside, but delicious!
4.545 stars, which is really just as pretentious as Tacconelli's pizza.

Tacconelli's has reason to be presumptuous - this really is the best "real" pizza in Philly. And they let you know it. The wait time is extraordinary - and fear not, you'll probably be ignored until you're seated. (But then lavish attention is poured upon you and like magic, stoic glares turn into warm smiles from the wait-staff. It's truly giggle-worthy.) 

Their white pizza is done right: fresh cracked pepper over a glistening bed of melted white cheese, which rests on a solid crispy thin crust foundation. The blend of sharp, slightly salty, cheese, pepper and garlic will make your mouth happy more than Twizzlers.

The Margherita is delicious: THE TOMATO SAUCE IS AMAZING. It's slightly sweet, slightly tangy and the perfect texture. What's truly impressive is that the crust is able to hold all of that sauce and mozz without collapsing, so you needn't worry about ending up with a congealed glob of topping in your lap.
Happy New Year!  

I came here with my friends for NYE dinner and we were lucky to get a table.  Its a one man show so you have to book the # of pies in advance.  That's because the oven can fit only 6 pizzas at a time.  This is a casual sitting, BYOB and you can even bring your own salad (I'm def doing that next time).  You are there for the homemade authentic Italian pizza, again made by one man, so patience is required.

The 5 of us shared 4 pies and we polished them!  My fave was the one with spinach and tomato.  Thin crust as is expected from authentic Ital pizza.  It was just awesome!  Great service and you can go in the kitchen area to watch the show too.

Perk:  There's a small parking lot one block away for patrons.  You will have a great time!
I grew up on Tacconelli's and in my time on this little planet I can say without any hesitation, it's still the best pizza I've ever had. 

Every time I'm in Philly I make a habit of going. Order your pie early and don't be a sucker, it's all about the spinach pie here. The sauce is their secret and their pies are a gift from Heaven. If you think there is a pizza out there better than this please let me know, so I can suggest a good shrink for you.

No place in New York comes close. Not Lombardi, Di Fari, L&B, Joe's or Grimaldi. I had them all and they're not touching Tacconelli's. I say this with the utmost confident. I respect food and I stand by my word.
Tacconelli's is definitely an experience unlike any other. 

All week, I'd been dying for some Tacconelli's pizza. I'd been there several times before, but recently realized it had been over a year since my last visit. I'd planned to go on Saturday with Hubby and some friends who had never been there before. I woke up at 9AM to call and reserve my dough, and I was too late. They were already out of dough. Determined, I woke up even earlier on Sunday and scored 4 pies for that evening.

I let my friends know how it works- cash only, be prepared to wait, bring beer, and most importantly- this is not the kind of pizza you want to get a lot of toppings on.

We got there promptly at 7:30PM for our reservation and were seated almost immediately. The booths are small, and thankfully there is a place to hang your coats so it doesn't feel as cramped. Our waitress greeted us very quickly and reiterated my point that the best pizzas are the margherita and the white with spinach & tomatoes. Believe me! LESS IS MORE! So we ordered 2 of each and began our wait. It was definitely a good hour before our pizzas started coming out, but we kept ourselves occupied with beer and conversation and weren't bothered by the wait.

One thing that I like, and others may not, is that the pizzas don't all come out at once. They bring your pizzas out as they are ready. I like this because you get to enjoy each pizza while it's piping hot and perfect, instead of them all sitting on the table getting cold while you eat 2 slices. The crusts are nice and thin, crispy and with plenty of fresh, brick-oven flavor.

Margherita: The sauce is perfect- not too sweet, not too salty. The perfect balance of sauce and cheese with some fresh basil on top. Classic.

White: Delicious either plain or with spinach and tomatoes. Just the right amount of garlic and seasonings. The cheese is just enough. It's not melting all over your plate and making a mess, but it's not sparse either. 

They have other toppings, though I wouldn't really recommend them. The only other topping I've had here is mushrooms, and I'm pretty sure they were from a can. Not worth it, and they just weigh down your pizza anyway. 

Stick with the classics and you won't go wrong. Plan ahead- call early, be on time for your reservation, bring beer, wine or even salad to occupy yourself during the wait, and be prepared to take your time and enjoy yourself. Also, stop for cash beforehand. They do have an ATM, but I saw it go down about three times during this visit. Nobody wants to get caught in that mess.
With reservations (mandatory at both stops, one to reserve the dough and the other for a seat) made by my companion for 6 and 8 I arrived early - as always - and Mr. cheesemonger welcomed me as though we'd known each other for ages.  Chatting about food, life, medicine, travel, and any number of other topics time passed quickly and we made our way to the car for the short drive to Somerset Street  - home of what many call one of America's 10 best Pizzas.

Arriving moments before our reservation time I was honestly surprised at the unassuming nature of the location - small, homey, wooden booths, false hardwood floors, paper plates, Styrofoam cups - what wasn't surprising was the warm welcome...Tacconelli's is a place where everyone is treated like a regular and all the regulars are treated like best friends.  A one man, one oven operation utilizing recipes and an oven dating back to World War II Tacconelli's keeps it simple - patrons must call in advance to reserve dough and that dough is utilized to make one size of pizza with a limited number of toppings.  Payment is cash only, hours are ~4pm to ~9pm 5 days a week, and alcohol is BYO.  1/2 and 1/2 pizzas are allowed - mix n' match as you like.  Seated we were poured water and given menus - the cheesemonger knew what he wanted on his half and after a moment I knew what I wanted on mine.

Seated and chatting time went quickly - but even so it was hard not to be jealous of each and every sublime looking pie coming from the kitchen...Tacconelli's should sell tickets just to smell the tomato and garlic laden air.  Approximately 40 minutes after entering Tacconelli's our pie would arrive - one half "White" with salt, black pepper, cheese, garlic, whole tomatoes, and spinach and the other a "Regular" pie with cheese, sauce, and prosciutto.  Featuring a cracker crunchy semolina base with just a bit of char the crust was flawless - not bubbly or chewy, but not "too hard" either - just flawless.  The cheesemonger made an interesting analogy I'll not repeat, but it will stick in my mind on how to judge a crust from here on out.

Folding a piece and taking a bite I was wowed by the sweetness of the sauce and the mild saltiness of the pork - neither were overwhelming, both shined as though they were born to go together.  Devouring a second piece I managed to burn the roof of my mouth - a small price to pay.  Graciously offering up a slice (and then a second) of the other half I have to admit that as good as the sauce was and as much as I fancy my ability to order, my companion's experience paid off - the "white" pie was even better than mine.  Amply garlic laden but tempered elegantly by the fresh tomatoes and creamy mozzarella the fusion of ingredients was simplicity at its best - a magnificent pie that undoubtedly constitutes the best non-designer pizza I've ever tasted.

Settling the modest tab (after learning the rules of liar's poker) and being bid farewell by our server I felt like I was just hitting stride for a night full of fantastic dining.  Rustic and low key Tacconelli's is one of those hidden gems that a tourist without a car could never get to - a loss for them, but good news for the locals - keep it a secret, else face the issues now surrounding Great Lake in Chicago.
Yes, eating here is an ordeal. If you're a newcomer to the Philly pizza game (like I was a couple years ago), you learn that many of them have gimmicks of sorts. This place requires you to reserve your dough ahead of time (telling them exactly how many pizzas you want), and you have to actually talk to them on the phone to do this. Don't try calling on Mondays or Tuesdays because they're closed, and don't leave a message because they won't listen to it. 

I dined here for the second time this weekend and planned a surprise birthday party here. They were very accommodating for our party of 13 and had the table set up and ready for us 30 minutes before the reservation. They wouldn't allow tape on the walls (and you will get yelled at like you would at your grandma's house if you try), but they allowed me to hang a birthday banner from the corners of their already-hung artwork. We brought tons of wine and beer (it's a BYO, but don't bring any hard alcohol) and they allowed me to keep the cake I brought in the fridge, as well as provided a knife for cutting. Yay for all those things!

The pizza is honestly not the best I've ever had, but I still love this place. You don't get a huge choice of toppings, and the mushrooms are canned (my biggest complaint). They also only give you paper plates, silverware, and cups. It's sort of hilarious and really adorable. They have obviously filled a niche in the pizza business for years in Philadelphia and still get great business by enforcing the rules they want to with literally no frills. The service isn't stereotypically friendly, but nothing is fake. They tell you how it is, you eat your yummy pizza, and you go home happy. The end.
if you go there call ahead of time once the dough is reserved for customers there is no more i called about 2weeks ago to reserve dough i was told it was all sold out. dont call it a pizza when you order one call it a tomato pie if you call it a pizza they will hang up on you.
This place's pizza was all it had been hyped up to me.  It's always crazy busy, and you have to reserve spots and how many pies you want, but it's worth it.  Their pies are thin and extremely flavourful - their margherita is amazing. It takes extremely long for them to make them for you, which is kind of annoying, but if you have some wine (it's B.Y.O.B.) it will pass the time.  

So, service - 2 stars, Pizza - 4 stars
I thought I would try hearing of all the great reviews, I just don't understand what the hype is about cracker thin burnt crust is not what I want to pay 12 dollars for they are making a big profit off their customers that is for sure the pizza most likely cost 2 dollars to make but people are will to pay?? I don't understand I love a pizza with lots of cheese and I also like a pizza that is not burnt. Never ever again waste of time and money that is for sure.
I have been eating here since I was a little kid and now bring my entire family here.  The best pizza in the world.  You need to call ahead and order your dough but the pizza is amazing.  My 6 year old son love it here as well.  Highly recommend it. Family owned and operate forever.
Last year my gf was bugging me to go to this place cause she read about it somewhere.  So, I made the reservation ahead of time and we went.  The place was really busy with many people including a large party in the back of the restaurant.  We ordered a margherita pie.  The pie was good.  It was tasty and had a nice thin crust.  The reason I'm not raving about it is because it did not live up to the hype.  I enjoyed it, but will probably not go out of my way to come here again.
I had high expectations for Tacconelli's given that you have to reserve your dough in advance. The menu is really limited. There's no appetizers or desserts, it's only pizza. They had one special which was white with spinach, Margherita and plain with toppings of your choice. 

I ordered one pie that was half Margherita and half the special. The pie itself was huge but it's very thin. It's enough for 2 people but it won't fill you up. It was definitely tasty but not 5 star worthy. I've tried better pizzas in the Philly area. I also thought the special pizza had too much spinach and garlic on it. 

Besides the pizza, the service was good. The interior is cozy and a step up from your typical pizzeria. It's still casual but the dining area makes it feel like an actual sit down restaurant. They give paper plates and plastic cups as the utensils which I'm not a fan of. HUGE waste of paper. They don't serve alcohol but it is BYO and it's cash only. 

Their located in the Port Richmond section of Philly. There's a small parking section for customers down the street which was helpful considering that I was unfamiliar with the area. 

Overall, the pizza wasn't good enough where I would want to go back. There's also nothing to do near Tacconelli's so save yourself the trip and go somewhere else.
Probably my favorite thin pizza in the city, maybe anywhere. I have been going to Tacconelli's since I was really young and it never disappoints. Sometimes there is a wait even when you have your time reserved but it is always well worth the wait. I am a big fan of their white and cheese. I don't usually get any toppings but when I do they are pretty good.

If you haven't been and you don't know you need to call ahead and order your dough. However, a good trick is to call if you are planning a last minute trip and ask if anyone cancelled a dough.
It's good, but it's also a bit inconvenient to have to order a pizza at 9am. It's very thin you would do well to not do more than maybe 2 toppings other wise it will fall apart on the way to your mouth. When you stop in be sure to meander to the back so you can catch a glimpse of the giant brick oven!
No nonsense pizza and drinks. What you need to understand is that Tacconelli's has perfected pizza. There's no need for a huge menu, a full bar, or crazy toppings. This is pizza done right. Simplicity, focused on quality ingredients and cooked to perfection. Thin, crispy, and as expected each piece holds stiff when picked up. No floppy greasy mess. This is what makes a six hour drive to Philly worth it.
Horrible service, rude rude RUDE waitstaff. Waited AN HOUR to get our pizza and we were told we could cancel and leave. So we did. Despite the fact that we called in advance (as instructed) it took forever and we were told there was only one guy working the oven. Wtf?? Parking is also horrible and even if we had got our pies I hear they're overpriced and expensive. Won't be going back!!
Oh yeah, also they will wait a certain amount of time before bringing out the first pizza.  This amount of time varies depending on the night but can be easily defined by the following rule:

"Your first Tacconelli's pizza will be brought out at the exact moment in which you truly lose hope that your pizza will come out."

But seriously, it is the best pizza ever.  If you go with a party of 4, order 3 pies: 1 Margherita, 1 Peppers and onions, and one white pie with no other toppings.  This is the pizza trifecta and if you don't like it then you are wrong.
The late Pizzeria Beddia is still my gold standard for pizza but I was thoroughly impressed by this old school Port Richmond institution. 

I reserved dough on Sunday for a Wednesday night without any issue. The storefront itself is unassuming and when you step inside you feel like you're in a traditional New York pizza joint: wood paneling, stained glass light fixtures and dated but well-kept 4-person booths. The Godfather theme music and Sinatra playing in the background appropriately accentuated the ambiance.

We decided to order a half and half white/red pie. We wanted to add hot sausage to the side with red sauce but our server explained that it would not cook evenly. Alas, we did half white with tomatoes and spinach and half cheese. The cheese pizza here was good but personally I'm not a huge fan of sweet tomato sauces. I think it could have used more cheese to add some saltiness to balance out the sauce. Personally, the speciality white pizza stole the show. I think next time I come I would just do a whole pie of just that. The spinach and crushed tomatoes add a fresh and vibrant element to the pizza. It was salty, cheesy and garlicky... just perfect. Our pie ended up costing $18 after tax and was easily enough to fill two people.

I think the best part of the pizza here is the crust: it is super thin and crispy and has a great char to it. If you try to fold it, it will basically crack in the middle.  I think if you're going to do a regular cheese pie with toppings, it might be worth asking for extra cheese (unless you really enjoy sweet sauce). I know I will definitely be back to get more of their specialty white pie. If you're a pizza snob like me, you have to stop by Tacconelli's for some textbook thin crust done right.
Let me preface my review by telling you that I had been attempting to reach Tacconelli's by phone for months before I spoke to an actual person.  When she picked up I was so surprised that I hardly knew what I was supposed to ask.  After I regained my composure, I reserved a pie for 4PM that day (it was about 2PM at the time).

I arrived there about 10 minutes early but did not receive my pizza until close to 4:20.  By the time I finished walking the entire block home I noticed the pie was already cold and hard to pry from the box.  The style is definitely old school and if I try it again it will definitely be in-house with a considerable of alcoholic beverages to take advantage of the BYO.  Overall, I wouldn't go as far as to say that it was terrible, but for a pizzeria that holds a legendary status in this neighborhood, I was sorely disappointed.
If you are heading to Tacconelli's - you are only going for 1 thing - PIZZA! Seriously though, they aren't pushing out anything but.

Really unique style of pizza...thin crust, sweet sauce, generous cheese, reasonable price - what more could you ask for?

This is a cash only joint, and when eating in person, BYO. 

Staple in Port Richmond neighborhood, and a must try if you live anywhere in the city. Lots of history to the restaurant, service is great, and they really care about the community.
Based on the unnecessary but not entirely un-charming ritual of reserving your dough, I had higher expectations.

Decent, though not exceptional, thin crust pizza. Nice and garlicky with generous toppings, but made me feel really crappy pretty much immediately afterward.

Lousy service, including used paper plates in the stack the server gave us - ew.

The pizza is about $5 more expensive than I feel the quality, lack of atmosphere, and service would indicate. I'm disappointed to say this pizzeria won't be worth a return trip.
How have I not yet reviewed Tacconelli's?!  This is hands down my favorite pizza ever. And, gentle reader, that is not a statement I make lightly. If you enjoy thin crust brick oven variety pizza then you too will fall in love. 
Mind you, Tacconelli's is the equivalent of the Port Richmond soup nazi. But it is worth the hoop-jumping and brow-beating you surely endure. I would be skeptical of any pizza place that made you're serve your dough also, but after tasting this delicious pizza I will pretty much do whatever they tell me to do.
I just went to eat pizza here. I ordered a margarita pizza. I waited almost 40min to get my pizza, the restaurant wasn't that full at the time.
The cost for the pizza was $19. I've experienced better pizza and for lower price than this. In my opinion would not go back again. The pizza was burned around the edges and lots of tomato sauce, almost no mozarella, and little slices of basil.
Highly overrated. I like my pizza cooked; however, I don't like my pizza burnt either. It's rediculous that you have to order your dough a few hours or few days in advance. I would rather order from Pizza Hut or one of the other local pizza shops then ever give these people my business. This place is like the Pats and Genos of pizza. If you're from philly, you know that pats and Genos are tourist spots. They both aren't good at all when it comes to cheesesteaks and when it comes to pizza, this place isn't all it's made out to be as well. I don't get the hype and never will. I hear good things about the one in Maple Shade NJ though, but never been there.
BEST pizza in Philadelphia! Super thin crust! It's the type of pizza that when you pick up a slice, it's stiff as a board. It was perfect! Just remember to order your dough ahead of time. It's cash only and it's BYOB. I'd recommend the White Pie with Whole Tomatoes and Spinach. The Regular Pie is de-li-cious! I wouldn't order more than two toppings!
Totally worth the big blistery burn on the roof of my mouth from eating the scorching hot pizza. Totally worth calling way in advance, trekking out to the neighborhood, and walking through some unpaved road for.

I had the white pie with spinach and tomatoes. Deliciously seasoned, with a generous garlic flavor. The tomatoes were juicy, and the spinach so good with the pie.

I also had a red pie with extra cheese, sausage, and onions. This was probably my favorite. The onions were delicious, the cheese stringy as it melted. 

The crust is super thin, crispy around the pizza and deliciously tender underneath. Perfection. Also, when was the last time you've had a pitcher of soda? That's pretty awesome in my book. 

Just make sure you call ahead and reserve your dough.
OH MY GOD! this is the best pizza i have ever had in my entire life.  you seirously have to make reservations cas it is that good.  if you live in philly definately go here for an amazing experience for your tastebuds.
Delicious. Unfortunately we did not eat it right after we got it.....but it was pretty friggin good. Just the right amount of garlic and sauce....mmm....and the dough. Right on target. You have to call early (they are not open on mon & tues) and you must reserve your dough (pre ordering your pie) and give them a time after 430 to either dine in or carry out. Crazy enough, its worth it. We ordered a large half pepporoni, half cheese........next time were trying the oh so famous white pizza. FYI they have a 1900's brick oven that takes up a whole wall in the kitchen.......and thats part of the magic!!!!
Before I moved from Detroit to Philadelphia, I had heard of the mythical Tacconelli's pie. My boyfriend's family has been going here religiously for a really long time and it's obvious why - IT'S THE BEST.

I think he said it best - there's all other pizza and there's Tacconelli's. 

All they serve is pizza, pitchers of water, iced tea, and soda in paper cups. They only have paper plates. They only take cash. Their special is white with spinach & tomato. In my opinion, that and the plain red pie are the best, but they also have various toppings to suit your fancy.

If you don't like it it's because you're an amateur (can't take the wait, didn't call ahead and reserve your dough, couldn't find it, etc.) or because you're like a five year old and would rather eat that doughy, chewy, floppy garbage. Their pizza is the best. That's all I really wanted to say. "THE BEST, JERRY. THE BEST."
One of my best friends and complete pizza addict mentioned that he had never been to Tacconelli's. Although I had never been either, I was shocked and thought that he, of all people, should visit this infamous place. After multiple calls (3) I finally got through to a person (their answering machine asks one to not leave a message and apparently they were on vacation), and was able to pre-order my dough. 

After walking in, you can see immediately that this was a cutesy, classic neighborhood pizza joint. Although it was 8:45pm and we had made reservations, the place was packed and we had to wait a good few minutes before a table opened up. I visited the restroom and realized that it was tiny and tight (but thank goodness clean). Anyone who is not a size 4 or below would probably be more comfortable not squeezing the this restroom. 

The pizza, when it came, was a thin crust pizza. We had ordered a regular pizza with spinach, sausage and half pepperoni and half mushroom. The pizza was fairly delicious. The toppings were incredible, fresh and delicious. The tomato sauce was a great flavor, not too acidic. If one likes a thin crust, the crust was very good and crispy. It was like air, even though I was not that hungry, I easily downed 3 slices and seriously thought about the 4th one. 

Now for the negatives. There was not enough cheese for my taste. And the weirdest one is that the pizza leaves a dry, papery feeling in your mouth after you eat. This is especially on the roof of your mouth and your tongue. Very bizarre and a little worrying. For me, this took a star away, frankly, I should probably take 2. This pizza overall is a bit overrated in my personal opinion, and definitely too expensive ($22 for one pizze 3 toppings). 

On the plus side our waitress was very nice and sweet. All the waitresses seemed like they were this way too!
ok, so i finally got to try this place, after a failed attempt at ordering dough ahead of time. dont think u can walk right in here folks, they will prob laugh in ur face. 

im sorry, because all of my friends think this is like the best pizza ever...but i just dont like the thin crust thing goin on!!! for one, u cant fold it. i love to fold my pizza. it just cracks and breaks. secondly, when u get the the end of your slice, theres no joy in eating a flat hard edge.
plus, the waitress was weird. she acted like i was annoying her when i ordered more water. i asked others who also got a weird vibe. we had a big party here and were spending a ton of money and so were told we could be there as long as we wanted. but it seemed they only wanted us there as long as we were eating. after we finished no one ever cleared our plates or came over to us at all. not very welcoming.
When I asked for food recommendations, Michael recommended Tacconelli's, a family-owned, cash-only, and bring-your-own-beer pizzeria most known for their tomato pies. 

If you plan to dine here, call ahead to reserve your dough. When we reserved our dough, we were unaware that each 16-inch pie can feed about two people. 

Tacconelli's has four types of pies: (1) Tomato Pie, which consists of no cheese and a lot of red sauce, (2) Regular Pie, which consists of a nice balance of cheese and red sauce, (3) White Pie, which consisted of salt, black pepper, cheese, and plenty of garlic, and (4) Margherita Pie, which consisted of fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, and a lot of red sauce. 

As for the toppings, they recommend up to two toppings but you could two different toppings for each side of the pizza to accommodate the preferences of other guests in your party. 

For toppings, you can pick from the following: spinach, whole tomatoes, mushrooms, pepperoni, sausage, sweet peppers, anchovies, onions, prosciutto, basil, and extra cheese.

We ordered three pies: (1) Regular Pie with Pepperoni, Onions, and Mushrooms, (2) White Pie with Spinach and Sausage, and (3) Margherita Pie. Somehow, among the four of us, we managed to eat 24 slices of pizza.
Very good pizza in a cool, old school phlly neighborhood. A friend of mine had told me to check it out, so we did. You have to cal ahead and reserve your dough as they only make enough for what's reserved for the day. it's also BYO, which is cool. The pizza was good, super thin and crispy. solid 3.5 stars. The wait time was crazy, but it was on a Friday so not a huge deal. I will say the pizza did take a very long time to come out, but we weren't in a rush. All in all, great pizza and definitely worth a try.
After all the hype that I have experienced over this place, I DON'T GET IT!!!  I went there for the first time last  night and the level of disappointment, considering I am from NY originally, a Chef, ITALIAN and have been searching for pizza...REAL PIZZA in Philadelphia(?) which is a joke considering there is whole population of Italians in "South Philly"...REALLY????  I was NOT IMPRESSED and actually pretty disgusted.  The pizza was not even close to what I would consider to be a pizza and to see what we paid for two pies...ONE WITH ANCHOVIES AND NOT EVEN FRESH GARLIC and another just Margherita ????  

I am so tired of how restaurants can cut corners and keep upping their prices. I am a Chef and I am getting to the point that the ONLY good food is my food I can make at home TO INCLUDE my pizza made with homemade dough, my sauce and whatever I want to use to INCLUDE FRESH GARLIC.  I am Italian and love to go and try new things and places...but this really is getting old with all these supposed "icons" which need to take a good hard look at their heritage and reputation.

The other problem is that most people wouldn't know real and good food if they fell over it so I guess that is what keeps places going. I guess if you have never eaten real pizza or had real garlic on your pie or anything else for that matter....what do I expect?????
LOVE this place. I do my best to go to Tacconelli each time i visit Philly, even if it means having to have one extra meal...

Nice people. Pizza to love.
A Philadelphia institution, Tacconelli's is worth the hassle of reserving your dough! They start taking phone calls at 10:30 am on Wednesdays, and if you're looking for a prime spot for the weekend, I advise calling early to ensure you get a coveted pie! For a Friday reservation, when I called at 12:30 pm, just two hours after opening, the only times left to sit down were 4:30 and 5. A friend and I split 1 pie - regular with pepperoni and onions (a very good pie, as we were told by our waitress), and it was the perfect amount of food for two people. It was truly delicious! Their tomato sauce is sweeter than I am used to, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. Pro tip: our waitress says that the pies cook faster earlier in the night, so your wait time is less, but also certain toppings, like sausage, aren't available at that time because they won't cook in time. So, bring a bottle of wine (it's BYOB), and make your way to Port Richmond because it's well worth it!
Went to sugar house casino to loose some moneyWell that was a success.  We lost what we brought.  We went to Tacconelli's in the casino but there was a 40 minute wait.  
Decided to go to the original Tacconelli's in the city. Generally you need a reservation.   
Boy we're we happy. Forgot to make a reservation but the waitress was so nice she sat us down.  
We ordered a margarita pizza very crispy.  The waitress was very prompt in bringing our drinks.  It really didn't take very long for our pizza.  We've been to many pizza restaurants.  But WOW this was definitely the best margarita pizza.  Very thin, fresh. snd crispy.   
If you want the real thing go to Tacconelli's.   You won't be disappointed.
It had been awhile since I had been to Tacconelli's and each time this happens I'm surprised how good it is. I don't think i've ever had better pizza. We wore masks until we were seated with regard for social distancing. The servers' were great, and the dinning area was immaculately clean.
Went on a Friday night, had reservations. Wasn't especially crowded. We're seated and the waitress takes our order. We order 5 pies in total, one being a white-half pepperoni and half sausage. The waitress says, "you don't want that, it'll be too greasy". We tell her it's fine, we've had it before and we like it that way. She goes on to say "well, the kitchen won't like it"...At this point I wasn't sure if I wanted to laugh or tell her off. I tell her that since I'm paying, they will make it the way I like. 
She brings as two pitchers of soda as requested and tells us they're going to be expensive because of the soda tax-we expected that we would be paying more but we were shocked that 2 pitchers actually cost $17.00!!! 
Anyway, after 45 minutes I ask If our pies were coming out anytime soon. She tells me they're doing the best they can! We finally get our pies 10 minutes later. 
Last time we go there. From now on, we go to Jersey. I know they are related but not the same, doesn't matter. No wait in Jersey, and they're much more pleasant. At least they act like they appreciate my business where the Fishtown place acts like they're doing the customers a favor by letting them eat there!!! Never again.
There is no where else in Philadelphia and the surrounding area where you can get pizza as good as Tacconelli's. Seriously, this pizza is the best.

I normally go here with a large group of people 8+. This is the best way to do it so you can order tons of different pizza combos. You are limited to only 2 toppings per pizza (to keep the oven operating efficiently). The crust is super thin and the pizza sauce is absolutely delicious. Be prepared  to have garlic breath for hours...but hopefully whoever you're smooching later will be at dinner with you anyways and will have the same problem!

My favorite combos: plain cheese & sauce, sausage & onion, tomato & spinach. If you can handle spicy, and I mean really spicy, order a side of their homemade hot peppers.

Remember to call in and reserve the amount of pizza doughs you want before you get here!

BYOB & Cash Only !
Unlike New york, Philadelphia just simply doesn't have too many really great pizzerias. 

HOWEVER, luckily for all of us PIE LOVERS out there, Tacconelli is an exception. If you're from out of town and looking for a really good authentic, true neapolitan style pizza, this place is THE PLACE to go to!

A few tips:

Highly recommend getting the Margarita with FRESH MOZZARELLA. It was sooooo delicious! Really good thin crust. Perfectly baked in a wood-fired oven. 

If you can, call ahead of time! Their # is (215) 425-4983. Why am I telling you guys to call before you go to a pizza restaurant?!

They run out of dough! :)
I came here for a surprise birthday party.   They are an old-school style pizza shop that requires you to reserve your dough ahead of time.  They were pretty accommodating to our large group and were great about keeping us satisfied while eating and drinking.  The pizzas themselves were average.  The crust was nice, just what you would want in a crust.  The toppings were slightly disappointing, though; for the price you pay per pie, you should be getting fresh ingredients, not canned or frozen.
I'll usually have 3-4 slices during an average pizza meal, but I downed 5-6 slices during a recent visit to Tacconelli's. I'll say it...Tacconelli's has the best pizza in Philly, hands down. As an uber pizza connessiuer, I've had my fair share of New York pizza and Tacconelli's comes closest to that style that I love. Wood-fired oven, olive-oil soaked dough, fresh toppings, and flat crispy crust. The margarita and white pie is amazing!

Final thoughts...
Run, don't walk. Call ahead to reserve as everyone says, BYO, and expect some wait time even after you do get seated. Savor every bite because it will go quickly!
calling to reserve dough? and almost 20 bones for a pie ... in Kennsington? cuz the crust is thin enough my fat ass ate a whole pie by myself ? either way the margherita pizza is pretty tops. near perfect thin crust and a very nice sauce, I personally would take a bit more cheese but let's no quibble. I would stick to the margherita though, the other times I had pie's w/ toppings I have not been too impressed w/ the quality. the mushrooms tasted like they were from a can and the anchovies were pure shit. sausage and pepporoni were acceptable but the real star was the margherita...u sexy, saucy  little bitch !
Best. Pizza. IN PHILLY. Yes, you heard it here first, bruh. Ordered dough weeks in advance and were treated like kings and Queens. Service was incredible and the pizza was out of bounds good. Highly recommend you come here once in your life and then in your after life. I'd like to take a bath in the sauce. 

We snagged 3 pies, but could have done 4. 
-Margarita 
-White spinach with garlic crust 
-Classic pepperoni (least favorite...very greasy) 

Next time we're in Philly this for sure will always be our pizza go to. 9.8/10, Pres.
Excellent old-school pizzeria. Make sure to call ahead to reserve dough and bring cash. We ordered one pie with half white and half red. Originally we planned on getting sausage on the red side, but the server advised against it since the cooking time of the sausage would be longer than the white side and the oven was too hot for it early in the evening (we got there around 5 pm).

The sauce on the red half was amazing, especially if you prefer a sweeter sauce. The white pie was definitely my fave. It was topped with cheese, spinach, and tomatoes and had a wonderful garlicky flavor. The crust was super thin and crisp. Definitely would come back!
Been my favorite pizza for 25 years, and nothing has changed. The pizza is as good as ever, and it's still the best of Philly. Get one red and one special white pie when you're there.
This is the most amazing pizza. Great flavors, cooked to perfection. You have to try this place. The entire staff is polite, friendly and helpful which makes the experience even better. A must try!!!! You MUST make reservations a couple of days in advance, which I am fine with and after eating this pizza, I understand why. You have to try the white pizza with tomato, spinach and garlic.
This is my favorite pizza to date. 

I love thin and crispy crust. I don't like too much cheese and I love my pizza very hot. It is tough to compete with the Pizza at Tacconellis. 

I usually count a pie per person when I go and I finish more than a whole pie myself and I am not a huge eater. 

Regular pies with sausage and peppers, white pie with whole tomatoes, Margarita with Prosciutto are some of my favorites. 

Service is OK - depending on the time might be slow - I have waited 45 minutes for a pizza there before but was well worth it. 

Call in the morning to order your pies otherwise you cannot come in. Bring some wine and a big appetite and don't forget to order the roasted long hots.
First of all, this place is solidly in Port Richmond, not Kensington. 

Secondly, be sure to call and reserve your dough in advance. There is an older italian man who only makes so many pies every day, and no more...so if you go and he's made his pies...you are out of luck. 

However, if you reserve this blissful dough, you are in for the best pizza of your life. It is thin crust, brick oven baked, and authentic italian. It's also a BYOB, so you can bring a bottle of wine, and make a night of it. 

This is really though, a family place with a family feel...the drinks are in plastic cups, and they give you paper plates for your pizza. Give them a visit, you will not be sorry...

It's not cheap at around $18 a pie, and you will wait for a bit for your pizza (because it is authentically prepared when you arrive) - so just enjoy the experience. It's been listed everywhere from Wine Enthusiast to GQ magazine as a place to eat at...and it's worth it.
Tacconelli's is the one pizza place to rule them all. Stop complaining about having to order your dough ahead of time; it gives the place character, keeps you from waiting in a majorly long line to get in, & assures you some goddamn greatness. I went with a party of 12, & we ordered six pies; which made four half a pie (four slices) for each of us - one mushroom, one sausage & peppers, two spinach & tomato, two margherita. 

It was a long meal, because the pies take awhile & come out slowly, but it gave us time to chat & catch up & hang out, which is what we wanted. We brought a cooler full of beer & a box of wine & spent the time just having fun being together.

The ambiance at Tacconelli's is weird & disconcerting. It basically HAS to ambiance, with grandma's wallpaper & mismatched artwork & cafeteria-tile floors. The plates are paper, the utensils are plastic, & the water is served in big pitchers to your whole table. But it doesn't matter, because that pizza is FREAKING DELICIOUS. It's just amazing, the best I've ever had - ever. The crust is thin, the cheese is minimal but somehow perfect, the sauce is sweet, the toppings are fresh.

Our whole bill was $120 plus tip. Half a pie & an amazing time for $13? Yes, please. I can't wait to return!
The first time I came here, Ed Rendell was campaigning to be the mayor of Philadelphia. I was in grade school then but I still remember the taste of the pizza like it was yesterday.

Tacconelli's is a classic Philadelphia institution with amazing pizza. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try Tacconelli's at least once.
I had high hopes for Tacconelli's, since I'd heard it was the best pizza in town. We had a group of 7 on a Friday night. Having never been here before, the pre-order seemed strange but we had our dough pre-ordered and a cooler of our own brews ready at hand. 

Here's what I liked: the pizza was tasty enough, with thin-crust and good sauce. Everything's made fresh and comes out piping hot from the oven. The place itself is a real neighborhood place, and the Christmas lights and fernery (in June) was quaint.

Here's what I didn't like: we waited over an hour for our pre-ordered pizzas. So, I'm not actually sure if they actually tasted good, or if I was just incredibly hungry. There's nothing else on the menu, so forget about ordering an appetizer while you wait (although it looks like you could have brought your own apps in with you). The place really packs in the tables, so be prepared to get friendly with your neighbors' elbows at the next table. And the pizzas are super pricey-- 4 pizzas cost us $77. RIDICULOUS.

So, best pizza in Philly? I'm still looking.
