I'm from Chicago, which is basically infested with Mexican food.  When I moved here I was a nonbeliever in the "Mexican Philadelphia Restaurant."  That is, until I found this beautiful place.  I can't tell you one thing wrong with this place, except maybe that they have too many delicious sauces.

Oh do you think they are a little on the expensive side?  

Well let me tell you, my friend, you get what you pay for, and if you aren't going to pay for a little more tasty, you've got yourself a terrible problem.
I am from Texas. I miss true, greasy, yummy, saucy Mexican food. I miss my enchiladas. I miss spicy things. 
But, yesterday, I tried Taco Riendo. I have found my official home away from home. It is not exactly like what I am used to, but it is so close I could cry. I tried the enchiladas at a place that claims to be "tex-mex", but what I got was a dry, cheesy mess with a fried egg on top. After that meal, I had given up on thinking I would find an enchilada that was similar to what I used to eat at least once a week in Austin. 
I have found it, and oh, it is a delight. The enchiladas verde are the only thing I have tried from here. I got them to go, and kind of wish I had stuck around. The place is small and really cute. Oh, back to the food. 
The chicken is juicy, the cheese is nice. But that sauce, so so good. I have always loved me some verde sauce, and theirs is tangy at first, then you get that burn after a few bites. It is fantastic. I highly reccomend Taco Riendo, and will be back very soon.
Taco Riendo is so great and a go to spot for bringing out of town friends.   It is cheap, delicious, adorable, friendly service, and BYOB.  What else could you want, people?  I wouldn't come here for a romantic night unless it's warm out and you can enjoy their lovely patio! Nice lights, plants, etc. 

A wise, taco-knowledgeable friend once told me that you can judge a taco place by their al pastor.  This place passes the test with flying colors.  

Added  bonus:  Went here on a bike tour and got free tequila shots and coronitas.  

As others mentioned, it is cash only. But hey, they have to keep their prices low somehow.  Deal with it.
A lot of negative reviews from entitled gringos.  I don't understand.  Taco Riendo is a Philly treasure and should be treated as such.  

No, there aren't any hot college aged waitresses with sombreros who want to tell you about their restaurant specials, like the "beareetoe granday" and the "stake faheeetah".  No, there aren't any drink specials of jose cuervo.  No, this isn't some GNO joint.  It's a fucking taqueria; and a damn fine one, so it deserves a certain amount of respect.

There are no frills.  It is purely about the food, which is pretty goddamn terrific.  So shut the fuck up about the service, and enjoy some excellent tacos.
I've been sitting on a review of this place for so long I lost my train of thought, which these days doesn't take as long to do as it used to. Wait, what was I talking about? 

Oh yeah, my new favorite Mexican restaurant!
Can we all agree that once you've experienced a California burrito, there's just no other burrito in the world (probably) that compares. There's just no way. Taco Riendo, however, is Philly's honest to goodness attempt at achieving that West Coast standard, and man, they do a pretty bang up job.

After catching the buzz on this spot, I finally made my way over. What I thought was going to be down 'n dirty, ended up being airy, bright, and adorable. My brother mentioned it reminded him of Miami - with guys standing outside, shooting Spanish slang and old men cooks in the open kitchen churning out the arroz con frijoles. 

While El Fuego, Qdoba, and Chipotle uphold the burrito to bicep-sized standards, Taco Riendo laughs, scoffs even, at the unnecessary Big-Mac-load-it-up style. Instead, my burrito de pollito came tightly wrapped in foil and no larger than, say, a turkey wrap. For once, I left feeling delightfully full, rather than overwhelmingly in need of a couch. 

The menu's loaded with options, but my brother convinced me that the platters are the way to go. I'd have to agree -- his chicken mole enchiladas outshone my mighty burrito, precious as it may have been.

I'll definitely be back to enjoy some outdoor seating...especially since you can bring your own alcoholic everything and enjoy!
From now on you may call me the "TACO RIENDO HATER"!

I know... I know.. this place has such GREAT reviews from Elite's and Non-Elites but I just can't help myself! Call me a picky or b*tchy New Yorker but Taco Riendo just really didn't tickle my special spot.

I'm obsessed with Authentic Mexican Food! I've also traveled to Mexico many times to little remote villages and the best taco I've ever had by far was made out of a hut the size of a Port-O-Potty by a guy with 7 fingers.

Being that I just moved here from Brooklyn, my apartment was in a Half Mexican/Hipster neighborhood for 10 years and I had my choice of tons of amazing authentic Mexican restaurants/bars and taco trucks. "Taco Triendo" could not even COMPARE to any of these places (I hate to be the one to say it).

- Tortilla's were just not as fresh or homemade tasting..
- Cilantro was alright but still missing key flavors
- Their meat was FULL of fat.. I felt like I was eating the squishy baby got back tush of a greasy pig
- My hands were dripping with fat and grease by the end of my meal

It was missing that authentic flavor in my opinion... some of their taco's tasted way too sauced or over flavored. They are following some of the traditional rules as far as preparing taco's... but I'm not running back for more.

My hunt for TRUE authentic Mexican Taco's in Philadelphia CONTINUES!

Yea yea.. call me the "Hater Queen". I'm just being Honest Yelp :)
I like a tasty tinga. They have a tasty tinga! Taco Riendo's saucy, smoky shredded chicken is my choice for when I'm hit with a burrito hankerin, which happens quite frequently. 

Let's talk about these burritos, eh? They're hefty enough, but not so much so that you'll have to cancel plans in lieu of a belly-in-the-air coma. Think: a pleasant brick, instead of an unwieldy anvil up in ya guts. You'll be all good for drinking and dancing is what I'm sayin.

Sidenote: Burritos here at the Laughing Taco come stuffed with rice and beans as part of their components, unless you're goin the tinga route. For some reason you'll get that nice fluffy rice, but no beans. This will be noted nowhere on any menu or chalk board. This message comes to you only from my own constant experience. So, if you want ya black beans, ask for em. I do. 

The, "I heart Frijoles," bumper sticker I sport ain't no lie. I also request, "no lettuce," cause hot wet lettuce is not my idea of a good time. Personal preference, friends. 

Now I really need to stop talking about burritos. Ok, I will. Hey, I like their tacos too; especially the porky varieties like al pastor, or the chorizo ones that I actually prefer to a lotta the chorizo choices around town. I usually score one of me husband's chorizo tacos in trade for one of whichever double-wrapped corn tortilla beauts topped with fresh cilantro and onion I have ordered for myself, cause, between you and me, I can kinda hit a wall with chorizo after a taco and a half where I begin to question my decisions in life. Again, personal preferences, right? And fears. Oh yeah, but you know what else I love? Salsas.

On Taco Riendo's sign it is stated, "La salsa hace la diferencia." The sauce makes the difference, is right, Taco Riendo. You said it. I'm one who always asks for lotsa salsa. Always, all the time. 

To my knowledge they have three varieties served on the side, and I'd say get em all and extree. They offer the somewhat basic red with a touch o' dried chile. Then, there's the bright, herby verde. So, you gots your good red and green, but Riendo also has a dark, sweet, smoky chipotle salsa as well, apparently, as after one of my habitual, "lotsa extra salsas," requests with my to-go order, we received a couple of lil containers of that tastiness too. Yay- three varieties are even better than two in my book. Each salsa on their own, I honestly might give em a shrug, however, magical things happen when you shake em on your burritos and tacos and whatever else. Those flavor spikes really do amplify the whole grubbin experience here muy mucho. I likes em. In short, I am a fan. 

I don't know why I just said, "in short." There's been nothing short about my Mexican food ramblings here. But I'll add just a few more smidgens of info anyway:

This cute little place is BYOB, has some outdoor seating, and a rewards card that gets punched with every purchase of burrito or torta. I'm hurtling towards that free burrito at break-neck speeds, amigos.
I come here like once a week. My daughter loves the guacamole so much I have to order an extra one because she won't share. It is a bit expensive considering the portion size but clearly that does not keep me from coming back. I love the torta de milanesa but everything is really tasty and delicious. It's worth the trip to this little place where ever you come from. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. This is one of my regular stops and if you want  quick mexican in a cute place - this is it.
The best Mexican in Philadelphia. Period. I could eat here every night. The portions are perfect, the rice and beans are amazing (none of that refried crap other places try to feed you), and I've never received a greasy entre. I must disagree with those yelpers who claimed this tacqueria is expensive. I don't know where you eat in Philly, but $8.50 for a sizable main course is rather affordable in my book. There are many other "Mexican" restaurants in the city that charge you twice as much for half the quality.

Their ingredients are always fresh and wonderful. Their cheese is to die for - my Mexican friend said it is the same cheese her dad buys. Their mole sauce is amazing. I'm pretty sure I haven't been served authentic mole in Philadelphia before eating here. The horchata is delicious, but I might skip the flan as it was just so-so.

The service is always friendly. Just order at the counter, they'll bring your food to you, and you can pay after you eat. It's great, laid-pack and fun. There is always an interesting mix of people around - from hipsters and yuppies to construction workers.

Oh and it's BYOB so don't forget to mix up your favorite pitcher of Margaritas or pick up a 6-pack before coming for dinner!
I've been passing this place on my way to yoga for a few weeks. I thought it was a little random but then I got great recommendations for it. Last weekend I was able to stop by for lunch after yoga and it definitively lived up to the recommendations.  Food was delicious! Tacos were on point and super filling was excited to see they offer takeout as well.  If you want some really good tacos def hit this place up.
7/21/17 was my first time at this restaurant. I came here with my HS friend currently living in Atlanta (who is my best friend) who met up with an old friend that he to CMU with. She brought her dog Banner who is a pit bull. The food is pretty good here. The workers here are nice and very helpful.
Absolutely addicted to this place! Best authentic Mexican I've had in Philadelphia. I love the tinga tostadas or the veggie bomb burrito! honestly I'm kind of a creature of habit at this place so I haven't ventured into other options because I CRAVE these two dishes but I'm sure whatever you choose will be delicious! 

My husband and I eat here at least 3x a week either for lunch or a spur of the moment dinner plan, I have never had a bad experience with the food and would highly recommend this to everyone!

Tess is amazing! She's always super nice and friendly! 

Overall I love taco riendo and feel blessed to live so close!
Woo Hoo is right!  
Taco Riendo is a little bit of Mexico right here in Philly!
You walk into this corner taco joint to be hit by the smells real mexican food.  You order at the counter and grab your drink from an ice bucket and barely have time to sit and chat before you get your rockin' fresh food.  The servers are friendly and will help you gringos out there order, you just have to ask.
My husband swears by the Horchata.  I love ordering a few tacos to get a variety of flavors. The Truck Driver Taco is a must!  The choriquezo taco es muy sabroso tambien!
So stop reading about it and go get some!
I can only really rate the elotes asados (roasted corn cobs) because it's the only thing I've eaten there - and the only thing I need to eat. 

Taco Riendo offers authentic Mexican fare at a fairly low price - the roasted corn amazingness will set you back $2.50 a pop. (Believe me, you'll want more than one.) 

What, exactly, are elotes asados? What makes them so special? 

Magic. Or, I suppose it could be full-sized cob with topped with Mexican mayo, queso fresco, lime, and chile piquin (pepper).
Taco Riendo is pretty good.

The hot salsa is amazing and will blast away any other red salsa/hot sauce colloid you've ever had.

The vegetarian tacos are fine. They're less mushy than your average quick fix Mex place, and the lettuce is crisp. 

The guacamole is good. It's nice to emulsify with the hot sauce and create a chunky avocado cream topping for your left over tortillas.
This is a good neighborhood Mexican restaurant but the only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because I feel offended that the cashier always checks if my $20 bills are real. Now granted, this place is cash only, so whenever I pick up takeout from here I am always going to the ATM in THEIR restaurant to pull out money. I am a black male and there was a white customer who paid for their meal before me and the cashier did not check her $20. But when I paid for my takeout the cashier checked to see if my money was real . This particular cashier has done this to me before in the past so I wanted to see if she'd do it again, which she did. 

I am offended. And Despite the fact that this restaurant is conveniently located in my neighborhood I do not know if I'll ever come back here again.
This review is solely for service. Food is amazing but the people that work here can be so rude! I was finishing a bottle of wine with my friend outside, and it was maybe 5 minutes after 9 and the girl yelled at us, "I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO LEAVE". The only thing we had was 2 of their wine glasses, all you have to say is we're really sorry we're closing, not yell at your customers! Management needs to reconsider their staff
Why a Mexican restaurant would proudly choose not to deliver is beyond me. If there's one industry that you could pretty much say the Mexicans have sewn up it the delivering food. I don't get it. 

Also they don't take credit cards. It says it clearly on their menu "no delivery! no credit cards!" Why do they take pleasure in being inconvenient? It boggles the mind!

Jose's will drive 2 miles to my office to deliver but Taco Reindo won't hoof it 5 blocks.

Also their tacos are a little greasy and their hot salsa is mild mild mild. But they are good.
Taco Riendo is my JAAAAMMM. I'm wiggling my butt in my chair right now, as I type this, because it is my jam. 

Taco Riendo is an airy, bright little corner spot just above Girard. There is plenty of parking and outdoor seating. The service was basic but great. It also helps that it's a scant five (or so) minute drive from our apartment. 

"You know how you know the food is going to be good? Everyone back there preparing this stuff is over the age of 45." [My boyfriend is a quotes-for-Yelp-reviews machine!!!!!!!!!!]

I ordered my standard Mexican fare - cheese enchiladas with some verde sauce. The sauce was un poco caliente, and even though I'm more of a "mild" girl myself, I enjoyed it. My boyfriend had a chicken burrito of a somewhat significant size (enough to make a meal out of) and was in awe of the mole sauce. We agreed that all of the ingredients tasted perfectly fresh. Freshness seems to make or break a restaurant these days, which sounds lame, but it's fact. The taste of FRESHNESS adds another layer to an already delicious meal.

They offer desayuno (that's "breakfast" for the gringoes, which I am one of, but a gringo with several years of Spanish under my belt), and a lot of tasty sounding things. The menu is, of course, quite meaty, but there is a vegetarian option for just about everything on the menu. We agreed that Taco Riendo needs to be one of our new go-to spots. I can't wait to try the corn on the cob. I plan on bringing floss just for the occasion. 

FIVE SPICY STARS
pretty good.  the food was fresh, tasty, didn't take too long and reasonably priced.  i ordered the nachos especial, which was too much for me to eat.  

it's cute and clean inside, it's made to look like outside.  they keep the drinks in a tin tub filled with ice.   the staff is friendly and nice.
Yup, just ate there again last night and confirmed this IS the best place in Philly.
Their chips are soooo good - light and crispy and with a great corn flavor.
For those of you wondering...the Truck Driver Taco is rice, eggs, jalapenos...and I think you can get meat in it too if you want.
Yum, Yum, Yum
This is a I'm-hungry-and-don't-want-to-make-dinner staple at my house. I almost always get the chiorizo quesadillas, but everything I've tried has been excellent, authentic and fresh. The salsas are pureed -- and the roja version is particularly spicy. The chips are homemade. They have a variety of Jarritos at the counter.

Just a note if you get takeout: It's cash only. They usually package to-go in styrofoam containers upside down (that way they're using the large flat part of the "top" of the container instead of the sectioned bottom part). I had a friend grab her container and say "Why did they put this in upside down?" and flip it over before I could warn her, and her tostadas went south.     

I know this is a gringo request, but I wish they had nachos.
i have a story to tell, i'll call it, THE RISE AND FALL OF TACO RIENDO. It started last year.. back on a soupy summer day, when my friend and her bf invited me and my bf to a delicious BYOB dinner outside on the corner of 5th and Thompson. At the time, I didn't live nearby so it was a brand new discovery for me. How was it you ask? Amazing. Delicious. Beautiful. A dinner of champions.

Alas, all good things must come to an end. 

Many months later, my bf and I moved into a great little apartment that happened to be down the street from Taco Riendo, which in our opinion, was one of the highlights of the location. We started going there regularly. We'd notice that there would typically be a mix of Americanos and Latinos.. but by and large it didn't matter. Like most places I frequent, I started to recognize the people behind the counter, particularly the Jewish Mexican girl (yes she wears a Jewish star), and I even asked her about it one time. I mean, I'm not religious or anything, but I was raised Jewish and thought it was something we have in common, and who wouldn't want to engender an "i know you" feeling with the regulars? Apparently, this girl. We came in there MANY times. Sometimes a few days a week. We got the same thing a lot of the time, and varied it up once in a while. Thus began the fall of Taco Riendo. 

I can document the reasons I no longer frequent this establishment with 3 major points:

1) The girl behind the counter. To state it plainly, she's just lame. She doesn't smile, doesn't act like she recognizes me, doesn't care. In fact, the last time my boyfriend asked for a little extra salsa verde since they only give you a tiny little drop to use on an entire burrito (which is an American creation, mind you), she had to nerve to say "you already got what it comes with". The girl is mean, lame and in my opinion.. and I hate to say it, but I am starting to think... racist. Which leads me to my next point.

2) Like I said previously, lots of people frequent Taco Riendo, Mexicanos, otra Latinos, and peoples from the Americanland, like myself. No, I don't speak Spanish. I think it's pretty obvious, but out of respect for other cultures I always make an attempt to try and pronounce things correctly. I may sound like an idiot, but typically it is received well. I also lived in San Diego for 2 years. My attempt at Spanish there was much appreciated. I know, I had lots of Spanish-speaking compadres. But um, note. This is Philadelphia. It's not a big surprise that you get a mix when the food's good. But this girl?????? She doesn't smile .. AT ME. She doesn't act like she recognizes ... ME, she doesn't care.. ABOUT ME. However, when an obvious Latino enters that establishment, it is suddenly clear to me that it is about me. With Latinos, she is friendly. She is sweet. She smiles, she is charismatic. I have come to the unfortunate conclusion that this is her attempt to make the Americans go elsewhere. And it's working. 

3) Ok, in all honesty, this is the most important factor. FOOD! The food quality has definitely gone down. It used to be great. It used to be consistent. Now it feels like there is no love in any of it. I didn't decide this all of a sudden.. I tried it a few more times after I'd had a bad burrito. But guys, how many burritos does it take for one to call it quits!  

Oh, and Loco Pez, an awesome little bar that is Americano-friendly, recognizes its regulars, and by the way the FOOD IS F*********ING amazing.. opened down the way in Fishtown. Made me never want to bother with Taco The-Endo again.
Ok I have been going here for 3 years now.. and I would have given them 5 stars back in the day, but slowly they are raising their prices on you and now everything is outrageously priced.  Truck driver tacos used to be $2 which was nice because they are the size of my cell phone (small),  yesterday I bought 2 and it came to $7 something... umm for 2 mini tacos I think not.  Now the rest of the food is good but the proportions are soooo small!  If you go there for lunch, spend $12, you will definitely need to stop at rosas around the corner and get a hoagie for $3.50 to suppress your hunger. P.S. the prices on the menu are all wrong, add $2 to everything, unless they just like ripping me off at the counter every time.  just sayin'
When I am craving authentic Mexican on a shoestring budget this place rocks my face off! This family owned restaurant offers fresh ingredience, sizable portions and service with a smile. I am looking forward to the spring when I can enjoy my plate of goodness under the stars on thei new back patio!
went to taco riendo last night, had some lovely chile relleno tacos with some freakin delicious cheese.  the salsa here is authentic and quite possibly the best salsa in philadelphia.  i just love this place.
I'm worried about all the hipsters up in this part of the city. Obviously they aren't eating well, considering the ratings Taco Riendo has tallied up.

The food here SERIOUSLY lacks SABOR (in Gringo that's "FLAVOR"). 

Reading the menu made my mouth water. It all sounded so good and should have been great, but everything they delivered fell flat. The meats and fish had ZERO flavor. You can ladle on all the condiments you like, it just isn't going to save things. 

I was left with the impression that this was Mexican food for gringos, by gringos. What a disappointment! 

Here's a hint. Want good Mexican food? Eat where Mexicans eat. Number of Mexicans eating in Taco Riendo. ZERO. Not even hipster Mexicans would eat here.
Taco Riendo is pretty awesome.  Small place, cash only, and the beginnings of a sketchy neighborhood, but all these are far outweighed by their awesome food.

We had the Nachos Azteca, which was basically everything you could possibly want on nachos and they were incredible.  I had three chicken tacos with avocado which was one of their specials and there were excellent.  Plenty of food, don't cheat you on the meat, well seasoned, and well put-together.  Can't complain here, if you are looking for a tasty authentic Mexican place in Philly, look no further.
I had a hankering for a taco and a friend suggested that I check this place out.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and a diet coke.  The sodas were hot and in a iceless bucket on the counter...needless to say I had to ask for ice and a cup.  The staff were nice and brought my tacos to me while I lounged in the outdoor seating which was quite nice too.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any shrimp in my shrimp tacos...lots of room temperature tomatoes and rice but no camerones anywhere in sight.  With all of the tacquerias in South Philly, I seriously doubt that I'll venture back here.
I'm a FOH manager at a nearby restaurant, and am appalled by the management at this location, I don't believe they even have a manager. I've had issues in the past with trying to contact a manager for catering services and to set up a party at their location, and it was like running into a dead end. Yesterday I ate in at Taco Riendo and had an issue with the food, and suprise suprise, no manager to help. 

1. Back in June I wanted to set up a catering job for a summer event we were doing outside, and called the Taco Riendo asking how to go about setting this up. The cashier said this is a service they do offer and gave me both the phone number and email of the manager. For a week I attempted to call and email the manager to set this up and never received a call back. Finally, I went into the restaurant to try to meet with the manager, and noone with that title was there. The cashier said she wasn't in at the moment, but asked what I needed help with. The cashier then sat down with me and helped me plan and set up my order, took less then 10 minutes. If it only took 10 minutes to set it up with one of the cashiers, why did I try to contact this nonexistent manager for a week? 

2. My daughter's 21st birthday was in August, she wanted to take a group of friends to Taco Riendo because they are BYOB and have an outdoor patio with lights and music. Again, I wanted to set up family style dishes for us to all be able to share. I try to call the manager again, thinking maybe last time there was a reason I couldn't get in touch with her. WOW this time she answered, only after two days! She advises me to not do family style dishes, and to order off the menu on a busy Friday night instead. At this point I wanted to wash my hands of Taco Riendo because I do alot of big events, and the 'MANAGER' clearly doesn't want to take the time to accommodate those kinds of events. But I couldn't cancel because my daughter and her friends were looking forward to going there. I arrived about 30 minutes early to decorate the back, and the same cashier who helped me last time was there. She helps me decorate and asks if there was anything else I needed.... I express how I wanted family style dishes and how I was told to order off the menu. She asks if I still wanted family style dishes and sets it up for me with only twenty minutes until our party. How can the cashier who was busy both times, take the time to accommodate me and the MANAGER not be able to do this. It seriously blew my mind. I wanted to offer the cashier a job at my establishment because she was clearly to nice and talented to be working for such imbeciles. 

3. Friends invite me to dinner last night to celebrate a promotion, since I didn't set this up, I figure there probably won't be a problem. I order the chicken special tacos, which I've had in the past and the meat came out black. Picture will be listed below. Yes, the chicken was brownish black. I ask the cashier to speak with the manager, because the chicken looked old and nonedible, she tells me there is no manager so her and the cook explain to me they switched from white meat to dark meat. WTF. The order specifies with grilled chicken, and instead I received chicken thighs which is filled with fat and the color is not appealing. No sign or anything letting customer know that they no longer serve grilled chicken, instead replaced white meat with dark fat meat. Sorry Taco Riendo, I am done! The last two times I have a pass to you because the staff memeber was able to accommodate me, but last night the staff was clearly incapable of helping at all. 

I ADVISE TO NOT ASK FOR A MANAGER SINCE THERE IS NONE, AND NOT TO ORDER THE CHICKEN.
My friends and I always enjoy going out for a meal at Taco Riendo, be it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  There is the reliable menu with its soups, guisados (stews) tamales, tortas, and tacos, plus the occasional specials.  The aquas frescas are always excellent - an addictive horchata and thirst quenching sorrel (hibiscus) are my favorites.  The smoky chipotle-based stands out among the three different salsas and I really enjoy the less common taco fillings, such as cabeza (head), lengua, ojos, and cachete (cheek).  Lately, I always ordered elote - grilled corn on the cob with mayonnaise and sprinkled with grated cotija.  You order at the counter and can watch the cooks prepare each plate to order.  
The taqueria is sunny and comfortable, a little piece of Mexico on North 5th.
Ok...so if this place were in SoCal, Colorado, Texas, Arizona, etc. I'd only give it 3 stars. But this has to be relative to the rest of Philly so I'm going with 5 stars! This is definitely a "Mexican" tacqueria, versus a more of a Tex-Mex type joint, but very authentic. The staff was great, the ingredients were fresh, and all of the food is prepared right in front of you. They have Horchata, Posole (at least as a special), Menudo, and a bigger variety of Tacos than I've seen in a long time. Maybe a tad bit pricey - but well worth it!
I was seriously craving a burrito at the worst possible time this Sunday night since most of my go to burrito shops are usually closed. My stomach usually wins out in this fight so I decided to find a burrito joint that's close, open, and highly rated. 

Enter Taco Riendo. 

I was pleasantly surprised to find that this area isn't as ghetto as it used to be. Upon pulling up the address on Google Maps I was picturing a mixture of Boyz N The Hood and a western. I parked in the front of the shop and entered a quaint place that looked rather presentable with Spanish mood music playing in the background that adds to the atmosphere. 

I ordered the al pastor burrito because any Mexican place worth it's salt should bring its A-game with the pastor. The burrito I had was very juicy and flavorful, the ingredients tasted fresh and the added pineapples in the burrto gave it a different but welcomed taste that I also enjoyed. The only downside of the burrito I could say was that the tortilla didn't taste all that fresh and was actually kinda stale. Maybe this was a product of going in late im not sure but it made a difference since it's the first thing I sunk my teeth into. 

I also had the roasted corn on the cob. The only other place I had roasted corn like this was Cafe Habana in NYC and i will make my comparison. While corn from each place both taste good. Taco Riendo's version tasted creamier while Habana's tasted zestier, maybe Habana sprinkled more lime juice or something but you can't go wrong with either. 

Will chomp again
This place came highly recommended by a good friend and my wife and I were eager to eat here. Had great curb appeal considering it's surrounding and you could smell how delicious the food was as we were walking up. The interior of this place was perfect and we could tell we were in for a great meal. OMG.... What? They don't accept credit cards? "F"this place and any other restaurant that would inconvenience a customer simply to avoid a 3% fee. Ever heard of a cost of doing business? We're almost in 2014.... An established restaurant should be able to accommodate any type of paying customer. It's not like they're a food truck or at a fair. It's cool.... I'll find somewhere else to eat. Glad they saved they're 3% and lost my business entirely.
Great all the way around.  

Totally love the tamales and their green sauce, the peppers stuffed with cheese is especially awesome.  Overall, really good, nice and fresh, pretty cheap and all around nice family run joint.  

Finding good Mexican food was hard when we first got here and this place was an excellent recommendation.
Hands down the best Mexican I've had in Philly - I just wish it was closer. I'd been searching for something approaching decent Mexican since moving here long ago, and it's a thrill to finally find it.
This place gets 5 stars because I seriously crave them 24/7.

I really like the chicken tostadas. I've also tried the fish, but they aren't as good. They also have mexican soda in glass bottles, which I really enjoy. 

Taco Riendo has taken over my taste buds!
I just moved from MI, and this place is only a 5 minute walk. I ate here for the second time today, and it's awesome. Their breakfast menu is a little small, but the food is really good. They're pretty vegetarian  friendly, and they have an authentic drink selection (soda with real sugar, both coke and pepsi, I'm a sucker for it).

It's a little pricey, but overall, awesome. I'll be back for sure.
Taco Riendo, I think we need to talk.

In short, your food and service just isn't good enough for a Mexican place in Philly. I seem to remember it being better in the past, but things have changed. 

In long -

1. You are a BYO. If I bring beer, it would be nice for you to have a small bucket or something for ice so that my beer is cold.  I'm sorry that drunk people stole nice ones that you bought on Cinco de Mayo, but that was a month ago. Buy news and don't bitch about it to me.

2. The Sopes Campesinos do not have beans on them. This is my fault really, because the description did not say beans. However, I thought that all sopes had beans. Instead, these are just the corn tortillas with a ton of crema.

3. The salsa that you serve with your chips is not good. I think it's homemade, but it's just simply not good. And the chips were not salted enough.

4. The vegetarian burrito is stuffed with mexican rice. There is a little green pepper, a couple of black beans, and a lot of rice. I have eaten a lot of veggie burritos and this one is just not that good. Please don't stuff it with rice to save money. lame.

5. The chick you have working really needs some customer service training. She just is not that nice. I mean, really - she was borderline rude.


So, Taco Riendo, I'm really sorry- but I think we are going to have to break up. I've met someone else in the area (Pura Vida) and I think I want to pursue that relationship.
I really wanted to love it here, but the food totally missed the mark. Came in on a Tuesday night with 3 others and ordered a ton of food. The nice thing is that there was plenty of walk-in seating and you can BYOB. It's cash only, but they do have an ATM on site. About the food - we started with the grilled elote and guacamole to share. The elote was great and the guac was pretty good too. We then shared a variety of tacos, tostadas, and the chicken tinga burrito. The burrito was totally flavorless - I gave my portion to my boyfriend because it was not good at all. The tacos were fair and just not very flavorful at all. The meat was chewy too. The best thing we had were the shrimp tostadas, but the rest was not very good. I had heard great things, but Taco Riendo just really missed the mark.
As always, my go-to at Philly taquieras is a Cuban Torta. It is a filling and intense sandwich with a variety of stretchy cheese, beans, pickled vegetables, chorizo, ham, breaded steak, avocado, and eggs. It's very delicious and one of my favorite things to eat.

Taco Riendo's is good. The bread is light and airy, but lacks some structure that can make it hard to weird. I resorted to a knife and fork. The steak here isn't breaded, and I think it's actually pork. A fine addition, even if it's not what I'm used to.

I liked the sandwich and my partner liked her meal too. Between Que Chula and Taco Riendo, I'd say it's a toss-up if you're in the are.
This place would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the extremely rude girl behind the counter. 

This was a place my boyfriend and I would frequent , until this experience . My boyfriend walked in and was waiting to place an order ( along with 6 other people) while the girl working here ignored the customers at the counter and continued cleaning every table in the place. 

My boyfriend talked to chef who was behind the counter about our order and the girl then snapped at him telling him he has to wait and if he wanted it to be fast he should have called ahead . 

When he responded ,in no way rude, to her saying she could have taken the orders of the line of customers who were waiting  then returned to cleaning , she angrily told him " don't talk to me that way" . 

It's unfortunate as this place does have relatively inexpensive and decent food,  but rude staff ensures that we will no longer be repeat customers.
I was raised south of the border and lived in California for most of my life so tacos are very near and dear to my heart. But I recently started school in Terre Haute, Indiana where no one has heard of carne asada let alone make carne asada tacos. I visit Philadelphia often to see my boyfriend and thankfully there are amazing tacos near where he lives.I was way too excited to try the tacos here based of recommendations on yelp.

We got: three chicken cactus tacos, four carne asada tacos, elotes, horchata, and a mexican coke. 

I personally thought the carne asada was a bit dry and too chewy but that might've been more due to the cut of the meat than how it was cooked. The smoky, red sauce that came with it made up for the dryness. The chicken tacos were amazing! The cactus really adds a different dimension of flavor to the tacos. The sauce that came with it really tied it all together. Just get the chicken cactus tacos and thank me later.

The elote was pretty good if you're used to eating it with tajin, Tajin has a lime kick to it which some people aren't used to. I've had it with chili powder and I prefer that over tajin but I still ate the whole thing without complaints. I love that it was actually roasted and not boiled. 

Overall, go here. They have a huge menu and I'm sure you'll find something you like!
Prolly my favorite place to go out to. It's a BYOB, the service is great, the menu is authentic...I've had pretty much everything on the menu; mole, stewed chicken, enchiladas, burritos, tacos, quesadillas, soups, fish, I try something different every time and have never been disappointed. I bring all my out of town guests here. 

Go for the horchata, is wonderful. the entrees are all reasonable. my generous serving of stewed chicken with zucchini was only about 7$.

The shrimp quesadilla was simple and delicious. My BF did have a salmon taco that he wasn't blown away by. But when we have a 6-pack and $20 to spend for dinner we leave fat and happy.
Now here is a taco

I can get behind.

This actually was I believe my second dinner in Philly. I missed San Diego so much I said what the hell let me get a burrito; how bad could it really be?

pretty not bad! I had the chorizo breakfast burrito for dinner and while it's not a california burrito or any kind of burrito found in the san diego area it was pretty delicious! 

Cost was kinda high. In San Diego I get a great breakfast burrito for 5.45 even after adding refried beans. That is bacon, potatoes, eggs, cheese + beans. Here, my Chorizo burrito, while tasty.. was something like $9 bones. 

I came here again to try a chicken burrito. That one sucked. dont get the chicken burrito.

Cash only, and they cut your burrito in half. 

I hate that. 

Why ruin the perfectly packaged food that is a burrito?
I'm not sure how this rates compared to other Philly-Mexican food, but coming from Chicago I am spoiled where fantastic Mexican food is in abundance and incredibly cheap.  

The taste is quite comparable to those Chicago spots... it is basic, not fancy, and they don't make a fuss in giving it to you in such an elegant way.  It's pretty authentic.  The chorizo I had was really good and not greasy like a lot of places are.  Good rice, good beans.  The interior seems nice, but I only got take out and I sat in the car so I am certainly not a good judge for that.  

This place is by no means bad.. it's okay.. but the prices should reflect that.  Chicago would probably offer these things at least a few dollars cheaper in most cases.
stay away. this place is horrible! i was here last year for enchiladas and they were decent so tried this place again for tacos. i paid $10 and change for 3 tacos (two pork and 1 chicken). both were overcooked and lacked any sort of seasoning. not even salt or pepper. to make them tasty they charge extra for sour cream or cheese (not the real mexican cheese btw, shredded jack). i literally had cubed grilled chicken on store bought corn tortillas with a sprinkling of onions. nasty! the salsas are also not very good- super spicy but zero flavor. how is that possible? i would recommend chipotle over this place. cantina down the street isn't as "authentic" but it's a million times better and even with hiked up prices you can get delicious pulled pork tacos for less than this place charges. i'm sticking with mexican restaurants on washington where three delicious tacos average about  $6.
this place is around the corner from my house, and it's really hard to make myself eat anywhere else these days. yes, the guacamole is hideously overpriced, but it's usually worth it. other than that - prices are really reasonable compared to other places in the neighborhood, especially for what you get. i usually order tacos al pastor - pork and pineapple - and i'm always pleased. i've also had the chili relleno, steak + cilantro tacos, fish tacos (not as good, but i'm not a fan of fish tacos, really), and the burritos, and a couple of the stews (pork tips in tomatillo sauce is especially good), all of which have been good to excellent. 

also, this might not be the right place to ask, but it's worth a shot. to any culinarily gifted yelpers--anyone have an idea what goes into their guac? lots of cilantro, lime, and some sort of hot pepper, for sure, but it's also rather liquidy. i want to replicate it at home but can't figure out what i'm missing.
2.5 Stars. Friggin yelp.

I feel somewhat conflicted about this place. After reading all the positive reviews before I was inclined to really like the place. I visited on a slow Sunday night.  Latin music greeted me as I entered, as well as the aroma of something good.  A big tub with ice and various bottled drinks sat on the counter to my left. I sat down and pondered what to order. For me, usually there are two things that they have to do well in order for me to like them: salsa and chips, and a main entree; either enchiladas or a burrito. After perusing the menu I decided on enchiladas with mole sauce and cheese along with an order of chips and salsa.  I also got horchata. 

The chips and salsa came out fast right after the horchata. The salsa was a nice verdes/green salsa with some zip to it and nice flavors. The chips however were pretty bland and a little too thick. They tasted like they'd been in the frier a little too long/little too much grease.

The enchiladas with mole sauce came out next. The entree came with black beans and rice. It also came with some chunks of what I deduced by its texture was fat. Not sure why they included them, other than being completists.The beans were pretty good, albeit a tad soupy. I solved that by mixing in the rice, which was a little dry, in with the beans. Ouila, side dish problems solved.

The mole sauce was pretty flavorful for the most part.  The chicken however was a little overcooked/dry and stringy.  Oh yeah, and they succumbed to the standard Americanization practice of adding in lettuce on top which always annoys me to no end. At least they didn't put american cheese on top like Mexican Post or your pseudo mexican places.

The service was meh. They took my order fast and the horchata and chips came out fast. The main course took a while, which I really didn't understand since it was pretty much me and one other gringo getting takeout. 

Oh yeah, and this place added to my annoyance level at Philly restaurants. If I go to a sit down restaurant, I expect to get free water. You can't tell me that water is that frickin expensive that you have to charge for it. Total scam.

I'm not going to say it was a bad meal. But it wasn't really all that memorable either. It's better than the Mexican Post, but that really isn't saying all that much now is it?
I'll admit that although the servings are on the smaller side considering the price, I'm okay with that.  The food was good enough and they dealt with the rush of people that I was in the middle of just fine.  

What I did enjoy is that I found a place in the city that doesn't have wait staff.  You go up, order your food and sit down.  No tip is involved and you get the same amount of service that you would elsewhere.  Yes!

Really, though.  It's not that particularly great of a place and I wouldn't go out of my way to come here unless I live a block away.  But, it's good to know there is one restaurant in the city where I don't have to tip for lousy service.
The food is good here.  My beef is with the service.  I've been a server and many of my friends have been servers, so I know how it is.  I don't need anybody over-the-top bright and cheery, just courteous and helpful if need be.    I've been there twice and both times I've gotten totally unnecessary attitude and generally slow and bad service from two of the female servers.  Maybe it's my personality rubbing them the wrong way, but as a customer I'm generally as easy as they come.  The first time I phone ordered a veggie burrito with cheese and guac to go and they charged me 14.06.  It took me 5 minutes to sort the problem out in person because the girl behind the counter answered my questions with as little information as possible.  Totally apathetic and unhelpful and seemed put out by my perplexed questions, such as how a simple veggie burrito could cost $14.  Second time in there, I sat down with two friends.  We ordered a single veggie burrito (again).  Only 2 other couples were in the restaurant when we arrived (so the restaurant was quiet) - one was served about 5 minutes into us being there.  We waited over 20 minutes for the single burrito.  When we saw that everyone else had been served (including the several tables who arrived after we ordered and had already been served), we politely asked if our food was coming.  We were met with an icy look and were told it was on its way.  30 seconds later it was literally tossed onto our table by the server with no word of explanation, smile, "enjoy", nothing but attitude.  And we were nice to her!  I don't get it.
Man this place is 100% legit.  The owner Octavia is a great guy, who loves cooking his family recipes.  I have been eating at this place for years and I have never had a bad meal.  Highlights for me are the Tinga burrito and chicken tacos with cactus and avocado.
love this place, always, always, great food!
grilled corn, awesome!
spicy beef stew, awesome!
al pastor tacos, awesome!
If you suffer from stuffed up sinuses like I do in the spring, get yourself some Riendo Red salsa. It'll really clear your nose out. I had a chicken burrito which was stuffed with spanish rice to die for, sour cream, cheese, chicken, and beans. I'm looking forward to my next trip. I plan to get some rice on the side to enjoy by itself next time.
I have to say that my latest experience here kinda of sucked. I first found this place about three years ago and have back on a few random occasions. The first time in, I was wooed like most others leaving reviews. Authentic Mexican on the outskirts of an up-and-coming area serving very good food and at a very good price. We were all charmed. After last night, I think that the luster is wearing off. Maybe because I had to wait longer than usual for my food. Maybe because the prices have been jacked up. Maybe because I didn't get a friendly vibe from the staff this time around. Maybe I just caught them on a night when they were short handed. I can't exactly put a finger on it. 

I will say that the food was still really good. But this is Philly - I can get good food almost anywhere. Next time I come here I'll cross my fingers and hope for a better all around experience.
Literally the most amazing Mexican in the city!

The chicken tostadas & the nachos especial are amazing! I really don't have anything bad to say except that they don't deliver!

Really a great little find. Fast, efficient & friendly! Certainly worth the stop! When I'm craving Mexican this is my go to & I guarantee it always will be'
Oh Taco Riendo... why am I not inside you eating burritos right now?  Oh, that's right, because I was there eating burritos 4 hours ago.  

So two of my girlfriends came to Fishtown today from the suburbs of Montgomery County.  Trying to figure out where we'd have lunch, I suggested this place.  I ignored the fact that we had Mexican on Friday night because those assembly line TexMex chains don't really count, and because I am always up for a burrito.  Glad we went!  

One friend and I got burritos.  The other friend got quesadillas.  We all loved our food.  The meals were simple, flavorful, and fresh.  They didn't need to be drowned in salsa or sour cream.  It was just the right size to fill us to the brim, but not push us into that uncomfortable, too full zone.  

My only complaint:  What's with not serving salsa and chips?  Everywhere else gives them to you!  Granted it's only $2.50 to add it on, and that $2.50 gives you a lot of salsa and chips.  But I'm used to not having to pay for that small luxury.  Another interesting fact, I went from being full for 4 hours to suddenly being starved.  Guess I'll just have to go back for a taco or two.
This place is mediocre to me. 
I have definitely had better tacos than this place. 
First off, it was hard for me to place an order because they fluff the titles for these tacos. Can we keep it simple people? After all, you are located in the ghetto where the surrounding population is not the most literate. Call a pork taco, Carnitas; not some fancy name you made up. 
Second, I think if you're an employee here, especially the cashier, it would behoove you to know the exact prices on the menu. The cashier was overcharging us for 3 tacos. The only reason my fiance noticed was because we were low on cash and had just enough for only 3 tacos. We didn't know this place was cash only prior to walking in.
Third and lastly, the tacos had no flavor. They were so bland. I had such high expectations because of all the reviews. Yea, these tacos did not live up to some of these raving reviews on here. I had a pork taco and my fiance had a chicken. Both were bland. Maybe if we would've gotten a bigger piece of lime we could've added some flavor to these tacos. I barely got 3 drops out of the tiny piece of lime I was given. So first you overcharge me and then you're stingy with your lime? Yea I'm not impressed by this place. Also, in regards to the chicken taco, the chicken had a lot of fat in it. I got annoyed by having to pick out the fat that I didn't even finish the taco. I left here very unsatisfied and hungry. 
As far as the service, the cashier was nice. The wait wasn't too long. There were some college guys eating when we got there. There was one guy in front of us doing take out and one couple that came in after us. 
It was worth a shot trying it out but I would not recommend this place to other and I will not be going back.
So after reading all of the reviews and even having some local friends tell me I have to go,  I did...while I gave it a 3 my rating would be a 3.5. The staff was friendly and the ambiance was very authentic. The only taco I got that I loved was the pork and pineapple. The chorizo and  the chicken,onion and avocado were good but not special and the steak and cactus was very plain and not very tasty at all. Everything was prepared well but just not a mind blowing experience. I will go again to give it a fair shot and if other things are better I will adjust my review accordingly.
I'm surprised that there are any good reviews here, much less a large amount of them. I can only guess that none of you fine people have been to any of the South Philly Taquerias, or hell, even Dos Segundos. My first review of Taco Riendo was better than it deserved simply because I love Mexican. This time, I can't give it a low enough rating.

When none of the workers at a "Mexican" place have any discernable accent, it's a bad sign. I wouldn't be surprised to find thart Riendo is Mexican for Bell.

After ordering at the counter, I went to the bucket of drinks to see the various Mexican soda options. Every bottle was warm. I asked for water, and the girl pointed me to an iceless pitcher and a styrofoam cup. The water was also warm. Nothing better than pouring your own warm drink.

My chicken tacos came out, and in comparison, the water was actually warmer than the food. The salsa, however, is the hottest I've ever had. There's nothing wrong with heat if you can still taste the ingredients. All you can taste here, though, is heat. So instead I ordered a side of pico de gallo, which turned out to be about an ounce worth of pico. A 5-cent portion for $2. It didn't matter anyway since they never brought me any bloody chips!

The chicken tacos would've been more aptly named "cilantro tacos." I couldn't even eat the tortilla shells since they had the texture of being microwaved 10x. They were as rubbery as...a big, thick piece of rubber (I'm at a loss for analogies, okay?!). The chicken was flavorless, bland and luke warm.

I'm really digging deep for something positive to say about this place, and all I can come up with is: the girl at the register was pleasant. That's all I got. It's not enough to get me to come back. Nice knowin' you, Taco Riendo.
Been here just once and tried the Pineapple and Pork Burrito. It was awesome, but 10 bux for one burrito is a little much.
Taco Riendo is one of the things I am really going miss after leaving Kensington. I see us hoping in the car and heading up there every now and again though.

The burritos are great, so are the sopes, tostadas and salads. But the namesake, the taco, takes center stage. Try them all (if you are brave, even the "taco mixto"). 

Favs:
Truck Driver w/ chicken
Chorizo y queso
Al Pastor
de Pescado

Make sure to finish it off with a glass of Horchata.

They don't take plastic but there is an ATM inside.
I enjoy Taco Riendo as it often offers some authentic flavor of Mexico, much different from that of So.Cal Amexican. Occasionally things are a bit dry, but its one of the few places I've been to where I was able to get a taco with cactus and oaxaca cheese. Overall, I enjoyed it and would go back.
This place is the best of the tiny hole in the wall places. It's good, authentic Mexican food at a great value, and far enough away from the touristy hustle and bustle that it feels comfortable. 

It's a great place to chill out, eat and drink. They even have a new much-needed patio seating area outside. I never spend more than 10 bucks here (and even less when I opt for toting my own Corona instead of soda, cause it's BYOB!) 

2 items that rock my socks: the Veggie Burrito and the Corn on the Cob with cheese and spicy lime sauce. YUM.
Being from Cali I have high standards with Mexican food. This place is not even close to real Mexican food. I guess this place is good if you've never had real Mexican food. And no burritos are not from Mexico there from California. Mexican food just ain't the same in the east coast.
When I first wrote about Riendo I was wowed and uber excited about having reliably good & cheap Mexican food. 

After many, many subsequent visits, I have to take it down a notch. For what they do - cheap, consistent Mexican food- they are great. But, their ingredient quality doesn't seem the same as it used to be, or they aren't cleaning the meat as thoroughly-  I've gotten some pretty fatty cuts of beef and chicken the last few times. The guacamole is really expensive (especially when you can buy a bag of avocados for less than the cost at Trader Joes). The lettuce is iceburg, the water tap, and the tomatoes are whatever you buy at the supermarket. 

I stick with the salsa & chips (consistent, cheap & good), the chorizo tacos (same), Mexican Hot Chocolate (the best I've ever had- clear winner at the restaurant) and I've been meaning to try the grilled corn... which seems to be a favorite among other patrons. When I've deviated from the above I've regretted it. 

What Taco Riendo is: inexpensive accessible BYOB Mexican. 

I go to Riendo because it's close, fast and cheap. But I wouldn't drive across town for it.
Taco Riendo is the perfect place for a quick and cheap Mexican meal. I've never had a meal here that's disappointed, and while the tacos are not on the level of original taquerias in Mexico, this is the best you're going to get in the city.

I almost always go with the chicken or chorizo tacos, but everything else looks great too. It is a little off the beaten path (6th& Girard) but well worth the trek out. This place is BYOB and cash only so keep that in mind.

I tend to be believer in eating where the natives eat, and this place is always packed with Hispanics. In short, one of the best taco places in the city and not very expensive.
Taco Riendo makes one of the better al pastor tacos I have had in Philadelphia. Other than that I cannot comment. on anything. Vibe? Fine. Customer service? Fine.

I am an al pastor taco "tourer" and that is ALL I know about anything. Really. Now on the...

Juicy Taco Comments: Cuts of pork were a bit large to my liking, and excessive. It really did make the "fat" noticeable. Delicious. The marinade. The marinade was DELICIOUS. PINEAPPLES. Out of season. Impossible even in Philadelphia. BUT good. They fooled me at least.

Prices were above what I expected, but appropriate for the amount of food I received.

Thank You Taco Riendo. Thank You so much for being a Taco Savior.

Cheers.
This is another place I want to give 3.5 stars.....so I'll be nice again and give it 4 since the pros outweigh the con.

Pros:
--DELICIOUS MEXICAN CORN ON THE COB---5 stars for that.  Even if you do not like corn on the cob (as I do not most of the time), this corn is orgasmic.  The corn is grilled, topped with Mexican mayo, cheese, and spices.  While this combo may sound weird--the flavor combination is off the chain!
--Cool Outdoor Seating
--BYOB (Bring a six pack of Coronas and you're set for a relaxing day in the summer with friends)

Con
---I'm not too impressed with the burritos.  They seem to lack flavor and tend to be overstuffed with rice.  They're not bad....I've just had better, ya know?

Bottom Line:  I'd say go for some Mexican corn, appetizers, and beers on a lazy weekend day in the summer
The best breakfast burrito I've ever had was created here. The cactus breakfast burrito... My roommate and I frequent this place as often as possible (hopefully at least twice a week for breakfast) for this said breakfast burrito. The horchata is also delicious. As a pairing, it makes any morning awesome.
I can only write about their Elote asada (corn) since that is what my friend had recommended me to try. And man it was good! The corn easily came right off the cob with each bite and the seasonings that came with it complemented the corn very well. My friend said that the corn is one of the only things worth getting here since their other food items didn't quite satisfy her taste. But the place was packed when I came and people seemed to have been enjoy their food and time at the restaurant. Next time I'm in Philly, I'll have to come back and try a few other things on their menu, but I highly recommend the corn ($3)! 
Parking wasn't also too bad since we found parking right across the street. When it does get crowded, seating can be limited. My party was fortunate enough to put together tables to accommodate all 7 of us.
Taco Riendo is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly. The food is authentic and delicious. 
One of my favorite items on the menu are the chicken quesadillas. A perfect portion with delicious sauces and even better with some of their hot sauce. The burritos are super tasty, not huge, which I find to be a problem at some other mexican restaurants. It's byob and the atmosphere is extremely relaxed and comfortable. Good nachos, and the corn is delicious. When you leave Taco Riendo you feel comfortably full, and not like you're about to go into a food coma, which inevitably happens to me at some lesser mexican places. 
I highly recommend coming here on Cinco de Mayo, last year they had corona and tequila complementary with food! All in all, it's a fantastic neighborhood restaurant that I find myself returning to frequently. 
Some reviewers seem unhappy with the "lack" of service, but thats missing the point in my opinion, it's a small taqueria with crazy good food and fair prices. I can't wait to keep trying new things on the menu....I've been eyeing up their tacos for my next visit.
Very good Mexican food.  Nice place to sit and eat.  Burritos and tacos are all very good.  Prices are about average.  I'm a fan of the shrimp burrito, which for about $8 is a good deal, as the shrimp are good quality.  I also like the fish tacos and the truck driver tacos.  The rice and beans are great and make an excellent side.

The Mexican coffee is a nice treat when they have it, as is the Aqua de Horchata.

One time I waited a really long time for my to-go order, and I got all worked up about it.  But the other thirty times I've been here the service has been pretty quick, so that was clearly an anomaly.
Enjoy counter service dinning at this "ol kensington" eatery.  

The food is pretty good, but I wish the portions were larger.  The Verde Enchiladas seems to be the most bang for your buck.  

Over all; the staff is friendly, its BYOB, and the food is good.  I'd defiantly recommend Taco Riendo to my friends.  

and remember.. .
La Salsa Hace La Diferencia!
Food is solid but they seriously need help in the kitchen. Waited 40 minutes with only a handful of other patrons in the restaurant and all I got was a burrito and a quesadilla to go. 

It's not cheap either.

For the time and cost, Que Chula es Puebla is far superior service, food is in par, and is just a couple blocks away.

Also, they only take cash but don't have an ATM (and nearest is a full block away).

I used to like this place but this insane wait has been the norm the last 3 times I've come, and it will be the last :(  I'm not paying top dollar to wait for almost an hour for food that should take 10 minutes.
Simply put:  terrible service and hit or miss food.  The girl working the counter had to be one of the rudest and least communicative cashiers/order takers that I've had to deal with in a while.  When we had a plate of beans that were stone cold, she argued with us, telling us they were hot.  After proving to her with her own sense of touch that she was wrong, she just walked away without a word.  Was she bringing more beans?  Did she just blow us off?  My wife then took the plate up to her at the counter and reiterated that the beans were cold.  This is when she tells us that she'll be bringing more.  That seemed like something she could have communicated the first time around.

The rice, whether served on a burrito or on the side, was completely blown out and mush.  Is it really that hard to make a new batch of rice?  Should a restaurant have some level of self respect and not serve such crap?

The Al Pastor in my burrito was pretty terrible, too.  Super fatty with huge chucks of gristle and cartilage.  Nothing like having to pull huge inedible chunks of meat out of your mouth while eating your dinner.  Yay!
An average neighborhood Mexican place. I prefer their veggie options over the non-veg. The salsas are hot and spicy so be careful. 

The chips were ok nothing great. Its been a hit or miss for me. Disliked the chicken tacos with cactus. Real bland tasting! The veggie burrito is decent. Overall probably the best Mexican joint in the neighborhood! They do get very busy during lunch hour and take unusually long! 

Cash only!
One word - AUTHENTIC. 
Two words - Delicious salsas. 
Expansive selection of tacos with Horchata and Jamaica beverages. Having lived in Arizona and traveled across Texas eating tacos...this is a great local spot. Eat in at this cozy spot...and remember to bring cash.
Good spot.  Although they skimp on the little veggies and packaging, when compared to the South Philly taquerias, the tacos themselves seem to be better made.  Not sure if it's a north/south of Market St. thing, as Jose's @ 10th and Buttonwood also seems to make them heartier.
Coming from living right near the Mexico boarder, it has been really difficult finding a decent Mexican joint in philly. Although this place didn't QUITE hit the spot, it was still as close to real as I could get. However, a bit pricey for a place that's almost fast food (order and clean up yourself). 

Al Pastor burrito: decent, but if i'm paying $10, i'd expect it to be bigger. I'm a 5'3 115 lb girl and yet I finished it NO PROBLEM. Guys would probably need 2 to fill up. 
Steak and cactus burrito: cactus tastes like salt. 
Corn: cheesy and buttery. yums. 


PS. BYO. although, horchata always goes well with mexican food!
Not that great. I live next door and went in to try it out. IT's byob so thats about the only upside. I had a variety of the tacos. The sauce was very good, but my pork was dry, the beef cheek was inedible, and for any fatty/juicy piece of beef or pork to be inedible for me means that its pretty bad. The burrtios looked really good though i will try that next time.

Side note: i was locked out of my apartment once and the chick at the register DIDNT LET ME USE THE PHONE. I offered to buy something, I offered money, I even asked in spanish. Como se dice... LAME
Came here based upon the reviews. Food was average overall, nothing special. Tried several different tacos, fish was bland, steak needed more flavor, shrimp tacos had a handful of tiny shrimp filled with rice.

Doubt I will be back but was ok for today...
After biking past here for years, I finally ventured in!  This little Mexican establishment is weird, ordering is done at a counter and the whole place has a cafeteria feel.  Charlie and I were out after a long day of work on the house, and this meal certainly hit the spot.

We ordered chips and salsa to start, and the salsa was a weak, watery excuse for salsa. Although it provided some good heat, it still left something to be desired.

I ordered a spicy shredded chicken burrito.  Overall, it was filling and quite tasty; my only compliant was that it was not spicy.  Charlie ordered the special: salmon tacos and enjoyed his meal as well.  Portion sizes are decent for the prices.

It's BYOB, they sell Mexican (real cane sugar) soda, they use fresh ingredients, and it's pretty cheap.  To be honest, there are a lot of spots similar, but that doesn't mean Taco Riendo isn't enjoyable.  The service seemed a bit slow though.

Bottom Line: If you want great Mexican food in fancy taco bell atmosphere, this is the spot.  The prices and quality make this a great spot, but I'd opt forgo dine in for to-go next time.
Since moving here from San Francisco I have been in serious withdrawl of authentic, mouth watering Mexican food that's cheap. It appears that Mexican food is somewhat of a delicacy here in Philly and I wouldn't mind paying $10 for a burrito if it gave me the same satiety as the ones in the Mission did. A veggie burrito in SF comes with avocado, most places costs about $6-$7 and half of it fills me up. Taco Riendo wants $3 to add avocado to a burrito that already costs $6 and the whole thing doesn't leave me full. 

Oh but the salsa...that salsa is something else. I even rationed it off so I could save some to put in the my eggs the next morning. Deliciouso. So, ok, it's cash only and it's not fulfilling, BUT every bite tastes good and this is not SF. This is also excellent if you don't want to pay $15 for a burrito at Las Cazuelas. My recommendation: go to Taco Riendo for free coronas on Cinco De Mayo, hence the .5.
I'm in the car heading to the port richmond thriftway for groceries..... and I'm thinking about how much I really don't feel like cooking for one and throwing out leftovers.
so I pull over and get out the phone for a taco search. Taco Riendo! I forgot all about wanting to find and try it, so today was the day.
I parked a couple blocks away and followed the scent. the streets were literally filled with the most delicious smell. When I step inside I see the whole grill is about a foot deep in pork, pineapple and onion. That was all the appetizer I needed.
One hiccup was that they told me they were out of chicken, but I think they just meant chicken for tacos? not sure, so I settled on the steak, not usually a choice I make in Mexican fair but I went for it and expected to be disappointed.
It was like taking a train to awesome town. I got take out and this was one of those rare occasions where the take out was fantastic and not sweaty or soggy.
totally worth it!
I actually feel kind of bad rating this place so low, because it does seem to be pretty authentic, and I feel like our experience easily could have been different (in a positive way).

The decor was great, nice and bright and cheery (in stark contrast to the landscape outside).  It was only the two of us and two other people in the place, but if there had been more people it probably would have seemed very crowded (they have a ton of tables and chairs packed into not such a big space).  

Everything started going downhill when we placed our order and were told that they didn't have guacamole "at this time".  This was pretty much a deal breaker for me.  In my book, a Mexican place being out of guacamole is like a burger joint being out of ketchup or an Italian place being out of pasta sauce.  

I got a vegetarian burrito, and my friend got the vegetarian tostadas.  The service was very fast (probably due to the place being almost empty).  The burrito was fine, but a little heavy on the rice rather than the beans.  I profoundly felt the absence of the guacamole.  We've never had tostadas before so I don't have any comparison, but we weren't too impressed.  They might have appealed to some people, but the pico de gallo on them was so spicy my friend couldn't eat them.  I like spicy food, and they were pretty spicy even for me.  We're not accustomed to very spicy pico de gallo--maybe this is an issue of authentic vs nonauthentic--but the menu definitely didn't make it seem like these were going to be as spicy as they were.
Went there for dinner tonight and all I can say is that this place BLOWS. Though the presentation of the food is good, it lacks major flavor. 

All tacos are served in a soft shell and they didn't have ground beef. My husband had the pulled beef tacos which he didn't care for, and I had the cheese quesadillas (mushy, not crispy) and house salad (good). We tried an order of the chicken soup which was pretty good but everything else was just, well..ya know.. MEH! 

Save yourself the trip and go to Qdoba (yes, I said Qdoba) or any other mexican joint in the city. I'm sure there are way better than this.
Flying fish tacos, Batman! This place is pretty good. 

No there isn't "flying fish" on the menu, but there is a damn good fish taco. I ordered two, because sometimes that's all you want. Next time, I think I'll be a bit more adventurous, because I know it will be good or, dare I say, better. All I know is I want to take a bath in that hot sauce they give you on the side.

Also, Jarritos is a great soda, and the tamarind flavor is tops.

My buddy got the mole platter, and he let me try the mole sauce and it was quite tasty.
Another solid mexican spot to add to the list in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties / Kensington area. 

This no frills restaurant is located on a quiet street in a somewhat safer looking area of Kensington.   You just order from the counter and they will bring you the food out to the restaurant area or the outdoor garden area to the right of the entrance. 

My wife and I went for breakfast and I had the chorizo, egg and cheese tacos while she had the huevos rancheros. The tacos were excellent!  Some of the best chorizo I've had since a trip to Barcelona a few years back.  Fresh homemade tortillas too. My wife was fairly impressed with the eggs and tortilla but she thought the beans and rice were pretty standard. 

Even though the chorizo alone was a 10, I give this a 4 as I haven't been enough times to form a proper opinion. I will be returning though!
Since my last review, I have very carefully gone to Taco Riendo once in awhile just to see if anything's changed (and because honestly, I missed the food!).. and lo and behold, the girl I described seems to have left. I think she had a baby and peaced out.. which makes me tentatively say this place gets 2 more stars.. working it's way back into my heart
I found this place when taking a shortcut on N 5th Street from Girard to Temple's campus. The curb appeal is what drew me to Yelp to see what this business was all about. After seeing some pictures and reading a few of their reviews I decided to bring my girlfriend there for dinner. 

They don't have a private lot. It's mostly street parking. However, it's in a rough area so be careful depending on the time of day. It is an order at the counter type of place. Also, it's cash only and I didn't see any ATMs nearby. Despite it being right around dinner time we were able to get a table immediately and place our order at the counter. 

We ordered the nachos and a few quesadillas. Sort of a light dinner. Everything was delicious. I definitely want to come back sometime soon to try some of their other dishes and maybe next time we'll take advantage of the BYOB.
on the awning outside "la salsa hace la difference"

it's true!  particularly the salsa verde.  but also, everything is so fresh and that makes a huge difference too.

large portions, small price.

been gradually going through the menu, have yet to get something I didn't like.

would order from this place constantly if they delivered... we were ordering que chula es puebla for a while because they delivered, but once we tried taco riendo we couldn't go back to the disgusting food que chula offers.

the only other place in Philly I've tried that compares to taco riendo is la taqueria veracruzana at washington and 9th.
One of the places my boyfriend and I visited before we left Philly. Taco Riendo is situated in a quiet neighborhood where parking was pretty easy to find. We were there for Sunday lunch and it was quite empty.

We ordered up a storm even though we had 2 cheesesteaks beforehand. The tacos were pretty good and made to order. I had the tongue taco and fish taco, both were just alright. The tongue lacked a bit of flavor and was just boiled, wished it was sauteed so it can bring out some flavor. The fish taco was massive, white meat fish with rice on a taco, really nice texture.

I would actually come here again because the atmosphere is great. It felt like 90+ degrees outside when I was there and it was so refreshing and cool inside which I really appreciate. Also, if you don't finish your drinks, they have styrofoam cups for you to use for "takeout".
After having lived in Mexico for a few months in High School, I know what authentic Mexican food tastes like. Taco Riendo is as authentic as it gets. Fresh ingredients, simple meals, filling but not grotesquely large portions, and plenty of the good stuff (not just fillers like rice) are trademarks of this little restaurant located in the Kensington area of Philly. Perhaps one of my favorite aspects about Taco Riendo is the atmosphere. It always smells delightful inside the little dining area (where you can watch your meal being prepared and cooked in an extremely clean kitchen), and the decor looks like it all comes straight from Mexico... no keetchy fake Mexican decorations. 

The prices are extremely reasonable, tacos are about 2-4$ for 2 soft tortillas and filling that ranges from the expected (chorizo) to the unique (white fish with pineapple and spicy salsa). And entrees range from about 6$-10$ at most.

My food recommendations are:
ENCHILADAS VERDES!!! These enchiladas are incredible. I have gotten them the last 5 times I have gone to TR. Moist chicken marinated and cooked in the salsa verde then rolled into corn tortillas and smothered in rich yet light and spicy green sauce and covered with cool "mexican cheese" which may be Oaxacan cheese. Side of herbed yellow rice and spicy blackbeans. AMAZING nom nom nom.

Chorizo Burrito: quite simply, stuffed to bursting with spicy sauteed peppers, onions, lettuce, tomato, beans, mexican rice, and plenty of chorizo. Dipping sauce is a smoky red salsa that definitely fires up your senses. So filling you might need to skip breakfast the next day ;)

I'm not sure what this one is called, but during the winter I always get a stew of pollo and calabasitas, basically chicken stew with zucchinni, potatoes, onion and a savory thick sauce that is both spicy and rich. incredible. Perfect comfort food to stave off frostbitten fingertips and the frozen nose  so characteristic of the windy Philly winters.

Y por fin, Mexican Coffee! No matter what time of year you must try this. Spicy and sweet and full of cinnamon and other unknowns this coffee is sure to delight. No cream needed... that would spoil the goodness. Be sure to ask the lovely lady at the cash register if they're brewing it before you leave. Sometimes they will even boil a pot up specially if you look desperate.

Oh! Almost forgot! This is a BYOB! So bring your brews and relax in this chill, friendly, freakin delicious environment.
I was not at all impressed with this restaurant. Maybe I'm spoiled from living in Texas for a few years and after visiting Mexico a few times. I thought the food was very bland. The chips were not fresh and the salsa was thin and insipid. I ordered the fish tacos which were just okay, they tasted no different or better than what I make at home.  The lady who took our order also had an attitude. I will definitely not go back.  So I'm still searching for a great casual Mexican or Texmex restaurant in Philadelphia minus the long wait and all the hype.
I generally think this place is ok but a $9 veggie bomb burrito that's almost totally just rice is so sad to me.  Two kinds of rice and that was pretty much it. No lettuce, tomatoes or salsa of any kind.  One tiny piece of an avocado and some tiny bits of a green bell pepper. No cheese, no sour cream, no guac. Super sad and def not enough for dinner. Def not BOMB. I will probably not come here again.
While it's rather unfair that I live down the street  I am moving soon, but as long as I have hands and/or feet I'll be coming (crawling) back to this taqueria. 

While its motto is "la salsa hace la diferencia," (the salsa makes the difference) it's simply okay; not bad by any means, but nothing worth writing home about. A bit watery (only in consistency) but perhaps that's just a personal preference. Their pico de gallo is what really shines and they even sell it to take home. The chorizo is also top-notch.

The nachos (tortillas) are made in house, as they should be, and are always a part of my order.  My favorite order is 'nachos especial' ($7) which is essentially loaded nachos with cilantro, pico de gallo, guacamole, cheese, pickled carrots and jalapeos. If I'm feeling like a bit more I'll get crumbled chorizo (+$3) on it as well. And if I found $20 on the ground, I'd get 'nachos Azteca' ($15), which has all the above plus breaded-and-shredded chicken and nopales (baby Prickly Pear Cactus) of which there are simply no words to describe.

Also if you're there and trying to get something else besides a taco, quesadilla, sopa, torta or any of the other million things definitely try the 'elote asado' ($2.5), or grilled corn. It's a bit on the spicy side but it's got some Mexican mayo and copious amounts of cheese, and you'd be hard-pressed to find it elsewhere.

If that's a bit too spicy for you run to the register and ask for 'horchata,' which is rice milk with cinnamon. So good it'll make you forget questions like: how do you milk rice? :)

They have specials not listed on the menu that change every so often but I've called before and ordered something that I thought was still a special,   but was gone from the menu, AND THEY MADE IT ANYWAY. Try it yourself, ask for a shredded chicken burrito or if you're feeling adventurous go native and say 'burrito de tinga'. 

The staff is always on-point and yes they understand 'spanglish' on the phone with zero ridicule. They also just added outside seating on this past year and it's really quite the space. It is also a BYOB which I was unaware of.

My only criticism and I feel bad even putting this on here is that for their tacos, the tortillas they use are just from a bag. I can walk to Girard Avenue and get the same brand tortilla they use in their tacos and it's not bad, just tasteless. And for a place where everything is so incredibly fresh and homemade, it was a slight surprise. Maybe it's a time constraint or the small kitchen, but it didn't go unnoticed. But who can complain when there's an entire face of the menu devoted to tacos?
CUTESTTTTT TACO JOINT EVERRRRR. Ahhhhh.

No seriously. I felt like I transported from 5th Street to a lively cantina in Mexico. The walls are a bright and colorful, with exposed brick and stonework and tall windows. Definitely one of the more stimulating decors I've seen in a neighborhood corner taqueria. 

I gotta say though, I don't think I loved the food. Liked it, didn't love it.  I will say, I'm totally sold on the fact that I can get a solid cup of horchata here, and any plethora of Mexican soda. My boyfriend really liked his steak burrito. I liked their sauce a lot, and their al pastor was flavorful too. Out of my tacos (al pastor, pescado, y pollo), that was my favorite. The chicken and fish were good and fresh, but a little dry. 

All in all, I'd give the food 3 stars but the decor to 5. It's a really fun environment for a quick, reasonable meal. 

Oh and it's BYOB......and I'll give you one guess what goes GREAT with agua fresca and is prone to causing a good time. 

Oh and.........it's cash only, so bring that green.
Food: The chicken cactus tacos were absolutely delicious. The green sauce that came with it didn't really add any flavor to it. Carne Asada tacos were good but the red sauce that came with it made it even better. It added a smoky taste to the tacos, Elote was just your basic corn on the cob with cojita cheese and tajin. I was expecting chipotle powder but it was still good. Horchata was actually really good. No powdery residue which indicates it was made in house instead of with powder.  
 
Service: I thought it was quite the wait to get our food even though there were like three tables there. I do understand we order a lot of food so that might be why. 

Ambiance: Even though the shop is small, I'd like to refer to it as cozy. There were enough tables for several groups but not one large group.
