tl;dr only those in-the-know will tell you that this food cart offers up the best Mexican food in West Philly

Tacos Don Memo is an unassuming food cart parked off 38th and Spruce on weekdays. But what it lacks in frills, Don Memo more than makes up for in its top-notch food. Unlike the Americanized Mexican food at either Chipotle or Qdoba, Don Memo sticks to a simple menu and high-quality fare. As a So-Cal native, I would personally attest to this food cart's authentic Mexican food being some of the best in Philadelphia.

Pick your protein (chicken, carnitas, or pastor) and spice level, then stick around while you wait for your order. I can't stress it enough, but the service here can get really slow since each dish is made-to-order.  During the lunch rush, it can take nearly an hour for food to be ready. But if you are willing / able to wait it out until after 2PM, then it will only take around 15 minutes for your fresh burrito to be prepared.

My go-to order is the Spicy Pastor (marinated pork) Burrito, which will run you $7. The burritos are surprisingly heavy, and they are filled with rice, beans, cheese, veggies (including avocado), sour cream, and sauce. Before being served, the whole burrito is placed back on the stove, ensuring that the filling stays warm and giving the tortilla a nice crunch. Even in the first bite, I am always blown away by the depth of flavor in the marinated meat and fresh veggies.  I think the hot sauce could be spicier, but may just be a preference. The only downside of the burrito-eating experience is that the final few bites descend into a saucy mess if you're not careful -- but if anything, this is a compliment to Don Memo's overstuffed burritos. If you haven't already checked Tacos Don Memo out, then put it on top of your to-do list.
Step 1: Create awesome food.
Step 2: Open food truck
Step 3: Become so popular that calling ahead is a necessity for delicious tortas.
Step 4: Profit
Step 5: Tell your customer that his/her order will be ready in 25 minutes when he/she calls it in.
Step 6: Wait until the customer arrives, then start making his order.
Step 7: Take 25 minutes to finish the order.
Step 8: Repeat steps 5 through 7 on multiple occasions.
Step 9: Read angry internet reviews about it being 50 minutes from order to consumption for a 7 dollar torta.
Step 10: downfall.

Not cool, guys.
FANTASTIC burrito. Wow..the chicken had so much flavor and the hot sauce was awesome! Huge portion (if it weren't so good that I couldn't stop eating it, it could have lasted two meals)! I wasn't as thrilled with the rice/beans (I thought it was a bit mushy) so I might request without next time. Although $7 may be a dollar or two higher than other "food cart" food, the freshness and awesome flavor was well worth it. I didn't taste any avocado so maybe I will request some next time...and there will be a next time, soon!

Note: The truck is now on Market between 33rd and 34th in front of the Drexel Law School and across the street from the Drexel gym!! They told me they are at this location for good.
This food truck is seriously tasty, but it's really hard to stop by here as a student with the long lines! It took around 35 minutes for my friend and I to get our orders, which seemed to be the average for other people in the line as well. So, realistically, not a good grab-and-go spot! That's the only reason I took one star off. There are only two guys working, after all. I will try calling in advance and perhaps will update my review then.  

And now for the food. I ordered a chicken burrito, and WOW. It was super fresh. All the flavors worked super well and the spicy sauce was actually pretty spicy (I'm a spice queen). I've actually never been able to finish half a burrito in one sitting, and this was the first time I literally SCARFED that thiccccc burrito down my throat in one sitting, despite the gradually growing pain from the spicy sauce. #worthit 

They definitely don't skimp on the avo and the chicken, and the ratios are pretty perfect. The sauce was quite oily though, but that's all good in the name of flavor. 

Hopefully I can find time soon to come back! The only caveat to this delicious food truck is the wait time.
Today, I had a strong craving for burritos, and my course was set. I didn't even have to think for a nano-second about any Mexican food imposters, aka Qdoba, Taco Bell.

Luckily, I ran into my friend, a loyal patron of Don Memo's, and was able to get the number to call in my order. Although rumored wait times of 45 minutes during lunch rush hour are not to be doubted, my 3 PM order for 3 burritos (I roped in my friends) took about 20 minutes.

It was possibly the best burrito I have ever eaten. Don Memo's burritos are bursting with flavor and freshness. Always prepared in front of you, the deliciously marinated steak, the freshly-cut slices of ripe avocado, the beans, tomatoes, and rice all combined together and wrapped in a toasted, warm flour tortilla is almost too much to ask for. I savored every bite for a good twenty minutes as I chomped through the humongous burrito. Washed down with a sweet bottle of pina soda (pineapple, like pina colada), I was quite content with my mid-afternoon meal.

Probably don't need to eat dinner later tonight was what I thought as I crumpled my napkin to throw it away. You could easily split one of these honking burritos with a friend and both end up satisfyingly full.

$6 for a burrito - choice of chicken, beef, pork. Other items on the menu also look delicious.

Highly, highly recommended and added to my food trucks list.
ZoMG!!! Tacos Don Memo is the bomb!

I lived in California for about 17 years of my life, visited many times when I did not live there, and have been to Mexico about a dozen times. I think I may just have found the Philly section of Mexico and it's packed into a small food stand that barely fits the two guys whipping out authentic goodness.

Prior to my experience in Mexico, PA, I had never waited more than 15 minutes for food from a street vendor. My wife and I waited a half hour. So, clearly, we were not the first to discover this Mexican oasis. But seriously, you wait that long for your order from a food stand and it better be good.

Yeah, they past the test, crumbled it up, and slam dunked it. I had a carnitas taco. Awesome. I had a chcken taco. Killer dude. And, I had a quesidilla. So tight.

The meat was seasoned and marinated so well it just tingled my tongue the right way. Each item was packed with toppings that made it better. Everything was fresh and so tasty, even the authentic taco shells.

Now an experienced Taco Don Memo customer, next time I will call ahead so I don't have to wait so long. You heard that right, this food stand takes phone orders to cut down the wait of those savvy enough to take advantage of this service.

Now, stop reading my review and go get you some Tacos Don Memo!
The tacos here are great! I haven't been here in a little while. They are hard to find sometimes. I have seen them at 3 different locations along 38th street. The tacos are as authentic as you can ask for. Corn tortilla, meat, onions, cilantro, hot sauce. Oh and you get a lime wedge. 3 tacos for $7.00 is a killer deal. They also have Mexican soda. There can be a bit of a wait depending on what time you go. Solid 4 stars for the food!!
There are really only two places to get good quality Mexican for lunch in West Philly.  And unless you're thinking about getting a french fry-filled burrito from MexiCali, there's no better place to go than Tacos Don Memo.  This small cart on 38th and Sansom serves up some of the best, if not THE best standard Mexican fare that won't go too hard on your wallet but will keep you full through your lunch hour and even into your afternoon classes.  But don't take my word for it: ask the hordes of UPenn students and Philly locals who can be found standing or sitting around the cart every weekday during lunch.

The menu is straightforward: tacos, burritos, tostadas, and tortas (a Mexican sandwich).  For meats they offer chicken, beef, carne asada, pork, and pastor, a spicier version of their marinated pork.  While the burritos, tostadas, and tortas are delicious, it's really all about the tacos.  Although they are priced slightly higher than competing trucks on Spruce, the extra cost is definitely reflected in the freshness of the ingredients and the quality of the food.  Each taco is double wrapped with two warm flour tortillas and topped with meat, onions, a sweet mango salsa, and cilantro.  Lime wedges are served on the side for added flavor.  Get three tacos al pastor and you'll understand why business is strong.

While you wait, you can run into the nearby 7-11 to grab the drink of your choice, or if you prefer, grab a Jarritos from the drink cooler below.  Additionally, the truck is right next door to Sugar Philly, making it really difficult to refuse one of their delicious macaroons to finish off your lunch.  If you're looking to save time, call in your order via phone and show up to the truck 15 minutes later.  You'll breeze through the line and make it in time to Managerial Accounting in Huntsman.
yes, this place is worth the line that can often have you sitting on the curb for up to an hour.  Some people call ahead but I never seem to get my act together for that.

GREAT tacos with all the right fresh stuff on them.  If you go vegetarian on their burritos or tostadas they usually give you $1 off.  This place is a significant cut above most Penn-area food carts.  Really nice guys who run it too, and they go the extra mile with lime and radish carefully wrapped in tinfoil on the side.  I have had their meat tacos (I am now a lapsed veggie) and they are good, though I really usually save my meat eating for places that use a spit.
Amazing burritos, and amazing prices (it's a food truck). 
Everything tastes fresh, the rice isn't all smushy, the beans are cooked just right (and these didn't come from a can my friends). I usually have the veggie burrito (5/5 stars), but I have had the chicken burrito too (5/5) I don't know how they get that smokey flavor into their chicken when they cook it in that shiny mobile kitchen of theirs, but they do, and my palate likes it. 
Avocado is always fresh, and if you want a true burrito experience, ask for some lemon on the side. And if you know Spanish, order in Spanish, they're very friendly. 
Finally, they get pretty busy at lunch time (12:30-1:30 approx) so be warned!
It's called TACOS Don Memo for a reason. There is little reason to get anything but tacos, which are by far the best, most authentic in they city. 

Well, their tortas are also sublime, but quite a kick in the calories. One chicken torta, and I'm not allowed to eat for the rest of the day, as it consists of a large crusty roll, seasoned fried chicken, avocado slices, jalapeno pickles, cheese, mayo, lettuce and tomato. The tacos are simple: just meat, onions, cilantro and salsa. Their burritos are not my favorite thing; I'd definitely stick to the torta and tacos.

You can order online at foodtrux. Also, if you go any time between 12pm and 1:30pm, be prepared to wait, or even to be turned away! Yes, this cart place does so well that they actually turn away customers. No taco for you! (Truly, they are much kinder than the soup Nazi.)
"Are your beans vegetarian?"
"Yes! Are you allergic to dairy?"
"No, but I don't eat it..."
"Ok, this salsa has some milk in it, so we won't use that."

I was in the mood for a burrito, it's been getting tougher to get a good veggie burrito in West Philly lately, with the departure of Mexicali. Luckily, Don Memo has one vegetarian option. It's not on the menu, but you can easily order a bean burrito which will run $6 ($1 cheaper than the meat varieties). So much burrito. I think it weighed about 10 pounds and somehow I managed to finish about 80% of it. I may pay for that later. 

My husband will have to avoid my face for the next 24 hours, because, wow, raw onions. But it was a tasty burrito, packed with plenty of homemade black beans, Mexican spiced rice, tomatoes, salsa, fresh avocados, cilantro, onions and lettuce. I asked them to hold the cheese and sour cream, to make it vegan. It was a tasty burrito. I'll be back, until Mexicali opens back up, anyway! Don Memo's menu is clearly for meat lovers, but it's a great option in the land of burrito chains.
For those who want a first-class taco from this lunch truck without the lines: go on a rainy day at 11:15am and maybe you'll be the only customer there, as I was today. 

1 steak taco to go with my leftover rice and beans and I was set.  These babies are stuffed so full of meat that 3 tacos is overkill.  The browned steak peppered with cilantro and onions and drizzled with lime was so flavorful, it put to shame my steak taco last night at Taqueria Veracruzana.  They were good, but lacked this intensity of flavor.  The spicy salsa was truly tangy and delicious - what a mouthful of food! 

I'll have to go back so I can taste the Al Pastor.
It's a wonder why it took me so long to finally have my first Tacos Don Memo, but no more wait! It is now firmly on my go-to lunch list. For my first legendary meal, I ordered three carnitas tacos, and boy did they make me glad I'm a carnivore. 

The meat was juicy, tender, and fresh. Every bite encouraged another, and then another. But the onions and cilantro were nothing to scoff at either. They really elevated the tacos to whole 'nother level.

I really do have to return to try the rest of the menu, the burrito and torta in particular. It should be interesting comparing the burrito with Mexicali down the street and Chipotle. Who will win the burrito war?
After spending hours looking for this food truck on at least 5 occasions over the course of a year, I have finally found it!

To the reviewer who pointed out the truck is at 38th and Arch St.: Thank you. I wish I had read your review sooner. 

I tried the tacos al pastor, which was very good. It was served with fresh corn tortillas, tender-nicely marinated pork, a topping made with fresh pineapples, and lime. (I got 3 for $7; they were very filling)

Unlike Honest Tom's tacos, the meat was not drenched in grease. These guys definitely know how to work the grill. Unlike Lucky's Mexican Spot food truck, Don Memo uses fresh, quality ingredients. Next time, I'll have to try their burritos. 

The service was friendly and efficient. The menu is straightforward and nicely laid out. They said they will move back to the original 38th and Sansom St. location at some point. I do not know when, but I really look forward to that day!
News flash: the new location (as of June 2013) is 38th St. between Walnut and Spruce. This is their new permanent location from now on. 

Also, there are no plans to reopen the restaurant for now. They'll wait 9-12 months before doing anything.
Had a taco al pastor which was delicious.  Chicken and steak tacos were good too, but not as good as the al pastor.  Meat is really flavourful, well-seasoned, grilled just right.

I want to try the carnitas and go back for more al pastor.
Well, I'll never eat at MexiPhilly again, that's for dang sure! My al pastor burrito more than made up for my terrible lunch date. I ended up making lunch AND dinner out of my burrito which was crammed with savory black beans, fluffy rice, avocado, lettuce, tomato and, of course, pork. I don't even really like pork! Just ask my mom about the faces I make if she makes pork chops. It's ugly. My lunch "date" had talked up the al pastor so much, though, that I took the plunge. 

A few things to know before you go:
- the wait can be lengthy so you might want to bring a folding chair
- it ain't as cheap as some other carts

The ingredients are really fresh and there is a whole lot of effort that goes into the preparation of your order. I don't know how they got everything in my burrito, but it stayed together down to the last bite. The owner even has a bricks and mortar shop up near the 69th street terminal and will bring in specials from the restaurant on occasion.
The Tacos Don Memo cart is now on 38th, just north of Spruce & it's one of the best food carts/trucks on campus.  Everything I've had al pastor is delicious (great torta, good burrito, taco).  Carnitas is tender.  Friendly service.
Expensive for a food truck.  Long wait for picking up food.

This is a decent way to get your taco or burrito fix, but be warned the wait is ridiculous on a regular lunch hour during the school year.  I've had their burritos and tacos.  Chicken, al pastor, carne asada.  My favorite is the al pastor burrito, but they usually run out of that meat by 2 or 3 pm.

This place is expensive considering it's a food truck.  At $7 for a burrito (or 3 tacos), it really rivals Chipotle and Qdoba in price.  But the wait here is 10 min longer at peak hour so that's why your paying $7.  Don't forget this is a truck so if it's cold or raining outside while you wait, then that's not fun.

Overall, this taco truck does a good job, but with these prices, I'd love to see a real competitor come up across the street and help drive down prices (and reduce the waiting time) for Mexican food around here.
If your dietary restrictions allow cow consumption and you don't like the beef torta here then I feel sorry for you and your joyless existence.
I come here way too often for my own good. 
There is a Chipotle and a Qdoba about 3 blocks away, but I'd rather go to Tacos Don Memo. That's got to say something about their food. The tacos are tasty! $3 for a taco ($7 i think if, you order 3 tacos). These guys really know how to wrap a burrito, it doesn't fall apart on you as you eat it. I think I might stop by again tomorrow....

Tip: They have business cards. Pick one up the next time you go and you can call in your orders ahead of time so you don't have to wait in the line.
This has become my go-to place for burritos in Philadelphia.  The line can be a bit long during the lunch rush, but it is always worth the wait.  The burritos are stuffed with meat, rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, sauces, and avocado but they stay together long enough to be eaten without a fork.  An al pastor (marinated pork) burrito and Jarritos (Mexican soda) runs around 9 dollars, which I feel is very fair for the quality.
1. Fresh
2. Flavorful
3. Filling

Consumed (In order of preference). 
1. Asada(Steak) Taco 
2. Chicken Taco
3. Pastor (Marinated Pork) Taco

*chose spicy when asked

I am pretty impressed by this truck. The food, service, and cleanliness were all great! The meat in the tacos were pretty fresh and well marinated. I asked for spicy, and while I didn't really find it spicy (and I only have so-so tolerance), it still complemented the flavor well! 

I ordered a little after peak lunchtime, so the wait was only about 10 minutes. Apparently, you can call ahead to reduce the wait time. 

The guys who run the truck are really friendly. Good service and friendly people are always a bonus!
If you ever lived in University City, you KNOW this is the best burrito and taco spot in the area. 

Even to this day whenever I visit University City, I HAVE to go and get myself Don Memos. The line for this food truck is unlike any other. I especially love the al pastor burrito. It's operated by two brothers / a family (I think) and they are ON TOP of their burritos and tacos -- they are the real deal! 

PRO TIP: 
1. Get their phone number and you can call ahead so you don't have to wait in line 

2. Need cash!!! ALL FOODTRUCKS ARE CASH!!
I am originally from New Mexico, and in my opinion Tacos Don Memo sells the best tacos in Philadelphia.

Now, this is a pretty small food truck, there can be a line (though you can get their number to make advance orders), and there is nowhere to sit near the truck. But I am not paying for ambience, I am paying for TACOS. And for $7, the three tacos I can get there are pretty amazing. They will do spicy or mild, they give you little lime wedges for the tacos, and the way they pack them up in individual paper plates ensures that the tacos will still be fresh and delicious even after a 10-minute walk back to, say, my office. My favorites are the al pastor and bistek tacos, but the others are good too. And their spicy is actually spicy, which is a joy on the east coast.

I've heard good things about the other menu items. But I could never pass up the tacos.
Favorite truck on campus by far! Authentic tacos! Super friendly service!

I have started a bit of a rivalry with my friends over which taco truck is best.. once they had this one, almost all of them agreed with me. They also don't charge extra for avocado or cheese like some other trucks might. Extremely nice guys. They also have good burritos but I usually go for the tacos.

This truck made my Penn experience so much better just cuz I could come by to stress eat on the days I needed them most.
this is the first mexican truck i've ever tried around Penn campus and it's...MORE THAN JUST AMAZING! 

They have a short but friendly and efficient menu which doesn't make people fear that they'll make wrong decisions. sweet! 
There are three options of meat: chicken, beef, and pork. Actually four, there're marinated pork and non-marinated pork. 
Three levels of spicy-ness: spicy, mild, and not spicy. I always go with spicy. wish they could have super spicy like magic carpet! 

I love everything on their menu. You can't go wrong. the only thing I'm not very fond of is that their tacos are not as good as Cucina Zapata's. the tortillas are a little bit too dry. but it's totally subjective and they definitely deserve 5 stars. 

DO expect a LINE at lunch time. I mean it.
This truck is very good.  The food easily annihilates all other similar establishments in the area that have more square footage.  The only noteable disadvantages to this lunch truck are:
1. The long wait(you should call and place your order ahead of time).
2. It is crowded so stay sharp when they call your order lest someone else takes the order meant for you.

I only had a chicken tostada and al pastor taco.  The taco beat the tostada.  I will probably update this review when I try some of their other items.  I heard that the burritos were amazing.
You can always count on Tacos Don Memo to serve up something extremely fresh, delicious, and safe. This is the one food truck I consistently rely on, and can eat for multiple days in a row. I haven't really tried more than the spicy chicken tacos, but even that warrants a 5 star rating. So glad they're at Penn during the weekday lunch rush! (You know a food truck is good when a lot of medical professionals make the trek over from CHOP and HUP to eat there).
I haven't had a taco this good since my trip to Playa del Carmen, Mexico!!!!!  Found this truck by accident. I was actually looking to grab a quick hotdog and lucked up to find Tacos Don Memo instead. I ordered a chicken taco and it was fantastic.Plus, the 2 guys working there were very nice, so I can see myself becoming a regular here.
What's with all these people who don't like don memos? I've eaten at thousands of Mexican places and this is a great one! It's probably the best in Philadelphia - the spicy Al Pastor, I personally haven't beat yet after having visited a great number of Philly spots. Yes the wait here is insane, but that's just another sign it's good! I can't make it out here regularly given the wait, but it's always a nice treat when you're a penn student and have been working too hard recently! Grab some friends and enjoy the wait. Or call in for pick up.
YESSSSS. These are the best burritos ever !!! 

Their spice levels are world-class. Anyone who knows they can handle spice should come here and try it out. Their mix of spicy and mild already leaves a burn-like tingle on the tongue. 

The way they cook and prepare everything results in a burrito that feels homemade, rather than dressed up and bulk-ified. Even their beans are cooked just right!

The line is never too long, and you can call ahead and have your order ready in less than 5 minutes for you to pick up.
Great burritos and a better choice over some of the corporate places in the area. Call ahead because the wait can be long around lunchtime.
Now it is on 38th street, south of the UPenn footbridge.
Tacos Don Memo, a food-cart located at the corner of 38th & Sansom, is hands-down the best Mexican Food on Penn's Campus. The cart sells four items: Burritos, Tacos, Tostadas and Tortas, as well as Mexican soda pop and traditional specialty drinks such as Horchata. At lunch time, you'll be lucky to wait less than half an hour, as Penn students are willing to wait in long lines for these delicious Mexican specialties. Frequent patrons who have earned the trust of Don Memo enjoy the privilege of calling in their order and skipping the line!
Great burritos and tacos, which blow away anything in town.  Agree with Justin K that the only flaw is that it takes very long due to the long lines.  Call in your order so you don't have to wait 20 minutes.
I started going to Tacos Don Memo right after graduation a few years ago when I was living in Hamilton Court.  I'm pretty sure it had just opened at the time because it did not have the following it has now.  Whenever I have the opportunity to be on campus I try to stop by.

My favorite order is the torta, although you can't go wrong with the burritos or tacos either.  The torta is like a delicious Mexican hoagie.  They stuff the bread with lettuce, tomato, avocado, cilantro, pickles, cheese, and whichever meat you choose, plus some sour cream.  The chicken is a great choice.  The bread they use is perfect, and it holds all the ingredients really well.  Everything is fresh and flavorful.  

Expect a wait if you go at peak lunch times.  Last time I was there at about 12:15, waited about 15 minutes, longer than at other trucks, but well worth the wait.
Whenever I write a Yelp review I take a minute to relive my experience at the establishment I am reviewing. As I do that now for Don Memo's, I realize that my mouth has begun to water just from thinking about the mind-blowing torta that I had there. In fact, if they were open now, I would consider getting in the car and driving down to U. City just get one - that's how good they are.

The torta, a Mexican sandwich, includes breaded chicken breasts, avocado slides, pickled jalapenos, and all kinds of other delicious stuff. The cost of this masterpiece? $5. Don't feel like something quite so heavy? Try the tacos. They come with lime wedges to be squeezed on the tacos, giving them a fresh, vibrant feel. $2 each!

The line can be a little long at lunchtime (as with all of the good carts), but it is totally worth it.
As a huge huge fan of the late Don Memos Restaurant (RIP you will forever live in infamy) Tacos Don Memo Cart is a just a given. 

This truck is by far one of the better ones in West Philly.  As far as Mexican Trucks go it is head and shoulders above the rest.  When I go I order tacos.  My favorite is to get three as it is the perfect amount of food and provides a really nice mix as I enjoy getting a beef, chicken and pork trifecta.  In true Mexican form, I always make it a point to finish the meal off with a nice grapefruit jarritos.  On a few occasions I've ventured into the burrito realm and felt so satiated I thought I was going to die- those things are for real.  Tacos Don Memos is a little bit more expensive than Mexi-Philly and other competitors but you get a much larger portion.  When push comes to shove though, it's the green sauce (a running salsa) that keeps me coming back.  That stuff is the best.  If you know then you know! 

Please reopen your restaurant, moms...  I miss you guys! :(
Hurray for taco trucks! 5 stars may seem a bit steep for a restaurant that could easily be converted into a horse trailer (and may well have begun its career as such), but to truly enjoy the University City food truck experience, you have to overlook trivialities like this. Just eat your tacos (or burrito), 'cause, seriously, they're quite scrumptious. Be sure to give yourself ample time, as delicious takes a while when it's done right.
I get the spicy veggie burrito here ...it's the most amazing burrito you'll ever eat...the spicy sauce they put on is homemade and it has an amazing kick to it...you can't get this from chipotle...only thing is it's huge...so if your getting this for lunch make sure to skip breakfast n dinner...the guys on the truck are always smiley and friendly ... this is as good as it gets!
Hands down the best tacos in West Philly. Ask for everything SPICY! Friendly courteous staff, always seem to remember you. Cheap inexpensive tacos, big tasty burritos, tortas are great!  $8 for 3 tacos fills you up! Love these Guys! (And the cater to the non meat eaters...) #PhillyTacoTour
During lunch, I prefer not to make a five-block trek in 90ยบ, 100% humidity weather to get my grub. Today, however, a persistent coworker somehow convinced me to make the journey up to 38th for one of Tacos Don Memo's burritos al pastor.

First things first. I'm not usually into burritos. I usually find them too bland or too dry...or just too fluffed up with junk lettuce. I'm much more of a tacos dude. So far I've only taken two bites of this burrito and am already certain that this is the best burrito I've ever had. It took a long time to prepare, but watching them prepare every ingredient from scratch was mesmerizing.
This place has the best tacos and burritos I've tasted on the east coast. I'm originally from Cali and tacos don memo take me back home.  They have 4 items there (see the post  below) but I've also been able to get super nachos there. Everything there is pretty good, but my favorites are the carne asada tacos and the chicken burrito. I get both with the spicy hot sauce. The use fresh ingredients and everything is made to order. I'd avoid going around lunch time since the line can be terrible. You're usually pretty safe after 2pm.
I personally have only gotten the chicken burrito, but I love it so much that I am scared to try anything else. I usually get medium spicy, because it tastes better than the hottest level. They also put their burritos back on the grill after they wrap them which make the burritos almost 10x better. My Puerto Rican roommate has said that the truck is closer to any authentic Mexican food than any other place in University City, so make of that what you will.

I have also heard their tacos are delicious and hopefully I will be able to get them next time I go.

Pro Tip: Call ahead at their listed number. The wait can take quite a long time (more than 20 minutes) if you order in person. 

TLDR: a little expensive for Penn food trucks, but definitely less expensive than the food trucks on Market Street.
The burrito is decent but the service absolutely stinks. You always have to call ahead otherwise you'll be waiting more than an hour. Even if you call ahead, these guys take longer than a Michelin Star restaurant to get you your burrito. They're extremely snarky and don't show any sort of apologetic behavior despite the wait. Furthermore, I feel discriminated against - Spanish speakers get their food much faster. Went here for a while because it was convenient but it's simply not worth the hassle.
Yes.  The Burritos are extremely amazing.  

Chipotle, Q'Doba...you guys are doing it all wrong.  Despite your consumer surveys, taste tests, and gargantuan budgets, you are being beat out by a small truck who's length is comparable to the wingspan of a wild turkey.  

The fresh cilantro puts this burrito in the winner's circle for "my favorite burrito in the city."  The beef is well-seasoned and tender.

As a bonus, the workers here were listening to Mago de Os when I came by, indicating awesome music taste.
Food: 4.75 Out of 5
Burrito was perfectly executed. Enough said.

Service: 4 out 5
Unfortunately because of the size of the trailer we put in our order and had to wait 45 minutes to get our burrito.

Environment: N/A 

Overall: 4.75 Out of 5
This burrito was nostalgic. I thought every piece of item in this burrito was made with time and care. Brought me back to the burritos I would get at the local taquerias in CA.
Delicious!  I had the chicken burrito.  Everything tasted very fresh and the portions were generous.  I love that most menu items come with avocado and cojita cheese!  My burrito was meticulously put together. My only complaint is the tortilla - it tastes store bought and took away from the deliciousness of the ingredients inside.    

Note: I went around 1:30 and there was no line and I waited about five minutes for my burrito so I definitely recommend going during non peak lunch hours.
When I saw the constructions workers waiting for their food, I knew I came to the right place.  

Like my friend Jessica, I am also from SoCal, so I can spot a poser a taco stand away.  I like my tacos cheap and tasty, and I was not disappointed.  At $2 a taco (and bigger than a coaster!) these are some of the best tacos I've had on the east coast.  The meats are juicy and flavorful, which is actually somewhat uncommon among even good taco trucks.  I think the chicken may have even out-flavored the pork here.  The tacos come with onion, cilantro, (hot) sauce, and a side of lime.  A taco this good doesn't need anything else.  

Pre-order by phone - it'll save you a good 15 minutes!
Well worth the search for Don Memo's food truck - now on Filibert and 38th. We had the burritos of al pastor. The meat has great flavor and the portions are big. Good value at $7 a burrito and you can get Mexican coca cola in a glass bottle - the cream of the crop of sodas. I recommend this food truck if you're in the area - great Mexican fast food treat.
Most importantly - vegetarian friendly!!

Their vegetarian burrito is the best I've ever eaten. And I'm generally just very happy that they sell one. I prefer it without rice, but thats just me.

Beware: there is usually a long queue here around noon, everyday!! It can take up to 20 minutes to get your burrito if you've had the misfortune of having 6 or 7 orders ahead of you. 

The two guys there are both friendly.
There have been few times in my history with food that I've happily raised my gastronomic white flag in defeat. It only happens when my poor stomach just can't take any more, even when my taste buds are just getting started. It took me half an hour to recover from the feeling that if I moved even a centimeter, I was going to get half-digested burrito all over my brother's new carpet. He's hoping to get his security deposit back; I'm just hoping for mobility. I'm still looking at half of my burrito, standing on its end, staring me down, as if to say, "Yeah, I knew you couldn't finish me, you tourist punk. Go back to Chipotle where you belong."

But seriously. From my first bite, I got it. Thank Yeshua for Yelp, otherwise I never would have known about this completely unsuspecting cart that doesn't fit more than two people in it at a time. They're the friendliest two people I've encountered since getting here last Saturday -- are all behind-the-counter workers here rude as a rule, or have I just been super unlucky? It made me wish I'd spoken Spanish more with my dad as a kid so that I could get in their good graces. Anyway, I must've waited about 5 minutes tops for my burrito. I'm still deciding whether it's a good or very, very bad thing that this place is a block from where I am. I handed my brother (who, it should be noted, eats literally nothing but peanut butter sandwiches and thus has no reference point for burrito weights) my burrito when I got in, and the first thing out of his mouth was, "How much did you pay for this?" Six dollars exactly for a burrito that must cost them at least eight dollars. He also asked if it was the kind of thing I could re-heat, because it must've been at least three meals.

I should've listened to him and stretched it out, but my mouth got too greedy. This is everything a burrito should be. It's like I was asleep, and today, I woke up and tasted a bu-rri-TO for the first time. I can't comment on the spicy sauce because I'm a pansy, but I have no doubt it's out of this world. The whole is definitely greater than the sum of its parts, but those aren't anything to take lightly, either. Fresh, fresh vegetables, perfectly cooked rice full of flavor, and the steak? There's something about the way Latin folks cook meat that just cannot be beat by anyone, anywhere.

Pity I can't take this place back with me to Athens. I think the greater pity is that my brother can't appreciate this place when he's so freaking close. If you can get here and enjoy the food, do it as much as possible, and I'll live vicariously through you.

P.S. Evidently you can order online at http://www.foodtrux.com, but I didn't try it, so I can't comment on it. However, unless it's peak eating time, I would just go and watch your creation being made by these artisans.
3.0 stars

After reading much about this much vaunted food truck and its wares, I was curious to see how it stacked up against other places I've visited. I ordered a spicy pork burrito, since there seemed to be a lot of good things mentioned about it. The wait itself wasn't too bad, maybe 10 minutes or so. The burrito came out piping hot. I carried it back and proceeded to dive in. The spices were nice and hot, just like I like it. There was also some fresh cilantro and I believe some lime thrown in. The pork was allright, but it didn't taste like it had been marinated or seasoned at all. Also there was a vein in at least one of my bites, which makes me question thequality of their pork meat.  The rice was a little overcooked and chewy/hard in spots. The black beans were decent.

Overall I enjoyed the taste of the burrito, although that vein and some crunchy rice in one part of the burrito kept me from rating it any higher.
I"ll try the tacos next time and see if they are any better.
This is possibly my favorite place to eat. Not just in University City. I'm talking all of Philly. My friends and I have had a running game all summer to see who could eat at The Don (as we like to call it) the most days in a row. I made it to 3 weeks, 5 days a week, but that wasn't enough to topple the streak of 20 my roommate stacked up at the beginning of summer. 

The lines are long, but if you call it in and take care of errands, it's no problem. The burritos are pretty huge; you'll probably eat it in two sittings on an average day, although it's definitely possible to scarf it down when hungry. I've been on a taco binge recently- in fact i just ordered 2 chicken and 1 beef taco, spicy no onions.

The tostada is like having the burrito in a hard shell; it's great pairing 1 tostada with 2 tacos for a filling meal. 

The torta is the one item wholly different from the rest, with milanesa, avocado, jalapenos, carrots, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and some beans rounding out this delicious sandwhich. There is none of The Don's hot sauce on this one, though, so it has a different taste than the other items.

I'm getting hungry thinking about this place. Gonna go pick up my tacos now.
Best burrito! And almost enough food for two people (depending on how hungry you are). Normally mexi-food isn't my big thing but this truck serves fresh, delicious and none greasy food. YUM!
best food truck around upenn campus, and my favorite burritos in philadelphia. the long lines represent the representativeness of my opinion. 

i'm vegetarian, and though i think their stuff is distinctively meaty-tasting, it's great. veggie stuff is typically $1 less than meat counterparts, and you can get veggie burrito w/ avocado, veggies, beans, and rice with some amazing sauces for $5. also, veggie tostadas are excellent, though quite simple.
Sad....sad to think that I could have more or less authentic tacos. 

Really nice fellow working there, he even told me the story about his family having a restaurant on 60th street and how they are working hard to have a restaurant again. 

Unfortunately the tacos where pretty bad and the place lacks basic things to make it happen, he would need to have a much better execution and procedures. Wish him the best and hope that my practically invisible review could help him in some way.
Can't go wrong with the burritos here. I alternate between al pastor and carnitas each time because I can't decide which one is my favorite! Delicious and filling. The wait is a little longer than some food trucks, but it's because everything is freshly made to order.
Burrito Friday forever! 
My work buddies and I order from Tacos Don Memo every Friday, and I seriously do think all morning about getting my veggie burrito. It is..just...so....damn...good!
Definitely consider calling ahead if you can. 
And  with the dessert truck next door, I might as well call if Fat Pants Friday from now on.
This is a damn good burrito. You factor in the seven dollar price tag; I'm not sure how it loses
My go-to dish is the mild chicken burrito. The wait is long so I recommend calling at least thirty minutes ahead. But the burrito is so filling and hearty. I love how everything is favored because a lot of burritos from food trucks tend to lack flavorful meat. But this truck gets it done. Also, adding avocado is a big plus in my book. However, the service isn't very good. The guy at the truck doesn't exactly seem pleased to have you as a customer. If they worked on that, everything about would be perfect.
I got 2 tacos ($2 each!), the spicy pork and chicken. So much flavor, and the meat's perfectly cooked and juicy mmm.. I've had the burritos too and they're damn good. And huge. I prefer the tacos for variety though!

The wait is annoying though, but you can order in advance by phone.
FRIGGIN FANTASTIC & SCRUMPTIOUS!

Menu is simple and straight forward

Burritos are killer and you def get a HUGE PORTION! ($6 each)

Tacos are the best! (chicken, steak, pork, and spicy pork) $2 each
 - tacos come with onions and cilantro

I recommend getting them SPICY!!!

Everything is made right there on the SPOT and it smells so darn good yo!

I've gone probably 4 times in the past month since I found this place!

Try to get there before 4pm.  Last time I got there around 415 as they were leaving!  lol
This is some of the best food in the whole city. Not just compared to other carts, but real restaurants, too.

Everything here is completely fresh -- the owner of the cart, Leo, buys groceries twice a week and you can see him chopping onions, pineapples and limes every morning, and they slice avocado as needed with each order.

You can't really go wrong with the menu. All the meats are good but special mention should be reserved for the al pastor (spicy pork), which is seasoned and marinated in a blend of spices. And although the burritos are easily the best on Penn's campus, they're not even the strongest item at the cart. Both the torta (mexican sandwich) and tacos are better, the latter being as good as I've had anywhere, including Mexico. The spicy sauce is also delicious, and manages to have a good kick without sacrificing flavor. There's also a mild sauce for the fainter of heart.

My recommendation? Get the tacos if you get al pastor meat, because it really shines in the no-frills setting of tortilla, onions and cilantro. Otherwise get the torta or burrito. The tostadas are delicious as well, but unless you have a craving I don't see the point when the other options are so much better.

Word to the wise: Avoid between 11:30 and 1:30 if you're in a rush. Personally, I like sitting out on a nice day and waiting 30 minutes for my food. Also, they tend to run out of al pastor at around 3pm.
Probably my favorite food truck/card on Penn's campus! I always get things mild (I'm weak) with chicken, so my review will only reflect that. Some ordering tips: you can choose sauce spice levels (mild, medium, or spicy) and meat (chicken, pork carnitas, or pork al pastor), and ask to leave out any ingredients.

When I'm not too hungry or need a quick bite, I usually opt for 2 tacos (though you can do the 3-taco deal for a bigger meal). They're deceptively simple and light, just your choice of marinated meat with cilantro and onions, each wrapped with two corn tortillas, but this really lets the fresh flavors shine! As a bonus, the tacos are also served with lime wedges, giving you the option to add some zest. 

My regular order for when I'm more hungry (and arguably Tacos Don Memo's claim to fame despite its name) is the burrito! It is a BIG boi stuffed with meat, rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, onions, avocado, cheese, and cilantro, and they even toast the flour tortilla to keep it closed and give it a nice crisp. These are so flavorful and filling without being sickening that I can eat the whole thing, and I have a pretty small appetite. The use of fresh, unprocessed ingredients with only a light yet savory sauce (no heavy quesos here) really sets this apart.

This place is a tad more expensive than other food trucks (but cheaper and better than Chipotle and Qdoba!), and it also takes quite a while to get your food (burritos more than tacos), so it's not quite a grab-and-go kind of place. I usually go when I'm done with class and call ahead to cut down the wait a bit. Still, it's worth it to get some of the best Mexican food around!
I honestly don't understand how these people turn a profit. Their two dollar taco - an orgasm of cilantro and pork or steak in your mouth - easily has four dollars worth of ingredients in it. And don't get me started on the tortas, which could feed a small family for a week.
Slow but delicious. Also note new location on 38 between locust and spruce 

I got one of each taco (very happy they let me do this). They were all very tasty- get them with a little spice. The pork was my favorite
This is one of the best food trucks on Penn's campus, hands-down! This is a much better (and cheaper) alternative to Chipotle or Qdoba and serves up delicious, handmade burritos, tortas, quesadillas, and tacos. Personally, I am partial to their chicken burrito, which is juicy and tender. The food tastes authentic and you know it is fresh made to order. They are always able to manage a crowd, and the truck is run by the most friendly group of people. 

Go after the noon lunch rush to skip the crowds, and have a delicious, filling, and cheap lunch. Ask for "caliente" if you want their spicy sauce. Highly recommend to anyone that likes Mexican food.
The best Mexican in Philly. Period.  Even the Don Memo's restaurant doesn't quite compare, which makes absolutely no sense. 

I know there'll be a long line, but just get in it and prepare yourself for cheap, delicious Mexican food that will bring you right back to that one Spring Break down in Acapulco.
I was actually pretty disappointed by the tacos here, but HOLY CRAP the torta is just all kinds of incredible. I recommend it with either chicken or al pastor. They put real avocado in it (I saw the dude slicing them with my own eyes). If you want a sweet element in your sandwich, you can even request pineapple--no extra charge!

The line gets really long and the wait is even longer, so get here either an early or late lunch, or call ahead of time.
This place has a three item menu: burritos, tacos, and tortas. That's it. Nonetheless, through simplicity, they have managed to achieve operational excellence! Three guys working in parallel! Ultra-fast production and fresh taste. These are really authenically made, and not Taco Bell tex-mex style. All in all, tasty and a good value.
I can't believe I'm giving a food truck star ratings, but Don Memo's has amazingly flavorful burritos for less than the nauseating Chipotle-Qdoba price.  Basically, picture your ideal burrito and you've got Memo's: big, stuffed with quality ingredients, and cooked with flavor. Plus, you can call and order ahead for pickup. Yum.
Solid burrito ($6) the size of a premature infant.  Nice touch of warming up the tortilla.  No line when we went at 1 pm on a Thursday, but at least 2-3 people came by while we were there to pick up orders that they'd phoned in.  He had chicken and I had steak.  Great place for a first date or maybe a Valentine's Day lunch.
Update: as of Dec 2014, I think Don Memo may be under new management -- not sure what that means for their burritos yet!

*****************

There's just something that makes Don Memo burritos delicious, although I'm not sure exactly what. They're lightly toasted on the outside, and the tortilla is soft and slightly chewy. The avocado they use is sliced right in front of your eyes. The cilantro is fresh, which gives the burritos a nice zest, and the meat, whether you order steak or chicken, is shaved thin and cooked to order, with just a touch of Mexican spice, a slightly crispy texture, and a pleasant... smokiness? Top that off with their special sauce and rice, and it just all comes together. The flavor is really unique; I've sampled many burritos in the University City area, and there isn't any other one that tastes like a Don Memo burrito. There may be a bit of a wait during the lunch rush, and the guy often doesn't seem like he's in a real hurry to make your burrito, but usually it's worth the wait. If you're really in a rush though, go to Taco Bell.
After finally getting my al pastor burrito and my coke made with real sugar, I added a fourth star to my review. 

Tacos Don Memo is definitely one of the best burritos in town. The ingredients are super fresh and they prepare it so meticulously. Don't believe me? Just look at the way they wrap your burrito up. It's like they are folding origami. 

No 5th star because they tend to run out of certain ingredients and the service is slow when packed. But you sacrifice time for quality.
Being from SF and moving to philly for graduate school meant that in all likelihood my mexican food fix was going to go from spoiled to starving.  But early on I found Tacos Don Memo, which is hands down, the BEST burritos in philly.  I cannot think of a single thing I have tried that I did not like. But I have to admit their Torta's are out of this world.  The right mix of meat and beans and fixings with the bread toasted just right so it doesn't get soggy.  Be sure to also check out their Restaurant in upper darby as well for super fresh guacamole and and other magnificent items such as their chicken mole.
$7 for a delicious burrito? Awesome.

They just taste like they're made with more love and authenticity than the food from Qdoba or Chipotle around the corner. Super long lines during the lunch rush though, so keep that in mind if you need to be somewhere. Otherwise, a solid option as a food truck on Penn's campus.
Really delicious burritos and tacos. Wait time can be a little long, but definitely best Mexican Food on UPenn's campus!
My favorite burrito in university city! All burritos come with avocado, and their sauces are fantastic. My favorite is the carnitas burrito; it's lit. Only recommendation is get there before noon, or be prepared to wait- it's definitely one of the most popular trucks by Penn and the line can be extremely long (with good reason).
i order the spicy steak burrito with no onions every time, and am never disappointed. best burrito in philly, and probably better than 90% of the burritos i've had in cali (which is a lot of burritos). it's the extra grilling at the end that really puts this burrito over the edge.

i eat one of these and don't eat for the rest of the day. why bother? it's only downhill from there.

do yourself a favor and save the # on your phone and order 30 min ahead of time. most precious # in my blackberry.
I visit them when they're at the Clark Park farmer's market, and after 6 years they're still amazing.

-Pastor burrito is my personal favorite. Meat is crispy and they seal the burrito on the flat top, making the cheese inside nice and melted

-one of the few places that doesn't charge extra for avocado (included in all their burritos)

-spicy sauce adds amazing flavor

-Wait time at he farmer's market is kind of long, so get their early. Place your order before you do all your shopping and it'll be ready by the time their done. I'd wait two hours if I had to. It's worth it! 

-For $7, you'll want to visit them more often than Honest Tom's or Chipotle
The burritos and tacos at Tacos Don Memo are good, very good. They are flavorful and light in a way that is hard to describe... The burrito feels like it is about 6 pounds when you are carrying it home, but when you bite into it it turns out to be much less dense than expected... Of course, it winds up weighing down your stomach later, but that is an expected cost of eating a giant burrito from a food truck.

They also sell Mexican Coke (i.e., glass bottle, sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup), which is pretty awesome, even if I can't really taste the difference.

The worst thing about Tacos Don Memo is the wait. It is really, really awful, and calling ahead doesn't help. The first time I went, without calling ahead or anything, it took about 35 minutes to get our food. The second time, we called ahead, they told us to show up in 25 minutes, we arrived in 30... And it still took 35 minutes to get our food. Both visits were around the same time on weekdays, and it doesn't seem to be a particularly unique phenomenon... During my 70 minutes of waiting in front of the little truck I have observed numerous people say they called in orders only be to forced to wait around for 10, 20, 30 minutes.

BOTTOM LINE: The wait sucks--like really sucks--but the food is good. Count it.
A great alternative to Chipotle and Mexicali, especially if you're on the southern side of campus (it's actually under the 38th St Bridge, not on 3800 Sansom) -- not that our campus is particularly sizable anyway. I actually came here a weekday at 1:30, and there was surprisingly no line. Had my burrito within 10 minutes.

For $7 you can have a great burrito with avocado in it (take that, Chipotle!). But I wish the al pastor and mild sauce were more flavorful so you could really taste them in each bite; I think the yellow rice covered it up a bit. Otherwise, a decent number of ingredients and just enough for one sitting!

Plus they have $1.50 Mexican coke. Haven't seen bottles that cheap in a while...
tacos al pastor; actually anything with al pastor in it.  Authentic mexican tacos with no bells and whistles.
Their al pastor burrito is amazing. AMAZING!!!! I always order spicy one. Huge portion enough for 2 meals for women. Only $8!!!
I'm falling into food coma as I write this after my chicken burrito from Taco Don Memo. Stuffed to the brim with lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, cheese, rice, beans and fresh avocados! Two guys man this food truck (one donning a chef jacket and hat, super adorable and professional) and unfortunately there is always a line during lunch. Everything is super fresh and made on the spot (chipotle around the corner doesn't even compare). I love that they accommodate you since i cannot eat cilantro. 

Stick with the spicy. Be aware that the portion is enormous. Avoid eating in one sitting. 

Today they also ran out of change and gave me $13 in one dollar bills. Not a big deal but just don't forget your cash.
Don Memo's is hands down the #1 best food truck in University City if not the entire city of Philadelphia. The food is bangin' with flavor in every bite that is second to none. 

My partner and I ordered 3 tacos al pastor and one torta both of which were medium spice. Tacos al pastor are my all time favorite Mexican food and Don Memo's nailed this one. They tasted exactly like the tacos I had in Mexico City. As for the torta, I was so pleasantly surprised by how rich the chicken was and how the flavors came together perfectly. I'm drooling just thinking about it 

If you're in U-City GO TO DON MEMO's.

100/10 will be back again 

Tips & Notes:
- Call ahead. This is a must if you do not want to wait 30 minutes outside of the truck.
This has got to be the tastiest food truck on University City. Stumpy delicious burritos, tacos, tortas, tostadas and quesadillas that come with a choice of pollo, pastor or carnitas. On some days if you're lucky, there may be a choice of carne asada.

I've tried almost everything on the menu but I always gravitate to the classic carnitas burrito. Can't go wrong with juicy and moist meat, fresh slices of avocado, mmm mmm.
Ordered in person during lunch break and was not informed it would take 45 minutes (after waiting 15 minutes to order). 30 minutes in, we had to leave to get back to work and they informed us it was still another 15 minutes so we had to cancel and grab something at wawa, walk to work and eat our lunch as we rushed back to work. They need to inform people when ordering that it is going to take that long to get the food so that we could plan, get something else, and know that next time we will have to call ahead vs leaving us hanging with nothing.

Not everyone reads Yelp reviews before going somewhere and in the event they have not (like us just passing by), we need to know that it is going to take that long.
I'm simply amazed by some of the complaints about this cart. Be glad that they even take your phone-in order at all because most trucks don't do that! Also, you have two feet, so if you don't want to wait, go elsewhere... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! That way the line will be shorter for me so I can get my order faster. I've tried the tacos, torta, quesadilla, and burrito here with all different meats. The pastor is my favorite, followed by the carnitas, and the chicken. The steak was a little tough for my standards. The seasoned rice is awesome.  The beans are good. The fresh avocado is great (YES, FRESH AVOCADO!!!!). The lettuce is fresh. The spicy sauce, a red pepper flecked yellow-orange sauce, is very good. It's like spicy sex in your mouth. Don't think Tex-Mex. This is not Qdoba. It's authentic' Mexican and is run by two Mexican dudes who are pretty friendly (I think moreso to girls than guys). The portion size is huge. You will gain 2 pounds if you finish the burrito so save half for dinner. The selection of Mexican sodas sure beats everyone else's Coke and Pepsi product offerings. I love the Jarritos Tamarind and Mandarin Orange sodas. They even have Coke in glass bottles. My big dilemma is thinking about where they store all of the pre-prepared meat. The cart is not that big! Oh, please don't tell me. I don't want to know... Other burrito carts make Tex-Mex burritos which are okay but not like this. If I wasn't such a lazy ass, I'd go here almost every day, but it's 5 blocks away from where I work. I love Don Memo!!!!
