No, for once this was not a restaurant we found on Yelp!  Since our hotel was a block away from Chinatown, my 11 year insisted on finding a restaurant on his own by just wandering the streets. It was like a game and yes, very old school!  We stumbled into Tai Lake, attracted by the fish in the front foyer.  Well, I would not say we were attracted to all of the seafood. There was bass, huge crabs, lobsters, and frogs. Yes, frogs!

No, we did not order the frogs.  As a matter of fact, considering we were in a seafood restaurant, we hardly ordered any seafood at all!  We started with dim sum. There is not much dim sum on the menu so this is not the Chinatown spot I would go to if that is what you are looking for. The Pan Fried Dumplings were very large and good.  The Steamed Shrimp Dumplings were excellent!  The Crispy Seafood Rolls were not a table favorite. There was some funky seafood inside as well as a mayonnaise like sauce. Yuck!

We ordered a variety of mains and they were all good. We got a large Peking Duck. The duck was tasty and the skin crispy, just the way it should be!  With the hoisin sauce, greens, and buns, they made tasty little sandwiches. My favorite dish of the night was Stuffed Eggplant. It was sautéed eggplant stuffed with shrimp in a very tasty brown sauce. It was savory and delicious. Of course we had to get some Beef & Broccoli for 12 year old. I tasted it. The beef was tender and the sauce was spot on. Last, 11 year old's choice had been some Special Fried Rice. It was as good as any fried rice could be, but honestly, with so much food on the table, not much of it was eaten. 

Our server was friendly and talkative (especially when my Men engaged her about the bass in the tank and fishing!) The food came out super fast.  It was also quite reasonable. This dinner for five (including tons of leftovers) was $110 with tax & tip.  Of course, like many Chinatown restaurants, the place is rather plain without much ambiance. However, when considering the food, price, and service, Tai Lake is a great choice in Chinatown for a seafood or any type of feast in Chinatown!
Tai Lake is a lake that was created by a Meteor. Through a series of overflowing rivers the crater that the meteor created was filled with the water we see today continuously. 

Having said that, this is still Guandong(Canton) style food, and not Zhejiang style as the name could fool you in to believing. Nevertheless, the dishes are plentiful and amazingly fresh. You have your usual fare of spinach, duck, mayo shrimp, fish, and so forth. But my recommendation is to go for the fresh seafood that you can see as you enter the restaurant, and pick the jumping shrimps in particular. If seafood isn't up your alley I'd recommend the goat claypot, just amazing the dip that comes with it and the O face you'll have when biting in to it.

However, what gives this place the ultimate respect? NO ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ABOVE 5 DOLLARS!!!! I wish I could  bold, underline, color code, and maximize those words. The entire drink menu is probably the best I've seen anywhere, and no its not happy hour prices its is what it is. Henie and Tsing are 2.75 and domestics are under 2.00. Scotchs are 4.50 and there is a ton of other cocktail drinks which I usually don't touch at 4.50 as well! 

So lets comb our hair, straighten our tie, lower that skirt, and polish those shoes. Because at the end of an adventure at Tai Lake, the hair will be messy, tie will be loose, skirt will be hiked up, and shoes will be covered in alcohol! Hangover... here...we...go....
So where do I start...this place used to be good..good food and services, but lately the service had gone downhill due to the over popularity and being the very few decent Chinese restaurants in Philly Chinatown.  

My family and I have been going there for the past 20yrs.  We know the owner and most of the people that work/worked there, but what happened to us yesterday had made us decide that we will never return to this place ever again.  We went there yesterday to celebrate a family event after we got there we waited for a while to be seated (which is normal).  My mom tried to wave down 3 waiters/waitress and all of them kind of just ignore her (we understanding since this place is always busy) so we sat there and waited for another 20-30 mins before a waitress came by and took our orders.  While we were ordering our food, my Autism nephew (he's 10yrs old) hit his nose on the edge of the table, so he started crying.  We tried our best to comfort him but he won't stop crying and started throwing a tantrum at our table which lasted for a few minutes and we started noticing people from the other tables are staring at us and we know it's our fault that disturbed them, but that is not the reason why we won't return to this place.  The reason that we will not go back is because of the manager, WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT WE DID NOT EXPECT TO HAPPENED, the manager of the restaurant came over and asked my nephew to be quiet (in a very nasty and bad manner) and told us if he doesn't stop we have to leave the restaurant.  

Honestly, we have been going there for the past 20 years and we know these people I was hoping that we will be treated in a different manner or at least check with us or have the courtesy to ask us what happened, but instead the manager kicked us out of the restaurant and while we were leaving the manager ask my mom "does that child have problem?"  If the manager does not welcome people with special needs, then I suggest you put up a sign that says "people with special needs are not welcome" and "kids should not cry at this restaurant"

Last but not least, I want to say thank you Tai Lake for serving us for the past 20 yrs and ruining our family event plus hurting my sister's feeling.
This is the most disgusting restaurant I have been. My PREGNANT wife and I were eating when 2 roaches ran across our table!!! The waitress then came over and killed one on the table. I called for the manager who then asked if we wanted our food to go. Noooo I just wanted to get out of there. We did not pay, left immediately and my wife started throwing up. We will never ever go back and I say STAY AWAY. I would give zero stars if possible.
Booooooo. 

We got the recommendation for this place from our family friends who had yet to steer us wrong. So we ventured from our normal haunt of Joy Tsin Lau around the corner, and tried Tai Lake out. 

We should've been scared off by the whitey-yellow ratio (too many whites!). But nonetheless, we braved ahead and tried out dinner on a weekday night which didn't seem overly busy. 

But apparently the reason the white:yellow ratio was off was because they treat their Caucasian patrons with respect. 
   My family, however, was left waiting almost an hour for our food. 

The reason? One of the staff in the kitchen "misplaced" our order and it got shoved to the side.
  Of course, this wasn't found out until our _multiple_ requests to check on our food. 

On top of that? 
  The food wasn't even that well-seasoned and over-priced at that. 

Final thoughts:
If you're Asian, stay away. 

But if you're white, you'll love the new interior and clean bathrooms. Oh, and I'm sure you'll love their service too. 

Because I was so pissed off, I counted out the change on my bill and forgot the tip. 
  Oh, that's probably why they hate us Chinese.
Had dinner lastnight for Chinese new year..spent like $150 and they charge me $300..it's just pissed me off..and I called them and the guy just telling me that he will call me tomorrow and not to worry because they are very very busy right now
How come i'm not worry if my credit card balance is jacked up??? 
Scared the hell out of me...beware people..make sure and check your bill afterwards..
It's hard to explain if they english is limited!!
First time I was here, it was good. Second time, and with a group of 9 people, I could not be more disappointed!!

Never have I been served Chinese food in this fashion, nor so slowly. Let me tell you about my horrible experience.....

We came in here at 6:45, and left at 9 because it took that long....

I orderered the following:
1) Fish maw soup
2) Black bean clams
3) Fried frog legs
4) Snow pea leaves in garlic
5) Pepper beef
6) Salt baked pork chop
7) Walnut Prawns
8) Eggplant and Scallop in Claypot

We waited a really long time for any food to come out, and when it did, it was NOT the soup (which should always come first). Instead, it was just ONE of the entrees, which 9 starving people picked at equaling about one piece a person.... SAD FACE... then they were said sorry about no soup coming out first and something got mixed up... 10 minutes later, soup comes out. We finish our entire soup, and that first entree. Next entree comes out 10 minutes later, then 10 minutes, another one, and it continued down the line. I don't know if they were trying to make this more like American style but it just made no sense why they were bringing ONE entree out at a time for 9 to share....this was meant to be FAMILY STYLE in a lazy susan and u can spin around and pick and the different dishes.... It left us with little variety between bites and just made us unsatisfied because it was just teasing us with food. On top of that, they brought over the wrong dish, then forgot about another dish completely..... I don't know what goes on in the kitchen but someone is not communicating very well back there on what goes where and when it should be served.

As for the food... it was okay. A lot of the dishes were really salty, particularly the clams, salt baked pork chop, and frog legs. Soup was okay, the eggplant and scallop was good.

Overall, I was so disappointed in what was going on. They weren't overly busy and it was a Monday night. Next to us, a bunch of older Asians were sitting there, their table filled with food. While you look at our pathetic lazy susan that has one dish at a time on it.... NEVER AGAIN WILL I GIVE U MY MONEY!!! Too many other restaurants in chinatown that will at least serve us food in normal family style fashion.
I have always wanted to try Tai Lake, so my friend took me there for dinner. It's right across the street from the Chinatown fire station. While it is a modestly sized place and there aren't a ton of seats, since it was a late (8pm) weeknight, we were seated quickly. It wasn't deserted by any means.

The food we ordered was pretty good - we shared delicious pepper steak dish and a tasty, relaxing seafood soup... I think it was seafood, anyway (see my photo and you tell me). Prices were reasonable, especially considering we were sharing.

Service was fine, food came to our table quickly, and we enjoyed ourselves - basically, reasons I would return! Recommended.
There's nothing quite like a plate of whole shrimp at 2:30 AM.  Even if you don't eat the heads and legs, whole shrimp are a good sign.  They're generally fresh (not previously frozen).  They're therefore a bit sweeter, and they have a better texture than, say, grocery store shrimp.  

I have no idea if there are better places in the neighborhood.  But this was a five-star experience because the owner was a nice dude.  He even let Ed Hardy frat jock at the table to our right get a little sloppy with his lo mein.

For seafood, though, I'd come back.  Everything seems fresh and the shrimp, at least, were high quality
So, Chinese food is good but not fantastic in Philly. So with that in mind, this place is quite good. It's always filled so that's a good sign. Go for the seafood dishes. We had whole fish with ginger and scallions, long life noodles, greens with garlic, broccoli with a spicy garlic sauce. All good. Service cheerful and decent except they brought our shrimp dumplings after the other dishes.
Well, well, well...We seem to have gotten ourselves into a little goin-to -Chinatown- late-Sunday-nights habit. We keep odd hours.To eat this well at 1 AM on a Monday morning is nothing short of delightful.

I don't know how we ended up ordering so much food, but we certainly did. Maybe it's because it feels very banquet-hall like there? We needed to throw ourselves a banquet? I can tell you that cold leftover spicy fried soft-shell crab is an excellent breakfast. Oh but it was very tasty hot as was just about every dish we sampled.

There are a lot of dishes that I want to try from Tai Lake.  A plate of scallops went sizzling by and I made myself a mental note: next time.

The sauteed clams with minced pork were spicy and tasty, loved the gingery fried fish with scallions and hot peppers too. I mentioned the spicy fried soft shell crabs, didn't I? Oh yeah. I did. Very good. Very fresh-tasting seafood here. All that and we got steamed pork dumplings Cantonese style (the only thing I wasn't crazy about), stir-fried garlicky spinach, and half a roast duck! Why did we need half a duck too? It was served with pillowy soft bao buns, of course, along with shredded scallions and hoisin. It was a feast and no one batted an eye or nudged each other like, "Get a load of these animals!" At least not to our faces...which were full of chomping. 

As I mentioned, leftovers today were phenomenal.
Ever since I heard Tai Lake took fish from the front of the store and turned it into dinner, I was excited to go.  Fresh fish in Philly is a rarity and this is about as fresh as it comes.

The interior is tacky and confused: plastic chandeliers and neon blue club lighting.  Do you want to be trendy or faux-classy?  Pick one and run with it.

We were seated promptly and had to wait a few minutes to see our waiter.  When this happens to me, I generally believe we won't see the waiter much during the night and I try and put my whole order in at once.  

The first thing that popped out to me were the alcohol prices.  Maybe I am just so used to be gouged in Old City, but paying $2 for a Coors Light and $4.50 for mixed drinks was so crazy to me!  I felt like I was at a dive bar happy hour.  So, we ordered some drinks.  The melon ball was terrible.  Garbage vodka, the Midori tasted funny, and there was no pineapple juice!  The strawberry daquiri literally tasted like it had zero alcohol.

The appetizers were fairly priced but not excellent.  The steamed dumplings were soggy and the spring rolls were too greasy.

The peking duck entree was good but my cod in spicy sauce was smothered in sugary, not spicy, sauce and it was battered and deep fried.  Now, I know that this may be "traditional" Chinese preparation, but I had hoped for somthing a bit nicer.  The entrees were brought out about 15 minutes apart.  Not good.

Overall, I won't go back.
Solid hot and sour soup. Egg plant with garlic sauce had more filler veggies (onions and peppers) than eggplants...and it was super oily. Salt and pepper cuttlefish was good, except it was supposed to be calamari instead of cuttlefish...LOL.  Lamb hot pot with bean thread was good and body warming on this cool night but sadly it was a little under seasoned. This is an ok place for dinner..I've been here many times. The good thing is that they're open late. The bad thing is that their food isn't very consistent. Still it's one of my go-to options for Chinese dinner.
This is my usual go to Philly restaurant for Chinese food.  I lived quite close to Chinatown for school and would come here often.

I always order the same 3 things

1)  The fish maw soup with crab meat.  This is definitely the best fish maw soup with crab meat around.  It is absolutely jam packed with fish maw and seasoned to perfection.  It is quite a pricey dish, but always worth it.  I often get this dish at other restaurants as a litmus test, and so far nothing as quite matched up.

2) Grouper with young chives.  I am an avid fisherwoman and avid consumer of fish.  My family loves to cook and eat fish.  Of the species we catch, I think that Tautog (blackfish) is probably the best, with flounder being a possible tie.  Of the species that are store bought only, I think that Chilean sea bass is my favorite (though I understand there are concerns with it's sustainability).  This dish is advertised as Grouper, but honestly it's as rich and delicious as any Chilean sea bass I've ever had.  I've tried to replicate this dish several times with both Chilean sea bass, Tautog, or black sea bass, and I've never had any luck.  This is pretty much the dish I come to this restaurant for.

3) Sizzling black pepper steak.  For a place that's seafood focus, it seems off to choose a beef dish.  This one is always cooked to perfection and exquisitely tender.  I order it as a litmus test as well for most Chinese restaurants and this passes the test with flying colors.
This place is a family favorite, authentic in Cantonese styled dishes for the Chinatown community. 

This isn't a MKee or Ting Wong where you can order a rice or noodle dish for an individual. If you come, make sure to do family style because dishes come fairly large and you'd want to try a variety of dishes! It's best to come with a group of 4 or more be and ready to eat! 

There is free "tong sui", chinese hot dessert drink/soup at the end that changes each night. The owner is super sweet and always gives us extra free quarts if we ask- would definitely not miss out on this if you enjoy sweets! 

Dishes to try:
-black pepper beef steak 
-baked soft shell crab (salt and peppered)
-sautéed clams
-pan fried seafood noodles
you can pick your own frog! how great is that??

well, sure..it would certainly be greater if i actually dug frog, but eh...i find it too greasy.

make of that what you will... tai lake is alright.
After a long day of work I just wanted a good meal.  So I put in a order for pickup. Upon arrival I asked for hot oil and jalapeño soy sauce. The person actually yelled at me for making a request. He told me I should've ask him before he packed my meal. This is absurd! I've never ever been treated with such disrespect from a restaurant business. I am never going back to this place! Customer service was rude and disrespectful!
I hadn't been to Tai Lake in years - it's one of the few places that my parents would go to for dinner, and that in itself would only come about if there was some sort of celebration (which is not often). Tai Lake is one of the few places where I still enjoy authentic Chinese food. 

We tried coming here for dinner one Friday night a few months ago, only to find that the wait was at least 45 minutes, so we ended up schlepping over to Pho Xe Lua... but we tried again last month, and we didn't have to wait at all. He is a bit of a regular at this place, so we were seated at the center table for 6, even though there was only two of us. (This was the only table available.)

By the end of dinner, we were both ready for a nap. 

- Geoduck sashimi: Very intimidating at first, but it has the consistency and crunch like that of dried turnips. Yum!
- Salt-baked geoduck: This was made with the body of our geoduck. I love salt-baked anything. No complaints here.
- 1/2 Peking duck - Okay, I think they jipped us on this one. There is no way that 7 pieces of peking duck constitutes "1/2" a peking duck. I was really disappointed, but at least they served it with the steamed buns.
- Steamed seabass with ginger and scallion - This was good, but I would have preferred it with more soy sauce. 
 - Salty fish and dried baby shrimp fried rice - Bomb.

Overall a decent meal with leftovers to boot.
For a late-night meal (or anytime), this is the place. The food is great--offering whole, fresh fish anytime (and they even bring the flailing little guy by you in the plastic sack for your "approval"), delicious apps and soups, they cater to large groups, and if you're nice to them and frequent them--you get recognition. Again, as (almost!) anywhere in C-town--drinks are cheap!! Try the whole striped bass with ginger and scallions, the clams with black bean sauce for sure. Soups are OKAY. I'm a big fan of hot-and-sour soup, and prefer mine to be nice and...soupy. Whether that is right or not, I don't know. The one here is very viscous and thick--just my personal pref. 


Wanna know a big secret that will probably get me banned from there???

They offer no desserts, but you can ask for the bean soup--made from red beans or mung beans--and IT. IS. AWESOME.  Not too sweet. Just right.... Just be prepared for the waiter/waitress to give you a nasty look... can anyone tell me why???

They close at 2am most nights, I think. So skip David's, and Chen's, unless your night overflows......
I definately felt out of place here... All I was looking for was good food and a cocktail. When I saw the fish tanks in front I thought I found the place, but was greeted by a staff that seemed in a rush to rush me out than take care of me. In the midst of trying to rush me out I only ordered shrimp dumplings to go and a melon flavored cocktail. They both were delicious but I'll never go back due to the rude service.
Fantastic seafood.  The front of the place might be a bit disturbing when you walk in and see all the tanks of your dinner while it's living.   I think it's awesome but it bothers some.

They've got a really huge menu full of all kinds of weird seafood combination.  I got salted squid last time I went and it was delicious.  I wish I was more adventurous, but I live so close that I will be back and get some crazzzzy seafood.
Went there late night to have dinner with the family, not at all impressed. Our waitress didn't ask us if we wanted a drink, or even water until a got up and went to ask the bar tender for drinks and water. the food was o.k. but I thought was over priced, and nothing came with rice, being South East Asia we a custom to eating rice with everything. No rice. I wanted my daughter that's home for the summer from college to enjoy the dinner, she too was not impressed. 
Late nights, after drinking to intoxicated to taste the food, great place. 
Sober and want to enjoy good food, wrong place.
Five words:  dungeness crab with minced pork.

Boom.
I don't know why but I still decided to come back after last time's horrible experience but am glad I did. Maybe it was just because they were busy last time but we had another big group dinner and the food came out fast (and altogether) and was delicious. I still ordered the salt baked pork chop and black bean clams and those dishes were actually tasty and not overly salty this time. Guess I will be returning back there after all, just not during holidays.
My favor Cantonese seafood restaurant in Philly,best place for a family dinner and all the big days! Keep visiting this place for more than 10 year, decided to give them a 5 stars after my valentine visit,they deserved it!!
i love that tai lake is open late.  i can't tell you how many times i've stumbled into tai lake after a night of debauchery.  there's rarely a wait during their late hours and i like that it's not packed to the gills with other drunken people.  everything i've ordered from their humongous menu was really good and affordable.
Every time we visit my sister in Philly, we have to have Tai Lake. It's our favorite Chinese restaurant. The place is really small, but they have a few big tables that holds groups. We haven't had to wait yet. The dishes are meant to be shared, and we always order a bunch of dishes to eat family style. Our favorite dishes are the Dungeness crab with stir-fry pork, ginger and scallion lobster, beef chow fun, snow pea leaves, and peking duck. Everything is always cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning, and the food comes our fast. You know the seafood is fresh when they are plucking the lobster and crab from the tank in the lobby of the restaurant. The peking duck has a crispy skin with tender meat and is served with scallions, sauce, and moist steamed buns. Service can be so-so, but this last time, they were great - refills, clean plates for shells, etc. We can't wait to visit again!
Had eel and pork dumplings with a big party of friends who ordered many other dishes too. If you're a fan of seafood and trying new things to eat, you will love this place to death. Otherwise, if you're not much of a seafood fan, try another restaurant.

Also... this place is pretty expensive. Prepare to empty your wallet.

Service is all right; could be friendlier.
Tried out Tai Lake Restaurant because it's in Philly's Chinatown.  I couldn't really see Chinatown cuz when we went it was already 7pm in Winter, so I just randomly picked this place after seeing other Chinese people and grandma eating there.

I got a bunch of stuff:

crab fried rice - was ok, huge portion!!  I should have gotten plain white rice - oops.
Beef brisket clay pot - good sauce, beef wasn't tender enough.
Snow pea shoots - tasty!  liked greens.

FREE bean dessert  - meh, not a fan of bean desserts

Bill with 3 dishes & 1 beer $44.70 before tip.  Expensive, but I liked it ok.
So the gf's family takes us to their "Go To" Chinese spot.  You walk in and there is a room filled with fresh fish, crab, and all things of the sea.  Only issue is I'm pretty white...I'm a meat and potatoes guy.

We ordered:
Frog Soup - Tasted like chicken with a fish consistency.
Sea Snails - Very good sauce but I have no idea how to judge these things.
Fresh live shrimp - Very sweet and perfect!
Fried Squid - Very good batter...a little thick for my liking but fresh.

While I don't eat much seafood, this place was very fresh and not over the top.  The only thing that failed was the lack of experience on the part of my palette and my parents unwillingness to show me how to eat this stuff.  But I still love them.
We attended a birthday banquet tonight on the second floor, and, although the service was fantastic, thanks to the seasoned waiters who have been around for years, the food was just okay.  We had the following:
1. lobster waldorf salad: the sliced chunk lobster meat was fresh and tender but the apple chunks were huge and the mayo-based dressing a bit too heavy for an opening dish
2. stir-fried conch and razor clams with sugar snap peas: a bit greasy and the razor clams were on the tough side although the conch was tender
3. shark fin with lobster and bean thread soup: pretty good but the shark fin and lobster were barely discernible and the soup base itself was slightly bland
4. roast quail with Pringles: yep, they came with a side of Pringles.  Although that was a bit eccentric, the quail itself was delicious and tasted like a leaner, more flavorful version of the peking duck.  Definitely my favorite dish tonight.
5. ginger and scallion stir-fried dungeness crab with mice onions and pork: this was incredibly greasy but i did like the fact that the legs were pre-cracked for us so that we didn't have to work too hard to get the meat.  The minced pork was drenched in oil, though, and the actually seasoning was on the bland side.  Definitely not the best version of the dish here in Chinatown, by far.
6. steamed sea bass: pretty average although the fish itself was on the small side.
7. soft noodles with shitake and crabmeat: um, I looked but found no crabmeat in side.  Maybe a shred of crab?  the flavor was decent but the lack of real, substantial quality ingredients was disappointing.
8. crabmeat fried rice: same story as the noodles.  no crabmeat and the rice was bland and greasy, to boot.  not a fan
9.sautéed sliced abalone with bok choy hearts and sea cucumber: the abalone portion was tiny and the sea cucumber very bland and almost pasty.  the bok choy was fresh and tender, though.  The seasoning was okay but not really amazing.
10. mung bean stuffed mandarin peach-shaped buns: these were adorable and the filling was fantastic.  a great ending.

Overall, the food wasn't really outstanding but the waitstaff were great and kept our drinks filled, plates cleared, and the karaoke machine up to speed with requests.  They definitely helped to make an otherwise very meh dining experience into a great birthday dinner, which is what really counted.  Hopefully, Tai Lake will go back to its original roots, in terms of food quality, but I'm glad to see that its waitstaff hasn't changed and is still as reliable and congenial as ever.  2 stars for food but 4 stars for service si I'll upgrade to 3 stars overall.
Great "hangover food".  They open late and have a lot of options on the menu.  The crab dishes are good but can get pricey.  Their fried rice (dry shrimp/scallops with salted fish) is tasty but very oily.
Pros: Very wide Seafood selection
Cons: Too many choices
 
Know before you go:
I'm Chinese and from New York City, and I still do think this place is good. It also annoys me some when people come in and order "fast food" dishes and tells the waiters or chefs that it tastes different. IT IS, it's the real stuff. It's like going to a steakhouse, ordering a burger, and expecting it to taste like Burger King. Save some embarrassment and money and just go to a fast food joint if you're looking for that.
 
My Critique:
It's a generous fare for seafood served the way you want it - Steamed, Sauteed, and probably even Fried. Enjoy a more exotic approach? They have jellyfish, snails and frog too. I haven't had my pleasure on the frogs however, but maybe someone can comment on that at a later time. Their non seafood dishes are pretty traditional and I enjoyed them each time I went.
 
Alternatives:
You're in Chinatown, there are LOTS of Chinese Restaurants. I wouldn't limit myself.
You can never go wrong with this restaurant. Tai Lake is my favorite restaurant in Philly Chinatown. Authentic cantonese food is served decently fast and tastes delicious.
Probably the best Chinese seafood restaurant in Philly along with Ken's Seafood. Ostensibly a Cantonese restaurant, but you should really be here mainly for the seafood. Service is usual Chinatown standards, but some of the dishes are fantastic. I pretty much only get seafood here, although they have the usual assortment of Cantonese dishes (vaguely similar menu to Shiao Lan Kung).  One exception is sweet and sour chicken sometimes.

Recommended Dishes:
Sweet and Sour Chicken, Crab Meat & Scallop Fried Rice, Soft Shell Crab, Crab with Minced Pork & Hot Chili, Squid with Chives, Steamed Frog with Lotus Leaf, Steamed Oysters with Scallions, Eel with XO Sauce, Oysters with Black Bean Sauce, Sauteed Scallops, Sauteed Shrimp and Scallops in Garlic Sauce, Steamed Flounder, Grouper FIlet
Everything was awesome from the time you walk in you are immediately sat down at nice clean table and you are offered Hot tea with sugar and glass of ice water. Once you order your food you are able to choose what ever you want fresh  from the tank. The staff very friendly and polite and eager to serve you. Once again the food is awesome and a great location. 

FRESH FOOD! Quick service.. Feasible! Of course I shall return
I think your review of this place really depends on if your ethnic or not. 

As an Asian, i know this is one of the best "authentic" Chinese food places Philly has to offer. It has a nice selection of fresh seafood, and i can get dishes that taste good that i can't get at other restaurant because most other "chinese" restaurants in Philly just serve basic white people Chinese food. 

I've never had a bad experience or been disappointing. I love the the service here, the taste and decor. 

For philly its the best it gets, but don't expect it to be world class can't compare to new york, china ect ect.
Wandered into Philly Chinatown late one night and decided to grab some To-Go from here since it was open late.

I ordered the salty fish fried rice. Price was a little expensive but not outrageous. I was excited to try it. Turns out, it was one of the worst fried rices I've ever had. 

The rice is clearly old, recycled rice. It had a hard texture and was not fluffy like a fried rice cooked using fresh rice would be. The salty fish was also overpowering and had basically raw onion bits in it...no other veggies.

This place seems to be known for their fresh seafood, but from how they try to cut corners by using day (maybe multiple day) old rice, I would not return to try anything else.
4/5 after two visits with quite satisfying results
3.5/5 for food, 4/5 for service, ambience, cleanliness, credit card/dessert

Setting: I came with 2 groups on 2 separate occasions: with 6 and with 4 of us. We were promptly seated and given water/tea.

Ambience: Not too crowded, the noise level was acceptable

Service: Attentive, would suggest dishes of what to get, prompt

Food: 
-Snowpeas - great taste, a lovely green dish, classic Chinese
-Crispy skin chicken with shrimp chips - I got this dish twice and I think the first time was better, it's got good flavor with a fun balance of salt/pepper/texture and amount of meat per bone - 1/2 size chicken is sufficient
-Beijing Pork chops - sweet and meaty, could have done without this dish
-Seafood pan-fried noodles - I think other restaurants like M Kee do it better, the overall taste of the seafood is something to be desired, the noodles are nicely crisp with a balance of the sauce
-Fried seafood mix with calamari - Something where you can't really go wrong, might be a simple crowd pleaser if you're ever unsure what to order
-Pepper steak - meat was a bit too chewy
-Dessert: Orange slices and the second time we got some type of sweet soup with tapioca pearls, such a lovely way to end the meal

Tips/Takeaways:
-Nicer ambience than most other Chinatown restaurants, not too loud, good lighting and A/C, has an okay bathroom
-Snowpeas, Crispy-skin chicken
-Would recommend return for larger groups for the overall ambience, maybe every 6 months
We ended up here after attempting to get late night dim sum and walking around Chinatown disappointed in what was still open. This place was packed at 11pm but they turned tables over quickly and we only waited for 5-10 minutes. Service was fast and the restaurant is very loud like most Chinese restaurants. We ended up getting a half order of duck, sweet and sour pork and a fried tofu dish. Everything was tasty but we were also starving. The duck wasn't fatty and the skin was super crispy. It came with these shrimp chips which were very stale and kinda weird presentation in general. They also gave a small portion of scallions but we just asked for more with any problem. My favorite was the fried tofu which is probably deep fried but the inside is still the soft silky type of tofu and there's a small shrimp stuffed on top- never had this before but would get it again! 

Nothing blew me away but I would recommend as a solid option in Chinatown especially late at night. Also just read that this is Nick Elmi's go to in Chinatown!
This place has decent quality mainstream Chinese and is open late.

On our most recent trip we had eggplant and scallop hot pot which was ok although the scallops were overcooked and rubbery and there was a surfeit of oil used.  Years ago they made a mustardy curry flavored version that was just delish this was just ok.

We also had shrimp dumplings I dont know the differentiation but the kind we had were dim sum style not the kind of dumplings that are usually on the menu and are fried - these were better then the hot pot and for the hour quite good.
This is our goto place for family dinner in Chinatown! We have been going here for decades! The food is so good and fresh here ! Everything is family style here and the portions are huge so bring your appetite ! We ordered the fish maw and crab meat soup, fried white fish, sautéed crab and lobster with minced pork, longevity noodles, sizzling peppered steak, sautéed snails, seafood bowl, baby clams in black bean sauce, walnut shrimp, and sautéed spinach. For dessert we had mung split pea soup with tapioca!
Tai Lake is probably by far one of the most AUTHENTIC Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. The dishes they offer, a lot of other restaurants do not even think to make.

Being Chinese, my parents especially are very picky with Chinese food all together, and Tai Lake has been their go to for almost 12 years. Their seafood is amazing, especially their sweet (jumbo) shrimp, pretty pricey by the pound, because it is super fresh (literally swimming in tanks when you walk in, not the prettiest sight, but you know your food is fresh!).  It goes really well with the green peppered soy sauce they bring out for you, with a bit of hot oil in it for extra heat!

Another dish that we always order is the stir fried crab with little shreds of meat, I don't really remember what the english name for it is (but I know the Chinese name), but it is really really tasty! Lots of flavor, I'm not a fan of crab, but I like to pick at the little meat pieces, they go great with white rice! The Walnut Shrimp, General Tso's Chicken, Sweet and Sour Shrimp, etc. .. all the more Chinese American dishes are really good too!

If you're not too fond of seafood, I do recommend this chicken dish, Garlic Chicken ish type? Not to be confused with Chicken and Garlic Sauce, but Garlic Chicken has a lot of seasoning and is topped garlic shreds and onions, paired with a soy sauce in it. The soy sauce might make it a little too salty, so I recommend asking for it on the side if you are sensitive to your amount of sodium intake, but other than that, it's really tasty! My mom has become a fan, and she's not a chicken person at all!

The SHARK FIN SOUP is a must try too! That is really delicious too. Pretty expensive though, I think it's about $16 bucks a bowl, but it's worth to try once I think.

Lastly, the service is always friendly, quick, and if there is a problem, it's usually a fluke. I've been there enough times to know better! I highly recommend this place for seafood lovers, and if you're looking for an authentic Chinese meal, ask for recommendations if you need help choosing!
It's always a good sign when the Chinese restaurant you're going to is full...of Chinese people. I often end up here late on weekday evenings (after 10) and it always blows me away how busy it is, and how many kids are in the place.
Not entirely for the faint of heart -- you pass the fish tanks on the way in, and also notice the tank with all the frogs. I've never had the frog here,. but I'm sure it's fresh. 
 One of the other reviewers mentioned the dumplings, and they are superb here. I've also had a variety of whole fish and squid dishes -- each reveals the  subtle, skilled hand of a first-rate chef.
 I consider this my go-to place in Chinatown.
Often chosen for a special occasion, such as a Father's Day celebration. Good food- and affordable. Good service. Clean silverware, plates, and cups. Decent restrooms. Appropriate to bring your big family to.
First off I would like to say that this is the first time I have ever gone to this place in Chinatown.  Therefore this review will be written around two thing 1st is the food 2nd is the staff and their conduct.  The food that I ordered was 2 spring rolls which were excellent.  The main course that I had was shrimp fried rice and the pork lo-mein. The pork lo mein and the friend rice were not very good, not the quality of taste I was used to from other places in Chinatown.  The second thing was the behavior of the counter person. I paid for the meal with a credit card and then left a tip with cash as I thought the waiter would like that better. As I was leaving out the door the counter person stopped me and accused me of not tipping the waiter . Even when I told the counter person that I paid with a card and left cash for the tip, continued to say that I did not leave a tip.  Then all of the sudden he decided to go through his pile of receipts and said oh oh ok bye. I told him that he was very rude and should no what he was talking about before he accuses someone first not call them liars. I will never patronize this place again!!!
READ YOUR BILL BEFORE YOU PAY IT! We ordered a 1.5 pound striped bass at $15 per pound, which is $22.5 in total. They charged us $25.95 instead of $22.5. After I pointed out the wrong price, they changed it to $22.95.
Was on vacation in Philly and came here on a recommendation from a friend we were staying with. 

Atmosphere: Entrance has aquariums filled with fresh, live sea food of all kinds, good start. Place can be spruced up a bit décor wise, slightly old-fashioned. Waiters were dressed nicely with ties and white shirt and aprons. Cloth napkins and tablecloth was a nice touch along with water glasses that you would find at a banquet hall.  Most of the dinner guests (It was almost a full house of people) were of Asian decent. 

Service: Good. Waiters were slightly curt and very unfriendly, especially when mentioned that our dinner guest is allergic to shellfish (he got a chicken dish, and we got pork fried rice, and we figured it would just be a good idea to mention this to our waiter). She looked at him and in a frustrated and slightly accelerated tone said something along the lines of "You got chicken...how is chicken seafood...there is no seafood in that!" Then our highly allergic friend said "I'm going to die" (Jokingly) to us after she left the table. 

Food: We all got a wonton soup which was great. I got sweet and sour chicken which I liked a lot, my boyfriend got general tso chicken which I also liked but he said he's had better, and our guest got the lemon chicken which I thought was also delicious. The pork fried rice that we all split wasn't totally the best ever, but it was good. 

Price point: For all mentioned above (four dinners, three soups, and two beers) it cost me 70 dollars (tip included). Okay, so I know we didn't get anything authentic, and the food was good, but for the typical Chinese takeout stuff, 60 bucks isn't cheap. I would have been just as happy getting takeout somewhere up the street for 10-20 bucks less.
Hands down, probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, in regards to taste and authenticity.

Most the seafood is fresh, and you can see so by the tanks in the front of the restaurant. The place is relatively clean, but their method of transporting fresh seafood from the front to the kitchen leaves a wet trail throughout the dining room. Also, they messed up on our order and forgot three things, but ended up being for the better.

We decided to have a huge family feast. WARNING, I don't know the exact names of these dishes, but you will get the idea. We started with the fresh shrimp, steamed up. They were delicious and one of Tai Lake's signature dishes. Peel one of those juicy suckers and take a dunk in the soy sauce makes a wonderful taste. Next, we wanted to stray away from the usual fish maw soup, and decided to get the dry scallop soup. It was different and still tasty. The plentiful amount of mushrooms made me love it even more.

As for main entrees, we ordered soft shell crab, mayonnaise shrimp, stir fried conch, fried flounder in hot and sour sauce, sauteed frog legs, and clams in black bean sauce. My personal highlights were the soft shell crab and flounder. Both were crispy and delicious. The mayonnaise shrimp was a bit too soggy, but the mayo always makes me smile. 

Design wise, nothing worth talking about. It is your typical Chinatown restaurant, with a bit more class. 

If you are looking for a great sit-down meal with friends and family, this is my personal suggestion. Great food, great fast service. The prices are maybe a teeny bit more expensive, but not by much and super worth it.
This place is ALWAYS PACKED, but it's well worth the wait.  The ONLY Chinese restaurant my family and i frequent for dinner in Chinatown.  We normally order the set menus.  I don't know if they have their one great signature dish, but everything is so yummy here.  My personal favorites are the shrimp and walnuts, steamed fish is ALWAYS good, beef short ribs on a sizzling skillet, and there's this clay pot thing that has napa cabbage on the bottom, and on top there's fish and an assortment of tofu and shitaki mushrooms, YUMMM-IE.  If you go enough and befriend the manager ( who's a great guy by the way) you might not even be charged for the beers.  We've never have to pay for ours, no guarantees of course!  ENJOY!
Chinese food in Philadelphia usually disappointed me somewhat every time I come to one of the most interesting cities in the Eastern USA. However, after eating dinner at this place, my perceptions of Philadelphia's Chinese food have changed somewhat. Here is what we got during a visit here for dinner:

Gon Chao Ngau Ho - This is the Dry Fried Beef Chow Foon noodle dish. One of the most famous dishes in Cantonese cuisine and one dish that I try when I am really uncertain about eating in a Chinese restaurant. $8.95. 
Gai Kau Chao Mian - This is the Pan Fried Noodle with Chicken. It has chicken strips, some sliced carrots, and Chinese vegetables. $8.95. 
Ju Yim Sin Yau - Salted Baked Squid with Chili. Fried calamari dosed with salt and some hot peppers. $10.95.
Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo - My favorite dish. This is a casserole dish that consists of fish, tofu and vegetables in a hot clay pot. This is on the Four Season Casseroles section of the menu. They actually have an English name on the menu, which is Fillet Grouper and Bean Curd. $12.95 (I think)

The Gon Chao Ngau Ho was tasty. The beef strips were delicious and the flat rice noodles were soft and chewy. The Chao Mian was decently good. Chicken and vegetables were tasty and flavorful. Noodles were saucy, but had a little crisp in it. Portions are excellent. Both noodle dishes are big enough to feed three people very well.

The Ju Yim Sin Yau was okay but tasty. The calamari had very little spice in it, but a decent amount of saltiness making it tastier. It had a tiny crisp as well. Calamari was a little rough to chew, but overall, it was decent. 

The Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo was really tasty and probably the best dish in the restaurant. I have had versions of the dish at Chinatowns in Boston and New York City, and this one in Philadelphia's Chinatown was pretty good and also unique. What made it unique was that it had some small garlic cloves, which added more flavor and possibly a better smell to it. Some of the fish pieces had tiny bones inside, but overall it was soft, flavorful, and amazingly tasty. The tofu was also really good, making Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo to continuously be one of my favorite Chinese dishes. Vegetables inside were also good. Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo with white rice can also make a really filling meal for two people. 

We got some bowls of Tapioca soup in the end for dessert and it was a good ending to the dinner. The Tapioca soup was warm, smooth, sweet and a little creamy. 

Although this place does not open until 4:00 PM, it is open until 3:00 AM, so it is a pretty good choice after a night out in the city. Overall this is a solid restaurant that I could go to for a decent Chinese dinner, and I would definitely get the noodle dishes from this place and my favorite dish, which is, of course, Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo.
First off, I would like to say that tipping is not required.  I've never been one to not tip, but in this case, i really shouldn't have.  I've normally had a decent experience at this place.  I typically enjoy their food, especially the soft shell crab.  

My friends and I went their for dinner one Friday night.  It wasn't busy so we got promptly seated and served. One of my friends orders a dish to go for later.  As the bill came up, I calculated our total and included an appropriate tip for the dishes we were served.  I did not include a tip for the dish that was ordered to go.  My general thinking is to not tip on orders that were not served to me.  

We pay our tab and got ready to leave.  The person at the door stops us and questions our tip.  I told him we left an appropriate tip for the stuff that was ordered there and not for the to go item.  He was adamant about us leaving a larger tip.

The Oakland in me should have just shrugged it off and kept on walking.  In the end, we gave him an extra $2.  $2 doesn't really amount to me and I really could care less, but it's the principle behind it!  Why are you going to expect me to pay tip on a dish I ordered to go?  If I had not sat down for dinner and ordered a to go item, would the restaurant have expected me to tip for that as well?

Like I said, I generally have decent experiences here.. but because of this incident, I will no longer be returning.
One of my top 3 favorite dinner sit down Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. Mainly for family dinners and new year celebrations. They have the best lobster scallion in town :)

The second floor is available which is slightly bigger than first floor. Lots of fresh seafood to try, bring a Chinese friend with knowledge of authentic dishes because they will give you the American menu.
I go to China several times a year. While no restaurant is exactly like what I visit in Southern China, Tai Lake is a lot closer than most.

This is a place for real seafood lovers. A little crowded, and not huge, you may. Wait a few minutes. But if you love fish, crab, and various shellfish, this is what you are looking for.

Good seafood is both tasty and has a lightness and freshness that is impossible to fake. They send out to the fresh seafood shop two doors up when they need something not on their tanks.

I especially recommend the scallops in black pepper sauce - and no, it is not very spicy, but you will be smiling.
Crab and steamed fish was really good. Probably one of the best in Phili Chinatown.  The sea bass was live as well as the crab. I Highly recommend.
Pretty good for a Philly establishment!
----
I must admit, I've been harsh on Philly's Chinatown for quite a long time. I know it's not their fault that years ago, the convention center bisected the small neighborhood; now what's left is more of a Chinastreet. 
But as a result, there has been little to no competition in the Chinese restaurant arena. The idea is, they're the only game in town, so why try so hard? (for example, See my prior review on Ocean Harbor, which is simply just a dump). 

I'm pleased to say, Tai Lake exceeded my expectations. 

Here is a sampling of the dishes we ordered:
- salt and pepper soft-shell crab (GET THIS!)
- marbled beef slices in Satay sauce, shabu-shabu (not recommended for those on a diet, but this was amazingly tender and delicious!)
- Thai curry with lamb (not too spicy; the potato wedges were fried first before being cooked in the curry. The lamb could have used a longer simmer time, though)
- free range chicken with soy sauce (very succulent and tender, even the chicken breast meat - this us not your average feedlot chicken, which is flavorless and tough)

Only problem is the small dining hall size, so be prepared to wait (but it is open till 3am).
Will be back!
good for midnight snacks
Best Cantonese restaurant in Philadelphia. Almost everything I've ordered here has been excellent, especially the seafood.  
 
They have two menus- the large, comprehensive menu, and the smaller live seafood menu.  If you want to guarantee a good experience, order most of your items from the small menu (although there are plenty of gems on the large menu as well).  The live seafood's excellent quality and well taken care of-- take a look at it when you enter.  
 
The one thing I order without exception at Tai Lake is the $3.00 GIANT OYSTER (it's on the small menu and I think it's called "steamed oyster with scallion").  It's a 7-9 inch long oyster on the half-shell, opened live then skillfully steamed in the shell, served with a delicate ginger-scallion sauce that tastefully mingles with the oyster liquor.  These are great quality oysters, prepared with complete respect for their natural flavor.  And you won't believe how spectacular 10 of these BB's look on a platter in the middle of your table.  SHOUT OUT GIANT OYSTER.
 
It's also hard not to order the Peking duck-- it's my platonic duck ideal.  It's not cheap, but it's no more expensive than at Sang-Kee, and 2x as perfect. Perfect skin.  Perfectly salty.  Perfect amount of fat under the skin. Etc.

Other highlights:  
-BBQ scallop- don't worry, there's no BBQ involved.  This is a sweet egg custard containing cubes of scallop baked in a scallop shell.  
-Sautéed live eel with xo sauce and sugar snap peas-- the snap peas are perfectly cooked.
-Jellyfish and 'cold meat' salad- in a vinaigrette, very refreshing
-Fried jumbo shrimp with mayo- one of the most perfect renditions of this dish I've ever had.  The shrimp balls and sauce are flawless, the walnuts are candied, the broccoli is perfectly cooked.  
-Salt baked baby fish- tiny fish, salt-baked whole.  
-Fried crispy stuffed bean curd-  Delicate tofu stuffed with shrimp then deep fried.  
-The 'royal clam and prince mushroom' dish- get it.
-Salt baked items- not as good as at shiao lan kung, but still worth it.  
-BBQ spare ribs with honey sauce- great pork ribs
-Steamed minced pork with squid or fermented fish (avoid the fermented fish if you're wary of extreme flavors... I love the flavor it adds to the pork, but fish itself is too much for me).  
-Short rib and eggplant casserole- in a complex and powerful sauce, beefy and black bean-y

I should also mention that they also have GREAT PINA COLADAS.
The food here can be described as... mainstream.  Tai Lake has all the usuals that you would find at every Chinese restaurant.  In fact, Tai Lake does a fairly good job, even though it tastes exactly like every other Chinese restaurant out there.

One of the person in the group was from Tennessee so we decided to order hot & sour soup since he's never had it.  It was surprisingly good with a strong kick.  Enough vinegar as well to make you pucker a bit.  In fact, every single person in the group loved it.

We didn't go the adventurous route since the folks didn't really want to try the frogs at the front or any sort of weird dishes.  We got broccoli beef, black pepper filet mignon, vegetable medley in pot, seafood tofu stew, house special fried noodle, beef hofun, and sweet & sour fried cod.  Favorite out of all of them was probably the fried noodle since I love egg noodles fried.  Most of them items I had to add a little chili oil or the hot sauce they provided.

The service though, can use a little improving.  The waitstaff was fine and was quite attentive the whole night but the kitchen royally messed up.  They somehow switched our order ticket with another table, which resulted in later tables getting food before us.  I think at one point there was a 15 minute gap between dishes.  Not fun sitting in a round table expecting for food to arrive, but instead, just staring at each other.  You can't even look anywhere else :P

The restaurant itself is quite small so can fill up rather quickly.
How the mighty has fallen!  This used to be one of my standbys for Cantonese food.  Not anymore, unfortunately.  We came here for Chinese New Year, and were made to wait an hour for our reservations.  And they were for a prix-fixe too!  That's appalling on its own but it just got worse.  The jellyfish app was bland, the spicy shredded beef and fried chicken were both tough, the dungeness crab lacked meat, the lobster was tiny, the pea shoots were barely seasoned (the version that I make at home tastes better!), and the fried rice extra greasy and bland.  The only good dishes were the steamed live shrimp and steamed sea bass.  Notice that neither required any real cooking skills.  Service was good...after we finally got our RESERVED table an hour later.  Never again.  I'm heading to Rising Tide where I can get custom-ordered seafood dishes for a fraction of the price and get seated in a timely fashion.
I was anxious to try Tai Lake, having never eaten in Chinatown (yes, I know...I'm crazy!). Honestly, seeing the live frogs in the entrance foyer did creep me out. I didn't want this to be my deciding factor so I was hoping the food would blow me away. Sadly, it did not. The restaurant was definitely clean though and had a nice appearance. 

I got simple lo mein which was greasier then I prefer. Hubs got shrimp which he said was ok but the broccoli he got he claimed to be inedible (it was pickled). We left thinking that we plan to try somewhere else in Chinatown. Surely there is better!
Absolutely delicious food. Try the stuffed peppers.
So I'm not sure how this is possible, but the food Tai Lake served for our wedding reception was somehow even better than when we had the same dishes for just 1 table! Typically when you cook for 100+ instead of 10, there's some loss in food quality, but not the case here. The food here is super legit - authentic, fresh seafood, flavored just right. The staff was awesome and the management was 10x easier to work with on preparing for a wedding banquet than any other place we talked to.

As far as dishes go, the lobster, shrimp, scallops, and basically any seafood is great. What surprised me though is how good the duck and the lamb are, as well as the braised soft noodles. Everybody raved about how good the food was at the reception and had a blast.

Will definitely be back here with friends/family.
I give this place 3.5 stars.

It is an average size restaurant - only open after 3pm - so dinner only and late dinners as well - they close at 3am - mainly for business owners around the area who are done wrapping things up for the night and does not have the energy to cook food at home.  So, from 11pm-3am this restaurant is busy and occasionally have to wait for a table and of course, loud with people venting about new gossip, de-stressing etc.

For those looking for a romantic site w/ the sexy/groovy ambiance - this is not it - go somewhere else for that.

But, for those people looking for good Chinese food for dinner and or late-dinner because you just finished partying in center city or old city and hungry for food - this is the place to go.  I have several favorite dishes here but in general all their dishes are pretty good.  The only gripe I have is that the quantity of food is not enough for a hungry family table who have an appetite.  Several times, I had to order 2 of the same dishes to have enough to share around a table of 6-9 people.  

Waiter/Waitress service is at par - more if you catch them on a good-mood night or not.  

Price is average to little bit on the higher side (only because the quantity of the dishes is not really full).
We tried the banquet dinner--8 or so dishes on a prix-fixe menu plus some of our party ordered a la carte. 

This restaurant is famous for fish--and you see them and their brethren (lobsters, snakes) in tanks as you enter. This is novel for the US but pretty common in China. I found the food extremely bland. Even though this is Guandong style and garlic is not the thing, the sauces were mainly flavored with dried fish stock and dried mushroom and this flavor permeated most of the food and made it dull. The food can be "adventurous"--abalone and shiitake mushroom, snake soup, baby octopus and squid. But mostly these tasted undersalted and under flavored. The jellyfish cold "noodles" (with tongue and some other fish and meat cold sliced sausages) is very good, though the tongue is, like much else, tasteless. The Shrimp in Mayonnaise is good, though I'm not a fan of mayonnaise and Japanese mayonnaise, make that double. But it was decently heated and beautifully presented. The Peking duck is nice, but really, you need to have one fresh sliced at the table and go to a special restaurant for duck to really get the experience. 

The lobster tasted like bleach or some preservative--I suppose that is due to its living out its last sad days in an aquarium and not the North Atlantic. And it was overcooked. 

The service was brisk, friendly and competent. They seemed eager to please.  As for me, I've had better Chinese food, though this was ambitious and the restaurant is quite popular. It is very good for large parties. They are well experienced in handling them. I just wish the food had more variety of seasoning and flavor.
Horrible service very bad waiters. 
They use misunderstanding to rip you off on order to get a bigger bill for their tip.
Fresh seafood is the reason to go here.  We typically share a pound of fresh steamed shrimp, shelling them by hand and dipping them in soy with sliced green peppers. simple and delicious.

My last trip here included: Roasted pork rib with eggplant (really really good), Fermented fish fried rice (it has a tang that the weak hearted may not like, but I found very satisfying), and  Shrimp Mayonnaise.  

The last must be tried - and as a result you may order this every time you come back.  Shrimp, walnuts tossed in mayonnaise over broccoli.  While one friend says that this is not authentic Chinese, another told me that it was served to her in Beijing.  All I know is that I don't really like shrimp all that much and I eat these two shrimp dishes every time I come here.  Try them both!
Oh Tai Lake I Heart you so much.  You walk into the doors to be greeted by your dinner swimming in big tanks lol...no seriously.  It's your typical Chinese restaurant in terms of decor but not in taste! The spicy soft shell crab is the kinda stuff seafood folks salivate over! The snow pea shoots? You better get it...you just better.  I can't even remember what else we got but I do know....we cleared that table NOT ONE bite was left.  This is my favorite wee hours Chinese place...don't hesitate just go.
Lobster is excellent but I am not too fond of their fried rice. Soup and noodles are delicious tho.
Get the crab with pork bits. Get the house special fried rice. Get half the Peking duck. EAT UP! take the rest home :)
I'll be blunt. For the mediocre food that they serve and the slightly above par chinatown service, it was worth frequenting every now and then. 

Food itself was nothing great. Their soft-shell crab is one of the better dishes there. There is not much of a difference between what I can cook for myself (and I can't even cook) and what they serve at Tai Lake, the only major difference is the amount of msg they add to their food. Regarding service, the waitstaff has always been relatively courteous as opposed to hostile or apathetic like other restaurants in chinatown. I appreciate not getting rudely looked at or having to ask for missing utensils or simple refills of water. So when I said slightly above par chinatown service, I meant that they did what they should at any dine-in restaurant.

I enjoyed a relatively normal dinner with friends today and ordered an entree to go towards the end of our meal. The to-go bag was brought out, followed by the check. I saw that they added the to-go order on the same check and thought nothing of it. So what happened when it came to figuring out the bill between 4 people? We decided that 15% tip was sufficient for the service we received. Average service for average tip. We have always tipped 15% here and had no problems. As we left, an older guy sitting at the desk stopped us to tell us that we shorted them on tip.

This was not possible I thought. My friends and I generally order the same things here (we like to stick to things we know are decent) and our bill normally comes out the same. Moreover, we usually calculate the bill down to the penny to make it fair for everyone. Well, let me tell you, I've NEVER been stopped at ANY restaurants for leaving too little for tip. The imbecile at Tai Lake had the audacity to tell us we under tipped them?!? And why you may ask? He was adamant that we should have tipped on the whole total (including the to-go order). Now I don't know how they do it at these chinatown restaurants, but normal people don't tip on to-go orders. Furthermore, tipping is not mandatory..it is offered as appreciation for service. So again, I ask (if the owner reads this) WHY DO YOU EXPECT ME TO TIP FOR AN ORDER THAT IS FOR TAKE-OUT??  Secondly, is a measley extra $2 worth losing 2 or more customers that frequent your restaurant and order several entrees each time?? Answer should be no, but apparently you think it's worth it.

So my recommendation for everyone who decides to frequent this place...DON'T..unless you're ready for the chinatown experience where merchants run after you if you tip them too little (according to their genius math skills and poor business ethics).
Had dinner here this past weekend and thought the food was good. We ordered the salt and peppered soft shelled crab, beef sizzling plate and water spinach sautéed with garlic. The over all taste was good. The only complaint I had was the meat in the sizzling plate was too grizzly and fatty. The meat they used is Korean kalbi which is very fatty and contains bones. I Was expecting sliced meat like most others I've had in this dish. The majority of the meat was left uneaten due to the fat. All the dishes has too much oil which left a strange feeling of my throat being coated with oil..not pleasant.
This was my 1st experience in Philly's Chinatown.  Food was authentic Chinese and full with Asian guests....fresh everything in tanks as you walk-in.  I had wonton soup big noodles filled with meat very good and Lobster ginger scallion which was pieces of lobster caked with ginger and scallions  wrapped in the original shell...delicious.  It was a little hard to get some on the lobster out but pretty similar to other fried lobsters meals.  My wife had chicken and vegetables..it was ok....nothing special about it.  I would recommend if you go here eat seafood!
This is my parents favorite place to eat in PA Chinatown. 

They have live shrimps in the front of the restaurant and there's nothing better then fresh stream shrimp. For those of you who get frozen shrimp, live shrimps are hundred times better. The meat is sweet and tender. For those of you who doesn't like to eat it the Asian way, bring cocktail sauce with you. I'm not saying other places doesn't serve live shrimp but I just wanted to point out there's a huge difference between LIVE shrimp and frozen one.
I'm usually disappointed by hyped up ethnic restaurants, but Tai Lake delivers. If you have to wait for a table (and you mostly likely will), do so. I command it. Thank me later.  Go there for lunch, dinner, or 2 AM.  It's always good and always has been for the last few years I've been going.

The food here is excellent. The sauces they make are phenomenal. So full of flavor. The meat and seafood tastes delicious.  It's also a huge portion so no going home hungry.  Not some chewy old meat like some places in Chinatown. Bonus points for cheap booze too.

The staff if very efficient. They are quick but never rush you. The moment I want to order they appear out of nowhere. I'll have to determine whether they are telepathic superheros next time I go.
The waitress would not let my boyfriend order what he wanted (the beef hot pot) which was slightly discouraging. She kept insisting he would not like it, he would not like it, HE WOULD NOT LIKE IT, and he should order something else. 

My boyfriend spent summer 2008 interning in Beijing and trust me, he knew what he was ordering. However, to appease the waitstaff (what's wrong with this picture?) he got the beef and pepper stir-fry. How wonderfully American of him.

One friend ordered the frog, another friend ordered the sesame shrimp, and I had the scallops in black bean sauce. It was fine. Tai Lake gives you a lot of seafood for your buck, that's for sure. The scallops, however, weren't fried or sauteed. They looked like sliced marshmallows just sliding around a bed of vegetables. The mushrooms were clearly canned, and I didn't touch them- a little disappointing.
I've eaten here twice in my entire life. 
The first time was when my boyfriend tricked me into meeting his parents. Needless to say that night ruined my appetite. 

The second time was for my after-prom dinner. It was 2 AM in the morning, we were hype and running around in formal wear, and we were on the second floor. I was surprised that they didn't kicked us out for constantly changing our mind on our orders and sending them up and down for one pina colada at a time. 

My friends being the difficult slackers that they are, forced me to order for the table, we had:
Wonton Soup (cut down from 9 person to 3)
BBQ Ribs (for the only white guy in the group who devoured it in 2 mins)
Jumbo Shrimp with Walnut in Cream Sauce (yumm)
Chicken Fried Rice
Beef Lo Mein
Seafood Basket

[ I attempted to kill one of every animal to ensure everyone's happiness]

We ate a tad more than half before declaring stuffed. 
The bill came to $19 bucks per person including tips. 
Which was pretty awesome. Even more awesome when my friends declined their share of the food so I end up with enough leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day.
Wonderful giant sweet oysters in black bean sauce. $4.00 each but well worth it. Meaty and flavorful. We ordered 2 each and then had other dishes..shrimp  and scallops hot sauce, steamed snow peas and house special lomein (with shrimp, pork, chicken). Only suggestion: would order steamed pork dumplings instead of pan fried.
I've been going here for 16 years and this place is just as amazing now as it was when I first tried it.  This is not your Americanized Chinese restaurant but instead is a nice modern Chinese restaurant that has a lot of great options for non-chinese people like myself. Definitely try the pepper steak and the seafood basket!!
The best place to eat Seafood in Chinatown.
My hubby loves their panfried noodle!
We order it almost every week, the food is always good and fresh. Even when they are busy!
I saw some negative comment about the service, they are the nicest people. 
The language problem not a big deal! They are willing to customize the order, even they don't have it!

We love to bring our friends from out of state to eat here, and they are very happy because the seafood is fresh and good!
For me price isn't a problem, people have different preference about whether is expensive or not. For a God sake, its a seafood restaurant!
Worst customer service ever. We walked in on a Saturday night and the first thing we hear is "make it quick we have people coming in" how can this possibly be customer service? If you want to really try to enjoy good food and service, try red king.....this has been our fav spot in Chinatown.
Thai lake what can I say your food is good and always satisfies. Wish u guys stayed opened later. Some times the wait staff can be rude but doesn't have too often.  Call ahead cause this place gets packed very quickly.
Tai Lake is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia's Chinatown.

FOOD -
I always order the Seafood Birds Nest and Dried Scallop and Scallion soup. SO GOOD! Very consistent.
Wonton Soup is the only thing I really don't like at all.

SERVICE - 
Me and my boyfriend are regulars there so we always get good service!
By far my favorite place to go on Chinatown. I got here to celebrate all occasions with family and friends. The food here is just excellent. Let's start with the Peking duck. The meat is very tender and the skin has the perfect amount of fatty taste and a crunch to it. The salt baked squid is so good. It's got a lot of meat to it and the breading is not too much unlike other places I've been to... 

Other classic dishes such as the house fried rice, mapo tofu, beef chow fun, and garlic sizzled bak choy; so very very good. I love the food here. 


The staff on good days, they are very interactive and friendly with you. If they are busy, by nature of the work, they are still good but not as attentive but again, I think that's a given with that many people in the restaurant. 

Must go if you're trying to look for a good Chinatown place
I stopped here for a quick dinner the other night for the first time, it was in full swing and there were tables with as many as 10 people sitting together. The waiters have amazing agility and are all extremely skinny, as they had no problems balancing huge platters of food and squeezing between all the squished tables. If you have a phobia of overcrowded rooms, messy eaters, and people chatting and speaking loud abrasive chinese, this is not the place for you. The food was standard, true chinese fare-tasty oily salty and for me, homey. Out front they have tanks of frogs, lobster, fish, and prawns/shrimps- which prompted us to order multiple rounds of fried frog legs. It was my first time having that in a long time, and the old me still rings true; I'm not a fan. My friends however, devoured 3 orders of it and left mighty satisfied. Everything we ordered came out hot and fast, and sat well in our bellies. 

I would love to return to try a few other of my favorite dishes! I'll be back soon.
*Hands Down* for great food + generous portion and GREAT price!

Either I was starving from our walking tour or this place really has amazing food. I enjoyed all the dishes we ordered (a total of 9 dishes I believe) Thus, whatever that is on the menu, it should be save to order. Their seafood and vegetable dishes were fresh. Ahhh.. talking about it makes my mouth water. If I have a chance to visit Philly again, I'd love to revisit this place.
9/1/2010 
I'm basing this on the smallest of small sample sizes--in town travelling by myself, and I only ordered one dish.  But the clams with Chinese okra and clear vermicelli were done so nicely, I'm giving a review anyway.  Very mild and very much in the Cantonese tradition, everything was quite fresh and I gorged myself sufficiently without hesitation.  I'll try this place again with the SO so we can sample some of those live frogs they have in the front, but so far I'm liking this place.
The food was good but felt rush with all the entrees coming out at the same time. The waiter are rude and is not helpful when ordering entrees.
I am not sure if I wasn't impressed b/c I wasn't too hungry when arrived, but this was just OK.  I have heard a lot of good things about Thai Lake and wanted to give it a try.  We ordered the live shrimp to be made into sweet shrimp.  These little guys were tasty.  My husband ordered the pan fried dumplings which were meh.  We then split the steamed chicken with vegetables. This dish was lite but still tasty.  The orange slices at the end were refreshing!  thats about all i can say...
Snails with Soy Sauce (delicious!)  I didn't eat too many snails before moving to PA, so the waiter taught us how to suck the snail out of its shell.  Pretty FUN!  If they prepare it properly, the snail should easily dislodge and flow happily into your tummy.

Snow Pea tips with garlic (delicious!) 

Fried Flounder (delicious!) 

Lobster with ginger and scallions (it was okay)
Excellent authentic Chinese food.  I come here with my parents (along with Jade Harbor) to eat dinner sometimes.  They make my favorite dish beef short ribs with peppers and onions very well.

I'm not particularly sure what we order, I just know it tastes quite good.  Don't be scared away by the seafood in the window either.  It's a sign that it is fresh!
Food was good as always, I been customer for this restaurant for more than 10 years, we had another good meal in here last night.highly recommended that who looking for a traditional Cantonese cuisine or seafood restaurant.
Seafood panfried noodles with old shrimp (that texture where it seems like the shrimp was re-frozen) and A LOT of starch. 

Crab meat dry scallops fried rice used to be good here.. now it has more eggs than anything else.. and it was extra greasy.
I use to come here often with family growing up and always remembered the food being fresh and good.  My family and I haven't gone back here for years.  Last night we went for my sisters birthday dinner.  The place has kept it's consistency.  The food was delicious and fresh.  It's amazing that the place has been open all these years.  It has evolved and adapted to the different customers that come thru Chinatown.  The servers were really helpful and friendly.  The one server remembered my sister from years ago.  Best part is that the food the 4 stars and prices are great!!!
Their services is pretty good. The steamed fish, from my point of view. I like it pretty much! I tasted fresh.
For the steamed oyster, I also like it.
Their soup tastes OK not too much of MSG taste.

The environment might not seem pretty sanitary as it's old Chinatown, how much you are expecting.

Parking might not be easy around the block. You might consider parking in 3-5 blocks away. You need to hide all the items in the car also.
Credit card OK and 15% tips as I travelled for business and they did not complaint.
Food that was recommended by Yelpers was just average. The snow pea leaves were heavy on stalks which were very tough unlike having just the leaves which are always tender and the only way I had ever has it in many other Chinese restaurants. The clams in black bean sauce were good but not great-  the sauce was on the bland side and several clams were not open- some were sandy. Our last dish was the salt baked soft shell crabs which were lightly breaded and almost reminiscent of tempura. The crabs were a bit fishy smelling. The Mai Tai was sweet and yet bitter and didn't taste like any drink I or my husband have ever had.
Given this review- we requested no MSG so that may be what helps this food to rise to just above average. This restaurant was crowded and filled with 98% Asian people. The food in my review may have faired better if I hadn't just been dining in Taipei, Taiwan.
Went with a  group of Chinese and Vietnamese on New Year's Day. They ordered a variety of things for the table. I asked for hot and sour soup very spicy. It arrived not spicy and not even luke warm. It returned scalding after being sent back. I thought the flavor was mediocre.

We had peking duck with buns that was delicious but fattier than it should have been. We had whole streamed shrimp,  sauteed tofu, house special fried rice, a vegetable seafood dish, pan fried noodles with seafood. My favorite by far were the clams with pork and hot peppers. For dessert they brought red bean soup which I don't care for.

Overall the seafood was fresh but nothing beyond the clams was notable. I would like to go back when I can order other dishes to more fairly judge the restaurant.
I lived in Center City for a year of grad school, and Thai Lake was our go-to for inexpensive, exciting Asian cuisine. I must have eaten there every 2 weeks for that entire year: the staff is efficient (but not pushy), dishes are satisfying, and the restaurant is always lively.

The only thing that pulls a star is a personal gripe: last time I was there (a few months ago) I had the deep fried soft shelled crab, and I had a MAJOR allergic response including swollen eyelids and throat, extreme amounts of phlegm, and was certain that I would need to go to the hospital. I took around 10 Benadryl tablets and  struggled to sleep, then went to Urgent Care first thing in the morning for steroids to treat the reaction.

This, of course, is not the restaurant's fault, but I had eaten the same meal at least 10 times prior (in the past 3-4 years), and I suspect that the recipe has changed slightly, or that the dish was not cooked properly. That said, I will be slightly less likely to return, and MUCH less likely to be as adventurous with my meals.
They have seriously decreased in quality and quantity of food here. This used to be one of the best place in C-Town for decent chinese food, but man, no where even close anymore. Everything has been pretty bland and some foods have even come out under cooked. We ordered a ton of food the last time we came (as it was a fairly large party). Not one dish was memorable. The peking duck was tiny and really fatty, seafood pan fried noodles were bland and lacking seafood, and chicken wings were under cooked. The only dish that was decent were the snails in black bean sauce and the salt fish fried rice.

Now, service, was Horrid! Guy gave us attitude the entire time. We were upstairs and only 2 other tables were up there with us. He seemed like he didn't want to be there at all. I don't really expect much service from these establishments, but man, I expected a lil more than that!

I don't think I will be coming back.
Used to be one of my favorite  Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia.  Unfortunately the food here has become inconsistent.  What keeps me coming back? The walnut shrimp! This place makes the best walnut shrimp. Sauce is perfectly seasoned, creamy, and delicious. They use jumbo shrimp and their batter is on point. 

My other go to dishes are the fried shrimp balls, Peking pork chop, and lobster with ginger and scallions. Unfortunately the food here is inconsistent, and some days the food is not as good as they may overcook their dishes.

Service is fast and speedy, but your typical impersonal Asian service. Ambiance is average. I like the chandeliers but the place is a little tight. 

Would recommend if you're craving walnut shrimp!
