THE BEST BAGELS in Philadelphia! Finally!!! My search has ended. I have found a great bagel spot, where the dough is thick, fresh, soft... and you don't need to toast it! 

Everything at this place is homemade, even their cream cheeses.  They have such an extensive list of homemade cream cheeses, some could even be considered food (white fish, sounds scary but is absolutely delish). They will let you try different cream cheese flavors and you can combine them on your bagel.  It was recommended to combine the scallion and jalapeño... incredible, so flavorful but nothing overwhelming.

I have also tried their falafel sandwich. Falafels are always a hit or miss with me, some places deep fry them too much, others try to make them overly healthy. Their homemade falafel was the perfect balance! So delicious and you can choose to have it spicy or regular on the sandwich.  I went spicy! The spice does not deter from the falafel flavor, really good balance with the veggies on the sandwich. Last, their pita bread gets five stars on its own. It was so thin and fresh, but didn't break the still could hold the sandwich.

 Breakfast or lunch, this place is great! Can't wait to try their kebabs next.
I heard there was a place making hand-rolled New York Style bagels, and I had to check them out. Being from New York, bagels are a way of life. Anytime of day, it's the perfect street food that can be made to order savory or sweet. Talia's does just that. Simple, yet mouth-watering combinations guaranteed to make you melt. 

I put in an order for take-out through the Yelp App and within 7 minutes my order was ready. Walked in and the owner immediately greeted me. He said I didn't look familiar and asked how did I hear about them. That took me be surprise, yet he was right. 

After talking for a couple of minutes I went on my way. Got home, didn't disrobe, and started eating before I got a shoe off. I should have ordered 2 of them. It's been so long since I've had quality bagels, it made me appreciate them all over again.
Placed an online order for a bagel and coffee before my commute this morning and received a call from the restaurant confirming my order.

When I arrived 10 minutes after my confirmed time, I was disappointed to find that my order was not ready. What was the point of calling me earlier to confirm the order if you're not going to make it until I get there?

They are also not allowing customers inside due to COVID. So, I stood at the door and relayed my order to the staff to make my food. Thankfully, it did not take too long for my order to be prepared, as there was no one ahead of me. 

The nice lady went back and forth to collect my payment and to bring my food over to me as I waited at the door. They need to have a better system than this.

Overall, the bagel and iced coffee were both good. I would recommend against mixing schmears unless you know they taste good together.

There is also $10 minimum for credit card.
YESSS, I DID IT! I found a new Bagel spot in Philly! Do you know how happy this makes me?!

I was starving and on a mission to find something in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. Some quick Yelp'ing took me to Talia's Grille. It is located on Girard, which honestly isn't the most glamorous spot in the city, but still, this wasn't going to stop me from getting my morning bagel!

I walked into this very small restaurant and was quickly approached by the kind owner, Adal. I don't think words can do justice to describe just how friendly and personable he is. I could immediately tell how proud he is of his restaurant - as he should be!

They have an overwhelming amount of bagel and cream cheese options. I was feeling something savory and was intrigued by both the Olive Cream Cheese and Horseradish Cheddar Cream Cheese. Since I had never had these unique flavors before, Adal was kind enough to let me sample both before making my final decision. Both were delicious so I decided to get a Wheat Bagel with half of each. 

This New York water bagel was fresh, doughy, and HUGE! I was very content with it. He slathered on heaping spoonfuls of the cream cheese which I really appreciate!

Just as I was leaving with my bagel, he offered me a sample of the Orzo Salad which was fantastic and fresh! I will absolutely be getting that next time!

All in all, I am so happy to have discovered this hidden gem and will be sure to return again! I would highly recommend checking it out if you're in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area! Not in the area? Not a problem. They deliver too!!! :)
Love Love LOVE Talia's. Honestly I cannot say enough about this quaint, family owned Greek deli. I came in today and The Papa was behind the counter (usually it's the Mama and little Talia) and he squinted at me and said "howwww did u hear about Talia's?". I get it. He's never seen me before. Maybe he thought I was a bagel spy. A bagel Slugworth perhaps. Probably not. They must have a familiar and consistent client base. 
At Talia's they make legit breakfast sandwiches all day long on super fresh bagels as well as an assortment of other Mediterranean delights. I went for simple tuna on a pita today and u know what???........the Papa nailed it. Super fresh. Perfect Size. Delivery starts at 9am and you can order thru UberEATS, Grubhub, or Yelp24. 
I love an underdog like Talia's. An understated store front. No gimmicks or flash. Just consistent, quality products.
These are some of the best bagels I've had. I prefer them over Philly Style. It's like eating a cloud. The cream cheeses are delicious as well. Best of all, the people are super friendly and really passionate about their craft. I'm not surprised that Delish rated them best bagels in PA!
The perfect breakfast sandwich is hard to find.... Until you pair it with an amazing bagel!!!!

Price: cheap
Food: fresh. delicious. the whitefish salad is smokey and amazing (and i don't like whitefish)! do not toast the bagels because they are so fresh and soft that they don't need to be "ruined".  i have such a strong liking for this place we tried lunch over the weekend on top of our breakfast run and i had the falafel which was really good. the pita was thin and not stale and there was little sauce on it which i enjoyed more than the messy unhealthy falafel. my husband got the roast beef panini and said it was excellent and he would definitely be getting it again!
Service: friendly. helpful. chef has cooked for some very famous people (he's the real deal!)

*if you couldn't tell im just really excited for a great, fast, cheap breakfast take out spot!
The customer service at Talia's is out of this world. My first visit was this morning after wanting to try it for months. The husband and wife owners each immediately shook my hand, introduced themselves, and offered me cream cheese samples. The bagels are New York style - and recently rated best in PA as the owner pointed out. Delicious, big, soft, hand-rolled bagels and homemade cream cheeses have me eager to come back soon!
I'm from Brooklyn, NY and haven't found our level bagels in Philly... I was a frequent eater at a couple bagelries in South Philly but this was just out of the park. 

First off, the owner is extremely pleasant and has an incredibly interesting culinary history. He himself, was a chef in NYC and worked as some prime restaurants. The authenticity of his Greek/Egyptian roots are clearly seen in the food as well. I enjoyed a chicken gyro and it was flawlessly cooked.

So happy I found this gem and will definitely return as long as I am in Philadelphia. 

Bravo!
Anyone who reads my reviews might come away saying "yea yea I get it, New York has the best everything " and I say "no, we just have the best bagels, Deli's, pizza, and Italian restaurants ". I concede pretzels, cheesteaks and loading zone parking availability favor Philly! But these Talia's bagels are top shelf, definitely best in philly. Not sure about the owner, I'm sure he's lovely but I've only ordered delivery so can't speak to his wonderfulness! I can only implore all you Philadelphia people to eat this mans bagels, holy F, they're delicious!
I work in the area and have been eating lunch here about 2/3 times a week for nearly a year, and if I could give this place 10 stars, I would. I usually order the Chicken Kebab, but have also eaten their blackened Talapia and have had quite a few of their cold salads and bagels. Each and every time, the food blows my mind -  flavorful, textures that are prepared to perfection, and generous portions for the price (the Talapia is 9.99 and could feed two, the bagels are yuuuuge!). The exterior belies the experience inside. This is not so much fast food as it is a fresh place to get middle eastern cuisine. Each hot plate is cooked fresh, so it is best to call ahead as it will take them about 15 minutes to prepare if you walk in. But do be sure to go visit, because the family that owns this place is infectiously friendly. Also, it's super clean inside and that gives me peace of mind. Located between Fishtown and Northern Liberties, two areas known for their abundance of good dining, this non-descript, family-run, eatery stands out from the pack.
Its a small mom n pop shop serving unique bagel options. It literally has 4 tables with 3 chairs each and a small window bar. The place seems to be mostly like a take out place. I had a very mixed experience.
Last time, I was here on Sunday morning and had everything bagel with Jalepeno cream cheese. The bagel was fresh and cream cheese was delicious. I did not like the customer service. For some reason, when I ordered bagel and cream cheese, my bagel was automatically toasted but then the group behind me were asked if they wanted their bagels toasted or not. I came back that evening to order dinner, hoping that morning would be a one off experience. Asked for a Mediterranean recommendation and was suggested wings. Which Mediterranean country serves wings? Still I went with the choice and regret the decision.
Overall, I recommend their bagels n cream cheese but nothing else. Do not expect the warmth that you typically get in a family-owned shop.
Best bagels in fishtown and northern liberties! Don't let the surrounding businesses scare you away. This is a legit business and the owner is super friendly. Makes everything fresh - bagels, salads, etc. A great addition to our neighborhood. Also can bring your dog in - mine always leaves with a free bagel!
So i stumbled on to this place on yelp. The photos alone sold me. One of the owners and chefs suggested the grilled lamb chops with lamb kabobs platter. 

Wow! Was this good. With all the new places popping up in this area, this was a refreshing find away from the crowds. 

These former New York expats also make great bagels as well as a myriad of toppings. I'll be back for more.
My husband and I discovered this gem right before we moved out of the city. I was so upset that I hadn't had them sooner- I ordered a dozen bagels on our last day of moving and froze them in my now suburban house. These are by far and away the best bagels I've ever had. 

Just go there, support a family business, order a bagel, eat the incredible bagel, smile at the fact you just ate the best bagel in Philadephia and repeat indefinitely. I know I would if I could.
Bagels are the real deal. It's a pretty simple menu but the bagels are made the way they should be. Big, soft and full of flavor. When I was ordering, the guy helping me told me not to toast it because it's so fresh, and he was spot on! I got an everything bagel with cream cheese and lox, Letitia tomato and onion and it was perfection.  I will never again waste my time waiting in line at that silly hipster place, philly style bagel, for a bagel that is a quarter of the size that it should be (and twice as expensive). Talia's is my new go to! I wish they would open one in Center city!
Talia's is amazing! Ordered the chicken breast which came with rice and it was very large and only $8. It could have easily fed two. The owner is so friendly and generous and treats everyone that walks in like a friend he's known for years! The bagels are fresh and so good! This will definitely be my go-to spot for breakfast and dinner!
This place is awesome! The owner was extremely kind, he made an effort to ask and remember my name as well as my friends and our roommate who stopped by earlier and bought a gyro (which was great btw). He let me sample the edamame salad which I'll definitely be back to get more of. The prices are absolutely reasonable. I'd definitely recommend this place for quick service, delicious food, a wide variety, and great prices!
Decided to stop in for a quick bite after work and so happy I did. The food and service were great. The owner and his family were very sweet and all of their dishes are homemade. I had the falafel sandwich and I'll be back again for a bagel!
Talia's is great!!! My boyfriend just moved to the area last week and we have already been here twice. The bagels are great, all their food is fresh and homemade and the french vanilla iced coffee is incredible!!!!! Best I've ever had. Also, the owners are so welcoming and friendly :)
Best bagels in Fishtown/ Northern Liberties, hands down, and probably the entire city!  

Authentic New York water bagels!  They deliver breakfast and lunch!  Please support this business.
I've always heard this place was good for bagels in the morning. My wife and I went here in a spur of the moment decision and we were really glad we did. We were greeted with smiles and the people taking our order were very patient since it was our first time there. They let us try all the different kinds of cream cheese for the bagels and we ended up taking a dozen with about one of each bagel. The bagels were very delicious and soft on the inside so you could tell they were recently baked fresh! I would definitely recommend this place for bagels I haven't tried any of the other items on the menu but if they're as good as the bagels were then I'll definitely be coming back!
My husband and I stopped into Talias on a whim as we were in the area. This was the best bagel that I have ever had. Not only were they super friendly, but the bagel and cream cheese was heavenly. The bagel was so fresh and the scallion cream cheese paired perfectly. They gave us tastings of the other flavors: horseradish cheddar, jalapeño, sun-dried tomato and white fish. They were all delicious. I will definitely be back here for breakfast and to try out the lunch options.
I ordered two breakfast sandwiches for delivery for the total of 16.46. The sausage/egg/cheese bagel did not have nearly enough meat or egg on it. The sausage was approximately 1/3 the size of the bagel. The majority of the sandwich consisted of bagel with nothing on it. I would not order from here again.
My husband and I decided to stop here after running some errands in the neighborhood. I'd originally planned to go to La Colombe for a breakfast sammie, but stumbled upon Talia's when we saw that Frankford Ave was closed for construction.

I'm so glad we did!

We were outside looking at the menu when the owner walked up and greeted us. After talking for a moment, I knew this was one of those places that, while unassuming from the outside, are absolute gems. They make neighborhoods feel neighborly, you know?

From when he took our order to when the food came out was about 10 minutes, so super speedy. The food itself was delicious, and there was a lot of it. We both had gyro platters and are currently and happily entering nap mode after eating everything.

The real star of this place is the owner, though. When he brought our food out, he asked us if we'd had his bagels before. When we said no, he brought a plain one out for us to try and explained how he makes them. It was an absolutely perfect New York-style bagel, and we will definitely be coming back for more bagels the next time we're in Fishtown.

Oh, and their large coffees? They're the size of a small bucket. And the coffee is delicious.

I'm so glad we happened upon Talia's today. Great food, surprise bagel, and a super friendly (and generous) owner absolutely made our day. Thanks so much for everything!
Amazing food. The people are wonderful

The bagels, are some of if not the best i ever had,
The kebab was excellent. 
The tiramisu hands down BEST. You can tell its home made.

This will be coming back here
Wow. This place is amazing. They have some of the best bagels I've come across in Philly. It's only $10 a dozen which is a relief from the other place located in Fishtown. The bagels are nice, large and 100% Avi approved. I've also tried their wings and shwarma. I prefer my shwarma to be shaved chicken, not done on the grille, but it was good. I'm a shwarma lover and spent a lot of time in the middle east, so I'm also kinda picky. I also suggest the wings here. Haven't tried the rest.
We recently moved to the area and stumbled upon this place when looking for a good bagel sandwich and found this absolute gem! The owners are the friendliest people you could hope to meet and the prices are very reasonable especially compared to other places in the area. Closest to New York bagels I've had outside of New York and I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Excellent salads bagels and service!  The friendly gentleman working here have us some great samples.  Great spot
My husband and I go to Talia's weekly to stock up on hummus, bagels and cream cheese.  The hummus is light and fresh.  The bagels are huge and there's a variety of flavored cream cheeses to choose from, all of which are decadent.  We've tried many other items from the menu as well.  The salads, falafel, breakfast sandwiches - everything we've had is great.  The whitefish salad bagel sandwich is an awesome alternative to a standard tuna salad.  Every time we stop in the owner Adel is always so friendly and we end up talking for a good bit.  He never lets us leave without a free sample of something delicious and has given our dog a few treats!
Stellar bagels.  The best in Philadelphia by far, you just don't know about it because it's not run by hipster clowns.  True bagels, they way they should be, simple but fresh and delicious middle-eastern and mediterranean salads and a few basic deserts.

Best whitefish salad in the city.  Really good prices, and the owners are beyond hospitable and eager for people to like their food.  I've never gone there without getting something given to me for free.  Really, one of the great unknown and unassuming places for stellar bagels and middle-eastern style deli offerings.
I would like to start this review by separating 3 things, the bagel itself, the preparation, and the cream cheese. 

The bagel- I got an everything bagel that looked huge and delicious! It was a bit doughy for my taste, and I prefer a bit more toppings of my everything bagels, but overall pretty good. 7/10

The preparation- I asked for my bagel toasted and watched the guy put it in the toaster, so imagine my disappointment when I go to eat it and it's raw. Not even remotely toasted. How did he pull it out of the toaster and cut it and not realize it wasn't hot or crispy? Also, the cream cheese, while there was a lot of it, was globbed in the middle. I would have liked for them to spread it.

The cream cheese- I got jalapeño cream cheese. Now, I spent most of my morning trying to figure out exactly what I didn't like about it because, in theory, it should have been good. They make it themselves and literally just purée jalepenos and mix it with the cream cheese. However, something wasn't right about it. It tasted...off. Well, I figured it out! They leave the skin on! So the actual pepper and the skin have distinctly different flavors. The skin is more earthy of a taste and the insides more sweet. I think that when they purée it, they leave the skin on which gave it an odd flavor. Don't get me wrong, it tasted like a jalapeño, because it was, but it just wasn't very good. 

I'll be back to try other things because, like I said, the bagel itself was good, just undercooked with weird cream cheese. Maybe I'll update my review later with better results...
Ordered 2 bagel sandwiches and a cheese steak. When they delivered the food they forgot a bagel sandwich and the cheese steak was a piece of steak w cheese on bread... that is not a cheesesteak! The bagel on the other hand was A+
The lentil salad is amazing.  Like, I ate it yesterday and woke up craving it today so went back for another pound. The bagels are great and really do (almost) taste like NY bagels. I'm so excited to have a new place with some interesting healthy options at such great non-crazy-northern-liberties-prices! I think I'm going to be here a lot.  You should, too.
Great place for breakfast and specialty sandwiches- I came into the shop after getting my dog groomed at Spot's Spot...warm welcome and I had two meals 

1. Chicken Gyro - very good 
2. Bacon Egg and Cheese - very good 

Family owned and operated - nice Job Talia
Talia's is my new favorite place in the neighborhood ..... Right across the street from me ..... I have fresh bagels .... Tons of assorted cream cheeses ..... Fresh made salad ..... My personal favorites are the pepper slaw and the lentil salad .... Angel hair salad is also terrific ....the owner and workers ... Are amazing ... Friendly and accommodating.... My new go to for take out lunch and dinner ......extensive menu ...... The bagels are the best .......
Some of the best New York style bagels you can get in Philly. Owner and his wife were incredibly welcoming and will just about give you a full tasting of everything on the menu. White fish salad was bomb, and their homemade cream cheeses were very flavorful and rich. They give huge portions and include pickle and chips along with bagel purchase. Can't wait to return for dinner, they put a lot of pride and effort in their food and the quality shows.
The food was amazing! 
Also, guys, Adel, the owner and chef was cooking for Pr. Nixon and Pr.Dwight D. Eisenhower! 
I enjoyed food a lot! Recommend!
Best bagels in Philly. May be better than anything I've had in New York City. (Yes, that's a strong statement)

Small mom/pop shop. Very nice and courteous customer service. Nothing fancy, straightforward delicious bagels. Def a must go.
The owners are the nicest people. Super welcoming and made sure we had everything we wanted. I got a gyro and baklava. Both were amazing, and the baklava was the best I ever had. 

They also gave us a free bagel each on our way out! Go and have a chat with the owner, he's got some cool stories from his restaurant in NY.
Their lamb khabob platter is super tasty, comes with  salad ,pita and sauce.. Im a fan big time and am looking forward to ordering again.. Food is nice and hot when delivered..
The first thing I will say about this place is the owner was a very nice man. He is welcoming and will gladly tell you anything you want to know about the food or business. 

The food itself is great while being some of the most affordable in the area. The bagels are great and probably my favorite that I have had in the area. Altogether I think this is a great local business that I would encourage everyone to stop by and try.
This place was great, the food was delicious, i only tried the falafel sandwich and it was great, the owner and staff were amazing and friendly..
Definitely will be back.
Bagels are amazing. I don't think there's any question that they are the best in fishtown and probably northern liberties as well. They are big and are the only NY style bagels around here. We tried the chicken, tuna and egg salads, which were decent. The spreads are unique and their little girl ( who the place is named after) was there and is adorable, which makes you want to support this local business even more.
I love this place for breakfast! The bagels are amazing and the cream cheese is super fresh, best bagels in town. The owners are always super friendly and welcoming, this place def puts a smile on my face
Talia's Grill is HANDS DOWN the best place to get bagels in the fishtown/nolibs area. The owner is incredibly sweet and personable. He gave us a complimentary sampler plate of his Greek dishes including orzo and other samples and everything was so fresh. The bagels are big, fluffy, doughy and homemade, and perfectly crispy. There are a variety of homemade cream cheeses and everything is reasonably priced. 

Definitely talk to the owner. He cooked for Nixon, Arnold Palmer, and other celebrities in NYC before setting up shop in Philly. 

Can't wait to go back for more bagels and Greek foods! I know it seems weird to get bagels at a Greek place but trust me, you want to try these.
I've been here before and the bagels themselves were very good, but odd to put caraway seed on everything bagels. I guess everything shouldn't include "everything." I went today and found they were closed without any notice (on the door or otherwise). This is how places lose business because they are unreliable (see Cafe Chismosa). Hope this place becomes more reliable because there's no other half decent option in Northern Liberties.
So unexpected and so delicious! The owners are so kind, the bagels were the best!  The baklava looked so good, can't wait to go back and try it!
The mom and pop who run this place are absolutely lovely. They really enjoy taking care of their customers. The bagels are really good and for the price, you can't beat it. Not exactly a "new york" style bagel but they add their own Mediterranean style and it is delicious. We walked in one afternoon looking for some bagels and lox cream cheese, which is delicious btw, and the wife and husband offered us samples of all their salads and spreads. All of which were amazing!!! I'd recommend the tabouli. If you're in the area, definitely check them out.
This place is the very definition of a small family business that makes our NoLibs community so great. Named after their daughter, it is staffed by the very pleasant and friendly Doa and Abdel. It is my go-to for cheap and delicious breakfast sandwiches (my favorite is the sausage/egg/cheese on onion). They also have an assortment of Mediterranean specialties, including refreshing salads (to try: beet, lentil, and couscous). Fast service and, sometimes, you get a crayon-colored drawing from Talia herself!
It's hard to find quick, healthy meals when you're in the go. I popped in Talia's once when I felt like trying something new in the neighborhood and I was so pleasantly surprised! The owner made me a salad he concocted based off what I said I was in the mood for (vague, at best lol) and it was DELICIOUS! I don't even like white meat chicken and I ate every bite that was in my salad, so flavorful! We chatted for a while, he is relatively new to this business/location but had cooked for presidents and celebrities in the past.

He cares so much about the neighborhood that even the local pigeons get to sample the bagels at the end of the day! I came in for a second time, he remembered me and when I said I forgot my wallet he said I could simply pay him next time. This is a caring business owner who has made a repeat customer from his kindnesses and delicious food. Definitely try it if you like Mediterranean food and the bagels are great too!
The simple bagel and cream cheese have been forever ruined for me because of this hidden gem. I can't get it from anywhere else, nor would I even to. It'd just be asking for an epic letdown. Trust me and get yourself a toasted everything bagel with scallion and jalapeño mix cream cheese. It'll change your life as it did mine.
This is probably the worst place to order delivery. I ordered breakfast and it said an hour wait, so I decided to wait the hour. However, a 1 hour wait turned into a 3 hour wait. I called to get an update on my order and the manager or whoever that prick was, was being rude. If you can handle the demand after New Years then don't take orders! Instead of telling me, it will be ready in 10 minutes. Lies. Be professional and just tell me the wait is going to be longer then expected. Overrated place, unprofessional, and not prepared.
Surprised by the quality of the food. Everything Bagel with scallion cheese is a must have. 

We got the chicken gyro and falafel platters too. Everything was super delicious - believe you don't want to miss out on this one.
I don't know... I guess I just don't get the hype about the bagels. I've now tried this place 3 different times - only ordered bagels with spreads, so can't comment on their other food. I just don't think their bagels are that good. They're big, they've got that going for them, but to me, they lack any kind of flavor. The everything bagels have very minimal toppings. Might give this place another try for some of their other food offerings, but I won't be back for bagels.
The food here is out of this world!  The bagels and cream cheese (my favorite is blueberry) are the best I have ever tasted.  Salads are homemade, as everything else there, and fresh and delicious!! The owner is friendly,  gracious and sweet.  Thank you Talia's!
Wonderfully fresh NEW YORK bagels in Philly! No longer are the days where I have to suffer through a wawa bagel. Incredibly friendly staff who aim to please and wonderful customer service. So glad I can walk here for my bagel fix. I haven't tried anything else yet, but I plan to order non-breakfast items soon.
No nonsense little place. I came in here to grab an onion bagel with scallion cream cheese to go. The man in here was super friendly and made my bagel immediately. I also loved that there were fresh cut scallions in the cream cheese! Seems like they make it fresh daily. The bagel was delicious. I will be back!
The freshest, chewy bagels in the whole neighborhood! Service is always quick, no wait time ever. The family who owns this spot is so friendly. I found my new favorite breakfast spot!
I loved this place from the second we walked in. The man and woman running it were the nicest people in the world. They let me try various cream cheeses and settled on everything bagel toasted with veggie cream cheese. It was hands down the best bagel and cream cheese combo that I've ever had living in Philly (going on 15 years). The bagels brought me back home to North Jersey. They're large bagels (NYC style) that are soft on the inside. I can't wait to come back for more bagels and I plan on trying way more things on the menu as everything looked super fresh and delicious :-)
Glad to have stumbled across this place.. had a plain bagel w/the lox cream cheese.. it was delicious. The owners were extremely friendly & the coffee was HOT!! If in the area I would definitely check it out!
Very disappointed in my order overall. One item did not come with a side of roasted potatoes as stated on the menu. Also, the delivery driver pretended not to have change when I said I only had a $10 bill for a tip. I close the door and magically a five dollar bill appeared out of nowhere. It's basically left me no option other than to tip him five dollars or give him nothing. That is a terrible position to put your customer in if you want them to have a good experience. Neither of these were enough to make up for the food which was actually fairly good. But because of the two shortcomings I will never be eating here again.

Edit:
Added a star because that is the best tiramisu I've ever had.
I got the lamb chops platter for pickup through Grubhub, and it tasted MAGNIFICENT. So much flavor, and cooked perfectly. Dressing on the side salad was zesty, spices on the lamb made it interesting. However, was a little disappointed by the portion size for the price of 17$. It only had to have about 1/2 cup of rice under the 3 mid-to-small-sized chops. And I was huuungry, so I easily finished it all and was still left wanting more. 
I also got the 12pc Thai wings, which tasted like brown sugar melted with red chilis, a little more sweet than I was expecting, but again, not a lot of meat on the wings. Maybe go for an extra side of fries (had some of my friend's, THE SEASONING WAS SO GOOD) or a 1lb salad if you're eating here and you're hungry.
I do not return to this business, the couple who attend they have a way of speaking that is not prudent, they are in a bad mood and even speak out loud as if they were yelling at you. The truth I did not like the way he spoke to me..
Very sad. I arrived Thur at 630pm, sign says open. Hours said until 8pm. But door is locked. Does not look like they are 100% sold out.
Solid bagel spot - bagels are soft & chewy inside & crunchy outside. All cream cheese spreads are homemade; I had the scallion mixes with jalapeño spread (100% recommend). 
The owner is really friendly - she's happy to give recommendations & let's you get a sample of cream cheese if you ask. Location is clean. Will be going back for sure.
The BEST bagels in NL and Fishtown, hands down. Nicest owners, their whitefish salad is on point too. Actually, everything we have ever had from here has been excellent. This is the kind of neighborhood establishment we need to support!
Delicious bagels! The scallion cream cheese was fabulous. Lots of scallion flavor, just how I like it!
I ordered through DoorDash and I'm going off the time The apps say it would be ready. The woman called me 7 minutes early being rude and nasty. I was completely confused. She's like "hurry up and come get your food, it's ready, didn't you order from here? do you want your stuff" I really didn't know what to say so I just hung up and got out to get it. She's at the door of the store with my food in here hand swinging it telling me to hurry up and come get it. When I say I almost lost my marbles...I kept my composure though because it was people there as well waiting for there food... I didn't even eat the food! I was baffled. All in all the people are evil here. I wouldn't recommend
Delicious! Friendly and charming owners. Get the tiramisu, you won't regret it!!!!!!!
Ordered a chicken salad today. The website says the prices on menu which was stated at $9.99. When I went to get it was $16.00. How can this be?
Tried contacting them to understand what go lost in translation an was told I'm wrong. Yet this is the internet an as a consumer you'd acknowledge what one advertises is what's available. That's not the case here, they just add a special tax. Looked at the salad after all this an was so disgusted I threw it out. Waste of time an money, best to avoid.
My husband and I go to Talia's weekly to stock up on hummus, bagels and cream cheese.  The hummus is light and fresh.  The bagels are huge and there's a variety of flavored cream cheeses to choose from, all of which are decadent.  We've tried many other items from the menu as well.  The salads, falafel, breakfast sandwiches - everything we've had is great.  The whitefish salad bagel sandwich is an awesome alternative to a standard tuna salad.  Every time we stop in the owner Adel is always so friendly and we end up talking for a good bit.  He never lets us leave without a free sample of something delicious and has given our dog a few treats!
I was in the mood for bagels a few weeks ago, so I did a yelp search of best bagels in Philadelphia. Talia's came up and The Kettle Black also rated highly. The first time I went to Kettle Black, they were sold out, so I went to Talia's. The bagels and spreads were first rate. I got an assortment of bagels, plus scallion and lox cream cheese spreads. All were delicious. These spreads are homemade and much better than you can get elsewhere. The scallion spread is exceptional.

Yesterday, I decided I still wanted to try Kettle Black. I went in there and found it to be crowded with limited selection and high prices. It seems very yuppified and pretentious. The clientele look like dorky white collar types. I left and went back to Talia's. This time, I got the vegetable cream cheese spread and some bagels. The spread was excellent. 
For my money, Talia's is a better choice. It's in a grittier neighborhood, but the prices are better, it's not crowded, and the food is of very high quality. The service is also great. The people are very friendly and helpful. Talia's is a much better value. 
I plan to try their sandwiches next time.
I haven't tried much from here but the bagels I've had are delicious! Talia's (named after the daughter of this mom and pop restaurant, who you can usually see playing around in the front) makes consistently fresh and yummy bagels. They also have a few cream cheeses to choose from (scallion is my favorite). The bagels and amount of cream cheese they give are also pretty hefty for the cost. 

The family is the sweetest!--I once came in at 4:45, not realizing until later that they had closed at 4 and forgotten to lock the door, and they didn't miss a beat in firing up the toaster to satisfy my random mid-afternoon bagel craving. Love this place!
I was expecting a lot more from this place. It was not busy when I went in and a man in the back was mopping the floor by the grille... it already looked pretty gross in there and then this guy is mopping right near where they cook in the middle of the day on a sunday (obviously this was a pressing matter and could not wait until after hours)... turn off number one. I ordered an everything bagel with nova lox, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onion which came to $11. Maybe it's just me but I thought that was extremely expensive when I know other places I can get lox on a bagel for cheaper, I ask the woman at the register how it could be $11 and she said that was a good price and went in the back to grab a bagel and showed me how big it was (the bagels are huge) and kept saying "this is different this is a new york bagel it's different you will see"... I'm just like ok! (turn off number 2) I was hungry and didn't feel like getting into it with her. Food came fast. I get back to work to eat it and the presentation wasa nice, the sandwich was huge but after taking a bite I realized that was due to the bagel and the obnoxious amount of iceberg lettuce stuffed in the sandwich. It was just not good. Barely any salmon, tons of cream cheese (which I liked) and NO ONIONS. Honestly it just tasted like cream cheese and iceberg lettuce on a bagel. I was determined to finish it because it was so pricey, but only got halfway through and threw it out. It also upset my stomach. I definitely won't be back as I'm not looking to spend that much money on something that was basically inedible. I guess if you just buy a bagel and spread that might be a better buy? The menu is unclear which is why I didn't understand how my sandwich cost so much. Maybe they were charging me for all the damn lettuce they put on there xD
I'm not going to give them one star because their food is actually good, but I ordered on DoorDash today just like any other order and they decided to cancel. I called to find out what was going on, and they told me that DoorDash kept calling them saying that I was getting a refund on every order I've had with them, so they won't be taking my orders anymore since they're losing money. I told him that wasn't true, I only got a refund on the very first order I ever received them from because it was wrong & I'm not going to pay for a wrong order. He continued to go back-and-forth with me and I just told him to forget it, I won't buy from them anymore. They lost a customer in the most ridiculous way, good luck to them.
The whitefish was good but very salty.  The chicken shawarma was a waste of my money.
I guess I just ordered the wrong thing? I've ordered various things from talias a few times during quarantine and it's consistent and usually good. Today I decided to try a bagel with jalapeño cream cheese. When ordering something like jalapeño cream cheese you expect cream cheese with pieces of jalapeño mixed in. What I got was mashed jalapeño with just the slightest amount of cream cheese. There are even seeds left in the spread. I had to take most of it off and I think there's nothing more frustrating than having to deconstruct a bagel. I've eaten tons of bagels and have never encountered a cream cheese like this it just really missed the mark. I'm bummed. I think if I had gotten plain cream cheese this review would be a lot different. But seriously who makes cream cheese like this?? Especially a place with 'bagels' in the title!
The first time I ordered, an hour later they called me and told me the order couldnt process because they were closing. Then tried to deliver my order THE NEXT DAY. Who does that?
 Today I decided to give them a second shot.  Ordered three bagels.  One was a tuna salad bagel, a sausage egg and cheese, and a raisin bagel w/creamcheese. It took over an hour to get them.    I asked for the bagel with tuna salad to have  creamcheese. Done.    6 HOURS later they try to call me and tell me I need to send them an extra two dollars...  really? again, who does that?    The food was okay, but I certainly wouldnt pay $10 bucks for a tuna salad bagel again.  Bagels are good, But the tuna was kinda gross.

oh well. Wont order again.
Great little mom and pop shop!  The two owners were so warm and welcoming.  We went in to get some breakfast sandwiches and they started letting us trying samples of all their different samples of their salads and spreads.  All the bagels are made by hand everyday.  Quality food and great people!  Makes you feel good supporting their local business for sure.
Is it just me, or is the staff racist here? On multiple occasions, I've just seen weird stuff happen here. This most recent event, I order something, and I'm made to wait outside in the cold. Meanwhile, there's a white guy allowed to wait inside. I don't want to make a flat out accusation, because their rudeness may just be equal opportunity, but I feel like I've put up with enough from this place.
Delicious fresh New York style bagels! Cream cheese tastes so good. They are very generous with their cream cheese. Lots of flavor to choose from. Try it and you won't be let down. You will keep coming back.
I go there for the bagels and the spreads.  Best bagels.  True to the NY style.  They also have a great variety of spreads.  Whitefish - classic.  The lox cream cheese is good.  The Sundried tomato one is a nice change of pace and the Raisin one is great for a dessert bagel.  They are also the nicest two people.  If you need bagels for a group - there is NO better selection -
