A magical fairy lit garden restaurant is perfection! Climbing vines on training trellises cover the walls, large planters and trees are growing and flowering all around you, it's like being in 'The Secret Garden' Storybook of your childhood. As the evening approached the plants and trees faded into the darkness, and the tiny lights stood out shining like stars all around you. The scene is dreamy, relaxing and puts you in a great mood.
Not only are the chefs creating mouth watering delicious meals, the presentation is excellent, and the staff is very attentive. loved the brightly colored sauce dots on a few of the mains, and the mix of different plates was fun too. Every dish was awesome, fried oysters, pork belly, trout, watermelon salad, beats, peach crisp.. and so much more. We left full and content!
Last night we were celebrating a birthday, I've also been a few times before for dinner with girlfriends and other couples. Always a lovely meal in a beautiful setting!
Fantastic food along with professional and sincere service.

Myself and a VIP decided to try a restaurant which neither have been to. After some research, Boom and KA-POW!

We both decided to allow the Chef to bring it on with a Tasting Menu. Priced at 100 per diner. This was on a whim and the experience was outstanding.

I didn't take copious notes however there were about 7 courses.

Each course  was delectable and stunningly presented.

Bold flavors and each course stood on its own. Magnificent and we thank you chef and servers who were on top of their game.

Folks, this was Ka-Pow!
Dotting the sidewalk east of Washington Square are "sidewalk chalets'; pod like structures bourne out of pandemic necessity. These 4-5 person raised pods enclosed on 3 sides and a roof with heat for chilly spring evenings backdropped by the park's spring bloom provide a city oasis as vaccinations release diners into the night. 

Professional servers attend to the table armed with an array of seasonally driven menu selections and a lovely cocktail mix with an expansive wine by glass or bottle offering. 

The Master Class cheese board with delectable local artisan cheese selections from Gouda, pecorino and rich bleu cheese and creamy Brie with dollops of fruit and jams alongside fresh French bread get the tastebuds flowing. 

The seared sea scallops beckon summers return in an exquisite yet delightful lemon and white bean broth infused by early spring basil. The rich short ribs in a wine reduction reminds us fleece vests and frosty mornings dot the spring landscape. The ubiquitous branzino is raised in a pillowy filet brought alive with blood oranges and hot salsa verde. 

The servers come at once with the entrees ensuring even service and hot deliveries. They know that professionalism means knowing who ordered each dish without prompting. 

The food makes it more than enjoyable but the outdoor spring sensations and service make it an experience to those venturing back into the world as we knew it was and can be.
Ooo la la Talula! 

Came here for a Saturday brunch and this place knows how to do it! 

Located on the edge of Washington Square West, the spot definitely has street presence. The signage is apparent making it easy to find. We had made a reservation for 10AM on OpenTable (as all on site dining is nowadays during COVID - reservations are required), and upon our arrival we were quickly seated in our outdoor spot. As is the name, the motif is outdoorsy filled with greenery and whimsy. The space has definitely transformed in COVID times with a lot of outdoor structures built to accommodate the crowds and still abide by guidelines. 

We were seated in the inner outdoor structure which was covered with plexiglass and had plenty of heaters going on allowing us to take our coats off and feel comfortable. We peered over the menu and our waitress got our water and coffee. She was nice in getting us comfortable and kept her mask on and socially distanced (as best as possible) throughout her entire engagement with us.

We started the morning with the apple and butternut squash soup - topped with harissa whipped goat cheese and roasted quinoa. What a great palate starter! Spicy, hearty, warm - and very necessary while outside. 

For our mains we ordered the farm fresh omelette (filled brie and leeks that came with a side salad and potato fritters) and the winter grain bowl (quinoa, brussel sprouts, squash, kale, walnut purée, with an apple cider vinaigrette.) Both dishes were ample portion wise and the flavors were spot on and hit those savory notes. 

They do have a pretty decent drinks menu but we opted out so can't comment on that - but definitely worth trying out next time. Also, they do not have their coffee menu listed but they're able to provide simple espresso and coffee drinks if you ask. 

Of note, it was definitely a treat for us as this is more of a well known/premium spot, the prices were reflective. 

COVID review: all the workers were wearing masks. The social distancing was decently in place between tables, they took wrist temps at check-in and hand sanitizer is also available at this time. 

Overall happy with the experience! The food was solid, the facade was well done, and great service! Enjoy your time!
What else can a Yelper say about Talula's Garden that has not been written about in the 1500 plus reviews already.  Talula's had been on my radar for years and I finally made it happen.  On a nice breezy no-humidity weekday evening, I made an early reservation and was able to choose a table in the cozy outdoor dining space.

For our first visit we decided to share our way through the menu, we started with the Mini Mushroom, "Pizza", Handmade Flatbread, Buffalo Milk Taleggio, Thyme and Sweet Onion. It was a great start to the evening.

For the pasta dish we chose the Ricotta-Goat Cheese Ravioli, Preserved Lemon Sauce, Fresh Green Asparagus, Chives and Chili Spiced Breadcrumb. More Please :))

For the Main dish (so many great choices) we decided on the Pan Roasted Scottish Salmon, Crispy Curried Potato Croquettes, Green Garlic Sauce, Asparagus and Roasted Radishes. It was a great choice.

For dessert we went ventured solo and selected the PB&J Crunch Sundae - Strawberry sorbet, peanut butter ice cream and rice crispy crunchies.  I went with the Strawberry Mascarpone Cheesecake with roasted strawberries, black pepper shortbread and balsamic syrup. Both enjoyed with an espresso.

The service from the team at Talula's Garden was fantastic, attentive, on point, not rushed and pleasant. All in all a great experience.
I've been to Talula's Garden twice so far and the food has been nothing short of [fancy-descriptors-for-"wonderful"-insert-here].

I shamefully have not yet dined in the pretty outdoor section yet, however, due to rain and cold. Two good reasons to sit inside, yes? Plus, an excuse to return someday!

Highlights since TG has been reviewed many times over already:
- USA cheese plate. Geeeet a cheese plate... any cheese plate! You will not regret this decision. Oh my goodness, delicious.
- Chicken. Sounds boring, but their take is so tasty. This is some juicy stuff, and the accompanying sides are usually quite good too. Last visit, they were olives and potatoes.
- Peppermint tea. What a great way to end a meal! Cozy atmosphere + a cup of hot tea. So nice.

TG is expensive as heck, but it owns up to its rep, that's for sure.
Walking through the garden on a hot and humid Friday night, I was relieved to be sitting inside. But only because of the weather. The garden itself is a wonderland of flora, lights and the sounds of trickling water. Truly magical. 

Inside, the decor is a little more country farmhouse chic, and while the decorations can be a bit overdone in some areas, the overall feeling is very comfortable. We started with the seasonal sangria, served with fresh blueberries, green apple and basil. It was a refreshing choice for the day and I stuck with it on a second round. 

First up was "Not Your Granny's" cheese plate, consisting of six cheeses ranging from soft and slightly funky to a bold blue. Each came served along an appropriate accompaniment, and a ramekin with the most delicious flatbreads. 

Next we shared the peekytoe crab and lobster salad. I wasn't sure what to make of this, because every bite was different and I alternated between liking it a lot and not being so sure. I do have to admit, the substance covering the salad was a bit off-putting and I later noticed a neighboring diner picking around it as well. 

Fortunately, my main course of seared scallops with pine nuts and watercress picked things up again. The scallops were cooked perfectly. I was also so happy we ordered the delicious chard and braised leek gratinee at the last minute - it went perfectly with our dishes, and provided just enough food for a filling (but not too filling) dinner. Art had the wild striped bass with red quinoa, which he absolutely loved.

For dessert, French press coffee and the gooseberry almond crumble, served with black pepper meringue and heavenly lemon ice cream that I would personally like to order by the vat.
Great, innovative dishes using local, fresh produce in true farm-to-table style.  Their variety of cheese plates/assortments is second-to-none, and their drinks are on point (I highly recommend the Beekeeper!).  Menu changes monthly so always great variety and choices.  The decor and environment is also very welcoming, and you feel like it's home - if only I had any interior designer skills at all.

Enjoy!
A nightcap (or two) at the garden bar on a perfect summer night is about as magical as it gets in Philadelphia. After dinner in Queen Village, we decided to take a stroll and grab a drink, when we realized how close were were to Talula's. There were only a few people left at the bar when we arrived, and soon it was just the two of us. 

The cocktail list is full of refreshing options for summer. I tried their take on a Moscow Mule - it was tasty, but I do wish it was served in a copper mug. Drinks are pricey, with most in the $11-$15 range. That adds up quickly! Our bartender was great, and happy to answer questions. I'm really jonesing to return for a romantic dinner on the patio. Talula's is definitely in the running for my birthday dinner later this summer!
A second meal at Talula's Garden was enjoyable, though I still believe four stars is appropriate. While some items soar, others leave me wanting. And at prices like Talula's, I'd hope for my socks to be knocked off. That said, the place certainly doesn't hurt for business. We saw a two top get turned away for not having reservations on a notoriously slow night. So people are clearly loving the place. 

As was the case last time, the restaurant's decor was warm and comfortable, and service was perfect. We started with a fall cheese plate, which was really nicely done. The mushroom soup looked beautiful, but the creamy broth lacked the rich flavor I expected. 

My skirt steak entree was very good, with vinegary cipollini onions, broccoli and crispy potatoes. One thing I will say about Talula's is that the portions are generous. I couldn't finish my entree. 

For dessert, we shared the fig pudding, which is topped with butterscotch sauce and served with goat cheese ice cream. It's not the prettiest dessert, but on first taste I was absolutely hooked. One of the better desserts I've had in a while.
Talula's Garden is a beautiful, romantic and cozy setting in Washington Square. 

The restaurant is a very classy establishment with only seasonal food on the menu. The food is elegant and very tasteful.

For me, I just went to grab a cheese plate and I cannot stop talking about them. They are beautiful and very tasteful with a large variety of cheeses. The presentation was great and the server was able to go into detail about every cheese. My favorite was the black truffle cheese! 

I recommend also asking for a side of fresh rolls if you aren't dining for food. It's another great addition to the meal.
I'm glad I finally got to try out Talulas Garden. I had a few minutes to spare and the park across the street was a perfect spot to people watch (and to try and pet as many dogs as possible!). 

Walking into TG, it's really welcoming. We grabbed two spots at the bar and menus. The bartenders were great. They gave some suggestions,  they were animated,  they really knew their wines and everyone that sat at the bar enjoyed them. I went with a really crisp & fruity Sauv blanc. 

Menu looks great,  but we specifically came for the cheese plate. I like the group selections they had listed and that you could also pick your own if you wanted. The cheeses themselves were great,  but tiny portions! Lots of accoutrements on the plate,  from the fresh sliced fruit,  nuts,  pepper jams. Taste was everything but we both wished there were a few more bites per cheese. 

I couldn't pass up these amazing sounding donuts.. lavender,  lemon curd,  blueberry compote. Soooooo good. So happy we got them. Definitely will be back to try out the rest of the menu.
I took my wife here for our anniversary this year and it was beyond my expectations. 

We ordered the chefs choice special with is an app, salad, entree, and dessert combo. Well worth 75 per person. 

The aged cheese spread is by far the best assortment I've ever had. 
The salad was extremely fresh which was expected since it's farm-to-table same day. 
The seared duck was tender, crispy on the edges and so juicy. I didn't want to end. The portions were just enough too. 
The wine selection was standard and food pairing suggestions were helpful 

The best part was the piece of cake that came out at the end with "happy anniversary" written in chocolate drizzle was a thoughtful touch. 

I can't wait to return here soon!
Wow! I can see how this would be one of the best brunch spots in the area. I visited while I was in town and outdoor dining was allowed, and while I overslept my rezzie and showed up and hour or so later when I wandered in since it wasn't super far from where I was staying and I was going to check out the beautiful park beside them they were able to still honor my rezzie. I waited a few minutes to be seated in the garden area inside the gate instead of outside because I was hoping to peep some of the "scene".

The outdoor garden area was nice, a wee bit chilly for a CA girl but nice. When I stepped inside to use the restroom I was blown away. This place is gorgeous inside! I'm all for the appeal of the al fresco dining but wow wow wow, I'd definitely want to be seated inside here. 

I had a french press coffee, and the chicken and waffle dish with a side of the grits. I make some pretty darn good grits so these fell flat in my opinion and can be skipped. The fried chicken and waffle dish was really yummy.

I'd definitely recommend this place and will return in the future when dining is back to normal. 

The food + service + decor easily make this a 5 star experience. I doubt highly you'll be disappointed.
Must try restaurant in Philadelphia!

Wow amazing! I had the most wonderful experience here... we made a reservation for the indoor seating and the interior of this place is so dreamy! They are also known for their garden seating outdoors because of the cute greenery surround it but it was too cold outside we wanted an indoor seating. 

My boyfriend surprised me with a reservation for our anniversary. This place is fantastic for dates! It's so romantic with the candles & dim lighting. We ordered the cheese board as appetizer. It came with 6 different types of cheese and nuts/jams that compliments them. You also get a bowl of chips/bread on the side. They also have a sheet of paper describing what cheeses are presented. We had so much fun sampling the cheese and reading about the flavors. That was an experience itself. 

For the the main entree we got the seared scallop & shrimp lemon risotto (rainbow cauliflower & jalapeño sides) and the smoked pork belly in onion-lemongrass soubise (apple & cabbage sides). Both dishes were amazing and came with amazing side vegetables. The flavor pairings are so unique ... definitely the best risotto dish I've eaten. The couple sitting next to us also seems to agree. 

We ended our meal with a key lime soufflé cake. We've had soufflé before but not sure what a soufflé cake is ... it tasted like a castella cake. Came with creamy graham ice cream on the side and the flavor pairing again was just amazing!! Sweet, tangy, but you can also taste some salty pebbles in each bite. 

They put so much thought into the menu. This is one of the best restaurant I have been to!! Funny story, the waitress randomly brought out two bite-size pieces of chocolate cake at the end along with a candles since she thought we were celebrating my birthday. That was so sweet of her ... even though we were here for our anniversary. But this just goes to show this place goes above & beyond with their customer care!!

If you're in Philadelphia, definitely make this place a restaurant bucket list!
"Talula...Talula...I don't want to lose her
she must be worth losing if it is worth something"
I hummed the melody of this tune as I passed through the gate into Steven Starr's most recent venture.

Talula's Garden is a theme park. When you first enter the property, you will be impressed by the fantasy-like outdoor garden that they have set up. This is going to be a huge hotspot once the weather gets warmer. The decor is Alice in Wonderland meets humble farming home. The ambiance is honed to perfection...and your ass is going to pay for it. Talula's Garden is not a place that you go for dinner. It is a place that you go TO IMPRESS SOMEONE.

I dined here for a special occasion so we went all-out. As a result, I got to try a wide variety of dishes and here are my opinions on them:

The sturgeon rillette is basically a fish pate'. It was creamy, not too salty, pretty darn good.

The Rabbit Lasagnetta was kinda plain.

The Velouté is a scrumptious pea/squid soup with squid ink. It was creamy and squid-y and great. This was my favorite appetizer of the bunch.

The Caramelized Maine Sea Scallops are prepped well and have a light outside crisp from the searing that I really liked.

Beef and braised rib - OK this rib is the best piece of beef rib I've ever had. It was insanely tender. That being said, it was about the size of a fun-size Snickers bar. The beef was prepped to a satisfactory medium-rare but really couldn't hold a candle to the rib that it shared a plate with.

The marinated halibut with artichoke was fine.

Onto dessert...

Rhubarb Gateau - a rhubarb cake. I had never had rhubarb before and I liked it. It was kinda tangy with a citrus hint that was balanced out by the cake part of the dessert. It was fine.

Chocolate Creameaux - Basically dark chocolate with bacon powder and some other magic inside of it. Pretty good.

Anise Doughnuts - Served with a raspberry sauce(if memory serves me correctly...which it doesn't always do), this was the best dessert of the lot.

--

Look, there are other places in Philadelphia where you can get a better dinner for a lower price. That being said, the ambiance and service are so overwhelmingly good that I cannot dislike Talula's Garden at all. It is expensive and the portions are hilarious but it is what one would expect at a theme park.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Pirates of the Caribbean.
Forget that this is a Starr restaurant (for all of you Starr-envy'ers and haters) as I will rate this gem on it's own merits.  It's usually the chef that matters, and this Washington Square West eatery is deserving of maximum accolades.  From the atmosphere to the service, from the creative menu through the food and presentation, this establishment ranks right up there with Vernick and Supper and any other eclectic  spots you've been to in Center City.

With necessary reservations confirmed, if you get there to have a drink at the bar beforehand, say a half-hour early, request the hostess to seat you outside in the first-come first-serve outdoor garden.  By the time of our actual reservation time, our request was honored.  Ivy and plants were strewn throughout the garden and walls, drinks in our hand and the very special server, Nalini, appearing tableside began our extremely pleasant evening.

My friend started with their extra special Bellini, I had a taste and the taste was wonderful.  A quaint, but varied bottled beer menu was sufficient for me.  While sucking down the drinks we ordered a cheese plate.  Each cheese was described to us when presented.  I've also had one of the 7 cheese plates offered when I was here before, and each one was fantastic, and this time was no exception.  What a lovely start to the dining experience.

Appetizers were the Braised Rabbit Fazzoletti (pasta handkerchiefs) with confit cherry tomato, capers, herb pistou and toasted breadcrumbs.  This was outrageous, so tasty and so decadent in flavor.  My choice was the  delightful crispy Indian Spiced Pennsylvania Lamb Belly with smokey eggplant dressed with a cucumber yogurt.  This was off the charts mind-blowing in taste, texture, flavor combinations, et al.

The entrees followed and although not as exceptional as the cheese and appetizers to date, they were excellent in their own right.  The Pan-Seared Golden Spotted Tilefish, with sweet corn succotash, banana peppers (added a touch of heat),  pole beans, and a custardy corn sauce was delightful.  The Herb Baked, Line Caught Bluefish was unbelievably tender and fresh, light not oily at all.  But the handmade potato gnocchi with Heirloom tomato 'Puttanesca' as the accompaniment side was a bit confusing as to the proper place with this fish dish.  The texture of the gnocci did not contrast with the tender fish.  This was one weak point in my opinion.  The flavors were great, but it was like having two different entrees in one.  

Overall this is a wonderful place, and I have no problem with issuing Talula's 5 stars.  I've been here before and I will be going again....end o' story!
Ernesta, my friend had few hours left before her flight to England, so we decided we'd spend it together before she headed to the airport. Of course we wouldn't missed out on our chance for a last brunch together till her next visit. On a last minute reservation, we were lucky and thrilled to get a table for three. When we got there, the place was bustling, despite the 13°!

We were warmly welcomed the minute we walked in through the lovely garden. The decor is warm and charming, and the ambience is so relaxed and, laid back. Our waiter, Brian, was Friendly and professional and we didn't want the brunch to end. Perfect brunch spot!  

We got the Sunday Best: An amazing and fantastic selection of cheeses from different part of the world on rectangular slate board. 

What I noticed and I loved about the cheese plate extraordinaire was:
1/ All the cheese did go well together.
2/ There was good balance in flavors arranged from mild to strong.
3/ perfect accompaniments which were paired with the cheeses from the crisp and fresh mini toasts and nuts like walnuts to raspberry jam and honey drizzles. 
4/ Maybe next time I'll order the cheese plate as my entree, along with a dessert- never pass on the dessert part, no matter how full I am, there is alway take-out option.  I was so full today that I opt to take my Cookie collection to go and I wasn't disappointed, out of this world! YUMMMMMMMY!

For my main dish I ordered the Breakfast Burger cooked medium well. I wasn't particularly fond of my Burger. It came over cooked and dry and the Bun was a bit over salted for my taste. Still, that didn't ruin my experience!


This was the perfect way to say goodbye to Ernesta, with this restaurant and its exceptional reputation!
what shall I say: Excellent experience, well presented dishes, gorgeous garden, unique and intriguing menu, attentive and friendly service and of course the extraordinary cheese and cookie platters. I Can't wait for the weather to get warmer so I can enjoy the garden. Another hot date night go-to spot is found!

Four and half Yelps!
Birthday dinner review!

With my first choice of Vernick being booked solid on the time that I was shooting for, I found myself going through a restaurant  roulette on Open Table that immediately came down to 2 Starr restaurants in here and Serpico. But it was the spot on reviews of Noah & Vinny, and the prospect of impressive cheese plates and inspiring farm to table cuisine that sealed the deal. And it led to a dining experience that delivered for the ages.

Even though we entered through a side of Washington Square, walked through a vacant but pristine garden patio that showed promise for Spring and Summer, and were led to a table inside a huge dining room; the overall ambiance was homey on the good thanks to the the decor that made it feel like an artistic modern dining room with added rustic features, the art pieces and well stocked bookshelves among the decor, and the fun & welcoming staff. I need to add a double note for the staff because they were extremely spot on with their recommendations and suggestions, provided spot on answers to all questions, and even the manager on duty was bussing over dishes when an extra hand was needed.

The cocktail menu was one that was hard to choose from as they were all elevated takes on classics that had me intrigued. But my bourbon kick made their Author whiskey sour a no brainer that delivered. Ever since I read about it in Vinny's review I had the Tree Hugger on my mind. And while it ultimately didn't end up being my thing, I did appreciate the slightly sweet savory edge that the teaspoon of maple syrup and black walnut bitters gave to the classic Manhattan.

Speaking as a former cheese monger with several years of experience I'll verify that all of their cheese plate offerings are the absolute real deal! And no matter what one you choose its a well thought out one that executes the theme perfectly. But when you're at one of the best it makes sense to go with the secret stash, especially when it costs $20. And seeing the best of new school American cheese like Cremont and Fat Cat alongside a pungent and creamy Italian gorgonzola, an incredible Spanish goat cheese like Garroxta, another amazing cheese that I'm blanking on, two delicious salami options, and accompaniments like sherry soaked cherries and candied nuts was a true inspiration. The Hudson Valley Foie Gras Ganache was also the perfect addition to the appetizer curse, that was so silky smooth and enticing that I had to resist licking the plate clean.

Choosing my dinner option would have been harder to do if my sushi lunch that I had didn't prevent me from going with the salmon or day boat scallops. But with hot buttered hummus,  Braised Black Lentils, and Dandelion-Breadcrumb Gremolata that came with it, the overall appeal of the rosemary Colorado roasted leg of lamb was hard to resist. and it was medium rare perfection. Definitely do order some little vegetable dishes to share among the table, especially the grits with caramel butter that may have the distinction of being the best grits I've had. And although a touch on the spicy side which wasn't expected, the smoky braised collard greens were another winner. 

La colombe coffee came out freshly French pressed for dessert. and the deconstructed key lime pie was a bold and ambitious attempt that was a winner. And overall it was definitely an incredible restaurant experience that will have me coming back for brunch, homemade pasta, Talula's Daily pastries, and then some!
Hospitality is the first word that comes to mind when I think of Talula's garden. Our waiter we had serving was exceedingly polite and attentive, from the drinks to our table cleaned as soon as plates were finished, everything was meticulous and careful. He explained to us about the marination process, some meats taking four days to prepare. Even the manager came to check on us several times. Probably the best service I've had in a long time. Ambiance at nighttime is loud and rambunctious, so keep that in mind when picking a romantic spot. 

Onwards to the food. We had the chicken liver, filet mignon, and chicken. The filet was tender and yummy as well as the potatoes but the chicken did not appeal to my tastebuds. It was soft and buttery, however, the layers of spices and marination failed to compliment each other leaving me dissatisfied. I could not bring myself to finish it. However the cheese and walnut as well as the complimentary bread was to die for! The raspberry oat bars gave me a glimpse of dessert heaven I was looking for, its sweetness is as long lasting as the memory it beheld. 

The mint chocolate cookies and cream sundae was so-so (it was not as sweet and saccharine as I wanted) and the cinnamon sugar almond doughnuts were not phenomenal (similar to raw dough filled with cream cheese) Overall, I had some major hits and several misses, but would still recommend because I can see others really enjoying this restaurant!

Their bakery next door called Talula's Daily is mind blowing, check out the peanut butter and jelly bars, blueberry tart, as well as the chocolate chip cookies. It is insatiable!
I am a huge fan of Talula's Daily, so I was excited to try Talula's Garden for brunch. I am more than willing to pay high prices for high quality meals. For an omelette to cost $22-24 and pancakes at $19, as they are on the Spring 2016 menu at Talula's Garden, means that the omelette and pancakes in question must be the best in the world. Did they live up to this standard on this occasion at Talula's Garden? Sadly, not so much. The food is good, please don't misunderstand. It is fresh and locally sourced, both qualities I value. The Lavender Donuts on the menu are divine, but not worth $12 for the 5 donut-holes and a bit of meringue and lemon on the side.

The service is satisfactory, if not a little underdone. The ambiance is great. However, the value for a brunch here with the current Spring 2016 menu and pricing is out of question. I will not return until the value for the brunch improves.
Best place to be after a Quarantine period! Their meals are so delicious I bet you'd love them
Atmosphere - I loved the interior decorations and ambience. I also loved the outdoor garden feel outside. 

Service - Pretty perfect. I will say that some places can have great service, but the server may not actually take time to talk to you. I really liked that our server was so personable.

Food - To be fair, I was told by another couples that "the best meal they've ever had" was here so my expectations were probably through the roof. That being said, the food was still great, but it didn't blow me away. 

Cheese plate, recommended by our server - 5/5
Butchers Cut Petite Filet - 5/5
Caramalized Sea Scallops - 4/5

Drinks - Great drink menu. I ordered a beer. Hard to get that one wrong.

Overall - Pretty great, but probably hurt by unfair expectations. Would I go back? Probably, but I'd probably choose some competitors at the same price point instead, if I had a choice. 

Points for: Service, cheese plate
No negatives
An epic Saturday night disaster.   Giving Talula's 2 stars instead of zero because after the fiasco, management did everything they could to make it up to us.

Had a 9:15 reservation for 2 people -- our anniversary celebration.  Were told they were running 15 minutes behind.  No problem.  At 9:45, after no communication, we inquired again.  Then were advised we had 1 group in front of us.  The hostess was neither apologetic nor kind about the situation.   A manager intervened very shortly thereafter, apologized profusely and offered a free cheese plate.

We were finally seated at 10 p.m., in the bar area.  Not what we had in mind for our anniversary.  If we had wanted to eat at a bar, we would have gone to Pub and Kitchen or GoodDog.  Given the late hour, we took the table. 

Our knowledgeable waiter took drink orders, delivered beverages and then disappeared.  We had to ask someone else to seek him out.  There may have been confusion about our order because of the complimentary cheese plate on our table.  We ordered at 10:40 p.m.  

The cheese plate selected by the manager was fantastic, special and arguably the best dish of the evening. 

We had the salad of raw tuna, which was fabulous, and the oxtail tortelloni.  The broth for the tortelloni was overly salted, to the point of being nearly inedible.

For main courses, we had the bluefish (very good) and the cod.  The cod, like the tortelloni, was extremely salty.  The main course arrived at 11:30.  At that point, it was way too late to argue about it or substitute another dish.

When our waiter inquired about the uneaten cod, we explained the issue.  To the restaurant's credit, at the end of our meal, the manager came by and told us our dinner was on the house and would not let us pay for any of it.  She encouraged us to come back another time and suggested trying on a less busy night.  

We genuinely appreciated that management took responsibility for what appears to be an unusual crater in Talula's food and service.  With that said, it was a truly disappointing evening.  I much prefer to write more positive reviews.
Gorgeous place but the food was very unflavorful. We had The small  cheese plate followed by the  crabs spaghetti dish and mini meatball appetizer and friez potatoes. The portions or unusually small and expensive. Wine was decent but again very expensive we woulda't go again.
Epic! I haven't had service this good in over a year. 
- Complimentary amuse buche
- Complimentary dessert
- Amazing waitress

The food was also delicious! 
- Unlike most cheese boards, they don't short you on the accompaniments! Plenty of fig, jam, candied walnuts, and honey sunflower seeds.
- The root salad was nice.
- The collard greens were awesome. Liked the red sauce.
- the pumpkin soup was great.

This might be my fave new fancy place in Philly!
Really enjoyed our meal here! First of all this place is so charming with the outdoor garden and all the twinkly lights at night. Lots of blazing heaters too so we never felt cold. The indoor area is beautiful too and the bar is so cute with all the bird houses and veggie tapestries. I had a beekeeper which was a Moscow mule w honey -- highly recommend. For our meal: 

- cheese plate (highlight of the meal with jams and honeys, nuts and fruits scattered on the plate around different types of soft and hard cheeses). Must. Get. 

- cauliflower soup: a little bland but good texture 

- kale pear salad w duck liver vinaigrette: I didn't care for the liver taste but M loved it. If you like duck lived usually then you'd probably love this. The poached and deep fried egg was delicious. 

- papardelle with onion and pork Ragu: noodles were freshly made in house, chewy. This was a little underflavored for me; I could have used more salt or a heavier sauce

- skirt steak w shishito peppers and tomato: the veggie sides were delicious; steak was very flavorful and juicy. 

I wanted to have dessert but was too full...

Loved the ambiance and the food; this farm to table restaurant definitely did not disappoint.
I've been hearing about Talula's Garden for ages. It's one of those must-visit places in Philly. Most of my friends and family have been and everyone is quick to sing its praises. So it's safe to say that my expectations were quite high--especially given my love for farm-to-table restaurants. While the experience was enjoyable overall, there were a few hiccups that were hard to ignore, both on the service end and on the product end (more on those later). The good news: as soon as we communicated what we were dissatisfied with, they shifted into all-hands-on-deck mode immediately, going above and beyond to ensure that we left in good spirits. That's the mark of a top place. Talula's Garden is a gorgeous venue with wonderfully seasonal fare that's healthy, colorful and packed with flavor. 

Came here at 8:15pm on a Saturday night with the parents. We made a reservation beforehand (pretty much required) but unfortunately our table was in a pretty miserable area, behind the bar by a window which made everything quite cold. Thankfully, our willingness to wait a bit allowed them to make arrangements for us to sit in the main dining space (they sat a couple of parties before us), and I rarely mind hanging at the bar to drink for a bit before dinner anyway. 

I tend to go for cocktails first and switch to wine once the food starts to arrive, which was the game plan here. The entire cocktail menu here looks fabulous and I got to try three wonderful drinks. Mine, The Bon Vivant (Rye Whiskey, Ginger, Molasses and Chocolate Bitters), my mom's, The Quick Study (Rum, Lime and Winter Spices), and my dad's, the The Treehugger (Bourbon, Maple and Black Walnut Bitters). We were called to our table before our drinks were ready (the bar was pretty backed up) so they brought our drinks over after we were seated. Unfortunately, my mom's drink took an exceptionally long time to come out because the kitchen was waiting on egg whites. They ended up comping it due to the inconvenience--good on their part! Once we got past that headache, we did a long-awaited cheers and enjoyed our beautifully-crafted cocktails. I loved mine--rich, sweet, spirit-forward, well-balanced. My dad's (the Treehugger) was similar in style but more spirit-forward. The Quick Study is dangerous--you could drink six or seven of these in an hour and lose yourself complete. Delicious, seasonal, refreshing but still substantial. The mixology program is on point here. 

Food-wise, we were torn between tasting and typical a la carte style. We had done a tasting menu the night before (privilege alert, sorry) so we opted for each getting a main, splitting a cheese plate and one salad. I tend to opt for all small plates when I go out to eat (sharing is the only way) but the mains here looked (and were) too tasty to pass up. Eats, below:

"World Travel" cheese plate: A
Advertised as the "funkiest" cheese plate, this one was a hit with all of us. Talula's Garden is big on their cheese plates, and for good reason. The cheeses are varied and delicious, and are served was fabulous accompaniments too. Candied walnuts, wine-soaked raisins, a variety of bread/crackers and some fresh fruit. 

Winter 'Roots' Salad, Shaved Raw Root Veggies, Italian Dressing, Greens, Pecorino, Crunchy Croutons and Whipped Ricotta: A-
Yummy and fresh. A bit odd having two types of cheeses in there, but hey, that cheese plate had me wanting more cheese so why not? For me, the pecorino worked more than the ricotta. The dressing was tasty, too. 

Trout, Creamy Lacinato Kale, Smoky Bacon-Fried Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Shallots and Sherry Vinaigrette: A
My entree for the night. Only real complain was that the kale was just "there". Not creamy, not cooked, not sure why. That said, everything else was full of flavor and really hit the spot. I love trout and it's hard to beat the bacon/brussels combo. An incredibly fresh, seasonal and nourishing plate.

Overnight Bone-In Short Rib, Cola Ancho Glaze, Crispy Kennebec Potatoes, White Lightning Aioli, Fresh Horseradish and Celery: B
The night's dud. It wasn't *bad*. But it was really dry. When you order short rib (and it's priced like this), you expect to receive a cut that's exceptionally juicy and flavorful, and this just wasn't. A woman (not our waiter) walked by at an opportune time though, asking us how we liked our food. My dad told her the truth, and they ended up comping it and bringing extra sauce. Didn't salvage the dish but the consideration was much appreciated.

Roasted Duck Breast, Smoked Confit, Huckleberry, Black Garlic, Fried Wild Rice, Kimchi, Green Onions and Shiitake Duck Jus: A+
This was the winner of the night. The duck was cooked perfectly and the bed of rice/kimchi/onions was possibly even better. Incredible flavors, just so tasty. The ideal winter dish. 

We got comped two desserts as well. Talula's Garden doesn't take missteps lightly and they didn't need to *THAT* much did to redeem themselves, but effort did not go unnoticed!!
Short Version: delicious food (4stars), beautiful atmosphere (5 stars), one of the worst service experiences that I have ever had (1-2 stars).

Long Version:

I was very stoked to try Talula's Garden, having ridden by it's beautiful outdoor garden dining area. The night we dined there was relatively cool but looked like the potential for rain.  We and a number of other tables decided to take our chances and elected for outdoor service.  We were seated by the friendly hostess, and then proceeded to wait 20 minutes until our waiter made his appearance.  He noted, "I have to apologize.  I was told you've been sitting here for awhile."  No worries, I thought.  

We ordered drinks, which were brought out by another server and then we waited.  At some point, a bus boy came by and took away one of our yet unused bread plates without a word. ?  And that was the last of the action we saw from Talula's Garden staff for the next 15-20 minutes, during which time a bird pooped on me.  

I cleaned myself up in the bathroom and came back to the table where we continued to wait.  By this point we had been there 45 minutes and had yet to order food.  Finally, I asked the hostess if she could track down our waiter.  He returned and took our order.  We elected for a cheese plate, the sea scallops and the beef (filet / braised ribs) dishes.  

The cheese plate was delicious, but over priced for the portion sizes.  I thought the portion sizes were spot on - it was the price that was askew.  Before we could dig in, I had to flag down the bus boy to get us another plate.  He seemed befuddled how we were missing a plate, but quickly rectified the situation.  (Answer: you took it and walked away with it).  We were also given brioche rolls with apricot butter on top.  They looked magnificent.  I say looked magnificent, because before we got to enjoy them it started to rain.  The hostess ushered us directly to a table inside (great work) and a server brought our cheese plate leaving the untasted rolls outside.  When we were seated, I asked the waiter if he could bring out new rolls.  "Absolutely," he said.  Apparently I was not clear enough that I wanted the new rolls brought out to us at our table because they never came.

Dinner arrived.  Portion sizes were appropriate, but again a bit pricey.  The scallops were great as was the beef dish which came with an incredible smokey polenta.  Very tasty.  We finished our meal and ordered the chocolate bacon dessert. (awesome).  Then, because the dinner hadn't been eventful enough, the entire restaurant lost power.  We felt really bad for the management team who did a great job at getting candles lit and keeping the meals coming.  They really did a remarkable job.  Our waiter kept apologizing and reminded us on multiple occasions that "it wasn't his fault" the power went out.  I'm smart enough to realize he wasn't wearing a PECO uniform, so  I assume this was code for: don't screw me on a tip because the power went out.  After the third time he explained how he hadn't caused the power to go out, I had had enough.  But because of the power outage that he didn't cause, I had the pleasure of waiting another 10 minutes for him to imprint my card and manually tabulate the bill and tax.

I'm usually not this big a complainer when it comes to poor service.  Being a server is not an easy gig.  But when the restaurant is as pricey as it is, I expect not to be left sitting for 20 minutes waiting to order and to have simple requests like "more bread please" fulfilled.  My neighbors, who by coincidence were also dining there that evening, had the same server and the same outrageous complaints.  They even stated that when he brought over the cheese plate they ordered, that he had no idea what was on the plate.  When they referred back to the menu to see what they were eating they realized that he had just made up information the cheeses.  Really inexcusable and really a shame for the owners/ operators of this beautiful restaurant.
If say, I had all this extra money Wolf-of-Wall-Street style, I would come here for my "every day" meals. Like, it's Tuesday and I just "finished" with my trainer at the gym and I'd like some honey-braised lamb meatballs for dinner. Bam. Talula's Garden it is. The ambiance is great, especially the outdoor seating which feels so intimate and green. And the service is terrific. We had a delicious cheese plate, ok cocktails (I'd stick to the wine menu), and better than average entrees. You may think to yourself, why would you come here so often then??? And give it so many stars? Because their menu rotates frequently. And as the old idiom goes: variety is the spice of life. Changing the menu frequently and serving new dishes that are consistently above average is an accomplishment all unto itself.
Was it adorable?  Yes.  Did we have a good time?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  Nope.

The final bill was in the neighborhood of $250+tip for 4 entrees, an app, a dessert, a bottle of wine, and 4 drinks.

I'm not telling you anything new when I say that the portions were small.  After reading about the tempura squash blossoms, we ordered them for the table.  They were good but nothing extraordinary.  It was mostly a big glob of goat cheese inside a fried something.

I had seen July's menu and knew that there was only one vegetarian option - some mushroom-y gnocci which sounded delicious.  It was August but the menu hadn't been posted online so I didn't know what I could expect.  Like July's menu, there was one veg option and it was an eggplant something or other and I'm just not fond of eggplant.  I felt bad but I asked if there was any way the chef could whip up something else for me.  Our very polite server asked what I liked - pasta, mushrooms, goat cheese, beets...  She went back to the kitchen, returned, and told me that it wouldn't be a problem at all.  Fantastic!

Then our orders arrived: 2 scallop dishes, one lobster, and mine: plain pasta with succotash.  Lima beans, corn, some tomatoes, and a handful of croutons over some fusilli.  It was bland and uninventive and small and so, so, SO disappointing.

Had I known the chef wouldn't have been able to accommodate me, I would have ordered the damn eggplant.  I'm not crazy about eggplant at all but I would at least feel that I was getting what the chef could handle.  Vegetarians know this: expect one entree on the menu and hope you like it.

I didn't even look to see what I was charged for my meal.  I didn't want to know.  Over $60 a person was sufficient information.
This restaurant is such a cute place for a date night! The atmosphere, staff, and food was great!

I'm just gonna go straight to the food- from the presentation to the taste of the food, everything was amazing. My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken liver and fried oysters as appetizers. Then, we ordered the duck breast and escargot pasta to share for our entree. For dessert, we got the donuts. Apparently, they're known for the donut dessert.

Everything on the menu looked so good and they also have an outdoor seating. I can't wait for the weather to get warmer so I can dine outdoors and try the rest of the menu!
Did someone say brunch?  The Philly scene continues to surprise me.  This town is fast becoming my #1 "I need to escape NYC right now" place, and brunch spots like Talula's is part of the reason.  It's like I never left Brooklyn, except it's half the price and not as crowded.

The Fried chicken waffle?  Dy-no-mite!!

And those pinwheels?  Outrageous!!

I swear to God if the Eagles win the Superbowl I'm pulling up stakes and moving, and I'll be setting up shop right next to Talula's.
When visiting Philly last weekend I felt a strong yearning.  This intense emotional uphill battle was not about reaching the top of the rocky steps, nor finding the best cheesesteak in town, and it certainly had nothing to do with the Flyers or Phillies.  Rather, I had this feeling of need (not want) where I must find myself at Talula's Garden at some point in the 24 hours in Philly or I might self-destruct.  

Two years ago I was on a project in Wilmington, DE.  The food there was by and far atrocious so I would venture up to Philly at least 1x per week (maybe more).  I have lived, been on projects,and ventured to good restaurants all up and down the east coast (from Maine down to VA and Talula's remains in my Top 3.  I'm talking value, experience, quality of food and service, and the ambiance.  It captures the entire package for a great dining experience, wraps it in a bow, and delivers enthusiastically to all of your senses.  

Tucked away in the perfect location off of Washington Square from the garden setting, to the predominantly wooden interior, you get that sense of escape from metro Philly. The servers are just so knowledgeable about the menus (that happen to be quite robust and always changing may I add).  They are always prepared to answer questions and even ask questions to give you the best suggestions. Finally the food is always palate pleasing and visually stimulating. Presentations are always beautiful and I have always left full and longing to try other menu items.  I have even returned the next day for brunch before. 

My strategy here for two people is simple.  2 cocktails (always awesome).  One starter, one pasta, one main, and one side.  I have always tried to save room for dessert.  Sometimes that works but not always.  It is hard to give specific dishes here since the menu constantly changes.  However, beets, seafood pastas, lentil soups, short rib, and scallops have historically been menu favorites for me here.  Going forward, upon any knowledge of a need to be in Philly for any reason at all my first order of business will be to book a Talula's reservation.
I just made a return visit to Talula's Garden last night (I think perhaps my third, though the first was a while back), enjoying a family dinner before my parents went off to see Annie and I dropped by a cafe to get some work done. I really like this restaurant, but fortune seems to keep getting in the way and preventing me from showering them with the love I want to.

The restaurant is beautiful, and while it was somewhat quiet when we got there at 5:45, it was packed and bustling by the time we left. Service was exceptional--our particular server was both knowledgeable and friendly, and we really appreciated her. We let her know that my parents were going to the show, and the meal was coursed out and timed perfectly.

The eating began with these adorable miniature brioche rolls (like little balls) with chive butter. Super delicious, and just decadent enough. Appetizers were a tuna crudo (Dad), fried oysters (Mom) and a fall garden salad (me), which came with a generous amount of whipped ricotta and other goodies and got better with each bite. I particularly enjoyed the fried oysters as well, and while the pickled string beans were a little strong for my mother, I was perfectly happy to help her out.

On to the main courses. For my father, pan-roasted trout, which he enjoyed very much (and was quite tasty). For me, a delicious, beautifully cooked salmon, paired with red cabbage, green beans and honey crisps in what they called a cider brown butter sauce. It was a nicely balanced dish. And then we get to my mother. Her duck, unfortunately, didn't live up to the other two dishes. Each piece left her having to spit something out. She gave my father and me a piece to taste/share, and each of us had to spit something out. To their credit, as soon as I let our server know--my mom wasn't going to say anything, as she was worried about getting to the show--they immediately took action. Gone was the duck, and they fired a pasta (as that would be quick) to replace it, in this case the cavatelli with lamb shoulder that arrived quickly. It was a solid dish, and to their great credit, they didn't charge my mother at all for her mains.

Also with our mains, we had a side of beets, which featured multiple varieties of beets, nicely prepared and super tender. They were particularly great for my mom while she waited for her pasta to replace the duck.

For dessert, we shared a sticky toffee pudding, which was a lovely quenelle-like date cake with earl grey ice cream, and a warm walnut brownie sundae, which was also very good, though I preferred the toffee pudding. Raspberry squares from the kitchen were a delightful treat on which end the meal.

If we just could have removed that duck, this would have been a five-star meal. And unfortunately, the last time I ate here, I had to send back my fish (think it was salmon again), which was--as the manager who visited us agreed--very overcooked. Somebody should have headed that one off at the pass--literally. So...Talula's Garden, I want to love you and give you five stars so badly, but I just need you to get me through a meal without a big hiccup first. Unfortunately, I don't live in Philly anymore, so I'm only back a handful of times a year, but I really hope on some future visit we can sail smoothly together.
We were throwing a surprise "sprinkle" brunch for our friend. It was a party of 10. We wanted no lines and somewhere we can make reservations. That's a tall order on a Sunday in Philly. Talula's Garden was the place, a local farm to table. A STUNNING restaurant. A Steven Starr. From the valet guys chasing my hat that flew off and grabbing onto balloons we brought for her down Washington Square, and the hostess who was as sweet as could be to our adorable waiter that went above and beyond, the service itself was top notch all the way. The only thing that boggled my mind was that they were a farm to table that didn't have a salad on the menu. Hmm. That's crazy! My friends were ordering up their steak and eggs and pork belly with beet salads. Their gourmet cheese plates on classic slate trays (I asked our fantastic waiter where they were from...Brooklyn Slate. I bought a few for when we have company. I'm obsessed with charcuittere). Anyway,   I selected accompaniments from other dishes they serve and asked for them combine them on a bed a greens. Here's the custom salad they so graciously created for me. It was delish and I felt so special. Caramelized brussel sprout slaw with smoked honey crisp apples and roasted Kennet Square mushrooms in a sesame ginger vinaigrette. It was perfect! We dined at a big farmhouse table and laughed all afternoon. The drinks were flowing...I had a fantastic Rose', the Bloody Marys were perfectly spicy, fresh squeezed orange carrot juice and I ended my meal with the most delicious white peony tea in a perfect pop of neon tea pot while the girls enjoyed lemon cake, sundaes and dark chocolate salted caramels Eric, our handsome knight in shining armor waiter had specially made for the table. I cannot end this without taking about the decor. Clean and classic subway tiles, candles in over sized tins on the floor, live plants, books and pops of color. Completely rustic yet modern. The gardens is obviously what Talula's Garden is all about just check out the pics below. I'm excited to come back and sit outside at night. A five star, A plus experience all around. www.Talulasgarden.com
talula is like catherine zeta-jones--sexy and refined, with just a little bit of crazy underneath.

i eagerly awaited the arrival of talula's garden, as i had never been to the original, and i was very curious to see what a pairing of starr and olexy would bring.

right from the moment you walk in, you see the juxtaposition.  non-matching outdoor seating, comfortable small tables, a buffet/console table among the tables, pretty country-esque pictures...  this is flanked by ridiculous 20 feet ceilings, a bar area that transmits sounds and voices like you're at your local watering hole.

hence, the touch of crazy underneath...  are you a upscale farmhouse, or happy hour meet-n-greet?

the server was super-knowledgeable, patient, and plain ol' sweet.  we got the curds & whey cheese platter, the gnudi were little cloud pillows bathed in a shallot jus.  and let's talk about the little happy brioche buns topped with a spring-colored ramp butter.  my scallops were good, my friend's beef was on the tougher side.

and...  get sides.  get cheeses.  get a dessert.  the portions are *tiny* for the price.  but i guess, if you are a refined lady like czj, you wouldnt eat til the point of full, huh?

classy, refined, right?  we had a highly attentive staff who constantly asked us for feedback.  i appreciate this, and i was more than honest with them.  i love that they want to continually improve, and i can't wait to go back.
Such a disappointing experience, the only keeping it from a one-star is the COVID factor.

We called Talula's for a special night in and requested a 6:15 pick up.  We arrived and I noticed a 5:30 on the slip, but didn't pay much attention.  Unfortunately, every bite reflected that it had been sitting out for too long.

We got the Talula's Fall Fig "Pizza" and noticed only one side had cheese.  While unusual, not a big deal until we lifted it up to find the cheese clumped on the bottom of the box.  It was clear they had dropped it while setting it in the box and either didn't notice or didn't bother to correct.  I expect a lot more from a premium location such as Talula's.  I will give the pizze credit, even cold it had a decent flavor profile, however, it was also soggy.

The Line Caught Tuna Crudo might have been the only portion of the meal completely worth enjoying.  The mix of jalapeño, radishes, basil, and the syrup (black garlic) came together well.  The sizing was appropriate for the price as well.

Our mains were both letdowns.  The Seared Sea Scallops came with 4 nice sized scallops which is a fair portion. They weren't very good lukewarm and seemed to be a bit over seared. The Tuscan Sangiovese Glazed Beef Short Rib, also lukewarm at best at this point, was not at all tender.  The flavor profile was there, but being chewy just isn't what I was expecting.

Yes, it is COIVD times.  Yes, it is take out. Still, keep in mind this restaurant is high end and we paid a premium for what we felt would be a stellar dining experience. I've been inside on one or two other occasions and cannot believe the night and day change in experience.
We had an early reservation on Easter Sunday, and were pleasantly surprised to find it so uncrowded. Despite threats of rain, our 4-top was determined to sit in the garden and we lucked out with the weather. The garden is absolutely gorgeous. We had a lovely server who was spot on with recommendations. Service was attentive and friendly. 

Talula's has a wonderful cocktail menu. I enjoyed the Farmer (a twist on a Bellini) and the Beekeeper (a refreshing mint julep type drink). The Orange Creamsicle also got rave reviews. 

As a group we split the Master Collection cheese plate. Probably the prettiest plate of cheese I have ever seen - served on slate, dotted with accompaniments like hazelnuts and raisins and a tiny jar of local honey. 

I tasted the ricotta gnudi, which was delicious. I went with the Gnocchi for my entrée and was seriously close to licking the plate clean. Others enjoyed the sea scallops, the duck, and the halibut. For dessert, we were evenly split - the millefeuille of bananas and hazelnut with chocolate gelato, and dark chocolate cremeaux. The millefeuille was presented beautifully with paper thin bananas layered with toffee. 

Quite appropriately, the bill ends up being pretty high, and our only complaint was that while the food is truly wonderful, the amount of food is a little scarce. A few more gnocchis and sea scallops would have been perfect. 

We would go back in a heartbeat!
Walk into a beautiful rustic modern farm-like Anthropologie atmosphere.

The restaurant was well staffed. The service was good. The server introduce about the dishes and was knowledge about the dishes. She even gave suggestions and was able to answer my questions.

The food was good. Cheese plate was beautifully plated. The duck breast was good. And the gnocchi with muscat grape was delicious. 

We order a blueberry cocktail with gin which was so-so. And a pretty good glass of Tempranillo wine which not a lot of restaurant offer.
3.5 stars, and here's why: 

From my experience, an acquired taste is highly recommended for this place. I didn't dislike my meal, but I heard mixed reviews around the table (party of 6) on a Saturday afternoon. Initially, the group made brunch plans, and we were excited because the brunch menu had a ton of things we all were eager to try. However, the person who took our reservation over the phone didn't specify when brunch ends (although he assured us we would be OK for brunch) .... a bummer! Despite that mishap, the restaurant was super friendly and apologetic, which went a long way. 

For starters, we ordered drinks and apps. The apps consisted of The Garden Salad, Local Mushroom & Charred Spring Onion Pizza, Fresh Baked Cheddar-Chive Biscuits, and Salted Honey Black Pepper Butter. For the apps, I heard pretty decent feedback from the group, although no one in the party was a fan of the goat cheese (me included!!!). Onto the entrees where we ordered an array of things, starting with the Talula's Fried Chicken Dinner, where sadly the chicken was dry and didn't have that savory and juicy taste you'd expect. The House-made Goat Cheese Ravioli was a hit, although its portion size was tiny (the only complaint was wanting more!). I ordered the Roasted Salmon and have to say I enjoyed my meal except for the herb-infused green goddess but other than that it was great!! A few other items were ordered, but I can't recall what was said about those dishes. 

I would be willing to come back to try their Brunch menu. Also, I wouldn't say I liked that there's no parking nor do they validate parking for their guests.
I'm with Don Cartel on this one: I was skeptical.  Everything about this place screams "this is not for you, Steve."  But m'lady's mom was in town, and it's right up their alley, so we went.

The place is gorgeous.  I loved Washington Square (the restaurant) when it was around, and the space is just as beautiful now, though a lot more whimsical.  The bartender mixed us some delicious cocktails and was super-friendly, and our waiter was knowledgable and attentive.

The food was really good.  It's still not my favorite style of food, but it was enjoyable nonetheless.  What really surprised me, in several dishes, is the way the protein took a backseat to the accompaniments.  The foie gras torchon was a smooth base for the hazelnut and quince to brighten.  The crispy-skinned salmon was familiar but subtle under the persimmon chutney*, sunchokes and pancetta.  Everything was just very very tasty and well-prepared.

In the end, this place was a pleasant surprise.  It's still not quite my style (fried, rich, heavy, creamy, sweet, terrible for you, devoid of vegetable), but if someone invited me to go back... I wouldn't put up too much of a fight.


* just the words 'persimmon chutney' make me feel girly for having eaten here
What an absolutely beautiful restaurant. Their outdoor patio, where we sat, embraced the garden concept and was like nothing I'd ever seen before. Lots of greenery, bird houses with many bird friends hanging out, string lights and lanterns, as well as other unique touches like running water down the wall to a big tub with different sized faucets/nozzles along the way. It was really inviting and special. 

Due to COVID and people's demand for outdoor seating, they had added this external structure in the street with sectioned off spaces to offer more outdoors tables. These did not have the same charm as the actual garden, but as this restaurant is across the street from Washington square it's still a nice view. 

While I am always terrible at remembering to take a photo of the name/description of my cocktails, I can say their speciality cocktails were fun and tasty. My friend got this like frozen rose drink and my bourbon mixed drink was very refreshing.

For a starter, or as they call it beginnings, we ordered the fresh baked cheddar chive biscuits and salted honey black pepper butter. The order usually only includes 3 biscuits, but waiter offered to up it to 4 so we could each have one. So glad he did, as these biscuits were scrumptious. Nicely baked for crispy edges and fluffy center. The butter added a little extra something special as well. 

This restaurant gets five stars in presentation alone. These were such beautifully crafted plates. Works of art that almost made you not want to ruin it by eating, but you do because is smells and looks so delicious!

The Hubby and I shared The Garden Salad (strawberry vinaigrette, pickled rhubarb, spring lettuces, candied almonds, and baked goat cheese). Loved the varying textures and enjoyed the baked goat cheese. 

For entrees he ordered the Red Wine Glazed Beef Short Rib (parmesan polenta, roasted red onion, smoked parsnips, aged balsamic). We always share entrees to some extent, so I got to have some bites. This was a stellar dish. The meat was super tender, loved how it and the sides soaked up the sauce. The polenta and vegetables were very well prepared as well. As good as this dish was, we both agreed that my entree "won" if you will. 

The Smoked Pork Belly (roasted Asian pear and cabbage, onion-lemongrass soubise, thai basil, and bourbon soy glaze) was out of this world. The bourbon soy glaze on the meat was next level and so so tasty- great Umami flavor. This pork belly itself was like premium bacon on crack. Crispy, fatty, and just throughly enjoyable. The light vegetable side was perfect to offset the heavier protein. I would be so happy to eat this dish again some day.    

My friends shared the Short Rib entree and also got the peaches and burrata and crispy fried potatoes. I grabbed a few potatoes and I will say they were quite large pieces and not the average potato as far as flavor. They were quite good.

We left stuffed and required a little lay down in Washington square afterwards. This is a higher priced restaurant but I say worth it if you want a great meal. Everything here was top notch and you could tell the chefs put a lot of thought into their dishes composition, plating, and execution.
I came here for brunch, and it did not disappoint! The atmosphere is wonderful; it is rustic themed. We started out with the cheese plate, which has five different cheeses with an assortment of jellies and nuts and a lot of bread. There was more bread than there was cheese, and I felt that this appetizer wasn't enough for even one person. Nevertheless, it was delicious. 

I ordered a small french press coffee for $6 (a bit pricey in my opinion). It was very creamy and fantastic-- they bring it to you in the french press! 

I ordered the crab eggs Benedict, which came over a biscuit, creamer leek and spinach, and a generous side of home fries. DELICIOUS! Scraped the plate clean. 

I highly recommend this place for brunch- remember to make a reservation. We would have loved to sit in the outside garden, but the rain didn't allow us to. 

They offer valet parking for $18, which I didn't pass up, since it was rainy.
Talula's Garden has superb ratings for a reason. It has the whole package of exquisite food, polished service and perfect atmosphere.

For an anniversary celebration, my husband and I made a reservation and were able to get a garden table. 

We took an untraditional approach to our meal by splitting everything and not paying attention to course conventions. For example, we shared the cocktails in order to try more. We also shared the summer tomato soup, two pasta dishes, a chicken dish and dessert. It was the perfect amount of food for two, gave us a good sampling of the menu and didn't break the bank. Had we each ordered an appetizer, pasta, entree and dessert, it would have been way too much food and cost a pretty penny. 

The atmosphere was rustic classic meets modern elegance. Between the garden and serve-ware, the themes pulled through. Everything about the meal and experience were top notch, and Talula's Garden is a Philly special occasion must-do.
The perfect Friday night date consists of sitting in the courtyard of Talula's, enjoying drinks, dinner and dessert. Amazing weather doesn't hurt either. 

We started with cocktails: the country singer and the weekend gardener. My fiance liked the country singer so much, he had 2. The weekend gardener was a gin drink, a bit on the sour side. I loved it. 

We had the salmon crudo to start. My fiance loved it; I thought it was okay. The amount of salmon was pretty weak and the flavor wasn't all there for me. Next up was the ricotta ravioli and the steak and egg for him plus crispy potatoes and cucumber and edamame salad. Everything was wonderful. We finished with the stracciatella sundae and a glass of port. I was hoping the stracciatella sundae would mirror the gelato I had in Italy. Not quite there but nothing was left in the bowl! It was our anniversary and they also brought us cake. We definitely did not leave hungry.

Our server was fantastic - super attentive the whole night. The only miss: she forgot to bring the port with dessert but immediately offered to take it off the bill. 

Such a great experience at Talula's Garden!
To quote a friend, "If I can't have Talula's Table, I'll just have to take her Garden."

I have to say that her garden was pretty damn tasty.  All the food is incredibly seasonal and fresh.  The mushrooms are absolutely divine.  The duck, while the flavor combinations were fairly traditional, the intensity of said flavors was particularly notable and enjoyable.  The fish was also very good.  The brioche was AMAZING.  I wanted to keep asking for more but I felt like a pig.

The cocktails leave something to be desired but I suppose that is just the spoiled/jaded New Yorker in me talking.

The service was great.  The location was very nice.  All in all, Talula's is a positive addition to the Philly dining scene.
! I'm really glad I got a chance to try this amazing restaurant. Everything looked beautiful!
 The interior is very warming and French simple decor and the outdoor is very romantic! We got a beautiful table outside but due to the weather we had to go inside.

 The food was beyond perfection. everything we have ordered was delicious, fresh and perfectly plated.

Watercress and leek soup with lemon mascarpone and crispy baguettes was very tasty! 
Semolina cavatalli with braised veal, yellow and red cherry tomato Confi:  must to order 
And the scallops risotto with calamari was phenomenal that's also a must to order 

Ther service was excellent, the staff were very friendly, attentive and helpful. They let us choose our table, helped to change our table due to the weather,  they recommended and described some of their favorite dishes, they change the plates and silverware with every dish we ordered.. Thumps up for a great team work! 
Price wise was very reasonable for a fine dining restaurant.
I highly recommend this place! It's perfect for a date night or any kinda celebration. Make sure to request the outdoor tables of the weather is nice.
I've said it multiple times within my myriad of Yelp reviews, but I really love when a place commits to a theme.  Talula's flat out provides an amazing experience in one of the most beautiful settings I've seen in the city.  Inside is pretty, and clean and open, by itself it would be a nice ambiance restaurant and truly enjoyable.  However, the garden is just everything. It is like a little fair world.  Its romantic, and fun and whimsical covered in plants and lights it really transports you. This is not a place you go to just for the food, find a special occasion, or a reason to celebrate, or if you're visiting our fair city make a reservation.  Sit in the garden, wait as long as you have to if you must and enjoy a cocktail.  
Though the shining star is the ambiance the food itself is amazing and worth the 5 stars.  We did the tasting menu with the wine pairing since we did not feel like making decisions that night, and every one of the 9 courses was spectacular.  It is also a lot of food for a tasting menu and you will leave satisfied, I promise.  I can't recall all that we had but the fried oysters and salmon were among the stand outs.  The regular menu looked amazing as well and I'm sure just as much thought goes into everything.  Everything is thoughtful, and perfectly done, its evident that all of the food is well thought out and fresh.  I also have to note that the wine pairing is also the way to go, the pours are huge and if you're nice they will WAY over pour (not a complaint) and the wines are all fantastic, my wine snob date was impressed. 
The service was top notch as well.  I'm a huge Steven Starr fan maybe because having worked for him I know that guest experience is held to a very high importance and the staff here is truly dedicated to that.  Our server was sweet and friendly and every course came out perfectly timed.  The manager was pouring the wine for us and he was knowledgeable and willing to talk to us about the wine and the restaurant and so forth.  I loved every minute of my experience here and it should be at the top of your list for your next visit or special occasion.
YUM! This place was SO great. Be warned, it is ridiculously pricey; it definitely broke the bank of my student budget. However, any time spent with good company over equally good food is well worth the price. This place is adorable when you walk in. I wish it was warm enough for us to dine outside, but the inside of this place is equally magical. To start, we shared the fresh baked Ligurian, which is reminiscent of a pizza with delicious gourmet toppings. This was AMAZING and I loved everything about it - it was much larger than I was thinking it would be and it reheated beautifully the next morning (gotta love left overs). My friend got the short rib cavatelli, which is basically this delicious mac and cheese with tender short rib mixed in. I got the salmon, which was also delicious, but the portion was smaller than I wanted (I was super hungry going into dinner).  We looked at the desserts, but nothing really intrigued us enough to order it. All in all, the experience here was positive! Keep in mind that the menu rotates with the seasons so something that I mentioned here might not be available when you make it to this place yourself! If you're looking for a fancier option of a must-visit spot in Philly, give this place a chance!
Okay so i want to preface this by saying a bit of my background. I was raised very much surrounded by food; I was Emeril's flowergirl in his wedding and had the pleasure of eating a lot of his food, My parents co own Matsuhisa (chef nobuyuki matsuhisa) in Aspen, so i dined there a lot and grew up tasting amazing flavors. I love picking apart food and truly have a deep love for complex flavors. 

My mom was in town and we both love James Beard nominated restaurants, so we chose Talula's Garden. Absolutely beautiful restaurant and we were so excited to eat here! I can't wait for better weather to enjoy that garden. We did the chefs tasting menu and i have attached the menu in the photos. 

First course, looks beautiful. I take a bite out of my fried oyster and I'm not joking but the first bite i got had a huge shell in it. This is absolutely not okay and also quite bizarre since they should shuck the oyster. I immediately sent it back and you could tell that they were very embarrassed. Now this is my first bite and this is what sets the total feel of the meal. It really took a while to shake it off. They did mention this rarely happens and is something that happens maybe once a year. 

Now the next courses were absolutely divine. Every flavor carefully thought out and big and bold. The pasta dish was the only thing that was not my favorite. But the duck was absolutely lovely, perfectly portioned and looked beautiful. They also brought us a chef gift of the risotto which was one my FAVORITE dishes. Absolutely spectacular. Also the cheese dish was so cute, i wish i got a picture of it. Perfect little bite!

we had the wine tasting as well which was thoughtful to each course and really enhanced the flavor of the food. 

Service was also impeccable. Vena the beverage manager was the best and truly made the night special. We were also able to talk to a chef last night, i can't remember his name but he worked right under the executive chef and he was amazing and very thoughtful and apologized for what happened. I do wish that the executive chef came out to apologize for the shell because of the huge mistake but alas. They also were very generous with the discount so that was very sweet as well. 

This place is one of a kind and i will be back. I wish i could give 4.5 stars but yelp won't allow on my phone. the food and service is 5 stars but due to that one mistake i had to knock it back.
If Talula's Garden cut their prices in half, or possibly discounted everything by 30%, I'd have a much easier time giving them a 4- or even 5-star rating. My scallops were very good, the drinks I ordered were delicious and the desserts were fantastic, but the prices were simply astronomical given the portion sizes.

Sure, the place is beautiful, but I could say that about half the new restaurants in Philly. Sorry, I'm just not ready to pay $30 for a quarter of a chicken to experience it.

If you are headed over here for dinner, I highly recommend ordering the Carmelized Sea Scallops for your entree and the Sweet Doughnuts and Rhubard Gateau for dessert. Also, make sure to ask for extra bread - that stuff was almost worth the prices. Almost!
I got a gift card for  Christmas so we decided it would at least help us get our bill down to a reasonable level at a joint like this. 
We made reservations but when we showed up they told us we didn't have them. The people helping us weren't the friendliest even though it was the restaurants mistake. So we waited a while and luckily we were able to get seated. 
The food was good but the final result was pretty pricey. 
In any case I enjoyed myself and my meal but have no interest in going back.
This place. Oh my. Came here for our second anniversary and absolutely loved it. The service is impeccable. Christina is the best! Highly recommend the DIY cheese board - they have an espresso lavender variety that is to die for. Before trying all of the cheeses, someone came over and suggested how to taste them, which I loved. Sitting outside was such a romantic experience - even when it's chilly; they have heat lamps between all of the tables. 

We couldn't have asked for more.
Always pleased with Talula's.  I chose this place for my birthday dinner with my family and it was my 3rd time here ever and it was a reminder that I need to frequent this place more.

I'm a huge aesthetic person which is why I love this place the most but it helps that the food is just as good!  This farm-to-table Stephen Starr restaurant is simply decadent.  

You need to get a cheese board if you're here.  I usually take the waiter's suggestion of their favorite since there's so many to choose from and I know I will like any/all of them.  We also got a few different apps in addition to the cheese board that I feel confident enough to recommend.  
1) Talula's Chopped Salad: fresh and savory for such a little salad...it was so good I wish I didn't have to share it.  A staple if you come here.
2) Fried Oysters: I NEVER had these!!! They were so good.  Breaded lightly with arugula and turnips. Damn. My mouth is watering just typing this.   
3) Clam Chowder: classic and delicious   

For dinner I got the Goat Cheese Raviolis and the mushroom casserole side.  I enjoyed both, but not as much as the pork belly that I got the time before.  My brother got the steak and he was v pleased.

For drinks: I got 4 of the Bee Keeper's, which is Talula's Moscow Mule. They were honestly so good and fresh but not worth the $12 price tag...but it was my birthday so yolo. 

As for why there are 4 stars and not 5...the prices are steep.  I think it's worth it, but only for a nice romantic date or a special occasion.  I have been here for just drinks and apps in the garden, which is less expensive but still a pricey option.  In addition, service is subpar.  Our waiter left us hanging quite a bit.  In addition, I feel like the number of different servers you get, bringing your food out, cleaning your plates, refilling your water, gets quite confusing.  

In all - totally recommend. You gotta come here at least once.
On a double date night, my other pair of friends picked this place for dinner. Having been here only once before, it's interesting how depending on where you sit, you can get a completely different vibe. At Talula's Garden, you really can't beat the ambiance, especially on a cool summer night. Inside there's high ceilings and long curtains pulled away from the windows, letting lots of light come through. The dining area is very open and modern. At a loss for words, the outdoor area is  very "garden-esq," especially with vines of little lights draped against the brick wall. Now onto the food...
Complementary Brioche- yummy, like a croissant, enjoyed it very much with my cheese plate
Not Your Granny's Cheese Plate -  a nice selection of cheeses, though I always can't help thinking if the price tag is really worth it. I don't think you can ever go wrong with cheese, unless you're lactose intolerant.
Raw East Coast Yellowfin Tuna Crudo - a party in my mouth- very refreshing and I loved the balance of watermelon against the tuna... though I wish there was a bit more tuna.
Fresh Baked Ligurian 'Focaccia di Recco' - this is definitely a must! It was crispy, sweet, savory, creamy in all the right places. Truly magical blend of ricotta, grapes, honey.
Pan-Fried Rainbow Trout - my bf thoroughly enjoyed this dish, especially the crispiness of the skin
Roasted Golden Tilefish - the only dish that I found to be so so. While the fish itself was cooked nicely, I found the corn and curry sauce lacking in robustness of flavor. Whatever flavor it was tasted less like curry and more like dishwashing detergent. But maybe that's just me.  
I would definitely go here again, but it is a bit pricey so only on a special occasion.
I've been to Talula's a handful of times. All experiences have been exceptional. Food is great. Atmosphere is great, but the service is what keeps you coming back. Everyone is always on point with their jobs. Hostesses are friendly and helpful, waiters know the menu inside and out, + bartenders pour their heart and soul into the cocktails which are worth every cent. 

I've only ever sat outside once, but it was a delight. The garden gives a very wholesome feel. Good for some instagram photo ops! My other experiences have taken place inside the restaurant. I came for brunch before and was luckily enough to sit in the long table towards the back. A very cute spot for a larger party. Brunch at Talula's is always good. If coming here you can't miss out on the Donut Munchkins. Seriously... you will regret it. All brunch entries are enticing, but I've always stuck with the Local Brunch. The local consists of scrambled eggs, bacon, fried potatoes, and an english muffin. Pretty basic for $19, BUT it's so damn fresh and delicious. They also have a pretty great Bloody Mary too! 

My last dinner visit was on Christmas Eve. My only small complaint about Talula's is the seating. If you're seated in the front room you have to embrace sitting on top of the tables next to you. In fact in order for my husband and I to have sat down we had to move our table completely out to even attempt to sit down. Once you get over that it's smooth sailing to deliciousness. Like I said before, our waitress was great. Always there anytime we needed anything. All meals came out efficiently and all were equally good.  

More Must Haves:
Pear & Goat Cheese Salad: AMAZING. 
The Scottish salmon: A++
Rock Star cocktail: Seriously tasty!
We had been looking forward to the opening of Talula's Garden for weeks and were incredibly excited to get an opening weekend reservation on Friday night.  Our excitement grew even more when the friends joining us for dinner got engaged on the way to dinner!  Needless to say, we were ready to celebrate; however, as a group, we were fully underwhelmed. 

The night started out promising with a welcoming hello by the hostess and beautiful ambiance, but went down from there.  The litany of shortcomings:  

Drinks- It took ten minutes to order a drink.  When we asked the server questions about the cocktails and beers, she was unknowledgeable and condescending, telling us to look at the menu (and reading off of it herself). When she seemed unsure, she said, "It's as local as you can get!"  

Cheese plate- Ordered it because of raves about the cheese monger.  The cheese was amazingly delicious. But again, both our server and the woman who delivered it were unsure of the selections and read off the menu to describe the cheeses.  Additionally, no vehicle was delivered to eat the cheese on.  We were given a cheese knife and a tiny jar of honey.  

Timing/Delivery- It took ten minutes to order drinks, ten minutes for our drinks to arrive, then another ten minutes to order an appetizer just because our server kept disappearing. We were having a leisurely time chatting, when our cheese plate arrived.  Less than five minutes later, our entire meal was delivered.  Brioche with ramp butter is promised with the meal; however, ours was delivered after our meal.  

Food- The food was tasty- perfect for a small plate, but too small for a meal. We ordered the lobster & pork belly (delicious!), the chicken (left something to be desired- dry chicken with disappointing risotto), and the beef & short rib (the short rib was to die for; the potato foam added nothing).  We were asked if "medium rare" was okay for the beef, to which we requested "medium" and "medium well".  However, when the meals were delivered, both came out medium rare.  Additionally, the local ingredients idea, while something we fully support, is incredibly forced and not so slyly tucked into every interaction and menu description.  

The atmosphere is gorgeous; the concept is lovely. The food was good, but not worth the build up. Hopefully Starr and Olexy tweak some details because they've got a great idea in Talula's Garden.  We can't wait for warmer weather and will definitely return to sit in the garden and enjoy a cocktail.
Amazing!  A hair's breadth away from 5 stars - so I'mma gonna do it and give them all five - and especially Marina our kind, patient server who was so accommodating.

Firstly, my dining companion and I walked in 45 minutes EARLY for our 8 PM res.  This is a hostesses nightmare and we were prepared to be told to "sit at the bar" but we got a table (in the bar area) right away.

I had 2 of the tastiest Arnold Palmers you can imagine - made with the herb-infused house sun tea.

Everything we ate from the fluffy warm brioche rolls with ramp butter to the delicate "handkerchief" pasta (mine with umami rich rabbit, my friends was vegetarian) to the luscious side of garden beets (at least 2 varieties of beet - possibly 3 it was hard to tell) and candied orange peel and a touch of creamy fresh ricotta. - All was wonderful - but the real showpiece was the special of SEASON ONLY squash blossoms (which I love!!!) delicately fried - stuffed with goat cheese and herbs.

Calorie-city!  But so tasty - and we shared an order of 4 - so 2  seemed just about decadently perfect.

We also splurged and shared a Millefuille (more like quatrefuille - please tell me somebody gets my jokes...) of thinly sliced banana, toffee and chocolate served with a rich yet delicate quenelle (aka the Quenelle from hell) of dark chocolate sorbet. 

Wow.

Beets (pun intended) the heck outta Parc.
Similar price points but somehow we spent WAY less (no $60 seafood cocktail tonight, thank you very much).

Dinner for 2 with soft drinks and 1 dessert (no alcohol) was around $75 before tip.

I can't wait to go back.

GO TO TALULA'S. 
Go!
Go!
Go!

And ask for Marina - what a sweetheart.
Tatiana was a doll, too.

Great service, great food, precious decor (a little too cutesy for me, but it's Starry-eyed splendor in the grass.).

You got me!
I am less than thrilled with this place. Knowing that I was coming in town this weekend to see family, I wanted to make reservations here as my mother has been dying to try it. I called about 2-3 months ago to reserve a table for 6 for Saturday evening. The lady that I spoke with was incredibly pleasant and told me it was a little far out and to check back in mid February.  So, like a fool, instead of insisting, I did just what she said. She sounded reasonable enough!

Mid February rolls around, interesting, still tells me that there are no tables available yet. I try again...and again...and again...until finally the week of my trip home to Philly arrives. Still no availability. So strange I thought! So I called Talula's to see what was up. And I was met with the response "Oh, we take reservations months in advance, this weekend has been booked solid for some time now'

How interesting! When I called in January, you were not accepting reservations. Pretty disappointed that it's the week of and I now need to find new plans for my mom and dad's 60th birthday celebration. And guess what...every decent restaurant in the city is booked now. Dear Mom and Dad, I hope you like homemade treats that will hold you over until my next visit at Christmas.

Thanks for nothing Talula. Thanks for nothing.
I haven't shelled out that 5th star in a while.  It's as if that 5th star is a vowel I have to buy on Wheel of Fortune.  Let me also add that Talula's was my second dinner of the night, after a whole day of eating.  

My brother comes to town, I took the day off of work, we ate Philadelphia.  This was our last stop of the night, for a 10:00pm dinner.  I think if we came here on an empty (or emptier) stomach, I might have proposed to Talula.  

Anyhow,  we had the halibut artichoke dish, lamb in the clay pot thing with polenta (I can't really recall the official title), and a mushroom pate of sorts.  Everything was just so well done and balanced, I don't really have a better way of putting it.  Just all the ingredients made sense.  I had a hard time picking from the menu because even reading the ingredients, I thought it was brilliant.  

The garden area is very cute, and the service was impeccable.  Small talk, large talk, they covered it all.  A waitress who wasn't even our waitress sold the ginger ale like she owned stock in it.  I would've bought tap water from her by that point.  

Talula, I'll see you at the Table in 2012.
i'm a hater. i'll admit it.

i actually walked in not wanting to like this place. who does that, right? i'm particularly critical of restaurants that categorize themselves as new american cuisine. to me, that just means you threw together a bunch of random ingredients that weren't meant to go together and you labeled it innovative food porn.

when i saw that the entrance to the restaurant was through a side garden, i scoffed inside. maybe cuz it was raining and the garden reminded me of a soggy wet dog, but i was immediately turned off. i thought to myself.. is this the best you could do, mr. starr? but the minute i walked in, i smacked myself in the head and promptly removed my foot from my mouth.

it is quite elegant inside, and as others have said, there are hints of bucolic charm throughout that surprisingly don't detract from the dining atmosphere.

everything was on point, from the cocktails (my favorite was the strong old fashioned, aptly named "the cook") to the soft brioche rolls with ramp butter to the entrees to the nonstop attentive service. even the co-ed bathrooms were clean and polished.

the entree selection is a little narrow, but i find that this is often the case with new american restaurants. i went with the spiced lamb shoulder, which had the perfect gamey taste. some people don't like lamb because of its gaminess, but i choose lamb because of it. it came in three large pieces that, for the most part, were tender and moist. the lamb sat in mashed-potato-consistency yogurt that was creamy and not at all sour. and the polenta was an excellent complement. 

after dinner, i chose to go with haitian french press coffee instead of my usual dessert, and was surprised to find that a medium fills up 3 entire large mugs. THREE! so good, you'd be out of your mind to drink it any other way except black.

you know what? haters gon' keep on hatin'. but talula's garden managed to stop me in my tracks. damnit.
There is much better food in the city (particularly along the lines of the haute farm fresh and local), much better execution, and much better atmosphere.

I enjoyed the food and the indoor/outdooor space of the former restaurant occupant, Washington Square. I was excited to experience a touch of Talula without the one year waiting list and drive out to the country for Talula's Table.

Despite elaborate and inspired menu descriptions, everything I ordered was bland and tasted nothing like its description. The cheese plate appetizer was a standard and set the tone for the meal to follow. None of the cheeses came close to those you can buy from the Talula's Table stand at the Head House Sq. Farmers market or even a cheese plate from Tria. The split pea soup was decent. Because of the extreme contrast between the elaborate description and the limp vinaigrette drenched butter lettuce that appeared in front of me (that I could have produced in my own kitchen with some juice, vinegar and substandard olive oil) I suspect that many of the ingredients were omitted. Upon ordering, the waiter informed me that all ingredients were Celiac safe except the croutons. Perhaps the kitchen took this as license to leave everything off the salad or the ingredients were allegedly blended into the dressing?

I declined to say anything. Our waiter, although nice, seemed incredibly stressed and flustered. Everyone working at the restaurant from the hostesses to the bartender gave off a weird vibe. After many high school and college years in food service, I have developed a 6th sense about such matters and thought better than to send anything back to the kitchen.

It was what I generally expected of Stephen Starr,  mediocre food at high prices, a signature trait that I had hoped would be tempered by the Talula collaboration. Generally instead of good food, Starr provides atmosphere. I had hoped for much more of a magical-garden-farm oasis-feel tucked away off of Washington Square, particularly considering the perfect space Talula's garden had to work with. Instead the space felt as if they had lost their design enthusiasm somewhere in the middle and stopped.

Still, the bill was huge (as I expected) for a meal that was far below my lowest expectations.  I wouldn't be surprised if pre-packaged ingredients from Trader Joe's were a kitchen staple (not that there's anything wrong with that, just not for an average $100 tab for two). For much better farm fresh local food I would suggest Audrey Claire, Noble American Cookery or even Farmicia . . .
Adorable place, excellent dinner. I prefer their dinner to brunch food. The cheese plates are as amazing as the hype!!! Love the world travel cheese plate.
I came here Saturday night for a special dinner with my boyfriend. I was sadly very disappointed. I thought it was very expensive for the quality of the food/ service. The garden is nice but there are tons of outdoor restaurants in Philly and the food here was not up to par, I do not believe we will return. Small portions. Good drinks. Good charcuterie platter. My boyfriend ordered the steak but it was about 6oz and came with scant sides. The steak was also pre sliced which I thought was a no no because it dries out the meat. I ordered the side of beets and salad. I was less than impressed. I made these reservations 2-3 weeks ahead of time so I was very disappointed to say the least.
Talula's Garden is a wonderful farm-to-table restaurant with beautifully presented plates and delicious seasonal menu that is ever-changing.

A group of us came here for double date night, and we had a wonderful evening.  We ordered:

+the Master Class... Six Artisan Cheeses (came with candied nuts, honey, housemade jam, and a variety of cheeses; these were all devoured in a few minutes!)
+the Cornbread and Pennsylvania Maple Butter (because, who doesn't like maple butter with their cornbread?!)
+Marinated Cucumbers (with oregano vinaigrette, feta, sun-dried tomatoes, pickled red onion, and dill)
+Roasted Beets (with walnuts, herbs, ricotta, and orange zest; I love beets, and if you're a beet lover, this is a dish for you!)
+Red Wine Glazed Beef Short Rib (with parmesan polenta, roasted red onions, smoked parsnips, and aged balsamic)
+Smoked Pork Belly (with roasted Asian pear and cabbage, onion-lemongrass soubise, Thai basil, and bourbon soy glaze)
+the Seared Sea Scallops (with preserved lemon, white bean brodo, artichoke hearts, basil, and nicoise olive vinaigrette)

Each plates were more than shareable, even the entrees, and were all fresh and tasty.  Our friends absolutely loved the food and the whole experience, and we were happy!

Our server was nice, but was a little pushy; the ambiance was laid-back and casual.  I liked how it was dark with little lights.  The al fresco dining seemed like a nice option for the spring.

+tasty farm-to-table eats
+get the cheese plate!
+limited and restricted parking
To begin my description of Talula's Garden by telling you about my experience with the bartender may seem odd.  I feel that it captures the essence of what this restaurant is all about.  Balance.

As I sat with my partner in dine, I saw a drink called the Tree Hugger which was essentially a manhattan with some maple syrup and black walnut bitters.  Since I have more of a savory palate, I asked about the sweetness of the drink.  The bartender assured me that it was only half a bar-spoon of maple syrup, just enough to take the edge off.  I took his advice and tried the drink and with that I knew I was in for a great experience.  The cocktail retained all that I loved about a manhattan but now with an extra touch of something else.  It has certainly opened my eyes to working with maple syrup more at home.

Dinner, which followed was essentially flawless.  The kitchen and our server proactively addressed our food allergies (taking note from the Opentable reservation) and let us know which dishes were safe and which could be modified.  The torchon of foie gras with multiple pear preparations was just an excellent dish.  The mizuna gave the perfect little bite which cut though the richness of the rest of the dish.  The beets with orange zest and almonds (ricotta on the side) to me demonstrated the strength of the kitchen and their skill level.  There are plenty of places in Philadelphia making vegan food, but only a select few do it this well.  The mushrooms followed suit in that they were cooked perfectly, retaining that lovely mushroom flavor and the silky yet firm texture.  Once again, this is how a vegan dish should taste.

For my main, I went with the duck on the recommendation of our server.  It was brought to me a perfect medium rare and the accompaniments brought the dish to a memorable level.  It contained elements that were both heavy and light, perfectly weaved together.  Like my drink the started the evening, this along with everything else was in balance.

While I have focused on the food I would also like to note that this is a beautifully decorated restaurant.  High ceilings, large windows giving plenty of natural light and common items used as decorative elements give this a warm, rustic and comfortable feel to the space.  I was very impressed by the look of this restaurant.

This for me was a truly enjoyable dining experience and I can't wait to return with others so they can share in it as well.
A few months back, I was thinking of places to go for the GF and my anniversary. After passing on the usual suspects, I couldn't believe that we still had not been to Talula's Garden. This was quickly remedied with a reservation at the enduring (and endearing!) Washington Square West hotspot. 

The Artist [$11]
Prosecco, grapefruit, St. Germain 
 
The GF started off the night with a light sparkler. Grapefruit definitely complements effervescence well whether it's a paloma or this subtly sweet tipple.  

The Treehugger [$14]
Bourbon, maple and black walnut bitters

Black walnut bitters seem to be all the rage these days with the city's mixologists. And with good reason - I enjoyed what was essentially Talula's take on a maple manhattan - sweet with substantive body from the bourbon.

Amuse Bouche

We were presented with a nice amuse of goat's milk cheese and raspberry jam atop a crisp flatbread. Tangy and sweet, there was nothing wrong with this! 

Bread Service

One of the best bites of the night wasn't anything we had even ordered. The house-baked brioche was buttery and warm. It was topped with a pat of maple cayenne butter, which brought a nice spicy kick on the finish - right to the back of the throat! I savored each bite slowly and it took all I had not to ask for another! 

Fresh Baked Ligurian 'Foccacia di Recco' [$16]
Fennel jam, whipped ricotta, juicy blistered grapes, buffalo taleggio, truffle honey

A must order in my mind is the Ligurian Foccacia di Recco, which often makes an appearance on Talula's seasonal menu. We enjoyed one topped with fennel jam, whipped ricotta, and buffalo taleggio. Basically think of a crispy, buttery, and cheesy tart, with the truffle honey complementing the sweet blistered grapes nicely. 

Brown Butter Glazed Potato Gnocchi [$16]
Slow-roasted pulled capon, local mushrooms, dandelion-sage pistou

The gnocchi were well-made, with the fattened capon adding richness to the broth and each bite. The pistou added a nice balance to each bite with fresh basil and garlic notes. A shave of parm imparted a last hit of salt that brought out all of the individual flavors. 

Maryland Crab & Bow Ties [$16]
Parmesan-meyer lemon-parsnip nage, brussels, bacon bits, tarragon hazelnut vinaigrette 

The acidity of the lemon parsnip broth complemented the sweet crab well, with the bacon bits providing some salt and the brussel leaves supporting each bite with some backbone. The bow-ties were well-made and perfectly al dente. 

Pan-Fried Rainbow Trout [$28]
Griddled russet potato cake, bacon, broccoli, pickled cipollini onion, horseradish creme
 
The GF's crisply fried trout was nicely seasoned. I loved the acidity of the pickled onions and there was nothing wrong with the latke - crisp, onion-laden, and with nice heft to balance out the lightness of the fish and veggies. 

Berkshire Pork Belly [$29]
Pan-roasted local orchard apples, five spice apple butter, pickled radish, fresh ginger salad

My pork belly was a stunner. Unctuous and fatty, there was nothing unabashed about this dish. The ginger salad and pickled radish provided a nice countervailing acidity to the heft of the pork, with the roasted apples and five spice apple butter adding sweetness that always complement pork so well.  

Buttery Georgia Grits [$8]
Nora Mills white corn grits, caramel sea salt compound butter 

While this dish could have used a touch more salt, the white corn grits had great texture and was surprisingly subtly sweet from the caramel compound butter. 

Sweet & Spicy Sugar Beets [$8]
Honey cardamom vinaigrette, mint, pickled pepper and cumin yogurt

On the other hand, the sweet and spicy sugar beets were a winner in my book. Sweet, light, with great texture studded throughout each bite, these were addictively delicious. 

Kentucky 'Pecan Pie' Ice Cream Sundae [$11]
Bourbon-pecan ice cream, gooey pie crust, bourbon sauce

At this point, we were stuffed and had plenty of leftovers. But you have to get dessert, right? While the pie crust wasn't as gooey as I thought it would be, the bourbon-pecan ice cream was the stuff dreams are made of! 

Salted Caramel Chocolates

The kitchen also graciously sent out some chocolate sea-salt caramels to end our meal - always an appreciated gesture typical of any Starr Restaurant production.

Talula's is definitely a beacon of gustatory delights. In fact, days later, I was thinking about a few of those dishes. The brioche, the foccacia tart, and the pork belly? Unreal. Highly recommend Talula's for a proper date night - I know I'll be back soon!
I've dined here twice before and the food here is just on another level. Their menu is phenomenal. It will take you a while to decide what you want because it all sound so good! 

They also have a good drinks menu. I got the drifter (a margarita with jalapeño infused tequila) which had a spicy kick to it- I really enjoyed this paired with my meal. I got their special for the night which happened to be the sea bass accompanied by other delicious sides. The bass was fried to perfection. It reminded me of my childhood and one of the fish dishes my mom used to make. I also shared the east coast tuna ceviche appetizer and the fried Chesapeake oyster app. The ceviche was so light and refreshing, and the oysters were perfectly fried I almost forgot I was eating oysters! We also shared the salt roasted sweet potato and brussel sprouts. This side was so addicting I could eat it all day! We finished off our meal with 2 desserts- the little ricotta donuts and the honey crisp apple tart tatin. I was in heaven! 

The ambience here is very cosy and romantic. The decor is so beautiful. The servers are very nice and extremely attentive. I can't wait to come back when it's warmer so I can enjoy their adorable outdoor space. I would highly recommend this restaurant, and I cannot wait to come back!
B E A U T I F U L.

We were in Philly for the weekend and decided to visit Talula's Garden for dinner. 
The minute you walk in, it's like you're in another world.

It's so romantic! The place is extremely dark at night so I wasn't able to take a lot of picture of the food.
I had the roasted duck which was cooked to PERFECTION. 

We ended dinner with the warm peach crisp which was sooooooooooooo YUMMY. 

Everything was PERFECT. I couldn't be anymore happier! 
Thank you Talula's Garden!
This is such a beautiful restaurant and I am so happy to live near by. 
I had brunch before and this time I tried dinner and I am glad I did. 
The weather was perfect for outdoor dining experience and food was delicious. Me and my girlfriend split couple dishes and we really enjoyed them. 
We got welcome dish- fresh baked brioche. Yum yum yum. For appetizer, got tuna crudo and sweet pea salad. Tuna was so fresh and paired watermelon was amazing. Sweet pea salad was little blend for me but friend enjoyed it. We shared pan seared halibut. The portion was not so small and broccoli was delicious with fish. 
We couldn't decide btwn ricotta donut and butterscotch pudding so we got both! The pudding was the winner for sure . Must get it.
The ambience at night created an excellent dining experience under the stars! Tatula's Garden at night during the summer is a great place for an intimate setting with a few close friend(s) or date night.

The customer service was exceptional and the food was fresh! We ordered a cheese plate (interesting to taste the different cheeses and nuts) and cornbread (was on point; especially with the maple butter)! For my entree, I ate the house-made ricotta ravioli. The flavors of the pasta were interesting (in a good way) and the portion was just enough. I also enjoyed their Prosecco as well!

Tatula'a Garden went over and beyond with taking precautions during the pandemic: before entering the restaurant-- employees check your temperature on a face kiosk, of course the guests have to wear their mask coming into the restaurant, all the servers had mask and face shield, on the table they have information explaining how to be safe for everyone during this time. I was highly impressed at all the effort the restaurant has done for their staff as well as the guests.
A friend I hadn't seen in almost a decade was in town and we decided to meet up with some of her other friends (party of 5 in all.) We made reservations for 8:45 but when we got there our table wasn't ready for another 10 minutes or so. We were eventually seated outside and the vibe was cool and lovely for a group like hours (it can get a little noisy if you're close to another rowdy table). Also, maybe don't sit outside if you're sensitive to mosquitoes. 

I heard this place was good for the cocktails and I'm a sangria fan so I tried the Winemaker. I really enjoyed it, very refreshing. I also tried the pineapple mojito, you won't enjoy this is you don't like fruit pulp in your drinks. 

The waiter brought us some Toasted brioche to start, very warm and chewy. Our table decided to share everything so we could get a taste of something. I personally won't do this ever again since it really was only just a taste. The plates are teeny (I know they're small plates but I've never had this small before). We started with the tuna ceviche which I did enjoy, the croquettes which were cute and perfect and the fried oysters. The table consensus was that the fried oysters were not enjoyable: seemed underseasoned and too much flour. 
Next we tried the pan fried gnocchi (I know supposed to be pan fried but just tasted burnt to me), I did enjoy the goat cheese ravioli (they only brought out 5 so I only tasted 1, but I enjoyed that one haha). I also very much enjoyed the pork belly and would recommend that to others trying out this place for dinner. 

I finished with the NJ blueberry pie sundae. Make sure and read the menu, this is not pie a la mode. I did enjoy it though, blueberries seemed quite fresh and the ice cream was perfect. The chocolate mousse was much richer than we expected but quite nice (we were expecting fresh cherries on the side but I think we misinterpreted the menu). 

The service was quick and friendly and I might come back here for the cocktails but probably not for dinner again.
Exceptional cheeses.  Great eco wine list.  Incredibly knowledgable wait staff (how do they memorize all the facts about each cheese?!  I'm astonished.)

But the food was not so impressive.  My fiance and I ordered a few different entrees with friends, just to get a taste of the menu.  None of us were at all impressed.  Nothing special about the food here, folks.

Bottom line: go here for cheese, a little wine, then head to another restaurant for the entrees.  The focus of Talula's Garden is CHEESE.  and only cheese.
Two days after a perfect Mother's Day brunch, I am still smiling just thinking about the day. 

I came here initially a couple months ago back in February for my birthday brunch. We had the long table in the back which was kick ass. I had a 1:30pm reservation and we had to wait until 2 to be seated, but the restaurant made sure we were taken care off once we sat down. The food was amazing. I got the creole brunch, they ran out of shrimp and had to substitute it with scallops ... did not bother me at all :). I was having a bad couple days before, and made sure to let the waitress know that my drinks needed to be extra strong ... she passed on the message to bartender and my drinks were just how I liked them from then on. Everything the table ordered was magnificent. It was all of ours first time there, and everyone was really satisfied and had an wonderful time. That's when I knew, I had to bring Mom here on her day.
I made the reservations when I was first able to on open table. They called me a few days before to confirm, and left a message saying that if I did not call back by Saturday at 5pm to confirm my reservation would be cancelled. I quickly called back. Once we got there, I asked for us to be seated in the garden, and they promptly set up a table for us. We were seated within 5 minutes of getting there. The garden is very quaint, goes very well with the "vintage" feel of the restaurant. It is also completely in the shade, so I think even on a hot day sitting there would be good. The temperature was close to 80 degrees, but it was a little chilly (nice) sitting there. For our meal, we started out with Bialy & Lox. The lox spread was delicious, we all wanted more. The rest of the food was great, my dad got the burger, my brother got the filet and my mom and I both for the creole brunch. All of it came out fantastic, and everyone cleared their plates.  Our server did not bother us at all, which I loved. He would come around once after bringing out each part of the meal, ask how it is and the let us be. We did not feel rushed in anyway, with it being mothers day and  all. We all walked out of the meal full, but not stuffed and with big smiles on our faces. I think it was the combination of the atmosphere, the food and the great weather that really made it the perfect Mother's day brunch for the family
Serendipity? Stumbled upon this place by accident... Well, kinda, sorta, ish. After being totally underwhelmed by the South St "block party" and severely parched; I decided to do a quick Yelp search for an outdoor restaurant. Talula's popped up, and it was only a  7 min walk.

Ambiance: Walked in from the beautiful outdoor space, then made my way to the host, who greeted us with a huge smile. There was no available outdoor tables without a reservation, so we sat at the bar. 
The bar wasn't terrible big; it seats about 10-12. The ambiance is rustic Chic, lots of light from the glass "storefront". 

Service: Amazing! Bartender was so charming and attentive. Top-notch service. Didn't get dinner just an app; the tuna crudo and it was very good and fresh. We got some complimentary "brioche and chees?" thingy; so good!!!

Cons: a little pricey for Philly and the drinks could have been stronger. 

I'm totally coming back for dinner next time!
Talula's garden has "old money" vibes, super sophisticated, love the darkness and ambiance here. The service has always been really great, servers are super knowledgeable and attentive. Prices are steep for the portion size but it's truly delicious.

What I really loved here was the chicken, cuts like butter!!! So moist. The hangar steak was cut perfectly. I also highly recommend the duck. I definitely recommend ordering a bunch of entrees/appetizers and sharing them family style, such a great experience!
Incredibly disappointing dinner at Talula's yesterday, which is a shame given the ambiance and reputation this establishment has.  But interior design and decent service aside, the food here is both unpalatable and overpriced.  The cheeses were underwhelming, the crab pasta was overly oily and salty, and the pork chop was mostly fat rather than meat.  Given Philadelphia's amazing food scene, I would avoid this place at all costs and find a better place to eat.
Talula's has been a staple for me for several years now. Whether I'm grabbing something quick at the cafe or enjoying something tasty at the garden. I'm typically a brunch goer and make reservations in advance. Trust me on this one. Make a rezzie, they are always busy. One of the things I love most, aside from the charming outdoor dining area, is that although busy the staff is highly attentive and accommodating. 

Late last year I had to change my diet for health reasons. Sometimes when you request customization of a dish at a restaurant, you are met with pushback as if the chef is personally offended by your palate. Omg- get over your cheffy self. Some people love food but simply cannot have certain ingredients. The staff at Talula's not only accommodated my request but they exceeded my expectations. 

Whether you dine here because of the freshness of local ingredients, their perfectly cooked bacon (because perfect bacon is totally living your Besssst life!), or because you love sharing a meal in an inviting and well managed space. You can't go wrong. 

Can't find parking? Valet, lyft or walk. They are super accessible right across from Washington square park. Fill your belly, grab coffee to go and enjoy the park and historic Philadelphia all nearby!
We made a reservation here for 2 for Saturday (Dec 7) at 9pm. They told us to wait for a couple of minutes as they were cleaning the table. We were right beside them and waited for 25 minutes and noticed people coming after us were getting seated. We asked for our table again and the hostess told us the same thing all over again and asked us to wait while the table was being cleaned. We asked her the estimated time and she said that she cannot tell me exactly how long that would take and was not polite at all. We were upset and left the restaurant. If you take reservation you should honor it and shouldn't  make people wait for 30 minutes. This restaurant is NOT worth my time and money.
All I can actually say is wow. I have a whole list of places from the past few months living in philly, and this was the first one I chose to brag on. 
Everything, from the delicately crafted food, to the insanely knowledgable staff, to the heated entrance (seriously, nice job for the freezing winter nights) is spot on. 

Where do I even begin... The service. The waitress we had was a complete dream. She was so tolerant of our dumb questions about unfamiliar cuisine from the menu, and had an alcoholic pairing suggestion for anything you could find. She even had a generous knowledge of where all of the things on the menu were sourced from, as well as the inspiration behind some of the items. I have literally never been so impressed by a server. I would go back again just to hang out with her and pick her brain about the menu (it was that interesting).

The cocktails were impressive. I had something with gin and elderflower simple syrup. Wow. A stacked list of craft beer, wine and champagne is also available. 

THE FOOD. We started off with these dainty brioche buns that were perfect. Perfect isn't even the correct word. Godly. That's better. I wanted at least 35 more. 
We then had the American cheese plate. Every single cheese was accompanied by little perfect random things. Raw honey, toasted nuts, fruit, jam etc. Can't handle talking about it knowing that I will never have cheese at home that will compare. I think I have some Kraft singles in the fridge... 

We had the gnocchi with fresh ricotta, as well as some sort of pasta with roast duck (like I said, this meal was a few months ago so I'm foggy). Perfect. Everything was done so correctly. Melt in your mouth, perfect pasta. 

For our main we ordered Brussels sprouts with roasted bacon and candied walnuts and some other less memorable vegetable side (literally can't remember). The sprouts were bomb. So crunchy, so awesome. At this point we were so full that we had them box up most of the sprouts AND an entire order of the crispy pork belly with leeks, apples and nuts. The pork belly was so good that it was even impressive when we reheated it in our oven (a culinary sin that should be punishable only by death). We were just so pumped to eat here that we ordered wayyyyy too much food. Had to take it home. 

We obviously couldn't leave without experiencing the desert... We ordered the cookie plate and it was nothing shy of exceptional. A tiny lavender and lemon macaroon, a delicate madeline, a rich chocolate cookie, house made chocolate with sea salt and caramel, and more. Yum yum yum yum.  

The menu is always changing based on the fresh farm to table sourcing and the food in season. I can only imagine that the summer selection (when all of my favorite fruits and vegetables are in) would be unreal. 

This is a true experience, and I suggest you set aside the time to go. It could even wow someone who isn't obsessed with cooking and food (me), I'm positive. Take your significant other, visiting friends and family, boss, homeless man on the street or whomever and go.  Just make an excuse to get yourself there. 
Hopefully the kitchen staff that works in the afterlife is required to have spent time cooking at Talula's. I would eat here every day for the rest of time if it were possible.
I don't know why it took us so long to make it into Talula's Garden - but I am so happy we finally made it in (and then again just a few days later, and then again and again). Talk about a number of exceptional evenings of great food, service and ambiance (on all visits - so they get an A++++ for consistency too). 

On visit #1, it was a work client who was visiting town (and I was able to take my spouse). We started with the world travel cheese plate (love starting with so many great cheeses - and it seems like you can't go wrong with the many different boards you can get, and of course, you can also customize if needed). We then had three different entrees - salmon, pork chop, and steak - and each were amazing. We also got the waxy beans, cucumber and beat veggie sides (also more amazing than anticipated). The wine selection was quite great too.

On the following visits, everything was equally as delish. I have now had the steak multiple times, cheese, almost all of the veggie dishes, the salmon, and more. And everything truly has been top notch. The service is just the icing on the cake. 

Looking forward to our next reservation in a few weeks (already). And even more excited to see what menu changes fall and winter will bring too. It will certainly keep us coming back!
talula's garden is my absolute favorite restaurant in philadelphia and is now my fiance's favorite too. their menu changes seasonally so i won't review any specific dishes but i can tell you with 100% certainty that their cheese plates are the best you'll ever eat. their homemade pasta is also always divine. The atmosphere is one of the best in the city, especially if you get a nice night and can sit in the garden. My fiance and i actually shot our engagement photos in their garden because it is so picturesque. The service is also outstanding without exception. We have been many times over the 5 years and talula's has never disappointed, not once. this will always be a go-to spot for us.
I went to this place by chance.  I didn't read the Yelp reviews but simply picked it based on one item on the menu, the Steak and Tomato sliced and charred ribeye, breadcrumb baked heirloom tomato, spiced eggplant, tomato and shishito peppers.  I really didn't read anything about it and knew nothing more than they have cheese and ribeye.

This place is remarkable.  The food combinations were unbelievably perfect.  First, I ordered a 2 cheese plate and my waiter, Paul-William, was so knowledgeable about the different cheeses that I almost wanted him to describe and explain everyone of them to me.  Lucky for him, he quickly helped me pick 2 that were delicious! The cheese plate comes with a variety of fruit, both fresh and dry as well as a spread. My taste buds were singing. Delicious! 

Then I had the ribeye. Holy moly! It was delicious.  I ordered it medium, it was a tad over cooked, but that did not take away from the taste or experience.  I know some people are very picky in this regard so make sure to be a little descriptive in how you like your meat cooked.  The combination of flavors in this dish was unreal! It's a must try! 

If you're in the area and want a culinary experience unlike any other, you MUST eat here.  It's not just a meal, it's a delightful experience. The chef is a culinary artist unlike any other.  Unique and perfectly blended flavors. 

They also have a great wine selection.  

It's a lovely location, very romantic, but even perfect for the solo diner like myself. The service was also fantastic.
One of my most beloved restaurants in Philadelphia. All our visits to Aimee Olexy's gem have been memorable. 

We first went just days after they opened, to celebrate a friend's birthday. There were no "opening" issues--food service was flawless, prompt, and friendly and the food itself was mesmerizing. It was a fall menu and my friend had the chicken entree that was the most delicious chicken dish I've ever encountered. I honestly had no idea somebody could make such a simple protein taste that wonderful. 

All our visits include a cheese tray because that's Olexy's calling card. When you're in the home of a cheese bar as beautifully laden with exotic, rare, and fantastic cheeses like Talula's Garden, you'd be foolish to skip this course. 

Brunch with the family here was also an experience--everyone was besides themselves with glee at their various choices, the coffee is superb, and the breakfast pastries were divine. 

Finally, I've had some of the best cocktails here as well! The lemonade with huckleberry delight from last summer was so good, I clearly committed it to memory. Of course, their "artist" cocktail is a standard and always a fine choice. 

The attention to detail here, in both food, presentation, service, and surroundings are praiseworthy and a visit here is always worth the wait. Perhaps most impressive, is the fact that such astoundingly excellent food and service comes without an ounce of pretense. There is nothing stuffy or obnoxious about the staff, food, or environment here and I feel like I'm back with friends every time we visit.
I have since been back to Talula's 3 more times - including last night.  Each time was a true 5 star experience.

But not last night.

Service was still great.
Food was not 5 star.  (The cheese plate was still 5 star - best bites of the night including Délice de Bourgogne and a fantastic onion-y Abbott's Gold Cheddar.  (Had that last time and swapped it into the "World Travel" cheese plate.)

The cavatelli app was superb.  But tiny.
TINY!
Yes, I know it's an app - but they presented it in a huge, deep "pasta" bowl and it made it look even smaller.  Maybe serving it in a more propotionate vessel?

My friend ordered the spring foraged salad which sounded heavenly on paper and in real life was just OK. The ramps were over powering and the foraged lettuces were a bit bitter and odd tasting.

The beets and ricotta side still rocks my world.

It was a strong 4 for food, 5 for service but...
...here's the BIG but...

The cocktails have somehow gone awry.
Even my Arnold Palmer was just "meh. (Did they change their iced tea??)
My friend ordered a "The Painter" - a champagne cocktail and it looked like a watered down mimosa with lemon juice instead of orange juice ($12 - FEH!)
And the enormous wine glass that the rose came in (Reidel crystal??) made the skimpy less-than-6-oz. pour look positively puny.  ($10 - FEH again!)

I am deeply saddened to have to downgrade Talulas as it was one of my absolute faves.

So sad.
So sad.

Meanwhile - come have a cheese plate here - but be wary of the new barkeep.
We were so excited to try Talula's Garden, being one of Philadelphia's most magical and tasty restaurants. We originally opted for a table right in the garden for my birthday celebration, but between the heat and downpour we decided it was best to play it safe and change to an indoor option. Luckily, there was an available time slot for us and the staff was so helpful when updating our reservation.

We both started with specialty cocktails. I got The Hustler, a spicy strawberry margarita, while my boyfriend got the Bee Keeper, a Moscow Mule. Both were super tasty and a perfect offset to the summer humidity.

To start our meal we got the peaches and burrata- it did not disappoint, though the ciabatta bread was a bit too buttery for our like. Otherwise, superb! We didn't want to spoil our appetites, so the appetizers ended there.

For entrees I got the scallops and shrimp over lemon risotto which came with a little assortment of vegetables. The scallops were to die for, so buttery in the center and oozing with flavor. The shrimp were equally as tasty and a nice size. The risotto, perfectly seasoned, cooked and flavored. The portion size was just right but still light enough to squeeze in some dessert. My boyfriend got the short ribs over polenta, with carrots and onions. So.freakin.good!!! He didn't even need his knife to cut the meat, it just fell right off. The polenta was smooth, carrots and onions provided a great crunch, and the glaze was delicious and perfectly tangy. A very rich meal, though, so we have leftovers to eat for lunch today! 

As a side dish, I HAD to have the beets with ricotta and crispy walnuts. Omgggg...so good! I could eat that combo all day, and for a side dish the serving size was HUGE! Again, excited to eat for lunch today.

We ended the meal with a little birthday treat- the amaretto crème brûlée. YUM! It had candied mandarin in the center and topped with a homemade biscotti. Oh, and of course had to do the tap test. Caramelized to perfection on top! Haha! 

Such an epic way to kick of my 30th year around the sun. The only lackluster part of the meal was where we sat. While we were grateful to end up sitting inside, we totally missed out on the amazing ambiance the restaurant offers, and were booted to the bar area, which has a more industrial vibe. Otherwise, a fabulous meal and fabulous service. I would definitely return in the future!
cute FAIRYTALE meets garden BRUNCH spot w/ outdoor & indoor seating!! another stephen starr restaurant (i'm starting to feel like he owns Phili)

make an RSVP for easier seating but if not feel free to visit the bar area while you are waiting!
---tree hugger cocktail: if you like bourbon i think this is the drink for you
---breakfast strudel: such a unique & enjoyable egg dish! the flavorful creme fraiche paired well w/ the salty & crispy crust, the only flaw was the raw water cress asparagus side salad
---green meadow ham w/ pepperjack omelet: cooked PERFECTLY light & fluffy and the house fried potatoes were delicious

brunch was such a hit that i wish we had room for appetizers & desserts but that'll have to wait until next time!
Our anniversary was a few days ago, so we decided to splurge and order from Talula's Garden since they are on Caviar. 

My husband and I both got the short ribs with polenta and it was divine. The sauce and polenta made the dish. I'm not a huge polenta fan, but I could eat this for days! My husband got the cornbread, which he said was a bit dry. 

For dessert, I got the apple/cranberry crumble with chai ice cream. While it was good, there were too many flavors going on. I would have preferred vanilla ice cream here. 

Overall, we enjoyed our dinner and look forward to visiting the actual garden once COVID is over!
I've been meaning to come here for a long time - such a beautiful restaurant inside and out! 

In light of the arctic temperatures and winds of Sunday night, we did not dine in the garden/courtyard (which we'll have to come back for when the weather is tamer). However, we got to sit next to the large windows overlooking the garden, so it was kind of like being in it :) 

The contrast between the cold, empty streets and the warmth and bustle within the restaurant was quite remarkable. The service was also excellent from beginning to end. (Shout-outs to server Nalini, bussers/runners, hosts, and managers - who all contributed!) It was clear that they paid a lot of attention to details. 

Food-wise, I feel like the strongest qualities were creativity, freshness, and execution of the sauces, which were simply incredible in every dish we tasted.

We started out with the Secret Stash, which consisted of 5 seasonal cheeses with salami slices, fruits, nuts, and other condiments. It comes with a small bucket of house-made cheesy crackers and artisan bread. It's a bit pricey for the amount, but it really tastes like a party in your mouth, so if you're into cheeses, I highly recommend. We were so excited about the menu that we ordered way more than we could handle.

While we waited for the next course, we were offered warm brioche topped with aromatic butter, which were heavenly. Then arrived our pasta selections - the Suckling Goat Cavatelli and the Creamy Robiola Ravioli. Both were ridiculously good. I could describe them at length, but in a nutshell, the suckling goat was very tender and the sauce was outstanding, and for the ravioli, eating it felt like taking a bite out of a garden - you can't really beat a combination such as kale and basil scented pasta, with black truffle butter sauce, spinach, and crimini mushrooms. These come in small-plate or full entree portions. 

Next, we had the Roasted Leg of Lamb (med-rare) and the Old Fashioned Beef Brisket. The lamb dish was delicious - with tender sliced of lamb laid on top of buttered hummus, which added a subtle flavor. The braised black lentils that came with it were good, but I thought their texture was a bit tough and didn't quite go well with the dish. The beef brisket dish was also a bit disappointing. It was served with delicious garden-picked carrots and turnips, and again, came with an AMAZING sauce... but the brisket piece itself turned out to be mostly fatty tissue, which made it difficult to enjoy the good aspects of the dish. Maybe I just got an unfortunate piece, but for the pricing, I feel like there should be more attention to the meat vs. fat ratio. This is the reason for the 4 stars for an otherwise 5-star experience. However, both entrees were otherwise good and paired well with a delicious side of collard greens. I usually don't like collard greens, but these collard greens are the bomb!

We finished off with a Rose-Scented Chocolate Tart, which was beautiful and tasty. However, I was confused because I could not detect any rose scent or rooibos flavor as indicated on the menu. At any rate, overall, the food and service we had here were great, and I am determined to come back to try other menu items in this beautiful venue.
We returned for a second visit to Talula's...after the first, we declared it our favorite meal in Philadelphia and promised to return for the next celebration. So we did..our engagement! The service was phenomenal, but the food was not as good as our first visit. Our first course of homemade kale pasta with veal had great flavor, but was heavy on the salt and a very small portion. My duck entree came out lukewarm and while they very graciously took it back to the kitchen, they obviously just reheated the food that was on my first plate and replated it. Even when warm, the duck left something to be desired. Some of the vegetables on my plate were so salty they were inedible. The lamb entree was fantastic - excellent flavor and perfectly cooked. But the table next to us got a much larger portion when they ordered the same dish, which was disappointing. As I said, the service was excellent. They offered us complimentary sorbet and prosecco when I mentioned we were celebrating our engagement, and everyone from the hostess to the manager was so nice.
This  was my second time to Talula's garden and I must say I was impressed. we started the meal with a delicious bread with truffle butter on top. 

I started the meal with the snapper crudo  raw gulf red snapper Jonagold apple and endive salad Kohlrabi jalapeño vinaigrette and candied kumquats. While I normally up for the Foie gras I decided this was clearly the superior beginning of the evening. Refreshing and savory, the blend of the vinaigrette and sweetness of the Apple followed up by the freshness of snapper made for a delicious appetizer.

My dining companion head the Hudson Valley foie gras ganache. Concord grape preserve, crisp sunchoke chips, ripe Crimson pears and warm Brioche soldiers.  Savory and sweet this dish was absolutely delicious.

I have to comment on the Apple cider and spiced rum cocktail called the northerner which was also a succulent wintry sweet cocktail that flowed quite well with the dining selections.

For my main dish I had the crispy spaced Burkeshire pork belly, caramelized savoy cabbage, salt roasted winter apples, glazed Hakurei turnips, and Apple butter. This was again a second delicious addition to the meal and well worth the expense. 

We also got beat seared dayboat scallops, fragrant roasted quince, parsnip purée, toasted hazelnuts, citrus herb vinaigrette, fresh baby kale. The purée was fantastic and clearly made the dish what it is. The scallops were absolutely adequate but nothing to write home about.

We got a side of the maple roasted butternut and acorn squash, hot and spicy toasted Pecans. They were delicious as well however we could not finish them and took them home. not too sweet yet just sweet enough these were butternut squash to die for.

For dessert we opted for the lemon pudding cake with pomegranate granita, moist lemon cake, and sweet meringue. I loved the base cold chips of pomegranate. The cake was good as well and they also had flambéed meringue which was a nice touch.

I ordered a cappuccino to finish the meal which was perfectly adequate. However I was not offered any sugar for the cappuccino which I found to be unusual.

On a final note when we sat down to dinner in first order drinks I was not carded but the person I was with this evening was. While I am only 27 I found it unsettling that only one of the two of us was carded I felt that if you card one you should card the other even out of courtesy.

I am still giving this restaurant five out of five stars due to the overwhelming deliciousness of each course in the meal sequence. However the portions I felt were small but I may be biased since I tend to eat a lot at one time.
5 stars if it were just an ambiance rating, food was good, although not blow your mind good. For the price and portion size, don't get me wrong I don't think you need 4 pounds of pasta on a 16 inch plate, but you can get similar quality for less or more food for the same price elsewhere. We ordered drinks at the bar while we waited for our table, service was a bit lackadaisical, but not overly slow, I had the "beekeeper" which was a Ginger honey lemonade based mixed drink, was long island iced tea like, although the bartender admitted no honey actually exists in it:-/ my date had the margarita, decent but the cilantro garnish was odd and overpowering. Once we got a table in the courtyard, which is definitely worth the wait, we had a again slowish server, everyone is really friendly, a little floaty, like they belong to a cult, but just a little too unhurried for my personal taste. So food... We originally ordered a cheese plate while we waited at the bar, didn't come till we were seated though, about 25 minutes later, ok timeline for hot app or sushi but pieces of cheese, not so much. Cheese was good, lack of ample bread/crackers and accompaniments was a little annoying though. We skipped the appetizers as it was already 9:15 and we had to sleep at some point that night, so we ordered entrees right away. I ordered the wild mushroom gnocchi( vegetarian, btw) and my man got the grassfed beef dish. Both were good, I didn't try his beef, but he said it was good, nothing to write home about though, as for my gnocchi, note that there were only about 10 actual gnocchi, they were delicious,light and moist on the Inside, pan seared and crisp on the outside, served with an awesome selection of wild mushrooms, including but not limited to; morels(yes!) hen of the woods and oyster, the one time I could actually fathom eating the amount of gnocchi usually recieved at other restaurants would be if they were these gnocchi. Oh, last thing about the gnocchi, they come with a raw egg yolk for you to break and sauce them with but my foodieness stops at raw eggs so maybe ask to leave that off if that idea grosses you out at all, it didn't need any extra sauce or moisture anyway. Lastly we did get dessert, didn't take as long as expected, still a bit of a wait though. We got two, the baba cake and the petit cookie assortment. Baba cake- not remotely soaked or rummy enough, although the paired cardamom ice cream would definitely be something regretfully eaten by the pint while watching reality tv. Petit cookies were meh, good but on the whole underwhelming, something you could get at any nicer bakery. So to sum up, great ambiance, overly relaxed and possibly medicated servers, good but overpriced for the quality/quantity. Good for a date night where you want to linger or if your rich and have no where to be. The end
I say this in the manliest of man voices: This restaurant is quite lovely.  Really. The entire space, from the welcoming outdoor garden to the interior dining tables and the bar area.  It's lovely.  Okay, moving on....

Everything about Talula's Garden is perfect.  I can't find any flaws with this restaurant.  From the menu to the unisex bathrooms.  Aimee Olexy knows what she is doing, that's for damn sure.  Fast growing to be one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia (watch out Zahav & Osteria).

Start with a drink at the bar.  Might I recommend 'The Cook', a cocktail comprised of Kentucky Bourbon, Cherry and Brown Sugar.  An Old Fashioned if you will.

When your party has all arrived and your table is ready, begin with one of the six or so selected Cheese arrangements.  Great start to the meal.  From there I would order your dinner courses along with a bottle or two of wine.  To eat, I'd make a recommendation, but really you can't go wrong with any dish.  The menu is consciously created, with every dish including ingredients carefully selected to create the perfect plate.  Everything on the dinner menu is outstanding.  And sure to be seasonal, fresh and sourced from a local farm. I find the portion size of each dish to be appropriate.

Often overlooked by most restaurants is the dessert menu.  Not here.  Our table ordered five different desserts.  None disappointed.  All delivered with a sweet happy ending to a great meal that preceded. And all did so without being too heavy.  Light and sweet, what every dessert should aspire to be.  Serve desserts with ridiculously good La Colombe Single Origin Haitian French Press Coffee and our table left very happy.

As I said before, I see why Aimee Olexy gets so much praise from the food critics.  She knows what she is doing.  It was evident  on this night, as she made her way around the restaurant, from table to table, ensuring that each guest was enjoying their Talula's Garden experience.  We did.
I waited a while to write a quick review on Talula's to see if my opinion would change, and it didn't.  The food was excellent, but not mind blowing from a creative standpoint.  The service was wonderful and personable, but a lot of our experience was tainted by an overly drunk table hailing from Jersey.  

We loved the cheese plate, but it was a little light for the price.  The escargot toast was excellent.  We enjoyed the earthy flavor combined with the mushrooms and the herbs blending it all together.  The duck cassoulet was traditional, but refined with large chunks of bacon and herbs.  I'm a sucker for peanut butter and jelly anything, so the doughnut dessert with the perfect peanut butter mousse and jam was a great way to end a meal.

It can be a little tight inside, and it's a pricey dinner.  Talula's would make for a great destination date night in the garden.
My first time here was great.  The  service was impeccable and everything was great, from the wine and appetizer to dessert.  So I pretty much came back here with expectations.  The staff, like the first experience, were very nice.   The sweet corn soup was amazing, but I did not really care for the butternut squash tortellini.  The ginger/pear creme brulee was very tasty.  It was not your traditional creme brulee that comes in a shallow dish.  It was just two dollops of something that tastes like  mascarpone cheese topped with two caramelized sugar crisps.  

Even though I did not care for the tortellini, that wasn't not why I took away a star.  First,the service is very swift, but too swift may be a bad thing.... like taking away someone's side dish when they were not finished with it or wanted a box.  I was at the restroom at the time, but when I got back my friend said that they had taken it so fast that it pretty much went unnoticed. Obviously the server didn't bother asking if we wanted it boxed.  

This is insanely annoying to me that a  server could be this negligent and/or presumptuous.  This actually annoyed me so much I want to give it a three stars, but I decided it wasn't entirely fair to have the team taking the hit for one person's one wrong doing.  This actually happened to my family and I at the Morton's Steakhouse in Pittsburgh.  We were all immersed in a conversation we didn't notice that the waiter took away appetizers we were not finished with.  We never went back after that.  That's how annoying this behavior is.

Another thing about this place is there is their meat selection.  I was surprised to find that the second time chicken was not the menu anymore.  Chicken is also pretty standard.  Since they change their menu, I would call in and ask about the menu to see if there's something (fish, chicken, duck, pork, etc) that you'd like/in the mood for.
Talula's Garden never lets me down!
Covid-19 precautions are taken with temperature scans before seating and sufficient space between tables.

I went with a group of friends for brunch. Two of us got the brisket. The meat was divine. I'm not too sure everything that was in the bowl but the flavors just worked. The pancakes were fluffy (but I wouldn't get those). The chicken and waffles were above expectation - chicken was perfectly tender and moist.

You can't go wrong with anything!
I loved every minute of my evening at Talula's. We were there celebrating a romantic evening, and Talula's nailed it. We showed up early for a cocktail at the bar, transitioned to the cozy dining room and spent the evening half gazing into each other's eyes, half going on about how good the food was. 

I feel like the dishes are unique enough to be considered a treat, and not something you'd want every week. Therefore I don't mind paying a little more for them. Not really because it all local and sustainable (I think that's something they are known for), but because it seems as though everything was made with love.

Speaking of the whole local/kind business, did you know most wine isn't vegan? No, me neither. I do now though because Talula's menu indicates whether wine is vegan and/or eco friendly. If you are into that sort of thing.

I'm excited to come back in the summer for cocktails and small plates on the patio, it really looks adorable.

I would recommend this place for romantic meals, dinner with the parents or summer cocktails with the ladies.
I have always enjoyed spending time in gardens. I could literally spend hours alone in the Morris Arboretum, just admiring the fresh air of nature and taking it all in.

...but thanks to Talula's, now every time I'm in a garden, my mind will be distracted by a burning desire to eat the entire place to the ground. All the ingredients used here are fresh and local (okay, except for the imported cheese), and it definitely makes a difference in the flavor. We had ordered zucchini blossom tempura, foie gras parfait, seared scallops, and eggplant-marscapone agnolotti (though this may be irrelevant since the menu changes like a girl changes clothes). Every dish was flavorful, light, and left you feeling like you just did a little bit to make Mother Earth smile. Service is friendly and accommodating (the guy from Cafe Estelle is there!), and the decor is not overly Stephen Starr (a plus).

If you have the opportunity to sit outside, particularly in the warmer months, take it. The beautiful outdoor seating area looks like it's taken directly from a page of Alice in Wonderland, right at the part where Alice is joining the mad hatter and rabbit for tea just as she realizes that the tea has been drugged and their true intentions were to force her into slavery to manage the upkeep of the garden to lure more unsuspecting girls into their flourishing, naturally radiant death trap.

(...that's what happens in the book, right?)
Talulah's Garden is beautiful, with the perfect ambiance for an intimate date. My boyfriend and I visited on a Friday night. We made a reservation the same day for 9:45 pm. The location can be a bit difficult to find; we accidentally walked into Talulah's Daily and had to be directed two doors down. 

We started with cocktails: the winemaker (a strawberry sangria) for me, and the liberal (a gin cocktail) for my boyfriend. We split a pasta dish as an appetizer, and I ordered the lamb belly for my entrée. The waitress warned me that it would be fatty, but that was fine to me. It was glazed and smoked to perfection, absolutely delicious. My boyfriend remarked that it reminded him a bit of the lamb shoulder at Zahav.

Overall, a great meal, ideal date spot. Would love to come again for brunch sometime!
