For this Cali dude, 30 minutes walking around in 30 degree weather was 27 minutes too much!  We parked, saw the Liberty Bell, walked to the Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier and then needed to warm ourselves up!  Luckily, Talula's was right there behind us.  We walked in and were greeted with such welcomed warmth...... by a heater!!!  Yes!!

Ok, we were also greeted by warmth from the employees.  The ladies behind the counter (and then gentleman, after I finally decided what I wanted) were so friendly and helpful.  They answered all my questions.

We grabbed a few things to try out:  chocolate chip cookies, blueberry muffin, ultimate zucchini bread, mini buttermilk biscuit, and a Nashville for my hot coffee drink (Hazelnut Praline Latte) of choice.  I'm a sucker for chocolate chip cookies and the ones over here are absolutely delicious.  One of the ultimate comfort foods!  To pair it with the Nashville is as close to perfection as you will get.  I also loved the ultimate zucchini bread (the original one doesn't have candied pecan strudel).  While I didn't have any of it, they also have salads, sandwiches, rotisserie chicken, and other delicious items for a hearty lunch, brunch, or dinner.
The sweetest little spot. Being a big fan of Talula's Garden, I figured I would thoroughly enjoy its more casual 'stop and go' sister shop just next door. I/we most certainly did...

It's earthy with a bit of boho/country chic just like its counterpart. It's a fantastic spot for just taking a load off for awhile. Whether you're stopping in for a strong cup of coffee perhaps with one of their house-made natural syrups, or for a truly unique blended herbal tea, it's really just lovely. Pair your beverage with one of their delicious pastries such as homemade scones or their famous zucchini bread. Maybe even dunk your complimentary cookie you'll receive with Yelp check in? 

There are a few seats by the window downstairs for you to enjoy your cafe treats, or you can head upstairs where there's a small dining room and another entirely separate counter... 
Wine and cheese boards? They've got you covered. Salads, soups, sammies? Yep, they've got those too. Gluten free and vegan friendly items? You bet! Perfect light brunch and lunch spot. All seasonal and farm to table, just like at Talula's Garden. 

We really enjoyed our dirty almond milk chai, Belly Better & African Sunset teas. We also tried the ultimate zucchini bread and mini banana bundt cake which they let my daughter select as our Yelp check in "cookie". :)

Seats were fairly limited mid afternoon on a weekend but I suppose that is a rather popular time for a visit. Bring a little patience, enjoy the surroundings, and grab a seat in a bit. Worth the wait. Grabbing your items and enjoy dining al fresco at the bistro tables out-front or even picnicking across the street at Washington Square Park is a great idea in warmer weather and one I am certainly looking forward to! 

Fab Philly Mom says: definitely bring your WELL BEHAVED children. (There's really not much room for strollers and bigger car seats or running toddlers.) We just loved a tea and sweets date here post Walnut Street Theater For Kids performance with our girls ages 7&5. The teas on the menu from 'African Sunset' down are herbal/caffeine free. Perfect for the littles!

4.5 Stars.
A group of friends and I hit up Talula's Daily last week for their January dinner tasting. It was a meal I had been looking forward to for a while, and everything about the experience exceeded my expectations. In particular, our service. I could not say enough about our amazing server, Erin. She went above and beyond to accommodate some special requests at our table and she was just incredible throughout our meal, which lasted several hours. 

Our group of eight were seated at the long table, which was beautifully set. I had heard a lot of hoopla about some overselling of the Anthropologie-brand tableware, but we experienced none of that during our visit. Honestly, the products sell themselves; I would happily set a table with anything used during our visit. 

From the warm bean dip to the smoked trout salad to the delicious chicken and dumplings to the whimsical cheese plate to the grand finale of assorted cookies and pastries, dinner was FANTASTIC. I wasn't drinking but those who opted in to the beverage pairing seemed very happy with their decision. As if we hadn't been completely spoiled already, we were all given a parting gift of delicious homemade granola with dark chocolate. It was the perfect treat the next day and a great reminder of our meal. Can't wait for my next dinner at Talula's!
I have been meaning to come here for lunch for a long time and I am SO glad that I had the excuse when a friend came to visit last week. The place is adorable - when you walk in, there is an area with tons of delicious looking baked goods and a coffee bar with well-done chalkboard signs hanging on the wall. They also have a cooler with beers and a cute old fashioned stove on one wall. It's like you walked into someone's kitschy kitchen. 

The lunch options are in a large refrigerated section, which is a little bit strange. We were there past the prime lunch hour, so the options seemed a little picked over. However, I found a salad that sounded great, with cheddar cheese chunks and some dried fruit and nuts. (You pick your item out of the fridge and then take it to the counter to pay.) At the register, they gave me a giant ceramic Anthropologie bowl to eat it out of, which was probably my favorite part of the experience. I think this place made some sort of deal with Anthro because tons of their decor, etc is from there (I work at Anthro, so it was all familiar). I am not complaining! 

At the counter, they have a couple more warm food options and my friend opted for the grilled cheese with portobellos, which they warmed up and brought out. We also each got a free cookie with our Yelp check-ins, and it was amazing. Yum!! My lunch total (no drink) was only $11, which is fantastic for a salad and some chips. I was so full I couldn't even finish (although I managed to choke down the cookie somehow...). I can't wait to come back- maybe for dinner next time!
What a perfect way to enjoy a beautiful Saturday morning! My friend and I came here for brunch and sat outside overlooking Washington Square Park. 

We each got drip coffee and a cheese plate to share. The cheese plate on the menu was much larger than what we wanted so we got a smaller cheese box from the refrigerated section with three types of cheeses, mixed nuts, honey and crackers. Absolutely delicious and only $10. 

Don't forget to check in on Yelp and collect your free cookie. We got to choose from chocolate chip, peanut butter, and mudslide with walnuts. We both got the mudslide (which was still soft) and loved it!

This is an adorable cafe and its a la carte menu for brunch/lunch makes it a popular and affordable option for those casual mornings!
Stuff that's awesome: The all-Anthro decor, La Colombe coffee, crazy delicious baked goods (free cookie with Yelp check-in!), outdoor seating facing Washington Square Park.


Things I can't get behind: Pre-made sandwiches that are merely heated up for you (this includes pre-grilled grilled cheese, and that's just not right). There's a massive open kitchen for everyone to see...what's so time consuming about making a fresh bacon/egg/cheese? Especially when you're charging $7 for it? Speaking of prices, a small bowl of orzo pasta salad set me back nearly $8 the other day. That's what happens when all your goods are priced at $13/POUND. 

While it's quite charming, Talula's Daily is simply not a place I could frequent, well, daily. And isn't that the point?
I came here prior to taking an exam at the Curtis Center. It was not cheap in terms of breakfast, but man was it the best decision I could have made. At least that's how I feel walking out on my way to an important test. The food was wholesome, hearty and delicious. The coffee was on point. The atmosphere was chill but very positive. I feel ready to destroy this test now. Also I would like to add one last note: they were one of the only spots around that I could find who were open before 8 am. Spot on guys!
This review is for the Super Club.  You guys, this place is the real deal.  For $55 a person, you get 5 filling courses and the most impeccable service possible. The ambiance was amazing, they shut down the cafe and set up a few tables for patrons to sit.  We ate with dim lighting and candle light and everyone's noise levels were very low, it was almost like we were there alone.  We could also see the chefs in the back creating all the dishes, it was truly an experience.  We also had some dietary restrictions (pescatarian) that they accommodated beautifully.  I was even informed that vegetarians and vegan substitutions can also be made. Finally, the drinks were to die for, I highly recommend the beekeeper.  I really can not wait to come back next month to see what the menu has to offer.
We stopped into Talula's Daily a couple times over the weekend. The first time, we were looking for a quick breakfast. There were croissants stuffed with turkey and Swiss for under four dollars, so we opted for those along with a couple cups of La Colombe coffee. I asked for extra room in my cup after noticing that the coffee was filled to the brim. My boyfriend, unfortunately, did not. When he picked up his cup, it started to buckle causing hot coffee to spill all over his hands. So unless Talula's decides to upgrade their cups, do yourself a favor and ask for room so you don't suffer the same fate. 

Aside from that unfortunate mishap, I have mostly positive things to say about this place. The dining area is very cute, though shared tables are a concept that not everyone seems to grasp. Sharing is caring, folks!  

There's currently a check-in offer for a free cookie, which I am looking forward to claiming. The aforementioned turkey and Swiss croissants were quite delicious. A second visit yielded tomato focaccia that was absolutely fantastic. Their mushroom soup was too heavy for my taste, but if you love mushrooms and are looking for a soup that will stick to the ribs, you'll probably want to try it. 

I'd really love to check out one of the dinners sometime. Until I do, I'll be swinging by for more food to go or a quick bite in.
One of the most magical places in washington square.
A place that serves all of my favorite beverages ( coffee and wine) , fresh baked goods on the cutest anthro table settings. GIANT HEARTS(insert emoji).

This review is based on two encounters once for a lady date with wine and cheese and the other for the secret supper club. 

I met one of my favorite lady pals here a few months  back and we did what we always do... share a cheese board and gossip over glasses of wine. The cheese board was the perfect size  and came along with a few house made accompniments including a TDF quince like paste. The monger asked us our cheese preferences and we both agreed we could do without any blues. The board that came out was pure magic and he even threw in a few slices of a house cured chrozio like sausage. It was a decent size board for two to share and they have boards to fit any size group priced up to 35-40.00. My only  gripe about my afternoon here is the very small and pricey wine list. A few blocks west and a few blocks south one could visit a well known wine bar with alot more options and a better price range for wine. i will pay for delocious grapes in a glass but my sav blanc here rang in at 11.00 and to me its tasted more like an 8.50 glass if that. The seating situation is intense and forces you to be a friendly philadelphian ( even if deep down you hate everyone) Get there at the open of the doors or stroll in after 1:30 or you will be fighting that old couple thats seated at a 4 top instead of  two top for a seat.  My afternoon delight here left me with a four star impression.

I'm always a fan of group dinners and tend to stick with a crew who's down to spend a few shekels more for a great meal. From start to finish the supper club was beyond five start right away. We had a few dietary restrictions at the table , but our server Erin quickly diffused any bombs and the delicious food followed shortly after. 5 courses of well prepared food came out over the course of 3 hours. First the bean dip split between table sections with amazing crackers and warm bread. The salted flour pot bread that came out shortly after made me want to cry it was so good. Our next course was a smoked trout salad again fresh and light prepared and presented so well . The chicken and dumplings ( or extra dumplings for me ) was hearty and filling and the dumplings were so good . Our fourth course was a mountain cheese board and featured La Tur which is pretty much the most amazing cheese that will ever hit your lips. All the accompaniments were prepared in house and the local honey was a nice added touch. Dessert left us all speechless . A mini smorgasbord of decadence. Chocolate chip cookie sandwiches filled with ice cream and rolled in bacon = #sydi and love every bite . Our board also featured a orange scented Madeline , flour less molten chocolate cake and a pine nut square that made me drool.
Service from Erin was spot on. Our group got a little rowdy once the restaurant started clearing out and most peoples beverage pairings were down to drink 4 and 5 .
I will most definitely be back. Did I mention the house made granola parting gift that made the perfect morning snack the day.

Pro tip- so Sunday supper with up to 12 of your foodie friends . Email or mark your reso with any dietary restrictions.

Do the optional beverage pairing it's so worth it . Or split a bottle of wine.
Very hearty and quality on the go items and pre made sandwiches, wraps, soups and baked goods. Also coffee, teas and specialty items. 
They also carry some of the items from the sister restaurant's menu. Friendly and helpful staff.
This is a difficult review to write. Some may think it's unfair. But I feel that it's an important review to write to help people from finding themselves in the same situation as my Dad and I...

I must begin this tale by saying I always read lots of reviews before selecting a new spot. The same goes for Talula's Daily. Maybe I missed something? 

We came here for lunch. When we walked in no one paid any attention to us or steered us in the right direction. We moseyed up the stairs and asked to see the menu. The gentleman behind the counter told us there was no menu. Everything is out already and you just take what you want and pay. There were literally grilled cheeses out in the open stacked on top of one another. This is not what we were expecting at all. We thanked him and went somewhere else. 

It seems like this is a great grab and go or grab and work sort of place. Lots of people in business attire and/or with laptops hooked up. If you are looking to enjoy a causal, sit down lunch on a day off this is probably not the spot for you. 

I understand now what they are going for and they may be great for that. What I didn't love was the fact that they assumed everyone walking through the door is a regular and knows the process. It wouldn't have hurt the employees working at the front to offer a greeting or directions when we walked in instead of continuing their personal conversation while we looked around wondering what was going on or how to get a table.
I really enjoy the food here. Checking out the monthly menu is a lot of fun. Unfortunately I forget what I had the two or three times I've been here, but I remember some really amazing chicken. I try to only eat half my entree to save room for dessert - difficult but worth it to be able to enjoy the dessert and for the delicious lunch of leftovers the next day. The space is cozy and the decor cutesy (not my favorite style, but it's fine). The waitstaff has always been courteous. I do remember the food taking a little while the last time I was there. It seemed like the chef was alone in the kitchen, which was maybe why.
I found this place due to great Yelp reviews.  And I agree with the Yelpers that have come before me- this is a terrific place to grab lunch.

This is one of those healthy places where you feel like you add a few days on to your life every time you eat here.   You can taste the "health".   And it tastes good!

The atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable.  Feels like you're a guest at a farmhouse.  A lot of people hang out and read or use laptops.  On a nice day, you can just take your food across the street and enjoy the breeze and scenery at Washington Square.  

The food prices are decent for the area.  The drink prices a little heavy- like some of their bottled drinks are $6-$8.  But hey, we spend $8 a drink at a bar on a Friday night without thinking twice, why not spend it on something super healthy.   But dont get me wrong, you can easily grab a sandwich and a drink here for under $10

Overall, great tasting food with friendly staff and very comfortable interior.
I really wanted to like Talula's garden, the interior is equal parts quirky and cozy and looks like the perfect place to escape a rainy day. It's decor consists of random tables in all shapes and sizes.

The reality of Talulas has always been vaguely disappointing. You can either order from the case of daily rotating specials or you can pick a premade sandwich/salad out of the refrigerated case. 

I've had the Turkey with apple slaw and greek eggplant from the container, and then I had a grilled cheese with tomato jam from the  warm section/case. The cold sandwiches were soggy, the eggplant had a very strange spice profile that wasn't listed on the container. The grilled cheese was mostly bread.

Add a bottle of water and you're talking $12 + for a very disappointing sandwich. Also - While I've never had a specific problem with any of the staff, I can't imagine anyone ever calling them 'friendly'.
It was a wonderful evening when the ACP  Pre course was over. I was walking around the Constitution hall to get a glimpse of the past history of USA. Lot of visitors gathered around the hall busy taking selfies. Before returning to my hotel room , I decided to have my dinner nearby. This restaurant was very close. I did not make the reservation. But I was given a table to dine. The interior decoration was very simple. The chef Anthony Colontonio and pastry chef Vita Shoaff had created a prefixed 5 courses of a perfect meal that surprised me with presentation and taste. The waitress was very polite and friendly. She explained the components of each dish with enthusiasm. The service was well paced. 
The first course was wild ramp and potato soup prepared with Comte fondue, sour cream and onion crisps. It was smooth and tasty. 
The second course was a grilled asparagus salad. It had 63 degree egg, truffle vinaigrette and lettuces. It was sprinkled with puffed rice. It was creamy with a perfectly poached egg and was colorful. It was very refreshing. 
The 3rd course came with Mediterranean Sea bass prepared with spring peas, fingering potatoes with garlic cream. It was garnished with tips of pea plant. The skin of the fish was crispy and was perfectly seasoned. It was one of the best piece of fish I ever had. 
Then came the lavender scented goat cheese . It had fennel crackers and Rhubarb syrup. It cleansed my palate. 
Vita's carrot made the grand finale. It was a piece of art. It was made with cream cheese icing and Candied walnut praline. 
Needless to say, it was the best dinner I had in the Philadelphia. 
If you like to have a great meal with great presentation and satisfaction, this is the right place. Definitely, " I will be back ".
After trying out Talula's Garden, I knew that I had to try Talula's Secret Supper Club. True enough, it was one of my best meals in Philly so far. 

The vibe is very casual and home-y. It was very rustic with the whole candle-light vibe going. I found it romantic and intimate, while at the same time without being overbearing. I thought this would be a great place to go on a date. 

Foodwise, we had: 

WARM GARLIC BREAD: I think bread says a lot about the restaurant because it's often your first bite or taste of what the restaurant has to offer. In this case, they executed something as basic as garlic bread extremely well. The bread was extremely flavorful and my friend and I could not get enough. 

CRAB HUSH PUPPIES: This continued the strong streak of the night. The crab hush puppies were absolutely fantastic. It was extremely tasty and well executed. Though the portion size was quite small, it was still great. 

SPRING VEGETABLE CRUDITES: Talula's did this in two ways. First, they sent out a selection of vegetables on a stone plate that were roasted/steamed then drizzled with vinaigrette. Afterwards, they sent out a salad using the same ingredients and the same vinaigrette. Have to say, I wasn't that big of a fan of these dishes. I had a hard time finishing these. It tasted quite plain and was not that remarkable. 

ROASTED ROCKFISH: This dish was perfectly-executed with the skin of the fish being crispy and the meat of the fish being soft without being over-cooked. That being said though the dish wasn't particularly remarkable. It was served with farfalle, butter, and beans. Everything was extremely fresh but I don't really have anything to say beyond that. 

BAKED GOAT CHEESE: This was probably my favorite dish of the night. The baked goat cheese was probably the best I've ever tasted. The cheese was flavorful without being overbearing and because it was baked, it was smoother and creamier than usual. This was covered in a pastry that was extremely flakey and flavorful as well. The strawberry-rhubarb conserve was a perfect complement to the dish. 

FOIE GRAS GELATO: Though the foie gras did not stand out that much to me, this dish was still a great way to end the meal. The candied fennel and butterscotch sauce, which I was a bit skeptical about at first, actually made for a great combination. It was great to see how all of these seemingly unrelated flavors complemented each other well. This was definitely worth savoring. 

Though their menu changes every month, I think Talula's Secret Supper Club is a must-try!
I was skeptical. Ordered two coffees a salad and a cheese plate. It was $38 plus tip. Coffee was good salad was just ok for $11 (I think) the guy at the counter said 20 mins for the cheese plate . So we wait. It comes out and wow!!!! 5 cheeses and a lot. It was big enough for 4. All the cheeses were perfect. The board was gorgeous. Nuts,fruit , mustard, honey. Stunning! Very worth it. The cheese guy rocked it. I let him choose. It's the way to go.
Open Table told us we could get a Sunday night ressie. Yelp told us the food was good . So it was off toWashington Square.  First we went to Talula's Garden where it took five minutes to learn we were at the wrong place -- even though they're both run by the same restaurant group. 

The Garden is a la carte, large, crowded and noisy. The supper club is a lunch place and deli by day, a pris fixe supper club by night. With great service and food. 

The menu changes weekly but suffice it to say we had a lovely five-course dinner for $55 each. Fabulous gazpacho, huge salads with fried squid, a deconstructed/reinvented paella, a cheese course, and hot buñuelos in spicy chocolate sauce. The lagniappe was scones to take home for breakfast the following day. 

Server John was terrific. And the chef modified the paella to deal with food restrictions. Great dinner. 

Why only four stars?  There were only two couples in the whole place -- with a hostess, a waiter and a chef. Strange. 

Note: it was a hit night, but the AC was up full blast. My friend was smart to have brought a sweater. I was cold in short sleeves.
I can't go one more second leaving this review unwritten. My wife and I live out of town and were out celebrating, and after some Google sleuthing, I landed on Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club. 

The menu changes monthly, and we were there on the last day of the month. It was truly and incredible delight. We added the chef's feature and the beverage pairing to our meal. #worthit 

"Waitress" doesn't feel appropriate for what it is like to guide someone through their meal here - Nicole was a wonderful food concierge, and also just seemed like a genuinely sweet and thoughtful person. 

Not sure how to describe the food beyond the fact that I'm pretty sure it's how food is meant to be prepared and eaten. 

This is the perfect place to celebrate, or just come for a "treat yourself." I wish we lived in town so we could come more often, but we'll be back every time we are. 

Pictured - special celebration bites and some fantastic port.
This is where I like to hide, except it is not really that good of a hiding spot because lots of people I know like to come here too. So I try to hide behind my little cappuccino and croissant, but they don't really survive long enough to effectively conceal my butter smeared face as it invariably emerges from a battleground of flaky pastry shards.  

My faves:
The plain croissant - always warm and perfect
Apple strudel (sadly seasonal! Fall only?)
Cappuccino - so perfect, very milky
Breakfast sammich - ugh

Their pre-made salads are legit too, and although they cost $14 they are pretty large and chock full of things like salmon, edamame and quinoa so you feel like you're investing in your health maybe. They also have a secret supper club with a multicourse menu that changes monthly - this is not so secret and you should check it out! The menus around the holidays tend to be particularly indulgent.
Cute little cafe, stopped by in the morning on a Monday. I did not eat so I cannot comment on the food. There is an order-to-go counter and a separate dining in section. Some of the salads and other lunch items were out and looked delicious, I will have to return to try the food. It was quiet when I went. There are also a few tables out front overlooking Washington Square park.
The food here is delicious and gives off a very 'hipster' vibe. It's also expensive as hell, which is why I can't really give it 5*. Seriously, it's like $11 for a salad that has been sitting in a cooler like a fancy Wawa. Granted that salad probably has some unusual, locally sourced ingredient or something in it...but yeah you've got to be willing to invest. Try it out.
My most recent visit to Talula's Daily was for their incredible 'Secret Supper Club', which is seated in the café area of Talula's Daily.

During July 2018, the menu was centered around Spanish food and every bite was a knockout.

The 5 course meal included:
- Garden Tomato Gazpacho 
- Summer Squid Salad
- Talula's Daily 'Paella'
- Queso Leonora
- Buñuelos 

The gazpacho & summer squid salad were both absolutely incredible. The gazpacho was refreshing and bright, with nice pickled peppers & olives. I scraped the bowl clean. The summer squid salad was crispy and delicate, and the romesco on the bottom was outstanding.

We opted to do the beverage pairing too, which was worth the $35 price tag. 

I have to give a shout out to the incredible service as well. I wish I remembered the names of the dinner manager and our server, both were incredibly friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and made both of us feel special and welcome.
My friends and I did the May Supper tasting a few months back and had a great time!

We loved the intimate atmosphere, adorable décor (all anthropologie), and service was very attentive and super friendly. The waitress even insisted on taking our picture once she heard we do this rotating dinner series to make sure to make time for each other. We've had some great meals through this arrangement (each friend picks a spot when it's her turn) and some tough contenders (Serpico, Vedge) and this was one of the best experience we had. I had also done the $75 course tasting the night before at Fork and preferred this one!

The food was excellent. Every course was delicious (see pics for what we ate, highlights for me were the ramp pesto pasta and the halibut, and duh, the cheese plate).

Some Tips:

--Check out the menu. It's seasonal so if you're not into root vegetables, maybe wait until the spring.
--If you're into cocktails, they can bring over the Talula's Garden menu (and those drinks are delish).
--Make a rezzy. There's not much seating so spots fill up!
--Be ready for the money to add up $55 is great, but with 2 drinks, tax, and tip, it's gonna be about $100. (That's my main gripe with this place-with so many great tasting menu options, this one is a bit on the pricy side).


Highly recommend for a special occasion or if you're a baller like that!
Wow, this ended up being the PERFECT date night.

I was looking for something a little fancy for a celebration and I didn't want to spend a ridiculous amount of money. The secret supper club was the perfect option.

We ended up picking the perfect month because we almost loved everything we got! The only thing we didn't like was the shrimp cocktail and even though they say no substitutions, next time we know to ask for another app. The server reminded us that people have allergies and they always have to have an alternative so definitely something to consider when looking at the pre-fixe menu for the month. 

My whole meal is pictured except dessert but our first course was shrimp cocktail. Unfortunately, didn't try it because I don't like plain shrimp like that but others around us seemed to really enjoy the dip. The second course was a cobb salad, that was fresh and the perfect amount. THEN we got these AMAZING rolls that were warm and butter was melted inside. I will never forget the rolls, and I would go back just for them if I could! Next we got steak and potatoes, it was super fresh. I recommend getting it cooked how it comes, I asked for medium and mine seemed a little more charcoaled then the other plate which was a little disappointing. Next off, cheddar flight! It was really fresh, perfect way to clean the palate and was served with some homemade crisps. Lastly, we ended with a decadent molten chocolate cake. YUM.

The ambiance was good too, small tables and one picnic table for larger parties or separate couples. I got placed right next to the cheese bar which was in the corner so out of the way but learned some new cheeses while sitting there. The staff was great and food was even better. I recommend going here for celebrations or a date night.
I literally go to this place every other day to work. The place is so warm and cozy. Great pastries and coffee selection. Everything is made fresh in the open kitchen where you see chefs whipping up everything from homemade cookies to chicken salad sandwiches. Across the street there is the Washington park, which is great to hangout on a warm day. Outside of the pastries and coffee they also serve dinner at night and deli style food. It's a bit pricey if you ask me but it's a perfect place for a meeting or just to get out of the office. Enjoy!
My wife and I took part in the "Supper Club" on Saturday, and it was wonderful. The location is really cute inside, complete with grandma-style mismatched dishware/flatware. The supper is $55 for a 5-course which (for us) included an app, soup, main, cheese plate, and dessert, and everything was excellent (no spoilers). We also opted for the $35 beverage pairing, which added 3 small glasses of wine and a mini beer (Golden Monkey, surprisingly!). The service was also wonderful: very attentive, friendly, and informative. We also got 2 baggies of house-made granola, which was a great little add-on.

Overall, it was a fantastic date night stop, and with the rotating monthly menu, we'll undoubtedly be back soon.
So I was pretty excited to take my BF out to dinner at Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club for his birthday.  I read reviews, the menu, made a reservation way in advance, etc.  However, I think I may have expected too much because I was disappointed.  The food was good, don't get me wrong, but it wasn't great.  The portions were small, which was OK because there were 5 courses, but it just wasn't satisfying.  

On the positive side, the service was fabulous! When I made the reservation I told them it was my BF's bday and the remembered and brought him out a special birthday dessert!  The atmosphere was pretty cool because we were in what appeared to be a closed coffee shop (I have never been here during the day).  

I think it was too pricey for what was served.  I wish there was more cheese!  I wouldn't recommend.
Ridiculously confusing. Staff pushed us off our table before we were even done and said they 'needed' our table. You can keep it! Well not be returning to sift through your 'visual menu' of overpriced wannabe elevated food stuffs again. 

Btw, your prices reflect each item is made of gold - do not be fooled: price and value are two different things and you've clearly overvalued your mediocre menu. 

Grab a coffee to go and find better eats around the corner!
I think I finally figured out why they call it Talula's Daily. It is because every day there is something new you haven't tried or something you want that is missing.

One day there are cupcakes then the next, no cupcakes. After making the mistake of splitting their awesome red velvet cupcake with my bf, I journeyed back the next day to purchase another red velvet cupcake. Turns out there were no red velvet cupcakes or any other cupcakes for that matter. After asking one of the staff, I was told that what baked goods are made for the day are determined by the chef. There is no schedule. So if I wanted a few red velvet cupcakes, I would need to order some. Big sigh. Pretty much every two days, I would go looking for my red velvet, and left with something else instead. Here is a review of a few things that I am a fan of:

1) Chocolate chip cookie: When served warm or a few hours out of the oven, it is one of the best ccc I have ever had. I have seen them wrapped in plastic recently on the side. However, after a slight squeeze of the plastic wrapped cookie, I know that they cannot compare to that fresh from the oven taste. These used to be $1.50 but now they are $2.00...

2) Red velvet cake: Unfortunately Tartes Bakery loses the trophy for best red velvet in the city. However, at least I can count on Tartes if I am having a rvc craving.

3) Quiche: They have all different kinds. I am not even sure if they make the same combinations of quiche daily. At $4.50, it is a breakfast steal. I split this with my bf and inside the quiche was packed with turkey bacon, turkey breast, arugula, and cheese. 

4) Bear claw: Delicious, but if I only have 3 dollars to spend for breakfast, it is not my first choice.

5) Carrot Cake: Down home goodness. Used to be $2.50 now it's $3.00 argh...

6) Pumpkin Bread: Snacked on this for a few hours. Great flavoring. A subtle punch of pumpkin flavor. Crisp on the edges and goes along well with their cappuccino.

7) Scones: Apple and Ginger, Raspberry and Lemon, Mixed Berry...all great. Mixed berry is my personal favorite just because lemon in the morning with milk doesn't sit well with me. The scones  taste even better when you get one of the day old scones for $1.50 instead of the $3.00 that they usually go for. 

8) Mocha Cupcake: Usually I am not a frosting eater but it was so smooth and creamy, I didn't even notice that I was eating it. 

Things that I am over:

1) That sandwich and salad bar! Listen, it tastes fresh but I just can't get with paying $8 and up for something that is pre-made.

2) Where do I sit? Where do I stand? Where do I order? When it gets very crowded in here, I have no idea how this works. i just throw myself in a line or at a table and hope no one growls at me.
I gotta say...Talula's Daily is the shiz. Friends, if you don't know this already, if you just check-in at Talula's with Yelp you get a free cookie. No questions, no requirements to buy anything. Just a free giant delightful cookie. Now how many places do that these days? And their cookies are baked fresh everyday. I always get their double chocolate chip and buy a snickerdoodle one and I leave immensely satisfied. 

Food here has always been great! Lunchtime can be quite expensive if you're just looking for something under $10 but it does feel like you're treating yourself when you're here. Now where Talula's shines is at their Secret Supper Club Dinner. For $55/person you have a set 5 course meal which changes every month. And the food is divine, up there on the most delicious meals we've had. It's inventive, eye catching, and palliative pleasing. You get your money's worth and you walk away stuffed! The portions are big and they give you granola they made on site to take home. You can also watch the food being made right in front of you since the kitchen is open to view. And since it's a smaller restaurant, the service is intimate and attentive.
Very good frittata and a steal at less than $5.

They are upfront about their relationship with Anthropologie, and that is exactly what it feels like - like you are dining in an Anthropologie store.  Not necessarily a bad thing.  Would be cool if that was actually what it was - getting shopping and eating done at the same time.

Finally!  A good macchiato.  I was so glad to see so many coffee roasters and cafés near my hotel, as I do enjoy a good brew, but was disappointed for the past 3 days with my trials at finding a good cup.  Talula's was by far the best: perfect proportion of steamed milk to espresso, no bitterness (the crux of so many others), and didn't take 45" to make.

Not that I am surprised, as Talula always goes above my expectations.  And my expectations are high.
This review is for the "Secret Supper" at Talula's Daily, which is a set tasting menu of six courses for $55.  

The menu changes each month- and the courses are served family style (with the exception of the entree which came on individual plates).  Our menu for February consisted of warm jalapeno cornbread with honey butter, which were melt in your mouth delicious; a small dish of mussels served with toasted croutons in a broth flavored with lime leaves (the bowl of mussels was a little awkward for sharing among four people- who gets to drink the broth that remains after the mussels are gone..?), a cheesy cauliflower casserole, tender glazed spare ribs, a cheese course and to end it all deliciously a plate of hot chocolate donuts with vanilla cream!

The food was awesome, expertly prepared and attractively presented by the chef in the open kitchen.  Service was attentive and our waitress explained each course and was knowledgeable about the various wines. An optional wine pairing is available for the meal, but we just ordered by the glass.

What I think I loved the most about this restaurant was how pleasant the atmosphere was, the tables are not on right top of each other, the room was quiet enough for conversation and to hear the soft jazz music playing in the background, the room was candelit, and overall it felt very comfortable and relaxed, with a casual elegance. 

I would highly recommend the Secret Supper and the memory of this meal will stay with me a long time!
Super adorable place where I wish I can come to grab coffee and food daily!!

Great hidden gem, you can easily just walk by without realizing what it is or the awesome food they have here!  It's a grab and go type place where you can also have the option to eat there.  They have a small kitchen if you need to heat up food but not used for ordering on the spot.

They have a wonderful selection of cheeses (my favorite!), cured meats, salads, sandwiches and other random snacks.  They ask have coffee (jackpot) so what's not to love about Tulula's Daily?!  I'd love to try their supper club, if the daily food is yummy can't wait to check out their special dinners!
I had the pleasure of dining at Talulah's Daily for their March 2015 supper menu, and I am obsessed. Their EXCELLENT 5-course suppers changes seasonally and is farm-to-table - if I live here, I would come here at least monthly for the supper, and even more often for their daily fare. 

Crumpets - great introduction to the lovely meal. It came buttered & piping hot with salmon salad, whipped ricotta, and fruit chutney (my favorite) and topped with homemade pickles for a crunchy, sour component.

Watercress soup with creme fraiche panna cotta & fish roe - that panna cotta was GENIUS since there are two ways to eat it - either let it slowly melt into the soup, or slice a small chunk with each spoonful of soup. You can control the creaminess of each bite!

Lamb two ways: very well-executed, into medallions and pulled lamb. The barley, carrots, kale, and pearl onions lighten the dish and gives it a fresh component.

Cheeseboard - the cheeses were lovely, but my favorite part was their smear of whiskey mustard spread. The brie(?) cheese served in a melty spoonful was my favorite as it is mild, creamy, and carried all flavors well.

Lemon lavender tart - I do not care for lemon-inspired desserts, but the lavender infused lemon mint spread made me fall in love. I wish I have a whole bottle of it to take home so I can put it on everything I eat.

Talula's Daily is another example of simple food done well while being extremely fresh, innovative, and tasty. I will definitely come back here when I return to visit Philadelphia.
Never a bad experience or meal here. Love the atmosphere, customer service, and overall options. The pre-made meals and to-go options are always appealing and satisfying. One of the best stops in Wash West!
I love Talula's Daily! As a student, I'm constantly on the search for a new study spot. I've been to many cafes in Center City looking for that place with the perfect ambience, fast free wifi, good food, coffee, and of course, wall outlets. Talula's has it all. 

Talulu's is like your typical coffee shop... with some added perks. Close to the front of the store, there's the cafe area with pastries, coffee, and cookies. In the next room, there's a spacious seating area where people are eating lunch or working. They also have a mini market area with cheeses, cold pre-made foods like pasta, and salads. I'm pretty sure there's also a menu you an order from. 

I especially enjoy their muffins (try the cornbread muffin!) and macaroni and cheese. They'll even heat up some of the market foods for you if you're not taking them to go. 

Overall, Talula's is an amazing place to eat and chill during the day. They have a supper club that I'll definitely go to in the future. 

Remember to check in on Yelp to get a free cookie!
Super cute place but overshadowed by disappointing food, limited seating and high prices. Almost everything at lunch is premade, right down to the grilled cheese sandwiches. Yes, they are sitting on the counter (COLD and already grilled) and the staff just reheats them for you.  I did have a delicious fig, prosciutto and ricotta sandwich, and the hot drinks are very good but pricey - almost $5 for an apple cider!?
Went here for an a dinner date and man was the steaks delicious! My only pet peeve is how tight the spaces are for the dinner tables!!! It was very hard to eat when you didn't have any space, and it was quite busy so we didn't get too much table service, but all in all the food was great.
A beautiful cafe for a quick lunch or to settle in for an afternoon to do some work. Wifi available, great quick eat options, and fresh La Colombe coffee. What more could you want?
What a cute little cafe.

I had only been to Talula's Garden in the past, but Daily has a totally different vibe. It also happened to be a close-by early morning option via PATCO on a Sunday, which was ideal as we had a bus to catch.

I only ordered a cappuccino to go, but when you check in on Yelp, you're offered a FREE cookie! And not just a boring baby cookie, but a monstrous helping of sugar and love. The sugar cookie didn't make it long in my purse on the bus. I'd absolutely go back to buy one or five of those pretty things.

My coffee was also excellent, and I look forward to exploring their food menu. I'm still regretting not grabbing a scone!
This place needs an honest review. Obviously, it is beautiful and the ideas are all good but the execution is sadly not.

I went in the third day it was open and ordered a grilled cheese.  I had time to spare, so I sat down and waited, and waited, and 25 minutes later an employee asked if I was waiting for something.  And then 12 minutes later my grilled cheese arrived -- burnt toast and everything.  It was (besides the burnt-ness) a delicious grilled cheese, but it took 35 minutes.

Went back yesterday since I was there one its first days and wanted to try again.  I ordered a frittata as did my friend.  They asked if I wanted it warmed (um, yes) and they whisked them away.  18 minutes later, they arrived at our table and were plunked on the table.  Which one's which? I asked. The employee did not know. That's fine, that's fine. We take our first bite...honestly, not warm at all. I am really not pushy at restaurants because I get it, I've worked in restaurants too, it's not easy! But when you are charging $7 for that grilled chesese, etc. everything from start to finish should be great.
In summary: overpriced, overcrowded, and wasteful! The food might be okay, but it's NOT worth the price tag. Maybe worth it for a coffee/pastry (I didn't try that part of the restaurant) but not for the food. 

I thought this would be a really neat gourmet cafe/cafeteria type place. The concept is trying to get there but it's not. First of all, it's so overpriced. I paid $15 for a small REHEATED piece of salmon and potato soup. SOUP. 1 to 2 stars down for overcharging me for reheated food. 

For the price point, you're better off having a sit down lunch/brunch somewhere in the Gayborhood. This isn't super quick either (because you have to wait for your food to be reheated) and it was hard for my party of 3 to find a place to sit. It's seat yourself  community seating but there aren't enough places to sit. 

Even more importantly, the way it all works is so wasteful! Everything is pre-made. You pick out food from the refrigerator or behind the counter and they then reheat your hot food, or toss the salad in the the dressing it comes with, or just plate the side you ordered. Everything in the refrigerator is packaged in plastic and then gets plated for you. WHY PACKAGE SOMETHING IN PLASTIC JUST TO SERVE IT ON A PLATE? The waste makes me so upset that I knocked down two stars just for that. I've never seen anything so absurd.
Once again a big Thank You Yelp and Yelpers for without you eating would be mundane!!!

Talulas is just a short walk from the Tourist area of Independence Hall / Mall into the area where Thomas Jefferson University is located. Be adventurous your tastebuds will be rewarded! 

As you enter, you think rustic coffee shop and bakery,  but then as you look around, it's a wine and cheese shop,  a lunch bistro, and add a secret supper club 6 night a week. Farm to table goodness, with a visual menu that changes daily. House made bake goods. Four beers on tap (growlers avail),  a cooler filled with wine. Cheeses galore. OMG... It's food heaven here.

Several tables for 2 and 4, and then the community table seating 10 in front where the chefs prepare their delectable offerings.

This is an awesome find for that traveling foodie or anyone who wants to get away from the touristy cheese steak offerings that abound throughout the city.

Our blueberry scone, egg bacon & cheese sandwich, and veggie frittata were amazing. Add a bottomless coffee and small chai latte, all for under $16. Our hotel wanted $17/person ($34 +tax) for a crappy breakfast buffet.
We were happy to stop here while playing in the park with our kids.  The food is fresh and the decor is charming farmhouse-esque! I has a really relaxing vibe and I was happy to unwind after chasing our littles around all morning.

 There is a nice coffee bar in the front of the market littered with baked pastries. I loved ordering a nice cup of tea that was delivered in a oversized ceramice mug!  There is a lot of simple and delicious bites, from salads, sandwiches to cheese selections in the cases. They did have a limited selection of hot items that you could order from the kitchen. It's a mainly serve yourself cafe spot. I noticed some students on the side working vigariously on their laptops, so I assume there is some wifi available.
My new favorite place to get work done! Talulas's garden is one of the best dinners in the city in my opinion, so it's no surprise that the market/cafe lives up to the same reputation. Talula's daily has everything you want in a cafe: cute and cozy decor, good amount of seating, yummy food, free wifi, and most importantly, coffee. 

There are a few tables that seat 2 or 4 plus a larger family style table where many people opt to study or do work. There are also a few outdoor tables for warmer days. A variety of salads and sandwiches are pre-made that you can pick up and pay for. There's also a counter with other options that change frequently, like hot sandwiches and frittatas, as well as cheese plates (look for the free samples!) I've tried a grilled cheese as well as the superfood salad- both were delicious. Next time, I plan to try the beet and goat cheese salad. They will give you nice ceramic bowls to put the salad in if you eat there. Check in on yelp to get a free cookie which are large and soft. Prices are extremely reasonable, around 8-10 dollars on average for lunch. 

Tip: get a regular coffee and stay a while.. You can refill as often as you want. Yes please!
Decided to study here during a beautiful spring afternoon and it was such a great atmosphere! There were some people solo working, some people having lunch, some people working together. It felt like such a diverse place that really served everyone's needs. Not too loud and not too busy. I also really liked working at their communal table! Not a ton of outlets, but there were a few here and there. Free-wifi. 

Their "small" for-here matcha latte was actually quite big and delicious! I even saw that they prepared it with an actual matcha whisk, so I know it was prepared well! Got a free chocolate chip walnut cookie with my check-in and it was yuuummmmyy :) Such a nice snack! Heard from my friend recently that they have unlimited coffee refills...not sure if it's still true or not, but I'll definitely be back to verify :)
I ordered a Cafe Au Lait. I knew I was in trouble when the barista came around from the counter and put milk from one of the to go thermoses in my cup with coffee. I basically got a cup of coffee. 3 stars because this is La Colombe coffee. Otherwise,  I could have just gone to Wawa. Here's the recipe for au lait, talula 
 Ingredients
1 part hot strong coffee (French roast)
1 part steamed milk
Got the pear and (provolone?) grilled cheese, which was quite good.  However, I have to give 3 stars because when you walk in, while the décor is nice, it is really confusing to figure out where to go. There's a counter immediately when you enter, but that's just for coffee and pastries. Go up the stairs on your right and there's another counter where you order food. But wait, where's the menu? There isn't one - you need to browse the pre-made salads and sandwiches in the fridge nearby, or the fresher sandwiches, pastas, and salads right next to the register. Me and my lunch group found ourselves walking in circles trying to figure out all there was to order. When we did finally order and pay, there wasn't any real way for them to know what table to deliver the food to once they warmed it up. While I received my food right away, others got their food from a seemingly confused kitchen staff member, who was looking around the room hoping for someone to recognize their food and call him over. And on top of that, some received pickles with their sandwich, and others didn't, despite it being identical orders.

BONUS: Check-in here on Yelp and get a free cookie! They are REALLY good.

So in summary - yummy food, but a poor experience actually getting it.
This was only my first visit to Talula's Daily (sadly) but I loved my experience and I can't wait to come back and check out something new.

I opted for the prepared & packaged section - and chose the Mediterranean Veggie Salad, which was packed with lettuce, tabbouleh, chickpeas, feta, black olives, tomatoes, etc. It was light and refreshing and incredibly flavorful.

Pro-tip: check in on Yelp and get a free cookie (obviously delicious).
Really cool spot in the city. I love their market. You can come in here for quick coffee and pastry, or get some really well curated grocery shopping done. 

Beyond their market, they have an amazing & high-end selection of cheeses/meats. Would highly recommend getting a cheese board from here. 

You can also sit to get dinner. When we last went (pre-Covid), it was a fixed $55 menu that changes monthly (similar theme to Talula's Garden.)  Even with the fixed menu, they can accommodate dietary restrictions. Food was super fresh w/ lots of flavor.

Their seating is cool too, no matter where you are, you get a glimpse into the kitchen.
Talula's Daily is a great grab and go spot! I've tried the peach and farro salad, chicken salad sandwich and iced coffee, all great. Service is friendly and the bathroom is nice.
Odd customer service experience. Asked for a glass of $5 lemonade only half filled with ice and was told I would be charged more because it was a double portion. I'm a regular customer and explained that had never happened in the past. Was told doesn't matter we're still charging you. Wow, a regular customer lost over 1/2 a cup of ice! Cold.
Loved this place.  I've been to both Talula's table and Talula's garden.  It is clear they are replicating the experience at Talula's table at this restaurant.  I love the cozy intimacy and laidback atmosphere at this restaurant.  They easily accommodated my pescatarian diet.  Menu was French themed, I honestly wasn't overly thrilled looking at the menu but the food was delicious.  Wine selection was great.  I also did the drink pairing which was great but a lot of alcohol!  For 2 people we paid $250 with tip so it wasn't cheap.  That would be my one complaint.  Would recommend highly for those that live in Philly.
I was really excited to see Talulu's had opened a bakery and cafe.  I love Talula's Garden just next door - one of my fave restaurants in the city.  

However, my first visit - for breakfast - didn't go amazingly well. Lovely croissant and tea, but the service was lacking somewhat.  They just didn't seem terribly organized or on-the-ball and a number of the breakfast options were reheated rater than being made fresh.

But I have to say that Talula's really stepped up for my second visit.  We decided to give the place another try and went to the Secret Supper Club.  

It's an evening seasonal set menu for $50 per head.  While that's pretty pricey (once you add on tax and tip), the food really lived up to the price tag.  It was excellent, from the lamb meatballs with haloumi to the mouthwatering curried Maine scallops.  The salad with mushrooms, Brussels sprouts and bacon was knockout. 

Each dish was put together with creativity and flair, without sacrificing the individual flavors of the quality local ingredients.  There was so much food, we had to carry out our desserts and cheese plate.

The service was very attentive; the staff thought of everything, including adding some biscotti and bakery treats to our takeout bag.  It was pretty quiet when we went, but they still managed to create a lovely ambience.  With such excellent food, I was surprised it wasn't packed.  

I'd really recommend checking this place out.  We had a delicious evening and would definitely go back.
i think its a bit hypocritical to pride yourselves on healthy, wholesome, heirloom farm fresh food, but cook it all in blended soybean oil.  gross.  if you ever change your cooking oil to a non soy,  non gmo oil, let me know, id be happy to return.
I have always thought that Washington Square should have more eateries and/or coffee places nearby.  It is such a lovely residential park and the antithesis to Rittenhouse's bustling energetic vibe, here it is calm, quiet, airier and a perfect place where you can sit, read and sip coffee.

You now can do that with ease with Talula's Daily nearby.  Adjacent to Talula's garden is the Talula's Table export to Philly, much like the Kennett Square original, this gorgeous airy shop, is a casual cafe (interior decorations darling and delicate - very Terrain) where you can get delicious coffee, cheese and eats.  As Moses W. states, it is very confusing inside, as there is regular seating where one orders food, but there is also a cheese bar, and a grab and go coffee bar when you enter.  There should be better directives on how the whole thing works (especially when it's crowded) but the staff will work out their kinks soon enough. (I hope)

The baked goods are, as expected, amazing and their coffee dark, strong and tasty.  Great place for when you want to grab something and enjoy it in the park on a beautiful day, or to grab a quick midday bite with friends.  Can't wait to attend the dinners they plan to hold out in the park - What an experience that would be! Will be sure to report back!
The coffee is good but the prepared food is meh. The egg mayo wrap tasted gross and metallic it went straight into the trash. 4 stars for the coffee though. Lol. Oh, and plenty of seating!
I was lucky enough to be taken here for a birthday dinner and it was just a wonderful experience.  Each course was better than the next and I was still full when I woke up the following morning.  I dinned here in November 2013, same as Mr. Le Ban, so for a much more articulate review, google his review, which I could not agree with more (yes, even the part about the pricey wine list, but whatever)  The entire staff was wonderful - so much so that I wrote them a thank you note!

You know, as I write this I am almost contemplating not posting it for purely selfish reasons, but word travels fast anyway....
I stopped in for a Saturday lunch....ok, honestly, just a cheese board, but a cheese board really can be breakfast, lunch, apps, OR dinner when done correctly.  And I can say if you're going to do a cheese board meal anywhere, THIS is a great place to go.  Coffees, pastries, to-go foods, and a little cheese shop, all snuggled into one darling shop, with a seating area that has I'd say 7-8 tables including one big community table that seats 10-12.  

Our cheesemonger selected 4 lovely cheeses and paired them with accompaniments such as cranberry mustard, fig jam, and local honey.  Tasty slices of baguette and some fancy crackers were just the right thickness to allow proper stacking of cheese, meat, jam, etc without being too bready.  Add a glass of crisp Sauvignon Blanc, and that's about the best lunch a girl could ask for.
Serendipity? Stumbled upon this place by accident... Well, kinda, sorta, ish. After being totally underwhelmed by the South St "block party" and severely parched; I decided to do a quick Yelp search for an outdoor restaurant. Talula's popped up, and it was only a  7 min walk.

Ambiance: Walked in from the beautiful outdoor space, then made my way to the host, who greeted us with a huge smile. There was no available outdoor tables without a reservation, so we sat at the bar. 
The bar wasn't terrible big; it seats about 10-12. The ambiance is rustic Chic, lots of light from the glass "storefront". 

Service: Amazing! Bartender was so charming and attentive. Top-notch service. Didn't get dinner just an app; the tuna crudo and it was very good and fresh. We got some complimentary "brioche and chees?" thingy; so good!!!

Cons: a little pricey for Philly and the drinks could have been stronger. 

I'm totally coming back for dinner next time!
The interesting juxtaposition of the grand and homey that defines the retail space also characterizes the food offerings.  From a well-edited selection of cheeses to nicely-composed take-away salads to warm chocolate chip cookies, you are unlikely to go terribly wrong here.
Great food but a bit heavy. Always a nice staff. Go there quite often and just wish they offered more for breakfast other than sweets. Since they've opened they have been serving this real heavy egg sandwich that is way too much for breakfast. Very greasy mouth feel too. 
Be nice if they had a simple egg white and cheese English muffin or even a small bagel style sandwich. 
Also need to change up their tuna sandwich sandwich - way too much dill flavor that over powers everything else. The white bread on all their sandwiches feels stale and sometimes soggy 
Other than that food is really great
I'm already a big fan of Talula's Garden, and the original Kennett Square location, so when they announced that Talula's Daily was opening on Washington Square I was excited to check them out! The space is great, nice and large, with the coffee bar right at the front with most of the baked goods, and then the cheese/deli counters on a split-level that opens up to seating for patrons. They have a reasonable selection of prepared foods, and more that you can order freshly prepared, and everything seems to be really reasonably priced. They had a sampling of a salmon mousse dip with crackers, which was delicious (didn't pick up, but coming back to buy soon!).

I ended up getting a number of treats to try out with my sweetie over the weekend, in addition to some very, very necessary iced coffee for $3 that was tasty and refreshing :

Vanilla Bean Panacotta: Creamy, silky smooth panacotta had a light vanilla flavor, and the balsamic strawberries on top were sweet and fresh, and together the flavors were delicious
Salted Caramel Bar: Delicious! A scrumptious, salty-sweet, perfect caramel flavor, but it was very oozy because of the humidity that day. The crust was a thin, buttery, and delicious butter cookie. A very sweet and rather rich treat
Mud Cookie: This cookie was quite large for its intense flavor. The dark chocolate batter was filled with large semi-sweet chocolate disks and toasted walnut pieces. It was moist, chewy, dense, and ideal for chocoholics
Tiramisu: It came layered in a To Go plastic cup, and was a delicious example of the classic tiramisu flavors, with mini chocolate covered crisp balls on top for an added crunch
Chocolate Nut Truffles: The crunchy chocolate outer layer enclosed a creamy dark chocolate ganache filling, and was rolled in crushed nuts. Yum!
Chocolate Chip Cookie: A classic example with crisp edges, a chewy center, and large semi-sweet chocolate disks. My fiance is a cookie fiend, and he said this was one of the best he's had.
Blueberry Cornmeal Bar: This bar was very thin, but made up for its size in quality. It was moist with the lovely, naturally sweet flavors of fresh blueberries
Carrot Cake Square: This was really delicious, and a classic, moist, lightly spiced carrot cake with finely ground nuts and a thin layer of cream cheese frosting on top. The tart sweet flavor of the frosting was great, and the perfect ratio to cake, a real crowd pleasing carrot cake
Ultimate Brownie: Large, fudgy semi-sweet chocolate brownie that lived up to its name. It was moist and a bit dense, with (I think) macadamia nuts, chocolate chunks, and a white chocolate drizzle on top. I can't remember if there was another nut, but it was very yummy, satisfying, and filling
I may have been disappointed by our dinner here because of all of the hype about this place.  We called ahead to get the vegetarian dinner. Nothing was memorable or worth the expensive bill. 

 I appreciated the vibe here, though. The table next to us was drunk, loud,  and rambunctious and no one was complaining. Not stuffy at all!!  I wish the food was better because I'd love to have a reliable special occasion place.
Last night was my second month in a row checking out their secret supper club. The second time was even more amazing than the first. They have a prix fixe menu for $55 that includes a local cheese sampling and dessert. This month's feature was a pork tenderloin that could melt in your mouth. Everything was fresh, tasty and presented very well. Prix fixe can often leave me wanting in a particular course - but Talula's Daily does an incredible job of making the entire meal work together. And the cheeses and dessert (BTW - pistachio ice cream) were perfect for the rest of the meal.  And I would be remiss if I didn't mention the octopus and bay scallop ceviche to start....all I can say is WOW. Nice job - and can't wait to see the next menu release. I will be back...
++++
- Awesome Berkshire bacon (not sweet tho, in case you were wondering)
- And the bacon is only a dollar per slice
- Awesome zucchini bread with nuts
- Awesome cheese that hey let you take multiple samples of
- Awesome green tea latte (get the one on the side, they add something to it but I forgot...I think it's called the Americano)

-
- Packed even at 10:00am on a Monday
I had the coffee and the Greek salad w/ chicken added to it. Beat choice ever! The huge blocks of feta and chicken were so yummy and the red wine vinaigrette was perfect with the olives as the romaine and peppery arugula, so yum! My entire meal was around $14, which was reasonable considering your in CC having lunch. Also, I'm GF and the staff were super nice and very accommodating. Would I come back? YES YES YES for lunch and next time to get cheese and chartchuries.
I come here for the coffee and cookies, and they are delicious. I've had both their brewed coffee and their cappuccino, and I really like both. When you check in on Yelp, you get a free cookie, so I've tried the chocolate chip and the mudslide. Both are good, but they are so rich. It's almost hard to finish the cookies, but I always power through. There is a decent amount of seating, and I have come here to study for a couple hours in the past without be hassled about staying too long. The staff here are also very friendly, and they'll bring your coffee and treats to you if you like.
I stopped in for some lunch the other day. Talula's is lovely.

The atmosphere here is very intimate and laid back. The decor was beautiful. There's a very laid back rustic feel to Talula's Daily. People were here on there laptops studying, and some had there kids with them. It was such a nice relaxed place to grab a healthy lunch.

When ordering lunch there are refrigerated items such as salads and sandwiches and behind the counter by the cashier there are items that they can heat up for you and bring out to you. After paying you are free to sit where ever you choose.

I picked up the power salad which consisted of greens such as cabbage, and kale, blueberries, almonds,quinoa and a pomegranate dressing. It was a healthy satisfying lunch on a hot 97 degree day.

I felt at peace eating my salad and not being rushed to leave. I would love to come back for dinner sometime or even lunch again if I am in the area.
Wonderful new place with outside seating with an excellent view of Washington Square Park. Both a cafe and a food shop including a cheese bar with a nice selection of local and imported cheeses. A number of ready made items, salads and sandwiches to take out. They also have a small but well thought out beer selection tow on draft and several in bottles. The small wine selection looks a bit pricy but they serve the wine in very nice glasses. Outstanding baked goods, bread, pastries and very large cookies. Nice to have a place for a quick quality lunch.
After hearing so much about Talula's Secret Supper Club, my friend and I decided to try it out for dinner. I can say that it was one of the best food experiences I've had in Philadelphia.

Food: We had the May tasting menu. My friend had the regular one and I had the vegetarian version of the same one. You could tell that the ingredients were fresh and just cooked. A special shoutout to their handmade pasta which is so delicious. I've never been one to be able to tell the difference between fresh/homemade pasta and regular but Talula's taught me otherwise! Their drink menu is also quite unique. I ordered an organic rose which was a nice complement to the dishes that came our way. We also got a parting gift in the form of some delicious toffee brittle :)

Service and Ambience: Both were great! All of the decor and dinnerware is either supplied or inspired by Anthropologie, which gives it a cool feel. The plates especially help with the overall presentation of the food.

If you're in the mood for a new dining experience (and don't mind spending a bit to do so), definitely check out Talula's Secret Supper Club!
Thank you Aimee and Starr for finally giving the neighborhood a healthy, convenient, and adorable place for breakfast and lunch! 
I am so excited about this new spot - which is right across the park from my office - I have been here at least twice a week since it opened. 
The food is fresh and delicious, from the salads and sandwiches to the pastries, and the "look" is best described as "Anthropologie comes to life"
The communal tables are the cherry on the pie, as  they create a very warm and friendly environment. Just today I started chit chatting with total strangers while enjoying my farro and beans salad, and made new friends by the time I finished lunch! 
Great spot! I am a huge fan!
I've been consistently underwhelmed by Talula's Daily. It's the kind of place that's very much up my alley, and yet every time I go there I come away wishing I had gone somewhere else. I've never been to the tasting, just for lunch/cafe. Once I had a broccoli cheese soup that was quite yummy, but there weren't really clear options for a side to go with it. I ended up getting a grain salad, but the meal ended up costing more than $15, which is pretty outrageous for meatless soup and salad, none of whose ingredients cost much at all. Another time I popped in intending to get a matcha latte and an afternoon snack. They were out of matcha, and their only tea options are those non-eco-friendly plastic silk bags from Two Leaves and a Bud, so I just got a hazelnut blondie. I should have known from the plastic wrapping that it wasn't going to be great, but I had expectations, and they were not met. There was a hint of hazelnut, but mostly it just tasted blah and a little stale. If someone else were paying for my food, I might come here once in a while, since there are some tasty options. But as it is, I never feel like I get my money's worth, so I'll be directing my dollars elsewhere.
Like a WaWa for real food.  Not the hugest selection but excellent prepared samdwiches/meals and baked goods.
Lord, I've been back here several times now, but I thought I'd mention a few other items that I've tried since my first review: 

Gluten free caramel cupcake: the cake was light and moist, the frosting was very buttery and swirled with a caramel sauce that was salty-sweet. I dislike very buttery frostings, but this was pretty good - and for a gluten free cupcake, it was great!
Their scones are delicious!!! Moist but crunchy, and if you bring them home you might pop them in the oven to really bring out their flavors. The blueberry scone and the apple with cinnamon sugar on top are my favorite two.
Vegan tomato soup: wow this was delicious, creamy to the point that I wondered if it really was vegan (j/k), and very flavorful - one of the best tomato soups I've had!
Cod cakes with tartar sauce: moist and about the size of a fist with large chunks of fish, although my husband had one that had chunks of potato that were too large and he was a bit disappointed. Good tartar sauce, too.
This was my go-to coffee shop when I lived in the area. Their coffee is great and the rotating variety of scones, muffins, and other baked stuff is great. I especially loved their zucchini bread and the breakfast sandwiches. They also have a lunch food section and a whole fridge of to-go stuff. There's a few outdoor tables and large inside tables to sit at if you wanna work or hang out while eating.
I don't have many vices.  The ones that I do have run pretty deep though and Talula's Daily combines at least 2 of them. Anthropologie and coffee.  

This place is fricking adorable.  I mean, it is outfitted in Anthro so why wouldn't it be?  But Talula's doesn't just rely on being pretty - they also have some tasty good stuff inside.  I sampled the chocolate chip cookie, which was perfectly chewy.  I also thoroughly enjoyed an iced chai latte to mix things up.  

I don't find myself in this part of town too often, but maybe I should.
Food was decent, but it took us 40+ minutes to get our car from the valet (while we were waiting in the freezing cold). You guys need to figure out a better system - this really leaves a bad taste in your mouth no matter how good the meal.
This review is for the Secret Supper Club.  My wife and visited on a Sunday evening in June, and it was one of the best meals we've had in Philly.  The service was top notch, the beverage pairings went well with each of the 4 courses (there's no pairing for the dessert course), and the casual refined ambiance was very enjoyable.  The food itself was fantastic.  Each dish had complex layers of flavor that were well balanced and delightful, without being too heavy or heavy-handed.  It was almost a perfect meal.

I think the meal experience might differ based on the month (we chose to go in June because each of the 5 courses sounded good), but as long as most of the dishes sound intriguing to you, I heartily recommend that you give it a try.  It seems expensive, but I think that you actually get the quality you pay for.
Their cheese board was absolutely fantastic. They make some delicious fresh sandwiches. We had a tomato and bacon sandwich which was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend people to try it out.
We decided on Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club for our last Saturday evening dinner in Philly. We have always wanted to try Talula's Table and love Talula's Garden, so we decided that this would be a special treat. While the meal was very good, it wasn't great. I don't think I'd rush back. Our server was nice, but a bit odd and awkward. He also seemed to forget about us at the beginning - it took longer than we are used to to get water, and then he didn't come back for quite a bit to take our drink orders. The food itself was very good, but the only dish that blew us away was the 4th course (swordfish with grilled peaches and swordfish belly - aka swordfish bacon). We enjoyed a bottle of white wine with our meal. Our bill for two + a bottle of wine was $200. There was also a bachelorette party there when we were there and it made for a loud, slightly obnoxious experience. I didn't find the food or experience any better than restaurants at a slightly lower price point. Maybe we would have felt differently if we didn't spend much of our meal annoyed at our server.
We loved the food on the April menu. Standouts were ricotta and bread (best ricotta ever eaten in my life- period), morel ravioli which was tangy and delish, fried greens and fiddleheads were also good as was the chicken. The mint ice cream dessert was again, the best mint ice cream we had ever tasted. 

Cons of the place are that the wine and coffee are overpriced - 5 dollars for regular coffee?! 13 dollars for a small glass of pretty standard wine?!
I'm taking one star away for being overpriced with drinks.
The staff is also super sweet here as is the decor.

All in all, I actually had a better experience than I did with my first time at Talulas garden. 

So glad I found this place!!
Great service, great food and great ambiance. 

If you are cheese lover, Tulula's Daily has a cheesemonger who will set you up with an amazing array of treats picked based on your pallet. That alone was worth it for me.
Good place for a simple light meal.  We came here for lunch as a party of 5 and one baby in stroller. There was enough tables to accommodate us and environment is casual so easy to bring the baby.  We ordered food to be heated and picked out salad and sandwiches from the frig section. Enough selection to satisfy everyone and food was good. Also really enjoyed the desserts, carrot cake and cookies.  Yum!
Very few options for vegetarians or folks who just like healthy vegetable choices.
Actually it's a little shocking that an upscale place like this would not be more accommodating to the way health-conscious people like to eat.
Foodies choice is definitely right! Service spotty, but when you get their attention they are very nice & accommodating. I think they are just getting their groove as it is 8 weeks old. As a foodie, I'd give it a must visit rating & would definitely come back next trip to the city.
The scones here are amazing. Especially the blueberry ones. They tend to sell out early, so grab one if you can! The coffee is good, with a variety of drinks that change seasonally so there's generally something new to try. Free wifi, nice decor. Also, I enjoyed their ham and Brie sandwich, and their warm sandwiches of the day. All in all, a great little cafe.
"It all starts with the bread," my wife always says, and Talula's started out with a bang, not a whimper - the  bread was warm and moist like a donut and very very good. The Hitchhiker - a Mojito with Pear - was really nice, they have a nice wine list.

We ate at the bar - 3 appetizers and a few sides. The grits were our favorite - light, a little sweet - great. The Duck Duo was very good, and for dessert we have the donuts, which were filed with ricotta cheese. Those were the 3 standouts. We also had the frisée salad, cucumber side, and one of the pasta dishes. These were all good, but not outstanding. 

The service at the bar was perfect. Knowledgable, helpful, and times everything perfectly. 

Talula's is definitely a place to go in Philly!
I'm not too used to places that offer small plates, but don't let the appearance fool you! The food can actually fill you up a bit, all of which are very delicious! The outdoor area is also a great place to eat, with great garden decor. The staff are all very helpful and nice. This place can get pretty busy, we even saw the the bar was extremely full. But it was during happy hour times ( I think?) and pretty much dinner time on a weekend. There's two separate areas of Talula's, so it's best to ask the people in the front which one you should enter! I got confused at first and asked a valet person.
What a cute gem in Washington Square! Such a great place to meet a friend for a casual bite. I highly recommend the quiche, big enough to share! There can be a wait, but if you go during a non busy hour it's the perfect casual setting.
The staff was condescending not good for a daily, the choice of food was limited. I ordered a risotto and some dessert. The risotto was too creamy not al dente enough and not salted. Not worth the price I paid for.
Wow.  The variety and quality of Talula's bakery, delicatessen, and grocery is astounding.  The establishment offers a quaint, refreshing ambience along beautiful Washington Square park.  A wonderful destination for breakfast, lunch, or treats in between.  

A check-in here gets you a free cookie, so you have no excuse not to stop by.  My choice indulgence was mudslide: chocolate batter, chocolate chunks, and walnuts.  It is a brownie in cookie form.  I gave my friends tastes of it when I got home, and they walked there today for their own.

The salads in the to-go case are divine, featuring tempeh, edamame, chunks of delicious white chicken, quinoa, and more.  Mushroom mac-and-cheese and other good dairy treats.  Lots of gourmet groceries, well-suited for gifts.
Really warm and inviting spot to grab some coffee and something sweet.  The Charleston (sated caramel latte) was pretty good but I was secretly wishing for some fun art with the foam...no such luck.  The oatmeal raisin cookie was good and not overly sweet or buttery.
Lovely ambiance: big, bright and cozy. The quality of the food is the best I can imagine. The coffee is great too. Loved it!!
I am ... in Love.  Philly Love...that's what they call it?

This is the perfect cafe that has outside seating, without the hustle and bustle of cars driving by and wafting dust in your face.  You actually look into the park, rather than another old building.  This cafe serves a variety of organic coffees, wine (their house boxed...yes boxed..wine..is fantastic!), cheeses, snacks, deli options and even a dinner setting.  

If I had to choose to work remotely, I would choose this little knook.  Outside seating at Taluluas or indoors on their cocktail tables.  

Must tries:
Iced Coffee
Cappuccino
Cheese Board 
Salami
Deli options 
Cookie (free from yelp checkin!)
House white wine
I hear you can order cocktails from Talula's garden, but I'm so happy w/ the offerings here.  

The service is great and don't forget the coffee punch card!  Just the absolute perfect setting and likely more affordable pricing than Talula's Garden.
I don't get the hype.  It's confusing, overpriced, however CLEAN!  The location is ideal.  I believe it's another 'emperor's new clothes' syndrome place.
Let's put price aside for a moment... Talula's table is a great addition--and lunch option--in Wash West. The good: the prepared foods, like Mac-n-cheese and roast pork sammie, to pre-packaged sandwiches, salads, dips are delish, there are lots of great options, and it's adorable. The bad: lines can be long, this is often a place for ladies who lunch and ill-mannered children, and it's not very big so if it's nice head across the street to Washington square instead. The ugly: prices are pretty outrageous for what it is. $12 for Mac-n-cheese, $9 for a half a pork sandwich, and cheeses are very high-priced. But I guess if I don't want to pay so much I don't have to go there. Hence 4 stars... Overall is a great local lunch and take out spot with high quality food, bacon ($1 a piece - enjoy while in line), mushroom 'crack'  dip to die for, and beer for all.
Made reservations for the supper club on fourth if July weekend with a friend and can say that this was the best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia. Every one of the five courses was inventive and perfectly cooked. The flower lot bread baked right into a clay flower pot was surprisingly one of the best things about it! I also loved the meaty swordfish kabobs with peach salsa. Not to mention the market was decorated in full anthropology decor and was so cute! We walked out very full and could not stop talking about how amazing the whole experience was. Giving it 5 stars because food, service and atmosphere were all perfect- definitely check it out!
