Hole in the wall Mexican/Honduran spot nestled on the corner of 7th and Federal. Haven't encountered a bad experience yet as I've dined in and ordered take-out numerous times. The portions are huge and worthy. Enjoyed their tacos, tamales, and Bisteak Asada. Surprisingly, I never knew I would like grilled cactus. Love their Horchata! Good service and overall solid food.
The wife and I were looking for a place we hadn't tried yet in a recent trip to this area. The Yelp reviews brought us here.  

I personally love Central American style cuisine. I also love Mexican. So does the wife. So this was a natural fit. 

Now, the only mistake we made was trying to sample several things. We decided to get our own plate of tacos each, mine chicken, hers chorizo. We also wanted to split some pupusas, empanadas, and plantains. 

We should have known something was up when we ordered pineapple juice, and it came to us in a big drum of a cup. It was smooth and tasty too. 

The tacos came out first, and we traded one to each other. Boy, they are packed with all sorts of flavor. That chorizo was dancing in my mouth. 

Then everything else came out, and we soon realized we were in too deep. The plate of empanadas was a mountain with three huge ones and a mound of salad on top. The plate of plantains were enough for three. And the pupusas were the size of a large stack of pancakes. 

We finished the tacos, but we knew most of this was coming home with us. But we sampled everything before we boxed it up. 

Between the pupusas and the empanadas alone, this experience may rival anything we've had at Tierra Columbiana, which I consider to be the standard bearer for this cuisine in Philly.

It was a tremendous experience, which we enjoyed for dinner the following day too. 
Even my two year old son couldn't get enough of the leftovers. He devoured the plantains. 

It was a heavy meal though. I'm not sure I could eat like this too often. My wife did not enjoy sleeping with me that night. 

But this place is a hidden gem in South Philly. I am willing to give it my highest recommendation.
I have been searching for Honduran food since I went to Tegus 2 years ago and HALLELUJAH this is the place. I brought my very trusting boyfriend with me, and I ordered a bunch of things in Spanglish so he was pretty confused, but I've been promising that Honduran food is really good for awhile and have really been talking up baleadas. 

Everyone goes crazy about pupusas but I say baleadas are where it's really at. This is the only place in Philly or anywhere around here that has them as far as I can tell, and they are so perfect it's insane. Soft tortilla, refried beans, scrambled egg, mantequilla, and avocado???? It's just TOO GOOD. I ordered baleadas (comes in an order of 3), maduros (plantains), pupusas, and mar y tierra and everything was delicious. I'm not even a big pork person but the pork in the mar y tierra was very good, not dry at all. It was a veritable feast. We stuffed ourselves and had a lot leftover to take home. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it all, but the baleadas are by far the favorite, and we're both pleased that it looks like this place delivers. Brilliant. I'm pumped. 

We got fresas con crema for dessert and that was perfect too, very good and simple, especially since we were so full (but not full enough to turn down dessert). The whole thing was very affordable, and the service was fairly fast even though they were packed. I will definitely come back.
I've been going to this restaurant almost everyday since I discovered it last week.

Tamelex offers authentic Mexican and Honduran food with great prices. I've tried their tacos al pastor, enchiladas with mole sauce, empanadas, flor de calavaza quesadillas, sweet plantains, pupusas, cactus salad, tamales and their horchata!!! All of these dishes have been delicious and extremely satisfying to eat. I can't wait to try their tres leches cake!

Their ambiance is very casual but has a colorful flair with their mural. To use credit card they have a $12 minimum.
As a Mexican, I can tell you that  this place is as good  as it gets! It's almost impossible to have real authentic food outside the original countries, especially a country like México that has such diverse and ingredients found only there. 

This place does a wonderful job at getting you so clouse to Mexico's taste of home cooked food as well as street food, from south to north. Beware... portions are HUGE so order carefully and go with a BIG apetite. 
I went there with a group of friends and had a lot of fun, as well as a lot of food. The fruit waters are amazing and like a mentioned: HUGE. Jamaica, melon,  watermelon and rice water. Pork(carnitas) in a huarache, and is as big as your dish, topped with Cotija dried cheese and grilled cactus ($8.00). Delicious " gordita de tinga " braised  adobo chicken with onion, tomato and spices with melted cheasee, all in this lightly pan fried gordita (a very thick tortilla) with lettuce, sour cream and tomato salsa($4.00)  Tacos: beef, pork in adobe, pork carnitas, suadero and many more. We also tried the Pozole ($14.00) and the baby pork ribs in mole served with rice and beans. 

If you are Mexican, latin American or simply an adventurer eater, this is a must option in Philly.
Sometimes they don't answer the phone.
Sometimes they forget the tortillas.
I don't care.
Best food of any Philly restaurant .
I eat their enchiladas verde, 3-4 times a week.  My butt hole wishes I was exaggerating.  By far my favorite spot in the city.
This place is the shiz. 

Best El Salvadorian food I've had since I've gotten to Philly, and I've explored a whole bunch of Mexican/Honduran/El Salvadorian places all over Philly. It's so good that I've been back 3 times in the past 3 weeks, and this place isn't exactly close to my Grad Hospital abode. 

Have started with my old standbys: burritos, tacos, etc, etc. Ginormous, flavorful, though the burritos for me are not quite up to par of Veracruzana/Los Gallos. Wanting to break out of the usual, I've since gone for the baleadas (refried beans, cheese, avocado, egg), plantains w/ sour cream and cheese (best I've had since I left my favorite Cuban restaurant in Boston behind), pupusas (usually pork and cheese filling). Enchiladas are great as well. 

Will report back once I try their stews that look amazing. 

Everything is cheap and delicious. Diggin' the awesome decor on the walls and the general neighborhood joint atmosphere. Soccer on the TV, Fanta in the fridge. What more could you ask for?
We come here exclusively for their tamales and they never disappoint (except when they run out)! The tamales are large and steamed to perfection before pickup. The mole and the verde fillings are both amazing and ample. We love pouring their salsa on top for that extra kick.
A great small place located in South Philly that serves reasonable Mexican food. My supervisor raved about this place and my co workers and I decided to come to Tamalex restaurant for some good ole lunch.

We all arrived at Tamalex on a hot Sunny day, we were greeted by our friendly waiter who took all of our orders. I decided to get the chorizo tacos and fries, while my co workers decided to get the chicken burrito. I was also encouraged to try the horchata drink  which was very delicious. The drink was huge and my supervisor informed to me that it consist of sesame seeds, rice, vanilla cinnamon and other spices, I personally thought the drink taste like the milk from my favorite cinnamon toast crunch cereal. When my chorizo tacos came out they were spicy and also delicious and my fries were crispy and crunchy.

Overall a small restaurant that consist of a friendly staff and affordable food, everything I believe was like 12.00 and under. Parking is so so if you drive around for a while, you'll probably find a good parking space. I'll definitely return if I'm in the mood for good quality Mexican food!
Soooooo stoked to have this spot in walking distance. Everything here tastes so fresh and the portions are immense. I was feeling ambitious when I went here with a friend last week, so I ordered the bean pupusas (a rare find here in Philly) AND a veggie burrito. My friend got vegan tacos. I've gotta say, their vegetarian items are spot on. Even my gargantuan appetite was no match for two helpings of homemade chips and salsa, a burrito the size of my face, and a hefty helping of pupusas. I was not expecting to get such a large plate of pupusas! They could arguably be a main course even though I was picturing them in my head as appetizers. I wasn't mad about it though. Who doesn't love leftovers for lunch the next day?

The ingredients taste surprisingly fresh. If you love mushrooms, you will freak out when you eat their veggie tacos or burritos, because the mushrooms in both are plentiful and delicious. The pupusas had a great presentation, served with slaw and a unique dipping sauce. 

Our waitress was nice and attentive with refilling our waters. Even though there was a slight language barrier, she was able to understand my friend's vegan specifications perfectly. 

It's the kind of awesome little spot that makes me so happy that I live in the neighborhood.
Don't think of it as a Mexican restaurant or a Honduran restaurant.  Think of Tamalex as a space-time portal linking South Philly to Mesoamerica.  

They may take dollars and give you an English menu, but this is not your sanitized, mariachi inspired menu.  Behind the swinging kitchen doors I am sure there are the Mayan souls that fled El Volcán de Loma Caldera those 1500 years ago, leaving their elotes, frijol, chiles, and ayote by the hearth.  They have wandered, yearning to cook again, to serve the meals that were so suddenly interrupted...

Here, they have rekindled their fires.  Their hands conjure tortillas, huaraches, tamales, and pupusas.  The last, a generous grilled disk of corn masa, perfectly hiding cheese and pork, frijol, and loroco.  A secret waiting to be opened and enjoyed!
This place continues to be excellent! Just wanted to provide an update in light of COVID. There is no indoor or outdoor seating available, it is takeout only. You must call to place an order - they are not on any of the online ordering platforms. Sometimes the phone is busy, but just keep calling. They still accept credit cards for orders over $15, which you can pay for when you walk up to the door. However, they've made the process a little easier by posting their Venmo QR code. You may pay via Venmo when you walk up to the door, if you wish. This is one of my all-time favorite places, I hope we can help keep them afloat!
Great authentic hispanic food! I loved the sopes al pastor with green cilantro sauce. Waitresses were so friendly and wanted to make sure I enjoyed my meal! If youre in south philly and want the real deal mexican/honduran food and not some over priced and over the top fusion mexican knockoffs then you must come check them out!
The review is for the tamales which is available in the morning on weekends. I called at 10 in the morning for pickup and they are piping hot. The cornmeal is so smooth, not too skimpy on the fillings, pretty good flavor. The size is pretty big. Perfect for breakfast. Not spicy.
Simply the best. Honduran and Mexican food at its absolute finest. I have both dined in here several times as well as ordered take-out and delivery. The food has always been consistently fresh and delicious every single time. The owners and staff are very sweet people and their restaurant is very clean. The portion sizes are extremely generous and oftentimes keep me fed the entire week, especially for the low prices. Such a treat to have Tamalex in the neighborhood.
Unassuming little corner Mexican/El Salvadorian spot. Best pupusas I've ever had (make you sure you eat it with the provided slaw and sauce). The quesadilla was different than most people are used to, but great! Also delicious: gordita and the Mexican bread sandwich. 

BYOB and super friendly staff. Most of the menu is fried, but that's the charm, right?
Beware of the "gringo tax" i'm sorry but the first time I went here I had a very pleasant experience despite finding a hair in my food. I thought that I had finally found a place in South Philadelphia that was legitimate clean and worth frequenting. This time I wouldn't exact same thing as I got last time which was chicken tinga nachos 6.99 on menu. Finally got my bill and the waitress charge me $10 for them I said look at the menu. She then told me to that I got a large however their menu showed no designation between sizes. She did one of changing the price but she also gave me the you know for next time now. No unfortunately I won't know next time that I don't visit your restaurant. Food here's okay it's not anywhere near the better Mexican food you can get in Camden or in Trenton. Tamalex has now gone from a priority choice to a maybe return to. Poor customer service, waited really long , and the end in the issue with the price adjustment which was wrong for my food and my friends was enough to make me reassess my previous review.
Came here for last minute tacos on my way home. There were about 5-6 groups ahead of us waiting for pickup orders but the orders come out quick. 

Ordered 1 set of beef tongue tacos and 1 set of al pastor tacos. Each order comes with 3 tacos accompanied with limes, radish, cucumber, green onions, and both green and red hot sauce.

The beef tongue tacos came with 2 large slices of beef each. These required a bit more chew than I am used to be with beef tongue but they were nicely seasoned. I was sad to see no pineapples on the al pastor tacos but the meat was nicely seasoned. The taco shells for the al pastor were a bit hard and dry although there were no problems with the beef tongue set. 

The red sauce was the spicer of the two by just a tiny bit and had a strong tomato flavor but I would not consider either of these two sauces spicy.
Best guacamole, only papusas I know of, home made tortillas. Everything very good! Stop trying to make me write longer reviews.
We had a cemita for takeout. Since we'd never had one before we asked for suggestions and they said to have the breaded chicken - that would have been our last choice but we figured why not. It was delicious! The sandwich was huge and we happily split it. There was some smokey flavors and fresh avocado and the white cheese.... I wish I could eat more of it but I was so full! We'll be back again!
Stopped in for lunch one Summer day - seemed like a bustling spot for construction workers, families from the area either grabbing to go or hanging out for a bit.  Sparse interior and Mexican music videos (large women singing, taking bubble baths) playing on the TV.

Went for the pupusas combo and it was fine - three huge guys and the flavor of these won't blow you away but was a nice texture.  Almost like a crisped up meat pancake I guess.  Worth a try.  Must say it took like 20-25 minutes for them to come out.  It was busy but not THAT busy.  

Also had a horchata which was of course delicioso but freakin' HUGE.  Like literally a bucket.  You know those plastic cups you see in professional kitchens cooks keep sauces in/drink from when it's ungodly hot in there?  Yeah, those.  So good on ya if you're into these kind of portions.  Found the whole thing a bit expensive (~$13 total) to be honest but also that I couldn't finish the pupusas or drink in one sitting so spun it into two meals.  Maybe bring a few of your amigos if you go and do this place family style.
Easily the best guacamole I have ever had anywhere, and it's not even on the menu.  Everything I have had is beyond words and everyone who I have taken there has been a little unsure of the place as they walked in but have been in love with the place after the meal.  Menu is mostly in Spanish but the staff is more than happy to explaining anything.
When my go-to spot for pupusas shut down, I was in desperate need of a new spot to get my fix. This place is it. And more. 

The pupusas were delicious--and the size of pancakes. The carnitas tacos were awesome, with juicy fatty pork--a meal all on its own. I assumed the empanadas were going to be typical snack size portions but they were huge, as well, and smothered in sauce, lettuce and cheese. The fresh juices are the bomb, too (one order is probably enough for two or three people).

If you're smart, you'll go in a big group so you can order everything on the menu. And expect to take home doggie bags for at least two or three meals!
El Gallo Pinto and its Nicaraguan delicacies had been on my mind. It was over 2 years ago that I visited the spot on 7th and Federal and learned the scoop, a Mexican grocery store with Mexican and Nicaraguan food served out the back. It seems that soon after my visit, ownership changed and instead of Nicaraguan and Mexican food, they now do Honduran and Mexican food and call themselves Tamalex. The signage outside still reflects the old name. As Honduras and Nicaragua are neighbors, and the layout looked unchanged, I was optimistic I would still enjoy the impending meal.

I loved the giant cup of fresh watermelon juice at El Gallo Pinto, and was happy I could get it again.  A pleasant upgrade, Tamalex bestowed a bowl of tortilla chips with a spicy, creamy avocado guacamole-salsa dip. Steven Starr would charge $8 for this.
 

On the Honduran side of the menu, you will find pupusas. This is a big deal, because they are not easy to find in Philly. The only other place I have seen them so far is at El Sabroso in Upper Darby. For $7 I got 3 very large pupusas revueltas-stuffed with pork, beans, cheese. Spicy cabbage slaw and a red sauce came with it. An order of these guys alone is a great lunch. I'll admit El Sabroso's are slightly better, probably because they are cooked in more oil.
 
Tamalex introduced me to the pambazo- a Mexican sandwich made with Mexican white bread of the same name. Mine was a hefty handful; red sauce soaked bread with chorizo and potato, cheese, and lettuce. I had the option of adding another layer of meat,  to which I added steak, naturally.  Quite a grande sandwich for $7. The chorizo-potato mush that made up the bottom layer was my favorite part; the steak was only so-so. Things got pretty sloppy as the bread degraded, a fork was necessary.

For pictures of food and menu: http://midtownlunch.com/philadelphia/2013/09/12/find-pupusas-at-tamalex/#more-9076
Sometimes inconstant because they're so busy bu so what. 
How anyone could give this joint less than 5 stars is beyond me.
Try the pozole which is available weekends.
Explore the Hondourian menu.
L O V E IT! Best authentic Mexican food around. Always fresh and lots of options. My favorite is the tacos al pastor.
I was in the Italian Market area of Philadelphia and got a sudden craving of tamales. I Yelped a few places  and  found great reviews here. Definitely not disappointed!

I was running low on time so I ordered a few. The person who tended to me explained that their menu is a mix of Hondurian and Mexican cuisine, but they only had Hondurian tamales. I wasn't familiar with them, and he explained the difference. I decided to give them a shot and placed a take out order. Once I got home, I opened them up and they were still warm (tamales were very well wrapped in several layers of aluminum foil and a takeout box). I opened one up and saw it was very soft (not good, not bad, I thought. It was very flavorful and  soft. Sometimes tamales turn out too dry, but this one was the opposite. There was a very generous portion of chicken inside too! Very satisfied!

I would like to revisit and eat there next time! As I walked in and out of the establishment I saw soups, steak, and tacos that all looked delicious (and again, generous portions).
Neighborhood gem! Large portions, decent prices, and quality food. Literally can't ask for more in Mexican food. 

I came in and ordered take out. The wait was around 10 minutes, so not bad at all. We got an order of nachos,enchiladas, and pork tacos (3 tacos for $9 I think, such a deal!). All three items were delicious! The meats had a good marinate. The green and red sauce paired very well with the different items. Definitely a place to try if you're in the neighborhood.
Best Mexican food I've had in philly. Best prices. That enchilada dish is just  for $10. It's hard to not eat here every day. Really.
This place is amazing. The food was fantastic, and I loved how spicy the sauces were. They definitely didn't hold back on the heat. 

I knew this place was authentic because I saw a lot of locals just by one sitting. 

Do yourself a favor and go here as soon as possible. It's awesome.
Great spot for authentic Mexican...The staff were so nice...giving us great recommendations for a wonderful lunch...
Taco platter, with nepales...so great...
Homemade fruit juices...We picked cantaloupe, and it was fabulous...
Guacamole was outstanding...
Been back twice so far!!
The food is really good, Authentic and delicious!  the menu has a huge variety of options. The service is very good.
they are number one in south philly.
only other contenders may be los gallos and SP Barbacoa.
so many other greats in south philly.
but they are the best.
This place is quickly becoming a favorite! This is a great mom and pop place with amazing food and great service. The menu has a huge variety of options - it's almost overwhelming! 

The food is a mixture of Mexican and Honduran, so you are sure to find classic burritos and tacos as well as a variety of other lesser-known yet authentic dishes. After spending a summer in Honduras, this is the first place I was able to find some of the same dishes I fell in love with while I was there. 

All the food is amazing, so I encourage you to step outside your comfort zone and try something new! Keep in mind that it is a $15 minimum to use credit card.
I'm not normally a fan of Mexican food, but Tamalex, you have sold me.  I originally found the restaurant while searching for Honduran food on Yelp.  You should call ahead if you have a big group - we had a group of 8 and they let us know that they'd be ready to accommodate us in an hour because they were hosting a party.  True to their word, they were ready to seat us when we arrived.  

The complimentary tortilla chips were freshly fried and delicious, served with two types of salsa.  We ordered baleadas, pupusas revueltas, 2 types of burritos and tacos (steak and al pastor), sopes, and enchiladas.  The pupusas and burritos were AMAZING.  This was my friends' first time trying pupusas and they loved them.  The baleadas were good and simple, but didn't pack as much of a punch as the pupusas did.  (One thing I noticed is that they were not made with the same salty cheese that we had in San Pedro Sula.)  I personally didn't like the sopes or enchiladas as much - the sopes base was slightly dry and the enchiladas were nothing special - they were still good, but the highlights were definitely the pupusas and burritos.  

The best part?  We ordered 8 dishes, and the total came to $62 (including tax but not tip).  AMAZING.  We are definitely coming back again soon!


One thing to note - the burritos were made in a different style than El Jarocho and other similar Mexican places in Philly.  I like it better, but they are not directly comparable.
Best burrito ever! 

I tried to come here once but parking is always impossible in this area. We decided to park our car at a Chinese supermarket on Washington street and I'm so glad we did. The food here is absolutely incredible and the staff is so friendly. This is gonna be my go to place for Mexican food going forward.
Every single thing I've ordered here has been incredible, and the service is great!  Fresh tortilla chips still hot, served with salsa or guacamole, quesadillas, pupuzas, Honduran fried chicken, tacos, and other platters all make it so tough to decide between returning to an old favorite or further making my way around the menu.  Looking forward to trying the fresh fruit juices soon!
My boyfriend and I get takeout from here multiple times a week.  It is right around the corner so it is convenient for the post gym, post work "hangries" (hungry /angry) when I need food right away and I need something that I know is easy and is going to be good.  I would probably still order from them if I moved across the city, because the food is that good.  Our go to staple are the Tortas Milanese, which is the best Mexican food that I never knew about until recently.  Breaded chicken cutlet, mayo, pickled jalapenos, cheese, refried beans, avocado on a Mexican version of a Kaiser roll. Perfection.  I have started eating these as my go to Mexican food, but theirs is the best.  Also good are their sopes and enchiladas.

The guys that work there are really nice and when I am without my Spanish speaking boyfriend they have been able to accommodate me in both English and my attempts to order in my slightly imperfect Spanish.
I found this place while searching for Honduran food, I read the reviews and we decided to try it out! I really loved the Honduran plate- tajadas con pollo. We got an order of Baliadas but they were not handmade tortillas, but they were great ( just that would off been able to make them at home.) my husband got a chicken soup and he loved it! Everything was really good! The tajadas were a nice size and you will never be thirsty here bc they serve drink in a big container( which I loved!!) I had a really great lunch with my family, ( I would just suggest fans or an AC because it was super hot!!) 
We will definitely be back here!!
Said I was craving burritos so my boyfriend brought me here and I was very pleased. I did get a burrito, and my only complaint was that there were mushrooms in it, other than that it was perfect. It isn't their fault that I didn't know about this so I'm not even mad. I started off with fresh squeezed watermelon juice since the waiter offered it and I thought that sounded awesome, and it was! For appetizers we got the guacamole and the cheese pot. The guacamole was fresh and exactly what guacamole should be. The cheese pot wasn't what I was expected but was really yummy. It was just really good melted cheese in a bowl, but it was just great quality and so simple. Boyfriend got the steak burrito and loved it, I got the vegetarian, and my only complaint were he mushrooms, I just don't like them it general. Otherwise a wonderful night out!
Everyone knows bones are flavor, that's why we COOK with them. But, we don't serve them in most things. I asked about bones in the soup, because I've been served Mexican soups with lots of bones in them before. They told me I'd get all breast. I did, but with bones. Then, to my dismay, I bit into a big chunk of bone in a tamale, hurting my tooth. Apparently this style of tamale gets bones because two out of three had them. I imagine that's traditional, but people want to enjoy their food without being on the lookout for bones constantly.
So since the Mexican spot down the street from my house changed ownership, we've been looking for a new one (I will sorely miss you, Vero's) and I think Tamalex might be just the replacement. 
The food is very good. I took the recommendation from one of the other reviews and ordered the puputas. They were excellent. Came out nice and piping hot. My son had an al pastor burrito. That thing was humongous. It was about as big as my two fists put together. I also really liked the salsa verde (I think) that they served with the tortilla chips. I only wish the chips were made fresh not cold. 
The only thing amiss slightly would be the service. We didn't get any water. The waiter wasn't very attentive. We felt a little bit out of place being the only non Spanish speakers in the restaurant.
My wife and I order from this place two or three times a month due to it's proximity to our house (right around the corner). I think the aspect I like most is the ability to order both Mexican and Salvadoran food from the same spot (seriously, get the al pastor torta and pork & cheese papusas at the same time, you won't regret it). 

The only reason they don't get the full five stars is because the food's not always ready when I go to pick it up and am required to wait an extra five to ten minutes while a creepy dude who's always there I like to refer to as "the happy cowboy" stares at me (someone else has to have seen this guy besides me?).  

Bottom line, check it out and you'll have a great lazy night spot to add to your rotation of takeout spots!
This is the best Central American place in the neighborhood.  The tamales hondureñas and torta de milanesa de pollo are fabulous.  I also like the homemade chips that they provide with very unique green and red hot sauces.  The prices here are also super reasonable.
This place has a nice painting along the wall. We came on Valentine's Day weekend and it's decorated with Valentine's Day balloons.

The waitress who took our order is very friendly but she screwed up our orders. I ordered Tamalex salad but never came out. My mother in law order cheese quesadilla but got chicken quesadilla. The cactus salad was salty. My husband ordered a dish with enchilada, rice, retried beans, sliced beef. The refried bean wasn't flavorful and the beef lacked flavor and salty.

Pupusas is served in 3. Great cornmeal with a lot of fillings. I ordered pork. Again, it's on the salty side, but it's not dry.

The only dish we enjoyed was the maduros. It's not mushy or overly charred. The sweetness made it very addicting.

The complimentary chips are a little bit thick but fresh
This place is our go-to Mexican restaurant. We've eaten in the restaurant and have ordered take out many times. Since I first reviewed it we discovered that the guacamole is made to order and we can get it without jalapenos for my husband, who can't eat spicy food. The chips, which are exceptional, are made by the restaurant.

We highly recommend this place.
After seeing all of the positive reviews, we thought this would be a great place for some Mexican food. Coming from Southern California, our standards are high and sometimes it's difficult to find good Mexican food here. Sadly, this place didn't measure up. Although it seemed like a cool neighborhood hole-in-the-wall, we were clearly outsiders and treated as so. The waitress wasn't friendly, our orders came out at different times, and the food wasn't very tasty. The rice was plain and flavorless, the beans were watery, flavorless, and seemed old and reheated (Maybe from a can?). The price was reasonable, but I can't say we'll be back. The hunt continues for good Mexican food!
I just been there today because someone recommended  this place. The food was great fresh and tasty I'm from Mexico and this is the first time I taste 100% mexican food  in Philadelphia...I'm just  disappointed with the service..  the waitress is a nice person but she gave me different service just to being Spanish, I saw that every single table got a full service because they are white people except us
I have the say the food is top notch, this has been my go to place for burritos. The only negative I have to give this place is the customer service. When I came in to order food, the staff just stared and didn't approach me for quite some time. That'll make you feel awkward!
Not bad! I had pupusa with cheese and pork. They sell them in threes but I had a feeling I would barely make it through 2 - I was right.  She allowed me to purchase just two which was good. Those things are huge- bigger than other places I have been. Nicely filled. You get a good bite of the pork and cheese through out majority of it which is what I like. My friend had fajitas and it was also a big portion. The place is a nice size. Seating and ordering was pretty quick. The lady was very nice. My only issue was they didn't tell us they dont split checks nor do they have a mac machine. Thank goodness for cash app. I think that is something that should be mentioned early on as there were three of us there. I would still recommend the place and go back.
Mexican foodies=come here. It's a total dive but authentic as could be. Verde sauce is off the chain. Their food is SPICY which I am ALL ABOUT. So don't come in here with your bland tastebuds. Leave them at the door. Ariba!
Tamalex has such a huge option of Mexican and Honduran foods. I've had the pupusas mixta, bean and cheese pupusas, and sopes and they were delicious. The servings are big and are priced really well. I'll definitely be back. I'm only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because we had a really long wait, but honestly the food was delicious and made up for the wait.
I was really looking forward to the pupusas alas they were a bit disappointing. Kind of bland. Their refried beans could use more flavor. Awesome quesadilla was the high point. 
I love Chipotle but my mouth knows the difference between polite gringo  flavors and the real deal. I was hoping for more of the real deal. Like any local spot you go because the community is well represented there "authentic" dining experience. I'll be back to give it another shot.
Delicious!!!! The stake tacos, chorizo tacos, Tripitaka and pastor tacos are sooo good! Also, it's open on New Years!
This is my new go to no frill Mexican restaurant. I found this restaurant after reading a philly.com article and I was not disappointed. I originally went to try the tamales but got side tracked so I will be back. The enchilada with rojo sauce was delicious and large, coming with enchiladas rice beans and cheese. The pico de Gallo is fresh and flavorful. The chips are perfect. There is nothing fancy about this restaurant, but the food is delicious. I will surely be eating my way through the menu at Tamalex.
Tamalex was INCREDIBLE. I went with a group of six other people and we ordered a variety of different dishes -- torta de jamon, torta de carnitas, quesadilla de bistec, nachos, pupusas, tacos, and pozole. The flavors were all amazing as was the service. I'm sad I'm not local because I would be here all the time if I was.
Very good place! My and my wife went on a Monday at 6pm and they got very busy at 6:30pm. It didn't matter because the service was fast, fresh, and reasonably priced! Will definitely come again! And the waitress was great too!
Everything we have ordered here has been amazing and their portion sizes are huge. So good that we ordered 3 weeks in a row! Their tinga on anything is delicious (quesadilla, gordita, etc). Al pastor tacos are also super flavorful. Best of all, they have pupusas! I also tried their baleanda, and it's essentially a breakfast taco but much larger. Their salsas are fantastic too.
My go to Mexican. Consistent quality. Many tasty options. But the chicken enchiladas with green sauce is delicious! Everyone loves it!  Great customer service. I always order directly from the restaurant.
Fair prices, generous portions, nice service. Loved the Huitlacoche Quesadillas and Quesadillas de Flor (squash flower). Are you walking around Washington Ave and feeling hungry? Good place to echarte un taco and keep on moving!
Authentic and delicious! I'm from LA and I haven't had authentic tacos ever since I moved to Philly. But wow I got some al pastor tacos and they hit the spot. Also got a melon agua fresca. This place reminds me of home and the prices are pretty fair too. $12 for 3 tacos and an agua fresca. Definitely will be returning!
This place is the SPOT. Everything is fresh and awesome, homemade. Authentic and awesome regional Mexican specialties. Honduran plates and classics. Corn fungus quesadillas and bitter cemitas. Huaraches are best in town. Byob. DO IT.
My boyfriend and I have been to this place twice now. The service is consistently good. Food comes out relatively quickly. They have yummy fresh drinks like tamarind or papaya. It's a pretty homey, family oriented place. Now to the food: I ordered the chicken enchiladas last time and they were pretty good, solid 4 out of 5. The second time I ordered the crispy tacos, and that was more like a 3.5 out of 5, but more so because it felt more like an appetizer to me. The crispy tacos were rolled up and fried, whereas I was expecting more like a fried flour tortilla that was nice and crispy and fluffy but an open taco. My boyfriends steak tacos however were pretty damn good. Overall We really like this place and will continue to eat here  The menu is pretty extensive so I plan on trying more things!
Tamalex is listed under "Mexican" here on Yelp, despite it technically being a Honduran restaurant. 

Yes it's true; they do tacos and burritos (my current favorite burrito in the city, actually) but they also do traditional Honduran cuisine.  

For something a little different, try the "huarache": a thick corn tortilla with salsa, refried beans, peppers, onions, cactus paddle, Oaxaca cheese, and chicken (if you like).  

They also make some of the best fried chicken that I've had outside of Speck's (in Collegeville, PA).

They also offer a selection of fresh juices by the quart! Pineapple, watermelon, strawberry, hibiscus, and cantaloupe are the most common flavors that I've seen.  I think they're about $3 each, which is SO worth it, especially on a hot day.

It's not fancy and their English can be a bit dicey, depending on who's working, but the food is more than worth a little effort to overcome the language barrier.
This is one of my favorite places to eat. Everything is great. Personal favorites are the Honduran tacos and any pupusa. Great tamales as well. I could eat there every day.
excellent food with solid prices.  The food was fresh and everything tasted delicious.  I would order from here again.
My wife had planned a night of sampling several taco joints. This place was excellent. We had the aL Pastore tacos and an order of pupalas. Both great. Make it a stop on your taco tour.
I love this place. The staff are so sweet and the food is really good! The taco's are excellent really  fresh and not greasy.
I've never had Honduran food before this place... not bad. Cactus is part of the menu. Tasty.
Went here again this weekend (place still gets 5 stars!!) but just as an update - for those wanting Tamales the waitress recommended going in the morning on Saturdays and ordering them... they usually sell out by 10am!!

It sounds annoying, but once you go to this place you can't blame them. It's so genuine and authentic (feels like someone is cooking out their personal kitchen in a way) that it only adds to the appeal that they're selling out of things.
This place is absolutely delicious and service is fantastic. Went with a large group (15 people) and the waiters were on top of everything. Each person was more than pleased with what they ordered. 

We for horchata (rice milk with cinnamon and sugar) for the table to sip on while waiting for food. Very sweet. Almost a dessert drink. It was tasty. 

The chips and salsa are great. The chips look homemade and are served warm. Salsa is flavorful and spicy but the horchata cools it down ;-)

For my entree I got the huerchete al pastor which was a corn tortilla stuffed with refried beans. On top was cotija cheese, shredded pork, peppers and onions. Absolutely huge for $8. I tried and tried but could not finish. I wanted to keep eating because it was literally one of the best Mexican dishes I have ever had. 

The Maduras (sweet plantains) are also delicious. Well cooked and served with a sweet cheese sauce. 

Yum. Can't wait to go back!
This place lives up to the reviews! I tried the beef enchiladas with red sauce and it had great flavor with the perfect amount of spice. The portion was pretty large too - you get 4 enchiladas, rice, & refried beans (which I typically hate but MY GOD these were the beans of God himself). My boyfriend opted for a burrito - I forget what the name of it was but it had Chorizo & some other sausage in it. He said it was the "best burrito he has had in awhile" (and the man eats a lot of burritos...) Chips & homemade salsa came free to the table, and the decor was lowkey and quaint. The menu overall was pretty authentic, much of it in Spanish with little to no translations. Service was quick, even though the restaurant was pretty packed. Will be back!
