An updated review and extra star is definitely in order after my second dining experience at Tamarind! I was disappointed with the food and service the first time, but it definitely showed improvement when I returned.

This time, I ordered the Angry Salmon and thoroughly enjoyed it. After making a mistake with the spice level the first time, I opted for a three this time and was much happier. I actually didn't taste much spice at all this time, but the dish was so flavorful in itself that I was very pleased with it. The salmon was cooked well and the vegetables were delicious. The entree was of a big portion, so I took about a third of it home with me. Unfortunately, it didn't reheat well at all, but in my opinion, that's pretty common with salmon.

My party of three also ordered Steamed Dumplings and Spring Rolls for appetizers and although they didn't blow me away, I was content with them.

Service was wonderful and our waitress was very nice and friendly. She was prompt in taking our orders and brought us our food in a timely fashion. She also checked in on us periodically which we really appreciated!

Happy to bump this review up and I wouldn't hesitate to return again if my friends suggest it.
Stopped in for a late lunch.  The restaurant is a clean intimate place. We started off with the spring rolls wrapped in rice paper. They tasted delicious especially matched with the peanut sauce. I then opted for the shrimp pad Thai which was everything I wanted when I order pad Thai. My sister got the green curry with chicken which was served with white rice. She loved her dish so much. It was a great combination of sweet and spicy flavors. Will be back to try more!
This place deserves 4 stars. I never knew I liked Thai so much and this is definitely a restaurant I'm adding to my must visit again list. 

1. It's BYOB. No corkage fee. Clutch.

2. It's on South Street, in the quieter section, which is perfect because you won't be disturbed by noisy streetgoers and it's the perfect location if you want to hang out afterwards on South Street or walk a bit to Olde City.

3. The service is good. Some of the waiter/resses aren't too proficient in English, but they'll quickly call someone over who can answer your questions. 

4. It's perfect for either an intimate date, getting sauced with friends, or enjoying some family time. It's a small out of the way place in a fantastic location. It's pretty reasonably priced and the decor is cute.

5. There are so many different food options! A really good selection for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. 

6. Good for kids. There are plenty of choices for the young and old. 

7. Did I mention it's BYOB? Getting sauced for cheap before heading out to South Street is key for the broke wo/man's budget.

8. The food is delicious!!!! My friend got the Crispy Angel for appetizer and it was really good. The dipping sauce it comes with is hit or missing depending on your taste preferences, but I really enjoyed it. I got the Thai Salad for app. I enjoy the peanutty dressing and it was a good salad. It's a really good size and you can easily share if you want. For dinner I got the Roasted Duck with Vegetables. We were worried because duck can either be done well or terribly, but my plate was scrumptious. The vegetables were steamed to perfection and paired with a really tasty sauce. The plate was large and I couldn't stop eating, even after I was full. Duck is the way to go! My friend got the Radna. He wasn't impressed, but I didn't think it was too bad. I also only tasted the noodles and not the shrimp. He said the shrimp was too fishy, which I can understand can be a turnoff. 

Overall definitely a 4 star experience in my opinion. We went on a Friday night and there were only 2 other tables filled when we got there at 6:45. It started filling up as we ate, but no one was ever waiting for a table. We had reservations but we didn't need them. Maybe we its later in the evening. Very solid place to eat some good Thai.
My girlfriend and I, who both love Thai food, decided to check this place out for dinner on a Thursday night. After having read some pretty solid reviews, I couldn't help but be surprised when we left disappointed and unsatisfied with our experience. The food was underwhelming and the service was really... bizarre for a lack of better words. :(

We were both really overwhelmed when we first started browsing through the menu. They have SO many options, it was nearly impossible to make a decision. After much pondering we each decided to get the Tom Yum soup (I got chicken, she got shrimp) and the Satay Sampler to share. 

Let me start with the soup - I knew after just the first couple spoonfuls that I wasn't a fan. We both normally love Tom Yum soup which is why that was the easiest decision for us to make. I felt like the soup was extremely oily with really no flavor. In prior experiences, I've always thought Tom Yum has a little kick to it but this one did not at all. I also felt like there were way too many mushrooms. Such a disappointment. :(

The Satay Sampler we ordered came with 2 chicken, 2 beef, and 2 shrimp satays with a small bowl of pickled vegetables (carrots and cucumbers) and peanut sauce. While there was nothing specifically wrong with the satay, there was certainly nothing to rave about either. The meat was cooked well, but with no taste at all. The peanut sauce was just your average peanut sauce. Nothing special about that. 

For our entrees, my friend and I both ordered the Green Curry with chicken. Their spice level ranges from 1-7 (I've never seem higher than 5 before?!) so  I got the 5. WHAT A MISTAKE. It was WAY too spicy for me! I don't blame this on the restaurant at all, it was just a poor decision on my part. I'd like to think I can handle spicy food pretty well, but I definitely should have gone with a 4 or maybe even a 3 at Tamarind. My friend can definitely handle very spicy food, but she also felt like a 5 here was a bit much. Just something to keep in mind when making your decision. 

Spice aside, the entree was about average. Although it was flavorful and had a decent amount of chicken, the vegetables weren't anything special. Didn't taste quite fresh. 

As far as service goes, I was content with the pace at which our food was brought out. What I found rather strange was that we would have to ask them to remove our plates between dishes. When we were done our appetizers, out empty plates were left at the table while they tried to make room for our entrees. We actually had to request and suggest that they take away our empty, dirty plates to make room. This happened between our soup and appetizer and again between our appetizer and entree. It wasn't very eye appealing to have empty, dirty dishes on our table between orders, not to mention we had practically no room on the table!

Overall, Tamarind didn't really impress me. Let my search for the best Thai restaurant in Philly continue...
I love Thai food so much... I mean that I'm obsessed more than a little. That perfect balance of hot-sour-salty-sweet...the herbaceousness, the pungency, the little blasts of hot fresh chiles. Thai basil. It all does somethin for the ole gal, I tell you. I love it. I have pestered other peoples' Thai friends for recipes. I love Thai food. 

As further testament to our general sloth at times, we kinda rely on Tamarind for our Thai food fix and mostly because it's close to our house. Through some trial and error we've determined what dishes will do the trick. The food is good, OK, but never quite great. 

And now here's the part where I pompously inform you, one and all,  how I've been so spoiled by some really great Thai food in my time... "in other cities and burbs," I remark while gazing wistfully into the distance. It's really true though...

Spoiled, so when my tom yum gai is kinda weak and in need of more lemongrass, or my penang is kinda watery...or it's all just kinda oomph-less... well, my heart just kinda sinks ever so sadly.

Here's what cranky ol me LIKES about Tamarind:

-If you like hot and spicy foods (and I do, and I do) you can count on Tamarind to hook it up. They offer "spicyfications" from 0-7. I order top heat and that's what I get. I like when people believe in my spiciness! I always order extra hot or "Thai hot," and at some restaurants it takes a return visit or two for the servers to really believe you. At Tamarind if you order 7 heat and nod emphatically, "Yes, 7," they'll believe you.

- Dig the Thai sausage appetizer.

- Pad Kee Mao or drunken noodle always hits the spot. Consistently. I always ask for some prik nam pla on the side ( fish sauce with thai bird chiles) just for added spikes of salt and heat.

-B.Y.O.B. is always good gravy. Bringing my own cold Singhas make me happy...anywhere, really. 

Singhas, ah yes, they also remind me of a song. And if you don't mind, I'll just eh... ahem, "Finally found a place they could never reach... Sippin Singha Beer on Pattaya Beach... Singha beer, don't ask no questions! Singha beeeeer don't tell no lies..."

If you're in the neighborhood with a hankerin for Thai and are happening to be carrying booze on your person, well, Tamarind is worth a try.
Why Tamarind?

I'm going to let my good friend tell it as a reviewer in spirit... not word for word, but all based on true events.

"Check out the ambiance in this place man! What movie is this music from?" Ocean's 12. "Yeah man, this is some fly music. It really fits. You never steer us wrong when picking the spot." (see: hear: "Crepuscolo Sul Mare")

"I'm loving the look of this menu. (coming from someone who eats only seafood or vegetarian)" I'm the opposite (carnivore allergic to seafood), but I felt the exact same way.

"Can you say that again? I zoned out while trying to figure out the story in this painting. Did you see it?" Nope, I'm looking at that one.

"You said it smells like sharp provolone, but it tastes like Pho without the broth? What did you order again?" I got the Yum Beef. It's like BAAOOW give me your lunch money! I know you don't eat beef, but I'll let you try the vegetables. "Yeah man, those are some nice looking leaves there."

When the server asked him if the Angry Soup made him angry, he replied "I was so angry I destroyed it."

We could say more (and we ate more), but I'll leave it here. I rarely dine/chat for 3 hours. That's how comfortable I was here... how low key it was... how pleasant our waitresses were. The food was good, but I'm more so caught up on the experience. Tamarind made a great first impression on us. I'm just grateful to have expanded my horizon in this way. It was my first try at Thai.

PRO-TIP: Drinking game. Every time someone in your party takes a spice-related cough... take a sip.
A Thai Staple in the city. The curries are legit  ( not as good as Circles) but pretty close. Came here a few weeks back with Michael G, we dined in and each did a dish with noodles. It wasnt bad but it wasnt that great either ( hence the 3 stars) I should have stuck with a curry but you have to live and learn. Its less than a 3 minute walk from my apt so Ill obvi be going here unless KP wants to order take out from Circles. Service was good and this place is small so dont come with 15 of your closest pals. BYOB and they take cards ( 10 min which is illegal but thats the rule)
I had heard good things about Tamarind and threw it on my list of places to check out.  Mind you, I heard good things but wasn't told it was a 'must try' or to prioritize my visit.  Well, either Tamarind seriously up'd their game or my friends and fellow yelpers undersold them.  Regardless, I regret not getting here sooner and will be back.

You've probably already read that it is a BYO.  Clutch for a date night.

Their offerings are pretty typical for Thai.  However, they do offer a few dishes I had trouble finding elsewhere in Philadelphia.  They also have a lot of Vegetarian options - I'm a meat eater but realize not everyone fits in that mold.

We started by splitting a bowl of Vegetarian Tom Yum.  They were nice enough to bring it out in two bowls both of which were decent portions.  I mentioned I'm a meat eater but was very impressed with this soup.  Ok, not give up meat impressed, but impressed enough to make sure I finished every drop without going as far as licking the bowl (which I did consider).  

For our mains, we shared Shrimp Pad Thai and Filet of Salmon Chu Chee.  There are plenty of places in the city to get Pad Thai, but that doesn't mean you don't have to try Tamarinds.  Solid dish of good portion and plenty of shrimp.  However, the true highlight was the Chu Chee.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the balance offered by the rest of the dish really accented it well.  If you at all like Salmon, it is my clear number one recommendation.

As for the rest, good service and nice atmosphere.  We came for dinner on a Sunday and didn't have to wait too long.  While the restaurant was busy our server provided plenty of attention.  Finally, once the bill arrived there was no sticker shock nor a feeling of not receiving value.
Just A-OK as a 3 implies. I'd come back only out of convenience because I live nearby but not because the food is spectacular. Hmm... this is the third Thai restaurant I've tried in Philly and unfortunately, it's just not like home! 

The good: BYOB. Decor is cute. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Also, dishes were decent priced at around $10-15 per entree and $3-8 for appetizers. They have spiciness levels from 1 - 7. Stick with around 2 or 3 if you're scared and ask them to bring you extra chile. 

The OK: The Pad Thai was not bad. It had everything Pad Thai should have but something seemed missing. The noodles also tasted a little undercooked. The mussels were decent but I don't think worth the price (it came out to a dollar/mussel).

The bad: One of my things to judge a Thai restaurant is to get Panang Curry because it's my favorite. First off, it was very watery and needed some thickness to it. The curry sauce itself was salty and I could really taste the fish sauce for some reason (I don't even know if they add fish sauce usually).  I got this with beef and felt that the beef should've been thicker. Also, the carrots just didn't give it the right taste I was looking for. Maybe it was the size of everything. Big veggies and small meat equals a no no!  

Also, they seem to be pretty busy on a Saturday night so you may want to call in and make reservations just in case. Overall, I saw some really good entrees come out for other people so I wouldn't mind coming back and giving it another try.
Sure, there's another Thai joint just a short walk from this one, but why go anywhere else?  Dollface and I tried Tamarind for the first time last spring and since then it's become a favorite and the only Thai restaurant we go to.

The food is swell with a capital S.  The appetizers are killer diller (no, not Phyllis Diller). I can vouch for the greatness of the spring rolls, the amazing dish known as Som Tom, which is thinly sliced cabbage and carrots upon which chopped peanuts in their own little dressing are applied on top, and one other spicy little number the name of which escapes me now.  The chicken Tom Khah soup is also exceptional, with big chunks of chicken and plump, luscious mushrooms filling every bite of coconut milk-based goodness.

The main dishes are just as excellent.  I have never had better Phad Thai, period.  The Pad Woonsen with its piles of glass noodles is a close second favorite on the menu.  The curry dishes I've had are super, and their take on cashew chicken is a tremendous taste to behold.  Dollface always really enjoys the Salmon Cha-Cha-Cha special.  Last time we went in, I had a dish which came with sticky rice served in its own little container that was beyond compare.

The food can be spiced up any way you like, from none at all to a "7" on the heat meter.  Be warned, though: I'm a spicy freak and going over a "3" here can be seriously painful.  Be prepared for the full-on eyes watering, nose running experience when you venture at 3 or above.  But the good thing is, the heat doesn't take away from the flavors of the dishes, but instead complements them like it should.

The staff is always very friendly, and the manager/owner will bend over backwards for you to get your order the way you like it.  If they can do a variation of something on the menu for you, they will happily without complaint.  The only quibble I have with Tamarind is that when the manager isn't there and the dining room is being waited on by the rest of the staff, service can get a bit slower at times.  I don't know why this is, as they usually have two girls busting their asses when he isn't there, but they don't seem to be as efficient.  Yet that's a minor point and does not take anything out of my overall score.

I suggest eating in.  You can get takeout, but the food seems to taste more delicious having it there, and the portions you get dining in seem a little larger as well, but that just might be my imagination.  Even at its most packed, Tamarind always has a spot to sit down and eat.  The clientele ranges from those older, BYOB wine freaks to younger BYOB wine freaks and everyone in between.  Last time we were there, there was a drunken group of three gals talking about as loudly as possible.  The only reason I didn't complain was that one of 'em walked by on her way to the pisser and complimented my Beatles t-shirt.  God bless her.

So yeah.  Tamarind all the way up near Front Street.  One of the best dining experiences in the city.
Oh Tamarind... You are always there for me when I want a cheap date night.

This place rocks. It's seriously one of my favorite spots to grab a bite with the man or some friends.

We probably go here at least once or twice a month. You start to crave it after a while. 

The atmosphere isn't upscale but it's no diner either. Just a nice chill place to get some dinner. 

We usually start with some apps. Crispy tofu, beef satay, crispy angel are all delicious. Their peanut sauce is the best I've probably ever had. I'm constantly disappointed by other places because I'm spoiled here. I always forget to ask for extra, and I then get minor food aggression when my dining companion swipes more than I think is necessary for their bite.

I can't review too many of their entrees, because I usually can't tear myself away from the curry. And he can't tear himself away from the pad thai. Both are awesome. I'm a big baby and usually only get a level 2 (out of 7). He gets a level 4 but I think that's mainly so I can't steal any of his food.

They don't have fancy desserts, but I'll forgive that. They do have an espresso truffle (I think it's called) that's basically coffee icecream with a coffee syrup type center. I'll get that if my mouth needs some cooling of from that intese level 2 I got (I told you, I'm a baby).

The total bill here for two of us is usually around $40 after a fairly generous tip. That combined with the BYOB status makes this place super affordable.
I honest to God deeply enjoyed this place.

The service was so friendly and so accommodating. I came here with a group of twelve on a Sunday evening, which I can only imagine how much of a pain that must have been for the staff. However, our food was done so quickly, and the servers were the nicest people in the world. 

I had the Pad Kra Pow. It was something new for me, but I actually  enjoyed it. It was spicy but not too spicy. It was also just enough without being too heavy or too filling. Quite a few of my party members were vegans, and they could not have been happier with the veggie curries they got. The bowl was literally overflowing with squash, potatoes, carrots, etc. It looked pretty good. 

The only thing that stopped me from giving it five stars was the fact that they were unable to accommodate a shellfish allergy. A girl in my group got the veggie Pad Thai, but unfortunately it was cooked in the same pan as the regular Pad Thai with shrimp. She's completely fine now, but she got pretty sick afterwards. Just something to be aware of.
Ordered take out after a long day and this is just what I needed. My friends and I ordered pad Thai, pad kee Mao, and the red curry. Everything was flavorful and piping hot! I didn't expect my food to stay hot the way it did especially for take out so that was a nice surprise. 

As a Southeast Asian myself, I think the Thai food here is authentic. I'll come back again! 

Stay safe and healthy everyone
I've never been to Thailand.  I've heard people say you can't find any authentic Thai food in Philadelphia.  I'm not here to say whether or not that's true.  What I am here to say is that I enjoyed Tamarind.

Tamarind is on the part of South Street that I don't normally go to.  That section between 2nd and Front is just not a highly traveled area for me but I suspect that will change after my meal here.

We started with fried taro which was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce with it was not too sweet and hit the spot perfectly to open the meal.

I went with the vegetable panang curry and my buddy went with the spicy noodles with mock duck.  We went with spice levels 3 and 4 respectfully and each dish was just right.  I really enjoyed the curry because of its heat and its tang.  The spicy noodles with mock duck also was a nicely prepared dish that had sweetness which helped balance the heat.

Our waitress was incredibly nice and very accommodating to us.  The prices of this place are fantastic and they have a healthy vegetarian menu which to which I'm sure they could handle vegan requests.

I like Tamarind and I'm adding it to the rotation.
I've eaten at this place a few times.  Incidentally, the same things seem to hold appeal for me b/c I unknowingly ordered the same dish on both occasions, namely the isan-style grilled chicken in hopes of branching away from the usual pad thai or chicken curry dishes.  Unfortunately, the grilled chicken was dry both those times so I probably won't order that dish again though it was quite a big piece of chicken.

It's BYOB here, which I didn't know until after I arrived, but I noticed several groups that had wisely brought their beverages.  It's not the biggest space here but they had pulled tables together for a group of 10-12 people so it's definitely possible.

Would I come back?  I would, but I probably won't go out of my way to return or if I do, I'll try something different.
This review is for the pad Thai. It's very delicious. The noodles are al dente and doesn't stick together. The flavor is well balanced with some freshness of the lime. the had mine with chicken which is tender and fresh. The fried tofu really completes the the meal. Definitely recommend it
Tamarind will serve you very decent thai food.  The curry is a little bit watery for my tastes.  It has fine prices and a good location on South Street and is a BYOB which rocks.  

I had a chance to try the red curry, panang curry, and spring rolls.  All of them were fine.  Nothing really stuck out as mindblowing and I'd be willing to give them another shot if I find myself in the area hankering for thai.
My love for Tamarind runs deep. I've been coming here since high school early dismissal days. The chef is so nice. The servers are always pleasant. Everyone is so accommodating. I love everything from their soups to their noodle dishes. They can make your entree as spicy as you'd like it. I don't go over a level 4 unless I'm feeling extra adventurous that day. Don't forget the apps. The fried calamari, beef salad, and chicken satay omgggawdddd BOMB!!!
I first went to Tamarind with a group of friends and I was surprised by the reasonable prices despite being in a more touristy part of Philly. After my first pleasant experience, I decided to make a reservation for my after graduation dinner for 10 people and they were perfectly willing to accommodate us on a Thursday night. I originally made the reservation for 8:30 but ended up arriving at 7:45 and they seated us immediately. 

The menu is extremely extensive and encompasses so many different Thai dishes that you really would be hard pressed to find something that you cannot eat. My father has a strict vegetarian diet and he can't eat onions or scallions/garlic of any type and they made his food without these ingredients and were perfectly sweet about it. My mom is a super picky eater but thoroughly enjoyed the Pad Thai that she ordered and the Penang Curry that we got to share. 

I ordered the shrimp Radna with level 3 spice and it was soooo good. Honestly, I still crave it like everyday. Their Tom Yum is reasonably priced for a bowl and really delicious. The calamari comes with a sweet and sour sauce that pairs well with a lot of the appetizers they have there like the Fried Taro, and the Crispy Angel one. They're all really good and also the Thai Salad is good too, refreshing and the dressing is pretty unique. 

Tamarind is BYOB and they also will put your bottles on ice if you ask which is really nice. Tamarind is truly a pleasant experience if you want good Thai food at a reasonable price and where you can enjoy a bottle of wine with your family or on a nice date. Also don't forget to get a cup of their Thai tea, so good :)
Seems there's a big debate on here about how good this place actually is. I've never been to Thailand so I can't speak for the authenticity but my taste buds love it here.

We love spicy food. And Tamarind delivers. We love the dumplings and I would bathe in the sauce if I could. The Penang curry is one of the best I've ever had -- not too much spice but tons of flavor, richness, and complexity. We also find that the protein dishes are not just chicken or steak or pork dumped into a sauce but it tastes like they've been marinating in sauce and have their own flavors.

And this review is solely for pick up; so it's impressive that the food is this good when you pick it up and it's another 20 minutes until you get home and eat it.

It's one of our go to Thai restaurants in the city. No matter what other yelpers say...
I am a spicy food whore. There, I said it. Whenever I go to any restaurant, if it has a pepper on it I usually order it and ask for extra spicy. Most of the places I have tried in Philly were underwhelming with the spiciness so I made the mistake of asking for my Tamarind Drunken Noodles as a 7 out of 7 spiciness. Holy cow! 

I must have made it through 10 bites before I started to black out. I was looking at my date and I could see her lips moving but I either couldn't hear her or just didn't care anymore. 

The crazy part is that it still had amazing flavor! It was not just heat for the sake of being spicy. I managed to take home the rest and finish it over the next week. 

I have been there about 5 times now and you really can't go wrong. I bring a bottle of wine and get the drunken noodles and my bill comes to $10. Since I only live a few blocks away it is tough to go anywhere else.
Ordered takeout. There was one couple dining inside however the tables blocked the entrance so we could not walk any more than like 3 steps. When we called in our order, we were told that the hotness scale ran from 1 - 7. Odd... We decided on medium spicy at a 5. We were kindly advised by the person on the phone that we may want to get a 4 with extra hot sauce on the side. We obliged. I am happy to have listened to the advice! I took one bit of my curry and thought that I had bitten into a ghost pepper!! The tears! The burn!   My dish was not definitely not spiced at a 4 out of 7 in my book and I can handle a good bit of heat. OMG. The food was so spicy that I truly could not enjoy it. The calamari was good and the spring rolls were nice and crispy. My friend enjoyed the pad thai, which I used to help balance out the hot factor in my dish.
Cute menus, nice atmosphere, great loaction.  

The Chicken Tom Gah soup didn't impress the pants off me; couldn't taste the galangal or lemongrass at all.  

I split a Yum Woodsen salad with a friend, but instead of shrimp we asked for beef instead, and it was fabulous.  Fresh veggies, delicious beef, and excellent dressing.  

For entrees, we split the Tamarind Spicy Noodles with chicken (not very spicy, but I was happy that way), which was delicious.  We also split the Pad Kee Mao, which was also very flavorful and tasty, though I personally could have used a touch more basil (I loves me some Thai basil!).

I didn't order the Som Tom because the menu says it's made with cabbage instead of green papaya... and that ain't how I rolllll, yo.

I originally was gonna rate it a 3 (mostly because I was disappointed with the attempted cabbage fake-out and the meh tom kha gai), but I had a change of heart... everything else was yummy.

Rock on.
Just ordered take-out dinner about an hour ago. A simple chicken pad thai for me and a red curry for my boyfriend. Today's review will be told in dialogue form.

Me: Can you make the red curry extra spicy?
Tamarind: On a scale of one to seven, how spicy?
*pause*
Me: He says seven.
Tamarind: Are you sure? Really? That's very hot.
*pause*
Me: He says he can handle it, he's Asian.
Tamarind: Ok then...

30 minutes later and our food is amazing. Well, mine was (though I wish there was more peanut sauce). Steered clear of the curry -- for good reason, too. Dude is currently running around the house yelling about how his mouth is burning. Bravo, Tamarind. Thank you for humoring us. We'll be back.
I haven't eaten at too many thai places in philly.  In matter of fact, I have no idea where to get good Thai food in philly.  The few places I have tried have been subpar, but this place is definitely the worst I have tried.  I was thinking of giving them one star, but I wanna reserve one star reviews for places you should never even step foot into even if you were  lost and starving and the next place may be miles down the road.  I mean how could i give them 1 star.  At least their service was kinda attentive.  It's not like they told me to get lost or were talking bad things about customers in thai.

Firstly, it should be noted I am thai.  I can cook more than half the menu in my home at this very moment so I know thai food.  This place is definitely not authentic.  The food is kind of bland and too sweet.  Not many flavors going on.

Me and my buddy tried some pretty standard fare.  We had the green curry, tod mun (fish cakes), their sausage appetizer, and yum ped (duck salad).  The green curry had all these weird flavors and vegetables that I wouldn't want in my curry.  Thai green curry is simple; beef, eggplant, maybe bamboo shoots and top it off with kaffir lime leaves.  The salad was decent but wasnt spicy enough for me, even though I spoke to them in thai and asked them to make it spicy.  Maybe it wasn't spicy enough because my friend was a white dude but still I told them that he could eat spicy food.  The fish cakes and sausage were good but it's really hard to mess those up.

I've heard good things about siam lotus on spring garden. My roommate says he likes it and our opinions of tamarind are about the same so I wouldn't mind giving it a try the next time I don't feel like cooking and want thai food.
Disappointed from all the good reviews this place got. Authentic? Somewhat. This is coming from a girl who worked in a Thai restaraunt with real Thai chefs. I ordered dumplings - I got steamed Shumai with peanut bits on top. In what asian country were you told that Thai dumplings were Shumai? I also got this appetizer in triangular shapes.. I forgot the name but it literally had one piece of chicken in each one the size of my pink nail. With a sweet and sour sauce on the side. I thought for a second I was eating crab rangoons or as some of you would know it as crab wontons. Wait I thought I ordered from a Thai restaraunt? Oh right. I did. We also ordered YUM BEEF. That dish was alright, flavor was food the beef quality was poor and I think they overcooked the beef or possibly even double cooked it. It was very dry and chewy almost like a beef jerky. We ordered chicken pad Thai - again dry both noodles and chicken. My old boss loves pad Thai and he is a restaraunt owner himself and said "I like my pad Thai a bit more wet." Although I do agree. I ordered some black pepper sautéed pork dish. Blah.. Again. Tiny restaraunt for inside seating. I placed a take out order and they told me 30 minutes. Not too happy about that either. I most likely will not be here again.
In my opinion, it's hard for a place to do *everything* right. Tamarind is no exception. Their pad khee mao (I usually get it with tofu or chicken) is amazing. It is spicy, pungent, salty, sweet, sour all at the same time. It's *seriously* delicious, and I haven't found another place that does it better in Philadelphia area. Since Pad khee mao is my favorite thai dish, this place is on my regular roster.

But their other dishes aren't as great as their pad khee mao. Their crispy fish with thai chilli sauce isn't crispy enough. Their curry isn't as packed with flavors as Banana Leaf's green curry (yum)...something about their curry, the flavor isn't complex or thick enough (a bit single-profile, if you will). Their soup doesn't rival the little thai place in Reading Terminal.

So...if you're a pad khee mao fan, I would definitely recommend this place. For other things...well...I'd recommend that you find out for yourself, but my gut feeling is that you'll find better versions somewhere else.
I was really excited to come to Tamarind because of the great reviews and since Thai is currently my favorite cuisine. They were very accommodating for our party of 9 which included vegetarians and vegans. The waitress patiently explained dishes to the Thai naive and everyone found something to eat. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed with the food. The vegetable spring rolls were fine, just your standard veggie roll. I was not feeling adventurous so I went with the tried and true shrimp pad thai. I only made it 5 or 6 bites into my dish before asking for it to be wrapped. It really lacked in flavor and was totally uninspiring. Something that also bothered me was that it was served with a lemon wedge when I totally wanted (and expected!) a lime wedge. That could have salvaged the taste. Overall, we were happy that they were patient and accommodating to our loud (and tipsy) party of 9, but the food wasn't anything special.

**Update** Both myself and a friend have both experienced a mild case of what we believe to be food poisoning from Tamarind. I am keeping at 2 stars because this was only 2/9 people at the table and they did work hard to accommodate a large group, but I am never risking the unpleasant side effects of eating here again.
Came here with friends this summer. It felt small but cosy. I couldn't feel the ac, so I got a little bit worried in the beginning. The decor was nice. I just got the pad thai, a safe choice. I almost got the green curry but I was kinda nervous I'd still be too hot from the lack of ac and heat from the curry. The pad thai was delicious but not the best I've had. My friend got the green curry, she said she enjoyed it. The service was also good. 

Overall, I thought it was good and I may try this place again if my friends want Thai food and we're in town. However, I probably wouldnt go out of my way to come back.
What a delicious Thai find in Philly! I absolutely love Thai food, so when my friends asked what I wanted to try, I was grateful for the opportunity to ask for some Thai. We headed to Tamarind around 7 on a Sunday and it wasn't too busy. It is a BYOB place, but we didn't have the foresight to bring a bottle of wine. Oh well. 

I started with the som tum salad with papaya, carrots, tomatoes, and peanuts. It was so fresh and tasty! The flavor was great and it had a great little kick without being too overwhelming. For my main dish I got chicken green curry and it was right up there with some of the curry I had in Thailand. The coconut flavor was sweet, and with a 3 star spice level (you can order up to 7 stars but order with care) it had some nice heat on it. There were tons of veggies- green beans, red peppers, basil leaves, etc. to balance out a good portion of chicken. Our waitress was great and we had a nice evening. I would recommend this cute little spot for your next Thai craving!
Nice low key spot... Food was good; service was great!!! The wait for the food was minimal and the prices were very reasonable.
Small seating area, cozy, no  fancy decor, delicious food, reasonable prices, good server, BYOB ........ perfect !

* Thai Iced Tea:  very good
* Thai Iced Coffee: excellent, strong, kind of mocha like, me likes!

* Fish Cake's:  very good
* Chicken Sate: was a little dry, boring

* Sauteed Ginger Curry: Stir-fried combination of chicken and shrimp with ginger curry and Thai chile paste. Was frickin' delicious. Ordered it with a spice level # 4 (scale of 1 to 7), it was the perfect level for us. I loved sopping up the curry sauce w/ the sticky rice.

*  Pad Kee Mao ('Drunken Noodles')  with chicken. We ordered it with 
a spice level # 4, it was very good. 

This is our 3rd time eating at Tamarind, it is one of our favorite Thai restaurants.
Awesome Thai. Fresh ingredients, bold flavors and just about everything I could ask for except napkins, cutlery, chopsticks, or a delivery driver that actually comes to the door. But the food? Very satisfying. Definitely will try again. Also...they offer 7 levels of spice, love yourself and don't try to go past 5.
Tamarind is easily the best Thai food in Philadelphia. I've been to Thailand recently, and this place compares rather favorably.  Obviously every country has regional differences and everybody will say "no one cooks like my mother," but this is very much like the food I got in Bangkok.

First off, their food is very spicy, like it should be. They have a hotness scale of 1-7 which really is very hot.  I eat extremely spicy food and sometimes a 4-5 here is too much for me.  They have quite a variety of meat, noodles, rices, soups, and vegetarian options.  Everything I've tried has been excellent, but I highly recommend the Drunken Noodles, and the Basil Beef/Pork.  This place is so good it converted a friend's girlfriend who was terrified to try anything remotely foreign.  One bite, and she's a dedicated patron to Tamarind!

* Pros: Good quantity, reasonable price, accurate heat scale.
* Cons: Small interior, so make reservations or come early.
This place is very nice! The food was good, and while nothing was labeled vegan, they had quite a few vegan options. 

I had the Golden Tofu, Som Tum, Basil Mock Duck, and Panang Curry (between me and my boyfriend, I can eat- but not that much). All of the dishes were excellent! The curry had the perfect amount of spice to it. All of the dishes has distinct and great flavors. 

The service here was great as well. It was a Monday night so the restaurant was essentially empty, and we received first class treatment. Waters were refilled quickly, plates were cleared, and the food came out fast. One of our servers even took a picture for us! 

4 stars due to the lack of "vegan" labeling on the menu, causing me to awkwardly make sure of every item that I ordered. Definitely going to go back soon.
Very good food! Ordered the Penang curry, fish cakes and Tamarind spice noodles. Loved the curry and fish cakes but the spice noodles were a tad bit on the sweeter side. However the manager/server was so sweet, she offered to take it back and make it spicier!
Thai BYOB.  We have called to make a reservation before and were seated very quickly, but it seems like even if you didn't make a reservation you would have no trouble being seated.  Reasonably priced, good food.  I prefer the food here much more than Pad Thai down the street on 2nd (plus, once again, BYOB).  I am not good with a lot of heat, so I always ask for the food to be mild, and it always comes out with just enough spice.  If you enjoy Thai food, definitely check this place out.
Have I never reviewed Tamarind?

My favorite Thai dish is red curry with seitan and/or tofu. I would say for this dish I come to Tamarind 65% of the time and the other 35% of the time I go to Erawan in Chinatown. This is like, several times a week. Up until recently I used to tell myself that there simply wasn't anything better than Erawan in Chinatown. Well I don't believe that's true anymore.

Tamarind is a bit different, as expected, but equally as delicious.

Here are the key differences between the two best Thai restaurants in the city in my opinion:

- Tamarind is slightly spicier by default (not a problem as this is my preference.)
- Tamarind is slightly less flavorful than Erawan.
- The rice at Erawan is better. It's sticky Jasmine rice cooked perfectly. Not sure what Tamarind uses.
- Tamarind's portion is slightly bigger. I've left Erawan wanting more, which I think added to my sense of preference. Though to be honest, I'd rather leave lusting after my next experience than totally full, so this is a wash.
- I don't need to make any vegetable substitutions at Tamarind (At Erawan I have to say hold the eggplant and add broccoli. This is the default at Tamarind!)
- Tamarind has more vegan appetizer selections, and overall those selections are better, but I don't feel the need for an appetizer at Tamarind, so again, also a wash.
- Tamarind is 4 blocks closer to my apartment.

So there you have it. I'll go to either one any day of the week for red curry. But it's usually Tamarind.
Good food, slow service 

I recommend the penang curry and pad thai! For appetizers, I suggest the crispy angel, steamed dumplings, and Thai sausage. I've had the chicken satay and it's pretty dry.
Amazing Food!!! Small staff but with great customer service. This probably was the best Thai cuisine I've ever had!! I cant stress enough how good the food was. It's a shame I'm from Jersey and just here for the day, because I'd love to keep coming back to this place. Highly Recommend!!!!!
This review is for the take out service. My fiancé called ahead and they said thirty minutes till the food is ready. This is about 6.30pm. Thirty minutes is quite long but it's ok. When he arrived, the waiter said it would be another 15 minutes. That's crazy! But on top of that he was told to wait outside of the restaurant for his takeout that was late to begin with. On a day where it's 90 degrees out! The restaurant was moderately crowded but clearly management is poor and probably understaffed if the food is so behind on schedule. 
The food itself is okay. Pad Thai i would say is above average. But I would rethink coming here again.
Probably my favortie Thai restaurant in Philadelphia thus far, especially since others have declined in quality and consistency of food and just don't measure up.  Service is good and food is consistent, which makes for a great dining experience.  I love that they are BYOB also.   My most recent visit was this past Wednesday for my mom's birthday. 

Between the 6 of us, we ordered:
Fried Taro - deliciously crispy on the outside and warm and soft taro inside, served with a sweet chili sauce. 
Tam Salad - greens with chicken, shrimp and an egg with a sweet dressing.  Reminds me of a chefs salad. 
Yum Beef Salad - greens with Thai marinated beef in lime juice with Thai basil and spices.  My favorite salad, which I'm craving right now. 
Pad Thai with Shrimp - generous portion of noodles with bean sprouts and peanuts, served with jumbo shrimp.  Did not try the noodles (but ate one piece of shrimp), but everyone else loved it.  My mom claims this to be the best Pad Thai she's had. 
Green Curry with Chicken -  the perfect flavor of coconut milk and spice with chicken and tender vegetables.   My favorite type of Thai curry.   
Roasted Duck Chu Chee - half of a roasted duck with bamboo shoots and an assortment of vegetables in a sauce of coconut, kaffir lime and spices. Good flavors of coconut milk and spices but duck was over cooked and a little dry. 
Filet of Salmon Chu Chee - salmon with the same accompaniments as the duck.  Good flavors as well and nice contrast with the crunch of the carrots (don't know if that was intentional or not) and I usually order it medium spicy(2-3), next time I'll make it more spicy(4). 
Islan style Pork Tenderloin - 2 pieces of Islan style pork, grilled, with sticky rice and a som tom salad.  One of the most tender and flavorful pieces of pork I've ever had.  Highly recommend this dish. 
Mock Duck with Thai Basil - mock duck made out of bean curd skin with basil and an assortment of vegetables in a brown sauce (can't remember what kind).  Surprisingly resembled duck and was very good.  

Overall, love their food, and you can't beat their prices for delicious Thai cuisine.  Will continue to frequent and bring others to experience.
Definitely a fan of Tamarind - it tops my list of BYOB's in town. 

They have a great selection of Thai favorites and everything is pretty delicious. Not overly huge portion sizes, I don't think we have ever taken home leftovers. 

The appetizers are pretty spot on. 

But... with every romance, there is just that one thing that sorta kinda doesn't bother  you at first, but after a few dates you're like UGH WTF. 

With Tamarind, my only beef is the waiting area or lack of one that is annoying. I don't even head over there until I know it is well past the dinner rush because I hate standing awkwardly in the way of EVERYONE. 

Basically you stand in a hungry clump with other hopeful eaters until one of the seating fairies notices you're about to pass out and then seats you. On more than several visits, we have been sat after people who just arrived. 

Tl; Dr - Awesome food & BYO. Don't go at high traffic times.
The best Thai food in the South Street area. The food at this restaurant is way better than both Pad Thai and Aqua, other area Thai/ Malaysian eateries. They have reasonable prices and they will make your food anywhere from mild to Thai hot. Perfect blend of spices and flavor.
When it comes to Thai food, I am That Guy who always just orders pad thai. Don't judge me; I do TRY other people's stuff.

Tamarind is consistently good. The food never disappoints, getting a reservation for a decent-sized party (10-15) is pretty easy, AND it's a BYOB. The staff is incredibly gracious, even if you're the huge, drunk party that's stumbling towards the door long after they've locked it. You can see the little thought bubbles over their heads, with expletives written out in Comic Sans, but still they smile and say thank you, and for that reason I will go back again and again.
Before moving to Philly, I lived in the Bay Area (Berkeley, CA to be exact). The Bay has a million options for amazing Asian foods... but Philly... not so much. 

Tamarind is a solid Thai restaurant. It's not as delicious as some of the restaurants back in Cali, but for Philly it's really good. 

I love that it's a BYOB and the food is truly spicy. 

I would recommend the Panang Curry and Pad Kee Mao.

The restaurant is small, so call ahead for larger groups.
Yes. Just... yes. 
The food is fantastic, the ambiance is subdued, and the fact that its a BYO is the cherry on top. Tamarind recently printed new menus and utilized the opportunity to raise their prices between 10 and 20 percent, but even with the increase prices are reasonable and servings are generous. 
The green curry is some of the best I've ever had, and the vegetables in the pad Thai are crisp and fresh. 
It's well lit and clean, and the noise level rarely gets out of hand, which makes this a great place to head to, wine in hand, for a relaxed dinner with someone comfortable.
Grab that bottle of Sauvigon Blanc or Reisling and get to Tamarind.

The thing I love most about the Philly dining scene are the BYOB restaurants that dot the city's food landscape. These restaurants offer you the best chance to have a great bottle of wine with your meal without the crazy markup. Tamarind, offers delightfully delicious Thai food to cozy up to your choice of crisp white wine.

Tamarind offers two authentic styles of Thai cooking Bangkok and Isan style.  Isan is a style of cooking that is focused on chilies and sticky rice with the meal and comes from the North Eastern part of the country.  The menu is filled with stars, superstars and some misses. 

One miss was the Crispy Angel ($2.95) appetizer, which claims to be chicken and shredded carrot wrapped in a wonton and deep fried. Served with Sweet Chili Sauce. It's basically crispy won tons with a dipping sauce. The filling for the wrappers was MIA. I recommend sticking with the Chicken or Beef Sate ($4.95) delish meat on a stick with a tangy peanut sauce or Steamed Veggie Dumplings ($4) that come with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce. 

Superstars on the menu include the Pad Kee Mao Noodles (aka: Drunken Noodles) with Chicken ($9.95) or Shrimp ($13.95). This staple thai dish is served hot and spicy with fresh bursting flavors. The Chicken Penang curry ($9.95) is one of the better Penangs I've had with an assortment of fresh vegetables included. Outside of the curries an all-star can be found with the Roasted Duck ($14.95) that's a half roasted duck with crispy skin coating a juicy duck a top fresh stir-fried vegetables and ginger.

A star was the Pad Thai that offered many shrimp and was a tasty treat at just ($9.95). 

The restaurant is also Veggie friendly with more than 12 vegetarian dishes to choose from.
Food is decent. To me not great. But, still a savory meal. Thought the salmon tasted boiled which I don't like it cooked that way.  Would try here for Thai but also consider other restaurants.
i went a couple years ago but it was very delicious and they give you a lot of food. it was small and intimate but everyone was friendly and attentive to us.
Hands down my favorite Thai place in Philly. It's a very casual, no frills BYO on South Street. The food is beyond delicious (try the noodle-free pad thai and penang curry) and cooked without too much oil. My mouth is still watering thinking about my meal from the other night.
It's not entirely bad but this place had my boobs sweating! It's bad enough outside was hot and humid as hell these days but to dine in at a restaurant with no ac and temp more humid than outside is so uncomfortable and unenjoyable. Needless to say we had to pack our food and take it to go instead. I asked the waitress why is it so hot and she said she didn't know why they have no ac. 
The service took looooooooooooooong! All those O's are not exaggerated. I feel really bad saying this because their kitchen might be small with one cook who might be an old grandma but they've been in business long enough to progress and produce quality and satisfaction that it's not an excuse. Food was good but portions are a little small. Particularly my dish which was the tamarind salmon. The rice that came with it was probably enough for a 2 year old because had I been super hungry, 2 spoonfuls of rice will not be enough. I think their rice cooker is small and need to be updated to a larger one. Maybe I'll try this place again after they renovate it and add 5 cooks, larger rice cooker, air conditioning and maybe add a second floor so the customers waiting are not breathing or spit flying on your food when your table is 2inches form the door.
Some great Thai food, and you can't beat the price! I have never gotten Panang curry for less than $10 at dinner, and here it was a very reasonable $8.95. Not only was it affordable, it was quite delicious! Definitely recommended if you find yourself on South Street and need some Thai!
Two words:  Veggie friendly!  And without losing any of the essential Thai flavors.  Loved this place for solid, right on, perfectly spicy and delectable Thai food.  Small casual place where it's all about quality food!  The menu is huge and all the typical Thai dishes are great.  Loved the papaya salad, green curry, vegetable radna, and fresh summer rolls. BYOB.
Staff are friendly and helpful. Foods are tasty, many choices, reasonable price. But Tom Yum can be make it better (I think). Recommend to make a reservation in advance due to limited tables. Parking can be easy to find on the street. Definitely will come back again.
I come here about once a week for my green curry fix. I always order the green curry with chicken. Like one reviewer said, it is like crack. It is so delicious. It is very spicy for me though (a bit of a spice wuss), so I usually ask for it to be made a little more mild. It is a generous serving, and it comes with rice. 

I haven't gone to any other Thai places for green curry because I'm always afraid I'll be disappointed. Tamarind has the best meals, I feel, because the vegetables served with it are always fresh and cooked perfectly (not soggy). I appreciate fresh crispy, not over cooked vegetables and value this highly about Tamarind's food. 

I have also had the chicken cooked isaan style. I did not like it, but it came with yummy sticky rice. The chicken was dry, though. 

I've also had the crispy angel appetizers. They're really cheap and tasty.

Service is always attentive and friendly. Never had a bad time here. Five stars for the green curry and service!
I don't even know where to start! This place was amazing. My friend and I stopped here for take-out and the service was wonderful. Everyone was so nice and the food is TO DIE FOR. Well, at least the drunken noodles were. The best drunken noodles I have ever had.
The food was very good. Unfortunately being close to the door on cold nights can be painful.
BYOB, which is cool. Service was pleasant and timely.

Over all we eat at someplace new in Philly each month, some of these tiny places are very good. But the cold is something to reckon with. What I'll take away is that they had good eats. I will be back and would take someone new with me to try Thai food.
Great food quality and smoothing ambiance. I will go here again for pumpkin soup.
I would like to start by saying this place is in a perfect location. It's far away from the hectic environment on south street but you could get into the mess if you walked a couple blocks down. Also there are parking right around the corner and if you know philly. It's hard to get away from PPA on south street.

Now to the staff: 
Amazing staff, they are very friendly and accommodating when you want to change some things around without giving you any fuss. The waiters and host come to check on you several times to make sure you are attended to throughout your dinning experience.

To the food: for some good Thai food. I feel that this place was very authentic. I had orders the beef sauté, chicken Tom yum, and roasted duck. All the food was exceptional. The spice was nice but not too over powering. Also the curry flavor was just the right amount of sweet and tangy. 

Experience: it was amazing! I highly recommend going to try it out. For the food, atmosphere, authentic taste, and experience without hurting your wallet it's a def. must!
Best calimari in Philadelphia. Very close to a poké stop the place is on the quieter end on south street to it is perfect for date night with your significant other. The shrimp and chicken pad Thai is off the chain.. The spice is rated 1-10. I personally think 2 is a little spicy because I'm a chicken when it comes to those things.
Now I have my Thai go-to for the east side AND the west side (Smile Cafe)!

I recommend the papaya salad (so fresh tasting), panang curry (soft, almost fluffy tofu and lots of thai basil, which I adore), and the classic pad thai (perfect portion, not overcooked).

Although the waitstaff was iffy- they tried to deny us as a party of 5 at 9 pm because they were "booked" until I convinced them to seat us- I loved my meal at Tamarind. I'll be back.
Service was incredibly slow, and the waiter forgot our drink orders and had to be reminded three times before he remembered, but the food was quite good. I got the veg panang curry which was tasty, though *VERY* spicy.  My fiance got the veg mock duck which was great. Our friends got non-veg dishes (squid and pork) both of which they said were good. The appetizers (stuffed tofu and som tom salad) were tasty, and the dessert was a hit as well.  Basically my only complaint was that it took forever for us to get our entrees. Hard to give it 4 stars because of that fact alone. Otherwise, good food.
Ordered delivery- friendly staff on the phone! Pad Thai- amazing! Dumplings and spring rolls, yum yum!
Love this place- fresh and delicious food at an affordable price.  Yellow curry is my life.
Wow, this place is seriously awesome!

First thing is first - I heard many great things about this place. I tend to have very high expectations for what "good thai" should taste like because I used to work as a server at an amazing restaurant in Chicago, and it basically set the bar for me.

So, I decided to check this place out. First of all, it's B.Y.O.B. Those four letters are already a reason to excite anyone. Bring your favorite bottle of wine, or some beer, and sit down and enjoy some fabulous dinner!

Second, best time to come is anytime before 7pm. Before then, you'll be able to park right next to the restaurant, AND beat dinner rush hour. Anytime after that, expect to wait a little to be seated - it gets pretty busy.

But now on to the food ... if it is your first time, and you'd like your food spicy, they give you a description of how spicy the food can get. It's ranked between 1-7, 7 being the hottest. 

Let me tell you... I LOVE spicy food, and I eat everything ridiculously hot (One time in mexico, I drunk walked to a taco stand and literally poured tons of habanero sauce all over it and almost died, then went back the next day to do it again).

So with that said.. a 2-3 is a medium spicy. I ordered my dish a 4, because I was warned that 5 was leaning towards really spicy. 4 was a perfect choice. It was pretty spicy, but bearable to eat without masking the other flavors.

Anything above 4 will be VERY spicy - just a warning.

I ordered their Tom Kha soup, which was a bit watery for me but packed with so much flavor, I was still satisfied with it.

I also had an order of their Crispy Angel, which came with a good chili sauce, that seemed a bit spicy then regular sweet chili sauce.

Their Pad Thai wasn't amazing I'd have to say, but the 4 star spicy that I chose gave it a great kick.

Best thing I ordered was Sauteed Ginger Curry. wow.. WOW. It was a perfect mix of spicy, creamy, packed with flavor, and the chicken as well as shrimp was cooked very well. It came with a small helping of rice, if you are a hefty eater, an additional order of rice may be needed.

Overall, I was very impressed with Tamarind and I'll definitely be coming back. Soon.
Finally a place with good Thai food. Having lived in Philly for two years now I thought I had tried all the this town had to offer in the way of Thai food and had been left feeling disappointed. That is until I tried the eats at Tamarind. We kicked the meal off with an ap of spring rolls which were excellent. I was really happy to find a none fried version (although that was available as well) and even happier that is was brimming with fresh veggies. The dipping sauce was all sorts of delicious and didn't over power the dishes flavor.

Next up was Tom Yum. This is a soup I CRAVE in the winter and can be hard to find as a vegetarian (technically pescetarian)  but Tamarind had it and it completely hit the spot. There was a nice balance between the salty and sweet with a touch of heat that is the dign of truly good Thai food. 

To round things out I had a lemongrass and shrimp dish that was exceptionally spiced and incredibly fresh. Considering the reasonable price it had plenty of shrimp and was large enough to fill me up without going over board. 

I would highly recommend Tamarind for anyone else needing a fresh Thai fix.
Finally a Thai place that actually serves up spicy Thai food that kicks your ass a little bit.  My suggestion is to not go when you're already 1/2 in the bag and order a dish that's really spicy, because here they actually add some heat.  Luckily it's BYOB so you can bring your own beer to cool off the burning.
Tamarind is by far the best Thai place in the city. I've eaten at other Thai restaurant only to come back to this one.

We've frequented this place so many times I think we've tried almost everything on the menu. Some of our favorite appetizers are the spring rolls, shrimp in pastry shells and crispy angel. For the main entrees, we love their red curry. The duck chu chee is also amazing, although sometimes the duck can be a bit dry. If you're in the mood for noodles, the pad woonsen is a must. 

If you love spicy food like I do, you can spicify your food. They have a scale from 1 - 7, representing the number of spoonfuls of peppers they put in your food. Beware, they are really really spicy.

Best of all, this place is BYOB. You can get a great meal without spending a lot of money.
The best sticky rice I've ever had. I also had some BBQ pork dish last time. Can't quite remember the name but it was very very good. Sometimes it's hard to get seated bc it's kinda small. Very delicious food all the same.
I would call it unfortunate if I thought chance had anything to do with it, but the collective experiences of myself and others have convinced me that this place is just not so great. Surely, it is not as bad as Thai Singha House or Pattaya, but those are at the very bottom of the barrel. On this trip we had mussels, tom yum goong, gai pad kra prow, thai sausage and a tilapia dish. The mussels were far overcooked and in a very mild, perhaps bland broth which might have suited something less leathery. The tom yum was virtually identical to the mild, bland substance under the mussels, maybe with a dash of vinegar, but without the depth or complexity I'd normally expect of this soup. The thai sausage was dry and served with what was apparently watered down sriracha. The chicken and basil was boiled in its own juices rather than actually stir fried (admittedly a difficult feat, apparently, for I have only been to maybe 2-3 restaurants out of ~25 nationwide that can prepare it correctly), and similarly lacked much in the way of spice or interest, but it was edible. The tilapia was served over a pond of the same brown sauce that came under the chicken, but was shockingly tasteless somehow. Entrees all came sprinkled with green beans and carrots. It made me think of a food truck.
Anyway, for Philadelphia's thai food this is probably great, but.. I wouldn't take anyone Thai here. (The jury's out for Philadelphia's best Thai food, but I am searching...)
Love Tamarind, I have been coming here for years. 

As a recent ex-philadelphian, I miss Tamarind very much.  The cuisine is not trying to be 100% authentic Thai, but that is OK.  The food is fantastic!  This is the one of the first places I have had crispy duck, not greasy.  I don't think they have duck soup, so the other reviewer must not have their facts straight.

Try the wasabi shrimp, not on the menu but truly a delight.  Owner and staff are fist rate as well.  They will make something for the kids if you tell them what you want.  This is not a Chuckie Cheese, but they are accommodating.

-tom
How about romantic setting Thai place with plentiful parking, casual hole-in-the-wall feel, chef-owner, BYOB, authentic and affordable all sound in one package?

Amazing Deliciousness. 

Great for dates, great for birthday get-togethers, great for special occasions and celebrations. 

Bring: German Rhein River Riesling

Order
Appetizers:
Fried Calamari
Golden Tofu
Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp

Entrees:
Tamarind Duck
Trilogy of the Sea
Pad Thai
Pad See-U (off menu, get it with shrimp and squid, AWESOMENESS)

Drink:
Thai Tea

Arrive Home:
Freaking satisfied and full, time for nap, boom.
I stumbled upon all the positive reviews of this place on yelp and decided to give it a try since I was craving Thai.  The food here is excellent! The spicy tamarind noodles with shrimp is by faarrr my favorite! The place itself is a bit small but has a cozy ambience.  Their prices are sooo affordable! A meal for two typically runs us less than 30 bucks.  Just a warning: the spice here is serious!!! They let you pick your spice preference by indicating a number on a scale from 1 to 10, with "10" being the spiciest one can go.  Trust me, I loooove spicy food and have never gone past a "4."  I can only imagine a "10" as simply a plate filled with hot hot peppers.  Anyway, it's a great spot on South street right near Penn's Landing.  Great choice!
The food is surely the highlight of this place... Each dish is cooked fresh and is very flavorful! My hubby and I visited tamarind tonight for dinner... Our appetizer was probably the let down of the meal! I recommend that you skip the crispy tofu... Peanut sauce that accompanied it was probably the saving grace... 

Green curry, chicken stir fry with cashews and pineapple fried rice were all extremely delicious! 

The place is simple and clean... Waitresses were friendly and attentive... Overall bill was not too bad either!
I had been there multiple times and Tamarind had only failed me once or twice.

Let's first start off with the appetizers that I have tried:

Thai Sausage - FAILED! It tasted great, but I could have definitely gotten more at a Southeast Asian grocery store for a cheaper price. The portion was great for an appetizer, but terrible for the price.

Chicken Spring Roll and Vegetarian Spring Roll- C comes in 2 rolls while V comes in 3 rolls. Crunchy, nice golden brown, and did not even taste fattening even though it was deep fried. LOVE LOVE LOVE the sweet tamarind dip.

Crispy Angel- I must say that it is ordinary. Just like a general fried wonton - nothing special - comes with the sweet tamarind sauce on the side. Best thing about this is that it is CHEAP! Just 2.95 per order. It is nice to munch on while you are waiting for your entrees.

Fried Calamari- MY FAVORITE APPETIZER! Nice I say more?

Steamed Dumplings- I could have lived without. Same explanation as the Thai Sausage. I think this one comes with a garlic- soy sauce.

The Sates and the Sate Sampler- Love! Takes a while since it has to be grilled, so make sure you order ahead of time. I always have to ask for another side of peanut sauce. They had never charge me extra for that. If you want the Chicken Sate and the Beef Sate together, all you have to do is ask! A normal order comes with 4 sticks, it is possible to ask for two C sticks and two B sticks for the SAME PRICE of 4.95. Same goes for the Sate Sampler.

Tamarind Roll- The same as a normal summer roll. The sauce seems like the same peanut sauce for the sates. Not crazy about it, but it is definitely the HEALTHIEST thing on the menu.

Soups:

Tom Yums- Mixed feelings. I am sure that I had tastier ones else where, but Tamarind is definitely one of the best.

Chicken Tom Khah- Same goes for the tom khah.

Woonsen Soup- Sorry, but I have to be bias. I never liked Woonsen Soup no matter where I had it and Tamarind was not successful in changing my mind.

Salads:

Thai Salad- Love Love Love, but this is only after I asked for no onions, no bean sprouts, no tofu, and no eggs. WHAT IS LEFT?! Well, let me tell you, a handful of greens carrots, fresh tomatoes and baby tomatoes. This is just how I like my salads. The sauce is the same peanut sauce as the one for the sate. i like to mixed the peanut sauce with the sweet tamarind sauce as the dressing for this salad.

Som Tum- I like my som tum with papaya. It was heaven in my mouth. The first note you get is definitely sour, and then sweet, and then (if you want) spicy. It was GREAT. I like my notes to be sweet, then sour, and then spicy, so I asked for more sugar on the side. Problem solved!

Yum Woonsen- It looks amazingly bland, but it was just bursting with flavor!

Yum Beef- SOOOO GOOOOOOD.

Curries:

Simple explanation- Very nice, but my favorite will have to be the Sauteed Ginger Curry.

Entrees:

Pad Thai- Mixed feelings again. It was good, but I have definitely had better elsewhere.

Tamarind Spicy Noodles- LOVE. It has the same thin flat noodles as the pad thai, stir-fried in a lovely sweet tamarind sauce with just the right amount of chillies.

The Ducks- If only I liked to eat duck, I would have definitely ordered some of the duck dishes. As the dishes pass by my table fresh out of the kitchen, it just looked and smelled soooooo wonderful!

Tamarind Chicken- The smells of the duck dishes compelled me to order the Tamarind Duck (just because it sounded nice in the menu), but with Chicken instead of Duck. it might have tasted different with duck meat (different flavoring, like how adding shrimp would make everything taste like seafood), but I was happy with the dish. Only downside was that If I did not have rice, it would have been a tad too salty.

The Fish Dishes- To be honest, I am not a big seafood eater. I have tried and loved Tilapia in Heat. However, my all-time favorite will still have to be the Salmon Cha Cha Cha. It was just WONDERFUL. So wonderful that it has become indescribable. You will just have to try it for yourself.

Radna- It was nothing special. I never really liked it to begin with and Tamarind has failed once again to change my mind.

Pad Woonsen- NEVER ORDER. Well, I mean, DO NOT order if you KNOW that you DO NOT like the clear thin noodles. I find that the Pad Woonsen at ANY RESTAURANT to be dry and tasteless, Tamarind is no exception.

The Drinks- Definitely overpriced. Tasted normal. Meh~

The Restaurant- Reservations are definitely recommended if you plan on going to eat on and between Thursday and Sunday. Warning: If you do not show up in 15-30 minutes after your reservation time and you did not notify them of any changes in time, they WILL GIVE YOUR TABLE AWAY. This happens only on busy nights though. They will still try to accommodate you if they can. Simple decor.

On busy nights, you should definitely order food that is not grilled, grilling takes FOREVER.

SEVEN IS WAAAAY SPICY. Please base your level according
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly.  The food is excellent, always fresh and prepared to order, and the prices are very reasonable - entrees in the $10-15 range are plentiful.  Add the fact the fact that it is a BYOB (no corkage) and it's easy to get out of there for less than $20/person, including tip, with food and service that makes you feel like you paid a lot more.

Wish they would start doing delivery, but we'll continue to visit.
I took a break from all of the meat sandwiches I was consuming (and loving) during my visit to Philly and decided to try some Thai. I've never had Isan-Style Thai, but the Isan-Style Pork Tenderioin sounded so good that I made the leap. WOW. This dish is Flavortown. It actually reminded me a of a spice-rubbed pork dish I make at home. I can't stress enough how flavorful this was. Not spicy, but definitely lots of spices. It was a bit overcooked, but the flavor made up for that easily.

If I'm ever back in Philly, I'm definitely swinging by here again. Neat tiny Thai restaurant with good food and friendly service.
This is so far my favorite restaurant to order Pad Thai. I heard good things about this place and how authentic the food was and I decided to try the Pad Thai. The dish was perfect. The chicken was cooked to perfection (not dry or over cooked)  I'm particular when I order chicken but I wasn't in the mood for shrimp (Pad Thai it's recommended with shrimp) so I decided to get chicken and I was ecstatic I got it. 

The downfall when I asked for Thai chili sauces they didn't have the vinegar with the jalapeños or the fish sauce with the red/green chilis and or the dry chili powder. All Thai restaurants have this. The server said he could get me dry chili but it was red pepper flakes which one would put on pizza. 

Overall, great restaurant/atmosphere/service just suggest to get the authentic Thai chili sauces.
A few co-workers and I just stopped here for lunch.  I had the fried tofu stuffed with cucumber and carrots served in a peanut sauce.  It was so incredibly delicious!  For the entree, I had the ginger mock duck.  Very good as well - there was no way I was able to finish it.  I will definitely make a return trip.
I can't recall the last time I had Thai food. And I love a good Thai meal. And good BYO, and a decently priced restaurant.  Enter Tamarind.

Quinn lives around the corner for this spot and had never tried it out. It was a perfect spot for us to hit before catching a movie. Before dinner, I did some research and found that a riesling is probably the best wine pairing for Asian food. I picked one up that wasn't too fruity, yet had enough flavor to compliment the relatively big tastes served up by Tamarind.

We only had a short wait on a Friday night. Once inside, we were seated quickly and the impeccable service began immediately. Before we have even settled down at our table they took our bottle of win and brought it back in a wine chiller. The atmosphere is nothing special, but enjoyable enough. It's a good place to grab food, but you're not going to impress anyone here either.

The menu offers a lot of different choices, and I could be happy eating here a few times without repeating anything. We split appetizers of the chicken spring roll and steamed dumplings to start out. Both of these offered a lot of different flavors, and they were excellent renditions of standard dishes. Neither did anything new or exciting, they were just good. And I like that.

Shortly after we finished our first course, the mains showed up. The first was a Tamarind Spicy Noodle dish with pork. I liked this a lot; with the pork stir-fried with red pepper and large noodles. It was the heavier of the two dishes we ordered. It was good, but the real star of the meal was Pad Wonsoon. it's a rendition of a standard Pad Thai dish, with chicken and shrimp.  Overall, it's very tasty, with the dish complimented by glass noodles.

Bottom Line: Tamarind is not breaking new ground, but they understand their food and craft well.  There's so much to like about Tamarind. It's not going to change your life, but they provide great Thai dishes at reasonable prices and a BYOB to boot.
My friends and I went here recently.  They are very strict vegetarians, so they were super excited to find a place that was veggie friendly.  We had spring rolls, and the kitchen was kind enough to substitute tofu for shrimp.  They were very fresh and filled with vegetables.  We had a good pad thai and veggie panang curry, but the definite standout was the ginger vegetables.  It was spicy and gingery and absolutely lovely.  We look forward to going back to try more items.
Overall, Tamarind has decent food but just needed something to push the flavors to another level. 

I went here on Sunday, 28-Dec-08 for lunch. The place was dead and my friend and I were the only people there. The decor is ok and it has a nice airy feel to the dining room with high ceilings. The server was attentive and friendly but he had a thick accent that was difficult to understand at some times.

The tom kha was pretty good with well balanced, yet bold flavors that I expect from this soup. The Isan grilled chicken reminded me of summer time grilling with the delicious smell and juiciness of the chicken but as far as calling it a Thai take on grilled chicken, the flavors weren't there. The rad nah that my friend had was just OK as well. It could have used more spicy heat.

I can't understand why so many places has ho-hum Thai food. Thai food should be bold, intense, and memorable. Of all the Thai food I have eaten over the years, there are only 2 places that I feel do Thai right and both are in Ithaca NY of all places. I wish some place in Philly would nail Thai food because it seems like there are plenty of people that would enjoy an exceptional Thai restaurant.
My meal here was completely accidental. I was walking by with my cousin and we just decided to grab dinner.

We got the thai iced teas. Crab cake and springroll appetizers. I enjoyed the crabcake patty but it was a bit chewy..more like crab by product than crabmeat. The spring roll, I would get the veggie next time. We got the chicken because of my meat loving cousin. Maybe we should have just gotten that satays.

She got the pad thai. You can't go wrong with the pad thai. I got something with tilapia, shrimp and scallops in a coconut curry sauce. I enjoyed the flavor but my tilapia was under cooked in my humble opinion.
I think what they did was cook briefly it in the hot sauce and hoped the rest of the heat (from the sauce) would complete the cooking process (afterall it's just fish and fish cooks pretty fast) by the time it got to me. FAIL!

I took a few bites around the sauce and I wrapped the rest home and rewarmed/recooked it on my stove. I couldn't trust that the scallops were cooked either. 
I'm a bit paranoid about raw food, if I ordered it to be cooked, then I want it cooked. If I wanted it raw, I would have ordered sushi.
YEEES! The closest thing to Thailand in this part of the world! Finally delicious authentic-ness!! Yes!!

I ve had foodgasm appetizer and main course. Skipped desert. Im satisfied with that.
I'm new to Thai food - but inexperienced as I am I am a fan of Tamarind... which now ranks as one of my go-to BYOBs.  

Up sides:
Food was great.  I got the Shrimp Tom Yum soup to start - shrimp perfectly cooked and tasty overall.  My girlfriend got the Fried taro (I think... could SWEAR she said "firecracker" when she ordered) - which was tasty but needed to be cut smaller in my opinion - it was way too hard to steal off her plate and eat before she noticed.

I went to the vegetarian menu for my entrée as I wasn't in the mood for seafood and that seemed to be their thing... going with the Vegetable Pad Woonsen  Very tasty - I highly recommend ordering it with the egg.  But I wish I had ordered it without the tofu - which was served kind of mushy.  Just took away from the taste and didn't compliment the texture of the dish in my opinion... and the vegetables were more than enough to go with to call the dish a meal. 

Service was fast and courteous - and very understanding when I couldn't understand him.  

Which brings me to the only downside - this place has a lot of seats in a very small place - it got LOUD in there.  I think it'd be fun for a group - but quiet dinner for two will leave you with a lot of "what did you say?" 

Honestly, though, the food is worth the noise - and even if it wasn't I'd still go back for a glass of the iced chi - amazing stuff.
Tried this place a couple times with some friends. To begin with, the space was very elegant but lighting was kind of dim. There is one window in the front that gave some light but I wished it was brighter. But when I first walked in, I was immediately greeted and seated. The server was very helpful and attentive. 

As far as the food goes, I usually get the calamari. It is good but lacks some flavor. I also always get the Thai iced tea but it is not on the menu. As for the entrees, I usually get the chicken curry. It is kind of spicy so if you do not like spicy, you might want to try something else. I love the curry, it is very flavorful and comes with rice. 

Overall, I would recommend this place. Great service and great food. Prices are ok and environment could be better with better lighting. But definitely would recommend this place for some authentic Thai food.
average thai restaurant.  if anyone knows of any better ones please do share bc I am a big fan of thai food.  ive been to thailand, and cant seem to find a place in philly that serves authentic  (or close to)  thai food.

i have been here twice, and the first time I enjoyed my entree, but the second time it was a disappointment.   The first time I went I had the green curry - good flavor, and the right amount of spice, but everything else ive tasted has been overall subpar:  

Appetizers-
-spring rolls- 
-isan style pork sausage- ok
-tom yum soup- lacks flavor, broth is thin and just not right
-chicken satay- the chicken was slightly overcooked but the sauce was pretty good

Entrees
-snapper falling in love- did not fall in love w this dish, lacked seasoning
-fish w/ garlic and sweet chili sauce (i thnk we had the snapper)- the fish was cooked right, but the taste was off.  

Drinks
thai iced tea- good!


I love the area the restaurant is in, and the service is really good, but I cannot get myself to go for a third time after my second experience.  If you do go, do try the curry, it was what I think is the best tasting dish on the menu (it is pretty good!)
Came here for a BYO dinner on saturday - was a great time.  The waitstaff was very friendly and accommodating.  the food was absolutely delicious.  Got the equivalent of drunken noodles at spicy level 5 (out of 7).  My mouth was almost on fire, but it was a good fire - not too crazy.  

the appetizers are quite small, but for 6 bucks, not bad at all.  

I'd definitely come back here again when I visit Philly.
Good spice Thai food, love it's not too greasy and just perfect. Their 1 spice level was hot enough, I don't know how people eat even more spicy food. 
Ordered 4 items all at 1 spice level but they end up varying spice levels. So you in luck if all spice levels end up right.
Tamarind, what happened to you? You used to be my favorite Thai place in the city, sadly not anymore. Just because I haven't been visit you and start  getting delivery, you choose to not mark which curry is which, my poor grandma who has a bad stomach might have got the spicy curry by mistake bc you didn't mark it. Okay, jokes aside, the food is not as impressive as it used to be, it starts to get basic just like an ex boyfriend. Sorry but not sorry, I won't be visiting or getting any food from you. Bye, my ex Thai food place.
I went to Tamarind with a group and I definitely enjoyed it. The restaurant is very small and quaint. Walking down South Street, it's easy to miss it. It sits at the end of the street, near Penn's Landing. 

The food was really good. I ordered the Tamarind Salmon, which comes with shrimp and rice. The sauce has a sweet and sour taste to it, which I loved. I didn't care much for the Crispy Angel, which is basically crispy wantons with chicken and shredded carrots. There was hardly any chicken or carrots, but the sweet chili sauce it came with was pretty good.

Overall, I would definitely recommend this place if you like Thai food or have never had Thai food. The location is perfect because it's located on the more quiet side of South Street. The restaurant is nice for a date or dining with friends. I probably should mention it's also BYOB.
Tamarind has some of the most deliciously spicy Thai food I've ever had. Don't underestimate their spice levels! I walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night. It seems like they do a ton of takeout, which made the service super super super slow. I'll cut them some slack though because they weren't unfriendly and apologized for the wait. The food was delicious. In the future I'd probably just order takeout from here, but nevertheless I had a great meal in terms of the food itself. I'd absolutely recommend for takeout!
Discovered this place when we went out for dinner at Pad Thai, where we had eaten many times before and it was closed for the night. We had that Thai food "Jones" and just did not feel like walking all the way back up to Aqua. Checked my handy dandy Yelp app on the iPhone and decided to check out Tamarind. Boy, were we impressed.

Really nice authentic Thai vibe, BYOB - which is a nice extra plus, and really fine food. Definitely the best Thai I have had so far in Philly. The food seems very authentic, service is excellent, prices reasonable. One of the dishes they have, which I have not seen anywhere else, is a noodle-less Pad Thai. I love Pad Thai but am trying to watch my carbs, so it is great to get all the Pad Thai flavors but without the noodles.

We have now eaten here a few times and have not had a bad dish yet. Another plus: it is not that far from the Ritz Theatres at 2nd and Walnut so it makes a great before or after movie meal spot!
We love Thai food, and this place had a lot of positive reviews, boy what a disappointment!

We ordered via Yelp, and that process was easy, despite an unfortunate high delivery fee. I don't know if the delivery person was riding a bike, but the bag came soaked in sauce that had spilled out of the containers, there were no chopsticks, and an unnecessary number of plastic spoons and forks. 

I ordered Tom Yum soup, which is a go-to at Thai restaurants. The container was about half full. There was ONE rubbery prawn, a million mushrooms, no other vegetables, and besides spiciness, there was no flavor. 

Also ordered the green curry which was totally bland, and -  like the one prawn - the chicken was so rubbery it was almost inedible. But the worst part was when I opened the rice, it was dirty. Dirty! Probably left over from a serving spoon, but I can't imagine what it would've been. It completely grossed me out, and I couldn't eat after seeing that. 

Won't order here again!
It would be wrong to not upgrade my review to 5 stars after the consistently delicious takeout I get here. I get tamarind at least once a month and it never ever disappoints!
Went here last night. I went on Yelp before going this time. I came before with my sister and I got the Pad Thai...it was OK. But maybe I just don't like Pad Thai as much as I want to say I do. Any way.....I read the reviews about the Ginger Curry and ordered it. OMG!!!!! Was the absolute best!! I loved the flavor, the heat, everything. I had enough to take for lunch today and just finished. Trying to figure out how I can get back down there for more. Amazing. I had the crispy angels.....I loved those too. And a glass of Thai tea which was also perfect. As you can tell, I loved my meal...lol. And I will definitely be back.
If you're looking for some great traditional Thai food, the food at Tamarind is spectacular. My favorite appetizers are the Crispy Angels and the Golden Tofu, while my top choices for dinner are the Cashew Chicken or any of the curry dishes. The service is very good, as the servers are most often very attentive (I've been there at least 10 times). Even when they're busy, multiple people work together and check on your table frequently.

A factor that makes the dining experience especially enjoyable is the fact that Tamarind is a "BYOB" restaurant. You bring your favorite red or white wine and they'll uncork it and serve it to you in their glasses for no charge. Another perk of their food is the "spicy" factor. They have a 1-7 star system and 7 will blow anyone's socks off. 

Since I'm half Hispanic and I was raised partially on spicy Mexican food, I love really spicy foods. I asked for 7 stars during my fist visit since I usually order 5 out of 5 stars at Thai restaurants in the west coast. My server recommended at most 5 out of 7 stars, and I followed his advice. When I ate the food, I was sweating bullets and my tongue was on fire- but I loved every bite! Now I stick with 4 stars and it's always spicier than any Thai restaurant I have ever eaten at previously. The servers do let patrons know how spicy the food can be when you request more than 3 stars.

Good service, cool Asian ambiance, and delicious food earns this restaurant five stars from me! It's my go-to Thai place in Philly.
The staff is somewhat lacking in communication with their customers, but they do a good job of making up for that with good, polite service and excellent tasting food. 

I've been here a number of times and always enjoy the spicy green curry and pad thai. Their iced coffee is also really good.

They have a good variety of stuff on the menu, although their soups are a little weak in comparison to some of the more flavorful Thai soups I've had. I would suggest just sticking with entrees as the appetizers are all somewhat small and just not worth shelling out the cash for. The entrees however are a good size so you usually won't be left hungry.

One thing that somewhat annoys me is that they often bring appetizers out with your entrees. No point in appetizers then. I always make sure to ask them ahead of time to bring the appetizers first.

They also offered some resistance when I tried to get them to make the curry as spicy as possible on their scale of 1 - 7. They insisted that I would spontaneously combust if I even dared to order something hotter than a 3. I made sure I got my 7 though and it was great.

I'll happily come back to this place. Overall, a great thai restaurant.
Deliciousness - what more do I need to say?  You want amazingly scrumptious thai food?  This is your spot.  This place is BYOB and you do have the option to choose your spice level.  I have been coming here for almost 2 decades and it never fails.  Thankssssss Tamarind for your existence and keeping a girl's belly full and happy!
