This was my third time eating here and I generally enjoyed it every time.
For Tampopo to be located in a very competitive foodie area, it seems to be doing very well. This spot is a nice eat-in / take out hybrid and has a chill environment. I've only order the rice bowl with spicy chicken. I honestly assumed the chicken would be THAT spicy but it was! And In a very good way. The chicken was a bit dry, but overall pretty good seasoned well. 
I tried some type of unsweetened tea drink that I absolutely hated, but that's what I get for ordering something I knew I wouldn't like since I'm not the biggest unsweetened tea fan.
It's also a little pricey, but overall its good quick group hangout / meet up spot to chow at.
Met friends at this Tampopo for a late lunch (to which I was late for).

Unsurprisingly, the place was empty save for two tables. Much like their state of affairs, the interior is simple, naturally-lit, with austere wooden stools. At the counter, I wished for (and paid $8.50 for) a bowl of Tampopo ramen and received a buzzer. When it lit up and made noise, I ran to the counter for my ramen.

Tampopo's ramen was a welcome afternoon snack. The noodles were okay, yielding, with a little heft. There was a good amount of meat, sweet and tangy, and an egg added flavor. Not sure if you can set the broth's heat level - I didn't specify - but it was slightly spicy. (Most normal people will cough after their first sip.)

When we were done, we cleared our table, placing plates and silverware in handily-labeled rubbish bins.

Those new to ramen will enjoy Tampopo's interpretation of ramen, but all others should leave high expectations at home. For sure, my meal didn't suppress my noodle-y ramen cravings, but their menu is intriguing enough to warrant future visits.
I GrubHubed some food from Tampopo today. I felt like some Asian food and after checking out their menu online, I decided to give them a whirl.
I ordered the Spicy chicken bowl and a order of pan fried pork dumplings and a side of Kimchee. The delivery was quick, and I received all the necessary utensils to enjoy my meal. The Spicy chicken was delicious, sliced into bite sized strips with a tasty sauce, the sauce wasn't that spicy but the chicken was grilled perfectly. I enjoyed that it wasn't too soft and it felt like you were having real chicken.
The dumplings were tasty, tender and a little bit on the smaller size, but very flavorful. The kimchee was good, with a satisfying amount in the container.
My meal was as promised, the only criticism I have is the spice level was kind of PG-13. I'm looking forward for my next experience with Tampopo.
Are you effing KIDDING ME?  $10.00 for a dry ass piece of salmon, a sprinkling of rice and 2 pieces of broccoli????  I feel like I've been HAD. Seriously!!!  Worse than that, they charged me almost $3.00 for a bottle of tea that should have cost me no more than $1.50.  

Wish I had read the reviews before I wasted my hard-earned money!!!  To top it off, I am STILL HUNGRY!!!! I should have gone to Pei Wei.  On my way to McDonald's right now. SMDH.

Stay away from this place.
Back again three years after my initial visit, and it's better than I remembered. We came here on an early Sunday afternoon and there was plenty of seating. Here, you order and pay at the counter, seat yourselves, and then they bring out your food. Subsequently you place your dirty dishes in a slot when you've finished. 

I ordered the standard beef bibimbap with a fried egg, and it was quite good. I've never had mind-blowing bibimbap.. since it's literally boiled vegetables and marinated meat mixed together with rice, but the ingredients tasted fresh and the portions were generous. Got like... 5 different veggies in this meal, so definitely not feeling guilty upon leaving!
Japanese and Korean food.. I'm really not here for that. My review is based off the fact that they sell Salmon, brown rice, and broccoli; I don't characterize it, but I like it.

I normally call for pick up, food is always hot and tasty. To be honest, there's not such to see or write here; a solid quick bite.
Don't po po on my parade. 

Food isn't too shabby. It comes out quickly and is made hot and fresh. I got the spicy chicken with rice and three sad pieces of steamed broccoli.. was tempted to ask for a little more.. I mean can a sista get some veggies up in this piece? I was full from my meal. I took several bites from my sister's chicken katsu don, which was really good and helped cool off my burning tongue (have the weakest tolerance for spicy food... I should not even be called Korean American). 

The girl that rang us up was having some technical and human functional issues. I mean with the recession and all you'd think they would hire someone that knows how to ring up two orders without errors and not get frazzled. 

For a quick Korean/Japanese bite in University City, it's alright.
After my second time ordering takeout from here, I can confirm the same assessment as most of the other reviews here - Tampopo is pretty great no matter what you get. Last time I had the salmon bibimbop, which was pretty tasty, and I'm picky about bibimbop. I think I might have liked my soba noodle salad with tofu and spicy dressing this time even more though. The salad is super filling so either order when you're really hungry or if you like having leftovers. My partner can confirm that the yakisoba noodles with tofu are also very good, but the curry yudon tofu is GREAT. I have to admit I was a bit envious when he got that the last time we ordered. I was thinking of getting it this time but decided to go for something lighter. Now he's declared loyalty to curry yudon tofu for all future visits so I've lost my chance. Guess I'll just have to try japchae noodles instead next time...
This place is not bad for the price.

The location is pretty convenient for all the college students around, and there's a ton of free parking, so that's one less thing to worry about.

I ordered the grilled salmon bento with white rice and broccoli. Each bento comes with your choice of entree and side, plus rice, salad, edamame, a curry dumpling (like a weird samosa?), and a small dessert. At least, I think that's what's standard in the box.

My piece of grilled salmon was tiny. My friend ordered the same and hers was noticeably larger. The owner came and apologized to both of us for the size and gave us free bowls of miso soup, which was a thoughtful effort. The food itself was okay. The (tiny) salmon was a little overcooked but full of flavor, the broccoli was simply steamed so I rolled it around in the sauce the salmon was cooked in. The curry dumpling was good but random, and the dessert was mysteriously tasty.

It's really good value and I'm hoping the other menu items prove more promising.
When a place that's known for it's sushi moves into a location that has been desperately in need of a good sushi place like West Philly, you'd think that sushi would be the first thing that they would push on their menu. But the fact that it took close to three months for them to offer it is just astoundingly foolish. And overall it's choices like that which make it hard for me to rally behind Tampopo to the fullest.

Josh F. is right on about the cafeteria style mentality being pretty awful. And that's why I usually stick with takeout and either waiting outside, or in Local 44 over a quick brew. Upon first trying the sushi (Philly roll and spicy tuna) I found it to just be slightly better than grocery store quality, and not exactly worth the price tag. The hot and spicy beef don that I picked up was just decent, and the shrimp shumai was pretty bland.

When it comes down to it the West Philly version needs a bit of work. But considering the reviews for the flagship store, it looks like it could get that way with age.
The sushi was good. Not bad, not great, maybe a little bit better than okay.

The style of this restaurant however, is NOT my cup of tea. I came with my wife and I guess was expecting waiter service. They don't really do that here. You look at a paper menu and then order at the counter. 15-20 minutes later your sushi comes and this thing they give you lights up. You go to the counter to collect your sushi. How did we order $40 worth of sushi? Anyway, it was good. But... It felt like I was in my college cafeteria. I had to bus my own table, there was no soy sauce dispenser, only foil packs of it. Meeeeh.... 

The Gyouza and the Edamame was was okay too.

I can't get down with a college cafeteria style sushi restaurant. Its just not my cup of tea...
Tampopo is my go to place for take out.  As someone who is trying to eat healthier, their offerings are more flavorful and healthier than a lot other Asian take out restaurants.

I'm very fond of the Spicy Chicken rice bowl, the bi bim bap, and the bento boxes.

If you want to make this a cute little date night, they are a BYO establishment.

Notes: they are closed on Mondays and their sushi is a tad expensive for the serving size.
I got the bibimbap and it is pretty darn good, but I found the sauce that came with it to be way too salty (thank god it was on the side). They can serve it in a stone bowl too if you're feeling extra fancy and want to spent an extra few dollars.

Their curry tastes like it came from those Japanese curry bars from the Asian market, but I don't know how you'd make curry otherwise so I guess this is okay... my boyfriend liked it a lot more than I did.

Their service is fast, the staff is friendly, but the place seems kind of cold.. maybe because it's kind of empty and quiet and clean. That may sound great to you though. Also, they have brown rice, yay!. Prices are lower than at Koreana (and you also don't have to tip). It's a little out of the way for university city, so the customers are mostly locals, whereas Koreana is mostly students.
Not sure why this place got only 3 stars. Bibimbap is very good for the city as well as my personal favorite the hot stone. Plenty of seating.

Added benefit: They have filtered water!! Not like those other asian restaurants that give you tap.

Some of the reviews below mention other dishes....but get what they're known for and you won't complain about portion or taste.
Just moved in two blocks away so I was pretty excited to see a Japanese/Korean restaurant closeby. You walk in, order, get a buzzer device, then wait for your food. You bus your own tray afterwards.

Ordered the hot plate beef bibimbop. It's not the usual clay pot that makes your rice at the bottom crispy--they used a plastic bowl so it didn't really have that effect of making your rice crispy. I should have gotten regular beef bibimbop which was a little bit cheaper. But overall the food was decent and filling..I'd definitely come back.
Okay, let's get a few things straight about Tampopo: you order & pay at the counter. You serve yourself water in a 70s-style cafeteria cup. You sit on a wooden bench. Your food comes to you on a brown plastic tray. Whoever said this was a "cute date place" has far different expectations than I do... BYOB? No wine glasses. Plastic cups? Abundant. I would say less BYOB and more "if you wanna drink a beer at your bench, no one is gonna stop you..."

That being said, my dolsot bibimbap was really nice. Super hot and hit the spot. There was a nice variety of veggies, and the meat was also of pretty good quality and flavorful. The boyfriend's spice beef bowl, however, came with rice, beef, and two pieces of raw broccoli. [Don't worry, I made him a salad when we got home. ;)] Tampopo feels like a good college eats place, if that's what you're in the market for, and maybe a good college date place? [Overheard: "So, what do you do when you're not doing homework?"]
i live two blocks from this tampopo location so this is my go-to destination for some yummy asian food. for a west philly asian restaurant, this place is relatively good. it's not the cheapest, but for the quality of the food, i'll willingly pay a couple extra bucks. 

i love getting the unagi bowl here (eel). it's one of those things i can't cook for myself so i always get it when i see it on the menu. and the unagi is fantastic here. i've also tried the bento with salmon teriyaki and the udon. both are consistently good, but nothing special, and the portions are a tad on the small side for what it costs.

i like that its mostly self-serve, so you get your own water and you clear your own dishes at the end of the meal. it means i don't have to pay extra for tip and saving money is always a top priority.

i will say one thing though. i had sushi from this place last week and it was terrible. there isn't a single restaurant in west philly that serves good sushi, i swear. and no, california roll is not real sushi. at least serve nigiri if you're going to serve sushi, not just some crappy maki rolls.
This place has a really similar premise to Koreana (you order and pay first, wait for your food, eat, and then bus your own table). I was super excited to see Japanese ramen on their menu - the real kind with pork or miso broth and a half-boiled egg, not the instant noodle kind - because there aren't many (if any) ramen-ya restaurants in Philly.

Tampopo's ramen tries hard but it's not a winner. I had the spicy ramen and the broth was more peppery if anything, but somehow lacked flavor at the same time. The noodles looked like instant ramen noodles (sigh) and kind of tasted like them too. They piled a ton of bean sprouts and green onion on top of the ramen (which I would normally love), but somehow it was still quite bland. One thing that I was happy with was my half-boiled egg, but my friend's egg was overcooked.

I think I'll come back to try their rice bowls, but my search for good ramen in Philly continues.
decent, not my fav but it's close to my partner's house, so..... staff's mostly made of lowkey condescending white women which kinda makes me uncomfortable. some are nice 

soba salad is sooo goooodddd

don't go here for ramen. 

korean fried chicken is meh

udon soup is good
Ok for what it is - Japanese/Korean fast food. Service is not stellar...they really need a better system especially for larger parties. Food was on par to something I could get at the KOP mall food court. Chicken katsu was good, but chicken was a little dry. Overall, nothing really worth writing home about. If you're in the mood for Asian food, I'd say make the drive to HMart in Upper Darby.
I want to like Tampopo, but my most recent experience has left me unlikely to return.  I came with a group of friends who were visiting town and while they went to order I put our alcohol and chasers down at a table. When I got to the register, the waitress rudely stated that I could not drink the soda I brought since they sell soda. Thus, I politely agreed to purchase one of their sodas. 

When I returned to the table, I noticed that our alcohol was gone. We came to the realization that the rude waitress went into our bag and confiscated our alcohol. Upon asking her if she had seen someone take our bottle, she started yelling and accusing us of attempting to sneak alcohol into the restaurant. Apparently there is a rule against hard alcohol (of which we were unaware) but instead of calmly explaining the rule, she convinced us to buy soda and rummaged our things without permission and then yelled at us.  This felt extremely unprofessional and her antagonistic behavior was unsettling, especially as she continued to bring our food out. 

Finally, I asked if we could return the unopened soda she essentially tricked us into buying. Unsurprisingly, she attempted to justify her behavior and insulted my group. I asked to speak with the manager. She she was a sweetheart and allowed me to return the soda. Upon leaving, the manager thankfully returned our alcohol. 

Overall, the experience was harrowing, inappropriate and embarrassing for me and my guests. If not for the nice manager, I think our alcohol would have been gone forever. 

Be forewarned- BYO means beer and wine only.
Was excited when i heard bout this place coming to my neighborhood (im only a block away!) It was my first time having Japanese/Korean and with that said I had no idea what to order. So I had to rely on the descriptions on the menu and the very informative girl who took our order over the phone. We opted for delivery. The restaurant itself just doesn't appeal to me. (Plain black benches and tables..thats it)
Food: I got the chicken with egg BiBimBob. Yum! Came with grilled strips of chicken over jasmine rice (which im addicted too) and lots of 
veggies topped with a sunny side up egg..He got the salmon Bento Box and loved it. Also got the steamed shrimp dumplings. So soft and tasty. Delish! 
We will definitely be back!
I awaited the opening of West Philly's very own Tampopo with an unprecedented level of anticipation, perhaps only rivaled by the recently opened Chipotle. Finally, after several false alarms, I just shoveled down my first Tampopo dinner without crossing the Schuylkill. 

The food was the usual Tampopo quality: delicious, filling, well cooked, not greasy, and priced to move. I'll be adding it to my weekly rotation immediately. For first timers, I'd recommend a rice bowl and a side, perhaps Gyoza or some other manner of dumplings. The bento boxes are also good, but not as large or diverse as what some other Japanese places may offer (they are, however, generally cheaper). 

The new space is very nice. Tables are off to the left and there is ample waiting room and even benches in case you want to show up and order takeout without calling ahead. It's bare bones inside, but it's clean and well thought out. It's also a BYOB and due to its extreme casual nature, probably not a bad place to do some serious drinking. But don't worry, their delicious rice will soak up all that alcohol in your stomach.

I also forgot to mention, if it's like the other Tampopo, you probably have to spend more than $15 to use a credit card and more than $20 for delivery. Also, there's a real cute blond girl working the counter. Maybe one day I will have the courage to tell her how much I love her dumplings.
According to the boyfriend, "The most disgusting ramen ever"..

Seriously, if it was from the fridged packs you can buy at any Japanese supermarket, it would have been 10x better.

I think the Tokyo ramen is supposed to be miso-pork based, but it was a watery miso with what tasted like pork fat in it to make it creamy - which it was, but lacking in all depth and favor of real ramen broth.  And the noodles while from nama-ramen was smelly.

$9.00 for something he took a bite out of and threw away.
It took three tries for us to actually make it to this place. They were closed the first time. The second time, we phoned ahead to confirm they were open, only to walk over and have the owner tell us they were closed. He promised that on our return, he'd foot half the bill. That never happened.

The food - the sushi is mediocre. I'd agree that it's a notch up from a grocery store but that's about it. The be-bim-bop was decent and that's probably what I'd come back for, if we do. The seating style leaves a bit to be desired - it's also confusing as we were given a buzzer for when the food was ready yet they brought it out. Odd.
While this small casual eatery doesn't serve the most authentic Japanese or Korean dishes, what it does serve is affordable and tasty. It's clearly most frequented by college students, and its close quarters, square stools, self-serve water in plastic cups and clean-up-after- yourself trays attest to its no-nonsense approach. That said, it still manages to be a bit classy with the wait staff bringing your order to your table. The inside, while crowded, is clean and colorful.

The stone-pot bi bim bap was worth the extra $2 because the searing hot bowl was great at keeping the food warm for the entirety of my meal. The toppings tasted fresh and the sauce had a mild, but still impressive kick. I did miss the traditional side-dishes that are often complimentary at more traditional Korean places though.
I used to go to the Center City Tampopo all the time for lunch, but I had never been to this one. I was excited to see some extra things on the menu, such as ramen, Korean fried chicken, and hot stone bowls. Unfortunately, the ramen was underwhelming. The broth was just okay, there was a lack of exciting mix-ins (just scallions), and the egg was hardboiled (heresy!). My companion's tofu over rice was flavorful but lacked enough sauce for the rice--weirdly, since I mostly find places err in the other direction. I did like the more-spacious layout, but I'll steer closer to my traditional order of bibimbap next time and try the dolsot, with maybe a foray into their KFC.
Meh.

I was pretty excited to try this place, since it's only a couple of blocks away, and I crave Asian food more than anything else. I was actually in the mood for some nice, spicy noodle soup, but the online menu for the West Philly location only listed sushi (without prices).

I was really unimpressed with the restaurant itself. I don't recall the temperature, but it felt... cold. Impersonal. Non-restauranty. Oh, and I also tripped walking in - there's a slight step up that I failed to notice. I found the buzzers that waiting customers receive really odd. It's so small that they could just whisper a name or a number when the order was ready, and there's certainly not much in the neighborhood to warrant a stroll while you wait (except maybe going for a beer next door at Local 44). 

Anyway, all of this could be forgiven should the sushi be good, since I'd likely only get takeout anyway. My three rolls cost just under $22, which I found expensive. They were plumper than I'm used to from other sushi joints, and the crunch roll had lots of extra crunch on it, which made me happy. But the California roll with fish egg and the spicy tuna roll were just fair - as others have said, maybe just above grocery store quality. The tuna roll had a few slivers of cucumber in it and was tartare style but relatively flavorless besides the kick.

Also, the $15 minimum charge is a big thumbs-down. (Actually, isn't that illegal? Or something?) Of course, if you're ordering sushi, you won't be able to spend less than that anyway, but still.

My quest to find solid sushi in Philly continues.
I love Tampopo and shamefully don't go nearly enough. I have lived within a block or so for the last 5 years and have only been a handful of times. 

Recently, I have been VERY into the Spicy Tofu Kimchi bowl - it's super delicious and flavorful. I need to try out some of the other entree options.

The staff has always been super nice and happy to answer any questions.

$10 card minimum
The server with short black hair working on Friday Apr 13 was extremely rude with our group. She acted like she didn't even want to be here and everything was an inconvenience for her. One of my friend's order was completely forgotten about (even when he ordered the same thing as me) until 40 minutes later. I usually love the food here but the service this time around really left a bad taste in my mouth.
My mouth is on fire, my stomach is full and I have a smile on my face.
I just ate my first ramen bowl at Tompopo.

I was well aware before I came here that this is a small, bare-bones counter service, Japanese/Korean restaurant. What I didn't know was how good the quality and flavor of the food would be! It was thoroughly satisfying to me. 

For newbies, make sure you know that most dishes have a spicy kick to them--this is not your college ramen. Also, be sure to try the yummy green tea ice cream (you'll need it after setting your mouth on fire).

I can't wait to eat here again to try more!
Good food
Fresh sushi
Order at counter grab a table quickly because it is crowded wirh Penn kids   
Reasonably priced
Lots of choices
This place is in a prime location. It's in the heart of uni city surrounded by universities, students, professionals, clinics, office buildings etc.. You would think the food would be top notch? NOT. 

I've tried the sushi here a few times, really no frills there..

My most recent and my last time venturing in on my lunch break I decided to have the hand-drawn chicken teriyaki noodle soup. I don't think the noodles were boiled all the way, they hurt my stomach so much after consuming them... Just felt like they were sitting on my stomach. The broth was so bland and was definitely missing flavor. 

Never again
For a pretty inexpensive, casual restaurant, this place is not bad. I like the dishes I've tried, from the thicker noodle soup (I think it was Yaki Soba) to some of the veggie tofu dishes. They're flavorful and fresh, and not too much money. However, the atmosphere is not anything special-- just a bunch of plastic tables and chairs, and the portion sizes are on the small side...so I always feel hungry, even after finishing a main dish. So, I'll probably come here if I want to save money, but still want to eat out... but nothing I'm incredibly excited about.
Don't get the Chicken Katsu (over rice) - Probably the worst katsu I've ever had.  The breaded chicken was soggy, and I've never seen a katsu served with what seems to be an egg stuck/wrapped tothe chicken.  They were out of white rice so they were only able to serve it with brown rice.

Cleanliness note: I observed one of the servers carry a few dishes to customers table.  One of the dish was being carried by her inside elbow and the ends of her long hair was touching the inside of the rice bowl.
No thanks.
Small place to get sushi and such. Food was good and I felt was worth the value. Vegan options.
Word of advice - go to this tampopo instead of the one in center city - better cutlery and overall environment (more open and spacious) and the way the food presented is more pleasing to the eye (for example - bibimbap tastes so much better eaten out of a glass bowl/stone pot rather than a plastic one - just my opinion). 

I am a fan of the salmon bibimbap for something refreshing during summer. All the ingredients taste very fresh. I also enjoy their bento boxes - serving size is enough to fill me for lunch and have leftover for dinner. Bibimbaps in the stone pot come out sizzling and Insta-worthy presentation wise. I cannot attest to the authenticity of Korean cuisine but I do know that it tastes good! Very fair pricing as well.

One thing though - I wouldn't recommend getting the katsu - it's not crispy as katsu should be as the rice bowl is quite mushy and soupy...never quite understood why...taste isn't bad but texture is off and definitely not what you'd be expecting for katsu.
such an array of reviews...

my experience with them has been great so far...philly, lets be honest. your selection for korean food is...well...lacking. especially in west. so what's a gal to do when she's craving food from her homeland and is too lazy to venture out to upper darby? well...i'll tell you. i'll fulfill that craving here.

now, what was ordered = chicken kimchi bowl at $8 - not bad considering it's a pretty generous portion and the kimbab/inari combo, which was advertised as $11 but i was charged $12 for it :( boo. you get four large pieces of inari that'll fill you up good and 10 pieces of kimbab - also large pieces. woohoo! everything is delicious too. and btw, take it from someone who can do spicy, the kimchi bowl is pretty spicy. not burn your insides, numb your tongue and hurt your lips spicy. perfect spicy.

i recommend giving them a try if in w. philly and you're craving some korean food.
It's just... not very good and hideously expensive given the quality and the fact that it's counter-service. I've lived around the corner for almost 2 years, so every so often I decide to give it another try (...and another, and another, and another...). But the sushi is a step below the stuff you can get at the Fresh Grocer (really), the ramen is way inferior to Ramen Bar's, I'd rather ride out to Upper Darby for Korean food, and the bento boxes are so mediocre it hurts.

If the food were stepped up, it would be a great addition to the neighborhood.  

No reason to go. Save your money.
I find this to be one of the few food establishments in West Philadelphia that offers a variety of edible dishes at reasonable prices (albeit this is no McDonald's).  I am a first-generation Japanese American and I've lived in Japan, so I think I am a credible source when it comes to recommending Japanese restaurants.  True, as some other reviewers have said, this place isn't authentically Japanese or Korean.  It doesn't claim to be authentic - it's a "fusion" of Japanese and Korean foods.  Moyashi, or bean sprouts, are a commonly used item in ramen, so I don't find it unusual that it "overwhelmed" the ramen; the only problem I could foresee is using too much (since this would cheapen the dish and make it seem like the store is trying to cheat you out of meat) or overcooking it, since overcooked bean sprouts are a culinary faux-pas.

I've ordered the spicy ramen, and though lacking in flavor, I found it to be passable.  The spiciness gives a strange after taste, but the broth would be bland otherwise.  The pork slice was pretty good and the sliced egg and greens that accompanied it weren't overcooked, so that's a plus.  The soba salad with ginger dressing is a nice light dish I often order, especially since it is summer now.  

I also like the spicy tuna roll and salmon roll on the sushi menu.  I don't like Californian rolls very much because I'm not a huge fan of raw avocado (somehow I only like it as a paste in guacamole), which is why I opt for the two rolls I mentioned above, which come with just cucumber.  The rice isn't too mushy (this is the problem that most sushi houses have) and is adequately firm.  The fried gyoza and grilled gyoza are also acceptable and they come in three kinds: shrimp, pork, or veggie.  I recommend pork.

The place is self-serve for the most part, except a waitress usually brings your food to the table on a tray if you eat in - during busier hours you get a buzzer for your food.  The bibimbap is not too tasty but I didn't get the hot clay pot kind, which may be better.  The bento boxes are also acceptable but are overwhelmed with "filler" items such as edamame pieces which were probably frozen and cost next to nothing to prepare.  I also find it somewhat insulting that one of the items in the box was a softened piece of carrot - be a little more creative and put a little more effort in, please!

The bottled teas are authentically Japanese (they are presumably manufactured in a Japanese food factory in L.A. and shipped over here) though on the pricey end.  The water in the self-serve tub is lukewarm and not cold, but it's complimentary.

I haven't had the dessert here, but they only offer one item: green tea ice cream.  

Would I go back?  Yes, since I find very few (read: no) other good Japanese restaurants in West Philly.  Again, I emphasize the operative word here: EDIBLE.

Service: B
Taste: B

Tata!
Okay.  I've read other reviews and I want to say some common sense stuff up front:

* Its fast food folks.  Relatively healthy and plated in a very appealing fashion...but still, fast food.  Please stop comparing it to a "dinner out" establishments...although I will say it exceeds the quality of a good deal of  what passes for east-asian inspired food in Philly...but I digress...

*  the folks complaining about the sushi...you mean you went to a fast food joint with no sushi chef...and you expected something bordering on the spectacular?  Come on...really?  Who are you people?

Now.  If you go in, look around, discover you're in a fast food place and judge accordingly, this place is a gem.  Some things are better than others, surely, but the overall quality of the menu is quite fabulous for Philadelphia.  Bibimbap...my favorite.  Rice bowls and bento boxes...generally yummy.  I love the way they plate the food...veggies are always fresh looking and appealing.  A few things on the menu exceed one's expectations given the modesty of the place...the fresh tuna bibimbap, for example, is truly inspired.  

So go.  Order, and enjoy.
Tampopo? More like TamPOO-POO. This place is disgusting. If you're thinking about ordering from here, think again. Upon opening my take out container the room was immediately filled with an unidentifiable stench. After force feeding myself in order to get my ten dollar's worth (not a good value),  my stomach was writing in pain. I would rather starve than ever order from Tampopo again. Save yourself the heartache and stay far away from this establishment.
This is where I go when I don't feel like cooking or ordering pizzas. Their curry udon is amazing. Bibimbap is good too. Note that they take Visa and Master cards only. I once walked in with a Discover card only and had to go back to grad another card.
Tampopo has a very basic inexpensive decor. You order at the counter and the give you a pager that buzzes when you order is done. They a a few specials that are good values for the money. I chose the Bento box with the inari special(4 inari for $3.50) They didn't have any suaces(including soy) except for a spicy sauce(pretty good) which is unusual for an asian restaurant My bento box(spicy hot tofu) was well prepared and presented. My broccoli was cooked perfectly, the curry potato gyoza was light and crispy, the baby carrots were fresh and crunchy The rice was nicely sticky with good texture. The tofu wasn't as hot and spicy as I wanted but that's typical nowadays from all the `Oh I want my food REALLY spicy' people who then cry when they get something with four turns of the pepper mill There is free water from a water dispenser if you dont care for any of their cold drinks
I used to live on 43rd Spruce. This place was like my own kitchen because I went there almost everyday except for Monday since they are closed on Monday. Overall their food is above average, and they have the BEST curry chicken katsu in Philadelphia, period. If you ever find a place making better curry chicken katsu, please please let me know.
No it's not the best sushi/Japanese food I've ever had, but I do like their no frills inexpensive approach to serving this cuisine.  You order at a counter and can seat yourself, plus it's BYOB!  Service was friendly.  My girlfriend and I shared the "diamond roll" ($11) - 6 pieces each of spicy tuna and avocado sushi - and the vegetable and fried egg bi-bim-bob ($7.50). The rolls were small, perhaps not worth the expense, but tasty.  The "BBB" was affordable and aesthetically presented.  It comes with your choice of white or brown rice (though they were out of brown at the late hour we went), bok choy, carrots, zucchini, etc. and the fried egg.  It is served with a sweet/hot sauce that went well with it.  Overall, though I thought the sushi was a little expensive for what you get, I would return to try other items.
It was ok. Nothing spectacular. I had he rainbow roll and there was nothing wrong with it. It was huge, and the fish was ok. The rice was super good sweet sushi rice. We also had the gyoza. Again, nothing special. I've had those same gyoza at other restaurants. Overall it was ok. I wish the sushi menu was larger.
After a  successful  thriftin' expedition ,   I decided  it was time to try bibimbap ( hot stone ) some where  other  than Giwa.  I have only eaten at Tampopo 3  one other time - to try their ramen noodle soup with pork ( tasty).  My  second time  for bibimbap was good, not great.   I like the way they  presented  my bibimbag with a raw egg on top that cooked as  the bowl steamed and sputtered.   The   sauce  on the side which I mixed in was good but Giwa 's sauce is better.  When I got to the  climax of my dish ( the crispy rice on the bottom), it just wasn't as good  as Giwa ( maybe  they  use a different oil   in the bowl.  It was decent bibimbap but it wasn't orgasmic like Giwa.  

Service is also kind of lacking here.   The people  seemed  very happy at Giwa and made me feel comfortable there.
Also because this is University City, parking is tough.  I had to park  3 blocks away.
Note: I would give this place a 2.5 if I could. It was hard to put it at a two, but I justify my decision below.

I finally went to Tampopo for lunch today, after deciding that I missed Japanese-style ramen enough to give this place a try. I called ahead to see if the place was open, because from the other reviews here I could tell that the place was not doing particularly well. When I called to inquire about lunch specials, I was flatly told "No." 

In my experience, it's better to divert attention to potential options on the menu rather than "No." While that was offputting, I decided to check out the restaurant anyway because I missed those noodles.

Note: I have had Japanese-style ramen both in South Korea and in Japan. I tried to see Tampopo's fare from both American-Japanese standards and Asian-Japanese standards. Hence, the 2.5 if I could. If I was going solely with American-Japanese standards than I would have given the place a 3.

I dined in and had a hot green tea while waiting for my noodles. I did not think that the interior was as "cold" as others have mentioned. There was a cute chopstick sculpture at the cashier's table. 

The noodles were reasonably fast to arrive and I sat near the window which provided a nice view of the street.

All of the ingredients were there, but something about their mixture did not taste quite right. I was disappointed that there was only 1 of many items (one-half of an egg, one piece of beef, one piece of seaweed, one piece of fish cake).

The price was just over $10, so that is reasonable given the high prices at some places for Japanese fare.

In summary, why I chose 2/5 instead of 3/5:
Expectations from having this dish in Korea and Japan.
I ordered the Tampopo ramen. I expect a namesake to be better.
Only 1 of many items.

If I choose to go back sometime then I will try something else and perhaps re-review! I hope this review is helpful.
I echo the sentiment of others that this place is just plain okay.

There really isn't anything special about it, though it may be slightly pricey. The sushi is fine, though a little too large. You're supposed to be able to eat a piece in one bite, right? Not here. The rice bowls are fine, though I can get way better Korean at Koreana.

It's just really convenient, being located around the corner from my apartment.
I have a general rule of thumb when I go to Korean/Japanese restaurants.  If I look in, and I don't see people that look like me, I don't go in.  It has worked through my life in NY and Philly.  I will never break that cardinal rule ever again.  

I saw this place close to home, and in desperation of wanting to have a Korean place closer to home that was decent, I went in.  I should have stayed out.  If you have never had authentic Korean, and by authentic, I mean a Korean friend of yours took you there and said this is the best place ever, then, this place is ok.  the food was fresh and not bad.  the servings were very small for what you would normally get at a korean restaurant for the same price, the flavor was OK.  just not Korean.  I got bi bim bop, which is a fried rice sort of thing, and was given chopsticks to eat it on a nice brown plastic tray.  just so you folks know, Koreans don't eat Rice with chopsticks, its considered bad manners.  we have spoons contrary to popular belief.  It seems like white people think it's cool to eat rice with chopsticks. My wife tries to eat rice with a chopstick but i think it's for the challenge or she is adverse to eating at a normal pace; but that's an aside.  the food is not bad, if you are looking for a fair place to eat that is a bit different from what you are used to.  Its a self service type of place, kind of like Koreana on chestnut.  but Koreana is at least a bit more authentic.  The guy selling the stuff speaks Korean. 

If you have had authentic Korean food, then, this place will be a disappointment because it lacks the different flavors of authentic korean food, like the different spices that go in the food.  Or the side dishes you get with the food for the same price you pay at Tampopo.  Bi-bim-bop goes for 7-8 bucks at other Korean restaurants, but you get table service and side dishes.  At Tampopo for 8, you get a plastic tray and a chopstick to eat your rice.  Walk two more blocks to the El, get off at 69th street, walk another 3 blocks, and you have good authentic Korean food.
The Hot Stone Bulgogi is AMAZING!!! I've been to Tampopo maybe 5 times and every single time I had the hot stone bulgogi because I don't want to regret ordering something else when I could've had the hot stone bulgogi! Heard the Ramen noodles are pretty good too. The only reason I don't give it a 5-star is the price (I'd probably give it a 4.5) - even though not super expensive, maybe it's a bit more than other places ($~13 including tax). It tastes much better than what it looks like in the picture. The place itself is ok, nothing special. Service is friendly.  If it were closer to my house, I would probably go to Tampopo more often!
As a long-term resident of West Philly, I cheered Tampopo's opening on what was then a pretty uninteresting block.  To everybody's delight, the block is now wonderful with Honest Tom's, the L'il Pop Shop, and Local 44.  Tampopo, once cheered, is a real anomaly, and we're aghast that the owners do not get it.
The food is over salted and lackluster.  We often go there under duress (Tom's is closed, Mizu is too far to walk). The ramen is mediocre; the bento boxes seem to be leftovers.  And above all, the ladies who take orders are ATROCIOUS.  They're surly, downright rude (remember, I've been going there since it opened, and the service is predictably HORRENDOUS), and the staff seem actively to despise their customers.  That these counter personnel are in their 20s and native speakers makes one wonder what their gripe is.  This is a friendly 'hood that supports its restaurants.  So, Tampopo:  do try harder to be NICE (friendly, helpful, welcoming).  Work on the food (fresher, tastier, less salt and MSG, maybe).  It's good for the soul.  It's good for business.  And do visit a few of the neighborhood restaurants to see how to do it better.
I got the bibimbap with beef but I felt like it was over priced at 9.72 with tax for the size that they gave. Whatever kind of protein you got was a dollar more except the egg which was an additional 50 cents. My friend got the green tea ice cream which she said was really good. I might go back and try the ice cream. The restaurant was also relatively quiet for 530pm. It was only my friend and me sitting in the restaurant. I think takeout is more popular than dining in.
Cheap, casual and fast Japanese/Korean eatery serving all types of food from ramen to bulgogi to sushi. Great for groups because it's BYOB and has a wide variety of menu options.

You order and pay in the front (no need to tip) and they bring out the food to you in a bit. I got the bulgogi stone pot special which was just okay. It came with white or brown rice but my bulgogi was also mixed with vermicelli. The curry udon and kimchi fried rice are quite spicy - beware!

Right next to lil pop shop if you'd like to satisfy a desert craving :)
I seriously do not understand why my friends always rave about Tampopo. I grew up on Japanese food. And let me tell you, this is not Japanese food. I would give it 2.5 stars.

I have a had a number of dishes at Tampopo because I somehow get dragged there by others. They are all sub-par. The ramen is probably the worst ramen I have gotten at a restaurant. The curry bowl and chicken katsu bowl are also not that great (they are not terrible though). People seem to love the bibimbap, but I really didn't care for it.

The main appeal for me of Tampopo is that it is affordable and offers good value. Also, it is right next to Little Pop Shop, so you can pop in there for a nice little dessert.
This is more me expressing my slight disappointment than a negative review. I still love their food.

Since Tampopo delivers, I thought they would allow me to take out my order of noodles. I would have gone for ramen, soba, or udon. Sadly, they do not allow take out for them because the "noodles are too delicate".

"But I don't care, I'm on the run and I just want to eat it and know how good it is in-person," I said.

They still declined. I give them credit for maintaining the integrity of their reputation, but really disappointed.

Their website also claims you can ask for the noodle-soups mild, but they also declined and said that the broth is already made and they don't make mild. I wouldn't have asked if I hadn't seen it on the website!
Tampopo is Japanese for "dandelion," which actually makes perfect sense since compared to any other respectable noodle joint in the city, this place is a gaudy weed.

The menu is incredibly bland, unadventureous, and uninteresting.  I ordered the boldest thing on the menu I could find, which was the Tampopo spicy ramen.  It was overcooked, overspiced, and definitely overpriced.  You would think that the only dish named after the establishment would be a crowd pleaser.  I mean, they put their name on it!

I hope you like white rice, because that's exactly the type of bland gaijin customers and staff you'll find here.   Eating sushi does not make you an honorary Asian.  The very least you could do is to learn how to use chopsticks instead of acting so indignant when you don't immediately receive a knife and fork with your meal.

I can understand the appeal though.  It's a safe choice to eat if you're a smug west philly yuppie looking for some trendy Asian fusion cuisine.  Just don't ever call it an authentic cultural experience... especially when it's barely edible.
Meh, I think I need to try something different here. My last Kimchi rice bowl was just ok...really no texture or flavors to balance out the heat. The dumplings were SO small...$16 later I was still hungry.  Cranky service as well. Still a solid choice in the neighborhood, but my last visit was disappointing.
Would have given 4 stars If I were a non-korean; 3 stars given because I am korean. haha.

To explain, the food here is decently priced & there really isn't anything wrong with the dish -- in fact, I think it's pretty darn tasty for what it is -- so I would have given this place four stars...

BUT! here's the catch. Because I know how real Korean food tastes like, the slight alteration (perhaps an american fusion twist of sort?) which may include an addition of an ingredient or two, makes it taste kinda... cheesy (no not literally cheesy but weird, eh, it's alright but odd kinda cheesy lol). 

For example, they have a dish called Tuna (or Salmon) bibimbap. Koreans wouldn't normally add mayo as part of the sauce but I think they do here. Another example, their Kimchi Tofu dish is like a stir fry of a lot of red pepper paste and sugar or something. I don't know. It's definitely a fusion of... something. I would know because I tend to do the same when I'm trying to cook korean food at home and have nonkorean ingredients in my fridge. 

Anyway, that's why I give this place 3 stars. It may be an unfair rating for some, but considering where I come from... I can't help but give it 3 stars... 

Also, please note that I haven't mentioned anything about their sushi because I haven't tried them. The 3 stars is really just for their korean part of their menu!
Craving Korean food in West Philly leaves you with limited options, and while Tampopo is definitely not the bulgolgi or pandan I really want, it's a good fix.  They do deliver fast throughout West Philadelphia (not just University City) and their food is reliable.  

Typically, I get the bibimbap (of course with egg and beef) and kimchi.  Both are good versions of the originals- but if you're truly craving the real deal, make a trip to the real deal.

I think they are a bit overpriced for what they serve but it's a nice change from heavier food options in the neighborhood.
Okay ramen and not very good sushi.  Come here only if you are not very picky about your ramen.  Skip the rolls and fish.
My fiance and I came here for a late lunch around 3-4pm-ish, and the ambiance is nice. The restaurant's got a clean, rustic look with a pretty holiday tree to greet you as you first walk in. Beware of the step right at the door... Of course, I was the clumsy one to trip, but I'm alive!

Even though the service and the atmosphere was totally fine, I'm sorry to say that I'm just not a fan of the food. They've got a decent menu with lots of great Korean and Japanese dishes and I was SO excited, but honestly in my opinion, the cook on a couple dishes we ordered weren't done any justice.

Garlic soy Korean fried chicken: Batter was too thick, not enough sauce on the chicken so it tasted bland... and now I know why boned chicken is much better than boneless: the meat gets a bit tough and dry in the middle.

Meat broth ramen: Not bad... but I'm so spoiled by ramen at Terakawa. The hard boiled egg was overcooked, so I got a black rim around the yolk. But it was the meat that was the biggest disappointment. $9 for one piece of dry, tough, overcooked pork. The meat is ramen is suppose to be incredibly tender and this was just far from it. HOWEVER, the broth is quite tasty! It could do with more pork-bone simmering, but the flavor's still there. And the noodles were also good and cooked to the right texture.

Stone bowl bulgogi: This dish has vermicelli noodles, beef, and soup in the stone bowl and you get rice on the side. I guess I've experienced bulgogi dolsot a completely different way (where it's beef on top of crispy rice), so it definitely was just different...but there's nothing wrong with that. My fiance said the flavor was alright. So really, no complaints here.

Overall, service is incredibly nice and patient, restaurant's clean and welcoming... but I think the food has some room for improvement.
After walking by a few times my boyfriend and I decided to give this little hole in the wall a try. The staff was friendly, our food was prepared quickly and the price was excellent considering the amount of food we were given. We ordered two rice bowls, which were both good, though my boyfriend's chicken bowl was slightly over salted (though he still enjoyed it enough to finish it all). We will definitely come again when we're in the area and in need of a quick, cheap bite. 

Also, I love that to cut down on waste they encourage you to bring your own bowl when ordering take out-they'll even give you a small discount for doing so!
In the words of my friend who joined me for dinner, Tam-no-no. 

I wanted to like my food, but couldn't deny the bland, mushy brown rice I had with my Chicken Katsu. The chicken was soggy and it appeared my rice was floating in liquid. The food wasn't seasoned well and just was unremarkable overall. My friend's food was the opposite - too dry. I did like my fried dumplings, but it's a shame I paid more for my entree and just didn't really like that at all. I got a little to-go box for my soggy chicken and went on my way.
After reading all of the less than enthusiastic reviews for this place, my initial excitement  from discovering how close this place is to me dwindled. 

At first glance Tampopo3 isn't anything impressive, its kinda located in the middle of nowhere on a random street in West Philly. The decor is plain and simple. If people are expecting great service and elaborate/intricate decor then they are going to be disappointed. This place is about a step up from a food vending machine. You order, pay, eat, and leave. 

Since I was craving Japanese and all of the other Japanese places in West Philly suck, I decided to make the trip. I ordered the Curry Katsu and it was surprisingly good. The curry tasted a bit generic, but not exactly bad, the katsu was fresh and crunchy and seasoned a lot better than other places I have been to. It was kind of expensive at 8 dollars a bowl, but it is a nice change of pace from the usual fare offered in that area.
Didn't live up to the hype. I decided to grab one of their rice bowls per the recommendations of reviewers and one of my friends. Suffice to say, I was sorely disappointed.

The meat was great - seasoned, marinated, grilled very well. The rest - not so much. My bowl was served to me with a simple scoop of brown rice and two pieces of plain, cold broccoli. While the portion was plentiful, the quality was subpar. If I'm shelling out $7.50 for a dish, I expect for there to be something far better than I could have done at home. 

I will not be returning here again.
Tampopo serves average, does-the-job, Asian (mostly Korean and Japanese) food. I go to Tampopo relatively often given its proximity to Penn's campus, but if I didn't live so close, I probably wouldn't go.

I usually get the bibimbap with chicken. It's pretty good, but I feel like it's missing something. Maybe it's not quite spicy enough? I'm not sure. I also usually get their dumplings, which are pretty good. I've also tried their soba noodle salad, which was surprisingly large, and also tasty. 

There isn't waiter service here, instead, you order ahead, and then take the photo to a table and serve yourself water. This is fine, but the people at the counter are usually pretty rude/cold. They respond aggressively to questions and in general aren't very warm. Ambiance as a whole is really just nothing to comment on.

If you're in the vicinity, you should maybe come here. But there are better food options in the area!
The food here is extremely mediocre. What's worse-than-mediocre are the high prices for small portions of this mediocre food. This would be expected at a fancy establishment, but this is far from a gourmet restaurant: the setup here is more like an Asian fast food place. 

Also, if you order something like chicken teriyaki, they throw in a single bonus piece of broccoli. Is it garnish? Am I supposed to eat it? Why isn't there more? What a tease. 

We like to call this place Tam-poop-o.
Both of my experiences with Tampopo were underwhelming. The food seems to lack seasoning and they are stingy on the sauces. My spicy tofu rice bowl was rather bland - white rice with steamed vegetables and a few pieces of tofu. Thank the lord for Sriracha! On my second attempted, I had a bento box, and let's just say Ben-NO. 

They seemed to do good business, so maybe I'm just ordering the wrong things. The atmosphere is also nice and it's byob, which is always a plus.
Tampopo is probably a little underrated typical as a spot to eat off Penn's campus. I always get the chicken bibimbob with egg here and what I like is that it always tastes fresh. It tastes as if it is prepared fresh every time it is ordered - and moreso I love that it is a huge sustenative for an incredibly reasonable price. The staff is friendly in helping you pick what you want. It's a great lunch spot!
I've ordered the Bibibimbap and Spicy Pork Hot Stone Pot over rice from here - while the flavors themselves aren't that bad, I find the meats are often quite dry. Especially with the pork hot stone pot, the meat felt rather tough after many bites.

The low rating is mainly due to the fact that there are a number of better Korean restaurants nearby with much better alternatives and hot stone pots. Also, Tampopo's menu is quite limited in comparison to these restaurants.
I have been eating at Tampopo for over 10 years, first in Center City now out west. I have never been disappointed. Great comfort food. Special plug for the spicy chicken bowl and the spicy soba salad, which are fantastic. Here's hoping they make it through COVID ok.
Good food, quiet atmosphere, reasonably priced, minimal service.
I feel like this place is more hip and less traditional than other Korean places near campus. You get cooler bowls, smarter portions, and more fancily decorated dishes. Also the speed of service is just as fast and just as courteous. 

I got their veggie bowl and the brown rice was rather sweet as well as savory, sort of like barbeque sauce. I'd definitely recommend picking a protein topping because (1) the veggies themselves are sprouts and carrots and bok choi, which aren't very soft or satisfying on their own, and (2) their chicken is flavored wonderfully and I highly recommend!
Tampopo has unique dishes, but they're so unique I have trouble ordering.  It's never taken me longer to order than when I look at the Tampopo menu.  The following words (found on the menu) do not even conjure an inkling of a known word in my vocabulary: katsu, gyu, unagi, bibimbob, yakisoba, japchae, and donburi.  More pictures on the menu would help draw more customers who are anxious about trying new food and ordering new dishes.  I know it's been a barrier for me in the past.
Menu aside, Tampopo has some of the healthiest freshest food in West Philly.  It always leaves me feeling refreshed and ready to do stuff instead of tiring me out and making me feel like a blob.  I had the sushi a while ago and remember it being very good.  Fresh fish, not too much rice, and so on.  Today I had the Curry Chicken Katsu.  It  had curry potatoes and carrots with onions over breaded fried chicken over a lot of rice.  At Tampopo you always have a choice of white or brown rice.  It was only slightly spicy and a little unhealthy, but overall very satisfying.  And overall a place that leads me to think that women enjoy it more than men.
They're a BYO. They have katsudon - that's a fried cutlets of your choice of meat over a bowl of rice and warm broth - which to me is like quintessential Asian comfort food for when you're sick, or even when you're not. They're also cheap.

All the same, I can't think of a single dish here that I really makes me think "Man, I gotta go to Tampopo and get me some ______." 

I've tried their sushi, their katsudon, their ramen. It's alright, but it lacks a certain flair that I need in my Asian food to keep me coming back. Especially in this town, where we have a respectable Chinatown, Viet town, Cambodia town, and two - yes, two - Korea towns.

Anyway, Tampopo's alright. If you need some quick food and would like to bring a few bottles of beer to go with it, you can't really go wrong.
Tampopo is one of my go to lunch spots in University City. Great for dine in and delivery. The bento box is only $9-10 depending on which meat you get and provides enough food for 2 days lunch. The chicken and hot chicken are my favorite. Hot chicken is mildly spicy and both have really good flavor. Bento box also includes rice, a salad, edamame, a fried potato ball (not too sure what's in it, but it's good), and a choice of side. My favorite side is surprisingly the egg cake as I am not big on seaweed salad. The dumplings are done right and great for sharing.
My girlfriend has so many options near her apartment in Ucity. This place is one of her spots. I hear the service is good, but we had to do carryout #covid. 

I enjoyed the kimbap and udon stir fry. The stir fry was flavorful and saucy. The rice underneath the chicken katsu was mushy, and the katsu became soggy. However, I can't blame them for the sogginess because it's in a takeout container. I would come back and try out their options.
