Wow the tamales here are probably the best I've ever had in the U.S. We came here on Christmas day, looking for a delicious Mexican restaurant that was open during the holidays. When we walked in, we were immediately seated and served tortilla chips with green and red salsa. We ordered four tamales first, which were made of pork and red sauce. They were so delicious and appetizing! I'm from LA and they have a ton of Mexican restaurants there but the tamales here are just so much better. 

We also ordered a bunch of other food since we were hungry. First, the steak quesadilla was great and it had a ton of cheese and steak inside. It was topped with lettuce, sour cream, and pico de gallo. The cubano sandwich was awesome and super flavorful. It had breaded fried chicken, eggs with sausage, ham, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, and avocados. It's a gigantic sandwich that can easily feed two people. Last but not least, I got the sopes (two pork and one beef), which were topped with lettuce, cheese, sour cream and more. All the dishes here are very traditional and authentic, and it totally satisfied my love of Mexican food!
You have to love a place that can put 3 awesome tacos on a plate for 6 bucks.  Personally, there is a special spot in my heart for these kinds of establishments.

The ambiance here pretty much defines casual.  You walk in, grab a menu yourself, order from the window and sit down while your food is prepared.  The chips and salsa come out and the salsa verde has both flavor and a kick.  It's a little addictive.

I grab the al pastor, chorizo and beef.  You simply can't find stuff this good in most other places.  Squeeze of fresh lime and I am in Mexican street food heaven.

You leave, with part of your meal saved for breakfast the next day (everyone has tacos for breakfast right?) and your wallet is only slightly lighter.  Sounds like a win win to me.
Ok, maybe I am just not getting it. The food was mediocre. The decor was nil. Our server seemed incredibly distracted. I will give them one star for trying to and having a different menu then the typical Mexican place. But there were two incidents that will make me never go back. 
1 - our server picked up the dirty, dripping wet, front door mat, took it outside, beat against the railing and then brought it back inside and laid it back down into the same dirty puddle it was originally in. She then went back to serving food and working in the kitchen without washing her hands. Check please!
2 - server number two picking up trash & trash can in bathroom and once again returning to serving food without washing hands. 
I will admit I am a bit of a clean freak but seriously this was gross. 

So in short my first visit shall also be my last.
ERRR did I really just find frozen veggies mix in my burrito.... and a slice of Kraft cheese (unmelted). WHERE THE HECK IS MEXICAN FOOD in Philly??! I'd rather go to Qdoba than this wannabe. At least you know it's not meant to be authentic there....

Oh how I miss California!! :(
Ummmm. So I have no idea how I live two blocks away and I never knew this place existed. 

WELL I HAVE BEEN ENLIGHTENED. And thank god for that, or something.

I get burrito cravings sporadically. Pretty much whenever I hear the word "burrito" which is a lot more often than you'd think. 

So last night while I'm checking out facebook, a friend mentioned going to get Mexican food and I felt like a junkie that needed a fix. A burrito fix. 

So I get here. Order my burrito. AND. IT. IS. HUGE. Seriously! Biggest burrito I may have ever seen in my life. I couldn't finish it! And it came out SO fast. 

I also want to bathe in a pool of their salsa verde.
FINALLY! I found my favorite TACO SPOT in Philadelphia (for now at least) !!

It's about freakin' time! Out of all days for me to have a TACO I chose the day of the Italian Festival on a hot Saturday afternoon. Let's be honest here..who wants freakin' Italian Food on a HOT SUMMER DAY?! (Not this chick)

$6 Dollars for 3 Authentic Mexican Taco's in a clean & laid back hole in the wall...SIGN ME THE FREAK UP!!!!

I adored the Chorizo, Pork & Steak Taco's (including the toppings)! YUM

Now, my Husband may not have been crazy about the cilantro, fresh onions or the overall taste of these Taco's but then again we are talking about a man who was DEVASTATED when CHI CHI's closed down. (Love you sweetie-pie)

If your into TEX MEX then I suggest you head your rump over to Mexican Post in Old City (Yuckkity Yuck) !
Okay food; horrendous service.

We walked in to a half empty restaurant. I made eye contact with no less than three people (two of whom were not doing anything but standing around), and none of them showed us to a table. I debated quickly if I wanted to walk out, but I was hungry. Finally, one of the ladies looked up again, rearranged her face into an expression of welcome, and showed us to a table.

Five minutes later, another lady came by, wiped our table down (you would think they did this before we sat down, but no), and gave us menus. I ordered the choriqueso so I could compare it to El Jarocho's version (same ingredients, btw). Husband ordered three tacos filled with pork and pineapple. We also ordered two glasses of Horchata.

Horchata was...eeks. It lacked that milky flavor and tasted like oversugared water with some cinnamon. We both drank about 1/3 of our glasses and didn't touch them again. 

Our food came out and it was just okay. It's the kind of food that would be good at 2am when you're drunk and are looking for any open place, if you know what I mean. El Jarocho's choriqueso wins, hands down. The pork tacos would have been good if there weren't so many dang onions on it. I like onions and all, but each bite was like eating a whole mouthful.

I tried to order sodas to replace the Horchata, but it took FIFTEEN MINUTES to flag someone down. They just kept walking on the other side of the room, like they were avoiding us or something. When I finally flagged someone down, she gave me this look like she had better things to do.

Bottom line: I don't think I'll come back here. Food is passable, but the service was sooo bad. Stick to El Jarocho; the food is better and the service is fantastic.
Veracruzana is a good taqueria, it's just not set-up at all to do take out. I stopped in yesterday on a Carshare deadline to pick up some tacos to go. It wasn't the wait that bothered me so much - they were busy - it was that, if you're not at a table, there is no place to stand without being directly in someone's way. Perhaps the large front table (by the pick-up window could be moved back, or removed? Food is obviously a better deal if you eat in, and get to experience the chips and two salsas (no chips with take out orders). 

Also - not their fault- Oaxaca isn't my favorite region for food. As a vegetarian, their food comes out heavy on the rice, and VERY light on the beans (also, sadly, no black beans. It's just not the style). I do love the slices of fresh avocado instead of guac, both salsas (rojo and verder) have a great level of spice and flavor and the food is certainly authentic, but if you don't eat the meat, you'll likely feel underwhelmed.
how was this seriously not the first place I ever reviewed? This place needs another awesome review like it needs a lesson on how to make the best smoky salsa/sauce ever.. but there's no way I could have an account here and not tell people this is my favorite place in the city. 

Soo, this is my favorite place in the city! Seriously, if I could go anywhere in Philly, it would probably be here. I don't live in the city, yet make frequent trips to the italian market simply to have a meal at this place. The food is fantastic: it takes mere minutes to arrive at your table, yet because you can see into the incredibly tiny kitchen you know that everything is fresh and made to order. It's super cheap and delicious, and I've never finished more than half of my plate without needing a second stomach. The place can only hold probably less than ten four-top tables, and there is generally only one or two servers there so your glass may not always be full. Great place for lunch as it's incredibly quick and you can be stuffed to the brim for less than ten bucks.

There are over a hundred reviews here about the tacos, so what I want to tell you is: don't get the tacos! They are good, but why not spend a few more dollars and get the tastiest plates everrrr. The specialties are really where it's at here. The camarones veracruzana style (shrimp with sauteed onions, mushrooms and peppers) and the camarones chipotle are the best dishes ever. You get approximately 58 shrimp with your dish every time. The rice is also amazing; it's always super fluffy and tasty, and they also add some potatoes and green beans and other veggies. But if you come on sunday, get the barbecued lamb (only served Sundays)! It's so tender and flavorful.

Service is getting better every time I go. You might have to beg for a second glass of water, but they're all very friendly and eager to help. The restaurant is BYOB and two doors down is a super sketchy store that sells domestic 6 packs for around 7 bucks.

Is there anything else I can possibly tell you to get your butt down to this place?
Another one of those real deal Mexican joints I need to get back to, especially since every time that I go my palate usually finds itself awash in spiciness and fresh Horchata!

With the exception of maybe El Zarape, Veracruzana is the spot that I normally find most aesthetically pleasing to dine inside of, especially with the rustic feel and interesting photgraphs. the little bit of outside seating that they have can be a plus too.

the menu yields a great variety of things to chose from, although the 3 taco deal is a pretty hard to pass up; since you can choose from Al Pastor, marianted steak, chicken, chorizo, and then some. But the real deal is the rellenos tacos which pack a serious punch. Bonus points also go to the free helping of tortilla chips that they bring out with the mild to wild salsas!
I was not impressed.

The bad: The horchata tasted like straight sugar water and was way too sweet. It was like the Kern's stuff you could buy at the grocery store. I was sad, because I've almost taken good horchata for granted.

Service was lacking. It was like we were lepers or had boils on our faces, it was like they went out of their way to not help us. Weird. 

The "okay": My tacos al pastor were actually okay, but after a while, all I tasted was onions and it wasn't as good as I thought. I'll bet I was just hungry....I hate that self-deception that goes on.

The good: My wife's choriqueso was actually pretty good (the few bites that I had). They also had Mexican Coke! That's always a plus in book. 

All in all, I was not thrilled about anything served. Again, I've yet to find a good replacement for California Mexican food, and I was hopeful when I came across this little hole in the wall along Washington Ave. Maybe I should just give up and just wait until I'm back home. In the spirit of Yelp, the quest continues!
I used to go to Veracruzana a lot and their food was fantastic. It was a perfect spot for cheap and awesome Mexican food. However, the past few times I've been there (at least most recent 3-4 visits), the food was really lacking. 

The steak and chicken are dried out, fatty, and bland. The chorizo and stuffed jalapenos are good, but only because they are tasty ingredients on their own and have little to do with the cooking method. If you start asking for water immediately when you walk in, you might get it about halfway through the meal (maybe). 

The atmosphere is divey but that doesn't bother me at all - one of my favorite places to eat Mexican is a table at the back of a grocery store. The food is not good anymore, and that's all that matters.
High hopes, high hopes. I had heard amazing things about this place so on my recent trip to Philly I had to try some tacos. 

1 chicken: Dry, boring.
1 carnitas: tender and moist, but lacking flavor. 
1 al pastor: Dry, boring. 

I tried my companion's enchiladas, in a smokey red sauce, and they were pretty good, but being that we were at a taqueria I really expected more from the tacos. The tortilleria near where I live offers up flavor sensations for the same price, and I don't need to go to Philly. 

They get major points for having excellent tortilla chips and two salsas (A cilantro/tomatillo based green sauce and a rich chipotle concoction). I am so tired of the watery shit I usually get.
Everything in my first review holds true: the salsa's here are spicy and smoky and fresh. My favorite red salsa has changed recipe a tad, but still delicious. The food is amazing, and I love that the prices have not changed at all. The hours are still awesome, open early and closed late. They have not changed any old menu items or taken any away, yet they have added new additions that complement their high end specialities (aka 10-15 dollars) and low end casual fare (6-8 dollars). 

The reason for updating is to tell you how they have updated their service. Over the past few years, they have hired a few new servers that are just as super nice as the ones who worked here previously. But service has been getting faster and better each time. Very friendly, very bilingual, and I don't have to beg quite as hard for a glass of water. 

But hey, when are you going to open one in the burbs? Please??
A great tacqueria with much more than just tacos (though that's what we ended up getting)! They serve free chips with two types of delicious salsa (green and red). Tacos are big, come in an order of three, and all for a super affordable price of $7-9! My chorizo tacos were slightly too oily, but super tasty. And the S.O. loved his beef tongue tacos.

Also, the staff was incredibly friendly, and we were served in no time.
mmmm.. taco's....mmmmm

I adore the pork and pineapple. The sauce knocks me over, so good. They chips are warm.
Not the hottest service I have ever gotten but they do okay.

Prices could be a little better but that green sauce keeps me comin back for more.
I placed a carryout order and got the 3 taco special for $7. Well, if you mix and match different kinds of tacos they charge you an extra $1 so I paid $8 because I got 1 chicken and 2 steak. All three tacos were loaded up with lots of meat so that was definitely a plus. The grilled steak tacos were good but I felt they could've used a little more seasoning in the meat. The Taco de Pollo Guisado was yummy and I think it  had more flavor to it than the Steak ones. I guess since they stewed the chicken in tomato sauce it really soaked up all the spices in the chicken because it had a nice little spice to it that made it delicious. I also tasted the Carnitas one and the meat was delicious in those too. Next time I will probably order the Carnitas instead of the steak ones. The grilled steak ones weren't dry or anything but the Carnitas and Chicken ones were just tastier and juicier. They give you a red sauce that is super spicy so be careful and taste it first before you put it all over your tacos. The green sauce was spicy but not like the red one. The 2 tortillas that the tacos are served on are good and thick but I only ate 1 of them because I really didn't think it was necessary to eat both of them. 
    One because I'm trying not to eat a whole lot of carbs.
    Two because I had 3 tacos to eat so I didn't wanna get too full.
     Three because I think one tortilla was thick enough to hold all the meat and stuff. (Btw one did the job just fine.)
   The girls that worked there were all nice and the food was good so I wouldn't mind coming back to try some other things on their menu like their breakfast plates because I'm sure they're good too. Oh yeah and there's also a cool Latin market next door that looked like it had a lot of cool Latin American products and stuff that I'm gonna have to check out next time too.
Just awesome! Read my Cantina review. I basically ask you to leave the Cantina and come here for the real thing. Just sublime, wholesome, kick-ass burritos and other authentic delights. Complete with a boutique next door selling all kinds of Latin American Christian art, candles, etc. Please while shopping around the Italian Market make your way here for lunch or whatever. You won't be disappointed, or at least I wasn't ever.
I love the Taqueria! I went last night and remembered why. Although the ambience is lacking, aforementioned by other reviewers, the food makes up for it. Burritos as big as biceps! Fresh guacamole! Chips and salsa! Jarritos! if you're in South Philly and looking for a cheap, filling, quality meal, look no further.
Like most broke college students, I am always looking for good cheap eats. 
This is not one of them. 

Tonight I made the poor decision of choosing Veracruzana over my long time favorite, El Jarocho. But, feeling adventurous I ordered the vegetarian burrito from Vera. First off, I am full aware that most of the more authentic taquerias do not cater to vegetarians, but I am almost always able to find something nice and cheesy instead. I got my burrito expecting some wonderful mix of rice beans and of course, cheese. And here is where I found the worst disappointment: a few folded up lumps of american cheese. AMERICAN CHEESE?!?!

The burrito was worth far less than the $7 I paid for it. It always irks me that these places never lower the price for veggie items or substitutions, when it is quite obvious that it costs much less to make.

I am sticking to El Jarocho and their real, fresh, and wonderfully tasty cheeses.
Finally, some good Mexican food in Philly!  After hearing about this place from multiple friends tired of hearing me whine about the lack of Mexican food around here, I sucked it up and went on a rainy night for the much-vaunted taco deal.  My selections: Bistec Asado, Al Pastor with pineapple, and Carnitas.

The hot, golden-browned corn tortillas were generously stuffed with meat and topped with only onion, lime, and cilantro, as they should be.  All were good, but Al Pastor was a standout.  Flavorfully spiced and tender, the meat was perfectly accompanied by the warm pineapple spears tucked in with it.  

Another customer recommended the chicken quesadilla, which seems like a very gringo-riffic order, but maybe I'll try it next time...
This place has become a staple in my weekend diet.  The tacos and quesadillas are both amazing (go for the quesadillas if you want tacos but with cheese and extra fixings).  To be adventurous and stray from my usual order of chicken tacos (although delicious and still my go-to order), I had the mexican sausage quesadillas this past weekend.  Really good and just enough spice!  As other posters have said, the staff primarily speaks Spanish, but we have never had an issue with getting orders wrong or not being able to communicate.  BYOB (solidifies my love)!
Hands down my favorite taco stop in Philly.  I cant imagine stopping at the other places in the area, all of which are less generous.  The chips with two great salsas are brought out even if you only order the 3 tacos for $6!  That and a glass of water is a hell of a (quick) meal for ...did I mention it was only $6!? yeah.. I might've.  I suppose I should branch out and try their other stuff but damn, I love those tacos, especially the el pastor, though one time in a hurry I just said pork and they came with fresh scallions and herbs on top and it was easy enough to forget all about the pineapple chunks, though I love em.

Sharing this with friends makes me understand a little what it was like to be a missionary.
The best tacos in South Philly! Their sauce is delicious and made fresh daily! The tacos are 3 for $8 and you get a generous amount of vegetables with the tacos (cactus, scallion bulb, radish, lime). I usually get the bistec asado  (steak) and campechanos  (pork and steak) tacos. The Pollo  (chicken) steak is not as flavorful and tends to be dryer. Love the tacos here and the hours are even better! They open late night after most businesses are closed!
It's a taqueria people, so go and eat the tacos.  I've been going here for years, and it's still good.  Complimentary chips with two different hot sauces, both excellent.  Again, get the tacos - you get 3 delish tacos on corn tortillas (it's gotta be corn tortillas) with just onions and cilantro as toppings, as they do in mexico.  

You should also get the beans and rice, as they have some of the best and creamy refried beans in the area.  But this plate is so huge, it could be an entire meal.  It's BYOB too, which is handy.  It's basically an extremely bright flourescent lit takeout place with some tables. Good food, plenty of it, and cheap.
My roomate is constantly raving about the breakfasts she gets from here and I thought it'd be a perfect place to take my bf who loves ordering  mexican style dishes at brunch.We made it there by 12, but they stopped serving the breakfast menu already.  

Unfazed, we pushed on and ordered quesadillas (which are actually more like just tacos with cheese in them and some toppings than what you would normallly think a quesadilla is) and the $3 side order of rice and beans to split.

Free chips greeted us first along with some flavorful salsas.

The qusesas. of which we got carnitas, tacos al pastor, and chorizo were fantastic.  Meat was cooked really well and had really good flavors.  The rice and beans were super tasty, actually my favorite part about the meal (and the cheapest too!)

I still prefer El Jarocho, but this place is cheap and it's also good.  I like the atmosphere inside as well.  The also serve some great mexican coffee! I'd definitely come back by the looks of all the other dishes coming out of the kitchen and of course to try the breakfasts!
I went to dinner there the weekend after Thanksgiving, with a friend of mine.  Said friend had lived in San Antonio and Denver -- places with a significant population of Mexicans and of good Mexican restaurants -- and was doubtful that we would find good Mexican in Philadelphia.  However, I proved him wrong.

I ordered the Parillada Norteña and it was phenomenal. Beef, chorizo, chicken, cactus and onions grilled to smoky perfection and topped with cheese.  The flavors are full of cumin, chili and lime and cut through the rich flavors of the grilled meats. My friend had the Choriqueso and really enjoyed it too. 

I'm glad to read that folks find this place as good as I do.
Five stars if you order the right stuff. Three stars if you don't. Hence the four star rating.

DO order the chicken or beef tacos. They are filling but not in the way that puts you in an irrecoverable food coma. You will need to use the lime slices they give you to reach the proper taste experience. Otherwise, they are light enough that they can come off as lacking flavor.

DO order the chips & guacamole. The chips are made on site and are crisp and tasty on their own. Then add the heaven that is Taqueria's guac for a nearly religious experience.

DON'T order the burritos. To this day I'm baffled, but they just aren't that good. 

Overall, the food is solid and the pricing is reasonable. The best part is they're open most nights till 12am.
[1/6/07 Update: several friends have recommended I go back and get tacos instead, so I will give this place another shot. But for real, don't get the burrito.]


I don't have time to write a full review, but just avoid this place. I had a burrito, but it was like a burrito hoagie, and horrible. 

$7, no chips included, gristly beef, american cheese, whole tomato and onion pieces (NOT salsa!) and some random chunks of avocado. 

No real Mexican taqueria should make overpriced Chipotle and Qdobo look like bargains, and yet Veracruza does just that.
Not only is this place the only Mexican restaurant my cousins who have lived in Philly their entire life... the place they'll eat for Mexican.....

But it's become my go-to place being a new Philly resident. The prices are affordable and quite reasonable... But more importantly the food is extremely legit. So good. So fresh. And that green salsa is just something you always have to ask extra for and try to pack into your pockets cause you want to take some home so you can pour it all over some leftovers of the extra orders you made for "take-out".....

That's EXTRA orders from what you've already consumed  at the restaurant that you have to have for lunch the rest of the week. It's THAT good.

If you haven't been, go. If you have been, you know what I'm talking about.
This place is amazing. I typically do take out, but the place itself -- including the ambiance and service would be a solid four stars too. It's the food that stands out, though.

First off this is the city's best guacamole!!!!!! The chips might be a tad greasy (because they are fresh out of the fryer), but they still taste damn fine, and the guac is that perfect blend of salty/creamy avocado. I fill up on that maybe a bit too often...As for entree, I'm a fajitas or burrito girl, and their burritos are unsurpassable. Forget that Qdoba white rice stuff; this is luscious, spiced/marinated rice with corn, potatoes and other veggies blended in it. Cheese comes with, though I often go without. The doughy yummy wrapping is outstanding and chewy-lovely. And the meat -- chicken for  me -- is never gristle-y or icky. Fajitas are maybe greasy, but the grease makes it taste so good I almost don't care. (Note here, though, that fajitas come with corn not flour tortillas, and I think the flour are best and that the steak might be a bit fatty.)
Taqueria Veracruzanna used to be my absolute favorite. Lately my meals here have been lackluster at best. 

The quality of the ingredients must have gone down or they are too busy and the food especially the beans and rice have gone way down hill.

The waitstaff is really slow and you may die of thirst waiting for your beverage, especially if you just order water.

Go to El Jarocho, or any other awesome place in the area.
This place is pleasant enough when you want to kick it with friends and have tons of time to kill (it could take an hour to get three fucking tacos) with some BYO bevs.  The food's decent enough, but don't expect it to rock your world, unless you truly are a whiter shade of pale.  Either that or they refuse to give me the good stuff because I'm a gringa extraordinaire.  I think campechango tacos are a pretty good (the best) bet, although the Alhambre platter looked like something that would keep me warm at night when my next boyfriend dumps me.

I know I sound kind of "meh" about the place, but Mexican food is like my favorite thing in the world, and since I can't be with the (taqueria) one I love, I'll love the one I'm with!
OK I  think I just cheated on my wife with this spot,  and she was looking at my reactions. What can I say she is Mexican from Tampico and her style is very similar to Veracruzana. 

We were in S. Philly  getting some things done and decided to go in . I have tried plenty of Mexican joints and nothing,  I mean NOTHING compares to this.  The Pico Di Gallo and Guacamole mixed together, that fresh taste WOW ! Their chips with salsas' they make GOOD LORD!  Homemade salsa, in the red and green that are served to you is fresh, not from a jar in this place. It had enough spices to knock out a bull running towards you,  that's how much I enjoyed this.

Tacos were amazing, 3 soft shell were amazing with the freshly made tortilla! 3 filled beauties for $6.00, yes you read it right.The Carnita's so rich in flavor, juicy, flavors in the pork was just outstanding. I really don't know how to explain this it was that good. I wish I could explain this in sound effects, but this is a Rated G site. I don't want to offend anyone , but yea , it was that good.

I saw you can also order chorizo taco's and / or mixed in their burritos. (which also looked unreal)   Yelpers I had to do it,  I didn't care the look I got from my wife at the time I was eating it.  I assume it was my sound my wife was hearing every time I had taken a bite. The best thing also it is not expensive, not at all, it was almost like we were stealing. For an added treat, order some of their Horchata which we got, refreshing, sweet and down right good.

The service was slow, but they were busy so I can't knock that too much. Our waitress was very friendly and my wife enjoyed talking to her in their native tongue. I do understand Spanish, and yes she said I was gonna get an ear full back home.
 
I know we have to come back in this area again, and I know at least I will be coming back in here for their burritos, and more of that Salsa.. If the wifey wants to join I won't stop her.
AMAZING. My team placed a large order for 35 people, lots of tacos and burritos (complementary chips!). We didn't have a good experience with the previous restaurants that we've tried getting our food from, getting us worried about placing any large orders. But Taqueria La Veracruzana was EXCELLENT, they blew our minds away! The food was superior, clean, fresh and the STAFF couldn't be any better. They were super organized, kind, honestly, it was worth every penny. They do deliver to University City, so people at Penn/Drexel, if you guys are looking for a place to get a large order of authentic Mexican food, THIS IS THE PLACE!! I am really disappointed that I couldn't take any pictures (just because I was too excited about eating) but we will be ordering again! THANK YOU SO MUCH TAQUERIA LA VERACRUZANA
So this review may be a little one-sided or biased, BUT it is my experience and I must be honest.

My friends and I ordered pick up from here because they have had food from here and found it amazing. I ordered a chicken burrito - unimpressed! What is the big hype? Do I need to try other items on the menu? Do I give it another chance. The flavors did nothing to excite me, felt like something I could make in my own kitchen. I understand a lot of people on here consider this authentic Mexican but I've had all types of Mexican food far and wide and this wasn't half as good as others.

I will try it once more just because my friends find it amazing.
Better than El Jaracho! Delicious tacos de jalapeno rellanos and the best Cubana torta (which is my main choice at these joints) in town. Delicious and moist breaded steak, great omelet, wonderfully toasted bread. And huge! Great execution and more affordable than most places. Recommended big time.
So my roommate Ashley's and my quest to eat at every Mexican place in South Philly is going very well. Someone had recommended this place to her this week so obvi we had to see what the fuss was about. This might be in the lead for best steak tacos. The meat was chopped a little bigger than El Zarrappe and Los Gallos. The limes were very juicy too. I hate when you go to squeeze a lime and its so dried out that not one drop of juice comes out- major bummer. 

We also tried the fried cheese stuffed jalepeno tacos- OMG SPICY but amazingggg. It just doesn't get better than melted queso fresco stuffed into a whole jalepeno, fried and then put on a corn tortilla with cilantro. I'll definitely be ordering from here again!
Taqueria La Veracruzana serves up great Mexican food at a stellar value!

I met my friend here for dinner after work last night, and we couldn't have been happier with our meal. I arrived first, and was immediately provided menus and glasses of water. Complimentary tortilla chips and house made salsa (green is spicy, red is chipotle) arrived at the same time as my friend. We both decided that we needed the al pastor burrito. When the server took our order, I requested a side of verde sauce, and she was really accommodating. She offered to have the sauce placed on top (which is what I really wanted), and add sour cream and cheese as well. Even with the add-ons to my burrito (+$3), our dinner bill was still under $20! To top it all off, the food arrived within ten minutes.

There is plenty of seating within the restaurant, but TLV does a booming business in take-out for those lucky Philadelphians who live nearby (or who are willing to drive, I suppose).
They take credit card. Very clean restaurant with a wide array of options: plates, burritos, tacos, tortas, soup, and dessert. Dine-in includes chips with salsa. I had friends that frequently ordered the enchiladas from here (both green and red sauce) and they are delicious. Warm, gooey, and enchilada sauce made from scratch. Additionally, their tacos are large, and both the lengua and bistec a la parilla were solid. If you're craving soup, their seafood soup is delicious.
I used to go here all the time about 10 years ago, but then the quality of the food started slipping, so I stayed away for a long time. I went back for dinner last night, and was glad to see that Veracruzana has regained its former standards, and boy am I happy to know it!

Veracruzana is good again! And good lord, what a value...the portions are huge! 

Chips were very fresh, the table salsas were both really good: The red had chipotle smokiness, the green had cilantro brightness.

We ordered sopes as an appetizer, which are thick, puffy corn tortillas piled high with meat (we chose carnitas - which were moist, tender, not too fatty, and deeply porky), refried beans, shredded lettuce, queso fresco, crema, and diced tomatoes. These came 3 to an order, and one order would have been enough for dinner, but...

Then came the chicken enchiladas. Enormous platters of enchiladas! My husband got the mole, which was thick, deep, rich, and slightly sweet, but not cloying. I got the verde, which was bright and tangy with tomatillos, and had a nice jalapeno kick to it. The enchiladas were served with rice and beans...the rice was pretty basic, but perfectly serviceable and fresh. The beans were creamy and velvety smooth, but not too runny. I really love good refried beans, and these were delicious in their simplicity. 

We did not order tacos this time around, but based on our food last night, we will definitely go back again for tacos. I was really happy that they seem to have regained their standard of quality!
Once upon a time, this was the best mexican in Philly.  

A few years back when south philly was not full of taquerias, this place was the king.  But as the years have gone by they have gotten sloppy.  The burritos went from using authentic spicy meats with unbelieveable sauce and delicious grilled onions and peppers to now using what appears to be kraft american singles for the cheese along with some peas and carrots type veggies that look like they came out of a can.  

That said, the fajitas are still good and and the salsas are pretty phenomenal, but if your looking for the best mexican food, go to El Jarocho.  They are what this place used to be.
Best Mexican food BYOB in the city, really is... I've tried them all. Their salsa for nachos are authentically spicy, and even though they no longer make their own chips, they're still tasty. 

The Flank steak is amaaazing, and the cactus is ACTUALLY good, opposed to other mexian food in the area. Their service can be a bit slow sometimes. I eat here a lot and one time in particular, they totally forgot to put our order in, we watched as three groups came in after us and received their food. 

We told them to forget it, we were leaving, they were very apologetic, and gave us our 50$ meal for free, asking us to please come back as they recognized us as regular customers. 

This place has won me over with charm and great food, no question it is the most delicious and authentic Mexican in the city!
Food was flavorful & the prices were decent for the amount of food you get. We had an order of the steak tacos, an order of the shredded chicken tacos & an order of rice & beans. 
The service was terrible. We went on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't busy, maybe 3 tables apart from us and there were 2 servers working the floor.
Our server was more concerned with whatever was going on in the kitchen & outside than taking our order, serving the water we requested, getting our bill together or getting change requested.
the wait staff is intensely attentive and friendly...the food portions are huge...i got a quesadilla brimming with shrimp,  lots of lettuce and some kind of  thick cheese....maybe goat...i have no idea...the presentation was nice but the meal was really bland and tasteless...i took most of my meal home and tried to doctor it up with what i had in my frig including some paul newman's salsa to no avail....i did get dessert and the flan was pretty good...
I'm debating getting a transfusion of Veracruzana's green salsa in place of my blood, so whenever I'm hungry I can just slice myself open and feast.

Okay, gross, I know, but that's how devoted I am to this spicy nectar of the gods that the good folks at Veracruzana bring to your table at the outset. The red chipotle-based salsa is also delicious --spicy and smoky-- and just a notch below the green. And the chips, they are fresh, hot, right out of the fryer. Terrible for you, but oh so good.

I usually get the trio of tacos (on soft corn tortillas). The chicken's usually moist, with diced raw onion, cilantro, and plenty of lime on the side. The pork is always tasty, if fatty (in that wonderful pork fat kinda way); the chile relleno tacos are gooey and spicy and delicious, too. I did get a burrito during one visit, but it wasn't so great --too ricey, and had a slice of American cheese inside (this should never happen). Still, the reliably great tacos make up for this one misstep.

One star knocked off for the so-so service ... it's hard to get a glass of water after the chips come, which could be rough if you're not prepared for the spiciness of the salsas (they're not brain-melting, but the heat'll get ya if you're not anticipating it), and things can be a bit slow, even when they're not super busy in the dining room (though they do a lot of takeout business, to be fair).

But the food is great and super-authentic tasting, and it's definitely cheap eats.

The gentleman who comes in with his acoustic guitar every so often to serenade the restaurant with "Sweet Caroline," sung in Spanish, is a true Philly icon. Consider yourself lucky if you're eating here when he arrives. 

And I'd probably travel several hundred miles if I had to for the green salsa, even with these high gas prices. 

I'll keep you posted about the transfusion.
I love anything authentic Mexican, and this is pretty close. The tacos are excellent street style - just meat, onions/cilantro, and lime. The tacos al pastor could use a slice of pineapple (update: they added a slice of pineapple!). Steak and chicken aren't bad, but go for al pastor, the hands-down best option on the menu.

Update: The burritos here are also good, more like 4 star quality. I say this because they use refried beans which aren't the greatest, and the rice is good but not great. Still sticking with 5 stars overall because, let's face it, it's all about the tacos.
Veracruzana holds a special place in my heart as one of the best Mexican restaurants in South Philly (El Jarocho is a close second). The interior is cute and quaint - the tables are lined with Mexican tile and there are a few TVs that usually have a soccer game on.

Best things on the menu are definitely the enchiladas verdes and any of the Alambres. The portions are generous, even for takeout or delivery - where most restaurants tend to scam you. Be sure to try the red and green salsas. They have a kick, but the smokiness of the roja and the bright, fresh flavors of the salsa verde are unbeatable!
I don't know if it's what I ordered or what but my shrimp burrito was not very good. I covered it in the salsa that was brought to me with the tortilla chips and still had to shake a little salt on top. The burrito had very small shrimp, lettuce, avocado, plainly sliced tomato, refried beans and white American cheese (which I've never seen a Mexican restaurant use).
Taqueria Veracruzana has friendly service and large potions, but the food is forgettable.  

The chips were cold and tasted packaged and flavorless although they were plentiful. Thankfully, the red and green salsas were pretty good.  The red one had a little heat to it and the green one was thicker and a little tangy.  The horchata was watery and lacked flavor.  I didn't finish it and regretted ordering it.  

I asked about some of the sauces for the enchiladas and ended up ordering the chicken Enchiladas Morelianas due to the guajillo sauce which is a salsa made with red long chilis.  The sauce was really red and looked beautiful on the plate.  It was a little bit bitter and slightly smokey, but very mild.  However, the chicken inside of the tortillas was very dry.  Thankfully there was a lot of red sauce with it.  The enchiladas were topped with lettuce, cream, and crumbled cheese.  The beans that came on the side were very lackluster and not very hot temperature wise.  I didn't finish them. My husband had the enchiladas with mole sauce.  I personally thought the mole was too sweet, but it didn't seem to bother him.  

My meal was only $8.00 before tax and tip, which was pretty cheap.  Service was prompt and friendly.  However, El Jarocho down the road has much better food, and I'd rather pay a few more bucks for something way more tasty.
I'm not just giving this place 4-stars because I'm a HUGE fan of BYOBS. The service is awesome. Showing up with six friends (without reservations) has to be a headache for a busy joint like this.That being said, our party was urged to come in and the staff happily pulled some extra tables and chairs together for all of us. The meals were great too! I think our group tried just about everything, between the seven of us, and everyone left fat and happy! The warm vibes of family-owned restaurants like Taqueria Veracruzana keep bringing me back to South Philadelphia.
the mexicans i work with are split down the middle as to which is better veracruzana or plaza garibaldi but i love veracruz! i go here all the time, the jalapenos rellanos are my all time fave and on sundays they do a bar-b-q lamb which is huge, cheap, and so tender they might as well not even bring you a knife. i wish there were more stars to rate this place even higher. also you can buy a cheap sixer of beer two stores away and enjoy it with your meal. gringos y mexicanos side by side!
Stumbled on this lovely little restaurant
  Hibiscus juice, guava juice and a lengua burrito!  Delicious, filling and the waitress was delightful!
I've gone here countless times. (actually if I counted it, it might be 3 or 4). 

I've had the burritos, which are pretty large and usually variations of the 3 taco combo. All were double tortilla'd for no leakage and delicious. I've had the carne asada, chicken, pork, and stuffed jalapeno (not spicy).

As we usually go in groups, we tend to get the beans and guacamole plate with some chips to go along with the 2 salsas, green and red. Their salsas are just ok, but I enjoy the guacamole immensely.

The decor is cute and the service is supremely nice.
I don't know what it is, but every time I leave the Flyers game (I'm a season ticket holder) I want tacos! And this is the place I usually visit. They stay open later than most taco joints in the area, and they are my personal favorite. I love the atmosphere - the spanish music playing in the background, the slightly divey atmophere, the warm and welcoming staff. I always feel comfortable being here.

I always get the tacos al pastor when I visit. There's really no reason not to. I have had al pastor all over the city, and I think this is the best one I've had. The balance of pineapple to savory deliciousness is perfect, and the meat is very tender with a few crispy bits here and there. It's absolutely delicious and satisfying, the price is super reasonable, and the portions are very generous. I also love the complimentary chips and salsas that come out while you wait. Pro tip: the chipotle salsa is absolutely amazing on the tacos al pastor!

I am a loyal patron of Taqueria La Veracruzana, and you should be, too!
Great tacos, great price. Service is a bit slow even for the non gringos. Everything is probably seasoned and lots of flavor. Veracruzana shrimp is a big plate enough for two with some tacos. Get the Mexican glass bottle coke.
Veracruzana holds it down for Mexican south of Washington. I prefer to just swing through and grab some food to go because those florescent lights will make you insane. Not the best place for a first date, but great for regular-ass eatin.

- Large burritos packed with amazing things which makes them worth $7.00.
- Beer next door for you to BYO with.
- Tacos aren't much more than meat, cilantro and onions but it think are tasty and best when you eat them there.
- Price is reasonable for what you get and they don't serve margaritas which will keep your bill from doubling.
- Lighting that will bring out every blemish you could ever have.
- Open late!
I absolutely love their breakfasts!  Just try everything it's great and super cheap like breakfast is always like $6-8!  The vegetarian burrito is eh but it's a good dry burrito if i'm in the mood for something that's not a complete gooey mess.  Also pineapple jarritos mmm
Really excellent hole in the wall Mexican but delivers in quality and and value! Everything is good. Anything ordered with chicken comes with pulled tender moist white breast meat. Pot beans are outstanding. Enchiladas are the way to go. The chips and salsa are all home made. If you like flan this is the place to get it. Surly to disinterested service and it's not pretty. It's been around a while. It's always busy. But it is cheap and Bueno! By the way I own a house in Mexico so I don't eat It much up here . I'm spoiled. But this is worth the trip.
I'm super in love.

Sometimes the best places aren't the cutest. I'll be the first to admit that I was a tad skeptical about walking in here to get a burrito, but I had heard such great things I had to check it out.

Vegetarian burritos usually leave me wanting more, not here. They're so big and overfilled, uh, they're perfect. Plus, it's only 7.00!

The chips and salsa's are banging.

They'll put your beers on ice.

They're the nicest people.

JUST GO.
The Salsas. I loves them. I could drink them. Some days they are reason enough to come. With fresh, still warm bubbly chips. My bf and I inevitably try to deconstruct the ingredients every visit, never agreeing. And then plot how we could smuggle a gallon of it out without anyone noticing.

But the tacos are really damn great, though the pork was a bit fatty, the chorizo a bit greasy, but damn they tasted good... just roll me in pork fat goodness. Chile Relleno tacos - resounding YES. Everyone says "Al Pastor is KING!", but I still haven't tried them!

The burritos are rather gibundously huge. They are decent, but the distribution of fillings is a bit skewed toward rice mountain. And I do get the feeling there is a slice of american cheese in it. But they do hit the spot.

The service is a little hit or miss, I generally find it hard to get a glass of water from anyone, ever. The ambiance is non-existent. But that is not why I go. Great tacos, great salsa and chips. And I inexplicably always have a carrot orange juice because I love it. Also the guy who comes in and sings Sweet Caroline en español among other hits, he is almost as special as the tacos.
My second time coming to this place. Small little BYOB. Seat yourself if there's open tables or else you'll be standing for a while. I ordered the Bistec Ranchero. The steak was very tough, although the Mexican sauce was delicious. The entree's portions were generous. The rice milk is very good.  Our waitress only came around once to check on us after our meal was delivered. We eventually had to eye one of the waiter's down to get their attention and get our check. It seems as though the don't have many cooks and the waitresses help out in the kitchen in between taking orders. The lighting was a bit too much for me on a Saturday night. No background music. Other than that, the food was inexpensive and yummy.
Tacos.  Carnitas.  They can occasionally be a little fatty but they put in so much meat that you can pick it out if you happen to not like chunks of animal fat.  Often it is not an issue.  The stuffed chili taco and the chicken are also very good.  Cheap, fast, and delicious.  Recently had the carnitas torta and it was surprisingly good.  I had always stuck to the tacos because I figured nothing else could be that good.
The only good things that this place makes are as follows:

1.) Their nachos
2.) Their salsa
3.) Chicken tacos

I have never... EVER eaten in any restaurant where the food that I just took a bite of actually made me GAG. Once I ordered a taco platter with three different kinds of tacos and the only one I enjoyed was the chicken. The steak taco that I ordered was so rough it reminded me of eating some dude's leather jacket and I couldn't take any more than one bite. The beef taco was absolutely horrendous and I couldn't even get the first bite down without my gag reflex kicking in. Now, you may be thinking, "This lady is probably into Americanized Mexican." That's not the case at all. I actually prefer authentic over Americanized. I've eaten tons of authentic Mexican food and I must say that the Taqueria's is the absolute worst. Go for the chips n' salsa, then go home and make your own tacos that will taste a billion times better than theirs.
Like a visit to the halls of Montezuma, without the revenge. 

I admit. I'm a Mexican food snob. Living in San Diego will do that to you, because nobody goes for fast food when  your favorite burrito place is down the street. Taqueria Veracruzana would do just as well in Chula Vista as South Philly.

Veracruzana is the best down-home, neighborhood Mexican food in town. 
  
Huge portions! The carnitas tacos are fantastic, and a quesadilla is an entire meal in itself.  Red and green salsas are spicy and flavorful. Rellenos are generously stuffed with cheese and not overly greasy. Try the seafood soup if you're there on a weekend. Excelente! 

Extra kudos to this place, because they'll deliver way across town if you put together a good-sized order for the office.
Great food.  Awesome chips and salsa!  Guac is extra but delicious.  Pineapple pork tacos are my favorite.  Only $6!  

Don't be deceived by the outside appearance or location.  It will be well worth it.
I was super excited when a friend recommended Taqueria Veracruzana as a place for legit Mexican food.  I've been looking for cheaper and more authentic options in the city, and so far this is the best I've seen.  

We tried their tacos Al Pastor (pork and pineapple) and the shredded chicken quesadilla, and both were delicious.  

The pork tacos/Tacos Al Pastor were served on really good corn tortillas, as they should be, with tasty pork, pineapples and onion.  The menu said that they would be spicy, but I was pleasantly surprised - they were flavorful, but not too too spicy.  I generally like to be able to taste all the flavors of the main ingredients (like the pork and pineapple, here), instead of being overpowered by hot sauce.  This was definitely my favorite out of the two!

Just as an FYI, the quesadillas aren't what Americans consider quesadillas (with the filling sandwiched between two tortillas and then grilled).  Instead, these quesadillas were open, much like tacos.  The filling was quite tasty - shredded chicken on the inside and covered with shredded lettuce, tomatoes and a creamy white sauce that had a kick to it.  Loved it!  This was a more unique tortilla-wrapped dish, but I personally preferred the simpler tacos.  I definitely would love to try their other tacos and quesadillas.

Another unexpected plus, the service was great - our server was attentive, friendly and helpful.   It's always nice to find somewhere that is cheap but has good service, a clean environment and of course delicious food.  CHEAP food, good QUALITY and great SERVICE.  Five stars all around!
Veracruzana has been around for years, but this is the first time I have been here to dine in. I have done take outs before, and my husband has been here couple of times and really enjoyed it. It is in an Italian Market neighbourhood where it is quickly becoming partial Mexican neighbourhood. Parking is street parking so you may have to drive around for a while and few blocks. Veracruzana is not a big restaurant so I was pleasantly surprised there were couple of empty tables around 7:30pm on Sunday evening. Maybe because it was pouring rain not many people wanted to come out. 

Enough Yelpers recommended Choriqueso so that's what I ordered. I liked the flavour and it definitely was a comfort food - wonderfully flavoured rice, beans, various stir fried meat (beef, chorizo, and chicken) and cactus with cheese; it comes with couple of soft tortillas so you can wrap some meat in it. The entree was so big I split it with my husband. My daughter ordered al pastor burritos and she really liked it. You get full pretty fast because you also get a complimentary tortilla and 2 different types of sauces. It's really addictive! 

The service was pretty fast, and friendly enough. We were fortunate enough to come when they weren't that busy, so definitely time when you go there (based on what other reviewers are saying). Also, if you are not used to driving around the Italian Market section just be patient and drive around to find a legitimate parking spot. I go to this area very often so I don't mind parking few blocks (even a mile away) and just walk around to get my errands done. Around here you can find good Mexican bakeries, Asian markets, and other cool and useful places!
As taquerias go, this is a top 1% kind of place. I've been going here for at least 6 years, and I've driven out of my way several times just for the experience. As more people have discovered this place, the service has actually gotten better. 

Everything is traditional style mexican. You can stick with the standard taco or burrito if you want and it's fantastic. But, you should at least try a few things on the entree menu, because I haven't had anything yet that wasn't great. Last time through I had a dish that was a mixed grill of steak, chorizo and chicken with cactus and other vegatables. I'm always amazed at how well they do chicken, because it's bland at a lot of mexican joints.

It's BYOB, and there's a beer place next door. They're open until midnight, so any time is a good time to go.
Living in Mexico city for 3 years made me particularly snobby about mexican food. I know how hard it is to find quality mexican food in the US without the american/ Tex mex influence. Having said that, the food at this place was highly recommended to me by several friends who I considered well versed on the foody way. The location of the place just served to further get me excited about eating there, its in the middle of little mexico in south Philly. Sadly I was wrong. The food was a great disappointment for both me and my friend who tagged along for the experience.

 The food was stale and not very tasty. Their beans where disappointing and their carne asada was far from tender. The torta did not taste like a torta at all but like a sandwich on a torta bread, the american cheese they used for this plate was not what I expected at all. Who uses american cheese on a torta mexicana? The food did have a homemade feel to it yet still managed not to taste like traditional mexican food does.

 If you want real mexican food in Philly Go to Don Memos for overall greatness, to La Lupe for good mexican Tortas or to Las Bugambilias for decent Mole.
I've been here a couple more times despite what I said about El Jarocho nearby I really like this place. I've been getting chorizo quesadillas and tres leches cake. The quesadillas look a bit different than what I would expect, but I love the cheese? What it is? Is it oaxaca? I don't know. But hey... the cake is really the deal. Each time I was told they didn't have it and then I find out that they get it from a little market right across the parking lot. I want to check that market myself and take some home, but I'm usually too full by the time I get out of there. I'm just trying not to explode.

One gripe I have is that last time they didn't have fresh chips... err... they came from a bag. And the guacamole was spicy as hell (moreso than usual). Ok... 2 gripes, but still it's good eating for $10.

PRO-TIP: Get a gulp from 7-Eleven down the street... single... double... whatever... unless you like Mexican soda or you bring alcohol from the deli in the other direction.

PRO-TIP No2: The service can be awkward, but attentive. That's just the nature of the place.
They have the best tacos I've had in Philadelphia.  To top that off, they immediately serve two large bowls of deliciously spicey sauces with tortilla chips.  Their entrees are excellent, initially the cost seems a bit high until you realize how ginormous the portions are, easily providing for at least two full meals.

Perfect for a late night craving and imported Coca Cola.  Horchata is a bit on the sweet side.  I have never had a problem with delivery when I'm not in the mood for bright fluorescent lights and a futbol game in the background.  It always hits the spot.
Don't listen to the gringo who got the burrito.

This place has good tacos.    Get pork carnitas or tacos al pastor and you'll be eating like a real Mexican.
I come here when I want some authentic Mexican food.  I always want to eat everything in here, but I know ordering the tacos would be more reasonable.  I order the three tacos for $6.  If I want some serious spice, I order the Jalapenos Rellenos taco.  Trust me, this taco is not for the timid! Then I pair it with the Bistek Steak and Pollo tacos.  
This place doesn't have a fancy atmosphere, but it doesn't need to because it has delicious food.
It's BYOB and finding beer is this area isn't hard.
This place was introduced to me by a friend from South America. When it comes to Latin american food, I trust the opinions of my South American friends who are here as immigrants.  They can tell me if the food is authentic or not. 
When you first walk in its pretty small but clean. Its decorated in traditional Mexican festive decor. They start you off with freshly made chips and dips. The dips are a bit spicy for me, but I hate spice,  so take that with a grain of salt. 
We ordered guacamole and it was really delicious. I enjoyed it very much. 
I ordered the grilled chicken quesadilla which was unlike any quesadilla I'd ever had. It was flat or filled with american cheeses. It was like three soft chicken tacos filled with chicken and cheese top with lettuce, tomato and green peppers. 
While not what I'm used to, it was absolutely delicious I will say that. 
I would definitely order this again. 
My friend ordered the tacos carnitas, which she said were great. 
The pricing was very fair and there was enough food that I was able to take a little home. 
Location: on Washington and 9th near Italian Market. Very easy to miss if you don't know what you're looking for. The clientele seemed to be mostly locals. 
It was very welcoming and comfortable.
I've had my fair share of bad tacos and good tacos, and I suppose this taqueria falls somewhere in between.  Despite their expansive menu, I ordered 3 simple tacos:  carnitas, pollo, and chorizo.  They must have been unextraordinary because I only remember slightly enjoying the carnitas.  The pollo must have been too dry and the chorizo must have been drowning in fat.  But props to them for preparing the tacos with the perfect corn tortillas found across the street at Tortilleria San Roman.
The reviews here typify what is wrong with Yelp, that is is skewed way over to the hipster side of the scale.  There are people on here giving this 5 stars.  Have they been to El Vez or Distrito???
The place is good, great even as far as the value.  They are way cheap.  I'm not snobbing.  My favorite of this genre was El Zarape before they closed.  They were pretty decent.  This place has mushy guacamole with no lime or cilantro.  My cheese & onion enchiladas where all cheese, with a few strands of onion strewn on top.
But they are next to the Italian Market and inexpensive.  And you can bring your own Coronas, er, I mean Belgian Summer Ale. ;)
The little ladies from Veracruz sure know how to make a taco.

Yep. This place has all the ingredients for a place I love. Never crowded, BYO, amazing tacos. What's not to love?

Well, casual reader whom I do not want to ruin my dining experience at TLV, for one, they don't have valet parking. And no one will be impressed with how much money you spend here. You should go somewhere very chic and expensive where I will never run into you, because Taqueria La Veracruzana isn't for you.

It's for me, ya heard? They're all mine. All of the tacos. So stay away.
Veracruz styled tacos. Not bad.

I usually get the al pastor here. For some reason, it is always hit or miss for me here and never consistent. It is not a good thing when the food is inconsistent. Al pastor is my favorite too. However, this doesn't take away from the restaurant. Still pretty good.

Service here was great. Nice waitresses and awesome service. They didn't interrupt when we ate and we were comfortable.

4/5 stars for me and I do recommend checking these guys out.
Went here for a quick lunch upon recommendation from a friend. I'll preface with the fact that I'm simply not a huge fan of Mexican food but I was pretty happy with my meal.

Got 3 tacos -- they have plenty to choose from: chicken, steak, chorizo stuffed jalapenos to name a few. I was also surprised with being presented with a cup of some tortilla soup. All in all it was delicious for an insanely cheap price of $6.

Can't wait to go back and try out one of their sandwiches or perhaps a platter of some kind. They've got a breakfast menu and some weekend-only specials as well.

Oh, also as I dined I a waitress walk by with probably the damned hugest burrito I had ever seen in my mortal existence. Holy moly, I swear I think the burrito that I saw probably gives birth to what others might consider large burritos. The thing was the size of a medium dog.

Simply just a good neighborhood, low-key Mexican restaurant. And you can also get food to go, which is great.

If you're driving, there's a reasonably affordable lot right next door.
With the beautiful weather outside, I decided to take a trip to the Italian Market.  My mom was in town, and she decided to join me.  When we met up, I told her the first stop was tacos, and we walked over to Veracruzana.  I went with 3 tacos al pastor and they were awesome, very juicy and flavorful, with slices of pineapple.  $6 for three amazing tacos!  The chips were lacking in salt, but the green salsa was amazing.  We shared a side of rice and beans which was also pretty tasty.  My mom went with the steak in her tacos, and she commented that it was a little dry.  I had the horchata too which was great, not too sweet.  Service was pretty quick, but it took a long time to get the check after we finished eating.  There are a lot of options on the menu, and although it will be hard to get something else besides the tacos, there are a lot of things I'd like to try, and my mom wants to go back too.
4.5 stars
Holy mother of mexican goodness!!!!

This was damn good stuff. I got three tacos, one pork and pineapple, one steak, and one chicken.  I munched on the FREE chips while my order was being made. Man that salsa is the best and the freshest I've had in a long long time. The chips were pretty good too, though I seem to have gotten a slightly over baked batch which tended to crumble in mid bite. Still, a much better problem to have than eating some machine made piece of garbage. The salsa was hot too. And I"m not talking some weenie Tostitos/Chi Chi's salsa hot. This was the kind of hot where your sinuses started opening up.  Where you are reaching for the water to quench the fire that is  burning on your tongue. Or if you are an experienced eater, washing it down with horchata(Very smooth, creamy and full of cinnamon. Kudos TV!)

The tacos came out piping hot. So hot that I was blowing on them while I ate. The chicken was probably my least favorite. It was tender, but didn't have much flavor to it. The steak and pork and pineapple made up for it. Both were excellent. I think the people around me got a little worried because I was nodding my head and saying mmmmmm mmmm mmmm too much. 

The total for all of this: 8.50.

My only beef was that the service was a little slow. It was pretty crowded with multiple member families. Still I did have to wait for my check and had to flag down the waitress twice.  I may have to start carrying semaphore flags at this rate. Oy ve.

So far, the best Mexican I've had in Philly. Next stop El Jarocho. !!!
We ventured here during our week of all Mexican food. We didn't plan it as such, but we can't get enough of fresh ingredients and simple eating. 

This place is a true gem. Meal started with some free chips and salsa. The salsa verde was tangy and packed some heat to it; so good. The original salsa was a bit on the "canned tomatoes" taste though.

We each got three tacos: grilled steak, al pastor, and chorizo. They were served on double corn tortillas (soft and delicate). The steak and al pastor were a bit on the dry side, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt that on another day it would be real moist. The chorizo was spot on. I didn't see tongue or any of the crazy parts on the menu, but I will try to ask them next time. Remember that these are served with just raw onions and cilantro. Nothing fancy, just tortilla, meat, and 2 toppings.

I am not a fan of the horchata though! It just wasn't for me. Too chalky and spicy, in the sense of spices like cinnamon.

Will be back, probably tomorrow :)
I love it here. It'd be hard to find a better place in the city. Three tacos for 6 bux. Mix and match if you wish.  Tacos al pastor (pineapple-y pork) are great. Steak, too. And try the stuffed (with cheese) jalepeno taco. Lots of meat on 2 corn tortillas. What a deal. 

Take out or eat in.
Ok I am way obsessed with their jalapeno carne asada platter - I forget the true name of this dish but look for jalapeno and steak on the menu. It beyond the most amazing thing ever.
Only ate here once and it didn't blow my mind but I wasn't disappointed. I was glad to watch Dora the Explorer while I waited for my food.
Really really good tacos right here in Philly. 

The carnitas was friggin' AWESOME.  Carne Asada left a little to be desired.  Free salsas that came with the chips were REALLY outstanding.  

After living in California for years I find it very difficult to locate Mexican food worth eating east of the Mississippi, but I have to admit - this place would kill it in California, it's that good.   I'll be back again and again.
Do not be dissuaded when you first look at the menu!  Although the 3 tacos for 6 dollars is on the "Lunch" section of the menu, you can get it all day. 

I decided to sit in and eat, and was greeted relatively promptly with a large bowl of home-made tortilla chips that were wonderfully authentic.  The were accompanied by what tasted like a smoky chipotle salsa as well as a salsa verde that I loved, and I am not the hugest salsa verde fan, since there is usually too much cilantro.  Both salsas had the right amount of heat and the chips were gone before my tacos came.

I decided to try three different kinds; the steak, the chorizo, and the al pastor.  After trying all three, I will definitely get three al pastor tacos in the future.  The steak was slightly fatty and not seasoned too wonderfully.  The chorizo was too spicy for my taste and they used Spanish chorizo, not Mexican (which I should have foreseen, but I got a little to excited when I saw a chorizo taco on the menu).  

The al pastor was a delicious blend of savory and sweet, and cooked to just the right amount of tenderness so it wasn't falling apart as you ate it, but it wasn't tough at all.

We had to flag down the server for her attention, and we had a little biut of a 'tude (which is what made this 4 stars instead of 5).  

For authentic, inexpensive, delicious mexican food, do yourself a favor and try this place out!
Yeah, we've dabbled in their moles and platters and such...just fine...but we really return for the tacos of every variety and Veracruzana's breakfast offerings. Breakfasy brunch Mexican feasting is a Sunday favorite. Then we act like we're being weekend people and walk around for a while or whatever but really, what I'm tellin you is, Verucruzana taco breakfast followed shortly by taco nap is what weekends are made for.
Delicious chips and salsa -- always a great indicator of overall experience in a taco shop. These chips were thick and freshly made. The salsas were hot and smokey.

I got the chorizo burrito. Swear to god it was the size of a baby and I ate the whole thing. The chorizo was oily (in a good way) and spicy, fresh tomatos (you can taste the difference!), avocado, more.

While eating several families came in -- in my mind a good sign. Many Spanish speakers -- also  good sign.

Open late and takes cards. Can't get any better.
I'll admit, I was a little skeptical when my friend pulled up to this place. But I guess I don't know what I was really expecting. We ordered take out and I was really impressed with the portion/prices. I got the chicken tacos and I thought they were pretty tasty! Also, $6 for 3 tacos isn't a bad deal either. I thought that the portions were just perfect. They didn't skimp on the taco filling or the tortilla size so I was happy. I would consider coming back for more takeout! I just wish that they were closer to me :(

The menu looked like a standard Mexican restaurant - options were in line with what I expected. It's cool that this place is a BYO also (add to the list of BYO steals Philly). Honestly, like I said, nothing out of the ordinary for me 4 stars for the prices alone!
Clean, fresh & delicious!

The prices were reasonable ($6 for 3 tacos or quesadillas & $7 for an overstuffed burrito) - the food was fantastic!  We just ordered from the pickup window but would love to revisit and eat inside.

The cheese quesadillas were made with a mild cheese and topped with a small salad.  Very good.  The steak tacos were perfectly sized and the pork burrito was perfectly wrapped so the contents didn't leak out or break the flour tortilla.

The interior was pretty spacious, and the rice and beans were authentic.  Lots of menu options for a great price.   I will definitely be going back.
BYOT? Don't mind if I do. 

And no crazy long lines or waiting for a seat? Well now, isn't that lovely.

And not get pissy when drunk groups of girls hopped up on tequila decide to demonstrate their salsa skills? Well aren't you a little slice of heaven!

And yes.. your decor is a little something out of my ChiChi's nightmares, but I have a hunch that you'll never let my friends trick you into believing its my birthday and then sing and dance around me whilst I wear a dirty sombrero because I caved and was the first one to leave the table.

And for that, I'm truly thankful.
Al pastor. Al pastor, al pastor, al pastor, al pastor.

I said that into a mirror hoping that a giant taco would materialize behind me, and murder me with deliciousness. No such luck.

Cheap, BYO, good tacos. Not much else needs to be said. The interior is no frills, the utensils are plastic, the plates are paper. But, good tacos, all the liquor you can carry with you and drink, and rock bottom prices keep that from ever becoming a factor.

Shoot, even the free chips and salsa are good.

I'm not an expert on authentic mexican cuisine, so I can't really say for certain how this place would stack up against every street-side religious experience south of the border, but I've been to many a taqueria on the east coast and west coast, and this is easily in my top four joints.

I see a lot of reviews saying that the burritos here suck, so I've never ordered a burrito at this joint. Not like I'd ever want to, because again, al pastor.

Damnit, I'm still alive!

On another note, I really need to have a personal Yelp assistant to remind me to review places.
really good rellenos & sopes, but....you know, i'll stick with la lupe or los jalapenos. 

yeah, yeah, i'm spoiled ex-californian who can make her own mexigrub. i just hold higher standards to the joints here...veracruzana just doesn't hold up well to the homegrown food i grew up with is all it really comes down to. hell, it doesn't even hold up to some of the taco trucks i grew up with.

the little grocery across the lot is swell, though, and remains one of the only places in philly i can pick up el pato.
tacos and things were super cheap and good, however, not all that impressive. maybe it was hyped up too much for me. more flavors can be added to the meat. their pineapple drink was pretty good though.

service was okay.
The grilled steak burritos are so delicious, smoky and authentic, that my husband and I have been known to take a late-night drive clear across town, from East Oak Lane, all the way to South Philly to indulge.

A no-frills, keep it real spot for just plain ole, damn tasty food.
I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place sooner, as I'm there somewhat frequently.  Taqueria is one of the best lil spots in the city!  The boyfriend and I were sitting around last night football-less, and decided to go grab a bite.  We rolled over in what we were wearing (sweatpants, hoodies) and weren't the least bit under-dressed.  

We sat down right away and received water, and fresh chips with salsa verde and a smoky red salsa.  I've noticed that the salsa's have varying levels of heat... and on this particular night they had a kick... but not as much as usual.  This was just fine by me as they can get pretty intense!  

The spot is a BYOB, so come prepared!  If you don't, there's a bottle shop literally 2 doors down.  We brought 4 beers along, and popped our first one and began to look over our menu options.

As the token vegetarian, I have plenty of options here.  Mushroom quesedillas, fajitas, cheese stuffed jalepeno tacos, cheese tacos etc.  I went for the 3 cheese tacos... as they're my fav!  My boyfriend usually procures some sort of meat-extravaganza, but on this particular occasion, he went for the shrimp burrito.

Our food came out quicker than usual- like 10 minutes or less.  Everything was DELICIOUS!  I love the fresh veggies in the cheese quesedillas, and the chihuahua cheese melted to the heated-up soft taco shell.  SO good!  Then you add the salsa on top... wash it down with the beer of your chosing.  Man its delicious.

The boyfriends burrito was easily the size of his head... and he's got a big head!  He conquered that burrito like a champ!  I didn't try any, but he seemed quite pleased and quite full.

The check came, and dinner was under $20!  We sat and enjoyed another beer before leaving, and nobody rushed us which is another great feature of this place.

We'll be back... of course.
Other than the delicious complimentary chips and salsa at the beginning of the meal, I was disappointed that most of the food we had here tonight was pretty lackluster. I really wanted to try the Tacos Al Pastor, but they were out of it until the next day. 

Instead, we devised a tasting menu consisting of a selection of tacos, a burrito, and an entree dish - which was enough food to feed us for this and probably about 2 more meals. Important note: Tacos are 3 for $7. But if you want a mixture, like we did, it's $1 extra. 

Our taco selection consisted of: 
- chorizo - good flavor with the lime wedge, but a bit greasy.
- steak - a bit tough and overdone, and needed more flavor; however, the lime wedge and green salsa came to the rescue. 
- beef-stewed-in-tomato-sauce - good, but also a bit tough.

Typically, I feel like a lot of places use low-quality corn tortillas, but I was glad that the corn tortillas that came with these tacos were fresh and slightly toasted. 

The shell that surrounded our carnitas burrito was also fresh (and not too thick), but the carnitas themselves were a bit too greasy and did not have enough flavor. As such, although the rice:bean:protein:lettuce ratio was decent, and the burrito was held together by a nicely toasted seal, I had trouble tasting each of the ingredients, except for pieces of pork fat which would unexpectedly surface during each bite. 

The entree dish that we chose was the Surf 'n Turf, which I found to have decent flavor. They also used good shrimp. However, as with the steak tacos, the steak and chicken pieces in this dish were overcooked, dry, and leathery. Maybe it was a bad day for the kitchen, because I have been here once before, and I remember the food to be better than this.  

Based on the food, this is more of a 3-star kind of place, but I am willing to give another star for the friendly, helpful, and quick service exhibited tonight. I will likely come back to try more items on their extensive menu, but maybe not before trying some other Mexican joints in town.
Being Mexican myself I always have a high standard for Mexican food. Needless to say I have a high standard for the cuisine. I went off for a hunt to please my cravings . I usually go to Las Margaritas in Northeast for Mexican but this time I felt like eating something more like if I was at home with mom in the kitchen. Somehow I ended up in South Philly by Washington Ave. To my surprise that whole strip is like little Mexico ! So I knew I would find something great. I ended up here. A little hole in the wall place, clean , laid back . I ordered the Cuban torta, I could not be disappointed, it was huge at $8. Everything from chorizzo , stacked on top  of breaded chicken , lettuce tomatoes , jalapeños and avocado . I was stuffed! My sister got the carnitas tacos as well , you get 3 stacked tacos  just like you would get at a truck in Mexico . I would defiantly come here again. The location is a little sketchy  especially at night and parking can be annoying , but what can you expect . I would defiantly recommend for a good authentic Mexican restaurant.
