With a staunch, well-documented history of heterosexuality behind me, I feel proud to say that I am a huge fan of Tavern on Camac.  

I'll never forget my first foray into this intense world of mirrored dance floors, Britney remixes, unisex bathrooms, pint glasses of Red Bull Vodka, and dudes.  It was an eye-opening experience.

Most straight guys are missing the point when it comes to gay bars.  They tend to fixate on the superficial, while totally missing out on some real opportunities to rock.  Get over yourself.  You have got to get up to get down.  It's a simple mathematic equation.  

There are TWO fundamental rules that all straight men must abide whilst visiting the Tavern in order to fully maximize their experience:

1)  Don't be afraid.  You will get hit on, that much is guaranteed.  The quarters are tight and there's nowhere to hide.  In fact, although it may seem counterintuitive, the straighter you act, the more suitors you will attract.  I suppose you're viewed as a challenge, a latent ball of homosexuality just begging for a special boy to bring it to the surface.  While we all know this isn't true, you should take advantage of this false belief.  

Instead of being offended when a tiny little man in a tight v-neck tee, True Religion jeans, an out of season tan, and an impeccable complexion approaches you to talk about football, embrace the opportunity.  Live in the moment.  Accept the drink that he has offered to buy you.  If you can simply maintain conversation, that one drink may turn into two drinks which may turn into three drinks...all for free.  Think straight dudes.  How many dollars have you spent in your life buying drinks for girls at bars?  How significant of a return on investment have you seen from those dollars?  Generally speaking, I'd be willing to bet it's pretty low.  So why not recoup some of those sunk costs?  Why not get yours?  Shed your antiquated inhibitions.  It's your turn to feel pretty.  It's your turn to feel special.  It's your turn to feel wanted...sigh!  At Tavern on Camac, for once in my life, I could keep my wallet in my pocket, sit back, and enjoy an evening of lively chatter and free booze.  Take...Ad...Vantage.

2)  Keep your head on a swivel.  While it's fun to get free drinks, it gets a little old as the night draws closer to last call.  At some point, you will have had your fill of dudes night out.  And herein lies the magic of the gay club - a secret fact of life that most of my straight friends are hesitant to believe, but are quick to embrace once they bear witness to this amazing phenomenon.  In Philadelphia, gay bars are the best place to pick up chicks.  

Now wait wait wait.  Take it easy over there.  Allow me to explain.  Every weekend, girls get together with their pack and head out looking for fun.  Invariably, they end up at the same old bars getting hit on by same old guys.  It's gets tiresome.  They need a change of pace.  So what do they do?  They call their gay friend and they set up the classic - GIRLS NIGHT OUT!  "Whoooo...it's going to be great.  We'll hit the gay bar and dance the night away without having to fear the shady, straight guy, back-end, sneak attack on the dance floor!"

They get all dolled up, they meet up with their gay friend, and do just as they planned.  No straight guys, just girls and gays having fun.  They are easy to spot, dancing in a herd in a circle around their one gay buddy.  That is until midnight hits.  They've had some drinks, they're starting to feel good, and all of a sudden, they realize, they might actually want to meet a nice guy.  You can literally see this switch flip in their brain as they start to frantically scan the dance floor for anything even slightly resembling a straight man.

Well, when that happens, if you're the only straight guy in the gay bar, you start to look pretty damn good.  You have no competition at all.  You could be the biggest loser on the face of the planet, but if you're in the right place at the right time, you could be getting your swerve on.   It's a good thing to be a big fish in a small pond.  Furthermore, it's such a liberating feeling to be able to meet the young ladies without any interference from spiky haired dorks in their t-shirt and blazer combo ala Ryan Seacrest circa 2K5.  The fact is, you can't compete with these tools because they have no sense of shame, so why even try?  Go gay bar and avoid the competition all together!

Most guys don't realize this aspect of the Tavern.  They shy away for no good reason at all.  As a result, they are seriously missing out.  To all my straight men out there, get on over to Tavern, drink for free, and meet some chicks.  Doesn't get any more hetero than that.  

My only word of warning would be to avoid feeding the bears on the first floor.  They're an aggressive bunch and often known for their frugality.  No free drinks here.  Just lots of burly man hugs.
Tavern on Camac is still one of the best bars I know of, and I'm not just talking gay bars. The DJs[1] draw a crowd, and always seem to be on point, playing a mix of classics and dance pop to keep everyone pumped til the wee hours. This is a dependable spot; I regularly entertain out-of-town friends here.

There's no cover, but you'll be spending money on booze. Beer seems to be a bit pricey here, but liquor remains reasonable. Remember, they're cash only, but there's an ATM downstairs if you need it.

[1] Not sure if there's one or more DJs that spin here.
The greatest bar in America.  Simple as that.

ToC was probably the first bar I visited after I turned 21.  It was awesome then.  It's continues to be awesome today.

Why?  Because it's casual, unpretentious, and -- most of all -- SO MUCH FUN.

ToC is practically an amusement park, with something for everyone.  The main level has a piano bar with some of the best tunes in town.  The bartenders are sweethearts, the drinks are cheap, and there is *never* a cover.  Want to sing showtunes all night with a bunch of drunk strangers?  I can't think of anywhere else to do it.

The bottom level is Terra, their in-house restaurant.  It already has its own listing on Yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz/terra-philadelphia), so I won't go into the details here.  Needless to say, Chef Eric's food is superlative, and the staff (especially bartender Tony!) are the coolest guys in the 215.

The top level is the nightclub (its latest moniker: the Ascend Lounge).  On a Wednesday night, I played a naughty version of Family Feud with a bunch of friends.  On a Friday night, I danced 'til close.  The space is small, but the mirrored walls make it feel spacious.  The music and deejays are my favorite -- mostly pop tunes but with an excellent beat.  The bartenders keep the complimentary shots flowing.  It's just heaven.

ToC is my desert-island bar.  If I could just have one bar to take with me, please let it be ToC.  Pretty please?
Do you like dancing? Do you like no cover charge? You'll love this place!

Sure the dance floor is not very big and you have to go upstairs to get there, but it's still a lot of fun. It seems most people stay downstairs, where there is definitely more of a bar feel as opposed to a nightclub scene. This isn't a problem, since it means more room on the dance floor. The downstairs also has a dueling piano trope, so you're never without entertainment here. Drink prices and variety are typical for the area. 

My only real complaint is that the bathrooms are set up in an odd way so that any lines end up blocking the stairs and sometimes even winding down them. It's hard to explain, but let's just say it's annoying to try and break through a line of people to get to the bar. A decent place, I really like it here and plan on coming back.
Wow, I went to school in Philly for four years and never once set foot in this place. I think I had this notion that it was an older crowd, and what college undergraduate wants to get mixed up with that? I was mostly mistaken. There is definitely a mixed crowd here, with the upstairs pounding out popular dance songs for the more energetic crowd and the downstairs keeping it more mellow for those just looking to relax and have some good conversation. I could see myself enjoying both equally. 

Drink prices were reasonable, and the drinks themselves were generously poured (though not quite so much as at Woody's). Bathrooms were clean, and the whole place just seemed so..legit. Like there were nothing sleazy about the place at all, which is an amazing find these days. 

Consider me a fan!
Awesome:
- The main floor is a piano bar.
- The second floor is a dance party with great tunes.
- The walls of the dance floor are mirrored (check out my bad self and these moves like MJ!).

The not so cool: 
- No glasses of water, only bottles for purchase. Which leads me to...
- Peeps be rip-roarin' wasted on you name it. Hence the charge for water. So try not to get dehydrated while working up that sweat, and if you do, save a few extra dollars. Why? 
- Cash only.
I have been wanting to try this piano bar for such a long time. This year we were in an apartment right up the block. On a Thursday night before meeting friends for Christmas dinner, F and I stopped in for a cocktail. The scene was totally relaxed and cozy. CJ Steinway was playing a variety of tunes. Christmas, show tunes, etc. We absolutely loved it. So much so, we came back later and sat at the piano. It seems everyone knows each other, but we didn't feel left out. 

We came back on Friday night, but it was a different vibe...much more crowded (which is expected for a Friday night) and there was club music playing over the piano...

So, we will DEFINITELY be back, but not on a Friday or Saturday night.
I have visited Tavern many times over the years..noticed I haven't checked in all those times - I am thinking this is because by the time I usually end up here - it is the destination after the night's bar crawl!  

Tavern is the destination you want to end your night on - for sure!  It is always lively!  The bar always has good bartenders and drinks and the music on both floors is awesome!  The piano area is usually packed because the pianists and singers are great and the song selections inspire sing alongs and great fun!  The upstairs area is a club vibe and the dancing keeps the party going all night long!

How can you not enjoy your time at Tavern on Camac - Always a good time and for those who haven't been - do yourself a favor and have a fun night out!
I was out with friends last week, downing beers at Sisters and getting hungrier by the minute. Between the five of us we couldn't come up with any great ideas for dinner (which might seem sad until you factor the beer into the equation), and we ended up wandering over to TOC just based on its geographic proximity. I've spent plenty of nights drinking and dancing there but didn't have high hopes for the restaurant because, well, it's in the basement of a bar. Boy was I wrong. It may be the basement, but it's cozy and quite chic. The menu is far from typical bar food, though there is a single (gourmet) burger offered. I had bacon-wrapped scallops and roast lamb, both of which were delicious. The bread that arrived before the meal was soft and hot and accompanied by a tasty pesto-infused oil.  After all this and several glasses of wine from their wine cellar, I am a convert to dinner at TOC. Word on the street--er, in the basement--is that the menu is changing next week. I'll be back to check it out.
I love this place.  Cozy neighborhood bar with piano downstairs.  Show tunes and delicious cocktails downstairs, with a sleek dance floor upstairs.   A good mix of cute boys and girls, and TOTALLY unpretentious.  There are no airs here!  

Love it!
This is a solid, unpretentious venue that attracts a diverse, mixed crowd which gathers around the main spectacle: the piano, at which someone's singing almost all night long. Just this past weekend, for example, cabaret and show tunes were on offer.

Things can get a bit busy around the bar, but the bartenders keep good track of who's been waiting the longest, and while space is at a premium, you can generally wiggle yourself in somehow. A solid, lively place for a drink and some tunes, all without attitude.
This place has been on my radar for a while and finally my other half and I decided to pay Tavern a visit on a Friday night because frankly, I didn't feel like searching for another place.

The restaurant portion of this establishment is downstairs from the actual bar and piano shindig. The door is incredibly difficult to open, resulting in  embarrassment and shame when everyone inside is staring at you struggling to open the door. I'm chuckling at the recollection. 

We were seated at a two top in a slightly awkward location, I had the pleasure of the kitchen entrance in my direct line of vision. The dining room was decorated festively given the holiday season. The place was initially pretty empty upon our arrival at slightly past 7 however towards the end of our stay maybe like around 9, many more tables were occupied. 

The menu contains appetizers, small plates, sandwiches, and entrees. DEVILED EGGS is one of their apps and I absolutely love those little balls of eggy goodness. There's a tiny dollop of sriracha-esque sauce on top of each egg which adds a robust element of flavor. 

We ordered the cheese plate to share. There was a bleu (literally on every single cheese plate on earth, I dare you to find me one that does not include bleu), a brie-like soft cheese, and a very hard cheese I suspect is in the parmesan family. Accompaniments include a few marmalades, bread slices, I think something else that I cannot recall, and prosciutto. The brie was very good but I wasn't head-over-heels for the other two cheeses. The presentation was impressive, I did not waste any time slapping that shit on my insta. 

I ordered a wedge salad with an iceburg lettuce wedge covered in bleu cheese dressing (here we go again), bacon and WITHOUT the onions. Bae ordered one of their burgers and a side salad. Unfortunately, the salad came out absolutely covered in red mother fucking onions so I took them up on their offer to make another one for me. My fiance's burger sat slowly approaching room temperature while I waited. Our actual waiter came over and inquired as to where my meal was and when I told him about the onions he replied, "that's strange, I definitely asked for it without onions". Either way, it was annoying. Thankfully the wait wasn't too long and I was served the salad devoid of onions. The diced bacon was entwined with itty bitty pieces of sundried tomatoes which was a nice touch. 

I ordered 2 vodka diets, and tinasaurus ordered a vodka soda first and then a glass of champagne. The mixed drinks are in rocks glasses which is a major pet peeve. 

Our waiter had a strange attitude about him. Maybe it's just a version of RBF? I didn't get a warm and fuzzy feeling. 

My experience was intermediate. I'm not one for conclusions.
I always enjoy coming here. I know it is a gay bar and I really don't care. I always have a good time in here singing and listening to the music from the piano.   Every time I visit, people are always singing along to the performer. 

Drinks are a little up there on price but totally worth the fun with the crowd.

Gay, lesbian, transgender or straight, this is a fun place to be...no matter who you are.
This is the best gay and lesbian[1] club bar I've been to in Philadelphia. I was here in September for a friend's farewell party and it was outrageous. Outstanding DJ, friendly crowd! It gets packed but no fights broke out and the vibe is so positive there. Our group of girls and guys couldn't stop dancing until they kicked us out (at the regular time, that is).

Note that they have relatively cheap shots when compared to other nightspots. Unfortunately they don't take credit cards at the bar, but there's an ATM downstairs. Also, there's no cover if there isn't a special event going on.

Recommended if you've never been!

[1] Even if it was a straight bar, it still holds its own.
I visited Tavern On Camac with my friends on Sunday October 13th around 8:15PM and received rude and offensive service by a bartender by the name of Christina. Upon entering the bar, my friends and I immediately noticed that Christina was not in a good mood. Despite her attitude, my friends and I ordered drinks and food anyway. Big mistake! When one of my friends asked Christina for water, she angrily said that she would get her water after serving "everyone else" that she was working with. I told her that she shouldn't speak to customers in such a rude way. In response, Christina told me to "go fuck myself." My friends and I asked to speak with her manager. Michael, Christina's manager, was called to resolve the problem and issue a refund for our food, which had not yet arrived. Michael took an extremely long time to arrive, as he was busy managing another location. Upon arrival, Michael issued my friends and I a refund, but made a joke out of Christina telling me to "go fuck myself," alleging that I may have deserved it. I was mortified by my experience at Tavern. I've never been treated so poorly at a bar/restaurant.
I'm going to tentatively give the new Tavern three stars.  This was a solid five star gem before the shutdown.  I love the new decor.  They did a wonderful job with the design and the space, but there are some unfortunate underlying problems:

1.  By opening up the space, you can't hear the piano anymore.  You can sit four feet from the pianist and can't hear him:  not good.

2.  The open space, while definitely bigger, feels smaller, because there are no more nooks and posts to congregate around.  

3.  TOC was a place to go hang out, listen to the show tunes, and talk to people.  You can't hear who you're talking to, and the setup does not promote conversations.

4.  They went from two bars to one really nice one, but by doing so, they took away seats and jammed everyone into one space that loops out into the middle of the room.  In the past, there was always an interesting split:  quiet older folks interested in the music at the little bar, and younger rowdy folks at the big bar.  That dynamic is gone.

The vibe is still friendly, the staff is still solid, and it's still the best gay bar in Philly.  TOC suffers from the same problem as an aging attractive person who gets a facelift:  it traded all its character to fit in.  We'll give it plenty more chances; hopefully, it regains some of that old charm.
I dig TOC and TOC digs on me.  The End.

For those desiring more details, the story is this: half piano bar - half nightclub - can a combination get any better?  The cocktails aren't for the meek, the pour is generous and strong, like Mama likes it.  The club upstairs has seen me shake my bootie from time to time (and reflected three times 'til Sunday), and the piano bar downstairs has been graced by many of my renditions of Broadway favorites (yes, you may thank me later, be sure to tip your bartender!)

On one of my favorite narrow and cozy streets, this is one my favorite bars, gay or otherwise, to knock back some drinks, have a laugh, to listen to talented pianists (and maybe if you're lucky, seeee ahem... pee-a-nissts - cough-cough-nudge-nudge, but that's another story for another time), and to let the naughty night take you away.

Raucous Fun Guaranteed.
Nice staff, but I wish I could like the food. The veggie burger is an open face burger, so you are missing half of the bun. The deviled eggs were also served in 3 pieces. Why? If I'm going to pay for eggs, would like the whole egg not half an egg. You know what I'm saying? 
We went here for dinner and Trivia night. Although the Trivia was fun at first, it got harder and tedious. We started to lose interest. Also, although I'm not much of a drinker, they do have good beverage selections. 
I'd probably give them another chance, but I'd have to get dinner somewhere else first.
Tavern on Camac is a bit of a holdover from the old days, when gay bars were hidden down tiny side streets and you pretty much had to know exactly where you were going to find the place. But that's part of what gives Tavern its charm - unlike bigger places like Woody's you know that everyone in the place really wants to be there.

I was at Tavern on Camac for a friend's birthday and loved everything about it. From the piano man downstairs (with everyone singing along to Abba and showtunes) to the great dance floor, Tavern is just what you want a "gay" bar to be. The drinks are strong, the music's good, and everyone is having a great time. If you want to just relax and have a few drinks, the downstairs has a great atmosphere. But when you want to dance and go nuts, the upstairs has you covered with a full bar and great music.

The crowd here is also great. It's a great mix of young and old, gay and straight, that makes everyone feel like they're just out for a no-pressure night out.

I've also got to give props to the no hassle free coat check. One of the more aggravating things about other spots in the area (cough, cough, Woody's) is that I have to pay to stay warm in the winter without lugging my coat onto the dance floor. Thanks, Tavern, for not punishing me for dressing for the weather!
I am truly astonished that someone has not written a review of Tavern. Yet another hot night spot that seems to appear a midst residential homes, I have never had a better margarita (I lie because Lolita has the best margaritas.) If you do not have time to grab a fifth of tequila before the liquor stores close, Tavern surely wins on convenience. To ensure the best, please request that Sonny who works the first floor main bar mixes the drink.  Afterwards, you can either join singing along to show tunes downstairs as live piano acts perform or (usually and especially on weekends) wait in line to dance to underplayed Madonna upstairs. I believe that a restaurant exists downstairs, however, have never tasted or heard about the quality of the food. Dress to impress because this crowd knows and cares about appearances and fashion.
Tavern on Camac holds a special place in my heart ... and my liver. I love the piano bar downstairs - it's heavy on Broadway showtunes and Billy Joel songs (as you would expect!) and there is usually a friendly and enthusiastic crowd engaged in a boozy singalong. Head upstairs and the crowd gets younger and drunker. Tavern can be hit-or-miss - some nights it will be empty and awkward, other nights so crowded it's hard to dance without spilling your drink on someone, but most weekends it's just busy enough. The bartenders upstairs are phenomenal. Do yourself a favor and order a key lime pie - it's some combination of vodka, Midori sour, pineapple juice, and I don't even know what else but it is delicious and bright lime green and a few will knock you on your ass.
We wanted a post-dinner bar and ended up in the Gayborhood much to our delight. We took the stairs down the basement level to the coziest little bar area, which was delightfully quiet for 11 p.m. on a Saturday night. The bar top itself was one the prettiest I've seen! The cocktails were $10, varied, and potent. I went with The Bee's Knees, leading me to ask for "The Bee's Knees, please." (I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy saying that.) It was a simple mixture of gin, honey, and lemon. The beau got the Sazerec, a mix of Bulleit Rye and Peychaud's bitters with an Absinthe float. Both did the trick, though I didn't feel mine until about 30 minutes later when we got back to our hotel room and I couldn't figure out how to close the curtains for about five minutes.

Delightful! Absolutely!
We were on the dance floor - and had been for hours, buying drinks - and the bartender refused to give my friend some water unless she bought another drink. Not only was he super rude, that's just unsafe - people who've been drinking alcohol and dancing/sweating for hours need to stay hydrated.
Sometimes forgotten, but always a good time! I love TOC! If you're in the mood to sing show tunes, the piano bar will not disappoint. If you want to dance to the latest beats, head on upstairs for a different kind of fun! We had a great time last night! I always forget about TOC, but when I get there I say the same thing! The drinks were priced well. You have to get there a little bit early though. It will seem slow at first, but picks up almost instantly! TOC is the place for me! 

Oh, and their restaurant in the basement has great brunch options!
Great place for strong drinks, good dancing, and fun atmosphere. We went here to celebrate my partner's 30th Birthday and had a blast. The only drawback is the size of the upstairs dance floor. Because it is so small and gets crowded quickly - they limit the number of people who can enter. This makes it rough if you have a big party there and some of them go outside... It may take them 30 - 40 minutes to get back in. The club is tucked away in a cozy little alley, so as your party spills out of the club they can congregate in front of the bar and be obnoxious! Woo-hoo!! It was a great night and lots of fun!
a piano bar (i hate) with a dance floor (novel combination). no cover when there is at woody's so a good place to drop in on the weekend for a little groove without commitment to staying
The manager of this establishment, Michael, was the least compassionate human I've ever encountered. I was on the dance floor with friends for 10 minutes and noticed my purse was open, which was not previously open, and my wallet was gone. Within seconds I asked for a manager and had to wait 5 minutes to speak to one, and was confronted with an angry man who was basically telling me that there was nothing he could do to help the situation. I was very visibly upset and this man made me feel like I did something wrong for getting my wallet stolen. I have always had a pleasant experience at this place before but will never go back here again, purely based on how this situation was handled.
I just went here for a friend's event.  It's called I'm from Driftwood, and they were fundraising for their cause.  It's sorta like a cross country documentary about coming out.  I pitched in a donation and all, but what drew me to come were the drink specials for their event (everyone has their own interests!)

I was told gay bars make strong drinks and holy crap they absolutely do.  Lowering inhibitions.  I see what they did there.  Aside from that, it's a pretty chill spot versus all of those other Gayborhood bars, which feels more night-clubby.  I was also surprised to see that they had food.  The rosemary fries were really good, and I ganked a fair amount of them from my friend who ordered it.  It sorta has a taste that's similar to the Colonel's potato wedges, so I think it's safe to say rosemary is probably one of the 11 secret herbs and spices.

Oh wait, back to TOC.  It's a more relaxed gay bar.  A place I'd be more inclined to hang out with my gay pals should they elect to go here instead of the other places.
Tavern on Camac is the friendliest bar in Philly. It's low-key and unpretentious. Show up in your favorite old pair of jeans or your business casual - there's no dress code here. Forget the typical snobby 'tude you find in a lot of gay bars. Just come as you are and be prepared for strong drinks and friendly folks. 

It's the kind of place where the middle-aged butch lesbian sitting next to you instructs you on the art of making roses out of cocktail napkins, or you find yourself surprised by how many of the lyrics to "Sweet Caroline" you can recall after that second whiskey sour. Don't come expecting another Pure or Woody's. Lovers of TOC come for its hospitality and charm.

I had the first date with my partner of almost 2 years at TOC and we still come back on Thursday nights to sit around the piano while Deena Underwood plays. Deena has an incredible voice and has a very warm presence. Come see her every Thursday 'til 9 pm!
I have come here for years and even worked here when it was Raffles, They do not know how to handle or even care to handle seriously inappropriate behavior. The criterion is whether or not the bartender on duty cares. Piano players and bartenders do not deal with terrible clientele, There is no concept of what acceptable behavior at certain times. Piano players and bartenders are at a loss when dealing with abrasive and annoying customers who don't understand what a piano bar is all about. You just have to deal with it or walk out. If it's a mellow night and the pianist isn't pounding the piano into oblivion or ruining the tuning stay. Some nights it is just not a place for grown ups.
The place itself is great. There is a nice dining area downstairs and a low lit dining area/bar area upstairs with a piano player that sings and plays as well as a mic for the singers in the crowd who want to take a turn or two singing a tune. It's a sweet vibe... and as my good friend (who I was hanging out with) said, "This is the best place to go on a Monday night. Every other place is dull on a Monday but this is still vibrant." All true. Why not four stars? Had I stopped my order at cocktails, I would have rated a solid four. However, I ordered dinner. My mushroom veggie burger tasted raw. It was complete mush. The fries that accompanied it would have been decent but some of them weren't cooked long enough and a bit raw inside. If you go to drink and enjoy the piano...this is a stand out place. I can't at all recommend the veggie burger, though.
I've been to some seriously good hotspots in NYC, Philadelphia and Europe. Tavern on Camac is simply one of the best. The atmosphere is extremely welcoming and the "piano man" can play nearly anything you ask him for. Though this is classified as a gay bar, the facility is filled with all kinds of people, groups of south Philly italian girls, gay men, straight couples young and old. It's that classic and classy kind of bar that throws back to movies of the 30s and 40s. Beautiful setting.
Went to this bar this past weekend with some friends who came to visit philly. This was definitely on my list and was so happy I went. The drinks were reasonably priced and all of the service was so friendly (&fun). Love supporting local LGBTQIA+ bars.
Celebrated my 27th birthday here! Went to Ascend at 9 and it started pretty empty and the music was pretty low. 
But within the hour it was filled with people and everyone was dancing!!! The music was amazing! There was no cover on this Saturday night. 

The crowd is straights and gays and friendly! People of all ages were there! Everyone was smiling and seemed to be truly enjoying the evening! 
Around midnight- it was PACKED. Line down the stairs to enter! 

The bartenders were sweet and responsive and the ledge around the dance floor can hold your drink! Music and lighting and fog marine create such a groovy ambiance! 

I felt so comfortable and will absolutely be back to tavern! Thank you sooo much!
Of the gay bars, this is by far my favorite.  There are three different floors, each one available for your mood.  The downstairs is a quiet place to just hang out with friends, the first floor usually plays show tunes, and the third floor becomes a dance floor on which you can have an enormous amount of fun with friends.
This is my second time to this place and unfortunately it's terrible it's the worst experience I've ever ever had in my entire life it seems that they don't like my name or my looks or my accent I have no idea but every time I go there I am treated like a piece of shit the bartender today was awful.  She really needs lots and lots of training. I can tell she got the job because she knows somebody. I'm an HR professional and I won't ever consider someone like her in my team. But we all know how this works. Ugh....  It's sad that customers are not  respected and a bartender argues in 2021 with us. Terrible. 

I'm going to dispute my transaction with my credit card provider because that terrible bartender doesn't deserve my generous 30% tip. It was that bad.
People generally like this place because there is no cover and the music is alright.  It is also on a picturesque side street, which makes people feel like they are going somewhere "alternative" or "special."

I'm personally not that excited about Tavern.  The downstairs is an old-school piano bar thing, emphasis on old (not a place for young guys).  I find it a bit corny with the people gathered around the piano singing "showtunes."

My friends and I always bee-line upstairs, where there is often a line to get onto the dance floor.  Up there, it is loud, crowded, and the bar buts right up against the dance area, so it is all very hectic.  Don't expect to have a conversation with anyone, but do wear something you won't mind a few drinks being spilled on. 

If you're very drunk, the dancing can be fun.  If you're not drunk, you may want to stay home.
I am leaving this review mostly because of the experience we had with the bartender Natalie last night. The bar itself is quite enjoyable especially on a Wednesday night where there is a someone playing the piano and singing. However, I felt that we were targeted when we walked into the bar for a couple drinks we were treated very poorly. Natalie served us our drinks & immediately forced us to close out our tab while she continued to offer drinks to others around the bar and wouldn't look twice in our direction. On top of that, she over poured my girlfriend's drink (a cosmo) to the point where the napkin underneath was drenched and Natalie did not apologize or even bother to clean it up. We took a few napkins and cleaned up the mess ourselves and were even willing to order another drink from her. We looked around the bar and saw many men she mad cosmos for, had the extra bit poured  into a separate glass so it wouldn't go to waste but my girlfriends drink was inappropriately overpoured? It was very clear that she had no interest in serving us. I don't know if she preferred to serve gay men and had something against lesbians? It was very rude and condescending and instead of engaging with Natalie we decided to leave after one drink. We will not be returning to this establishment.
Two stories of fun.  (Maybe even three?)  Piano bar on floor one, pop tunes and/or karaoke on floor two.  Had a ex-frat-boy cute bartender, some good drinks, met some super fun people (thank you, Stephanie, for the karaoke duet), and just had a really good time.  If we hadn't had to call it an early night, things would have gotten WILD.
Nestled on historic Camac Street in Center City, the Tavern in Camac (TOC) is considered to be one of the oldest gay bars in Philadelphia.  Known for many years as Maxine's, the staff indicates it has been a piano bar since 1935! The modern version is a 3 story venue featuring a splendid mix of everything - great food (small plates, full entrées), a piano bar 7 nights a week with fabulous local entertainers and a small dance floor and bar on the upper floor (3rd level).

The lowest ground / below ground level features the Tavern and is generally the quietest / most intimate space featuring food and drinks at the bar or in the dining room 6 nights a week. Rumor has it, the space once connected to the Underground Railroad.  Generally on weekends when the upper floors are busy, the Tavern room is the only spot for food.  The main level features the piano and a sizeable number of men (usually gay) singling along to old and new classics.  Sometimes it's like you're at a Broadway Show the talent is so spectacular.  It's certain to be busy weekends, but don't be surprised if every seat at the piano is taken on a Monday night too.

On the upper floor, you'll find DJ's and dancing available, but don't expect the massive volume of people jammed into the space as you might at Woody's.  At the TOC, you'll be able to move about and "usually" have a conversation at any level.  Sundays is a very popular night with Showtunes starting at 9pm and a large (often wild) crowd singling along the videos from musicals and movies.

If you desire a classic predominantly gay venue, but modern by any standard with a friendly crowd and professional staff, you owe it to yourself to visit TOC.  I have been visiting since June 2014 (after relocating to the East Coast) and much more so now that I live in Philadelphia.  It's a absolute stop when friends visit from out of town.  While I didn't see the space prior to renovations (completed in early 2014), I cannot speak to the former space, but I genuinely enjoy the new space as it exists today.  Open minded people are always welcome, but the venue caters predominantly to the gay community.

If you're dining, I can recommend from personal experience the Fish N Chips, roasted brussel sprouts, chicken sandwich, and on my last visit, the special which was sea scallops over risotto and asparagus - it was delicious!  I highly recommend the Tavern on Camac (TOC) for the people, the piano, the tavern fare, and the element of history!
The basement is really kinda' cool and loungy, and the bartender is great. Cool clean atmosphere, and not too crowded on weekends. Upstairs is nuts, but downstairs is a bit more relaxed.
This was such a nice place! Loved the (hot) bartender who made awesome mojitos. The mean age of the clientele was rather high, and it was such a good atmosphere. 

The piano player was skilled, and I absolutely loved the voice of the female singer. An old(ish) man also sang some, not sure if singer or one of the clientele? Great voice anyway, and really hope he was a regular there.

Really sad I won't have time to come back here, this would make a great stop any day of the week.
Intimate, cozy and friendly piano bar and restaurant. Great service with an unpretentious vibe in the upstairs bar. Fabulous food in the restaurant downstairs. Highly recommend the deviled eggs and Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup. Hidden gem!
Cool that it's a piano bar, restaurant and club all in one. When we went, the demographics seemed to be much older people. No one was on the dance floor, so that felt a bit awkward. The piano bar was pretty cool, and I loved that people got into the music. However, it seemed like people were clique-y and weren't into mingling and meeting new people.
Off of Locust street, nestled in an alley, this club/bar combination is quite hidden. In fact, except for the rainbow flag and dozens of young people swarming in the doorway and into the street, I might mistake this place for someone's house. Get inside, though, and you have your choice of a mellow piano bar atmosphere (not my fave, but good for those in a singing mood), and a booming dance floor. 

My only two complaints: when it's crowded, there's a line to get up to the floor with the dance floor, and the floor is so packed that you really gotta shove to get a space to dance. Also, the men definitely outnumber the women, so if you're looking for a women scene in the neighborhood, might be better to try Sisters. 

On the plus side: no cover charge, decent drinks (both in taste and price), and (most importantly), on the dance floor, everyone gets fully into the music. Classics like "Seasons of Love" and "Like a Prayer" are set to a dance beat, and everyone sings full out as they dance their hearts out. I love it.
Love Showtunes Sundays.  The GM and staff are amazing..... my go-to spot.
A great piano bar other than the same songs played and sang daily. Nice bartenders. Drinks are affordable. Crowd is pleasing.. But tight on space if it gets busy.
Since moving away from Philadelphia, I've missed this place, and every time I visit I'm sure to stop in there again.

I can't vouch for downstairs, I've never even seen it never mind tried their food, though I've heard positive reviews from others.

And the top floor is... ehhh, I don't know.. mediocre. That's the dance floor but honestly, if you're going to dance at a gay bar, you're probably better off going to Woody's, Pure, or 12th Air, etc...  some place that is more devoted to being a nightclub.  If you go to TOC to dance, you're either the only one on the floor (awkward unless you're tipsy, then pretty fun and freeing actually), or waiting in line on the stairs which I never really understood.  I will say, though, the bartenders upstairs know their stuff & are funny/outgoing.  And it's a cool atmosphere for a place to have a split personality between the floors incase you have sudden mood swings throughout the night.

The piano bar (the floor as soon as you walk in the door) is the reason I go. This is NOT karaoke, so please don't treat it as such. Dont' sing unless you have some semblance of talent or else an overbearing personality/sense of humor that is entertaining to watch.  If there's a song you want to hear...  write it on a napkin and give it to the pianist.  I used to go here in the John Flynn days... who is an A+++ absolutely amazing performer/entertainer, but as I understand he isn't there anymore.  Still,  second best is David West or Max.  I'm not too into Gosha, since she sings all the songs herself and they're too slow & jazzy for my taste, but she has many fans.

I like it for the amazing atmosphere. It's such an awesomely diverse group of people who go, different ages & personalities. I've had the most intense drunkenly philosophical conversations of my life with strangers on the steps of this place.

Ladies, I hope you have strong bladders. There's a single stall ("women's only") outside of which I've found myself crouching and grabbing my crotch while praying to god I wouldn't piss myself shamelessly for a while only to have the door open with a couple of guys come out.   Come on, TOC, I understand it's "a gay bar" but last time I checked there were gay women too, right?  (There's also a bathroom upstairs, so I can't really be too hard on them for this.. but that's usually full or blocked by the line waiting to get to the dance floor).

I'm giving this place 5 stars DESPITE being kicked out the last time for "being too drunk" (hello, whose fault is that, mr. amazing bartender?) but really... I just tripped up the stairs! Seriously... yeah.. I was probably a drunken mess who had reached the point of no return but we all have  those nights and I can't hold it against the doormen who are all lovely & just doing their job (and doing it well!)
Usually, this bar is a safe and welcoming place for all in Philadelphia. But, last night I had a horrible experience here. My friend had just gone through a breakup that day and was quietly crying at the bar. Three of us were there to comfort him. We had bought four drinks there. It was a Thursday night and was not overwhelmingly busy either.

After my friend had calmed down, he was minding his own business and texting on his phone, when the bartender came up and asked us all to leave, claiming that "his manager would get him in trouble if he saw this." 

I am outraged by this experience and cannot understand what made this bartender feel like this was an appropriate response to the situation. 

If Tavern will only have me when I am at my best, then I will be very unlikely to recommend this bar to anyone. I hope that they will improve their service in the future and not subject any other patrons to this uncouth and embarrassing experience.
This review is for the downstairs part of the restaurant.

I came here on a random Saturday night. I really wasn't too impressed initially. What really changed my perspective was the super hip bartender. Natalie suggested the perfect drink. As if I couldn't ask for more, I did. She also gave me the scoop on the local haunt house. I'm a fan.
This place is fun... but weird... but fun. It was recommended to me by another Yelper, so I thought I had to give it a shot. First, let me say it's really hard to find. Camac is this tiny street that you really have to be looking for or else you'll miss it and end up circling around for a while... as I did. The bar itself has two levels: downstairs is sort of a piano bar... with a piano, sing along blah blah blah. Not really my thing but it was lively, pretty crowded, and the crowd was friendly. Upstairs is where I ended up hanging out: bar, and dance floor (which was mostly empty when I was there), some eye candy, strong drinks: nice! I had a pretty good time (even though I didn't stay for too long), and I'd probably go again next time I'm in town.
A beautiful gem I drunkenly stumbled upon one night, and was introduced to an amazing community. Love to come here for drinks and a show on the bottom floor, or to dance the night away on the second floor. TOC rocks, and always impresses any guests I bring along!
Showtunes on Sundays is a BLAST! However, one of the bartenders refused to give me a glass of water, claiming he only had bottled water. I went to the other bartender who happily gave me a glass of tap water. Then, the first bartender attempted to kick me out when I did not tip him. Tap water is always available. Don't be a jerk about it.
Tavern on Camac is interesting because the first floor is a piano bar and then upstairs is, I guess, Philly's littlest gay dance club.  It feels like it's really 2 different club.

When I arrived with my friends, seemed everyone was hanging out at the piano.  Not for me!

Went upstairs but it was dead.  Ok, I give them credit because no one was liquored up...yet.

I shall come back and check out this littlest place.
Been here multiple times since my move to Philly and I can say that I could take it or leave it honestly. Naturally, Tavern on Camac is a gay bar, but the vibe is no present when you walk in. On certain nights you can feel it with the piano playing or the showtunes playing upstairs on the second level, however I feel this bar lacks identity. 

As mentioned before, I have ventured here multiple times...there has not been one bartender, drink or night that has stuck out for me. While I enjoy the opportunity to come in and listen to piano every now and then, Tavern on Camac is not top 3 for gay bars in Philly.
I like this place.  The piano area downstairs is awesome.  You can listen to a guy play piano and actually converse with friends.  Added bonus if you can get a seat.  Upstairs they have more of a dance club that I didn't really spend any time in.  The laid-back vibe of the piano area was good enough for me.  Darn you for not taking credit cards!  I'd have stayed longer.
Moving here in 2009, immediately made this my most favorite bar in the city. We would start at Knock, come here, hop to Woody's then come back to Tavern on Camac (TOC) then head to Voyeur. The staff is so friendly, the coat check in the winter is affordable, you may not have to obtain a 2nd mortgage on your home and the drinks strong and delicious. 

Downstairs is fabulous if you love show tunes and a piano! She is banging on them keys and a Queen is squealing a favorite Broadway Show tune, definitely a show on its own. The dance floor is tiny but I feel like it can fit a lot of Dancing Queens. The music is great and there's no icy cold, winter storm blast hosing you down like Woody's dance floor,  not that I'm complaining...hahaha
Love Thursday nights at TOC! Cj can play anything you would like to hear.  the drinks. Just a fab spot!
Why is no one dancing? Because your DJ cares more about his taste than the 60 people 'wanting to dance' yet unmoved by his 'skills'. Figure it out TOC...
the piano thing downstairs is alright....

upstairs is a totally different scene. small bar, ultra loud music, and the tiniest dancefloor known to man

not much to look at either.....
all and all, i dont know what the hype is about Tavern....its OKAY, but nothing special, at all
live music every night, dance club upstairs, and restaurant.

on the lovely camac street.

philadelphia is a best kept secret. thats my hometown.
Dj on saturday on second floor is horrible. Plays 3 lyrics and then plays filler music. Was a jerk when talked to. Drinks are eh. Environment unoriginal.
This place was perfect.  My girlfriend and I originally wanted to come here after dinner, and then hang out in the bar/dance floor area.  When the restaurant we wanted to go to didn't have any tables, we made our way over to Tavern on Camac early in hopes we could grab dinner there. The food was out of this world and the service was good.  Only negative would be that we got charged twice for a beer we only got one of.  Other than that, we will definitely be coming back again.
Tavern on Camac, commonly known as TOC, is one of those nifty gay alley bars harkening back to days of yore with a good general cross section of ages from the rather young to the senior citizens, a lesbian or two, and few straights (or so they said).  TOC serves a great drink at reasonable prices and best of all is the piano. The night I was there, the piano player was really terrific.

Next time I'm in Philly, I'll be back.
Someone had some work done.  Sure, people were saying "Ooof, the years have taken its toll" and comments had been made that the place had seen better days.  So off Tavern went, shut down for months, and reopened taut, tight, smooth with nary a wrinkle to be seen.  Wait, who the heck are you, Tavern? Where d'ya go?

Don't get me wrong, the renovations are a revelation.  It's so spanking (pun intended) clean.  There were windows added - (hey there's light!), spacious lovely tiled entry, drop ceiling removed, floor plan entirely re-imagined.  New everything.  From flooring, a new refurbished piano, ample circular bar (with bag hooks - thank you! and outlets to charge your electronics), wall treatments - it's like a entirely different place. Which is exactly my problem.  There is nothing about this new place that reminds me or makes me feel like I'm at Tavern.  Apart from the piano, and the tunes, there is nothing that is at all reminiscent of the old place.  I missed the old space.  The drab, dark, dreary dive-y, kitch-y place.  The 80's dance club upstairs.  I loved it as it was.  In my mind, the place was perfect as it was.  There was something comforting about it.  Hidden away on Camac - it was like a place frozen in time.

But onwards, and upwards, what was TOC is no more, and I have to embrace the times, and admit that yes, a little freshening up never hurt anybody - the only obvious change as well, is that the pours have changed, and so their drinks here no longer put me in my place, and well, hey, surgery (ahem) I mean renos don't pay for themselves, you know!
Love this place! Love the piano bar!  Love the upstairs dance floor! Drinks prices ok. Bartenders friendly, flirtatious and attentive. Just pure LOVE!
One of my favorite places in Philly. Always a good time. They do NOT take cards though (as of 10/12/12) so only option is ATM machine with $3 surcharge.  Or bring cash, obviously.
TOC is good. I like going upstairs, because on a non-weekend night, you can have the entire dance floor to yourself and pretend you're at rehearsal working on choreography as a principal dancer on the Beyonce tour. Mirrors are great. Also, gay bar drinks = wasted. Loves it. Very fun.
This is for the restaurant: best veggie burger ever!!! It's not some frozen Garden Burger. This is the real deal: homemade with fresh ingredients. One of the best I've ever had!

The decor and atmosphere still leaves a bit to be desired. Still feels like a basement. I worry that it could detract from the elegance of the food, which is incredibly good.
This was my second visit to Tavern on Camac for a weekend evening. The first time I went it was a Friday night and I loved the first floor with the queens singing show tunes around the piano bar. Upstairs there is really nice dance floor, a tad more on the small side, but with floor to ceiling mirrors so people really like to look at themselves while they are dancing. On that particular night, it was a playlist, not a DJ so it was mainly club music. I went back on a Saturday night around 10:30pm and there were hardly any people on the 2nd floor, but it was early. I couldn't tell if there was a DJ or not. The bathrooms are fairly clean and not much of a wait, and what everyone said about the prices are correct - mixed drinks are only a dollar or so more than a bottle of beer. I think the first floor is what really makes the place charming, so it will continue to be a regular spot where I bring out of town friends.
Fun sing along piano bar with relaxed atmosphere and eclectic clientele. No cover dancing upstairs. Drinks are reasonably priced and strong. Worth stopping in for a visit.
The best music, drinks, food, crowds, etc... 

My favorite LGBT bar in Philly. 

I wish they had a bigger dance floor but if that's the worst thing, it's pretty awesome.
There are few things I enjoy more than a piano bar. Went here for some just-engaged celebratory good times and had a blast. One minus - the mirrors really freaked me out. I kept thinking there were other rooms, but no, that's just this one. Or people around corners, but no, that's just the wall. Perhaps my spatial ability is just limited. Just focus on the pianist (mind out of the gutter, people, PIANIST) and you'll be good.
Has management changed at the bar recently? Have always had a good time here until recently, when the bar staff has just been plain rude.  As other reviews have pointed out, don't go here and order water, it seems to break some unwritten rule.  Aside from that the piano players are good and showtunes night is fun.
The upstairs on weekends varies quite differently from the downstairs/main floor. There is a restaurant below the main floor and a nice bar. The main floor has a piano player singing and playing various tunes with a nice crowd of people mostly 30 and up. The upstairs is the dance floor and there usually is a line to enter after 11pm, as the room only can fit so many. The crowd is usually 20somethings to early 30's, maybe a few in other age categories. The owners, manager, and bartenders are very friendly, no attitude. I just want people who have never visited to know what the place is like. Yes you will find a few stray 20somethings downstairs at the piano or 2 bars, but it's mostly 30+, differing drastically from the upstairs. Very nice place, and it's homey to me.
First, the restaurant is amazing. The dance floor is decent. 

The piano bar? if the african-american woman is playing, her voice is phenomenal and her song selection  is awesome. The older white guy makes me want to slit both my throat and wrists and listen to Justin Beiber. There are plenty of uplifting, uptempo Broadway songs, but be sure this dude won't play them. It's like a musical suicide cult!

The owners would be doing a service to their clientele to dump that guy or at least mandate an uptempo song -or one from the current century-- every so often. I want to come back, but DAYUM does this guy make it hard to do so.
no cover , free coat check , piano bar, no creepy straight guys trying to grind up on me? check , check  check , and CHECK!

I found myself randomly here.. after a friend and I went shopping and decided it would be a splendid idea to get trashed .. since we had been shopping and had stuff we didn't want to be packed into the confounds of the numerous CC bars or old city bars with people spilling stuff all on our stuff.. so we wandered into the gayborhood.. 

we found out woodys had happy hour from 5-7 on a SATURDAY! drank a bunch there met some cool people and then ended up at tavern... 

the upstairs where apparently people get down on the dancefloor had a line.. I don't do lines .. and that's annoying ... so I stayed downstairs and listened to really great music being played and sang at the piano... it's great hearing old show tunes that you NEVER hear at the straight bars/clubs.. so that was definitely nice...the piano man took requests and would play while others sang.. many people got up there and sang very well .. I was surprised thinking I'd hear screeching.. but to the relief of my ears that did not occur.. 

this place like woodys does NOT accept credit.... that's a giant no-no for me.. despite that all is well!
piano bar filled with old queens.
empty upstairs
the door man is friendly, chatty and positively dreamy.
I really have mixed feelings about this place....

The dancing and people watching are pretty epic, but sometimes people get carried away. 

The bartenders are quite rude and act like they could care less if you're there or not.

Also, no glasses of water, only bottles. It makes me angry, I could have collapsed on the floor and died and the bartender would have still given me attitude and no water.

I may give this place yet another chance, because I love piano bars and dance clubs where the guys aren't trying to grind you.
Very nice piano bar downstairs with a dance floor upstairs.   They've renovated this since the last time I was here and it looks great.

Friendly crowd, great music, reasonably priced drinks and good service.  I'm a fan.
why does the fog machine smell like waffles???

i enjoy this place very much. the music is great. drinks are strong. all i need.
Maybe it's me, but I am over the bars where you have to shout to talk to anyone. Here, you definitely have to. The main source of volume, of course, is the Sound of Music tunes coming from the piano. The many a man standing around it belting out lyrics. And the drunk girl screaming them incoherently into a mic. 

This aside, it is what it is. Our group of ten or so were out for a friend's birthday last night. We stayed downstairs. The beer selection offers the standard unsatisfying options of Amstel, Blue Moon, Yuengling, Miller Lite, etc. Given the clientele, this seems to make sense. Nonetheless, I cringed to hear someone order a Miller Lite and to pay $4.50 for a Yuengling. 

To get your money's worth, you have to order liquor at TOC. Sonny/Sunny, the bartender, serves up good drinks. And they're only six or seven dollars. People here also seem to be big on shots. I'm regetting it now, but I went along with it last night.

As far as the bathroom, it's okay. Couples go have sex andor serious talks in the either gender one. So I wouldn't say it's THAT clean, you know?
Both my group of of gay friends and theater friends choose this as a usual hangout. Bartenders take a while and don't even smile or say "I'll be right with you" or make eye contact or say "thanks for patience everyone," but that's mostly because they are severely understaffed on a Sunday night which is usually popular. Credit card machine broke tonight which is not the fault of the patrons , bartender asked us to take out cash from atm. Which is understandable but ATM charges a fee.  Owners should really make sure that doesn't happen and should make Tsuru that bartender is compensated, patrons should not have to do that when our credit cards were already accepted behind the bar.
Bartender upstairs was super unfriendly when I asked for water. He told me to pay for a bottle after ignoring me and letting four men get drinks before me. Bad customer service... Won't be returning any time soon!
This was an absolute amazing experience. I wish I had found it sooner on my trip. I would have come back so many times. 

Amazing environment and great people.
This is a fun bar in the "gayborhood". While a mixed crowd, it does tend to be more men than woman ( birth certificate speaking:-). We were there after shroud dinner mix of men and women.

A very festive atmosphere with a great piano player and a lot of sing along and "open mike" singers. I was impressed by the quality of the guys that jumped up to to sing. Pretty much a compendium of show tunes (go figure right? ). Some stereotypes are accurate I guess lol. 

Little small but definitely a neighborhood vibe.  As long as you are comfortable in an alternative lifestyle bar and enjoy livid music, I'd recommend a visit - people watching is good as well.
Sorry to say walked upstairs to dance bar
With friend. I ordered cosmopolitan and bartender named Michael put a glass in front of me with a drink in it and I said I wanted a cosmo and he responded I'm too busy. I have no idea what was in the glass he placed in front of me but, if I order a cosmo and your unable to make one then let me know so I can go elsewhere!. What a Miserable person who has been working there way too long.
My friends and I were out for Halloween weekend and one of my friends made a request to the DJ. He said no and then had us removed from the bar. None of us were causing any problems, but the DJ just decided we weren't allowed in there any more because he didn't want to be interrupted. It was incredibly rude and unnecessary.
The upstairs bar has show-tunes Sunday and it is so much fun! They play songs from broadway, musicals, movies, and TV shows. It ranges from Disney & Glee to Spice World & Titanic. Downstairs is a piano bar with karaoke (in my experience it's a lot of ballads; a much slower pace than upstairs). 

The drinks are strong and you're in good company.
Tavern is one of my favorite gay bars in the country. It's in the gayborhood but just off in an alley where you feel like you are in on the secret when you find it. The bartenders are great, the drinks are "gay bar strong," and the piano player is a lot of fun. Defiantly a Philadelphia institution. If you are in town, stop in!
What a GEM!! I just fell in love with this spot.  So much fun, laid back and great people! 
Don't delay stopping by to have a great glass of wine and listen to some wonderful Piano music!  
I can't wait to go back.  There are 3 different venues and we did two - the dining room downstairs and the piano bar upstairs. 
The food was very good and the wine pours are healthy!! No skimping on oz's here !!
