Tavern on the Hill (formerly Hill Tavern) has transformed itself over the years from an everyday drinking bar to more of a gastro-pub atmosphere.  Indeed its warm back dining room is replete with  a fireplace and the woody front bar looks more clubby than dive.  An appeal to a wider clientele has resulted and now this spot is a quite popular dining venue.  There's even music on Friday evenings.

The food to me however is more often only average or just a little bit above. I recently had the French onion soup which was tasty enough but def not hot enough.  The green salad with bleu cheese dressing was standard which was fine.  My main course was a beef & cheese sandwich that was decidedly not something memorable or I would order again.  Where was the cheese? The sweet potato fries lacked crispness and appeared to just have been heated up.  My friend however reported very much enjoying his filet mignon dinner.
Side note - there were no condiments on the table including no salt or pepper and I gave up trying to flag down our busy waitress to get some pepper or hot sauce.

Despite all this, I actually like the Tavern on the Hill because of its atmosphere and location.  Staff are welcoming  as well. And they def have some good beer choices!
I wish I could delete a check in on yelp bc we didn't even end up eating here. We came in bc of the 4/5 stars and it's right next to McNalleys which is amazing. We were sat at a very small table for 2. There were 11 other tables with only one being used so we asked if it was ok to sit at a 4 top to have more room. We never expected the response we got. We were told that they sometimes get a rush which is understandable however there were only 2 other people in the whole place and they had just opened up. We were then told that they have regulars and God forbid we sat in their table. The staff was very rude and at that point we decided to take our business elsewhere. So basically if you're not a "regular" don't go here! PS we ate and chestnut hill grill and it was great! I think we'll leave the tavern on the hill and stick with McNalleys next door.
Number one best wings!  Last time I was there I had big plate of corned beef and cabbage with a pint of Guinness for less than $12!
Great service! I didn't come here for food. I came in for a glass of wine and ended up staying for 4 of them. I live across the street so it didn't really matter . The bar set up is extremely cute. The bartender was really friendly and provided great conversation. Next time I'll try some of their food.
I feel like the biggest jerk for living near Tavern on the Hill all these years and never stopping in until yesterday. We had dinner there last night, and it was a fantastic experience. We felt so welcome, by the owners, the staff, and the other patrons, that we are sure to be back soon. 

TH is a very small bar/restaurant that is easy to miss. There are probably 12 or so seats at the bar, and maybe 8 tables in the dining, and the aesthetic is a warm, country tavern sort of feel. 

We sat at the end of the bar, next where the owner was standing, unbeknownst to us. We started chatting about food, and we mentioned that my wife doesn't like mushrooms. He said, "if I send you out some of our mushroom fries for free, will you try them." Of course, we happily agreed, but my wife was skeptical. He brought them out shortly after, she tried them, and had to concede that she liked them! And well she should: they were amazing. They are basically portobello caps sliced, breaded, and fried, served with a mushroom aioli. Don't miss these. He also sent us out a free order of their summer slaw, which was amazing.

We read all of the Yelp reviews beforehand, so we knew that people love the wings and burger here, so we went for them. Good choice. This is seriously one of the best burgers in the city, and I travel around the city looking for the best burgers. They marinate the meat overnight, and whatever their marinade is is perfect--it imparts a subtle flavor to the meat, but doesn't get in the way. The bread and cheese here are also very high quality. Don't miss the wings, either. They are triple cooks (roasted, grilled, and fried) for the perfect texture. Again, a very unique, special dish. 

They are also open late for dinner, and have a special $9 after 9 menu, where certain fully composed plates (fish and chips; steak, mashed potatoes, and a vegetable; etc) are only $9. That's a killer deal, especially for people like us who always go out late.

All the while we were enjoying our food, the bartender was keeping our glasses full with some top-tier gin. He was such a nice guy. They really pour hard here, so you get your money's worth on liquor drinks. 

We also met some really nice regulars, including a local musician. Someone said in another review that this is not the place to come if you don't like to socialize. That seems to be true, at least at the bar. Luckily, we love to socialize. 

Anyway, if you are still reading: 1) apologies for my verbosity, and 2) definitely check this place out. We plan to be back shortly.
My wife and I really love going to this place.  The food is excellent, atmosphere is friendly and great, and the prices are spot on.  The chef there really comes up with some creative specials on a daily basis, but even the normal menu items (like burgers, fries, soups, etc.) are really good.  This place BY FAR has the best buffalo wings I have ever had.  Now, you might have just read that as this place has really good buffalo wings.  What I said was, "This place *BY FAR* has the best buffalo wings I have ever had."  Call me predictable, but I order them 9 out of 10 times I go to the restaurant.

Great place!
After moving to the area this past summer, I quickly became a regular at Tavern on the Hill.  This small, cozy spot has so much to offer those looking to get a good meal at a reasonable price.  The service at the Tavern is amazing.  When you walk through the door, you're sure to be greeted by the restaurant's bartender, who seems to know everyone in town by name.  The waitresses are also very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Before you leave you're sure to meet ownership at some point because they always seem to be in house.  

As far as food goes, Tavern on the Hill will leave you with a full stomach and a smile on your face.  All the food here tastes extremely fresh.  There are a few menu items I can personally recommend.  The wings are some of the best you'll find.  They are on the large side and prepared with a thick, delicious home-made hot sauce that will leave you craving more.  You also have to try the pulled-beef sandwich with horseradish sauce on the side.  It is my favorite sandwich and I've probably had it four or five times now.  And just in case you walk in and you see prime rib on the specials menu, get it.  Simply huge.  That's all I'm gonna say.  

Give it a shot.  You won't be disappointed.
Went here a while ago and have been meaning to write a review.
Dined here on a weekend night with friends. 
Acceptable wait time for a table for such a night.
Nice cozy small bar with a great mixed neighborhood clientele.
Nice beer choices, the food was excellent.
I had the lamb burger special, or of this world. I cannot remember what else we ordered since it was a few months ago.  Suffice it to say, everything was excellent and we will definitely be returning soon.
We went months ago for a quizzo type event.  We ended up eating there as well.  The service was great, and we even won a round of free drinks since we were in the lead for the quizzo.

But, the food was meh.  My mushroom soup was ok but the wellingtons tasted like they were frozen and microwaved. 

It was very crowded but mainly with an older crowd.  We definitely did not feel as welcome as twenty somethings, but the service was very nice.  I don't think I'd ever go back, since Chestnut Hill has some other great places with better food.
This feels like a local hang out. Very good food-fresh and delicious, homey pub-like ambience, Very friendly staff, funny and prompt. 
Just beware of the upgrades from chips to fries. They cost extra. 
Also the extras on your burgers cost, so ask before you buy. Not that the extras and upgrades aren't worth it they totally are, but the cost will take you by surprise if  you don't ask.
This is my local, because it's friendly and cosy, and the bartender is awesome. They've got delicious sweet potato fries! Everyone loves the burgers. They have unique soup specials. You can usually get a seat at the bar, and they've also got a nice table area for meals.
Thrilled that this place is just a few blocks from my apartment.  My wife and I had dinner there on Friday night and were pretty impressed.  

The ambiance was great, the food was quality and the prices were actually reasonable (for Chestnut Hill).  We ordered the pulled beef sandwich with aioli dressing, a burger, spicy fries and portobello fries as a starter (awesome).  Also had the chocolate bread pudding cake for dessert and coffee (which was apparently from the Chestnut Hill Coffee Co. next door).  All were delicious.  The spicy fries were a bit intense for my liking (especially when eating a full plate of them), but were good nonetheless.  Cheap beer, too.  $3.50 for Kenzinger pints.  Score.  (Apparently they have 1/2 price drafts at happy hour from 5-7 M-Th.)

The service was quick and friendly.  Our server brought us a takeout menu and Chestnut Hill guide when we told her we had just moved into the neighborhood.

Overall, a great spot.  It's simple-ish and unpretentious but much nicer and more cozy than your average pub.  This place might just be our default in Chestnut Hill for a while ...
When this tavern first opened, I had a hard time convincing my wife to go there. It took about 4 or 5 times of going there for her to realize that this was to be our favorite restaurant ever. We like to have real meals, that include a vegetable. Typical tavern fare often lacks this basic vital element of a meal. We have been going there now for at least a couple years, and we are never disappointed. On the rare occasion that is dish is not to our liking, they ALWAYS make sure we are satisfied.

The chef has an excellent grasp on the nuances of food. He really gets the details right.

Thursday and Friday nights feature live music, and it is always a delight. I always make sure I give a good tip to the musicians. After 9 PM, they no longer serve entrees, but they have their "$9 after nine" menu. It's a small selection of downsized entrees for $9, plus they still serve appetizers, sandwiches, and salads.

If you are there before 9 PM, the specials board usually has at least three entrees not on the regular menu, and they are always extraordinary.

The staff here all seem to love their jobs. The atmosphere is always upbeat and friendly.

We keep saying that we should go somewhere else for dinner once in a while, but we always end up going to our favorite Tavern on the Hill.
What's with all the negativity already?  This is our favorite haunt in Chestnut Hill.  The food's really good and affordable, the dining room cool, the jazz and swing hot, and the service respectable and friendly.  What's not to like?
Absolutely the best wings I've had in a decade. After a great round of golf, a bud and I stopped in for a beer and a bite to eat. Bartenders were super friendly in this literally top of the hill local tavern, even the people sitting around the bar were like old friends as well. 

We ordered a few beers and the wings in the suggested BBQ and hot sauce blend. DAMN THESE ARE GOOD!! The perfect sized wing with an amazing sauce cooked perfectly!! My buddy told me how good these were but he was not lying. This is going to be my new spot for wings! I also got the tuna salad sandwich on pumpernickel and took the fries as they were suggested. The tuna was very fresh and as advertised, the fries were awesome. 

If you're in the Chestnut Hill area looking for a casual bite to eat, I would highly recommend the Tavern on the hill
I bought a $100 gift card for my parents for Christmas. They never received the gift card. I called the restaurant 3 times on this issue over the course of two and a half weeks. They never contacted me back, though every single time they said they would. I also emailed them the receipt of my purchase, after telling them on the phone I would, to no response. What a terrible place. Do not dine here, as they clearly are thieves.
What a charming little restaurant! My husband and I came to Tavern on the Hill on Saturday evening for an early dinner. From the moment we walked in we felt welcome. The dining room is small, and we were seated at a nice table next to the fireplace. Our waitress was wonderful. She let us try a taste of the white Bordeaux before we committed to a bottle. The wine was delicious and price was great. For an appetizer we got the buffalo shrimp. I'm not a huge seafood person but this was delicious. Grilled shrimp with a delicious carrot and celery slaw. For dinner I had the filet and my husband had the redfish special. Both were good. Dessert was amazing - we got the key lime pie and the blueberry crumble and both were amazing. We will definitely be back!
No frills. Great atmosphere. Healthy pours from the bartenders. Food is always consistent, and there is always a nice rotation of local drafts. 

My wife and I frequent this bar/restaurant pretty often. We always sit at the bar, so I cannot speak to the dinner experience.   It can get pretty crowded during the evenings or weekends, which may require a brief wait for bar seating. This establishment is frequented by locals and at times they can be chatty or boisterous. 

If you are ever in the Chestnut Hill area, and you are looking for friendly service, solid food and an authentic feel- give Tavern On the Hill a shot.

P.S. I am a fan of the Turkey/Brie/Cranberry sauce sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries.
Very nice place.  Very good cheesesteak.  They don't kill you on the price.  But this cheesesteak was oily.  Very nice bar.  Nice heavy wood decor.  I guess it's what you would expect for Chestnut Hill.  But not a killer Chestnut Hill price.  I really want to love this cheesesteak but it was oily.  The bartender said they have a pepper medley / concoction so I got it on my cheesesteak.  I assume the oil came from that.  The roll was good and it held together nicely.  The meat was a nice thicker slice and more of a shred than a chop and it's flavor came through in a very flavorful cheesesteak.  The pepper medley/concoction was very flavorful, nice big thick chunks like I like but where the heck did all that oil come from. I went with provolone cheese and I'm really glad.  This cheesesteak needed a heavy cheese. I am pretty sure I had a very good experience but where did all that darn oil come from.
I am a regular. I love this place.  I am very close to making another choice.  The food has gone way down in the past couple of months.  Even the go tos food classic like wings taste off.  A lot of food taste frozen.  A lot of burgers and fries are inconsistent.  It is is breaking my heart.  The owner has been observed yelling at this staff one too many times.  It is so uncomfortable.  The staff is the MAIN reason why we (and many) others come.  I am worried...I hope that this gets their attention to bring in quality ingredients and cooks ASAP!
So we went to the chestnut hill ice festival tonight. That turned out to be pretty underwhelming. Tavern On the Hill saved the night! 
Watching ice melt made us hungry. So we started walking down the Ave. very few places to eat along the strip. So I turned to Yelp for help. 
Tavern was a 4 minute walk so we braved it. 
We got there and it looked pretty full. I asked what turned out to be the owner hoe long the wait was. He replied "how long do you want to wait?" Then he say is at the first table that opened up! He also sat down with us for a minute. He was super nice and accommodating. Our waitress was great too. Everyone was very attentive even though it was full. 
I got the ribs and they were excellent. The meat fell right off the bone! It came with sweet potato fries that were great. Crispy just like I like them. I finished off my night with rice pudding. That was really fantastic. Oh yeah the ribs come with a side of apple slaw that was delicious. 
If I lived around this place I could see myself being a regular. There was a live piano player which was awesome.
Great atmosphere, very good food, service was friendly and brisk. The soups were noteworthy. Parking can be found behind the place off Rex Ave/ Hilltop Rd.
Cool spot for dinner! Only has about 8 tables but the food is very good. They have about ten specialty cocktails, my boyfriend had one and it was pretty gross. We also gave the bartender a specific drink order and she botched it pretty good.  

My friend and I split a bottle of wine (Stella Pinot Grigio $26) and instead of putting it on ice in front of us, the waitress takes it to the back and keeps it there.. Hmm? 

I had the pork sandwich (pretty standard), boyfriend had the special veal Marsala (he loved it) and my friend had the sautéed chicken which she liked very much. 

The host was very creepy and our waitress was pretty bad but the piano player in the corner was very good, the ambiance was a cool tavern feel and the food was good. 

3 Stars only because of the awkward service and poor cocktail execution. Stick to wine or beer here.
The worst treatment and meal I have ever tasted. I was looking forward to dining on their specialty ribs recommended by a very good friend just to have a good start to my new year only to be disappointed by a last minute change in menu. I fasted all day waiting for my rib craving to be satisfied and in its place was an appetizer of  overcooked tasteless fried shrimp and a pickled salad that made me want to regurgitate it. My entree was something resembling a baked tomato and a steak that was actually cooked somewhat well and horseradish mashed potatoes without the horseradish.
That was the meal now for the treatment and atmosphere they sat us the only african american couple next to not only the coffee pot and storage area but we were fortunate enough to be blessed with being near the bathroom and a closet as well with all that you would think the waitress sporting dreads would be understanding ... Sadly no she was without any personality or compassion. I will never dine at Tavern on the Hill ever !!! not because of the night but because they knew how we were treated and did nothing to improve our experience. STAY AWAY !!!
Tavern on the Hill has probably the best burgers in the area Hands Down. A little pricey but well worth it.
Our server was this super sweet waitress named Leah. She made the experience all the more pleasant. I think for my burger cravings, and just to have a casual, and laid back good time, Tavern is my new spot!
This place is a cute little place for a bite. I have been there twice and took advantage of the 9 after 9 menu. It's there lower price menu they offer after 9 pm Last night i had the petite steak and veggies. It was a small portion dish but it was good. 

The staff was kind and attentive. I would recommend this place
Went to lunch there yesterday after not wanting to stay at Valley Green Inn because of two large parties. The Tavern was quaint but cold inside as someone, the owner or a worker were always going in and out the back door where the dining room sat. It was a long wait after my bf got his lukewarm clam chowder and our lunch was served. Only one waitress, who was pleasant, but couldn't describe the lunch that I ordered which were two very over cooked and very thin chicken strips with 2 tsps of very cold black beans served on the side and some dipping sause with a little lettice. It was an appetizer but  small for $9. My bf ordered the the Greek Salad which was a Special. That was tasty but no anchovies, egg or pepper. And of course no bread or rolls were even offered. I don't get it that a lot of restaurants do not even ask. They however, should just bring. Don't know why it took close to 1/2 hour for our food. Place was not that busy at 1pm on a Monday and the bar was empty. I was still hungry when I left and went next door for a slice of pizza and to get warm. Definitely would not go back,, so many other places to go.
Food was good, but for over $200 for four, there are many other places with better atmosphere and food, and service.  Service was so horrific that we only left a 10% tip, way too generous in my opinion.  On the way out we mentioned to the owner that the service left something to be desired.  He told us if we didn't like it, we should go to McSorleys.  Nice attitude.  We would never go back, nor recommend it to anyone.
My wife and I loved the classic decor. It reminded us of a cozy pub in Ireland. And just like the nostalgic atmosphere, there was something understated and refined about the food. The crab soup was delightful. I had the tuna melt and my wife had the turkey, cranberry, and brie sandwich. Overall, I enjoyed how the chef experimented with classic American dishes and sandwiches. Their attention to detail and friendly staff will bring us back. Pictured is a deconstructed key lime pie. Highly recommend this place.
Came here with S/O on a chilly Saturday evening for dinner after scoping it out numerous times online, but being perplexed by their website displaying a menu that says its from Fall/Winter 17-18 (2 years later??)  Whatever though... Overall, cool ambience, great service, meh on the food and LOL DUH at unearned Chestnut Hill pricing, but nothing disqualifying. I'd give it a second try. Not exactly in a rush and not with high culinary expectations, but for some casual pub grub during a non-peak time. 

The spot is SMALL and borders on claustrophobic, so if that's not your thing, this isn't for you. It's probably small Because it's OLD, but in a really charming way: dark wood, dimly lit, Paul Revere-y. 

We had to wait 20 mins-ish in the "bar area" -- aka along the wall behind people seated at the bar -- for a table. Fine by me as the person waiting, but if you're eating at the bar during a busy time, expect lots of people on your tail with drinks and money being exchanged inches from your head... that would get to me, but not everyone.  

While waiting I noticed lots of plates w/ yummy looking sandwiches and fries! 

We were seated at a cozy, bordering on cramped, table for 2. I ordered a cup of Manhattan clam chowder: good not great w/ potatoes a little undercooked and  kinda steep at $5 for a SMALL cup. Against my better judgement when dining somewhere for the first time, I threw caution to the wind and ordered a fish special from the chalkboard with no pricing listed. When my plate came I was a bit disappointed: small portion of fish, small portion of gratin, and one stalk of broccoli rabe, seriously. Why are you even putting that on my plate if it's not even masquerading as a full serving? The fish was well prepared but I found the sweet potato gratin totally off-putting, overly sweet, overly cheesy: $27! S/O ordered a burger: nothing special and in fact, described it as  "bland and tasteless." 

Good fries, which, cool, I guess.
Order was ready exactly on time. The beef and cheddar with horseradish sauce on the side is one of the yummiest sandwiches I've tasted in a long time! Will, definitely, be ordering from them again.
As I sit, with my big old glass of cab and eating my portabello fries, I ponder the meaning of life.  I'm pretty sure I found it.  Portobello fries and wine.  If you  go here and do not try these, you will have missed out on one of lifes joys (and possibly a new wonder of the world).  I also had the pulled beef sandwich with horseradish cream and OMG. OMG, did I write OMG yet?  Plus the bartender was a little hottie!  It's small and gets crowded fast, but worth every second if you have to wait.  GET THE PORTOBELLO FRIES IMMEDIATELY.  Make sure you grab a glass of wine as well!
If there's any place that pulls off the tavern aesthetic, its this one. Amazing! So dark, so cozy. Maybe if they had a fireplace it would be better. It feels like my living room, but with better food, that comes to me, that I pay for. Good times!

Very friendly waitress, the turkey cranberry brie sandwich does indeed taste like "a little thanksgiving." And only like $8!

I think the side of potato chips could have been, you know, mayyybe just a bit more upscale. But I scrunched them and added to the sandwich. You know, when life gives you lays, you make laymonade.

Highly recommend.
Recent special of roasted and grilled chicken (don't ask me how) was really good and not overpriced at $16-$17. Good place to face the start of the blizzard on a Friday night, the room and the bar filled up and everyone was in a special mood, including the staff. Love it.
Solid go to place on the avenue. sandwiches are always decent. Service is polite, efficient and friendly. French onion soup is my go to there. My wife frequents the bar for happy hour with her close friend and they love the bartender.
My sister and I walked in and all 3 of the servers stood by the bar and said nothing to us until 2 minutes later when we asked if we should seat ourselves, the server  asked if we wanted a table. Duh!! We then changed our minds and walked out because the mood was killed. We wont go back!
Servers were super sweet, and attentive without being overbearing.  My drink was just ok--I've had better Manhattans in my life.  Crowd was mixed young and old.  Not especially kid friendly, but I didn't see an overwhelming reason not to bring them.  The food was fine--nothing you can't get everywhere else, nothing especially exciting, but nothing supremely disappointing.  Dinner for four with an appetizer, 6 drinks, 4 entrees/specials, and a couple desserts ran about $200 with tip, but for that price, I'm used to getting something much more interesting on my plate/in my glass.   TOTH was the choice of the least adventerous eater in our group, who ADORES it.  It was predictable food with nice service.  If that's what you want, this is your place, but I think life is too short not to explore the fabulous dining options Philly offers.
My boyfriend and I are regulars here, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming and the food is delicious!  Gerard cooks the best chicken wings in Philadelphia (my BF says best in the world!). Our other favourites are the fillet mignon, pulled beef and horseradish, and spicy fries, which are scrumptious!  If you have room after all that, the rice pudding is delicious!
I tried this spot after slinking out of a horrible tavern in town. I'm new to the area so I made the mistake of not checking Yelp beforehand. None the less the night was saved the moment I walked through the door of this great place. 

The little bar with fantastic music and great bartenders are only part of the reason to stop in. The food is reportedly amazing we only had dessert and it was fantastic. Their mixed drinks (especially the Gone With The Wind) are really fun as well. 

I am so happy to have found this spot. Any place where people are reading and playing chess at any given time at the bar makes it a great find for this girl!
Went there for dinner tonight. All three of us had a bad meal. The fish tacos were bland - just fried fish, cabbage and sour cream - no salsa or sauce. The burger was supposed to be medium rare, it was just rare. The veal Parmesan was completely dry. Definitely disappointing.
Love the food.  Can't stand the weekend music.  Reverend Chris needs to update his repertoire and skills.   It's only because people are working on a buzz that this hack still works there because no one really listens to this crap.  I get the Katrina survivor schtick but this guy must be servicing the staff in other ways to remain employed here for so long.  It's either that or they are hearing impaired or tone deaf.   Staff is good.  Food is good.  Ambience is good.   Please get rid of that tiresome commercial hack.  It's the reason that I never go there on weekends.  I really miss the old days.
this is such a neat place. The food is diverse and interesting, the service is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and the whole ambiance is cozy and warm. I was there on a night when they had live music, and it was just really wonderful. Also, they have pineapples hidden all over the restaurant which is just quirky and fun. It can get a bit crowded but it's worth it.
I've eaten/imbibed here maybe 10 times since their "restoration", and our visit last Saturday night was the best.  We spent some time at the bar waiting for friends, and the drinks were substantial and very good.  The person behind the bar was more of a mixologist than a bartender, offering a nice variation on my wife's Sidecar. My Manhattan was very good as well.  

I had the Fried Oysters appetizer on the specials board, which were perfectly crispy on the outside and delicious all the way thru. Fellow diners had the Stuffed Mushrooms with Shrimp and Bacon app, again, very good (but not a good as my oysters).  One friend had the Shrimp/Vegi soup which consumed quickly and with little slurping.  He was pleased with the flavor and consistency.

As an entree I had the fluke with honey citrus sauce, but got the sauce on the side.  The fish didn't need it, it was excellently spiced and prepared.  I heard good comments about the filet tips as well.  Our waiter, Henry, was very accommodating and put up with our occasionally raucous behavior.   All-in-all great drinks, food and experience.
I was extremely disappointed by the pretentious environment and condescending behavior. After the bartender got my drink order wrong at the bar he mocked the tip for my $9 purchase (which should have been $6 if he got the order right). He actually pulled a fellow diner of mine aside to make a derogatory comment about my company. I will never go back to this place.
We tried this place today and was pleasantly surprised how great the food and service was. We ordered the French onion soup,  crab cake sandwich , lamb burger which were all delicious.  This  cozy place is a true gem in Chestnut Hill.
A quaint little spot with the friendliest staff and rich,  hearty food. The pineapple theme is playful yet done classily. Highlights: the pork sandwich, and portabella mushroom fries.

Some of the prices are a bit high for what you get. Not a fan of the ribs
Very small intimate place with a piano player to set the mood. I went there with a friend to grab a drink and it was casual but elegant. I have yet to sit down and eat but look forward too it some time soon.
My husband and daughters and I had lunch at the tavern for the first time today. I was really happy with the service and the food. Upon walking in they were warm and chatted with my 3yo daughter and asked about the baby. Could there be anything nicer then your waitress calling you "love" and "darlin"?? I ordered a grilled chix sandwich with roasted red peppers, spinach and melted provolone on a toasted kaiser and it was really good. Just about every restaurant has a version of this sandwich and this one was great. My husband got a cheeseburger with fries and said it was really good and had nice fresh veggies. My daughter got the tortilla chip crusted chicken fingers and she ate just about the whole thing! We will definitely be back for the thanksgiving sandwich as almost everyone in the restaurant ordered it! Nice place.
Love this place! The homey atmosphere makes you feel like you instantly fit in and the friendly service also makes it a real winner. One of my first nights in Chestnut Hill I visited the Tavern with some friends and when the owner learned that we were new to the area he quickly ordered us a round of drinks on the house! I also spent New Years Eve here and it was such a nice time...tons of champagne at midnight and the crowd was so friendly and fun! So much better than a jam packed bar downtown. I have to say though that there is usually an older crowd here but nonetheless everyone is very friendly and welcoming!
As for food, I love their bbq wings because they are absolutely huge and the sauce is oh so good! The spinach and egg salad is also yummy and all of their dressings are homemade which doesn't hurt! You definitely can't beat their $9 after 9pm menu which has an amazing petite filet with potatoes and veggies!! Best deal on the ave by far! 
The Tavern is a great place for a drink, dinner with friends, date night, or even a quiet dinner alone! Be sure to stop in...you won't be disappointed!
I just had the worst experience ever at this place. The burger was okay, but the customer service was terrible. The lady at the bar got angry when we asked for separate checks, AND SHE THREW HER PEN AT US. When all of us decided to pay with credit card, she said, "Why don't you just make things easy on me and pay with cash?" My friends were generous and tipped her $1 each. While walking out, she said, "Really, a dollar? We make $3 an hour!"
Went for dinner on a Sunday night. Very friendly staff, very welcoming. Started off with wine and draft beer and an appetizer. Drinks were great, the "Shrooms" (potato and cheese stuffed mushrooms) were a bit on the bland side, but still good. 

I had a turkey, brie and cranberry (homemade sauce) panini and it was TO DIE FOR. So delicious, I'd go back for it again for sure. Fiance had the fish special; he said it was good, probably not worth what he paid for it. 

I'd say go, drink and eat BAR food. That's what they seem to be really good at. 

We'll be back!
Great local, cozy place, with very warm and friendly service - the owner makes it a point to say hello when you come in.  Service is very attentive, back dining room is intimate but not crowded or noisy.  There's a cool bar area in the front to get drinks and watch a game.  Been for dinner a few times, which is usually great - there are lots of specials to mix it up.  Only thing I would advise against is getting the more ethnic dishes (e.g., the pasta), but that holds true for any ethnic food in any non-ethnic restaurant.  

Overall though, a deservedly loved local institution.
I previously walked into the Tavern to be greeted with unfriendly looks likened to a "what are you doing here?" The crowd appeared to be 30's and up and I am in my early twenties. This dissuaded me from taking the dive and giving it a try.

I visited Tavern on the HIll on a Sunday afternoon after church with my wife and two friends. I ordered the Chicken breast sandwich with lettuce, tomato, onion and a side of spicy fries. My wife ordered the veggie burger with a side of chips. All 4 of us had water so I cannot speak of the bar service nor drinks.

My chicken sandwich was served on a burger roll, chicken was juicy, and the fries were spicy but not overbearing. For a measly $9 + $2.50 for the fries, the meal exceeded my expectations for similarly priced food. Our "waterboy"/food runner was disheveled and had no manners. All four of us said thank you when he filled our waters and brought our food, but none of us received a peep for a response. Finally my wife made eye contact with him and said "Thank you," to which I replied "You're welcome honey" on the waiters behalf. From that point forward we were served by the bartender. The young boy had a slumped gait, yet my 3 star review does not reflect his inadequacies.

The bartender was nice and served our food promptly and relatively accurately (she used no notepad and made 2 minor errors on the order).

Would I return?
Probably. I do not live in the neighborhood, but I would give it another shot because of the foods tastiness relative to its price.
I am a regular here and I love it. The staff are great. The food is great. Happy hour, 5-7 Monday thru Thursday half off pints, 4$ wine. 

My only beef is that the crew is not willing to let me and a group of five or six guys have a table during happy hour. Sometimes they will, but its an inconvenience at best.
Stopped in last night for dinner and a drink.  We had the crab cake and pulled pork sandwiches and an order of baby back ribs and everyone enjoyed their meal.  For apps we had the gazpacho and the chicken corn chowder, both of which were very good.  Beer selection was just OK so instead we had their "botanist" drink which was excellent.  

Ambiance felt like you were in a London pub - all the dark wood paneling Victorian style wallpaper.  Will definitely be back.
I had the most amazing dinner here Tuesday night.. Sat at the bar, I ordered curried lamb, veggies and potatoes. I was skeptical of curried lamb,didn't quite know what to expect but it was crazy good.
happy hour 
This is my after work hangout so I enjoy the happy hour, great bartenders and friendly patrons.
Always great food, well prepared and excellent and friendly service.  The decor is top notch in a  genuine way.  The Cheese steak sandwiches are the best and  the full dinners are wonderful.  Here is a place you cannot go wrong.  I have had many meals here in the past 3 years and all have been excellent. Can get crowded, but that is because it is the place to be.
My friend and I wandered in after exploring the arboretum near by. We sat by the bar and were pleasantly surprised by the welcoming patrons and bar tender. He let me try a few local brews before I picked a beer. The music in the background can't be described as anything besides perfect. This little gem isn't your average bar, with delicious items on the menu and the specials list. So many things are made daily- salad dressings, even fresh cut steak for a Philly cheesesteak. Everything was delicious. Not quite a tshirt kind of place, a little bit better. They also serve half pints! A++
Tried out tavern during Chestnut Hill Restaurant Week and did not disappoint. The place is no frills. It's a small bar and a small dining area in the back, but don't be fooled the food is homemade and delicious.

I ordered off of the restaurant week menu and got a cup of the daily soup, their cold poached salmon over salad, and then the brownie ice cream for desert. My friend got the wings. Apparently they are known for their wings here. The chef is very talented.

Overall service was ok. There is only one waitress for the dining area and since it was restaurant week they were packed. She only came back to our table twice the entire meal. Not a problem as we enjoyed our meals and the company.
I must tell the Truth. We were in the area to stop at the place next door and came in here by mistake which was not a mistake AT ALL. First of all we were greeted by a Kool Distinguished Gentlemen Jeff who is the Host and  Our waitress Allie I can't say enough about, pleasant, courteous, very attentive and made this experience such a delight. Even though the place is small it's all you need to enjoy the Banging Food. We first tried the Chili which is Great, Cheeseburger Great, The Cheese Steak Great and the size of my Wife's Cosmo..Amazing!!!  For the Cozy classy atmosphere and all the Great Food/Service the prices wasn't Bad.........Thank You Guys we will return and highly recommend
New management? Maybe that is why things are much better. It seems the menu got a good update, and the fish special I had was fantastic.

 I'm glad this placed turned around from what it was. Still great people and great music, but now the food is much better... It's definitely back on the list.
No. Why does this place have four stars? The music is great, the bar is a bar with friendly staff an patrons, but the food I've had is frustratingly bad. 

I've been back a few times, as I never give a bad review based off one experience. The first food item I had was the burger. I figured this is a super safe option. It wasn't good. I can't put my finger on why, but I don't think I finished it. 

I was there recently to try again. The stuffed mushroom bites were good... Curried chicken, veggies, etc., but super small. For nine bucks it seemed silly to have four mini mushrooms on a big ten inch plate. It even looked funny. 

The clincher was the chicken salad. It is hard to do wrong here. The salad was, of course, fine. The chicken tasted inedible. It was obviously frozen, and had a rubbery, cardboardy flavor.

When the bartender came over to check in and saw my plate it seemed as if she wasn't terrible surprised that the salad was gone, and all but two bites of the grilled chicken were piled to the side of the plate. 

I will continue to go here, but don't foresee ordering any food anytime soon.
