Ignore Dawn.

This place is great. The food was amazing, the menu was very modern. Out server was excellent. I agree the staff has strong enthusiasm which did seem like they were really trying to win you over desperately, but I think they're genuinely excited for their new look. The decor is beautiful and the projector that comes out of the patio deck to play the game on the outdoor wall is brilliant.

This place is still priced right for the blue collar residents that Dawn is talking about. But Dawn, just because you are blue collar (as am I) doesn't mean you have to settle for sitting in a place that looks like a blue collar dive. 

Taylor's has revamped their look, attitude and menu keeping the same neighborhood prices. I think it's a brilliant step in the right direction and a change of pace that the neighborhood needed. Hopefully more places in Roxborough can follow suit so that Ridge can liven up from its run down looks.
The food is great and John our server was very courteous.  The owner stopped by to ask us how our meal was; we will be back.  

My wife had he Bleu Burger I had the Chicken Breast Panini.  Both great
I recommend Taylor's as a go-to breakfast spot for anyone living in the area. The food is good and the prices are reasonable. This old dust hole recently received a much needed face-lift. I have to say that I like the new look of the place. When I say face-lift, I mean complete overhaul. The inside is brand new from top to bottom. The old, beat up tables and seats are outta here. Taylor's now has a nice outdoor seating area available in the back. 

Hopefully Taylor's renovation along with the Foodery and Cornerstone Inn are a sign of things to come in this part of Roxborough. You see some bona fide Ridge Rats on this stretch of the Ave. I think anyone who cares about their neighborhood can appreciate the upgrade.
The atmosphere is great, service was excellent, food was delicious. Not your average brunch/lunch spot on ridge. Worth a visit! If you want a beer stop next door at the foodery or bring your own!
food, service and atmosphere... all in one. we had breakfast and it was delish. really cool place to go in rox.
Taylor's is Bob's hipper cousin. Great addition to Rox. Staff is  enthusiastic. Enough specialty options for those seeking more than meat and potatoes.
Solid value.  Food is inventive and really tasty.  The breakfast was average fare with some neat egg dishes thrown in.  This place wins because the service was top notch, it's sparkling clean and has a new mod decor that makes it feel as though you are in some hip joint in center city. Chalkboard menu, TV's with ESPN, a cool outdoor space, servers who are actually glad you came.

La Colombe coffee and Le Bus breads elevate this place above the usual Ridge Ave breakfasts places.  I wish they would get some real cream, served cold in a proper pourer vs the little sysco pre-packaged creamers.  That is my only complaint.  There coffee is so great that it needs to be served with proper cream.

I would definitely go back and I think, with time, and a better following, this place will be filled on the weekends.  They do dinner as well which I plan on trying.  A real gem of an addition to the burgeoning food scene on Ridge Ave.  Stop next door at the foodery for some byo beer.

In conclusion, it's really good, creative food at a good price point in a fun atmosphere with great service.  Please get proper coffee cream:)
Came here during a weekday for breakfast. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. The restaurant is stylish, trendy, and clean. Even the bathroom was clean. The back patio area is nice too. The kitchen is open too which is nice. I got the blueberry pancakes. The pancakes were good just wish the blueberries were larger. They were pretty small and on the website they are a lot larger. They have La Colombe coffee which I love. Just wish they offered soy or fat free milk so I could get a latte. But I had to settle on half & half for my coffee. I will come back next time for lunch to see how that is. Overall a good place to get a bite to eat and it's BYOB.
I never visited Taylor's before the recent overhaul, but I can say that the new place is amazing!  Food is great!  The staff is super-friendly and helpful with suggestions.
Banana Boat with a side of beef bacon GRADE A+++. Staff is cool, the place looks nice, plenty of table space & seating space. You must order the BANANA BOAT!!!
Yes, Please ignore Dawn. Any business owner with half a brain would agree that attracting not only your blue collar demographic paired with your local college crowd is intelligent and optimal.  That's how businesses make money and eliminate unwanted patrons.  I am also blue collar,  work hard for my money, and I want to spend it and enjoy it in a great place, instead of the mess that Taylor's used to be i.e. 
Bums and drunkards loitering and drooling on the tables mixed with Dawn and her angry friends that are somehow content with mediocrity.  Anyway,   Very Nice Upgrade from the old Taylor's.  I wish I knew about the renovations sooner so I didn't have to walk to Bobs and wait in line, Plenty of seating here. 

PROs: Friendly Waitstaff, Fresh Squeezed OJ,  Sustainable food, Local Eggs (yes you can tell the difference if you aren't a goat) La Colombe Coffee, Le Bus Breads, Sweet Streets Desserts, BYO Beer, Wine, or Champagne for Mimosas, A Real Barista,  Excellent Food, Simple Menu, Outdoor Seating and lots of other extras.

CONs: Warm not HOT food, need better advertising, local business coupon deals, (Foodery, Wine stores, Planet Fitness etc.) 

Recommendations: 
Expo to coordinate chefs.  Food runners need to be on standby near the food pass to run food as quickly as possible. Warmer plates, Heat lamps if necessary but they dry out and overcook food if it sits. Serve it as it comes and have the cooks time things better and quicker in groups.  ( That's easy for him to say right?) Wrong, I have worked 15 years in Fine Dining and High volume foodservice....1000+ persons daily from scratch.  Pick up the pace boys and snag the 5th star, this place is almost there.    

The new Manager knows what he is doing and sources the best equipment, decor,  and food possible, I hope to see business spike in the spring/summer and open for dinner.  This is true competition for Manayunk Diners, and should help raise the bar for the other  Roxborough  dumps that harbor slobs and bums that are too lazy to work. This would be a great late dinner or small plates spot at night, maybe a hangout with Bar Snacks and music, card games,  when the weather is nicer.
We tried this place on the last Friday (Nov. 4, 2013).  First of all, I like the interior very much.  It was very modern, clean and opened up.  I think the dining area was kinda divided into three sections, each with different style.   We ordered grilled chicken with avocado sauce and ribeye steak, and we liked it.  The root beer based sauce was a little sweeter than my taste, but gorgonzola cheese made it up for me.  The place seemed a bit over-staffed, but I liked it because the server was really attentive.  We shared apple crunch cake for a dessert which was pretty good with a cup of espresso (I liked coffee better than the cake.)  I will try this place again for a brunch, and will try freshly squeezed orange juice (they have a cool-looking juice maker).
This place is AWESOME!!! 

Our venue had cancelled on us hours before our party and Taylor's was able to accommodate our party of 38 on two hours notice. They handled everything wonderfully. The staff is excellent. The food, AMAZING!!!! And the decor and atmosphere was perfect and had a futuristic feel. I would recommend this place ten times over. I look forward to hosting future events here.
Still blown away by the renovation-- the place is beautiful and clean.  The staff seem really happy and eager to accommodate.  I've been there for breakfast twice since they reopened and will definitely go back regularly.  The food is good.  I got bacon and eggs, so it was pretty basic but everything was prepared to specification and yummy.  The coffee was flowing, and they do not seem to be in a hurry to get you in and out, which was nice.  Sounds like they've got some exciting plans for their outdoor space in the spring, too!  People of the 19128-  support this place!  It's a definite upgrade for Ridge.
I got the Benedict salmon and it came out just as I wanted. The salmon salad was also amazing - get it with the wine vinaigrette dressing!
I've stopped here for breakfast several times, have never been disappointed. Staff is very friendly, although counter staff could be a bit more attentive. They haven't quite got the diner style "coffee, honey?" question out before you even sit down at the counter. Okay, this isn't really a diner, I guess? But after that, it was pretty smooth sailing. When the food arrives, which is promptly, there shouldn't be any complaints. The menu has an extensive selection of breakfast items. Most recently, I tried the tofu omelette with egg whites, which was filing without being so heavy/greasy as omelettes can be. Will be back.
this is our go to weekend brunch spot.  french toast with bananas is great.  wife always gets the huevos rancheros.  place is clean and has a stylish modern casual decor.  open air kitchen.  staff is attentive and earnest
solid traditional diner breakfast fare with good coffee, friendly staff, and snazzy decor.
homefries are rösti style with option of peppers and onion. BYOB.
Went here the other day for breakfast, it was great!  SO much better than Bob's, which is right down the street.  Our server was awesome and was very helpful with everything.  The food was served quickly and tasted delicious!  The portions aren't huge, but it was delectable.  The renovations have really done great things for this place! I can't wait for the warm weather to enjoy their outdoor seating area!  Remember that it's a BYO!
The old Taylor Cafe was horrible , Dirty, dingy, with so so food and literally the worst service in the area. None the less I used to eat there. Nostalgia I guess. So I try the new incarnation and it's a unique transformation. Now it's just the opposite. Clean, sparkling, the food is good but it has an ugh hipster vibe and it's expensive. The food is ok. I guess I might like it more if they changed the name. They should have let the old Taylor's die of natural causes. RIP Taylor's, Long live Taylor's!
This restaurant just opened on Nov 4th, 2013. My husband and I went there for lunch today and are so happy to have a great restaurant like this so close to our house! You can't really tell from the outside, but it's completely remodeled and very trendy and modern inside. They even have a nice patio in the back. The servers were really friendly. They asked us what game we wanted on the TV and also told us they have a projector outside so you could watch a game out there, too.

Most importantly, the food was great! They have a great brunch menu, as well as lunch and dinner. We both got sandwiches which were like paninis and came with house made chips. The place is also BYOB, I think until they get their liquor license.

We will definitely be back!
This place is the bomb!!!!  One of the better omelettes I've ever had, all other dishes were on par, actual fresh squeezed orange juice, really great atmosphere, adorably awesome server, priced well, fresh, individual bathrooms (with air spray ;-), clean, open, nice outdoor area in the back.  I wish this was in my neighborhood!!!
First time getting breakfast here. Great food selection and very quick service. Would definitely recommend trying this place out. Very clean and friendly environment.
Had lunch today the service was great and the food was very good!! I wish we lived closer.
Food was good, waitress was super friendly,  interior was sleek and cool, and I got a complete and filling breakfast for about $10. While the food isn't mind-blowing it's cheap and decent so I will definitely be back.
Oh Taylors, I feel pained to write this but am doing so in hopes that it is taken constructively so that improvements can be made. I have been in the industry for 8 years. We have been patrons for years and thus have seen transformations firsthand in this establishment. 

The renovations and first experiences thereafter seemed promising. The menu seemed creative, the ambiance improved, and understandably a price increase was seen as well.

Months later, it's great to see that weekends bring customers but the wait staff and kitchen needs to be able to keep up with the rush if everyone wishes to remain employed. Overall, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed and even unknowledgable. Each time we come, the portions have gotten incredibly smaller to the degree that its comical. But really, its not. Not to mention, the past 2 times the food has arrived cold. So: cold food with exponentially smaller portions & slow service coupled with higher prices meet requirements to drive customers away. 

I would like to note that some of the staff did impress me. The gentleman with the thick-framed black glasses should be paid to be manager. He got drinks for his table together very quickly and had time to help other staff members AND ran to the basement to get more oranges. He is the reason why I haven't totally lost hope in your establishment and the reason this review has 2 stars and not 1. I saw a few other emabarassing occurences but will not go into detail. The staff needs to be educated on the operating system communicating to the kitchen and needs to be more conscious of allergy concerns ie. LATEX usage & food handling. 

Taylor's lacks proactive managers both in back and front of house. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Had never been here before but the hubby and I were tired of walking down to Main Street for breakfast. Apparently they just renovated and it shows. We said it was like a modern 50s diner feel. Very good service and the breakfast tastes fresh. They use Le Bus bread which is a nice touch, too. They also accommodated substitutions without any problems because we don't eat meat. We will definitely go back.
I don't even want to give Taylor's the time of day but feel like this review needs to be included. I went with my boyfriend and his mom for a quick bite to eat. We ordered an omelet, 2 waffles and an order of chicken tenders. They brought out the waffles after about 45 mins. 15 mins later we still have no other food and no drinks. Our waitress then came  out with the chicken and we ask for new waffles because ours are cold. Then 5 mins later the omelet comes out which is not at all what is advertised on the menu, when I brought this to the waitress' attention she apologized but made no effort to fix it. At this point she refilled our drinks and brought them back with no ice. She then brought back THE SAME WAFFLES they put in the microwave which we just ended up eating. 

We then asked for a manager who was ridiculous. He barely spoke English and was not even paying attention to our complaints. He asked if we could pay half which we agreed to. Which is so rudely inappropriate but we just wanted to leave. He then brought out the wrong check which had been comped to 50%. At this point we told him we weren't paying and left. I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant. Clearly we won't be back.
Not like it was before the renovations at all! It has a nice modern look, but the food is average. At best. They brought in expensive ingredients aimed at the younger, yuppie crowd with high prices and the food was just OK. The food was better before the renovations and the prices were reasonable. I guess those days are over.
We went on their first weekend morning since they've reopened with a new owner.   First off, the most important part, the food was very good.  There were some missing pieces, but overall it was much better than the old Taylor's. The banana French toast was on hearty thick challah with plenty of banana. The smoked salmon benedict looked delicious and my dad loved it. The classic breakfast looked classic. The bagel and toast were a little bland and it would benefit them to serve Le Bus bread for these items. La Colombe coffee is definitely a plus. Our server was pretty fast and attentive. The decor is not really my scene. I prefer something more cozy. However, it was very clean and well done. The booth against the wall needs some padding because everyone was reporting it was uncomfortable. The breaking point for me: The MUSIC was HORRID. Who wants to listen to Miley Cyrus while eating breakfast at 9:30 AM (or ever)???? NO ONE! It's not a mall, it's a diner! As long as the music stays the same, I cannot return to this place.
A fantastic little cafe! I ordered the Burger in Blue and it came out to be scrumptious! Good service and food, would definately come again soon!
Taylor's is one of my main go to breakfast spots. For the summer, I am currently all about the breakfast salad. It's so crisp and satisfying! Perfect for eating outside on the back deck. Also, best blueberry pancakes in the area!
Taylor's is an amazing bright spot in Roxborough. Me and my girlfriend go to Taylor's just about every week on a Thursday or Friday. I'm amazed I haven't written a review yet, here I go! 

1. The service is great. The staff is always friendly, and when it's not crowded they allow you to seat yourself. We've been here seriously over 30 times and we've never had a bad experience! (Rafael is the man!)

2. The pricing is perfect. $7 for a quesadilla $1 additional for fries. Their specialties for breakfast are top notch and everything is consistently delicious.

3. A giant tv with ESPN on it? Yes please! Their are plenty of different seating options which is nice, and you can even sit outside on the deck (no view) but it's nice to be in the sun sometimes.

If you're looking for a place with cheap delicious food, great coffee drinks, and deserts, Taylor's is the spot to be.

The only things I'd change about Taylor's is the hours. They are only open until 3pm, so get up before it's too late!
I came here for lunch and ordered breakfast. The restaurant is nicely lit with a cool decor. The staff is friendly, the food is good, and the prices are reasonable. I recommend this restaurant to others.
Love it here! My friend lives in the neighborhood so this place is a staple. Breakfast or lunch, you can't go wrong. It is popular, so you might have to wait for a table, but shouldn't be too long of a wait. There is a counter if you're into that Kind of seating, or plenty of tables. 

My favorite meal is the banana boat - french toast with carmelized bananas and whipped cream. DELICIOUS. Servers are attentive and there to fill up your coffee frequently which was so appreciated!
Great food selection and great service. My girlfriend and I were looking for a breakfast spot near home and we found it. Plus big TVs.
Food was great. Service was friendly and patient with my wife when she asked 15 questions and then tracked down the waiter and changed her order after he walked away :) the chipped beef was good and the tuna melt was fantastic. The fries were definitely worth coming back for.
the renovation looks fun from the outside so my wife and I wanted to check it out.
We went on a whim for dinner on Saturday night. interior is great - like some mod café or automat, snazzy club - a modest stab at a starr concept. I hope roxborough can keep it shiny and new. 

the staff has a strong enthusiasm that comes off as charming, if not a little desperate. Food is OK. It's diner food. A little less grease than most diner food, but dressed up to look better quality and more adventurous than it actually is.

good portion sizes on the smaller side. not smallish as in too cheap, 
just smaller in that having to eat it all won't stress you out too much.

Greek Burger was ok but fell apart on the second or third bite. bun was thick and pretty bland. fries were a good cut though - little thicker than mcdonalds and a little less starchy than the wendy's cut. yukon chips were pretty good - the good ones were quite tasty. 
  
I doubt I'll get dinner again because I didn't like the look of the beef, but will probably give them a shot for breakfast fare. man, I feel like a snob. 

they have a huge screen in the back that really looks great - it was showing a hockey game.
I love this place. I've been here a few times and have always had a great experience. The staff is Friendly and the food hits the spot!

I usually go with the meat omelet, cheddar grits, and toast. The last time I went people got all kinds of goodness. The banana French toast was crazy good, and the Oatmeal with fruit looked great and I was told it tasted even better. 

They serve LA Colombe coffee so that's a huge win. In addition to that, they serve fresh squeezed orange juice. Soooooooo gooooood! Most definitely check this place out. :-)
I was killing time before an appt nearby and was starved so I decided to stop in for a quick lunch. 

This place doesn't look like much from the outside but it actually has a very modern diner feel on the inside! I was able to seat myself and a very friendly waitress gave me the menu. I sat close to the kitchen/window where the food comes out and all the staff were friendly with each other and the many regular patrons that walked in. Definitely got the warm and fuzzies when they knew many people by name. 

The menu is large and has a little bit of everything- I decided on a turkey club and subbed the crispy green beans instead of fries. The sandwich was tasty with perfectly crispy bacon and the green beans came with a delicious spicy sauce that complimented them well.

The serving was huge and I ended up taking home over half to my bf who enjoyed the leftovers. 

Overall the service was attentive and friendly, the food did not disappoint, and the prices are reasonable!

**** Came back for brunch with the bf and we enjoyed it- the menu is large and they were busy but we got seated within 10min. The food was great and came out fairly quick. Service was a little scattered but seems it was just due to the large crowd. We'll be back!*****
Taylor's is a small neighborhood gem that my wife and I have come to be regulars for our weekend breakfasts out. Their breakfast menu has the traditional items we all know and plus some unique dishes that are quite good. In addition to breakfast the also offer an excellent lunch and late lunch menus. 

Some things to note, Taylor's is only open for Breakfast and Lunch, so they close around 4pm most days. On weekends they do not accept any promotional offers including Yelp Check-In offers.

The service is quite good, but at times inconsistent depending on who the server is. I would say 90% of the time we have had excellent service. 

The atmosphere is great, we love the decor, the seats are unique and match the overall decor. They also have outside dining in the back when the weather is good.

If you are in the area, this is one gem you should definitely give a try.
I've started to come here regularly on the weekends for brunch. I typically get the Salmon Benedict and I really like it. It's a good amount of food and it tastes great.

The biggest gripe I have about the place is the service. I'll give them credit - they aren't lazy or rude. The staff just seems... lost. Every time I come in, the guy working the host stand doesn't seem to comprehend how to seat incoming guests. There will be visible tables open with a lot of people waiting to be seated but he just doesn't seat them. From there, the service is on the slow side because the servers seem frazzled all the time.

Even with the service issues, this is a good morning stop. The prices are reasonable and the food is tasty. If the service improves, this will definitely be my favorite breakfast spot in the area.
Decent and OK breakfast but at the same time also nothing special.  I had the two eggs with a side of sausage.  It know it's only eggs right... but then again it also contains hash brown, bacon, sausage and toast.  Some of these ingredients should jump out and they really didn't although as mentioned above they weren't bad either... Besides that the service was great IMO and the interior has a timeless feel to it which I really like...  I have similar feelings about Bob's Diner, a bit further along the road, I like the feel of that place a lot as well, I just wish that both of them served slightly more memorable food...!
I stopped here for lunch and I ordered the special. The pulled pork quesadilla. It was so delicious. The pulled pork was definitely homemade. Flavorful. Very juicy. A perfect compliment to the quesadilla. 
Service was rather slow, and I was on a time crunch because I had to head back to work. The restaurant could have been cleaner as well. The booth seating was very greasy. Could definitely use a wipe down.
Their freshly squeezed orange juice!!! I initially came for their waffles but I come back for the OJ. The interior has a hip vibe definitely suited for a younger crowd. I was told that the big white wall on the porch was for projecting sports games but it was too early for anything to be on. Overall, food and service was great. I definitely plan to come here more as the business becomes more established.
Overall it was an okay experience. We sat out back where there is some outdoor seating. They have tables with umbrellas on an enclosed deck space. 

I ordered the egg sandwich on a bagel with homefries and my friend ordered eggs Benedict. Both were satisfying. It's a little pricey for what you get - and pay attention to those "upcharges". I got charged $1 more for getting a bagel for my sandwich. 

They also serve La Colombe coffee and its BYOB.
I came here a lot when they first opened. Great place for brunch outside when you're hungover lmao Nice waitresses too. Never had a problem. Good prices for the amt of food you get. Can't wait for another season at Taylor's :) Unfortunately I just dont do as much eating and drinking during the cold months!
This is my favorite spot in Roxborough! I have lived here for 5 years and only started coming here a few months ago. It's a perfect spot for brunch. They have the best chocolate pancakes and they are always cooked perfectly; a little crisp on the outside and wonderfully fluffy on the inside. I've had all of the servers and they're all incredibly nice. I think the prices are fair and there's a wide selection of food without being too overwhelming. The cafe has the local diner feel with a modern twist.
Solid breakfast choice for this area. Close to empty on a Monday morning, so my service was great and food came out quickly. Was also able to take advantage of the "early bird special" - one dollar bottomless coffee before 10am.

I made my own omelet - sausage, onions, and cheese. It was good. Came with hash browns and toast. They were good too. None of it was special or outstanding, which is why I'm giving a four star review. I would go back, but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
Nice place. Good food & service. Very clean. My wife had the Eggs Bene...very good. I had the strip & eggs...cooked perfectly. We'll be back since it's in the neighborhood. We'll even bring the boys!
Well this is a high tech breakfast spot. Got a nice modern vibe to it. Very nice place to bring your family when they're in visiting town. The food was pretty good! I got the Keto pizza which was delicious and my wife got the waffles. 

The only thing bringing it down was the service. It felt like we were present but the waitress was missing at times, (water check, hows your food check, etc). Food also took a fairly long time for a "diner" as it was only eggs and waffles! But the food was pretty tasty. Will have to come back to try their lunch items.
I went here once and already love this place! I had a late lunch with my friend on a weekday so it was a little quiet, which I liked. First, I was impressed with their clean and modern interior. Next, the foods and their coffees were really good. I ordered a BLT sandwich and my friend ordered french toast and they were both really delicious. The servers were very friendly and nice too. The price is reasonable compared to the quality of their foods. I will definitely recommend this place to all of my friends and I can't wait to have a nice brunch at their lovely patio.
Well...I have now gone to this establishment twice since I moved to Roxborough and this is what I have experienced. Walking into the place, I was very impressed by the decor and it was very hip to the eye with no shortage of hipster vibe. Both times the employees provided adequate customer service and the food that I got was good. The first time I got the omelette and the other time I got the Benedict Salmon. The omelette was good and the Benedict was amazing with plenty of "Lox". I can not say that my friends had as good of luck. The first time her pancakes were cold and the second time my friends order was wrong. The second issue we had on both visits was there was a long wait between ordering and receiving the food. Both times it was not busy yet the food took a long time. The coffee was delicious both times and the gator tots were delicious but they are coming in short with the wait time. I am not sure I will go back at this point as there are many other brunch options in the area.
Roxborough has a dearth of good breakfast spots - unfortunately this used to be a decent place, if awfully dirty, to get a reliable, inexpensive breakfast quickly that felt the need to COMPLETELY change.  The old Taylor's was a nicotine-stained glimpse of the way things "used to be", while the new Taylor's is modern, uncomfortable, bright, and completely lacking soul or character.  Perhaps the dust bunnies added flavor, the greasy everything charm, and the dingy vibe homeyness, but what exists today is a uber-modern cafeteria vibe reminiscent of an Ikea in a wealthy suburb. 

And that's not a good thing. 

And the food...I am sure the same people are cooking it, but something happened on the way to clean and shiny.  Inconsistent is the best way to describe things - one day it's actually good, the next cold, soggy, and remedied by a trip to the microwave.  (Hot fruit anyone?)  I have made a handful of trips here, always hoping they improve (they are really close to home)...and it never happens.  There is only one real highlight of the menu - but it's a killer and earns the 2nd star - the Waffled Biscuit.  Take a waffle iron cooked biscuit, then cover it with creamed chip beef...all for $4.  Double the order and hangover CURED!  Prices for food are more Main Street than Roxborough, but they did keep some lower-priced options. 

Coffee...somehow they new mugs instantly cool your coffee to the point of meh.  It's decent coffee too - on the rare occasion it is hot enough it's pretty good - and the waitress never seems to be able to keep up with refills.  Caffeine junkies are warned.  Taylor's is a BYOB - but really, who is going to drink here?  Service is spotty at best.  The new furniture is weird...way too modern to be really all that comfortable.  

I keep hoping Taylor's improves - the people working are genuinely friendly, seem to try really hard...but I have my doubts.  Reduced hours recently indicate things aren't going so well.  But I hope....
A few years ago I walked into Taylor's and applied for a waitress job, I found something else and never heard from them but it was no big. I liked the old brick and it was dark but not too dark, I thought it was actually sort of homey feeling but that also could have been the old locals talking to waitresses they probably knew for years about the last Phillies game. 

My roommate, a local, heard it had been renovated so we decided to get breakfast and check it out. We were already worried with the vile "Foodery" next door and once we walked in it was sadly confirmed. The interior is much better, without a doubt but its so blatantly geared towards the unwanted population of entitled college kids that its puke worthy. I'm not sure how long they expect to be in business when the people they're trying to have as customers don't even belong here. One of the most endearing qualities of this neighborhood is the rough, blue collar roots. This owner clearly forgot where he is as people in these parts don't forgive easy. 

Speaking of the owner he spent a lot of time walking back and forth, looking busy but really just watching the TV in the back. The service was sub par but not terrible and the food was alright. 

Overall I doubt I'd ever go back here and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I hope a local can take this back and make it actually fit into its environment.
Found our new favorite breakfast joint, 4 minutes away from us, computer/work friendly, clean, great customer service, clean, great food, great price. Thank you to our server for the coloring page and crayons!
Loved the food before the renovations! We were blown away after the renovations. The place is virtually unrecognizable on the inside. We were greeted by a nicely dressed hostess. The interior looked wonderful...there's a huge flat screen, a chalk board, and an outdoor patio that has a wall which will project TV/movies. Our server was on point and very nice. The food was still delicious and had so many new choices. And now its a BYOB. Can't wat to come back, great job!!
My husband & I ordered crabcake eggs benedict and steak & eggs. We asked for medium well steak, as he cut into the steak it was well done and raw in some spots, my poached egg was half cooked, crabcake was gray and smelled funky. We told the waiter, he told the owner and the waiter came back offered to cook the steak well done, we asked for the owner, he came over, told us there was nothing he could do about the food and made us pay anyway. THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE! Its filthy and the asian owner has terrible customer service! Never Go Here Ever!
I dont like brunch so much but i had the most delicious burger today. A breakfast burger w egg too. The home fries werent what i thought they would be amd thats not saying they were bad i just like em a little crispy, and frankly i might've forgotten to ask how inwanted them. All in all pretty good. If my girls happy then i am
Delicious eggs Benedict - super friendly staff! Will be back for more breakfast or brunch or lunch! Who knows?! I'd love to try their burgers too!
My family and I recently moved to the area and stopped in to Taylor's for a quick breakfast.  Everything we ordered came out exactly as we ordered it.  The homefries are seasoned nicely. Our server interacted with our toddler---which always makes a meal easier, with a picky 4 year old.   All in all, Taylor's was a good breakfast and reasonable prices.  We will most certainly will be back.
This place is awesome. I love the modern atmosphere of this place and I have not eaten anything that I haven't liked. Today I had the 4 egg pizza which was definitely my favorite item I've had so far. My girlfriend had the double breakfast burrito which was also really good. I highly recommend this place!
I was staying in an AirBnB extremely close to Taylor's Cafe. So close that my AirBnB host gave me a giftcard to use here. I'm a foodie, and anything brunchy sits well with me.

I ordered the Banana Boat because I couldn't resists after reading the description on the menu. The french toast were thick cut, perfectly made, and the caramelized bananas to top it off...YUM!

I don't know if Roxborough is a touristy place to stay if Philly, but the fact that Taylor's Cafe is here, I will definitely find my way back :)
This place is a gem in the neighborhood. The restaurant is clean and everyone is friendly. Food is great and there are plenty of options! The coffee is amazing- we love La Colombe. Keep up the good work! The outdoor seating is fabulous when it's nice out.
Went here for brunch last Sunday. No wait time and the food was really good. My only complaints would be inconsistencies in the menu , they tend to makeshift the original order to what they have. Also, no alcoholic drinks. Not the place to go if you want a Bloody Mary with your brunch! I was disappointed.
The food was great! The service was friendly!! I'd return! They have a great variety of different kinds of food. The club sandwich is HUGE!
Great brunch place in Roxborough.  Me and my gf went at a lunch time and ordered breakfast.  Nothing special but clean and tasty!  Only been there once so can't really say much for their other menu, but both me and my gf enjoyed the plates we ordered.  There were couple other tables and they all seemed to be enjoying their food as well.  
Service was good.  Nice and friendly but waiter and waitress need a little more training as they seemed a little bit inexperienced.
For the atmosphere/decor, if you ask me, I liked it.  I read some of the other negative reviews about this place.  It just sounded like the old locals are missing the old Taylor's.  But from what I read, it was dirty, filthy place?  so this newly renovated restaurant is nothing but clean but the old locals define it as glazed with Ikea.  So?  I'm not a fan of Ikea nor hate it.. but if you ask me, it looked very very clean.  I like to eat at a clean place.  How about you?
I loved this place! The food was good, the prices were reasonable and our waiter was wonderful. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for a good breakfast.
My fiancé and I just ate here for the first time. We were looking for a brunch place in Roxborough/Manayunk on a Saturday morning that wouldn't have a wait and had convenient parking. We parked in a parking lot on a nearby side street. We had the salmon eggs Benedict and banana boat French toast. It was delicious and came quickly. I love their selection of teas. Lots of flavorful options.
I wish I could give.5 stars - this place is not incredible to get 4 stars, but not average to get only 3. It's a nice place to sit with friends and enjoy a good breakfast. Their coffee alone is worth going back for, the salmon Benedict was great and the service was prompt with friendly staff.  I'd recommend it.
The Smoked Salmon Benedict was very good. Service was quick and polite. Seems like a solid breakfast/brunch spot in Roxborough. Will be back.
This is the best brunch place in Manayunk. Nothing else on Ridge ave. comes even close. Good food, good vibe, good service. Nice outside sitting area in the spring and summer.
What a great place ! Beautiful. Clean. And owner walks around and is very sweet. I had the banana boat which of course was amazingness! My boyfriend had the grand slam, which you can't go wrong with. Great prices...surprised they aren't more expensive but I'm not complaining! 

Sat in outdoor seating, very nice ! Except the little fly who hung around our food. But I definitely will be back to try more.
Really good spot!    
If you haven't been, you need to stop through.
  We decided on Taylor's after being told we had to wait in the rain at another location, but we're happy we did.  
  We were seated quickly and the servers made a little fuss over our daughter when we walked in (which always makes my wife and I smile and our daughter plays up to).  Plenty of room, good atmosphere and I could smell the La Colombe coffee when I walked in. Our waitress was more than attentive, and we were not her only table. Food was out quickly (they brought our daughter's first, points for that), our coffee never went empty and everything tasted good.
*I particularly liked that I could swap my potatoes for oatmeal.
Completely unassuming from the outside, I (like others) was delightfully surprised when I walked inside and found a large, bright and updated cafe.  Taylor's Cafe is a great find for breakfast / brunch / lunch (they close around 3:30pm daily).  I have visited twice since discovering the spot in May - usually choosing an omelette with several vegetable ingredients - served with potatoes and toast.  After my first visit, I couldn't wait to visit for another Americano with steamed half & half which they prepare as well as they do in Europe!  Plus, it's made with La Colombe coffee (of Philadelphia). On my first visit (a weekend), it was quite busy and I dined in the nice sunlit patio in back.  Service is friendly and polite.  Aside from many tables, you can also sit at the counter up front (think back to the 50's breakfast cafe, but with modern chairs).  Definitely give this spot a try and help support local business in the neighborhood!
Great little spot! Good bang for your buck for the quality of food. I've had the morning burger and they actually cooked it rare - and there was a lot of good things going on with the inclusion of the sunny side up egg.  

Spotlight is on their French toast. The banana bot and strawberry options are nice and sweet

The ambiance could use a little Warming up.. it is a little cold because it seems they are going for a futuristic look.
The food was outstanding! They give you a really generous amount. Excellent service as well. The waitress was very welcoming and friendly and made us feel right at home. 5 stars, no complaints at all.
Had the lox and bagel plate. Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. Back of the restaurant is bright and open with a patio when the weather permits.
After heavy renovation the "new" Taylor's Café lends credence to a growing mix of restaurants on Ridge Avenue in Roxborough. A cold afternoon warranted lunch from their Hot Sandwich menu, a chicken breast sandwich extra spicy.  When my order arrived, I literally was hit with the steam from the freshly crisped homemade potato chips that were included. The chef went as far as putting hot peppers in my salsa dip on account of my spicy request. Overall, the food was very good, the waiter was friendly, attentive and competent. I'm looking forward to going back  for their new dinner menu.
It's a great place to come if you're looking for a place that doesn't get too crowded. You can tell that a lot of locals come here. They have great food. The service is great. This is one of my go-to places when I'm in the area and want a quick breakfast. I definitely recommend you check Taylor's out!
I hadn't been here in about 5 years so I was in for a nice surprise when a friend and I stopped in for lunch recently. First, gone was the claustrophobic feel of the old place. Open, clean and as someone else pointed out, also Ikean in nature, it felt oddly welcoming somehow. Our server was a handsome young man with a dazzling smile who instantly made us feel at home. Our food was served promptly, and was generous in portion as well as quite tasty. 

As a diabetic, there are many items I can't eat. The egg and turkey bacon sandwich I enjoyed made it worth stopping in!  My friend had a Reuben sandwich that she said was also very good. We stopped in again two weeks later, and once again were happy with our results. I would recommend this to my friends, who are very particular about their food.
Why:
Okay here we go ....
I stayed in the Airbnb above the restaurant which came with a 20$ giftcard to the location. So, hungover I go to try and remedy poor choice in number of drinks and boy did I sober up once I walked in. 

Who: 
I walk in and I immediately get the "WHO TF IS THE BLACK CHICK" look. Although the sign says please wait to be seated, no one greeted me, asked me for here or to go or even approached me at all. The staff stood in their cliques staring. So as I start to walk past them to get myself a seat, I state aloud "I'll be ordering for here and to-go" and a waiter says "sure, you can sit where ever you like"
 
What:
My dine in order was a tofu omelet with home fries. The omelet was presentable but EXTREMELY bland.    I probably raised my blood pressure trying to make a difference in that thing. 
Now about these "home fries" I asked the waiter to make them slightly over cooked (given I saw bad photos of them being barely brown).  When they arrived it was more peppers and onions than potatoes. The peppers and onions were very close to raw, while the potatoes were a mixture of burnt pan scraps and chunks of barely seared potatoes. I also had an onion skin in my food.

How:
Did the family beside me get their 3 orders before I got my 1 when they indeed came in after me.

When: 
I was ready to pay w/ my gift card, debit card and yelp coupon only for them to tell me "the coupon can only be used M-F". Although I read a review of an Asian woman using it on a Sunday. 

Needless to say ... I think I got the black girl treatment pretty hard
I went to this place last week for breakfast and left absolutely disgusted.  My plan was to eat at the restaurant but the whole place was overrun by gnats.  I've never seen anything like it.  I just asked for my food to go.  The food was pretty good but if they don't fix this gnat issue, they will have zero customers.
I just went to Taylor's Cafe with my family and the food was amazing!!! I recommend everyone go!!
This place has pretty good brunch food, the only reason why I gave it 3 starts because part of my order was wrong when I got take out here. For brunch my friend and I decided to go with the omelet and the breakfast salad with a side of fruit. The omelet came with a side of hash brown with the option of having onions and peppers. The omelet dish was pretty good. Unfortunately the breakfast salad was missing the avocados! I really liked salad still without the avocados but one of the main reasons I ordered the salad was for the avocados. It's always a pet peeve of mine when take out orders are wrong. It's like they don't care as much about your food compared to customers who opt to dine in. Hopefully next time my order will be correct. I also got their orange juice which was really good, it's freshly made from real oranges. I was also impressed by the large screen tv they had at the counter. It was about 50inches and you could watch the football game or w/e show pretty clearly on it. 

I will probably come back to this place again! 

tip: if you check in on here you get 10% off
Wow, what a fantastic find. This was the first time my husband and I visited this place and we will definitely be back. It's modern, trendy, clean, and the service is fantastic. Not to mention they offer a lot of items on their menu and our breakfast was delicious. Yamalia was our server and she was so sweet! Very attentive, and very service oriented. She checked on us often, always got what we needed promptly, and she even offered us a take-home container for our coffee WHICH she topped off before we left. 5 stars. Definitely come check this place out. I feel like any place that moves you to write a review is worth visiting, especially with how apathetic people can be nowadays.
Good brunch spot with friendly staff, clean atmosphere, good food. Overall a good experience.
First time here for brunch & got the Po Boy with fries & it was really good.  My boyfriend got the London Broil & the sauces on each were awesome. The decor is cool, & the service is what made the fifth star for my review. Our server was a super kind Brazilian guy who really was above & beyond!
Have been here a couple times and more am more disappointed each time.  I can understand a new restaurant having glitches..but not over and over again.  Last time there was a line to get in..and numerous tables open but no one seating customers.  The other time my friends and I weren't allowed to sit at the counter and eat when the tables were full.  They had a couple versions of the menu which were different and some foods weren't available.   Staff seemed frazzled and not able to keep up.  I so wanted to like this place..but I won't be back.  I loved the old Taylor's. .but not this one.
Just visited Taylor's last weekend. We had been to Bob's Diner across the street previously and we wanted to try something new.
 Here's what I liked about Taylor's.
1. The coffee (La Columbe) is amazing. Never heard of it before but it's now my favorite.
2. Our server was kind and good at her job. 

Here's what I didn't like about Taylor's:
1. The decor. One would think, "Who gives a crap about the decor?"   I'd agree but this place is furnished like the owner got drunk and went to Ikea and said, "Give me all the gaudy!"  It's just an eyesore.  They do keep their establishment clean though.
2. The food. We ordered an omelet and a egg sandwich, both of which came with home fries. We also ordered an order of blueberry pancakes to share.  The food was just bland. We seasoned it of course, but it was just sort of blah. 

Taylor's is the kind of place you'd like if your mom only fed you Lunchables all your life. Oh, and if you love Ikea.
First time here for brunch & got the Po Boy with fries & it was really good.  My boyfriend got the London Broil & the sauces on each were awesome. The decor is cool, & the service is what made the fifth star for my review. Our server was a super kind Brazilian guy who really was above & beyond!
My wife and I went here last Saturday during normal brunch hours. We were seated fast since there were only 5 or 6 tables full and many empty. I thought it would have been much busier but now I know why. 

It took several minutes for a server to ask for our order. We ordered and waited 45 minutes for two plates of food in a restaurant that only had 6 tables...6 tables. I'd hate to see how slow the kitchen would be if there were 7 or 8 tables...much less a full house.

I ordered Cream Chipped Beef over toast. Took 15 mins to get my toast and another 30 to get food. Way too much bread for the bland and minimal creamed chip beef. My wife ordered some waffled biscuit fiasco with boiled to death asparagus. Another horrible plate of food. Waffled biscuits sounds foodie and hip and all but doesn't actually work because biscuits are meant to be fluffy and flaky and not dense and chewy. 

Our server was new so I don't really blame her for anything except not coming to our table to explain anything. Another waiter came and refilled our much needed empty coffee mugs but that too was horrible...stone cold coffee from a carafe. 

Never going back...
I haven't been to this diner since before the renovation and I thought I'd never be back but it has made a complete turnaround. The interior is light, spacious, modern and they provide free wifi. There is even an outdoor patio out back that you wouldn't know about. The food is fantastic. Everything is fresh and well prepared. I had a cheese omelet with fresh veggies and a side of fresh fruit and it was very good--i will definitely be back to try more. Their selections range from benedict salmon to le bus challah french toast to a bowl of grits. Everything they comes out looks great.  I personally prefer this diner to Bob's and Daiva's.
Great food, solid pricing, and more space than expected. I'm a regular at their brunch and I like their wifi option if I wanted to stay and do some work after eating. Staff is always friendly but sometimes it gets slow in high traffic times. Overall, great place!
I ordered takeout for breakfast and it was phenomenal.  I got two sausage-egg-cheese bagels with home-fries and pancakes. The food had so much flavor that sat on my tastebuds for hours later after I was done eating. Staff was friendly. I can't wait to eat in house.
great diner food! Best breakfast place in the area
Perfect old-time diner decor and service with classic favorites mixed with creative modern menu items. La Colombe coffee and Le Bus breads were icing on the cake, although the cinnamon crumb muffin was disappointingly lacking in that cinnamon "zing" I love. Well def go back th
Taylor's has La Colombe coffee. And creamer in a pour container. They get 5 stars for speed and quality of the coffee. I usually get the green egg which is amazing. Today I got the spring sandwich. Not real good. It's on panini bread with fake grill marks. Stick with breakfast and you won't be disappointed.
Checked out this place on a Saturday morning. I ordered a build your own omelet and my partner got a breakfast burrito and a waffle biscuit with chipped beef. Everything was delicious, our server was wonderful, and the place was beautifully decorated and clean. Definitely will be back in the future and suggest everybody try it!
Excellent. I was going to take a picture of my breakfast but I ate it all!    Nicest breakfast place in Roxborough and  even Manyunk.     Reasonable prices, clean, good food and good service.      If you like good coffee this is the place for you and bottomless cup for $1.
