I randomly parked my car right next to Tela's when I was running to the nearby state store. As I got out of my car and looked at the window, I couldn't believe my luck with landing smack in front of a local grocery, since picking up a few items for dinner was next on my list. 

Walking in, I was so impressed by the stock - it's a small but very well-curated selection. They had every single thing I needed, from minced garlic to zucchini and yellow squash to prepared items and more. I picked up all of the ingredients for a veggie recipe, plus some twice baked potatoes to go with my dinner, and a pre-made chicken wrap for lunch the following day. 

The employees were super friendly and knew where everything was located. All of the produce was very fresh and high quality. 

The honey mustard chicken wrap I had for lunch today was gigantic. In my opinion it was a little heavy on the honey mustard sauce - I wish they went a little lighter on that and maybe put some extra sauce on the side, instead. But all in all, a filling lunch for less than ten bucks (and the chicken itself was delicious). 

The prices were probably in line with what I'd pay at Whole Foods, minus the crowds, headaches, or crappy produce I've come to expect from that store. I don't mind paying a little more to support a local grocery with great products. I wish there was a Tela's in my neighborhood!*


*Graduate Hospital, in case you Tela's folks get any ideas!
Personable, friendly but this place misleads customers with erroneous claims of organic food.  I have purchased meats, produce, and sandwiches here but won't again until things change. 

On my third visit, the friendly chef Chad told me that the poultry in the meat case that was labeled "organic chicken" was not actually organic.  He didn't blink an eye and saw no problem with mislabeling.  When I asked why it was labeled organic he said it was from an Amish farm where they do things "old fashioned".  Next he bashed Whole Foods for mislabeling their grassfed beef and then gave me a definition of grassfed that was inaccurate.

I don't seek out a store like Tela's for the trendy decor, but for the actual products.  I'd like for you to label your products honestly so I can make informed purchasing decisions.  Amish is not the same as organic.  Organic is not the same as pastured.  And natural and old fashioned mean nothing.   

A note to the owner Dan Greenberg: Please educate your staff, from the chef to the folks working at the counter (who told me "I think our beef is vegetarian" - whatever that means), about what kinds of products you are selling, where they come from, and how they are raised.  

I was so looking forward to being able to support a local neighborhood market.  When you raise your standards, let me know.  I will gladly erase this review, write a new one, and begin shopping daily at your store, and spread the good word to my Fairmount neighbors. 

Here are some good links you can use to teach your staff about food terminology:

http://www.phillycowshare.com/grass-fed-beef

http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateC&leftNav=NationalOrganicProgram&page=NOPConsumers&description=Consumers
Unfortunately not the best experience.

I am new to the Fairmount area and figured this would be a great place to try. I LOVE that they have a small, quick store with meats and produce and some other things you may have forgotten at the grocery store.

On the other hand, my food, not so good. Requested my bagel to be on everything, came out on plain. The sausage was over cooked and burnt and the eggs tasted nothing special. Kind of looked like food thrown on a bagel. Worst part is the bagel was also burnt all around the ends.

Next, comes with breakfast potatoes? I got french fries and did not request. My boyfriend got a breakfast plate and oddly enough his came with breakfast potatoes so I'm not sure where he miscommunication was.

Overall, 2 plates and a chocolate milk for $26 didn't seem worth it to me. I'll recommend this place for a convenient store but will no longer be dining here.
Great place for a quick brunch in Fairmount. Food always tastes great and comes in nice portions. Never have had a bad egg sandwich, omelette or granola bowl. Coffee drinks are good as well. Only knock is their cashier staff, who aren't the friendliest or most attentive when it comes to making your order.
I'm rating them down not because their food isn't good - it is. But they take advantage of the fact that they are the only accessible food place in the near vicinity to prey on consumer's wallets. And I don't just mean a small mark up... It's pretty egregious. Through the last year, they've also been continuously increasing prices noticeably. Every time I go, I tell myself I'm not going to patronize that establishment again because I've just been robbed of my weekly salary, but inevitably I do out of convenience. I regret it every time.

A coffee and a muffin cost me $9 this morning. I paused for a moment before handing her my credit card because I was in disbelief. I noticed that the old couple in front of me had a similar reaction when she told them the price - they also did a double-take when she told them their two coffees and bagel totalled $17. I still have no idea how you can get to $9 with a coffee and a muffin, but it's a little disturbing. Moreover, the muffin was awful: cold, oily, not fresh, sickly sweet.

There are lots of great restaurants in this city in prime locations that use fresh ingredients (so I don't wanna hear the high overhead cost argument) that make truly great food and don't take advantage of the common person with predatory pricing. Tela's need to learn a thing or two about the ethics of running a business.
I finally had a chance to check out Tela's Market and I'm not overly impressed. At least not with the market portion. 

This neighborhood took a blow with the closing of Feders produce shop, leaving Whole Foods as the best produce option. The selection and variety with Tela's was there but the prices were just higher than market rate. At that point, I'd rather just go to Whole Foods.

I didn't try the kitchen or the coffee portion of the shop, but I was really looking to Tela's to fill that locally owned produce void in my life. The food menu looks good however it wasn't anything too special. You can find most of the options at Mugshots or OCF down the street. 

I'd be interested in trying out one of Tela's Dinner Table events but from what I've seen, the events come at a higher price point. 

Overall, Tela's isn't a bad addition to the neighborhood; I just had different expectations from this type of place.
Tela's is a neighborhood gem. They have a restaurant side which is casual like a cafe and a grocery side. 

I love stopping in here for random groceries, snacks, and good prepared foods. It is great to avoid the long lines and huge crowds at the big grocery stores. 

Recently I tried their breakfast, I had the green wrap with eggs, herby goat cheese, and veggies in a spinach tortilla. It was delicious! I will definitely be back for more! If you life nearby I highly recommend Tela's for a quiet, affordable, and exceedingly fresh meal - breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Their cold brew coffee is pretty good as well.
Is this place joking? I had such high hopes, but thus far I have been unimpressed. Everything is very pricey but unimpressive looking. I came in once looking for a cake or dessert to bring to a party. They had nothing like that. Today I spent over $4 on a terrible cup of iced coffee. To add insult to injury the barista tried to fill my cup (which already had ice in it) 3/4 of the way and then just add more ice so that she wouldn't use up her pitcher. For $4, I expected so much more. Too bad the coffee was so weak it looked like iced tea and tasted like water. 

Maybe I would try a sandwich, but I don't think I will be rushing back here anytime soon.
This is a cute neighborhood market and cafe. I was on the hunt for some breakfast food before I left town so I went do did a quick search in the Yelp app and this place popped up. The menu is pretty simple; not too many options which could be overwhelming. I settled on a egg sandwich with cheese and avocado served on a brioche bun and with a side of potatoes. There's seating inside and out and the tables in the center are communal. I like the concept. Food came out in about 10 minutes and It was a large serving too. I ate all of it primarily because I had no idea when my next meal would be that day since I had a full ahead of me day. I'd definitely come back here if I'm ever in town. They have a few lunch items on the menu that I'd like to try.
If only Tela's stocked items that weren't so expensive, I would be there all the time. It is *very* close to me. Unfortunately, I've yet to have a connection with the place despite multiple visits.

Instead, Tela's serves as more of a splurge grocery location for me. Aka: If I'm too lazy to travel to a large grocery store, I'll walk down the block and grab a few items. I really like their salads, for instance. The kale one with the lemon dressing is superb, and it will often last for more than one meal -- making it worth the price.

I wish they would perhaps create a little budget section. That would be awesome.
A wonderful spot whether you are grabbing coffee, breakfast, lunch, or a needed ingredient for your dinner at home. Tela's has polite staff, a clean crisp feel, and great options. 

I have previously enjoyed their coffees and breakfast burrito. Today, I enjoyed a Roasted Pork sandwich, which I would highly recommend.
Last week I got a chance to go to one of my favorite bookstores along Fairmount Avenue and while returning home I walked by what looked to be a deli.
 Turns out,  it was a bit more than a deli. It was a deli, a market, a coffee shop and a kitchen. It was Tela's Market & Kitchen. Not the typical deli or market you'd expect.
 What would be considered the market area is small but checks out for what one could get for breakfast, lunch or dinner at home but if you wanted to have either you could do so there because there's lots of seating. I spotted the Lasagna that was $13.99/lb, not bad for the large slice with my name on it waiting between the tongs. I had to order quick before someone with telepathy got the same idea and would mess my whole experience up, hahahaha. 
No one was working that side of the counter so I got in the already long line with the others. It moved quickly and I was shortly served by the polite, accurate, multi-tasking cashier who while being attentive to my service, she was as well to the current customer in the process. I was impressed. Nice job, cashier associate. The price came to $9.63 which wasn't too bad considering other places.  I was told It had to be heated up downstairs and it would take 20min.
 Ok, not a problem. It looks good. I'm hungry. I'll wait. I took my number and had a seat at the picnic styled table but later moved to a window seat where I like to people watch. The slice arrived and my appetite kicked in more. I shook some salt on it, took a bite and it was warm but not HOT. Lasagna needs to be HOT or heated enough to enjoy. This was the only downside of the visit however it was very good and made just as I would have made it only it was not at the temperature I would have liked. All in all my first time being here was quiet and relaxing. I'm just going to need the hot foods for my potential visits to be at higher temperatures.
Tela, I knew you and I would start a beautiful friendship. I mean, you're the same name as a Phish song after all. It just upsets me that you moved into the neighborhood just as I moved out. What's up with that? 

Tela is the sweetest little corner market in the sweetest neighborhood in the city, Fairmount. It's a beautiful space!! From the industrial chic ceilings with the vines and twinkling lights above to the reclaimed wood communal tables, vintage cart and display baskets, it really is just the cutest!! 

Unfortunately, I didn't dine in, but I am definitely coming back to do so and I'll bring the whole gang. The food looked delicious! 

I did however come to grab some dinner and explore a bit. The prices are somewhat high, but I'm used to spending natural food store prices so comparatively speaking, they're pretty average. I purchased some BBQ pulled pork and Mexican salad from the prepared food counter, house salsa verde and cotton candy grapes for $4.99/lb. Total for those four items was $25. The fam dug everything. All of the prepared foods looked pretty delicious and like they were created with care. The stacked meatloaf was adorable and even had piped mashed potatoes on top. I say try some of these items for a quick din. 

I loved the make your own flower bouquet option! I equally loved the fact that they support local businesses. A few I noticed were tortilla chips from Xochitl, Zsa Zsa ice-cream and High Point coffee. 

I will definitely be shopping here again, probably next week in fact and I am putting on my list of places to try for brunch.
I had the chicken club sandwich with lettuce, tomato, bacon, cheese, and slices of bread that were HEAVILY buttered! The sandwich came with a side of salad greens. Water is provided. This little kitchen is in amidst of a market where cheeses and fresh produce is sold. On the side there are tables for people to sit and eat. The decor in this place was cool and the service was awesome! When in Fairmont area of Philly, I wouldn't mind going back.
Similar to other reviews, I was very excited for this place to open. I try to support local small places when I can. But was disappointed. 

Positives: decor. 

Negatives: 
Extremely small menu selections and breakfast stops at 11:00, including weekends so it limits it even further. 

Coffee was weak. 

Portions are extremely small. 

Staff is uneducated. I asked if there were other ingredients in the salad besides what was listed and the response was, "I'm not really sure." When she asked someone else, they didn't know either. The third person looked it up on a list that apparently the other two didn't know existed. 

Saturday afternoon and the only juice selection was apple. Most of the case was empty. 

Worst thing though is after my first try there I got what I thought was the flu but after my second try there my roommate and I both got sick. No way that's a coincidence. 

Some serious changes need to be made for me to consider coming back.
I hate to change a review to lower it (this is my first time), but in this case, it is necessary. True, a place like this is necessary in this area, and the decor is fabulous. However, Tela's really needs to follow through. Having been to the original Four Barrel and having had it at other coffee shops before, the coffee is honestly depressing here.  I don't know if it's untrained baristas, or its horribly watered-down, but their coffee is downright not good. It doesn't taste like Four Barrel at all, and for the amount of amazing lattes I can get elsewhere in the city, I probably will never get one here again.

This is a speciality "market", but the prices are too high and the portions are too small.  The breakfast burrito is minuscule. Also, I hate ordering something like a breakfast sandwich and getting nothing else with it!  Come on-- throw a piece of fruit or a couple greens on the side or something to make it seem more like a meal. 

I have been here about five times now, and honestly plan on avoiding it unless completely necessary, which really pains me.  They definitely have some work to do.
Big fan.  I'm started coming here to get work done out of the office, and now I'm sort of obsessed with it. 

 First I just started driving by, seeing what it was up to, then I graduated to sending Tela hourly facebook messages, now I write it a daily letter that gives it a minute by minute account of my day, with all of my associated thoughts and feelings.  Soon I'll be burning incense in my basement shrine next to the dolls I have stuffed with employee's hair.  Have I said too much?

So yeah,  I like this place.     

Decor is nice.  Some people knock the coffee, but I think it's good.  If you want an overly roasted turd, go to starbucks.  Tela's coffee is nice and light, how I like it..  Their pastries are great, (although a ttaaaaaaaaaaad expensive).  Food is good, and breakfast runs to 1:00pm because everybody knows breakfast food is where it's at.   And the prices on the sandwiches and salads are reasonable, given the quality of ingredients.  I think the portion sizes are fine. $8 for a big ass egg sandwich with homefries and bacon?  Yes please.

Service is friendly, but they aren't all up in your shit bothering you.  They just let you be, which is nice.

Definitely patronize.
I'm still not a fan of their overpriced pre-made/packaged options, but a recent salad has swayed me in favor of their made-to-order offerings. 

For around $8, I got a huge salad that was made up of baby kale, Brussels sprouts, apple, parmesan, parsley, raisins and walnuts. It was large, filling and fresh. Plus, it would have cost me time and money to get those ingredients and do this on my own. There was an option to add protein for an additional charge. I thought I was cool with going veggie for the day, but I was kind of longing for some chicken towards the end. 

My husband got a turkey club sandwich and enjoyed his as well. Again, there were ingredients in it that would have been a pain to buy and assemble if you just wanted one sandwich.

I won't be shopping at Tela's Market, but no doubt I'll return to their café.
When Tela's first opened up, we stopped in to check out the market and were shocked by the extremely high prices.  Well, we're still shocked about the prices in the market, but we're excited about the food service side of the business.

We had a wonderful, inexpensive brunch here yesterday and really enjoyed it.  The servings of fish tacos and the breakfast burrito were huge, came out of the kitchen fast, and most importantly, tasted delicious!  

They have a few little issues to keep working on (out of silverware, slow moving line), but we're going to become regulars with this being two blocks from home and being BYO.
Came to Tela's to meet with some friends in the area for brunch. I truly enjoyed the esthetic of the establishment. The natural sunlight coming throughh the windows combined with indoor lighting made the space seem so open. The seating options vary between a bench concept or coffee table. Very communal for larger groups. 

Though pricey, the food was pretty good. I ended up getting what I recall being their weekly or weekend special The Shrimp Gnocchi Bowl. When speaking to the store manager and staff, they exclaimed about how much joy they got from creating dishes. These are really people who love food, and love seeing others enjoy that food. 

I also wanted to highlight the grocery store. There is a bunch of fresh fruits/ veggies surrounding check out station.
Was passing by, as I live in the area and saw people outside. The patrons food looked pretty good so I pulled over and walked inside. Two women behind the counter in the back looked at me and did not speak. As I was walking around checking out the selections, a white woman came in and she was greeted right away. I continued to walk around and did a full circle, coming back around to the front of the counter where the employees were and they still did not speak. I wasted no time and I walked out. I was in there less than 2 minutes. I do not patronage where I'm not respected.
2 stars for friendly service but honestly... ordered two items and it took 20m to get and the fries were brought out so cold. Told the workers who said they'd make me another batch but waited another 10m and nothing. I left my food on the counter and walked out out... seriously will never return
We were directed here by our Airbnb hosts for the short-rib sandwich. It turns out that they took it off the menu recently. Booooo! I decided to go with the pulled pork sliders. They come with fries. The fries were the best I tried while in Philly. There wasn't anything fancy about these fries... they were just all around tasty. 

I liked the pulled pork sliders, but honestly they were an impulse decision since the short-rib sandwich was gone. I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to order them again. For 9 bucks, there's better food to be devoured. Also... at 9 bucks you should give me a 3rd slider or have an option where I can take the 3rd slider or the fries.

Tela's also has daily specials, salads, and breakfast. There's a small market in the other half of the store. That's convenient if you live close and need something in a pinch. The atmosphere inside was laid back. It was also busy meaning we had to find a spot outside(they have 4 tables out front). I'm glad it wasn't hot, but it was fun sitting out front. People watching opportunities galore!

My partner had a sandwich(the Matteo). It was the cold dish to my hot dish. It had meat, cheese, tomato, and a few other things. I had some of the meat from it. The meat was ok, but everything else on the sandwich could've been fresher. The toasted baguette that it came on was also too hard. This sandwich is a measly 2 stars. The same thing applies here: For 9.95, there's better food to be devoured. 

This problem has occurred for me before... a 10-15 dollar for 2 place posing as a 20+ dollar place. 

Everything else was perfect. 
-- Atmosphere. 
-- Staff hospitality. 
-- Seating. 
-- Tasty water(being from Louisville this IS a BIG DEAL). 
-- Company. 
-- Time between ordering/receiving food.
Its a great addition to the neighborhood and the breakfast food and coffee is great. I went both saturday and sunday of the opening weekend.  It's the first weekend so ill give them the benefit of the doubt, but they need to work on the register/ordering situation.  Its painstakingly slow to wait in line for simply a coffee or ordering food. Also please consider extending saturday breakfast past 10:30 if possible.  Only Mcdonalds does that.
I was very excited to try this place out but I was definitely very disappointed on my first and probably only visit. The layout is a bit confusing and the staff were not very helpful in orientating customers for their first time experience. It took forever for them to make my order and then when it came out and it was not even what I ordered? I saw a bunch of managers talking and they were blatantly ignoring customers? They might want to focus more on the customers they have rather than new business plans!

This places needs to work out a lot of kinks before it would be somewhere I would want to return to again!
Great for the convenience, but pretty expensive.  Its a little supermarket with a restaurant in it.  I personally don't do my grocery shopping here because I know that I am going to pay an arm & a leg.  But if I need something last minute, this is my go to place since its right down the street.

As for the restaurant - overpriced and I've never been WOW'd by their food.  Tried a bunch of their sandwiches and they just aren't worth the price.  Would much rather go to Rye Bread down the street.
The coffee bar is fantastic. The breakfast sandwiches are some of the best on Fairmount. The cheese selection is well curated. And the butcher knows his stuff. So why did I give only 3 stars? 

Because every time I need one basic pantry item from the market they don't have it and I'm forced to walk all the way down to WFM.

Seriously this place would be perfect if they worked on their grocery selection. Ditch some of the specialty goods that are only good for impulse buys and bring in some real pantry items that people will actually need!

Edit: I just want to add that I really want this place to succeed. It's a great shop and they have the right mindset. The grocery part of it is a big turn off for me.
*insert Tina Belcher noise of uncertainty*
Uhhhhhhhh.....

Well, it wasn't bad. But it wasn't particularly good. 
Tela's was recommended for their short rib sandwich by our Airbnb hosts. We were so sad to see, when we stopped in for lunch, that the dish is no longer on the menu. So we worked around it. I wanted the brussels sprouts side....but those are only available at dinner time. So be aware....there are two large chalkboard menus hanging from the ceiling. They are menus for *different* meal times. 
So...we were at more misses than hits before we even found something to order.
For budget and hydration reasons (it was hot AF, y'all) we just stuck with water to go with our lunch. Plastic cups and a water dispenser is opposite the register, next to one of the exits. It was cold, it was refreshing, I was happy.
I ordered the Matteo sandwich. It was....meh. Too big for me to actually eat as a sandwich, too many tomatoes for my liking. And the bread was so, so hard! So I just figured I would eat the insides. Some of the meats seemed impossible to chew! And the salad that came with the meal was basically just the lettuce from ON the sandwich...I wasn't impressed.
Brad G got the pulled pork sliders which he let me try. They were much better than my sandwich, and the fries that came with them were GREAT. Best part of the meal. It's not the greatest thing when the best part of the meal is a side dish....

It is also a little market. Very charming looking. But a brief walk through that area (to make use of the restroom) had me thinking prices seemed high...

If I found myself back in the area, I might be interested to check them out for breakfast/brunch. But other than that, I would pass on it.
I really love this little and somewhat expensive market. Inside is a coffee shop, good selection of cheeses, snacks, and anything you might need to pickup last minute to cook (produce, salad, milk, etc). The meats and seafood are pricey but again, this place is very convenient. I spent $14 on a smaller bag of tortilla chips, salsa roja, and guacamole. The salsa and guac were delicious, though. I recently went back for another serving of that salsa. The employees are super friendly, too.
So I've just become aware of the fact that I like to keep this place secret (even though, clearly, you all know about it).  Ya know why? Because I love it too much and it's too darn small to share!!

Though Tela's has been in the Fairmount area for years, I've only recently (in the last year) began making it one of my weekly visit spots.  Parking is not as awful as other parts of Fairmount, but it sure isn't always easy (the main reason why I'm not there every day).  

I've found it to be a great place to "work from home" from (when I need to get out of my house and see life) and a wonderful spot to grab a light, delicious lunch.  I've been a big fan of their daily lunch specials (always something new it seems- all good!!!) and fresh produce. Surprisingly, I think their prices are pretty damn good and of solid quality.  

Staff is friendly.  The market area and ambience of the place is just so cute (very country chic) and welcoming - I love sitting in there on a Friday afternoon and finishing up reports whilst people watching :) 

Okay, well, I've done my good deed for the day.  I've given up another favorite spot of mine...sigh.
I brunched at Tela's over the weekend and I am so glad I did, what a delight! I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into as this is a no wait staff establishment, but once you can grab a table, either at a two top or at the two communal tables, you will be content! I had the Tela's breakfast- the eggs and bacon were cooked perfectly and those crispy potatoes are delicious! And my toast came with a butter and JAM! I was beyond happy! The coffee is great too!
Unbelievable food, incredibly overpriced. Breakfast sandwiches are fantastic, and some of their readymade food is tasty tasty, but I feel like they're literally robbing me when I check out. It makes me so sad.
This place is a gem. What a great market that also happens to serve food as well. The star of the show in my opinion is the fresh seafood!
I honestly think this is one the best bang for your buck options in the entire city!

1) they are BIG on healthy options, but it taste like a cheat meal. Everything is super delicious and you'll never leave mad about what you ordered

2) the portions are huge, especially for the price.

3) you've got variety, nothing is over-complicated, and you can swing a meal here for early breakfast, brunch, or late lunch.

Even cooler - they have an entire market inside which has meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, snacks, etc.

I love the atmosphere too, great music and friendly staff. Big farm tables to share with other guests, which makes it super casual but also there are smaller tables if you wanted a more intimate meal. You can bring your pups and sit outside to eat if you so choose. 

The aesthetic inside is very cool: hanging string lights and greenery, just makes it feel very comfortable and relaxing.
Food is prepared with very high quality ingredients and also tastes amazing. However, prices are out of whack given the very small portion sizes, and I don't eat like a typical American either. My recommendatio  is to either lower the prices or increase the laughable portion sizes on some items. There are also some serious issues with service and following basic instructions- on two different occassions my orders were screwed up, even after I confirmed with the cashier. Didn't find out until getting home on both occassions, so no opportunity to send the food back. 

+1 for putting up a great piece of architecture in the neighborhood- its a beautiful building both on the outside and inside, and really contributes to the quality of life in the neighborhood.
Tela's is my current favorite spot for coffee, breakfast & lunch in Fairmount. 

The place is warm and inviting, the menu is great and always changing and the presentation is superb. 

The staff is always friendly (I hate getting my coffee from a grumpy barista in the morning). 

Tela's is a little on the pricy side, but worth it. It's hard to get a good cup of coffee in Fairmount - this is the only consistent one I've found.
Tela's is a nice corner breakfast spot/market in Fairmount (just a block or so from the Penitentiary). I've ducked in a couple times for breakfast and in both instances, was very satisfied with the meal. The breakfast burrito with chorizo was in particular savory. The coffee is also pretty good, and I dig the picnic table style seating. I have yet to shop at the market but the seafood and meats all look extremely fresh!
$5 minimum on purchases with credit card? Really?  Don't you sell coffee and most drinks are under $5?  Nobody carries cash any more, this is the kind of 'nickel and diming' that loses good customers...
This review is more for the market side, not the kitchen.

I had high hopes for this place.

And I'm usually reluctant to give neighborhood businesses bad reviews since I live around here and want to see them thrive.

But...

It's pretty much just a high end (or tries to be) corner store. It's somewhat useful if you're running out of the essentials, like bananas, fruits, eggs, milk, etc. They don't sell sandwich meat ,which is stupid. Their only option for non-dairy milk is a small carton of soy milk. Their fruits go bad REALLY fast. I got fruits from there on more than one occasion and within a few hours they were growing mold. Ew. 

I also won't go into detail about how unfriendly they are. 

Step it up, Tela's. Step. It. Up.
Good concept for the neighborhood; however, they need more competent staff. They are not attentive, slow, snarky, and not the least bit helpful. 

The worst was due to the girl behind the counter too busy flirting with guy behind me (and disregarded that I was waiting first, btw, there were no other customers at the time) to ring me up after politely requesting for her to do so, I had to carry my groceries to the other counter and dropped everything. The guy did not try to help and only asked if I might need a new supply. And proceeded to be snarky as I left. F- on staff quality.
Just tried this place again, hoping this time was a fluke. It was not. The staff is so rude and snarky. If I could give this place zero stars I would.

Good concept for the neighborhood; however, they need more competent staff. They are not attentive, slow, snarky, and not the least bit helpful.
I used to go to Tela's all the time. I went this week and the quality was much worse. Plus when I ordered a frozen lemonade, the guy working the cash register touched the frozen drink with his fingers before blending it, without washing his hands, directly after handling my cash. I was disgusted and had to decline the drink. I ate the sandwich I ordered and ended up getting food poisoning. Never go here.
Meh. That's pretty much all I have to say about Tela's. The place is a market with meats, cheeses, and other fancy grocery items to buy, as well as a counter where you can order food to eat right there at some community tables. The grocery part seems overpriced, and a lot of the other items (like some of the meats) didn't really seem to have prices at all. 

The kitchen portion does have a pretty varied menu, which as many reviewers have said, has enough variation to please everyone. I majorly dislike eggs, so it is often difficult to find a place for brunch... based on the good reviews, my husband and I came to Tela's, and I happily found that they had tacos on the menu.

Unfortunately, the tacos weren't really much to write home about. Other than whatever salsa was on top, they really had no flavor. The pulled chicken looked like something I would attempt in my own slow cooker, and was super messy and greasy. It soaked the tortillas until they were basically falling apart, and drained all over my plate (see photo with this review).

Long story short, Tela's didn't really seem like my sorta spot. Although it appears rather trendy with super cute tables lining the outside, I found the food to be rather mediocre, and wouldn't come back.
Great products and fresh delicious food!  

On my first visit to Telas I had the meatball sandwich. I know one would say " its just a meatball sandwich" but I beg to differ! It was the perfect balance of herbs and spices on a delicious french roll with sharp provolone cheese.  Every bite was definitely worth cheating on my diet! On another visit I had the homemade chicken noodle soup, it definitely hit the spot!

What I love about this place is it is not pretentious at all.  You can go in be greeted by a lovely staff member and assisted with your needs.  They aren't all in your business if you just want to browse around, but they are definitely there to help!

Some of my favorite highlights: Metropolitan Bread, Piave Vecchio cheese and Maldon Salt... MY FAVORITE SNACK! Others include their extensive beverage case to include Mash, Boylans, Bruce Cost and Lorina, fresh produce, meats and seafood and of course their prepared foods case.  This place is fabulous!  If you are around the area check it out for lunch or grab the ingredients to make a great dinner at home!
Great place to grab breakfast, lunch, dinner, a quick coffee or even last minute groceries! This place has really changed from the start of pandemic. Before it was all indoor seating with picnic tables in side and you ordered at the coffee counter. Now, they provide outdoor seating and waitress/waiters, plus are BYOB! I've done dining before pandemic inside, take out during pandemic and just ate brunch outside this weekend. Everything i've ever gotten has been fresh and full of flavor! Fairmount FAVORITE!
After we placed our order at the counter we managed to score some seats at Tela's on Sunday morning around 9am. That's no small feat considering Tela's is the place to be in Fairmount on a weekend morning. We waited with our number at the table for about 5 minutes for our breakfast sandwiches to arrive. I had a one with sausage and Dining Partner had one with thick flavorful bacon.Both came with runny fried eggs and the most delicious part of them were the fresh, fluffy brioche buns. Both sandwiches were served with chunky breakfast potatoes. 2 sandwiches ran us about $14 bucks. The only thing that was a bit confusing was what to do with our dishes when we finished. Other customers had the same question. Do we leave them on the table or do we put them in a central location? It would be nice to have some guidance on this for the future. Anyhow, totally recommend it!
Let me just say that Tela's is the best addition to the neighborhood, and I've lived here for 28 years. 

There is just so much variety in this establishment, I don't know where to begin. Do you need fresh seafood? They have it. Ground beef? Steak? Filet? Prime rib? They have it. Oysters? Fresh, deveined shrimp? Not a problem! And, in my opinion, it's better quality than Whole Foods. 

My family has utilized Tela's catering options for our Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve appetizer spreads. They give you SO MUCH FOOD. Hummus, dips, a variety of cheese and meats, and all the delicious breads as an accompaniment. We've ordered their seafood platters, particularly their shrimp cocktail and our guests have raved of everything.  They've even helped us carry the platters FROM Tela's TO our home. What a wonderful staff. 

Where do I even begin? Their prepared food is so fresh and so flavorful, and they have such a variety! Salmon, steak, chicken, crab cakes...and all of the side dishes one could imagine. They conveniently started preparing to-go salads, wraps, hummus, soups, and side-dishes in their refrigerator section and I usually venture to that area at least once a week. Their wraps and salads are HUGE! I buy one, and bring it to work and/or school for at least two days. The best part? Making my coworkers envious of my lunch. Sorry, guys. 

I find myself gravitating toward their chicken wrap and/or chicken house salad. They're pretty similar, except one is obviously wrapped in a delicious tortilla. Their honey mustard is light and uniquely homemade. They use fresh, roasted chicken that is so juicy, it nearly melts in your mouth. It has texture that's reminiscent of the juiciness of a post-Thanksgiving sandwich. 

They have a variety of unique sodas, teas, and coffees  to-go (hooray for Orangina!) but they also have a coffee bar where you can order fresh in-house coffee or tea to accompany your delectable sandwich or salad that can be made to order. I usually go for the roasted turkey sandwich, but I sub wheat instead of the white and it's awesome. You can choose fries or a salad, and usually I opt for the salad because I really dig their house dressing, which is a white balsamic. 

They also have a variety of fabulous breakfast sandwiches, with a perfectly cooked egg on a tasty and buttery brioche bun. Their bacon is thick, smokey, and cooked to perfection. 

I love you, Tela's.
I came here with 4 friends and we all ordered different things. All of our coffee was marginal at best. The cold brew was see through and weak. I ordered the drip coffee and it was full of coffee grounds. The chicken on the chicken sandwich was 1/3 the size of the bun. On the positive side both the ham sandwich and the veggie burger were pretty good. This place is over priced and under delivers on quality.
Telas is a great addition to Fairmount and a perfect spot for coffee, lunch, or fresh groceries. 

For coffee, the serve Four Barrel and have a full range of espresso drinks and ready made, drip coffee. The coffee is good and the baristas prepare consistently good espresso drinks.  They also have iced coffee on the menu if that is your thing. Along with the coffee they have a hot tea menu. 

For prepared food, they have a lengthy breakfast menu which is served until 3pm and a lunch menu they start serving at 11am. (Go between 11-3 for lots of options!) The sandwiches and salads are really fresh with great breads and produce used throughout.

And Tela's is the perfect spot for a few groceries or last minute dinner items too.  They have a small, but well curated produce section, great artisan breads, fresh fish, specialty meat & cheeses, and tons of spreads and sides to add on.  They also have several ready-to-go meal options that you can take home and finish cooking - such as seasoned and breaded fish fillets.

Overall, this is a new favorite stop on our walks around the neighborhood with the dog!
I live around the corner from here and to say I am here often is an understatement.  I bring out of town guests here and always recommend it.  Today I had a truly terrible experience that is making me reconsider.  I came To buy something from the deli counter.  The woman on the other side was ringing customers at the register.  There was another gentleman by the deli who ignored me and two people behind the coffee bar with no customers who saw me and did not offer to help.  I waited a few minutes for the woman to finish her line of customers.  Wen she finished the line of customers she just walked away without offering to help me!  Ignored by every employee in the store in an area that requires assistance (purchasing weighted foods from behind a counter).  What a mess.
Bought chestnuts hear around the Holidays and would have to guess about 1/3 of them were dry and molded.

They have extended the breakfast hours since my first review which is nice, and also seemed to have improved the size of the breakfast sandwiches as well as add homefries to them which is nice.  The people that work the counter continue to be painstakingly slow however.  When a line is 6 people deep, the girl at the register should not be the only one at the coffee counter so that when coffee runs out she has to stop taking orders to grind beans, load the grinds, and make coffee.  Then returns with a smile and a "hello" oblivious to the fact that you just waited in line 5 minutes to order a large iced coffee which is basically the same size of a small anywhere else.
Had the misfortune of eating here a few times. The BL(A)T is decent. An adequate, somewhat creative take on the classic BLT. The buttermilk fired chicken sandwich is in the same boat, decent. Nothing inspiring. The Banh Mi tacos were insultingly bland. A massive disappointment to anyone who's ever wished for flavor in their life. I would've almost preferred that the tacos tasted bad, to at least indicate that some kind of creative effort was involved in creating a modicum of originality to a classic dish. But no. Just exceptionally bland. Shredded carrots and cucumbers were thrown in. Clearly a lazy effort as they were just recycling items they had left over from their lousy salads. Sad!
This was my first time, and I doubt I'll actually be in the area again to try them out again. However, as I waited to order, I was looking around for the prices for the " pastries". When I walked in, I expected to be able to get an apple turnover or danish or a croissant. I only noticed a few muffins, brownies and cookies BUT NO PRICES listed anywhere. I didn't like that at all but I said I would still try it out. I asked what the muffins were, I guess the guy on register was new or just not used to being on register because he wasn't ready for my questions. He asked the original guy who was on register, now making coffees, what half of them were. I decided on a chocolate chips muffin. Then I asked if the iced tea was sweet. The register guy asked other now coffee guy, Omar, was it sweeten, Omar replied yes. So I agreed to get a sweet iced tea. The register guy asked large or small? I didn't notice a difference in the size of cup or see a price for 2 sizes. So I asked how much was it, now the signage said 2.5 but it didn't say anything about size. The register guy rung up a small on the register and replied 2.76.... so I was all the way confused. I again agreed to purchase a sweet tea and my chocolate chip muffin. He told me my total way $6.82. I was alil taken aback because I could have went to Dunkin Donuts and got everything for about $4. But I agreed to pay and I received my items I never received a receipt which bothered me. As I walk to my car I tried my iced tea, and no it wasn't sweet. I went back inside, and Omar was back at the register. So I ask Omar if they had sweet tea in this time Omar said no is simple syrup and he pointed to where I could get that. So needless to say, I was not expecting my visit to be or turn out that way. And now I know and I wanted to let everyone else know. Stick to what you know LOL
I absolutely adore this place! I've been here twice now for breakfast before heading to campus and It's been awesome both times. 

I ordered the turkey bacon, egg and cheese on brioche my first time here and it was very tasty and so filling! The eggs come over easy, but I prefer my eggs over medium, and they were cooked PERFECT! Just the right amount of runniness, not too runny, but not solid either so I enjoyed every little bit. The breakfast sandwiches comes with crispy potatoes and they are so yummy! I loved that it was still crispy in the take out container even though I didn't get to my meal about 10  minutes later! 

My second visit was later in the day so I decided to try one of their soups: the shrimp and roasted corn chowder and I LOVED it! So fresh and the serving size is quite a good size! There were small whole shrimps in the chowder and since it was a chowder, I was expected it to be a little thicker, but it was great the way it was: a little thinned out so then it wasn't so heavy! 

The staff here is super friendly! They greet their regulars like family and the atmosphere and environment of this place is amazing. Very homey, comforting, local shop feel. The seating here is communal and there is outside seating as well. They have fresh groceries, organic produce, and ready-to-go food as well (salads, wraps, sandwiches, dips). 

Tela's is a little on the pricier side and sometimes waiting for your order to-go can take a little while, it's worth it! I know I'll be getting fresh, high quality food, so I don't mind waiting :)
Tela's continues to improve and standout as the go to fresh food, quick service place in the neighborhood! I've been getting the catch of the day lately and it is always fresh and deliciously paired with veggies. It's also always changing, so even though I'm craving the dish I had last week, the one I'm having today always makes up for it. Kids options are on point too. Noo-noos and cheese, PB&J always solid and plenty for 2 little ones to share. Staff is also great as I wrangle my kids and get settled at a table. Thanks Tela's!
So let me start with the Reuben sandwich I ordered to go. Delicious!!! I brought it back to work, ten minutes later I took it out of the To Go box " yes cool recyclable box" and it was still crisply grilled, melted in my mouth perfect!! I wish it was bigger it was so good. I also got a artichoke salad from the pre made food and have been craving it ever since.  They are new and seem to be working the crinks out of there system.  Can't wait to oh back!!! Also the chef will give you simple yummy cooking suggestions for your meat and fish purchases!!!!
This place is WAY expensive.   I just stopped by.  $4/pound for Jersey peaches!  Same local peaches are .99/pound at Reading Terminal and many supermarkets!  

$1.00 for a single lime. Geez. 

The cheeses are $20-$30/pound.  
Too rich for my blood.  

I thought Whole Foods was bad.  This place is a bit ridiculous.  I thought a new neighborhood place would be convenient. But I get so frustrated every time I've come here hoping to find reasonable prices.
Awesome breakfast spot that will get you in and out. We had the banana French toast and the bagel and lox and it was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. 

Didn't care for the communal seating but it's not so bad if you beat the rush.
I love everything about this place BUT they play the worst music. Very unfitting for the environment. Mostly disco and 70s party music played way too loudly. It always taints my experience. I still visit because the food and coffee are great but wish they'd consider that people don't want "Stayin' Alive" blaring at them at 9am on a Sunday. Change the music and turn it down.
Tela's opened up down the street from my house a few months ago and i have to say this place is perfect in the clutch for anything. 
Their sandwiches and specialty plates are great, there's so many options and varieties that no matter what mood you are in, they have you covered.
Their coffee is on point, and the staff is really nice and willing to help you out in any way. In addition to coffee and made to order food, they also have a butcher shop, fresh produce and any other specialty needs for cooking. They get bread from local bakeries and have a pretty decent cheese selection. I gotta say this place is nice, a bit expensive, but it really helps out the neighborhood and is a great place to go eat and get some work done, in a non coffeehouse setting.
For the love of God why do you have only one person taking orders, making coffee, and running the front of the house at 8:30 in the morning? It takes foreverrrrr here. It's so painful. The lines get so long. So frustrating. Tela's I love you but this is ridiculous! 

I am writing this using your free wifi while waiting for my bagel.
So, I like many others that have reviewed Tela's am in LOVE with the food. I agree that they have just the right amount of selection. You can tell care is taken in the preparation process. I personally love the Omelette with sharp provolone, arugula, and ham (thought I substitute the ham for sausage no problem or extra cost) for breakfast, the turkey club for lunch, and their coffee cake (which is TO DIE for). 

Here are my qualms with Tela's:

Having been in customer service for many years, I TRUELY appreciate good customer service, good quality products, and speed/efficiency. 

Tela's is great with the second, good quality products. 

But with customer service, and speed/efficiency, they fall very short. I keep going back because of the specialty menu items that I like, I love the little hipster home town vibe it's got going on, but I may stop giving this place my business if things don't change. I will preface that one time I messed up my online sandwich lunch order for the turkey club and they were more than happy to fix it no issue.  

1) I ordered pancakes for a friend and the omelette for myself for pick-up service. This time, because I know about the time issue, I ordered over the phone. I came in and it was ready (thank God!). I asked the man, who was nonchalant, if the syrup for the pancakes was in the box and if I could have a side of strawberry jelly for the toast that came with my omelette. He replied that the syrup was indeed in the box and that my jelly would be right out. 10 min later I receive my side of jelly (WTF??), and upon getting home my friend opens the pancakes and viola!, NO SYRUP! Because of the distance we opted for the corner store to get some cheap syrup. An easy mistake yes, and I should have checked my bag before I left so I take the blame, but I did confirm with him, and instead of asking me to check the sales person just replied with a sound yes. 

2) Because I'm hooked on that omelette I order it again, and some of the delicious coffee cake after a long Saturday morning run. I again pre-order for pickup and when I get there it is ready, but the line is long and for some reason the cashier has to keep switching from the kitchen register, to the market register (annoying). It takes about 10 min for me to get to the front, she rings me and packs up my food, and I had to remind her about the coffee cake (again, annoying). So then I again ask for a side of jelly, and tell her the story of the pancake fiasco the day prior. She apologizes about the pancakes while giving me an excuse, "he probably thought you said no syrup," to which I replied, "no, I had the bag in my hand and specifically asked if the syrup was in the box containing the pancakes." She again apologized and put in my order for jelly, which next time I will MAKE SURE to specify while ordering. Again, 10 min later, after re-asking another associate, my side of jelly comes up. I thank her and leave. But seriously, HOW LONG DOES IT TKE TO GET A SIDE OF JELLY? Is there something I'm missing? 

LOL, well that has been my experience thus far.
Greeted with a warm smile and the environment is calming. Ordered an egg sandwich, assuming it would just be an egg and bread. To my surprise, I was able to add avocado, lettuce and tomato, free of charge! It was delicious. The coffee was a bit strong for my taste and went cold when I added the milk (maybe too much). They happily replaced it with milder, sweeter coffee. The service was great and it's a welcoming breakfast place.
I purchased BBQ chicken, Mac&cheese and meatballs. My son was eating the chicken when i noticed it was a little red. I cut the breast and noticed it was row and blooded. I hope my son does not get sick or this yelp review will blow up even more. I tried to call the Tela's but no one picked up the phone. 

If my son does get sick it will be on!!!

The respond on twitter - so i had to give them 3 for being responsive to the customer. I look forward to trying this place again. Cook that chicken good.
I love this place! Traveling in the U.S. I sometimes find it hard to find places that serve price worthy healthy food, but this is perfect. Good service, nicely furnished, good menu, quality ingrediens. Top notch!
This is a great fairmount option for a cafe work space that also has great food options. I have come here for brunch with a friend and also alone to do some work and use the wifi! The food always tastes fresh using high quality ingredients. I don't leave feeling gross, not the place if you're looking for greasy comfort food. 

Like all places in Fairmount it is better to walk here as parking is just side streets. If you have to drive, I'd try to get here before 5 as the parking gets increasingly worse.

I've had the Lenny for breakfast (a bagel with lox and the works) and the caprese sandwich. I recommend both!
I love the place but their food is over priced and inconsistent,  is always something different and the portions seem to get smaller and smaller ! The staff is great manager and Amanda always go out of the way to help .
Grabbed lunch here with a friend for the first time; couldn't be happier! They have an extensive menu at reasonable prices, and everything was fast and yummy. I will definitely be back.
Every Philly neighborhood needs a place like Tela's. They have coffee, breakfast, prepared foods, produce, meat and seafood counter, and cheeses! It's perfect when you need that one thing you forgot at the regular store, or are too tired/lazy to cook dinner and would rather eat fancy cheese with fancy crackers instead.

One star off for somewhat high prices. At $2.75 plus tax for a large drip, it's not worth going every morning on my way to work.
Oh Tela's. You swooped into the neighborhood with the promise of being able to purchase a lemon without taking the 15 minute hike to Whole Foods. For a while, you were a staple. That cold brewed iced coffee was everything I wanted on Sunday morning, but then you gave me a raisin bagel with scallion cream cheese. Yes. you heard me. This came after I ordered an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, waited for 20 minutes, asked about it, had an embarrassed employee inform me they were out of everything bagels and then reordered a raisin bagel with PLAIN cream cheese and received that monstrosity instead. Their cold brew has also taken a sad and watery turn. The problem is that it used to be so good, and then, like a teenager pilfering the liquor closet and trying to hide the evidence, for some reason, they think we won't notice that they are scrimping on cold brew. Just stop watering it down. I'll even pay a few more cents for a better product. 

Not to harp, there are lots of great things about Tela's. Their seltzer selection. Their amazing guacamole. The phenomenal bagels that are actual bagels and not just the gluey bread rings you find in most Philadelphia establishments. The convenience of having them in our neighborhood. Unfortunately, the inefficiency of their register system and the watered down iced coffee is tainting the joy I used to feel when entering the store.
One of my favorite neighborhood spots. 

Telas has never disappointed. There menu has varying options for all different types of people and everyone can find something they'll like with rotating specials that always catch my eye. 

The market is wonderful if you have forgotten an item or two at the grocery store and want to run and get it- otherwise doing your entire shopping list there will be pricey!!! 

It gets crowded here on Saturday and Sunday mornings but if you bring a good book or good company the time goes by fast and the food makes the wait worth it. 

I truly enjoy Telas Market and will find myself in there very often trying new things off their menu!
Best fish tacos that I have ever had in philadelphia. Everything is super fresh! The workers are all very sweet and welcoming . Comfortable,clean, calm atmosphere. One of my go-to's. Great for sit down  or take out and to come in and do work on your laptop.
One of my favorite neighborhood spots. 

Telas has never disappointed. Their menu has varying options for all different types of people and everyone can find something they'll like with rotating specials that always catch my eye. 

The market is wonderful if you have forgotten an item or two at the grocery store and want to run and get it- otherwise doing your entire shopping list there will be pricey!!! 

It gets crowded here on Saturday and Sunday mornings but if you bring a good book or good company the time goes by fast and the food makes the wait worth it. 

I truly enjoy Telas Market and will find myself in there very often trying new things off their
I have been going to this place from the beginning and feel like service is going down hill as well as the food. Numerous incidents with the staff being unfriendly. Today I got the pancakes and found a hair that definitely wasn't mine. When I brought it up to the front, to let the kid know. His response to me telling him I found a hair in my pancakes was "cool" when I walked away he was laughing about it with other customers.... I won't be going back, it's unfortunate because I'm usually there 2/3 times a week for something.
This place was cute. I came with the a friend for brunch and I enjoyed the atmosphere and the decor. We came around the middle of the day, which I have to imagine is one of the peak hours, because all the tables were pretty much occupied. There were a couple tables not cleared off, and I couldn't tell if anyone ever cleaned them. We had a few crumbs in the cracks where we sat. We did see someone clean after the crowd dissolved.

Food was pretty tasty. The fries tasted similar to fast food restaurants, which surprised me. They were good, though no "artisan" or hand-cut type of thing going on here.

The chicken sandwich I ordered was drenched in sauce, which made it hard to tell if the chicken had any real flavor, but somehow it worked. The brioche bun also made it good. 

I had a little bit of my friend's strawberry pancake and it wasn't that moist, but the toppings were good.

I would return. It was a bit pricey, but a nice place to stop in if in the area.
Their food is great! They also have a little market inside for grab-and-go type of things. Will come back
We just moved into the neighborhood a few months ago. Tela's quickly won us over--everything from a morning cappuccino, a delicious breakfast or lunch, or picking up a few groceries! It's charming, warm, friendly and menu is impressive for a market/kitchen concept. Highly recommend this place!
Adorable slightly overpriced but delicious gourmet market in Fairmount selling to-go and sit in meals made to order, pre-made meals, and basic groceries. The people are always really friendly and the food is always delicious. It is definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
What a wonderful and unique spot! Headed here in the AM after a long and early flight and was not disappointed. Olivia, the girl who made my latte, did a wonderful job. She was so friendly, pretty fast, and was helpful when I explained I wanted a non-dairy alternative in my latte. Great spot, great latte!
I went to Tela's today, on a whim.  My husband and I were driving into Center City from Chestnut Hill to go to the Rittenhouse Spa.  Due to several detours, we ended up on Fairmount Avenue, saw the place and I commented on how cute and warm it looked.  We went to the Rittenhouse, and decided against Famous 4th Street Deli (HUGE MISTAKE!  HUGE!!!!), and decided to try out Tela's.  What a terrible experience.  I dropped my husband off and went to park the car.  I had specifically said I really wanted an egg white omelette, one of my favorite things.  I walked in and he said he had spoken to a woman who said of course, they would be more than willing to do an egg white omelette.  This is not rocket science.  It is eggs without the yolks, with cheddar cheese and bacon.  I asked for toast and was told it came with potatoes.  I asked if I could substitute toast for the potatoes, and the gentleman ringing us up said NO.  I asked if I could purchase a side of toast; again, NO.  Okay, I will take the just the egg white omelette please.  So, we sat down with my ice tea and our food came...it was an omelette that had virtually, no bacon, cheddar cheese, and some other stuff I didn't want.  We just looked at each other and shook our heads.  The young man at the register (wearing a brown stocking cap, long hair, beard, plaid shirt and black glasses) was one of the most arrogant, ignorant, self entitled millennials I have ever met.  Talking to us was an issue, our order was an issue, side orders were an issue.  I agree that the place is really cute and very warm on the decorative side, but the employees are just flat out rude.  If you really want a great (and cheap) egg white omelette made perfectly with loads of bacon and cheese, take the 20 minute drive to The Trolley Car Diner on Germantown Avenue in Mount Airy or go to Famous 4th Street.  Employees rock!  Food rocks!  Everything on both menu's is awesome!  Will never go here again, yet alone, take out of town guests.  I would be horrified by my guests' possible treatment.   I lived in Fairmount not long ago, and grew up in the city.  If this is what the neighborhood is turning into; they can keep it, and their attitude too.  Believe me, they do not have the intelligence to do anything other than what is EXACTLY on the menu.  Again, not rocket science here people.  Be a little adventurous!
I really, really want to like this place.  It's about a block from home and on my way to work, and I love the space.  But, it's completely over-priced, and I often get apathetic service (once the girl cutting my prosciutto rolled her eyes when I requested two ounces -- "We cut in pounds").  Today I paid $8.37 for a small latte and a chocolate croissant.  $8.37!  It used to be $7.83 for the same thing, and I can go two blocks down the street (and from now on, I will) to OCF and pay less than $7 for the same thing.  The younger staff in general (presumably college kids) seem generally confused by anything not found on their script, and I sometimes have to wait a long time for my order to be filled, and if you sit down to eat, be prepared to wait.  Also, their coffee cups leak.  If I order a drip coffee and walk it four blocks down the street to my office, my hand is soaked by the time I get there.  Tela's, I wanted to like you and be a loyal customer.  But I just can't anymore.
Decent, but nothing that blows me away, particularly for the prices being charged for certain items. I have had the meatball parm which was good but skimpy on the meatballs (way more bread than balls), the turkey club which was the best thing I have had here, the breakfast burrito (too many beans, not enough choriZo), and the egg sandwich (again skimpy, go to rybread).

The coffee is OK - won't draw me from cafe laube. 

I like the baguettes. 

Looking forward to trying the meat/ fish available, however this is not a go to for me in the neighborhood and will only be used for convenience.
Best of the coffee shops in Fairmount. Service is consistently above & beyond friendly. $5 for a large coffee and great bagel - I used to pay $8-9 for the same at OCF or Mugshots. Shrimp and grits are also yummy and priced well for the portion ($8). I love that I can pop in and grab fresh produce also.
I've been to Tela's a handful of times and each time I have been disappointed 1st with the sour milk and off taste of their coffee, 2nd with the inconsistent bread used in their egg sandwiches (grilled burger buns?) 3rd the stale pastries. 

The most disappointing part however, is the fact that every time I have tried to purchase the affogato I have been told "We already cleaned the machines (2 hrs before close)" or "It's too early in the day" and then when I asked when they actually sell it they say anytime of the day...but clearly the catch being that their employees aren't already packed up and ready to quit or just generally don't feel motivated to serve the customer. 

I won't be going back again after close to a half a dozen visits trying to convince myself I should like it (mainly due to the proximity to my apartment)
Cute little cafe & market. Ambience is inviting and open. Cafe menu is superb  good value for what you get. I had the "green wrap" which was hearty, filling and healthy with loads of veggies. Ate it so quickly I forgot to take a photo. Their standard coffee is decent, not quite superb. But I do like how they offer mugs "to stay" (with free refills) to reduce waste. Pleasantly surprised to see their produce options fairly priced for the season (radishes, spring mix, herbs, cabbage etc. were all in like with grocery store prices). Considering they have a small shop I was expecting them to be exorbitant. They have a great deal on Philly muffins ($2.99/pack) compared to other sellers. I'm DYING to try their pot pie. Seems like a nice quick meal for an "easy dinner" night. The fish&meat section looked very fresh, but was missing many price tags and descriptions. That tends to scare me away, thinking they're probably too expensive. Though, I'm fine with paying more for animal protein if they list the source info, but you'd have to ask for this info every selection. 

Overall, seems like a great spot. Plan to come back!
I want to like this place because it's so close to my apartment, but I've been about five times over the past three months and it's consistently disappointing. I've had their bagels twice which are fine, nothing to write home about (which is the case for all bagels in Philly. Where can I get a big-ass bagel that's both soft and got a little crunch on the outside?!). Their coffee is fine, again nothing to write home about. The grocery items look interesting, but much of it I could find at Whole Foods for less. The thing that prevents me from making this place my go-to coffee stop in the morning or even trying anything else on the menus besides a bagel is the service. Every time I have gone in it's been so slow and disorganized. The same girl has always rung me up and it always seems like it's her first day at the register. The rest of the staff always seem to be rushing around putting out fires, like making someone's drink that was forgotten or running to the back to get a dish that someone is waiting for. Basically everyone seems scattered and I could walk to Mugshots and back in the time it takes Tela to get me a coffee.  I would not recommend Tela's simply based on service, especially when OCF, Cafe L"Aube and Mugshots are just as close.
Great atmosphere. This is where the hipster crowd scattered after parents started going to starbucks. 

My issue is price. It has a great market-type environment, which is usually home to good prices and local growers. I'm not sure where the farming is done, but the hustle is done in this market. Salmon for $30?

Coffee is good, not too overpriced either. Good spot, more expensive than whole foods though.
I really like Tela's. Good casual neighborhood brunch spot/cafe/curated grocery. Long benches and WiFi so you can stay and do work. Small market with fresh produce and meats. They also have a small section of prepared foods which is good when you're in a pinch for dinner.
The food was blend. Lack of information in the menu ( fry tuna, raw salmon..) , staff was lost, forgetting food, drinks, water...  A Kaos. Piles of food to go in the bar counter. Our waitress was working also outside, so impossible to catch her,she was nice but forgetting our orders. Drinks came 30 min after our meals. The only person helpful was the host, maybe manager? 
It was so stressful that we didn't enjoy our meal. 
This was after their refreshing new reopening as a restaurant, and i wonder how this mess happened. I will give it a chance again since I live in the area. 
the good part is that everyone was friendly and the host ( manager?) Was nice and helpful.
This is my go-to favorite spot for lattes and delicious meals!

Living only three blocks away, I still have tons of options. They aren't cheap like Fairmount Pizza but a better deal (and quality) than OCF. 

I love their breakfast sandwich, the BLAT (BLT with avocado) and cheeseburger... I swear I have dreams about their sandwiches sometime. So good! 

The little grocery is pricey but nice if you'd like to splurge on some tasty snacks or items for cooking. The staff are very helpful and I've always felt good being there. During warmer weather, this was my to-go outdoor eating place to meet friends.
Great food and service. Reasonably priced breakfast. Love the breakfast and also the turkey club (although it's a little pricey for a sandwich). The coffee and drinks are also good. The staff is friendly and attentive. It's a nice atmosphere but not a lot of seating room. I usually call ahead and take it home. They also have a nice little market with some odds and ends. Highly recommend!
I went to Tela's Market for brunch before heading to the Eastern State Penitentiary. I arrived around 10:50 am and found out that the sandwiches are not available until 11:00 am so I ended up waiting about ten minutes before placing my order. I tried the breakfast sandwich and the fried chicken sandwich. Both of them were okay, but not anything special. The breakfast sandwich was pretty salty so I wasn't able to finish it. 

The market area is very cute and has a variety of meats, drinks, and vegetables, which are all reasonably priced. I will probably come back again to shop the market area, but I doubt I will be back for the restaurant area.
Delicious takeout at Telas! Great spot in Fairmount for dinner or brunch. I love the market inside with coffee, produce and cute home items. Definitely a neighborhood staple. Can't wait to come back to try their brunch!
This is probably my favorite brunch place around. Within a 2 minute walk from my apartment, Tela's has become a new weekend brunch staple. From the great tasting menu, awesome atmosphere, and even outside seating, this place has it all! My brother and I took our parents and aunt and uncle out to breakfast Saturday morning before they had to get dressed up for a wedding in the city. Upon walking in, there were 3 rows of picnic tables, with plenty of room for us to sit at. I ordered the Cherrywood Bacon Omelet and a small iced coffee. Our meals were brought to us very quickly and everything tasted so fresh. 

On our way out, we grabbed some fruits (apples and cantaloupe) from the market inside. They have a huge selection of fresh, seasonal fruits as well as meats, cheeses, vegetables, and other small food items. Although very convenient, the prices seemed a bit too high, higher than the Whole Foods down the street. Overall, Tela's Market is a great place to stop for a causal breakfast or even lunch depending on your mood! Will definitely be back here plenty more times!
This is one of our favorite places to go in the neighborhood when we have a little extra money to spend for some quality, fresh meals. We have had breakfast and lunch there, and the breakfast, although seemingly simple, is flavorful and well executed. I love coming here but I wish the prices were more reasonable so that I can go more often. The ambience is hip and rustic with wooden accents and hanging fairy lights.
Love the food, options are great. They also have a section to shop for fresh veggies, fruits, and meat. Also, great for little meetings.
Food quality is good but is not worth the price you pay. I just paid $15 for a takeout Cobb salad and didn't realize how SMALL the salad was until I got home. Barely any cheese, maybe 1 oz of chicken compared to the standard size of 3 ounces. If you are going to charge $15 for a takeout salad it better be enough food to feed 2.
Recently discovered this place, and I'm giving it a 5-Star for food and decor. Hubby and I went here on a Sunday morning for breakfast, and it was the perfect experience. We came pretty early, so there was not much a crowd and ordered the Breakfast Burrito and French Toast. Both dishes were so delicious, we cleaned our plates. Also ordered the macchiato .. and the barista was kind enough to ask how I liked it, I said like the Starbucks version and it turned out delicious, probably one less pump of the syrup next time, as it was a little too sweet for my taste. Overall, definitely coming back to this place.
Solid coffee shop with great parties and coffee. Reasonable prices as well. Nice and quite atmosphere in a great area.
I live one block from Tela's & was here when they first opened. They have gone so far downhill is unbelievable. The staff has gotten progressively rude over the years, their prices are now insane & they're giving so much less food! 

I went in this past weekend and ordered a coffee and a bacon egg and cheese and it was smaller than the palm of my hand & wasn't even on a real bagel. Not to mention the bacon egg and cheese + the coffee was $16.94!!! 

Definitely won't be going back, which sucks because they used to be really great!
