DO NOT EAT HERE. I repeat: do NOT eat here. I will never eat here again and refuse to let anyone I care about eat here. If you don't want to read this long explanation, here's the reason why: I found a nail (a piece of hardware) in my crab dip appetizer. I bit into a nail and it pierced my gum.

Two Sundays ago, I brought my family to the Ten Stone bar which is in my neighborhood full of bars. I usually go to Ten Stone for happy hour or late nights before heading home, and it's a great place to drink with friends. But, I had never eaten the food and thought it was worth a try. My sister had the nachos before, and apparently they were great, so we ordered them. 

Our waitress (Maggie) informed us that Ten Stone ran out of tortilla chips, since they make them in-house in batches and they went quickly that day. Which is surprising that they ran out of a pretty basic item so early on a Sunday evening (wouldn't it be a no-brainer to go just grab a bag of tortilla chips for CVS?) Anyway, I digress, no nachos, so Maggie suggested we try the crab dip with pita instead. 

The first few bites of the crab dip were okay, kind of unremarkable on the flavor scale, but then I bit into something hard... like a rock. I spit it out and discovered it was an inch long thin nail with a kind of sawed off head of the nail-- it was sharp on both sides. Thankfully, the pita kept it rolled up AND FROM GOING THROUGH MY JAW or splitting my tooth, though it did pierce my gum. Our waitress, Maggie was very apologetic, understanding, and comforting but this was just absolutely insane. A NAIL-- IN THE FOOD. I understand that things happen and there's hair in food, whatever, but a sharp piece of metal in a highly process/prepared food is insane. There is a lack of attention to detail in the food, and generally an unsafe/contaminated environment in the kitchen. Our food was comped and we were told that the owner or manager would call us ASAP--fyi-- there was no manager on site to handle the situation, also a no-no for a decent establishment on a weekend (in my opinion). 

I didn't receive a call from the owner( Marvin) until my mother reached out to the owner (2 DAYS LATER). The owner did not care enough to be preemptive on this matter, apologize to me, and seek to rectify the situation. Why would you want to eat at a restaurant that just wants to cover their butts when there is a health issue/liability? The owner said he was trying to figure out where it came from (didn't end up having an answer), then lied about sending me a picture of the nail, which he procrastinated for so long until he admitted that he would not send it.

I am infuriated by this but it's nice to know that a lot of people use Yelp and can read reviews like this make better choices to go to any of the other amazing bars in our neighborhood that are dying for your business. 

FYI: My friend lives above Ten Stone bar and she has a pretty epic mice problem... in case you haven't been grossed out enough by the nail thing.
Searching for good drink prices and where you drink doesn't matter? Buy a few six packs and drink at home.

If boozing it up at home isn't an option, this neighborhood restaurant will do. It's fairly generic, and doesn't make bones about it.

Service seemed slow last I was there, but that could've been my imagination.
oh ten stone... 
aside from the fact that this was the bar where the guy ive been with for the past four years told me he cheated on me, this place is pretty ass-slappin' awesome. 

i highly recommend the sangria. there is something delightfully lime-y about their sangria that puts everyone else's to shame. the nachos are artery-cloggingly delicious, as is their majestic quesadilla. 

stick around for the beer, sports, or a hilarious game of darts. you will most likely see me there with my dart-partner-in-crime.
Yup, it is a bar
But it's all mediocre
So disappointed

Like parents whose only child chooses to go to art school and study pottery, my disappointment in Ten Stone is both keen and lingering. I cringe when people say "I want to like this place, but..." then list all the reasons said place sucks. I don't want to be that guy, and I don't want to read that guy's reviews. However...

I want to like Ten Stone. I can see the sign from my place. They have a respectable tap which changes on the regular. It's never crowded during the afternoons, so I come here occasionally with co-workers before late afternoon meetings. I don't go here in general though, because every time I do I'm reminded of my abject disappointment in the entire experience.

First the positive. Their beer list is one of the best in the area, and they've always got a good diversity of stouts, lagers, IPA's and Ale's. They have a wide horseshoe shaped bar, and plenty of seating (albeit mostly 4-tops) during off-peak hours.

Unlike other bars, it's pretty well lit. The orange walls and wood tables give the room a warm feel, and it's not terribly loud. There's some decent standing room around the bar itself, but nowhere to sit your drink while doing so.

Despite all the seating in the main room, it seems like there is only ever one waiter on duty, so forget about getting any type of expedient service. Depending on the waiter, you might not even get a greeting. Hell depending on the time, you may not even get a beer, a clean table or a menu. It's a cycle; the service sucks because there's one miserable person on duty, and they're miserable because everyone thinks the service sucks. Note: hire more staff.

But then there's the food. I've never eaten anything so absent of flavor. Everything from the hummus to the Cuban sandwich is completely unremarkable. When I'm eating there, my internal thought process is along the lines of "I'm eating this because my body needs nutrients to continue to function, not because it's any good." 

The meat is flavorless, as are most of the sauces. It's like it's been roasted/cooked with no regard to flavor or seasoning, only proper internal temperature. Everything I've eaten from here seems devoid of any type of seasoning, including salt.

I was here on a Friday night recently, grabbed a beer at the crowded bar, and snagged a table. Cut to 30 minutes when the menu's finally arrived after flagging down the waitress and requesting them. Ten more minutes. The waitress came by for the food order, and I nearly had to grab her arm to alert her that we'd like another beer. Despite the empty glasses sitting on the table, she had no intention of asking if we'd like another round.

We sat there for two hours and only had two beers (including the first one from the bar). I'd closed my bar tab already or I would have definitely just gone up and gotten it myself. When we finished the second beer, again with glasses empty on the table, she didn't ask if we wanted another round, she asked if we wanted the check. Kind of strange, no? I still tipped 20% because it's not her fault she's handling the entire floor, but damn was that the worst service I've ever gotten anywhere.

So yeah, I really want to like Ten Stone. I can't even bring myself to give them one star despite all my annoyances and dislikes. If it were Tuesday night at 6PM and all I wanted was a beer or two, I'd head over and sit at the bar and likely have a decent experience. However I can still get a better experience at any number of places at the same time. It's a rare evening where I can be found at Ten Stone, one which won't be coming again anytime soon.
Ten Stone is a neighborhood spot. They offer a variety of drinks with fun frozen cocktail options on occasion. The food menu is pretty basic with some items that are not great, and other's that are delicious and not to be missed.

If you're here and don't mind something greasy, the cheesesteak spring rolls are arguably the best food item on the menu. A frequent special is a fajita wrap and that's delicious too! My boyfriend is a huge fan of the wings, but I haven't had them myself.

I'd avoid the flatbreads, tacos, and nachos. Not Ten Stone's strong suit, but I think that you could guess that by looking around at the vibe here.

If you want a cozy, laid back night inside there are almost always tables and seats at the bar. They also have a back room with a pool table that I did not realize was there the first few times I visited. When it's nice out, the outdoor seating is usually packed.

I think the price point is on the higher side for a dive-leaning bar, but I don't mind paying it.
When I found myself here around 12:30 am on a Saturday night / Sunday morning, my first impression was that I had accidentally stepped into a frat party from 1996. But since I had left the ol' time machine at home, I was fairly certain that I was just in a bar that I wouldn't have chosen if I hadn't been meeting up with the awesome Sam P, NYC Yelp Community Manager, who was staying in the 'hood. 

Aside from the fact that "Two Princes" by The Spin Doctors was blasting from the speakers at full blast, giving the backwards baseball cap crowd unbridled permission to par-tay, and the crazy terracotta colored sponge painted walls (yep, I said sponge painted), it was actually a place that didn't make me want to stab people's eyeballs out with a spoon. Because despite my first judgmental impression, it turned out to be a cool place to drink some amazing beer (Southern Tier? Tear? Who knows...it was awesome) with my husband and my pal. 

Best surprise of the evening - every single person I talked to was SUPER NICE. A guy even let me go ahead of him in the bathroom because I told him I was about to wet my leggings (thanks, guy in the leather coat!). (Because I'm a bathroom fanatic, I'll just add that there are multiple single serve bathrooms and they're clean and not gross at all). And one crazy nut told me that he was "mesmerized by my beautiful eyes." I told him I was a professional hypnotist and was leaving tomorrow to tour with Cris Angel. He asked me for free tickets. And my autograph. 

So to the patrons of Ten Stone last Saturday night, I want to offer you my apology. I made a judgment based on sight and sight alone, and that was really d-bag of me. You were all just nice, normal, non-hipster guys and gals out for a good time on the weekend. I'm not used to that - I usually hang out in Northern Liberties, and we all know what that's like. So I hope you can forgive me and welcome me back with open arms next time I need to pretend I'm 22 again.

Rock on, Ten Stone. Rock on.
Ten Store is a chill neighborhood bar. 

I recently went to Ten Store for a friend's birthday brunch/Eagles game watch. My friend had a large group of people so had a few tables. My husband and I arrived late so missed the whole group ordering process. Everyone was already eating when we got there, so the server did a great job of getting our menus and getting our food/drink orders placed. We weren't sitting at the main tables, so we also missed the group bill. 

They have a small, but solid beer list. The beer list was rather adorable, written on a piece of paper. Aside from the Cape May Porter Stomp that I had, the Troeggs Mad Elf and Bells Two Hearted are more prevalent in the area this time of year, but still good nonetheless. 

The beers came almost immediately upon ordering and the food came shortly after. I built my own omelette with onion, pepper, spinach and jack cheese. It came with a side of potatoes that were prepared with peppers and onions. It wasn't the most complicated omelette but they prepared it to standard. It was priced really reasonably. It started at $7 and came with three toppings. Each additional topping was $.50. Cheese wasn't included with the omelette and counted as its own topping, but for $.50 who cares? 

Nothing was super standout about Ten Stone, but it was a totally solid, casual experience.
The hunt for Red October ended in mutiny. The hunt for affordable, parking-friendly (read: not near Rittenhouse) and diner-friendly (read: not two VIP four-hour wait) outdoor tables in Philly may end in a divorce (or argument/tears, depending on who your with).

For Pete's Sake is good, sure. BUt you're under 95, there's only four tables and the chances of you leaving in in under an hour are minimal. New Wave, you say? Also an option, but besides the chicken fingers, sometimes you don't want trying-to-be-gourmet bar food.

It was somewhere between starvation and confusion I found myself on the border of G.HO on 21st and South. Ten Stone had nice, sturdy (not metal little things) tables and charge, gorgeous bar-brand-laden umbrellas and about 10 places to sit outside. Perfect. Now comes the test. . .

The menu was packed full of things any normal person would quietly comment to themselves, "Mmm..that looks good." Wings, nachos, dumplings, artichoke dip, brie and chicken with caramelized onion and argula on a long hard roll, artichocke hearts with chicken and spinach and pesto spread  . . . . woah. About $7 for each two-day-worthy sandwich? Holy f***ing Starrs. 

Add a hand-written daily beer list with all your favorites (hoegaarden) and soon to be's (rasberry lambert) and you've got yourself a your next favorite secret spot.

PS: the pool tables inside are clean and worthy of your game.
It would have been 1-star but their beer selection is alright.

People had been telling me about Ten Stone...  and it wasn't making me excited to go there. I had this completely stereotypical image of a 'college dude' bar that was packed with obnoxious people and I had heard that the food was completely bland and forgettable, but I usually like any place I go to at least a little bit and I thought no way... it can't be THAT bad.

It was that bad. It was worse than I imagined.

One group was actually banging on their table playing some sort of game...   two guys behind us were not only jumping up to chest bump each other, but were trying to jump and spin around to bump each other's backs. Why?  

We waited for a table to open up because we wanted to get some dinner too...   if a place is usually packed it must be pretty good, right? Nope. After we sat down with our first beers that we had got at the bar we waited 40 MINUTES for the waitress to acknowledge our existence and give us menus.  2 other tables sat down after us and got served before us. Then we had to call her over to take our order. She got our food order and our empty glasses were right there in front of her.... it was like she didn't even notice. My fiancee' had to point to the glasses right before she walked away to say "AND.... another round?" 

The food was awful. Listen....  I enjoy things pretty plain. I don't ever put condiments on my burgers, I like my pasta with just butter and cheese, I rarely dabble in the world of spices and herbs when I make my own dinner at home.....    but THIS food... seriously tasted like NOTHING. It didn't taste spoiled or old... it tasted like nothing. I got the pork sandwich with spinach and provolone. I ate it because I'm a living creature and we need food to survive...  there was absolutely no enjoyment. The french fries were the best part and even they were lackluster. Also... the bartenders were the ones to bring our food and our other round of drinks. Waitress? What waitress? And sure.... she was the only one working and I sort of felt bad for her because that's not entirely her fault but not taking our drink orders when she's at our table anyway IS her fault.  My fiancee' said "Thank you" after she brought us something... she started to walk away and said "what?" "I said... thank you"...  "oh! I thought you wanted something" and then walked away..    Really? How about 'you're welcome?'

Next time I'll just get a six pack at the corner store and an old hot dog at 7-11 and have a much more enjoyable experience.
My friend chose this spot for his birthday party (one of the reasons for my little Philly trip) because of its proximity to his apartment and not much else, I imagine. He's not so much of a bar person.  But for gathering a lot of people it actually works quite well.  It's spacious and laid-back with a friendly vibe and lots of tables.  You could do worse.

This is a bar that takes its beer very seriously.  I am no one's beer connoisseur, but I had never heard of half the beers they have on tap.  Normally in this situation, I pick ones that have interesting tap designs -  which usually allows me to try something new.  I experimented with a couple before switching to the reliable Hoegaarden.

Some things you might see at this bar:

1. VERY loud and enthusiastic college basketball fans.
2. A beer called Lucifer which is 9 proof and therefore served in a wine glass (legally, they have to give you less).
3.  A plethora of Penn students ranging from Phd's to Frat Boys.
4.  A gaggle of amply fleshed women celebrating the marriage of one of their friends, a.k.a.  Fatchlorette Party.
5.  A certain Philadelphia community manager walking out the door with a full glass of beer.

It was certainly a night to remember, but somehow I don't think that had much to do with the bar.  Seems like a fine place if you're into this kind of thing.
They serve a hot ham and cheese on a Philly soft pretzel.  Nuff said!
Local bar with easy and laid back service.  Juke box for music, TV above the bar for games, rotating chalkboard menu.

I've been here for lunch, dinner, late drinks, early drinks...it's one of those bars that's whatever you need it to be, when you need it.  Come with family for a nice hearty lunch (salads and soup are great!), or meet friends for happy hour.  Late night, it's a great post dinner spot for a new date, or find a dark corner with an old flame and keep the conversation going to last call.
Good food. Try the fish tacos. Delicious and filling. The atmospher isnt my cup of tea, but hey, who am I to judge. Good food. A little bit like the Abbaye of Soso.
Since I moved 1 block away from this place, I have been going more and more often.  Let me tell you something.  SERVICE AT THE BAR IS AWFUL.  No matter what time of day or how crowded (or not) the bar is, I am always waiting to be served and waiting ages to pay.  Sometimes girlfriend needs to gets going quickly and can not wait for you to stop flirting with whatever guy/girl you're flirting with to pay.
Think of all the things you want in a neighborhood bar:
A mix of cute interesting (with a little attitude) waitresses, funny smart bartenders, a good but not overwhelming beer selection, a notch above the ordinary bar food,  well-placed TVs to cheer on the local sports, plenty of seats with various rooms, outdoor seating when the weather is decent, and other forms of entertainment once the conversation gets stale in the form of a pool table or darts or a jukebox.
It's Ten Stone. 
I've been here in my pajamas. Last winter when it snowed so hard, this was the bar we all gathered at-- and it was packed. I've made friends with the waitresses. I've eaten their version of a cheesesteak. I've lost an embarrassing number of games of pool here. 
You can come and talk to no one, or come and talk to everybody. 
Some seasons I'm sick of going there, other days I'm grateful.
Ten stone is a nice place to relax, grab a drink and a bite, and watch the game. This is one of the few places that I visit on a regular basis that hasn't involved anyone being bitchy/pretentious/annoying. Gotta love it. The price is decent, and the filet mignon cheesesteak is super delicious.
3 words - Golden Monkey on Tap - ok 4 words...

Anyway this usually ends up being a saturday lunch spot for a studio break to give the ears a rest.  It is only 2-3 blocks from my apartment and the beer list is amazing. I am a big fan of the fillet mignon cheese steak - the burgers are good to. There is a pool table but unless you are there during the day forget it. I am definitely looking forward to warmer weather so I can grab an outdoor table when I head there.

all in all a good spot for some good bar food and excellent beer selection.
I have been a big fan for years. I love the outdoor seating, always a cool crowd, especially for games. Excellent beer selection, and good food. The mussels are great and many of there salads are top notch.
I cannot in my heart give a bar anything past 3 stars thats  as loud as a Jonas Brothers concert, though thats stretching it a bit, the place needs to cover there gosh darn brick walls for heavens sake.  But if you are wandering around Grays Ferry looking for a nosh and beer, it ain't terrible. It just has an obnoxious crowd and you may lose some hearing is all. So my advice, if they have outside seating in the evening, take that and avoid the popped collars indoors and rush hour traffic like throng for the bar, and then enjoy a burger and beer at your own pace.
Ten Stone is nice, bt I've never been very impressed. There's better food elsewhere, the atmosphere isn't terribly riveting, and the service is only so-so. The beer list, however, is good. I've definitely enjoyed myself there, but, in the end, I'd rather go to Doobies or the L2 down the street.
This used to be the Hot Club, where Elvis Costello played his first show in Philly in 1977.  I love going there just for that.

The Ten Stone though is great.  It's relaxed and chill and also PACKED.  I came here on an internet pubcrawl and we had tons of fun.  The food is good and the drinks prices aren't bad at all.
Great place for groups. Nice selection of beers and a dart board in the side room. Good crowds, nice local folk. They do a good burger and I'm a fan of the fish tacos. The price is a little much to come on a daily basis but if you're meeting a bunch of people after work, Ten Stone will set the scene for a great evening. And the bathrooms? Great. Beautiful sink.

The downside: pretty poor service away from the bar. And I think the jukebox is broken. It ate two dollars and didn't play any of our songs.
My overwhelming impression of this place is LOUD. Like, forget about talking to anyone except the person right next to you loud. 

Decent beer list, although I always seem to find myself squinting at the chalkboard to see it, and the food is OK bar food - the cheese fondue is good for sharing. 

Definitely a polo shirt and khaki kinda crowd, and the jukebox is one of those electronic jukeboxes that only has the singles from most albums. I hate that.

This place isn't offensive or anything, but there are so many other awesome choices in the area.
Really yummy fish tacos. I'm not a beer drinker BUT they served me two beers that were said to be sweet and I got real tipsy off of them. Really great service also.

One of the beer was a lambic I think , and the other was a fuille or something like that. I can't get the spelling right but they are sweet beers if you like the taste of sweet things. 

For dessert I ordered the banana pudding with ice cream...nah on that one. The pudding felt hard...def not fresh or even homemade. Go elsewhere for dessert in my opinion.

Def would go back
Went to the "unofficial" yelp event last night at ten stone.
Even though I am old and farty and not much of a bar-chick, we had a great time.

It was a lovely evening and we were able to snag a nice table outside.  My husband and a friend of mine ordered beers and I had a vodka cranberry.  (Made with the house vodka - it was pretty bad - I should asked for Grey Goose - Oh, WELL.).

A bit later we got hungry so we ordered a spinach and apple/goat cheese/candied cashews salad (YUM!), a chipotle chicken wrap, a big mug of spicy chicken chili, and another big mug of edamame.  Reaqlly quite good for "bar food".

I will definitely be back!
Friday night, a few friends from out of town came to visit when the heavy set brunette working the tables (not the bar) was a total nightmare. She was rude, incompetent and said racial things to our table. The food was also very salty. Never coming here again and will let all my employees at CHOP know not to come here. Go to side car or drink on the corner of your block. This place is a nightmare.
This really is a great establishment.  I frequent Ten Stone a lot since I live soo close I can throw a rock at it.  Tons of room to sit and eat here.  Also, they have a great digital jukebox.  Up to date with current hits, but also contains tons of classics.

They have a great selection of beers here.  I was pleasantly surprised when they had Delirium on tap.  Great burgers and an amazing fillet mignon cheesesteak.  Staff is friendly and it is always busy.  It really is a popular joint.  A wonderful place to have dinner, forget what time it is and have some beers with some good friends.
I tried to have brunch at Honey's on South, but the wait was an hour fifteen, and there's Ten Stone, right across the street.  On my walk over, I thought to myself "wow, I bet Ten Stone does a TON of overflow business from people like us who don't want to wait (in the rain) for an hour for brunch."  But when we walked in, Ten Stone was nearly empty.  I soon learned why.

Ten Stone's brunch was just... meh.  

We started with coffee, which was served lukewarm.  Our server (who was very nice) heated it up for me when I asked, and later told me that the coffee tends to get cool quickly in the thermal pitchers they pour from.  Which of course makes me wonder why they wouldn't just replace the pitchers.  Coffee is the lifeblood of brunch for many of us, and cold coffee to start was a bad opener.

The menu was not spectacular, but I did order their eggs benedict, which replaces the standard stack with crab and spinach on a biscuit, a nice sounding little twist.   And honestly, when it came out, the flavors were there, it was a clever little benedict variation and the eggs were perfectly poached.  

But... it was tepid.  Cool.  Un-hot.  And I should repeat that there were maybe eight other people in the place, and only four of us, so I'm not sure when this was made that it had time to go from hot-and-fresh to cold-and-clammy.  Even the hash browns were cold.

Water refills weren't frequent, and in fact didn't happen at all from the time our meals came to the time we left... which is precisely when I would have liked something to drink.  Coffee also wasn't refilled during that time, so it was just a bunch of empty glasses (and plastic cups) on a table. 

Ten Stone could be doing SO much more.  Serve hot food, create a few more clever dishes, build up your brunch menu so it's a little bit more robust, and you'll drag those Honey's people right over to your booze-serving, sports-showing, long-standing establishment.  You've got all the ingredients but it's just not coming together very well at the moment.
Ehh...this place kinda sucks. The people who go here totally suck (I felt soo out of place. Next time I'll wear boat shoes and a cardigan) and the service is worse. Well actually, no. The service didn't seem bad for the other people having brunch this morning, but my friend and I were completely ignored. We were served our waters in plastic cups while everyone else in the place had normal glasses. I am not at a barbeque, give me a real cup. We waited for like 15 minutes to even get our menus, despite the place being pretty empty. When we finally got them there were only seven or eight things to choose from. Being the horribly picky eater I am,  I was stuck to choose between French Toast, Wings, or Nachos ( I hate eggs so was not a fan of the omelette heavy menu ).  Umm..well since I just woke up I guess I'll get have to get the French Toast. My friend got a Filet Mignon Cheesesteak (I don't really know why, but hey, his meal). 
We waited for a really long time to get our food and saw couples who came in after us already eating theirs, again we were completely ignored. I kept thinking, okay yes,  this place sucks but maybe the food is going to be great. Nope. It was just average. The French Toast could have been good but it was just way too sweet and I totally regret eating it now. The bread on my friend's cheesesteak was so hard he could barely bite into it. 
  After waiting for the check for what seemed to be forever, we finally added in our heads and left cash on the table. Yeah, we were in that much of a hurry to get out of there.
Needless to say I will never come back to Ten Stone. We should have just gone to the Oregon Diner with the rest of hungover Philadelphia.
Oh, and they were playing all Dave Matthews music. Vomit.
The area surrounding Ten Stone is a little run-down, so it was a nice surprise to see that the restaurant/bar is bright and cheery inside.  When I went on Sunday afternoon, it was fairly crowded.  There was only one server and a couple food runners, but the server was very sweet and friendly despite having to take care of all the tables in the front area (in her shoes, I probably would have been a crazed beotch).  At her recommendation I got a bloody Mary, which came complete with a garnish stick containing lemon, lime, a red pepper slice, a large shrimp and an olive... the bases were pretty much covered.  My boyfriend got the turkey chili, which I couldn't stop eating when it arrived.  It was so good!  I'll definitely have to go back sometime for lunch or dinner.  What a cute place!

Update, 4/15/08: I made it back into this place last night and had to give them another star.  The bartenders were simply awesome.  There were many beers on tap that I was unfamiliar with so one of the guys happily gave me samples galore until I found something I liked.  Nice!
Allow me to preface this review by saying I've been to the Ten Stone enough times (over 100) to know it's just not that great.

SERVICE:  Usually rude.  Even when they know you.  A greeting of "Hey Dan" would always be accompanied by paying full price for every beer.  Not that I'm against paying for what I order, but I do expect to be comped a few beers from places I frequent.  

CROWD:  Recent college grads, their parents, and their friends.  

DOUCHE-BAGS:  Can reach an unacceptable level on weekend nights.

BEER SELECTION:  They have a decent beer selection that is micro-brew focused.  My biggest gripe with this place is it's always 6 dollar beer night.  The only happy hour is a "teacher happy hour" from 3 to 5 on weekdays and you get a generous dollar off.   

FOOD:  Over-priced gourmet sandwiches.  The filet mignon cheesesteak and sandwich on a pretzel are gimmicks, don't trust them they suck.  The rest of the menu is decent.  Fish tacos are good.  The fries are okay and the wraps are good, but never worth the near ten dollars charged.  The brunch is only okay.  

The Ten Stone makes good first impressions, which is probably why it's so popular among out-of-towners.  The more you go there the more you realize your money is better spent elsewhere.
My husband and I go here generally on a Friday nite, and we try to get a table outside.  The service I would rate  2, but the food is good - and we tend to migrate back to the place.

And, it's a great boost to the Graduate Hospital area.  I mainly go for the drinks and appetizers.
Yeah.  This place is totally three and a half star central.  I mean, it's pretty lame, but I feel like it's supposed to suck there.  It's not supposed to be cool.  It's just that shitty local bar that you can get cheap breakfast and mimosas at while the bartender audibly cries at the end of the bar for god knows what reason.  And you know what, whatever.  Welcome to Philadelphia.  You take what you can get.
Perhaps I've been lucky everytime that I've gone but I've never once had slow or bad service here. The staff has always been friendly and welcoming each time I've been there and are helpful in terms of making your experience a pleasant one. Granted, I can understand if service is a bit slow on Sundays because good Brunch places in this area of Philly aren't very prevalent. 

Anyway, the food. It's reallyreallyreally good. Do yourself a huge favor and get the brie and blue cheese fondue. It contains mushrooms as well and it really compliments the cheesy heaven. I took one bite and I got a little bit closer to heaven (as well a little bit fatter but whatever it was SO WORTH IT). It's served with a huge pile of toasted and they actually give you way too much in my opinion. Minor detail. 

Vegetarians, fear not. They have yummy salads and other veg-friendly sandwiches. I recently crossed over to vegetarianism so I was excited to find that I could still enjoy a great bar that has great food. Try the California salad (I think that's the name). It has sprouts, avocado, mango, corn, red peppers, and other yummy goodness. I didn't get the dressing because for some reason I decided on balsamic vinegar that day, but it was so good. The portions are huge and you will definitely have enough to make a meal out of your leftovers. 

The only negative thing I have to say is certain beers are a tad over-priced. They have a decent selection that is rotated on occasion, which, last I checked, includes a framboise lambic (score). 

OH and they have outdoor seating as well. Take advantage of that while the weather is still gorgeous.
I often review things and wonder to myself "am I being too generous? Does that deserve that many stars?" 

Well, worry not. Ten Stone deserves every ounce of the two stars I'm giving it. 

The beer list is decent, but the prices are meh. They're not super high, but they're not great for what you're getting, either. The food is less than meh. I have never left Ten Stone and felt satisfied with the food I'd eaten. It's nice to sit outside when it's warm out, but the service can be slow and the frustration just isn't worth it.  Inside, I somehow always feel like I'm in the way, or inconveniencing the servers. Yes, I'm looking at you. I want another effing beer. It's empty. I'm going to start building things with everyone's empty glasses. COME TAKE MY ORDER. I'M EASY AND I TIP WELL. 

 I live within a couple blocks, and I wish I loved it. I wished it was my neighborhood watering hole. But I'll walk the extra block and a half to Grace Tavern for that.
Ten Stone has great beer selection, good food & atmosphere. A favorite spot.
I ventured here once, hungry and looking for a quick fix. Tenstone did not disappoint. 

The jerk chicken cheesesteak was flavorful and moist, topped with sauteed onions and mushrooms, smothered in gouda cheese and a mango bbq sauce (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!).  I didn't taste much mango, but the balance of the other flavors and textures was great.  I also ordered a side cheese risotto fritters. Not a great fan of these appetizers. I thought that they were too dense and somewhat lacking in flavor. The only redeeming component of the dish was the side spicy rose sauce, which had chunks of carrots and tomatoes.  I only wished they gave me more sauce!
I had a great time, even though it was short, drinking and chatting with people at the 'Ten Stone'. Thank you Bill for putting together a fun lil' event of your very own. It was worth meeting some old and new faces here. 

The service was a bit slow and I guess since I was a new face to the bar, the bartenders were more concerned with their usual patrons. No biggie but what's the problem with some 'new blood', if anything we're paying either way. They had a nice selection on 'tap' and at least what I could smell and see, the food looked quite appetizing. I plan to come back and try some of their entrees. I really do like the interior design, reminds me of some of the bars I had visited when I was in Ottawa. 

There is definitely a "Drexel/U-Penn jocular" crowd, for the most part,(both colleges just across the South Street Bridge) but their are still some older gens and bohemians alike and that alone makes it a place with a diverse atmosphere. 

I used to live quite close to this establishment and roommates in the past told me to come here but I do plan on making a return to the place where apparently Elvis Costello did one of this first shows at whatever the bar was before he got famous in the 80s.
This place definitely hits the spot if you're looking for a laid back neighborhood bar. The beer list wasn't overwhelming, but it was seasonal and the servers are great with recommendations. Spacious tables with a back room that has a pool table. 

Food was tasty pub fare. The mussels were very good. The brie and blue cheese mushroom fondue came with a mountain of crusty bread and was really quite delicious. The Tuscan chicken sandwich was good, but I wish it had less spinach! Fries were clearly from frozen, but crispy nonetheless. Tends to get a bit loud in here (it was a Saturday, however), but it's a good spot if you're in the area.
i'm not a connoisseur of beer.  i'm quite simple.  for instance, when i find a place that can make a dirty hoe, you can count on me being back.  
so major hurrah for that.
the food is decent.  i happen to like the ham and cheese on pretzel.  soup is usually good.
i find the atmosphere a little cold.  the one time i sat at the bar, i found the staff pretty cool.  but then when sitting at the tables, i find them a little cold.  who knows?
So Ten Stone is an interesting neighborhood bar. I don't mind neighborhood bars - in fact I LOVE them! I usually seriously enjoy Grace Tavern, Resurrection Ale House, Side car, etc.  I do NOT enjoy  Ten Stone.  Ten Stone has sub par  to normal beer,  nothing all that special - and the prices aren't really all that wonderful.  Additionally, the food is really not all that great.  The sandwiches have WAAAY too much bread- nothing to write home about.  And the desserts always seem to be frozen and reheated for serving purposes.  Additionally, the crowd is an odd bunch.  It's okay on a weekday to go watch a sporting event - but now there are SO many more options in the neighborhood.
This is the Cheesesteak of the Sixers!! The roll is bakery quality and would be great by itself. Filet Mignon. Yes, Filet Mignon. Nice cubes of Filet Mignon. Great amount of cheese, decent melt. Unfortunately they do not work together. The individual pieces and the 1st couple bites were very good, but, eating it became cumbersome and bready. The roll was too big. The cheese needed to be a sauce because the Cheesesteak was a little dry. I would have liked it served on a plate with bread on side so I could control meat/bread ratio throughout entire meal.  Nice place, bartender was awesome, plenty of beer choices and the cheesesteak came with French fries.
Horrible bartenders and the nachos suck. These people are more worried about talking to each other than serving their customers. Hope a new bar opens here.
Please don't waste your money.... there are so many awesome spots in this neighborhood and the bartenders here are so rude. Especially the man that served me tonight. Not to mention that the nachos are something my 3 year old son could make. Try somewhere else in the neighborhood.
If a conservative frat party and a gastro pub got a bit drunk and hooked up, their baby would be the Ten Stone. food was pretty good, but I was starved both times I was there. my walk to the restroom reminded me of the party scene in Pretty in Pink. the waitress was slow , and bitched to us about people sitting too long, as she was seating us...strippers worry less about tips. 
went for lunch and it was quiet and my food was good, so that was better, so I guess it just wasn't my cup o tea.
This Bar/Pub has the "appearance" of a decent place to get dinner or brunch.  Unfortunately not all is as it seems at Ten Stone.  
-The food is subpar for what you pay.
-The service is atrocious, both slow and rude.  The waitresses forget that you exist.  (Really- they need to get over themselves and embrace the notion of customer service.)

Unfortunately Ten Stone is profitting off your expectation that they will live up to the standard of other pubs in the neighborhood, and they just don't.  I've tried this place out a few times, so this isn't coming from just one bad experience: skip it! You can do better for what you'll pay and there are plenty of much better pubs within a couple blocks.

I will say that the service at the Bar is great, and by comparison to the waitstaff the bartenders are super friendly.  So if you want to sit at the bar and have a beer or a pumpkin bomb go for it, just don't let the waitresses get between you and the guys doing all the hard work.
I could of made this at home in the microwave. I sent the first order back because it was watered down, literally. Now we're going to go down the street to the other Mexican place so I can get something to eat. It's not the waiter's fault, they tried to accommodate but this is a waste of money. He said yeah "the kitchen is inconsistent" whaT ?! If I said that about my haircuts I wouldn't have a job lol The waitress before that said well that's why I usually asked for the sauce on the side and I order the nachos al dente". WhaT ?! Lol I never once had asked for nachos to be al dente lol I shouldn't have to and ground Beef should not look like chilli! And expected us to pay for it? Nope. Going to another restaurant. P.s. Btw I understand if the place was packed and it was Sunday night football but it definitely was not. And the male waiter seem fine until we had an issue with our order The second time it came out and look like soup. I specifically asked for ground beef lol I can't
Boy, do I miss the Golden Monkey beer here. I live in San Francisco now and still think about it!  The food was always flavorful and affordable. Try those the fajitas.  
It's one of those places where you can actually hear some decent music in the background AND hear what your friends are sayin.
Everything I've ever ordered at TenStone was freshly prepared and delicious. Sometimes it gets really busy and the staff are rushed, and the kitchen can be slow, but I can't fault them for that.  I love the ahi tuna salad, also the burgers and wings are yummy. My real reason for visiting is the Mushroom Brie Fondue!!!! I have a mild addiciton to the dish - okay I love it!!!!  I just wish they'd add other dipping options like apples, fruit and /or veggies along with the yummy French(?) bread.

The Bloody Mary's are amazing! On Sundays, the lavish garnishings include a giant cooked shrimp.They've at least 20 beers on tap and usually at least one hard cider option. The wine options are usually delish as well.
As Stephen pointed out, if you order a sandwich here, you'll get a rhombus shaped roll and a round shaped burger... leading to what? Big bites of bread.

Other than that, the food has never left me unsatisfied. The BBQ pork sandwich is proper, but heavy on the onion powder. The burgers are solid. The wings are average. The salads and fries are very good... and with any sandwich, you can have one or the other.

The most redeeming quality of the spot (sometimes the music is pretty sweet) is the fact that they've got Leffe Dark beer on tap, which tastes as good as a glass bottle of coca-cola after a newspaper route, at least that's what my friend Kevin Arnold told me.

This is a 25-35  year old, corduroy sporting crowd... but I can deal, and even argue with the best of them. The chalk-board wall is dope as well.

If you're not hip enough to roll at Grace's or Doobie's, this is a go-to in the neighborhood that I wish more of my pals liked as much as I do.
Everything said below about Ten Stone is true. Great food, a good selection of Belgian Ales and Microbrews. It also has incredible service and a great outdoor area. they also have a cozy fireplace and really fun pool tables.
But did you know that they have an annual Mustache Contest? that's right on November 20th you can put your Dick Dastardly to the test in front of a guy named Skull and a panel of expert judges.  and the winners will receive some interesting prizes. so may the best Burt Reynolds look alike win. 
http://www.philadelphiaweekly.com/articles/15860
My review is based on going here on a Wednesday evening around 8 PM; therefore, I can't speak to the comments about weekend crowds and out-of-towners running a muck in this quaint neighborhood bar-slash-restaurant.

As far as price is concerned, all dishes were around $10 with a few more expensive things on the menu.  The Fish 'n Chips is only $6.95!  I think that has to be the lowest I can think of at a restaurant.... ever.  I had the Flank Steak salad.  It was very good, but the mango dressing definitely could have been mixed into the greens in the kitchen to make the field greens taste better.

The menu was very heavy on the sandwich as an entree.  I guess that is to be expected at a bar-slash-restaurant.

The beer selection is really great.  So, if that is your thing, this is another place to go out to with some friends.

I think what I liked most about this place was the atmosphere.  The restaurant feels like a 21st century update to the traditional Colonial tavern circa the 1700s.  It had a relatively low ceiling, exposed beams, wood floor, a large central bar surrounded by tables, and most of all, people just coming in to sit around a table, get some beers, and talk.

Of course there are modern amenities of a billiards table, flat screen TVs, and mood lighting...

I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good, relaxed, non-trendy place to eat hearty American cuisine and drink some beer with your friends.  Will definitely go back in the future.
I was so disappointed in this restaurant. We went because it seemed to have good reviews. Well I ordered the chicken brie melt. It had literally two tiny slivers of chicken. It was all greens and tomato. It wasn't very tasty either. The servers kept asking me to box it as I was eating, or rather searching for chicken. The fries were soggy and cold. My boyfriend had a very mediocre burger. I am not sure why this place received such good reviews. I would not recommend this place, for $80 bucks I would expect a meal and drinks that would at least be a satisfying lunch. Service was poor as well.
My boyfriend and I come here about once a month since it's just a few quick blocks from where we live. Usually our experience is fine, the food is just okay but the beer list makes up for it. The bartenders are always drinking behind the bar, often too tipsy to remember to take our order in a timely fashion but they are friendly enough. 

Last night we sat at a table as the bar area was full, halfway through our meal we saw a mouse running around the dining room. Shortly after we saw another mouse under the benches. I am not so naive to think that restaurants in the city never have mice or bugs but for the mouse to be comfortable running around with so many people in the bar makes me think there is a bigger issue or infestation. We brought it to our waitresses attention, knowing there was nothing she could do, she comped us a drink and said "it happens all the time, I'll tell the owner again but he doesn't do anything". With management that clearly doesn't care about sub-par bar service or cleanliness I'm not sure we'll be returning.
Went to Ten Stone for Sunday brunch. It was pretty empty and we sat down immediately. We gave our drink order right away and i thought wow this is great. As i perused the menu I had a hard time coming up with a decision. It was a basic menu with not so basic choices. The omelet of the day contained meat, which is out for me being a vegetarian. My dining partner's coffee came in a large cozy mug. one that you would want to snuggle up with by a fire. however, it was half full and he wasn't given any cream. we had to flag down another waitress to get cream. i wanted french toast and wasn't thrilled with their only version is coated with Frosted Flakes and topped with apple compote. i hesitated before ordering it but the waitress said it was delicious. my other half ordered a breakfast burrito. When our food came my french toast was cold. The butter on top didn't even melt. It was not the typical custard egg soaked bread i think of when i order french toast. when i cut it it was just dry sweet bread on the inside. i thought i could scrape off the frosted flakes (perhaps i could have ordered it without!) but they were grilled into the bread. there was no need for the "syrup" that came in a plastic packet (ala McDonald's). that turns me off immediately. real maple syrup or nothing for me. the apples were tasteless. As for the breakfast burrito it was huge; but rather dull. basic scrambled eggs in a dried out flaking apart red dyed tortilla. the side of potatoes were cold and dried out. the menu is not super veggie friendly. most of the entrees contain meat. they should offer something healthier for sides rather than meat, potatoes or a bagel. a side salad would be great. i wouldn't waste breaking your evening fast here with better choices just a few blocks away.
I thought Ten Stone was really tasty! Great casual place if you want a sandwich/wrap and a beer. Their "on tap" list was pretty long and varied. We didn't have slow service, but it also wasn't busy when we were there. I'd definitely go back.
Golden Monkey on tap - hey those are my four favorite words too!!  (@ mark p)  wish i'd eaten inside so i would have known that.  shame that its only redeeming quality i learned in retrospect! 

this was THE single most awkward dining experience of my near-4-year stint in philadelphia.  perhaps something was up this past weekend; but it was an uncrowded madhouse.  two words you wouldn't expect to see next to each other.

i have a bad habit of ALWAYS seeking out new food places despite the circumstances, which in this case were needing to get to the airport to get my friend on her 1:50pm flight.  it was 11:30am.  a close-cutter by nature, i figured that would give us more than enough time for brunch in center city first.  SO wrong.  first we walked into ants pants, and after asking the hostess to estimate the wait time and receiving a snarky "we don't estimate" we turned around and walked out.  next place we ran into was ten stone, and i was a little wary of the fact that it was totally empty but i guess we didn't really have time to menu-shop and line-hop at other spots across the city, so i decided to settle.  sat outside, though after walking inside to let the servers know we were there i did notice the sheer uncrowdedness of it.  five minutes later we were still wondering where our menus were.  it took probably close to 20 minutes to get the menus, order drinks, get drinks, and place our food order.  and when i am in a rush, i am very obvious about being in a rush.  i was sitting up very straight, constantly looking over my shoulder for our waitress.  i made it pretty damn apparent we were in a hurry, and in case i wasn't obvious enough i even stated we had to eat and run to catch a flight.  can't get much more obvious than that.  so drinks come, and they're actually pretty decent mimosas, strong.  we place our order.  a whole 50 minutes after seating ourselves, we STILL don't have our order!  but we're still better off than the table next to us, who came in five minutes after us; they don't even have their drinks!!!  we spent the time listening to other tables complain about various things and our waitress apologizing profusely left and right.   the order finally arrives just as i was ready to call the whole thing off (now exactly 1 hour before said flight leaves) and.... it's wrong.  my vegetarian friend has a ham and egg hoagie in front of her.  seriously?!!  our waitress apologized, offered to buy us a round of drinks (in any other situation i would have taken her up on it... five times), and actually had the correct order out in a jiffy, relatively speaking.  we scarfed down our food, tossed some bills on the table, and hauled ass to the airport arriving at 1:21 for a 1:50 flight, one minute after they're supposed to close ticketing.  she got lucky and made her flight. 

now onto the menu itself, it's not a great brunch menu.  it's very limited and very eggy and meaty and fairly plain and boring.  where's my english muffin?  pancakes?  (with all the backup at this restaurant, they should seriously be advised that pancakes are one of THE easiest things to make)  plain french toast?  belgian waffle?  i ended up getting the frosted-flake crusted french toast but i would have much preferred regular french toast.  you really cannot go wrong with regular french toast, where the frosted flake one was a tad awkward.  oh, and it came with an apple compote which i asked them to hold.  the word "compote" has no place on a menu.  it is a disgusting word to look at, and it is never a great thing to eat.  fresh strawberries on my breakfast or bust.  even if not for the weird non-service, the food would still only get two stars from me.  and that is generous.
Update:

Their BRUNCH is A-OK.  We were able to get a table right away, they have outdoor seating as well when it's nice out, and the food actually had taste to it! who knew?! 

Granted, when I went to brunch there I had very very very very insanely low expectations due to my horrible dinner experience...  so someone else might just think "eh, it's alright."   

My two friends got the breakfast burrito & the omelette of the day (something with crab?) and I got eggs benedict. Mine looked the most appetizing out of the three but they both said they liked their food too. The mimosas were refreshing and bubbly; the bloody marys looked like a hot mess and were very very peppery (although my friend said it was really good and you all may like them; i just find them disgusting in general). 

So I'll only go to Ten Stone for brunch now... they've redeemed themselves slightly.  A table who came in after us still got served before us though and that seriously annoys me to no end.
I like Ten Stone.  Lets get that out of the way first and then I can move onto the points where I think they could improve.  The beer selection is solid, seems to rotate quite a lot which I'm always a fan of and I generally like the atmosphere.  The brunch is in my opinion, the best value in the city and it will always be my first or second choice when I'm feeling too lazy on a Sunday to make my own food.

Bad things, a couple of which have already been picked up on.  Firstly, the crowd that inhabits the place on a Saturday night aren't particularly my scene, so I tend to avoid these nights.  The food is generally ok but not mind blowing.  The apple, walnut and goats cheese salad was good but somewhat heavy on the spinach and extremely low on the cheese.  If I spend that much on a salad, I want an entire round of goats cheese and I don't think that's too much to ask, I've certainly seen it elsewhere.

Staff have always been friendly in my experience and are happy to help.  So my vote, go midweek or go on a Sunday morning for the brunch, I recommend the lox bagel ( though I've heard the breakfast burrito is also pretty good).
Not a bad spot for a rainy day or when you just really want a full belly.    (I usually get the buffalo chicken wrap as a sandwich... yummy).  The prices are fine and the beer selection is pretty good.

Nothing to write home about, but not a bad spot for meeting up with friends for lunch and brunch (they usually have specials on mimosas on Sundays).
Cozy and pleasant enough; haven't been for brunch which I hear is a major draw. I found the food to be pretty lackluster, though. Decent and sizable salads, okay burger. Would opt for some other place in the 'hood if I had my druthers.
I went in here a few months ago for a late lunch as I had been very busy working that day and really needed a nosh and though a burger and beer would be great.  There were maybe four other people at the bar and no one at the tables.  The female bartender was too busy having a show-and-tell session about her new shoes with a friend/patron to even acknowledge me even though I was sitting at the bar ten feet away from them.  After sitting for minutes on end I got up and left.    If you do go their fish taco appetizer makes a good small meal all by itself.  Many items on the menu are very average to unappetizing and of course the service blows.
This is a great place to grab a beer and burger. Friendly staff, good location too. Its a bit pricey for what you get, but overall I'm a fan.
this is a great neighborhood bar. great beer selection and pretty good bary food as well. if you all remember the dump that used to be at this address many years ago that you know what a big improvment it is. since my memory is shot i can't remember the name but i do remember that it was one of the only places that served me when i wasn't legal. definently worth a visit or more
We ventured to Ten Stone for brunch on Saturday. The menu is decent and the portions are more than enough. I'm not a fan of the layout and I can't stand wobbly tables. I mean, it's your business, surly you noticed that all of your tables are ^%@$%^$^# wobbly!! Also, Ten Stone is very stroller friendly, which annoys me to no end. Strollers should stay outside. I can't bring my bike in, you shouldn't be able to bring in strollers. plus, babies suck!! just kidding...not really! Ten Stone gets about a 7.
I hadn't come here in a couple years and I will never come back - at least not to eat. 
I used to love their mussels, but when I recently ordered them they were not good quality at all. The shells kept braking (never happened to me before...) and the mussels themselves tasted "dry", I'm really not sure how to even describe them. Overall not good. Not sure what changed, but it's a shame.
I am in here all the time, the best time to go in between 4-7 pm in the afternoon. Steve, tends bar on Mondays and Wednesday.  Alex tends the bar on Thursdays and Amy tends the bar on Friday and Tuesday Kate tends the bar on Tuesdays. 

They have a very reasonable brunch on Sundays.   They also have a wide range of beers and alcohols 

Wanna have a nice time with a good and fun atmosphere! GO HERE!!! :)
I haven't been here in awhile but this used to be one of my favorite places when I lived in the area.  However tonight I was disappointed with the the food.  Everything we ordered was burnt.  My friend and I both ordered the chicken Brie melt and the bread, chicken and Brie was burnt.  My friends nachos was burnt as well.  I'm not sure if they changed the chef but it was a bad experience.
Beer selection = Like most other have already mentioned on Yelp, Ten Stone has a great beer selection.  Our waitress was awesome and immediately offered samples when I had a hard time deciding which beer to get off their extensive menu.  Got the palm belgian amber.  Unfortunately, didn't try any of their food.  As such this review won't be as extensive as my usual.

Overall opinion = Bottom line, Ten Stone Bar offers a great selection of beer!
Great neighborhood bar! The beers on tap are great. I always get to try several before settling on one (like the big daddy). Very laid-back/relaxed and casual atmosphere - a nice to place to catch up with friends. The food is simple and good (try the brie/goat cheese fondue).
It's a nice day outside and I want to eat good food, enjoy a beer and hang-out with my friend and his dog... outdoors. This is where we go!

Brunch:
Eggs Benedict is ehhhhh.... Eggs overcooked and would benefit from English muffins.
Yogurt, granola and fresh fruit is yummy!
Orange juice comes from a box, ew!
Coffee is good!

Food in general is very good. Fish tacos are delicious!

Service is slow, but they'll bring out water for your dog. This is a high traffic location for dog walkers. In one meal you'll watch dozens walk by.
The beer selection at Ten Stone is very good--focused on Belgians and microbrews, which are my favorite. They had Triple Karmeliet and   Leffe Brown on draft, both of which I am a huge fan. Their brunch is good and really cheap comparatively to other restaurant bars.  When I was there it was 6.95 for a whole breakfast spread!  The potatoes were a little cold but well flavored nonetheless.

I hate the people who pack into the bar on a Friday or Saturday night.  Not the staff--the bartenders were pretty awesome and the servers decent.  Not the regulars who are cool too. It's the bridge and tunnel folk who, as Alex M. pointed out below, always come into the city and make a mess of organized things.  Amateurs! I hate them so much, in fact that it brings the whole place down to three stars rather than the four I would have otherwise given it.
Ten Stone seems to be a no frills bar that has decent food and a good beer selection. I came here with a friend of mine to grab a beer and watch the sixers and ordered some chips and salsa. While this is no great indication of the quality of food they can produce the salsa seemed to be either canned or left over, either way not fresh. The chips were definitely out of a bag and I'm pretty sure the guacamole was just a cup that had the lid pulled off prior to serving. Lastly the prices on their food seem to be through the roof, for example edamame is 8 dollars which is way too high. 

I would give this place another shot due to their good beer selection and bar vibe but their food may be below par.
Solid, expansive, and fun no-frills bar.

Spent most of Friday night, post-work, with some co-workers & friends tucked away in the back room with the pool table & darts. 

The food is pretty standard, from what I had - but I don't think that's really the point of Ten Stone. It's a really fun, easy-going, neighborhood spot that is a great, off-the-beaten path spot to hole up, play some darts & pool, have some beer (from a hand-written draft list), and have a good time.
Bread Pudding was hard as a rock. Sadly, this used to be the goto place in the neighborhood. Though, new places have come and this place has not tried to keep up. Not bad, but not what it once was, and falling behind in the neighborhood. Service is tough if you are not at the bar, and the place seems a little grimey with bad ventilation. A bit too loud for conversation.
Ten Stone is an okay but not great bar in an area which increasingly has better options - particularly in regards to better food and better service. If you're a beer drinker, they have a great selection, but I'm not, so I am thankful that they at least have a few good selections of wine by the glass. Ten Stone is acceptable for grabbing a sandwich and a drink in the afternoon or off hours, but go for Sunday brunch or in the evening when it's packed and good luck to you - I stopped going for brunch years ago even though the food was good because it always seemed to take an hour or so to get my food. Also, the place gets insanely loud when full, terrible acoustics. I've stepped inside one or two evenings in the past and immediately left when hit by the wall of noise inside.

Also it seems the food has increasingly gone downhill. Things that sound good on the menu, like the seared tuna salad or spinach salad, are just curiously devoid of flavor and bland when they finally arrive.
I like the beer and atmosphere, but I just can't get over the mediocre food.  It's just not very good.  And it's never good.  Never, ever.  Not once has it been good.  Did I mention the food isn't very good?
Decided to give Ten stone another try, since there was outside seating, I was going that way, and I was very hungry. I was seated right away, and was served my beer just as fast, the server was nice and efficient. i ordered the strip steak sandwich with Brie. The sandwich was a good size and was cooked perfectly, fries were also cooked perfectly, my fiance also enjoyed her chicken sandwich. The price was fair and the whole experience was pleasant. I ripped this place pretty good last review, so i felt a comment about how much better the whole shebang was during the week, its cliche but Ten stone is not my weekend choice, but supper on a Wednesday it works!
This place is so blah. 

It is clear that the owner(s) is/are absentee owner(s). I've never seen him/her/them. And I have asked. There is no care or thought in the decor (I could write an entire review on this alone! Makes my eyes bleed!). Everything feels like an afterthought. And there is NO fresh food in this joint. I'm pretty sure 80% of the food served starts off frozen. Which might be inconsequential if you have a big group which this place can accommodate. 

Unlike some other reviewers, when I do frequent Ten Stone, it is only because of the service (I adore the wait staff). Although, similar to other reviews, I also come to TS because of its proximity to my house. But that's it.

We often go to Pub and Kitchen, despite spending twice as much, because the quality is so superior.
I only live a block away so it is easy to wander over.  Always a great beer selection, the fish tacos are crazy good (who knew?) and Papaya is an awesome server who always knows the beer I will like the best from their nice selection.  Can get a little too packed later at night with grad students so I avoid the late night crowd but before 9-10 PM or so it is perfectly fine for the over 30 crowd like myself.
My boyfriend and I decided to take advantage of the nice weather and go for a bike ride in the city.  We took the Schuykill Banks trail to the very end, popped onto 25th and rode it til we had no choice but to turn onto South Street.  The boyfriend had mentioned 10 Stone in the past, but it's so out of the way from us we never made it there.  Don't you know it was right around the corner from our bike tour??  We parked.

The place is seat yourself, so go wherever and find a seat...just hope that a waitress finds you.  Your best bet is to grab a seat at the bar because you'll have the bartender's attention the whole night.  We sat for 10 minutes before I went and got menus from the bartender, then sat for another 10 minutes or so waiting for the waitress to take our drink orders...then another 10 minutes to get our drinks of which the beer wasn't included.  It's definitely a casual place.

The food is pretty good.  Decent portions for the price.  I ordered the fish tacos but regretted my order as I saw massive salad bowls passing me by.  They looked very large and very fresh, but nobody yelped about the salads!  The boyfriend ordered the ham & cheese on a pretzel bun.  We got the hummus as an appetizer.  I misjudged my hunger...definitely didn't need the hummus.  The hummus also came with pesto on the side, which was a nice surprise and very tasty...enough basil to balance the oil.  My fish tacos were crispy and fresh - an appetizer normally, I got it as my entree and you get 3 flour tortilla tacos with lettuce, tomato, and a drizzle of a sour cream sauce.  The boyfriend's sandwich was a pretzel (looked like the superpretzel you buy at a baseball game) sliced in half with the most delicious ham.  Moist and sweet.  I want to say the cheese is gruyere but I can't remember...it was good.  It was a tad bit messy since they drizzle honey mustard all over the top...and we only had knives because the waitress never gave us forks.

I'd go here again, but I'd sit at the bar and I'd order the salad I wanted.  Bonus, lots of dogs sit outside...so there's a lot of opportunities to snuggle a wittly baybay puppy dawggggg.  Ahem.
This might be my favorite spot for happy hour. Not that I'm an expert in Philly bars. But what makes this place great is the layout. It's nice and spacious. My guess is that it can accommodate several large parties of, say, 6-8 people. It's comfortable, and it attracts what I call "good people", rather than douches. Good beer menu too. And really good food.

Oh, and also, from what I can remember, they've got plenty of TVs scattered around the place showing the various games, and what not.
Great beer selection. Appears to be a rotating selection, displayed on Philly's favorite menu method, the overused chalk board (but I do have to admit, I still love it)

Good crowd. Mix of younger and older, but mostly older. 

Bartenders were friendly, helpful with beer selections, and just generally, very nice. 

We visited on a friday night. Not necessarily the place to watch a game on a weekend night.
My first visit to Ten Stone was for drinks only and I was impressed.  We came to shoot a little pool and didn't have to wait too long to get on a table on this particular Saturday evening.  Ten Stone is pretty big and while there seemed to be a good deal of people around it didn't feel packed at all.  I love it when a bunch of people are around but hate that cramped feeling, so that fact that Ten Stone managed to find that happy medium is a win in my book.  The draft beer selection was long and diverse, meaning finding something to enjoy wasn't a problem, although settling on the final choice did take me a few.   The only negative over our stay was the going rate for pool - $1.50 a game seems a little high.  That isn't going to stop me from coming back, and depending on the night I might even grab a bite...
I can't believe I'm giving Ten Stone four stars, but it's really starting to grow on me as a bar. The food is more or less terrible IMO...with the exception of the wings, those are amazing. The rest of it is more or less pub grub, bordering on hipster-y. They have a ton of beers on tap and everything is fairly priced. Pool table and darts in the back room, plenty of seating, and lots of TV's. It's a good place to burn through some hours, but fair warning: it's a little disorienting to be day-drinking in there. All of a sudden you come outside and it's nighttime...
Go for the beer and maybe the Brie and Blue Cheese Fondue. Stick to that.

I live about a stone's throw from Ten Stone and want more than anything for this place to be THE SPOT. Yet the convenience factor is overshadowed by the lack of decent food and the mediocre waitservice. The beer list is pretty great and changes frequently which is great for trying different brews and flavors. I particularly like that they seem to take into account the changing seasons so you can usually find a few summer beers in the summer and a few pumpkin or autumn ales in the fall. The place is pretty huge as there are two rooms for dining and another large room with pool tables and dart boards. When I've gone for beer and games I've absolutely loved this place. When I've gone for food.....heartbreak.

Also, be careful if you are heading there on a weekend night as the place gets extremely loud and it becomes virtually impossible to hear the person next to you. But find a spot in the back room and you should be fine.

Other pluses: They have an ATM inside and they offer outdoor seating when the weather is nice. 

All in all, this is a place that is good in theory and not so good in practice.
EDIT: Ten Stone has a nasty habit of becoming douchey at night... I tried to ignore it because I really liked it a lot, but the more I come the less I like the people . It seems like nearby Pub and Kitchen (better) and Resurrection (better) have sucked away the people who are older than 22, because I'm not that old but feel like I missed a sign on the door of Ten Stone saying people in their mid-20s aren't allowed.


I think it's pretty safe to say that Ten Stone is a solid Philly bar. It has a very neighborhoody feel, but doesn't cross the line into dive territory. I've eaten here twice and was quite happy with the food I had each time. I was most impressed with the beer selection, though. Their 8 or 10 taps were filled with beers I had never had or never heard of. I love trying new beers, and do it quite frequently, so it's not very common for me to come across a bar where the majority of beers are completely new to me. So Ten Stone gets some bonus points in that category. 

In general, I really liked it, and will most certainly return!
Since its right nearby to my place, thought I'd give this place a try. Its exactly what I expected. Slightly better... a good place to watch a football game, grab a lunch and a beer on Sunday. Service is SLOW. I completely agree with the other reviews. I had the wings which were pretty good. I really can't get excited about it. Lots of beers on tap. This place is just so so to me.
Be careful when you go to this place. Don't go without friends, in 2009 I was violently assaulted here while my friend was pushed out of the bar. There were a few guys and they seemed very friendly with the bartender. One person grabbed my arms and held me back while another male hit me in the face multiple times after a very small argument over who was up to shoot pool next. We waited all night so I know we were skipped multiple times and that was where the dispute started. The bartender and other staff did not come to my aid to protect me at all! If you come at night be wary of your safety or you may end up with a hurt jaw and blood coming from your head like I did. They allowed the people that assaulted me to leave before the police arrived. It all seemed like they allowed it. A lot of other reviews mention bad food, so do you really want to go to an unsafe bar with bad food?
I have lived in the Grey's Ferry neighborhood for over three years now and have just recently visited this restaurant.  

The food is a joke.  I am honestly surprised this place is still open.  I ordered mussles which were not edible.  I asked if they were fresh or frozen.  FROZEN.  For $10+ I expect fresh mussles, especially since they are so popular on pub menu's in Philly and are always fresh.  Not to mention one of the easiest dishes to make.  

The crowd is bizarre.  I was there on  Thursday night around 10 or 11 and there were people with babies and families at the tables in the dining room.  The bar stools were filled with popped-collar, balding jock types.  Ugh...

The beer is the only reason this place gets two stars.  They have a pretty ok selection, but nothing to write home about. 

The music sucks.

If you are thinking about going to this place don't.  Walk one block west to Grace's Tavern or two blocks south to The Sidecar.
Snore.  The place is cute, it's bigger than it appears from the outside, and the hot crab dip was pretty tasty.  Other than that, not worth frequenting.

I stopped in after work one night, and our waitress (Waitress A) came over to take my drink order right away.  Ok, good start.  Waitress B delivered the drinks, and Waitress A grabbed her purse and walked out the front door.  Um... ok...

Half hour passes.  Waitress B has walked by a few times, but hasn't paid us any attention.  Waitress A comes back in with two bags in her hand.  I guess she had to run out for provisions to restock the bar.  Waitress A comes back to check on us, and remembered that one person at our table ordered water 45 min ago and hadn't yet gotten it.  I had to laugh when someone described her as having the personality of a rock, lol.  it was pretty accurate actually.

Two drinks and an hour and a half later, Ten Stone and I parted ways.  Doubtful there will be a reunion any time soon.
This is a great cozy little bar with an extensive beer selection. It's the perfect place to hang out with a small group of friends. It's nothing wild and crazy, just a great neighborhood bar that's not a dive. They also serve food, which is a plus.
Came here with a friend for lunch and i really liked it! It's a small bar area with a laid back feel. Decent taps, i'm not a beer snob though, so i can't fairly judge that. The food was really good! I had the grilled ham and cheese on a pretzel with friends and it totally hit the spot. Our bartender was Ryan, (i'm pretty sure that was his name) and he was a nice guy! Let us taste test the beer's we wanted to try and all. I'd definitely stop back for lunch!
Great place to gather with friends for drinks with or without food. Any time of day. Big, long wooden tables along wood-paneled walls in a dimly lit atmosphere make for an ideal low-key night. I'm giving 4 stars as it is one of the few places that lets you hold down a big table without having to order food.

A good selection of beer and spirits (they have my favorite, Bluecoat gin).  The food is decent, 3 stars at most.   Craving drunchies, I ordered some sort of breakfast burrito with fries.  It was like 11pm, so .... yea.  'Bland' is the best word I can use to describe both parts of the meal.  Next time I'll stick to drinks and splurge on a dessert, like their chocolate banana bread pudding.
Nice sports bar with a great beer selection.  The food is pretty good as well.  I usually get the sandwiches.  The atmosphere is solid and not too loud.
This place would get 5 stars but it's a bit pricey, which is why I'm only giving it four stars.  Here's the deal:

Beer:  This place has a great beer selection that changes often, which makes it a treat to go in frequently.  The bartenders are super attentive and really accommodating, especially if you happen to have no idea what sort of beer you'd like to sip on for the evening (thank you for letting me sample a few!).  

Food:  The buffalo wings were a nice starter to the meal.  Not the best I've ever had, but I would get them again.  The cobb salad was quite tasty and came with a good amount of toppings (I despise when you order a salad, and they give you two slivers of chicken or a spoonful of cheese sprinkled on top).  I really enjoy the tuna steak wrap.  The tuna is cooked very well, and like the salad, the accompanying ingredients were plentiful.  

Atmosphere:  I've been here three times and only once was it super crowded.  When that happens, it's a bit intense because it's a smaller joint.  When it's just the regulars around the bar though, a laid back atmosphere is created which allows for conversation and mingling amongst the patrons.

Overall:  Go for the beer; stay for the food...and more beer.  :)
This is a terrific neighborhood bar that I love for three reasons: 1. it's got a good, diverse beer list, 2. there is a huge selection of sandwiches, all of which I've tried so far I've liked, and 3. it's large and you can usually find a place to sit.
I'm not the biggest fan of the rolls they use here for their burgers or pulled pork, and I think they charge about a dollar too much for domestic pints.

Other than that, I like their red pool table and the plasma tv in the back room.  The fireplace is also really cozy during the winter.   This place seems to be jammed full of Penn grad students and non-tenured professors who want to argue with you every night about politics and gas prices.
Once again, I am so impressed by the restaurant/bar scene.  This place is friendly, casual, and tasty.  

It can get pretty crowded, even during what seems like an off hour.  That's the only thing that keeps me from going there more often, even though I live nearby.
Had the flank steak and bacon sandwich and it was amazing! Also, La Chouffe beer was delicious and the sweet potato fries were perfection.  

FYI: we went on a Saturday afternoon with some locals and they said that the fries are different almost every time, but those were the best sweet potato fries they had ever had there! So, maybe we were just lucky?

We were more than satisfied.
