I've been here so many times for post-dinner drinks, but never got to enjoy this place for more than one drink, or in a fashion that allowed me to actually see anything.  Queue to a lovely mid-afternoon happy hour last Friday (during winter break, #winning) all cozy at the bar, while it was frigid outside.

We found our way into the cozy interior and saddled up to the empty bar (only 2 other people drinking at 3pm on a Friday afternoon).  The staff was super friendly and helpful, and did not at all mind that we stayed for 3 hours, drinking our way through the happy hour menu. 

We started with 2 drinks and delicious guacamole, which isn't actually listed on the Happy Hour list, but they served it happily (and for the record, its delicious).  I ordered the Premium Margarita, which was siembra azul blanco, combier, agave nectar, fresh lime juice, and rimmed with cactus salt.  It was completely delicious - fresh, zesty, limey, and perfectly balanced with tequila and flavor.   My husband ordered the Short Rib which proved to be SO delicious, that I ordered it for my second drink!   The Short Rib is siembra azul blanco infused with jalapeno fresh lime juice, and pomegranate molasses - spicy, sippable, lots of heat, and PERFECT.  A definitely favorite.

*Heads up, I double checked - they are OPEN for happy hour at 2pm, despite Google warning us it 'might not be open when we arrive'!  BEST. THING. EVER.
I can't believe it took me so long to come to Tequilas! Our party of six, including a vegan and a gluten free patron all had an awesome time here at this higher end, candlelit, white linen Mexican spot in Center City.

We started with drinks at the bar while we waited for all in our party to arrive before heading to our reserved table which I highly recommend on a weekend night. 

When seated, we ordered crab guac, house guac with roasted corn and queso fundito which is melted Chihuahua cheese with chorizo and poblano peppers and served with flour tortillas.

They're heavy on the camarones here and many in our party, even the gluten free diner chose to go this route. Entrees included stuffed prawns, branzino topped with calamari and shrimp and surf and turf. 

While vegetarian options were plentiful, vegan was a tad more difficult. They did create a special dairy free enchilada dish just for me! It was delicious and greatly appreciated!

Our awesome waiter was super kind, funny and very much on top of things. I was never without a tasty, strong classic margarita next to me. (Certainly felt that act of kindness the next day.) 

A tad pricey, but we did have a large party and drank quite a bit. 

I would definitely come back!! 

I say with the ambiance it's really great for a date night!

They host Sunday brunch and weekday happy hour. 

They also participate in SIPS all summer and offer $5 cocktails, $4 wine, $3 beer and half-priced appetizers.  Receive 15% off your dinner bill if you so choose to stay for an entire meal.
For a place that looks like nothing from the outside, it's quite beautiful inside!

Sometimes you need something to revive your cocktail palate from vodka boredom...and a good quality tequila can be just the answer. The cocktails here are expertly crafted (many are tequila-forward) and our friend was flipping out over how delicious the Chanoc was. If you like cilantro, then this is the cocktail for you. The rest of our crew enjoyed our jalapeno margaritas. Nice kick of heat, but nothing that will set your stomach ablaze. I also especially love bartenders who provide water without having to ask. If you keep your cocktail-to-water ratio equal, then you will never experience a hangover!

We only stopped in for drinks, but one member of our party ordered the Sopa De Tortilla, and she was "oohing" and "ahhing" the entire time. Broth based, and chock full of queso fresco and chicken. It was a texture lover's dream. The tortilla chips are made in-house and we could have easily eaten a vat of them if given the option.

This is a perfect spot for a date (music is low and classy) and the ambiance is swank-tastic. Love the chandelier in the center of the bar area.

Can't wait to return for that soup!
My first experience at Tequilas was for dinner a couple years ago, and although I left satisfied, it didn't really wow me. My most recent visit was for my girlfriend's birthday though and it was definitely more memorable. 

Our group of three walked in more than ready for some margs. After looking through their rather extensive drink menu, we all made our selections. I'm personally a big fan of anything and everything that includes champagne so I selected the margarita de champagne (obviously). The drink was alright, but a little too bitter for me (perhaps from the lime). Overall it was a good selection, although I would probably choose something else next time.

As for food, we ordered crab guacamole for the table which was fantastic. It was the perfect portion for our group of three, and a great way to start of our meal.

For my entree, I chose the enchiladas playa which was a seafood option that came with crab meat, shrimp, and lobster. As soon as it was brought out to the table, I knew I had made a great selection. The enchiladas were quite big and were served with two different sauces as well as a mountain of veggies and rice. Simply put, delicious. I couldn't have been happier with my selection. The entire meal was so flavorful and very filling. Bonus points for fabulous presentation!

Prices are a little high, although understandable given the somewhat swanky vibe of the restaurant. It is definitely a step above other Mexican restaurants in the area. My entree cost me roughly $30 and the margarita about $12. 

I would recommend checking this place out if you're looking for a sophisticated dining experience. Definitely call ahead to make reservations because it has been a full house both times I have gone. And last but not least, get the enchiladas playa (which can be made vegetarian, if you so please!).
If it was possible to award 10 stars, Tequilas would certainly deserve every single one. 

Tequilas is housed in a beautiful 4 story brownstone building in the Rittenhouse Historic District. It was designed by architects John Notman who is best known for the famous St. Mark's Church and John Penn Brock Sinkler noted for the Germantown Town Hall in 1922. You might walk in, expecting pinatas, sombreros and other obnoxious stereotypes and if so, you'll be gobsmacked by the beauty and elegance of this place.

First I must abashedly confess that I have only been here for happy hour. Many many happy hours, in truth. If I recall correctly, their happy hour starts quite early, maybe 3 p.m. So civilized and necessary if you are having THAT kind of day. 

In spite of a name that makes you think of a round of college age folks doing 'shots,' Tequilas has serious and excellent drinks, skilled, attentive bartenders and wonder working wizards in their kitchen. I have had nearly everything on the happy hour menu and have loved it all. There is a fine, filling mix or match taco trio, ceviche, queso fundido, excellent guacamole, fresh, crisp chips, gratis salsa, an empanada of the day, and nachos-to name a few items. While everything I've listed sounds like the same old standard south of the border fare, Tequilas excels in freshness of food and outstanding presentation. 

While the place is always lively, it's never rowdy or unpleasant. I have been here for business, birthdays, breaks from my desk and a 'must do' when herding out of towners around Philly and the atmosphere has always been pleasant. 

When I finally come here for dinner, I'll be back to write another review. In the mean time, while Philadelphia has no shortage of happy hours, Tequilas is special.
Well, it's beautiful in there, that's for sure. And I could speak to the waiter in Spanish, so my memory apparently isn't as crappy and useless as I once thought. That said, though, the crowd wasn't really my thing and I just didn't get the whole showy thing of the dudes putting the margaritas on their heads and then walking them through the restaurant. Ha ha - that is so cool - we get it. The food was yummy (what I ate of it, anyway) but the real winner was the drinks. Yeah tequila. Yeah salt and rocks. Yeah getting a buzz before you go out dancing. 

Viva la margarita!
I love Tequilas. It's a vibe, for sure. The ambiance is amazing. Great decor. Service is attentive and kind. 

They have an amazing guacamole. I also love their empanadas, as well as their enchiladas. 

For all of my fellow seafood lovers: try the pescado al mango!
**Restaurant Week Review**

Let's get right to the 3 courses chosen for the great $20 price point at this rustic beautiful mexican restaurant!

Course 1: Empanadas
Course 2: Omelete De Chorizo
Course 3: Tres Leches Cake

The 3 empanadas were filled with a cilantro base with crispy outside edges. The amount was just right! Almost enough to share. 
Probably my favorite of all 3 courses. 

The omelette chorizo had a slight spice to it and the eggs were wrapped around the chorizo and vegetable medley dizzled in a housemade sauce hard to describe, but easy to say it's sweet and tasty. 

The tres leche cake.....wow....wow....and wow.
Topped with a strawberry and a mint leaf which you would think was just decoration, but gives the vanilla icing of the cake some extra tasty flare. There's something about cake soaked in milk that really brings closure to a meal. I was so full. Best $20 I'll ever spend for such high quality meal.
This eye catching New Orleans-style decor, almost fooled me into thinking I'm back in New Orleans, with its Voodoo's themed décor, and its ambiance will loosen up that tie. 
 
I first came for their happy hour, then I eagerly returned for further exploration. It's really hard to resist the 2:00pm-6:30pm happy hour on weekdays, even-though the happy hour prices doesn't seem to make everyone happy.

Immediately upon arrival, a basket of crispy tortilla chips, made-in-house, and a side of delicious salsa was brought to the table. So yummy, and you won't get enough of it, so stop munching, or you will be full so fast.  I ordered the ooey-gooey queso fundido, it was so cheesy; I still remember how it melted in my mouth. Also, the beef tenderloin empanadas, were so tasty. However, the shrimp & fish ceviche flavor, on the other hand, was just decent, not too acidic. The pescado mango is straight- up succulent. Simply, this plate is a celebration of creativity and deliciousness, with a Fancy finish.

All what I can say is that TEQ-UILAs is  killin' it.
Four Yelps.
Our party of 4 came to Tequilas before seeing a show at the Walnut Street Theater.  Our waiter was amazing!  When I asked him a suggestion on a margarita (they all sounded so good), he instead asked us what we liked and then had margaritas personalized to our own tastes that were off the menu.  He served them to use on a tray that he walked over on his head and kept up there as he pulled each drink down and handed them to us.  It was so entertaining and each drink was perfect for the person who chose each type of taste.

Overall, our appetizer choices and dinner choices were all crowd pleasers.  We ordered the guacamole with pineapple and crab and also shared the empanada of the day.  Both choices were perfectly done and enjoyed by all.  I ordered the enchilada playa and it was so good - lots of lump seafood inside and the sauce was creamy and delicious.

Tequilas has always been one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the city and it never disappoints!
Great authentic Mexican food with an extensive drink menu, wide variety of food from traditional Mexican to oysters and more. The service was the highlight of our night, outstanding
This place has been on my list for years and it was well worth the wait!  I always thought it was gonna be more of an Americana style of Mexican fare like El Vez and El Rey, but it's so much more authentic.

Came for restaurant week a few weeks ago with 6 others and we were all surprised at how large the place was.  Decorated nicely and felt like a fine dining steakhouse on the inside.  We were sat at a large table in the back dining room.  Our server was really funny and congenial and really on point with serving our very loud group.

Tequilas has a great, well, tequila selection.  We all thoroughly enjoyed our many rounds of drinks.  I opted for the standard "Tequila's" margarita with orange liqueur which was probably the best margarita I've had in recent memory.  Made nice and strong, not too sweet, perfect salt rim.  My friends opted for more adventurous numbers, like the coco loco and one that had rose in it.  All were perfectly made.

The food was stellar.  It was a limited selection for restaurant week, with a lot of seafood, but I was fine with that.  

Appetizer: Fresh, filling and fantastic ceviche.  I dipped those wonderful homemade chips in it when I ran out of the tasty housemade salsas.

Entree: Absolutely wonderful surf and turf.  The grilled shrimp was juicy and plentiful and full of flavor.  The ribeye steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare, so tender and seasoned nicely.  Side of fluffy rice and fantastic black bean puree was a nice addition.

Dessert: Fluffy tres leches cake.  Not too sweet and such a perfect way to end a great meal.

We finished our meal and sat in the bar in front and had a few Mexican beers to end the night.  I will 100% return back on a non-restaurant week night to explore the rest of the menu and imbibe on those outstanding margaritas.
Had the most fabulous time here last night! From start to finish, the experience was top notch! The restaurant itself is absolute beautiful. It's like being invited to a lavish dinner party at an incredible mansion. There are many private, dim lit rooms that provide for an intimate dining experience. Even the bathroom is stunning! 

The service was stellar! The staff is on top of everything and you definitely won't find yourself having to flag anyone down looking for a refill.

The margaritas were to die for. You can certainly tell they don't use any cheap sweet and sour crap here, everything is hand squeezed. 

We ordered a ceviche appetizer that was delicious. The fish is incredibly fresh and delectable. I ordered the butterfly split shrimp and my husband chose the surf and turf. It was mind blowing! 

If consider myself a food snob and they're aren't too many places that I give such a perfect review, but I had ZERO complaints about this place. I couldn't find one even if I wanted to! It was a perfect experience! 5 stars!
Come here for the house-special cocktails, or for the delicious, authentic Mexican food - it's a win either way.

Tequilas features a great cocktail menu, a deep selection of top-shelf tequilas & mezcals, and a reasonably-priced wine list (most bottles $30 - $60) that tilts toward Spanish & South American selections.

The cocktail list starts with Phil Ward / Death & Co.'s Oaxaca Old Fashioned, a modern classic that blends reposado tequila and smoky mezcal.  I enjoyed my OOF, and my friends sampled from the many other original house-special cocktails.  

As the evening progressed, one of our servers mentioned an option not listed on the menu:  a sampling flight of 3 tequilas.  Each comes as a tasting portion (~0.5 oz), and with his help, I selected three reposados.  Tasting them side-by-side illuminated their differences, and helped me to quickly zero in on my favorite (without splurging on three full bottles!).  

On to the food:

We started with the complimentary chips (house-made, very fresh), pico de gallo and chipotle salsa, and supplemented that with the guacamole, which was outstanding!!  The guac was perfectly creamy and well-seasoned.  We got the version topped with chipotle and almonds, which added even more flavor.  Truly some of the best guacamole I've had in a long time.

After that I moved on to the shrimp & scallop ceviche, also very good.  It was very fresh and delicate, and was a fairly generous portion.  For entrees, I enjoyed the molcajete with beef, which was delicious & very filling, while my friend likewise enjoyed his chicken mole poblano.  That particular dish can sometimes be almost too rich, but at Tequilas they get the balance just right.

Service was very good:  very friendly and attentive, and very knowledgeable about both the food & drink options.  

As for ambience, we were seated in the back room, which when full is lively and festive.  A fun place for a group of friends, but if you're looking for a quieter, romantic evening, you may want to request a table in the front of the house.
I love it.

We eat here every time we visit, which is often. Great for lunch, great for dinner, great for drinks. This place is great.

The margaritas are done very well, even with the house tequila. The waiters bring them out on their heads, which is nice. They are helpful and very attentive as well, which is nicer. 

I get a kick out of the menu. They'll go through and explain the history of the dish or the relevance of the name and there's a paragraph about the dish before they even tell you what it is. It's like a social studies class when I'm ordering. It'll say stuff like, "Women in Mexico were key to its liberation, forging ties between culture and government. The spirit of the country lives on in their passion for life and love. Beef tenderloin with onions in mole sauce."

I usually get the Carne Aguacate or the Carne Asada which are so flavorful. I'm drooling a little right now. Awesome. The prawns are delicious (not on the menu but are somehow a "special" every single day). My sister got the tacos once and they were nothing special. I stay stick with the steak. 

They have a billion tequila's on hand but I'm far from a connoisseur so I stick with the house and it more than does the job. It's a little pricey but trust me, it's worth it.
Let's start with the chips and salsa.  The salsa verde that comes with the chips is the best I've had in Philadelphia.  It is very serious.  I'm talking like "the ending of Dancer in the Dark" serious.  I'm talking like "mom and dad finally admit they are proud of you" serious.  This would probably be a 5 star review based on this stuff alone.  The tomato salsa and jalapeno/carrot mix they give along with the salsa verde are decent but they are unable to steal the show from the new king of Philly salsa verde.  I couldn't stop eating this stuff.

If you don't like their salsa verde then God help you.  

Alright moving on to other things.  The space is gorgeous.

Alright moving on to something else.  The service is ridiculously friendly and speedy.

Alright moving on to something else - the food.  Technically I already started with this but now I'm going back to it.  The ceviche is very good.  It isn't the best in the city but it is pretty freaking good.  

The chicken mole is also pretty darn good.  It is a very delicate mole sauce with a lot of flavor.  However, it wasn't as good as the Enchiladas playa, flour tortillas stuffed with crabmeat and shrimp served with poblano and chipotle peppers.  This entree kicked ass.  The cheese served over the top of these tortillas is serious.  I'm talking like "Eric Clapton's 'Tears in Heaven'" serious.

so in conclusion, I really liked this place...a lot.

Oh, and from now until labor day they are doing a 30 dollar per person, 3 course meal involving an app, entree, and dessert from the regular menu.  This is a goddamned steal and I didn't find out about it until AFTER dinner because the forces that control the universe definitely hate my happiness.

on the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is The Dark Knight at the drive-in on a stormy night with a date who you know you are totally sleeping with when you get home.
Came here for NYE dinner and I'm glad we made reservations because it was pretty packed. We were seated in a move private back area which i was grateful for because the bar area was "turnt up" 

Our waitress was super nice and took our orders as soon as we were seated. I got a mango Mojito which was good and we ordered the crab mango guacamole (it was tasty but wish it had more of a kick) they should probably add some jalapeños.

For my entree i went with the carne asada a la tampiquena option. The steak was nice and lean but wish it had a tad more flavor. I didn't enjoy the tamal or the chicken taquito but the rectors brand, guacamole and rice were good. 

Overall food was good but more so appreciated the drinks and ambiance.
I came here for lunch during restaurant week in Philadelphia 2017.

The reservation was made by my sister for 4 of us. Upon arriving, one od the members of our party was standing by the door. She said she was told she could not be seated until the whole party had arrived. Waiting for my sister for about 10 more minutes, an employee asked us if we'd like to be seated at our table while we waited. Confused as to why we had been told otherwise, we sat.

The wait staff here are very attentive. They collectively broke down the menu so we understood everything.

I ordered taquitos as an appetizer. I had chicken enchiladas as an entree, and tres leches cake for dessert. I ordered 2 drinks, a champagne martini (tasted identical to a traditional martini to me), and another drink I can't remember the name of, but this one was good! It was coconut, pineapple, and maybe coconut milk. Very good!

As someone who really lives Mexican food, this place didn't knock me off of my feet. I like the ambience of the restaurant. I would return.
Enjoyed a phenomenal business lunch here today around 1:30. It was a bit late in the day, so our party of 6 had no trouble being immediately seated, though we had made reservations just incase.

The place is lovely; it has an interesting ambience, with bold designs in the entryway and Latin elegance throughout the restaurant. It is surprisingly spacious with multiple dining rooms and a full bar.

The service from start to finish was excellent. We were well tended to, everyone was friendly, and our drinks were brought out on a tray balancing on the server's head, which was impressive and entertaining. They did a good job clearing and keeping glasses full.

Menu isn't huge but offers something for everyone. The drinks menu is pretty extensive, with many different types of margaritas and other spirits.

Food was delicious! Nice presentation, perfect temperature, layers of flavor with just the right amount of spice. I enjoyed my seafood enchiladas (special) and Mojito, and their chips, salsa, and guacamole were all so good. The rest of our party liked their meals and drinks as well.

Overall a very positive experience! I would definitely recommend coming here.
My boyfriend and I dined at Tequilas during restaurant week this past year and were not disappointed. I was originally pretty worried about portion size, because you know how all of these fancy restaurants are, you pay for the food in the form of your first born child or kidney (whichever) and you get like a scoop of Mexican Rice. This place is not the case, smaller portions for sure, but I literally couldn't finish my meal even after undoing the old belt under the table. Seeing as it was restaurant week, the menu was fixed for a fixed price, but out of the other restaurants I've been to, their abridged menu had the most options for sure. 

For my entree I had the "Mar y Tierra" (land and sea for all you non-Spanish speaking friends) which the menu describes as "Grilled Jumbo shrimp is smothered in a sauce of tequila, lime, butter and garlic, accompanied by a filet mignon that is spike with serrano pepper and served with a tropical tamarind sauce." It came with 4 huge pieces of shrimp, rice GUACCCCC, beans and the steak filet, which was cooked perfectly. I also had a Rose Margarita, which was artfully pink and garnished with rose water and rose petals. Very pretty and quite refreshing. 

If I had anything to say that would be negative about the experience I had, would be that the tables were EXTREMELY close together. Ya girl has a big booty and I felt like a personal inconvenience to others for asking people to move over so I could get into the seat. That's not cool. That's uncomfortable for everyone involved.
Happy hour is their forte. I've dined here for dinner once and it was okay. I decided to stop in for happy hour and it was a totally different experience. I sat at the bar and was pleasantly surprised by the cocktail craftsmanship, the menu options, and the level of heat in the complimentary chips and salsa. Great selection of mezcals and enjoyed watching soccer with the locals. Must come back.
Happy Hour Only Review:

Recently, Tequilas has become the go-to happy hour spot for my office. I haven't visited Tequila's apart from the happy hour and so can't attest to the main menu. However, the dishes I have tried have all been quite good and the drinks are even better. Top that off with a happy hour that begins earlier than almost any other in the city and you've got a great spot (the website says 2pm but I hear 3pm is really when it starts)!

The bartenders have also been particularly helpful and sweet in my past visits. One visit with a pregnant colleague even elicited a few special concoctions sans alcohol. If you are looking for an interesting drink that isn't on the menu this may be the way to go. The resulting mint watermelon drink was a huge hit all around. If you decide to stick with the menu, the mango margarita, the standard margarita and the sangria are all fantastic.

As for the food, the tortilla soup was good although a little bland. The guacamole is really good but at times a bit heavy on the lime. The taquitos were flat out great and the sauce with it was banging. Also, the standard chips and salsa came with a green and red salsa option and were really wonderful and free-flowing. I will of course be back for after-work functions but I will also be keeping Tequila's on my list of simply great places for happy hour. I suggest you do the same!
The best of everything, officially my favorite mexican spot! Amazing service, awesome ambiance, the most delicious and fresh food...there's nothing bad.

The service was outstanding, they were so fast during lunch and so nice and friendly. I asked about things that were gluten free and they were so accommodating and let me know everything that I could have and if others could be changed so that I could eat it. While we were there they had a birthday and the servers actually looked happy to be there and you could tell they really loved what they are doing, we had great conversations with multiple servers...so great!

The food...wow.....I got the Molcajete De Pollo which is a chicken in tomato sauce served in this awesome Lavarock Bowl and it comes out all hot and bubbling. It's served with corn tortillas and the perfect small portion of guac, rice, beans. Delicious and totally recommend this dish and it also comes in beef. Everything is so fresh and authentic and they don't load your plate with the rice and beans, they load it with the stuff you really want.

The chips and salsa was amazing, 2 types of salsa, one fresh like pico and then one that is more smokey, both absolutely amazing - we had to get a refill it was so good. 

The ambiance of this place is outstanding, we walked into this gorgeous room in a brownstone with massive rooms, all of the amazing details of the house preserved, white table cloths (during lunch is so classy) with beautiful place settings. I wanted to walk in every room and just look at the decor. 

They also have a happy hour Mon-Fri from 2:30-6:30p with half priced apps and drinks and $4 margaritas. 

Can't wait to go back here and try more dishes!
I have a love for most things Latino (EDGAR RAMIREZ IS SO FINE!) and I've been addicted to margaritas since that first fateful sip back at Chili's in college so Tequilas is a natural fit.  Everything I've eaten here has been delicious time and time and time again.  If I'm in Philly, I'm going for sure.  I even have my picky friend and my veggie friend hooked on it.  I'd call it upscale but unstuffy Mexican.  

The first few times I was so full from appetizers and drinks that I never made it to the actual meal.  Pitiful but tasty and satisfying.  My favorite appetizers are the Sopes del Rancho and Queso Fundido.  The sopes were the tastiest with chorizo though the chicken and the beef (so I was told) were good too.  The sopes come with a veggie option but I haven't had those yet . The fundido was good with and without the chorizo.  The ceviche and empanadas were well-received as well.  I also really like the Tortilla Soup which is just as good with chicken as it is without.  The Chipotle Salad also got a good report from the boo.  Okay so the only entree I've had was the Salsa Tequila's with jumbo shrimp and it was fantastic!  So much so I cleaned my plate and I rarely ever do that.

As for the margaritas, they are very tasty.  Just tart enough, just sweet enough with a nice kick from that house tequila (Siembra Azul) that they use.  I hope they bring back raspberry for the summertime but if they don't the blue is fine with me.
Tequilas feels like a hotel restaurant/bar in terms of their ambience, fairly upscale, though I was not very impressed by the rest. I came for happy hour at the bar and the bartenders were not very attentive and seemed to be joking with each other most of the time. 

I heard about their rose margarita so I ordered that and my friend ordered the regular marg. The rose margarita was very light and refreshing, not too sweet, so I definitely enjoyed it and would get again. 

The food I was less than impressed with. We got their HH empanadas which were a little soggy when they came out. The veggie enchiladas were fairly average, and the ceviche was good though nothing to write home about. The best part of the meal might have even been the salsa to their complimentary chips.

Overall, not a place that I'm eager to go to again, though if I had to choose one thing, I would go for the rose margarita.
Decided to give them a try on the final night of restaurant week. Arrived "on the dot" at 7:30 and our group of four was seated promptly. The promoted menu had changed but we improvised and were happy with the result. It seems the reviews are all over the board here, but I have to say our experience was nothing but good.

Service was prompt, and the first round of drinks were creative, strong, and delicious. Nachos were good, but the sauces left some room for improvement. Love the roasted peppers served wit. We believe in the shared approach so managed to taste everything. 

The ceviche was tasty and fresh, if a tad light on the seafood. The Sopas de Ranchos came 3 to a plate; tasty, filling, and went well with the cucumber-tequila-habanero martini's we were drinking. 

We had 2 each of the Pescaderos al Mango and the surf /turf (shrimp and fillet). The fish was grouper, served with a light, almost imperceptible breading stuffed with guacamole. Very generous portions, rice and a black re fried bean side. Overall a lot of food, well prepared with good flavor. 

Too full for deserts, we took some chocolate flan home and all tasted the tre-leche cake which was tasty and moist. A little of the owners-own sipping tequila was an after dinner drink. All in all, we agreed that Tequila's RW menu was well executed, good value, with a fun high energy ambiance. 

The real standout for the evening were the cocktails...  I'll be back at the bar to partake of those again real soon.
Went here to tonight with a group of girls for Center City SIPS and we were all BEYOND disappointed.  I am also flabbergasted by the numerous high ratings here.

First off, upon entering the restaurant and waiting for a table, we already got bad vibes about the place.  A young girl who was presumably the hostess was standing by the door but not letting anyone in or out.  When we gave our name and the number in our party we were told that she could not help us but it would just be a second.  A group came in shortly after use and she told them the same.  Soon a guy, looking like a manager or owner came over and the girl reported to him how many people were in each group.  He asked for our IDs and then left again.  The girl again said it would just be a second.  Then the man returned with our IDs and told the girl to seat us.  It was just bizarre, I don't know how to explain it.  In any case, we were seated outside and it was a nice evening.

A waiter quickly came over and took our drink orders.  4 of us got a margarita and 1 got a sangria.  The drinks come in especially small glasses and are extremely watered down.  There was very little salt and no lime.  After bringing the drinks he said "What are you having from the kitchen?"  I asked for menus, which none of us had yet and this was the first time at the restaurant for all of us.  He responded "SIPS specials are chicken taquitos, beef empanadas, or guacamole."  When I mentioned perhaps wanting something off of the normal menu he became noticeably irritated and said he would return with menus for us.  He came back about 5 minutes later asking if we were ready to order food yet and I pointed out that we still had no menus.  He then came back another 5 minutes later with 2 menus for the 5 of us to share.

Once we ordered food, it did come out promptly.  We had:
---Chicken Taquitos - $5, literally one taquito cut into 4 pieces, fairly flavorless
---Beef Empanada - $5, also very small and bland 
---Guacamole and chips - the one positive of the evening.  Also $5 and in an extremely small dish with ONE small plate of chips for 5 people to share.  However, the guac tasted incredibly fresh with large pieces of tomato, cilantro, and chunks of avocado.  It was very good but once the chips were gone and there was still guacamole left, we had to hunt down a waiter to ask for more chips since our waiter was nowhere to be seen.  The waiter brought them 15 minutes later and seemed angry about it.  Side note: chips were delicious and notably homemade - super crispy and served still warm with just the right amount of salt.  This appetizer also comes with 2 salsas.  The pico de gallo type salsa was chopped tomatoes and onions - fresh but bland.  I enjoyed the other salsa which was supposedly "hot."  It was not hot at all but more had a smoky chipotle flavor.  It was yummy.
---Sopa de tortilla with chicken - $8, came out in a very tiny "Cup size" portion which you would see at other restaurants.  Was just two small slices of chicken breast and perhaps a quarter of a chopped avocado in a bowl alone.  Also served with a plate of chopped white onion and cilantro.  The waiter then poured the "broth" over the chicken and avocado and dumped the cilantro and onions in it.  The broth was incredibly greasy with little flavor.  The oil and fat immediately separated from the broth and came to the top of the bowl.  So appetizing!

The waiter never came to check on us to see how our food was, to ask if we wanted a second margarita or even to refill our tiny water glasses.  Finally, to make matters worse, after paying the overpriced $70 bill and leaving a (very undeserved 20% tip), we sat to chat and finish up our margaritas.  No more than 5 minutes after collecting the check, the waiter came over and removed all of our silverware and (still somewhat full) water and margarita glasses.  A few seconds later he returned and asked if everything was ok because "he had lots of people waiting and would like to serve other tables."  

I have never been treated so rude by a server in my life.  Certainly will not return.  Wish I could give it no stars...
The service was amazing. From the host/hostess to our waiter, everyone was so fun and gracious. There seemed to be lots of celebrations happening here with drinks and shots flowing. I had the margarita roja which was delicious. 

We ordered guacamole for the table with extra jalapeños. Still not as spicy as I would have liked but I added salsa to it to spice it up. I honestly think the chips salsa and guac were my favorite part of the meal. 

My boyfriend and I split a meal and I honestly can't remember what it is called. It's the first one under the beef section. You can get it with beef or chicken. We ordered the chicken and it showed up in a giant hot pot type stew. You get another plate of rice, beans, guac, and tortillas to assemble the food together. It was ok, honestly I should have at least to make it spicy because I wish it had more flavor. It was presented beautifully, just wish they flavors were more complex ! 

Overall a good night and the place was decorated nicely. I think this place is worth checking out.
Did I seriously pay $25 for Chile rellenos?! Yes. Did I pay $25 for mediocre rellenos? Yes. 

Nothing about this place impressed me. The decor, the waiter, the mushroom empanadas app, the price. 

Living in Wilmington my Philly trips are precious to me. Since Philly is such a foodie town I've become spoiled by the quality of my experiences. With approximately 148 amazing Mexican restaurants in philly, Tequilas isn't one. (148 is made up) but you get my point.
I have to admit, I am a sucker for a good looking restaurant.  Most of the Mexican restaurants in and around Pittsburgh do not have an elegant look...  If they aren't decorated in a cold, unassuming chain restaurant way, don't be surprised if you see a sombrero and Mexican woven blanket on the wall. (That seems to be the standard Mexican restaurant décor kit that is handed out to beginning Mexican restaurant owners.)  No one complains about décor because the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable.  So you could have knocked me over with a feather when I recently went to dinner at Tequilas with a number of lady friends after an annual High Tea.

Depending upon where you are seated in the restaurant, you will see either murals reminiscent of Diego Rivera's work, or Mexican colonial period ambiance or quiet elegance that I would assume is taken from an authentic Mexican don's private digs.  Just nice!  And the service was spectacular!  We wanted for nothing and the world was delivered to us.  Unobtrusive, but always present.  That's a tough hat trick to pull off.

Now I'm not going to lie, the food was tasty.  We had the house made chips, salsa, pico de gallo, guacamole and earthenware containers of margaritas.  Si senores y senoritas, fue delicioso!  For my main entrée, I tried a special that they had that day which was their version of Surf and Turf.  The platter consisted of a HUMONGOUS grilled langoustine, Filete Grito (grilled filet mignon) covered in a wonderful sauce, rice and refried beans.  I was warned about the peppers that were in the sauce and I made the mistake of biting directly into one.  (I usually like spicy foods and I have a high tolerance for heat, but I was unprepared for the feeling that someone had put a live cigarette out on my tongue in the form of a pepper.  OMG hot!)  Pepper aside, I just thoroughly enjoyed my food.  I asked where they got langoustines that large and I never got a straight answer. (I wouldn't tell either so that I could corner the market.)

Would I go back again, absolutely!  The prices are a little steep, so be forewarned and some of the specials weren't served with sides. (E.g., My cousin ordered the salmon and crab special and I didn't detect sides with it.)  But all in all, simply encantadora! (Lovely)
Ooolyy moooly!! Place is amazing! Everything from the decor to the service to the food was perfect.

Our servers were awesome. He kept us entertained and was on top of everything! Kept up on our drink orders, recommended things (all of which was great), refilled chips, knew the menu extremely well, etc etc etc. I can keep going on about the amazing service but u all probably would be bored. 

Moving onto food and drinks...

Crab guacamole... good. Nice sweet flavor to it.

Prosciutto guacamole... amazing! Had a nice kick to it with the saltiness of the prosciutto.

Brazilian punch... mmm. Not too strong and not too sweet.

Short rib drink... spicy!! Def gotta get this if u come.

Branzino special... omg!!!! I want more. The sauce was perfect and the fish was so soft and flaky. 

Surf n turf special... steak was melt in your mouth cooked perfectly. The large shrimp was also to die for! Taste just like lobster. Yum!

Pork chops... so good and moist. The sweet potatoes it comes with was also quite delicious

Enchilada playa... we made fun of my bro in law for it bc it looked like a kids meal compared to all of ours but it had a great flavor! Didn't feel heavy either

Shrimp wrapped w/bacon... also delicious!

Caramel crepes... so good! Not too sweet and I loved the nuts on it.

Chocolate jalapeno icecream... crud, that is spicy but so good! The spice comes near the end when u swallow, so def be prepared for it. A must try!

Chorizo.. eh nothing special about it. Pretty simple.

We had so many more items (I went in a large group). Can't wait to go back again.
You know, when I first came upon Tequilas, I thought it might have been one of those overpriced Mexican restaurants that wasn't really worth its guacamole. But I was wrong! 

Upon entering the restaurant, you notice the beautiful handpainted artwork above the stairs, a tribute to Día de los Muertos. We were quickly seated and greeted by our server, Luca, who was fantastic in every way. He was extra friendly, knowledgeable, complimentary of our menu selections (in a way that came off as genuine), and helpful in choosing drinks. Let it be known that tequila is my spirit of choice, and while I have my favorites, it was nice to learn about their restaurant-produced tequila, Siembra Azul.

We forgot that we were in town during Restaurant Week, and I ordered off the RW menu because #treslechescake, while my colleague went with the regular menu. I started with the BEST beef empanadas I've had outside Argentina, complete with beautifully seasoned beef and enshrined in a flaky crust that I was so impressed with. Presentation is also not to be missed at Tequilas, where each dish is thoughtfully presented. Next came the chicken enchiladas in mole sauce. Now, I don't order mole everywhere, but this version was rich without being over the top, flavorful without being a punch in the face, and a wonderful union of spices, nuts, and seasoning. I could have drunk it from a bowl. I finished with the tres leches cake, and although it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was toward the top of the pick. Particularly important is that it was the right consistency--a spongy cake that was neither dry nor sopping with milk. Yum. 

My colleague had Carne Asada a la Tampiqueña, which is thinly sliced beef tenderloin with an accompanying chicken taquito, tamal, refried beans, and guacamole. All of the accompaniments are presented nicely. Basically, she loved this dish and left the plate accordingly. 

Now for the drink menu. First, I appreciate that they have an extensive tequila collection and that they divide it into lowland and highland. Their bartenders are masters of their craft (example: Jaime) and take great pride in making each drink. I first tried La Cura, a tequila and mezcal cocktail with lemon and ginger. It was a well-considered combination of flavors, as I find that, while I enjoy mezcal, drinks with both mezcal and tequila often overpronounce one or the other. I also had a Don't Pisco Me Off--I love clever libation names--which was refreshing and made like a pisco should be made...none of that mountains of foam foolishness that you find with poorly made ones. 

While we were dining, the staff and a few regulars were watching a football (soccer) game on TV, and they were so invested in it. We loved it! From the moment we stepped in until the moment we left, we felt like part of the family. Tequilas is an excellent choice in my book!
Great atmosphere (although the seating is a bit crowded), service was fantastic (waiter carrying drinks on his head was pretty cool).  I didn't think it was really that authentic, but maybe that's because I'm more used to Tex-Mex.  My mojito wasn't as good as the one I had a Cuba Libre, but still pretty good.  The fish stuffed with guacamole in mango sauce was GREAT!  My friends also loved their steaks.  We got taquitos with grasshoppers inside - interesting, very crunchy, not a lot of taste in the grasshoppers but there was a lot of garlicky guacamole to add some taste to the dish.  Overall a place worth visiting, especially if you can sit outside on a nice day.
The atmosphere was good, and our server was no nonsense which we love. The dessert was not bad.

But to be honest, they are way overpriced for the sad and bland entrees. I paid 30 dollars for a shrimp dish that I can probably do better at home (and I am not that great of a chef). The shrimp was 6 dollars a piece and tasted like garlic sauce directly from the grocery store. The portion was so surprisingly small that I was secretly angry when paying my bill. My friend's mole was also mostly tasteless and unimpressive, especially for the price. The margarita did not even have a hint of tequila and felt like I was paying for a bottle of 3 dollar margarita mix off the liquor store. 

Proceed with caution. You deserve better than this with your hard earned money.
I was excited to eat here for the first time, but as soon as I walked in the bar area I recognized that I had been there before, many years ago on a date. Well the date was pretty uneventful so I guess I had just forgotten all about it. 

The service was excellent. Our waiter, though a little slow, was so friendly you just couldn't be mad at him for making you wait 20 minutes to order. The drinks were awesome. I recommend the pear sangria if you like really sweet stuff. The food was pretty damn good too. I had the seasoned shredded pork with plantains. Really yummy. Of course by the time it came I was too full on chips and appetizers so I ate it straight off the plate instead of putting it in the tortillas I was given. My date had the surf and turf: a fillet with tequila shrimp. His fillet was good but the shrimp were so freaking tasty I wish I had gotten them instead. 

My only qualm was how ridiculously dimly lit the place was, but overall an enjoyable experience.
I adore much this place.  Everything from the decor and service once inside (the receptionists rudely demand that EVERYONE in your party be present before being seated - and they don't reserve for small groups.  BLAH!!!!).  The waiters are so entertaining - and even balance drinks and tray of drinks on their heads.

(Maybe one of the pre-requisites to employment there is to have a flat head?)

Anyhow, the food is really great - especially the Molcajete dishes and Guacamole.  The appetizers are great too and for lunch try the (affordable) enchildas.

Expensive - but so worth it - for true haute-Mexican cuisine.  This ain't no Qdoba and I am glad of that.

Oh - and the tequila selection and CLASSIC Margaritas are perfectly balanced, fresh and re-freshing.  LOVE 'EM!!!
I was excited to go back to Tequila's, having just moved in around the corner from it. I'd been there for dinner once before a couple of years ago and loved it. I couldn't wait to take my boyfriend there.

When we arrived we were seated at the front of the restaurant, by the windows (nice) but jammed in by the area where the servers go to replace small plates and the fake flowers on the tables (not nice). We ordered two drinks at $11 each, and they were very good drinks, though not $11 drinks. We shared a Caesar salad, which was bland and otherwise completely unremarkable. The chips and salsa were excellent. For an expensive Mexican restaurant, though, good chips and salsa are the cost of admission.

For my entree, I got the seafood enchiladas (Enchiladas Playa) for $24. They tasted fishy, and not in the way that they're supposed to be fishy. And aside from that, they were just bland. My boyfriend got the pork (Cochinita Pibil) for $21, and that was the only bright spot of the meal. 

The worst part was the service. It was terrible. At 9 on a Wednesday night during a recession, you're not going to find a lot of people paying $24 for enchiladas, and hence the restaurant was relatively slow. I expected our server to at least pay some attention to us. But instead all the servers were gathered around the bar talking and watching TV. We waited 10 minutes for our drinks, and 20 minutes to get the check, which we had to ask for. 

I may go back for a drink at the bar, but I'll never spend $60 on crappy food there again.
Wow, what an amazing experience we had at Tequila's last night!  We met up with another couple for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed our evening.

We arrived a bit early and had a drink at the bar.  Being that it was 6:30 on a Friday, I suppose there were a lot of happy hour folks there after work and the bar was packed.  I had a glass of wine, the hubs had a premium margarita.  $20 for two cocktails, but they were delicious.

When we tried to be seated while waiting for our fourth member of the party to arrive, the hostess refused to seat us without all members there.  A bit frustrating, but they were packed so I can understand why.  We were finally seated at a lovely table in a quiet room off to the side of the bar.  Our sever was incredible!  He brought our tray of drinks over to us ON HIS HEAD.  And served them, FROM HIS HEAD.  We have never seen anything like that before.

We started with apps:  the tortilla soup was amazing, and the ceviche was fresh and delicious.  For the main course, I had the stuffed peppers, and my hubs had the enchiladas.  The other couple had a skirt steak special, and a seafood dish served out of a stone mortar bowl.  We tried the flan and crepes for dessert.  Everything is delicious there, you truly can't go wrong.  While very pricey, we had a lovely evening and would love to come back again.
The place looks pretty fancy and is nicely decorated, but it's all an act. Things started off fairly well with some tasty guacamole and chips, but it headed south quickly. 

The entrees (priced between $20-25) were just plain bad - tastier food can be had at Chipotle - or even Qdoba. The chicken in my dish was a far cry from fresh. In fact, it tasted as if someone had microwaved it about 3 times. The incredible salty rice accompanying it didn't help either. My wife ordered a bacon-wrapped shrimp dish. Despite the deliciousness of things wrapped in bacon, this too was rather gross - overly salted and slathered in some cheap white cheese. You'd do better microwaving the Costco version.

Next up - the drinks. We were told of a wonderful IPA on tap - "Fishead IPA". After confirming the pronunciation a few times, I just assumed that it was really "Dogfish head" and ordered one. It wasn't Dogfish Head. And it either came out of a bottle or a very stale keg. And for $7, I was expecting more than a tulip-glass worth - it wasn't that strong.

Figuring I'd try again - I asked what else was on tap. 'Mexican Cider'. Well okay, that sounded interesting. 'So that's a hard cider, right'...'Yes yes'. I ordered one. When it arrived a few minutes later, I quickly realized it was another IPA. Upon pointing this out to the waiter, I was heartily assured that it was indeed Cider and I was probably just unfamiliar with this new type of beverage. Well, anyone who has had a beer and a hard cider would be hard pressed to confuse the two. 

Next time your craving Mexican - try somewhere else. Even better, grab some Chipotle burritos and enjoy them at home with a  few Yuenglings. Or with some Mexican Cider, if you can find any :)
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia - the food is outstanding, the ambiance makes you feel as if you're in Mexico, and it's fun! (the waiters carry drinks out on their heads).

You can't really go wrong with the menu, even if you are picky because they are willing to work around your requests. Try the Molcajetes de Pollo (hot chicken in a lava bowl for make-your-own tortillas). Their steak dishes are also phenomenal. 

Aside from the food, the place is great for both special occasions or a drink at the bar... you'll feel as if you were transported from Philly to an exotic Mexican locale.
I've come here for drinks/happy hour and had a good experience both times. 

-Happy hour specials aren't fantastic or anything. The drinks were $6-9. $6 for a really strong/well made marg or sangria at least! But I'd say the norm in the area is $5 for cocktails. Katie P. got a rose marg and we legit saw him grab a fresh rose and put the petals in the drink. 
-I ordered 3 tacos for $10. I got 3 mushroom ones (only veg option) and they were super good--unique flavors, fresh, and flavorful. They could have made them spicier though! Speaking of veg options, there aren't many at all in the full menu, so I probably wouldn't come here for a meal. 
-I was surprised that when you order food, it comes with basket of fresh chips and two kinds of salsa! Free stuff like this during happy hour isn't common, so maybe that balances out with the slightly above price cocktails. 
-Service was attentive. All the servers/owners/whatever were really friendly. 
-Happy hour starts at 2pm! So if you want to/can start early, this would be the place to start.
Oh HELL yes!. I'm sorry, I just get excited about great margaritas and Mexican food lol! BEST margs I've ever had at a restaurant in Philly. Hands down. I went here for Restaurant Week back in September '13 and I was not disappointed. The ambiance of the restaurant seems most authentic and quite romantic even.The food was delicious and the service was great! We came to celebrate a friend's birthday and their "birthday routine" was so cool. They came out and slammed down a shooter full of Kahlua onto the table and then poured the shot in her mouth and sang. It was exciting! I love Mexican food and could probably eat it everyday, so I can't wait to get back here! Great experience!
High quality Mexican food. The service is great, and as many have mentioned, the waiters carry platters on their heads and drinks on their fingertips. Great food...and entertaining.

There's outdoor seating, too. Which, on Locust Street, is a little quieter than some outdoor seating in the city. Get the molcajetes, which is served in a lava bowl along with some corn tortillas, guacamole, etc. And their limeade is really refreshing (unless you're in the mood for a cerveza).
this place seems quite overrated to me.  the food was okay.  i may have chosen "the wrong dish for me" but it was just okay.  my fiance really liked his dish however.  so that opinion is mixed.  my mojito was just okay as well.  i was definitely expecting better.  the atmosphere..... we were sat in the bar area.  i faced a wall and Carl faced a mans beer gut all night.  it was loud and the waitress was not very nice.  the hostess was rude.  on the way out we decided to use the bathroom.  being first time guests of the restaurant, we walked the wrong way.  the hostess asked if we were looking for the restrooms.  when we said yes, she sighed heavily and obviously annoyed, responded with "ughhh... why does everyone think the bathroom is this way?".  Carl then responded... "because we have never been here before".  

anyway, it was pricey and unimpressive in my opinion.  i would not go again nor recommend it.  i think the ambiance would have been better had we been seated in the back dining area.  so, if you do decide to check it out be certain not to be stuck in the bar area near the hostess.  and for future reference... the bathroom is toward the back.
Coming from a Mexican this should tell you everything - Tequila's has the best Mexican food outside of Mexico. Actually no, I think Tequila's can be on the top Mexican Restaurants in my list, including Mexican restaurants IN Mexico. It is the real deal, none of the "tex-mex"  food, this is REAL Mexican food! 
I haven't been there in a long time, this was my favorite place when I lived in PA and have not since then found another mexican restaurant that can compare to Tequila's.
If you are looking to try the real flavors of Mexico, you have to go to this place!
Needed a Mexican restaurant to celebrate my birthday that could handle the following:

1) 10 girls that love to eat and usually come hungry
2) Guacamole that comes in an extra large pot (because who eats guacamole from a small bowl?)
3) Margaritas. Lots and lots of margaritas. Not too sweet or sour, either.
4) A fun-loving atmosphere
5) A place that doesn't make you rob a bank

Welcome to Tequilas, friends! This place met all the above criteria and was better than I expected. For one, I did not realize how big this restaurant was! Previously, I've only been here for drinks at the bar. We were seated in the back room with the other bigger parties. I assume this is where they put all the loud and lively groups because that is what we experienced! Along with the chips and salsa, we ordered margaritas (and sangria!), two types of guacamole, and a plethora of entrees. For me, I ordered the molcajetes (Beef tenderloin covered in salsa served in a lava rock bowl with tortillas to make your own tacos!). The food was delicious, the drinks flowing, and smiles all around. Service was on point and made sure that our glasses (water and the drinks!) were full, which I appreciated.

My experience here was pretty solid, and Tequilas deserves to be recognized as one of my highly recommended restaurants in the area.
Overall 5 stars on drinks, 5 on ambiance and 4 on food. (Bonus points: loved the Ayotzinapa poster!)

I came here on Friday after work and the prices were a bit steeper than I expected for HH but overall a great experience! Firstly, love the inside. It's dim without being unable to read what's in front of you; fairly classy without being intimidated if you're not wearing formal clothes. I sat at the bar and it was super fun to see our bartender create all these beautiful drinks and be surrounded by a lot of the colorful ingredients. I got the two jalapeño infused drinks (south of the river and the short rib). I'm a big fan of the spicy drinks and these didn't disappoint, they were able to add a kick without making the jalapeño overbearing and additionally were beautiful drinks to not only drink but look at. 

For food we ordered the guac and chips, the tacos (octopus, callejeros, cochinita pibil) and ceviche. I loved that the guac came in a molcajete (they always make me feel warm and fuzzy). The guac was overall good, nothing that'll blow your mind away but pretty good - love that it came with salsa and chips. The tacos were very delicious. My favorite was the cochinita pibil - the sauce it came in was sooo good. The octopus was a close second though. The ceviche was great too, I kind of wish they chopped up their shrimp more but everyone has their own style.
I've been to a lot of Mexican Restaurants in my life (yes, I am mexican - surprise) and Tequila's is one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to. To start with, the chipotle, almond guacamole is hands down the best guacamole I have ever tasted (sorry, mom). It was perfect size and perfect taste. I tried looking for it on the menu but I didn't see it so I hope they didn't do away with it - if you are there ask about it! You won't regret it. 

For the main course, I had the molcajete de carne which was delicious and a BIG portion. I didnt share it but it might be good to share. If you plan on having your traditional mexican beers at this place forget it. They don't sell XX or any other mexican beers that you have tried in the past. They sell what they call "an authentic" mexican beer which is good. My date had a margarita that she thought was good. 

The restaurant has a pretty good feel to it - dim with traditional mexican decorations. I didn't really like our table as we were off to the side and it was kind of small. We were in the walkway so it was a bit uncomfortable. 

The waiter was knowledgeable, funny and attentive. He even taught my date a few spanish phrases which was cool. 

Overall great experience at tequila's a def must go if you are looking for mexican food in Philly.
Been on the search for a fab mexican restaurant in the area for a while now.  Have been to a few places that have come close, but this place def tops my list right now!  Every dish was beautifully presented, very flavorful, and kept me wanting more with each bite.   I second the previous reviewer's favorite dish - the 'Ostiones Cancun' - the raw oysters atopped with chipotle, tequila, lime, avocado - a refreshing start to the meal I had.  The homemade guac and tortillas accompanied by 3 different spicy salsas were great for getting the palate ready for a latin spicy meal.  I had the Enchaldas Playa which were stuffed with crabmeat and shrimp and creamy sauces of poblano and chipotle flavors.  My fiance had the Mole Poblano which we found out is a classic latin dish with a mix of spicy and sweet.  Highly recommend both with their best house pitcher of sangria.

The decor was sexy/cozy with dim lighting, Spanish art, and inspired silver- and tableware of gold and blue colors.  The one negatory note I have - when we first walked in to meet the hostess.  It was wonderful to have no wait whatsoever for a table, but seating us right by the entrance on a cold winter night is just rude and stupid!  Luckily, a thoughtful waiter came by and suggested that we move to a table deeper in the restaurant which ended up being a wonderful spot for us to comfortably enjoy our meal. 

This place is definitely a repeat restaurant - can't wait to go back and try more!
I was craving Mexican food, went on a Yelp search, and ended up here. I came at around 6:30 and it wasn't too crowded, but we had a reservation. It got noticeably busier throughout the night - so that's something to keep in mind!

DRINKS - delicious, plentiful, just so many options. I had the rose margarita, but next time, I want to try their more tropical drinks (coconut, etc.).

APPETIZERS - the best part, I think. They have different types of guacamole and queso, amongst other things. The meal comes with chips and salsa, but come on...going to a Mexican restaurant and not ordering guacamole?! Never. The queso was really great, I think. It had chorizo in it and was so delicious - it comes with soft flour tortillas.

ENTREES - I ordered a special that had 5 pieces of large shrimp, some lobster, and some calamari, all on top of whipped potatoes. It was pretty good - I wanted something to contract the appetizers I had been munching on. My boyfriend got the seafood enchiladas and I think he enjoyed them, but it was just too much cheese for proportions (this may not be a problem for others). 

Overall, I had a great experience. The waiter was so friendly and knowledgeable. Another little plus is their lighting a candle when you sit down for dinner. Nice touch!
So first off, let me say: if I were rating Tequilas on their food alone, I definitely would have given it 4 stars. I really enjoyed the Carne Asada and both my friends at dinner enjoyed their entrees as well. We also really enjoyed the chips and the interesting variety of salsas.


Unfortunately the service came nowhere close to matching the quality of the food. Our waitress, Clarissa T, was flat out rude. She literally hovered over our table for the entire meal. At first, this seemed like she was just being a great waitress (if a little overbearing) but as the night progressed, it became clear that she was trying to not at all subtly, push us out the door so she could get another table in her area. When we finished dinner, we sat for a little while and talked. Meanwhile Clarissa T stood not 5 feet from our table the ENTIRE TIME, looking at us, pointing at us, and expressing her discontent with our table to another waiter. We'd been talking probably 10 minutes when she removed my friend's water glass that she was actively drinking out of. When I asked if my friend could get another glass of water, instead of being apologetic, she acted irritated, like we were a huge inconvenience. She also removed the paid bill from the table and checked what we'd tipped. 20% Clarissa, don't worry. Not that you deserved it.

All in all, these may seem like trivial things, but when added together they turned a great girl's night out that we'd been looking forward to into a really uncomfortable experience. I thought about talking to management that night about how awful she'd been, but hopefully they'll just read this here.
Okay so I've had their food, and it's super legit. Guac is excellent, chips are crunchy and the tacos are phenom and spicy. We just had some happy hour snacks, but I really do what to sit down for a nice meal here sometime soon!
We came here for a girls night. Let me start of by saying we all adored out waiter. He was so nice and accommodating, he brought drinks on his head, he gave us plenty of time to decide, made suggestions and was just all around great.

The drinks were excellent. I have been here once before and got the Mojito Verde and it was delicious. This time I got a CocoLoca which tasted like a pina colada made love to a margarita and had a baby. 

There were five of us so we ordered one regular guacamole for the table. We were all very hungry and ate it right up and ordered a second, this time with crab meat and melon which was interesting.

I ordered one of the specials; salmon in butternut squash sauce with *broosel sprouts* (we loved the way he said it)  topped with a scallop. I usually try to stay away from salmon because I feel it's one of the fishier tasting fishes but this piece wasn't fishy at all and the scallop wasn't either. It was delicious and I had to stop myself from licking the butternut squash sauce off the plate. I've had the carne asada a la tampiqueña before which is also highly recommended. 

We ordered dessert. I LOVE churros so naturally I ordered them. They were a bit too soft to my liking but still very good. It came out to a reasonable price per person and we all went home full and happy.
Happened to be walking by when the thought of a really good drink crossed my mind.  The restaurant which is located inside a former house with most of the former woodwork still in place was really pretty.   The husband and I sat at the bar and were greeted by an extraordinarily knowledgeable bartender.   I thought about a drink but we ended up sharing a Mezcal flight for around $17.  The flight that was chosen for us was fantastic!  I definitely want to come back and enjoy the food and more of the expansive tequila menu.
The sultry decor and attentive service provide the perfect backdrop to some of the best Mexican food in town. The mole sauce is to die for, and the margaritas are damn good, too. I always waver between getting them by the glass so I can watch the waiter balance it on his head or getting them by the crock (a cute little pottery thing with its own tap) because I know I'll drink plenty. Tequila's is a bit pricey, especially if you're a fan of its namesake libation, but it's worth it.
I don't enjoy giving negative feedback but I feel it's necessary. 

Went for a party of 14 on a Saturday night.  When 10 were present, we still couldn't be seated to get going with apps and more drinks,  instead we crowded the bar area until more showed up.  We ended up taking up a big table in the back, for a few hours.

Throughout the night, instead of when it was important, the wait staff (especially those bussing the tables) were fantastic.  Very well trained, polite, and attentive.  Again the bus staff was superb.

Drinks from the bar were very tasty. 

The food however.. not so great. The guacamole was nothing special. The salsas with the chips was fresh tasting but nothing great.  The other apps (fundido, ceviche) were ok.

For mains, I couldn't decide on the chicken mole, chiles rellenos, or molcajete. The waitress said they were known for their mole, and that it was amazing; that a patron even said it was better than their grandmother's. I was sold.

The dish came... The chicken was flavorless and overcooked - chewy and dry. , The mole sauce on it was cold, and, hands down the worst mole I've ever had.  It had no flavor, seasoning, and tasted like it was watered down.

The worst part.. at this point, the previously attentive waitress disappeared.  The staff came to bus the table eventually and the nice man asked if I was done, seeing my full plate.. I said it was terrible and cold when it came. He said nothing to the waitress. She never asked how the food was.  I didn't have the opportunity to stop and tell her as she disappeared.  A friend paid the bill before I could get her attention. 

The food just didn't match the decor, drinks, or service, especially for the price. This place is far more expensive than better experiences to be had elsewhere in the city .. or even at a food truck.
I've never had a bad time here. Food always is delicious and I can't highlight one over another. I like RW as they limit my choices and put a great 3 course menu together. 
I've had great experiences during restaurant weeks, and big parties are always fun to take here. 
My friend talked me into the whole fish entree and dared me to try an eyeball. This was the first time I've ever eaten a fish eye ball (so fun! It pops!)  and cheeks. I learned how to enjoy every little nook and cranny of a fish since my first time here. 
*There is never a bad time to get a table side margarita barrel! Really fun night out
A great place to go to switch things up once in a while when you start feeling that all your staple 'food type' options (fancy french, bar burgers&fries, italian byo, fusion bistro) are getting routine.  

The atmosphere is distinctive and classy...the decor is distinguished and effortlessly charming...stylish without being trendy or too "fashionable"...overall the space (the restaurant is much larger/deeper than it appears from its Locust st. facade) has an inviting grandeur.  
Service is impeccable yet waitstaff add some fun by bringing out some orders balanced on their head.  
Their specials truly are, for they included a dish with fried grasshoppers.  After I swallowed my trepidation and a mouthful of them ('just keep thinking they're like shrimp that live on land'), I have to say they really taste more like garlicky & buttery crispy chips than anything else.  Their mojitos were top-notch, steak was tasty, and ceviche okay/decent.  Some items on the menu seemed a little overpriced for standard-ish mexican fare but the experience as a whole is worth it.
Hats off to Tequila's for a memorable meal and experience! This was a refreshing change from the semi-authentic Mexican food that other restaurants offer within walking distance of Tequila's. Manuel, our waiter, made sure that he educated us regarding the menu and specific dishes that he enjoyed the most. He was our best friend by the end of evening he was just that cool and friendly.

The restaurant itself is so elegant. You feel like you are walking into the Latin-Mexican food official palace! Their drinks are artfully crafted and delicious. They offer a variety of Mezcal tequila and the bartenders make sure that they are presented and tasted in a specific way so that you are getting the most out of your tequila taste. Do yourself a favor and order the queso!

5 stars all around for service, food, drinks, and ambiance!
A lovely friend and I came here for dinner this past Saturday. We were seated outside by a gracious host staff. Things seemed promising. Then we meet our server, and though neither of us could recall meeting him at any other part in our lives, he had developed an active hatred of us somehow. Every second he was forced to be at our table appeared to
be agony for him, I was really concerned for his well being. He rolled his eyes at our drink menu request and "yeah yeah"ed my dates question about her drink. We wanted to order three or four starters and then entrees once we had a better feel for the menu. Nope, everything at once and if we only wanted the starters, we couldn't sit at a table. "we know how to course it" Hmmm, OK, so we ordered 60+ worth of food (though you would have thought we just got chips and salsa based on our server's reaction) and he huffed away. 
After our guacamole came out (it was delicious) the next dish to our table was an entree, no starters in sight. Was this what our server meant by coursing? It was whisked away again and eventually our missing starters appeared. Our server never came over to check on us, I had to flag him down for water, and the only thing he said to us about our entree was "don't worry this isn't the same one" meaning to
Kitchen refired the dish I suppose. At that point I was afraid to ask for clarification about anything. When we got close to the end of the meal, a super friendly server came over to clear and asked if we wanted things boxed to take home. He obliged and even joked with us a bit. I would have much preferred he had been our server all earning. As for our assigned server? He dropped the check, ran the card and left us with barely a parting nod. I swear it was as if our table was made of radioactive nightmares. The food was pretty good, not really worthy of the prices charged and especially not if I'm
being openly hated the person serving me.
I was not that impressed. I walked in at the time of my reservation and asked to be seated - they proceeded to tell me I had to wait until the rest of my party arrived (it was a reservation for 2). I awkwardly waited in a corner because they didn't have any seating to wait around. Then, I saw a friend of the reservation guy come by with half his party and get seated immediately. Not fair. 

Food was average for vegetarians. Limited options, and expensive but average drinks. I think there are much nicer mexican restaurants in the city (at much better prices too).
Let me first start by saying the food was not hit or miss. It was plain and simple miss. 

The menu is also very, very descriptive. I wasn't quite sure if I was reading a trashy romance novel or a food menu. Each food item had a paragraph long description talking about the orgasmic (literally) qualities of each menu item.   Quotes such as "...will seduce even the most demanding palate" and "this dish brings out a cry for joy when tasted..." were abundant.  I didn't cry out for joy but I did cry out for more flavor because everything was so bland. 

One redeeming factor was the drink menu which had very strange names such as Wild Passion and Future Traditions but were excellent.
We went to tequila's last night for Tres de Mayo (instead of dealing with the Cinco de Mayo crowds).  Margaritas were not nearly as heavenly as in the past.  Too sweet and "lemonadey" this time.  Oh well.

Meanwhile, the food was good - but not 5 star.  My dish (at least to me) was the best - a special of Langostino, split and grilled and sauced with a yummy tequila, garlic and pepper sauce.  Flavorful - but not too hot & spicey.

Tequila's makes one of the BEST Caesar salads EVER,  It can run heavy on the dressing, so i always ask for it lightly dressed and last night's was up to par and delicious.

Our female server (her name escapes me) was lovely and attentive.

The BEST 5 star part of the meal was the Tres Leche cake (which the 3 of us split - we were stuffed).

The worst - which made me downgrade from 5 to 4 stars - was the queso fundito.  Just tooo heavy and greasy.  A big crock of melted cheese.  (I didn't order it - I never would have in a million years.)

Bring back the FRESH lime margaritas and I'll quickly re-up you to 5 stars.  Tequila's is a great restaurant.  I recommend it to out of town guests often.

Oh - and please start taking reservations.  (Right now they'll only reserve for parties of 6 or more.)
Great place - great building - great atmosphere.

Solid entrees and drinks.

Reasonable priced for a kinda high end dinner (not super high end but for 4 people with 2 drinks each, bill was about $350 before tip)

Have gone several times over the past 3 years and the food and serve remains consistent.
3.5 
Finally made it to Tequilas! I had been planning on coming for a while to try out the molcajete.

We opened the restaurant with a 11:30 reservation for Sunday brunch for four. We started things off with (complimentary) chips and salsa and pico. We also added guac (duh). The house salsas were really tasty. Guac was good as well, but nothing to write home about. My friends go the tortilla soup (which was served by them brining the bowl of extras and pouring the broth into the bowl in front of you), enchiladas, and the beef molcajete. The mocajete is a LOT of food -- my friend and I shared and it was definitely plenty. We did have to ask for more tortillas. 

My one issue was that the molcajete tasted just like the red salsa. While tasty, I thought that there would be a more unique flavor. 

Overall, very good but definitely not good enough to make a return trip soon -- will be checking out some other Mexican spots in Philly first.
The atmosphere of this place was cool. When walking in, there was the bar area. They had a big TV with sports playing. This room had a laid back vibe. We sat in the back room. This was more intimate. It was completely shut off from the other room. It only had tables, that in my opinion, were way too close to one another. It felt awkward at times having a normal conversation, as the person next to you could hear everything said. 

I was disappointed by the menu size and pricing. I don't eat meat and normally Mexican is a safe bet. This sadly wasn't the case here. They had very limited choice, and the pricing was $25-$30 per entree. I ordered an app, which is pictured below ($12.50). As soon as I did this, the server seemed very annoyed. 

They had a variety of speciality margaritas. I ordered the rose petal one, and it was quite tasty. I was wanting a normal one, but their version had an orange flavor. All their margs were $12. All in all, it was an okay experience. We both walked away hungry after a $50 tab.
I feel like I'd have to give dinner a shot here before I form a full opinion, but as of right now, I'm not overly impressed. Came for SIPS on Wednesday and was unprepared for a) the fancy shmancy ambiance and b) the mass amounts of people in business attire. I was in a sundress and felt like a total weenie, especially since I arrived before the rest of my party. Look at that loser sitting at the bar by herself in a sundress! HA! LOOOOOOOSER. 

Could've sworn that the sips website said margs were $4, but when I got there, they were actually more like $5.50 after tax. I stuck with the house chardonnay for $4 but did try a sip (see what I did there) of one of the margs, they were decently strong for the price so that's a plus I guess. Service was helpful and pretty quick, but I'm not in too much of a hurry to come back any time soon.
I will definitely be returning to Tequila's at some point (although I prefer Distrito).

What I love about this place is that although it is not cheap, you leave totally full.  The portions were all very generous from the apps to the entrees.

We started out with complimentary tortillas chips with pico de gallo, salsa verde and pickled jalapenos (I think).  All of which were tasty.

The ceviche was really good and was a very large bowl of it.  The taquitos were also good.

The enchiladas de mar were really mild, fresh and delicious.  My grouper special was a little dry, but with some leftover salsa verde the problem was solved.

The only major issue was the service.  They could back off a bit.  Our server asked us if we were ready to order 5 times within 10 minutes.  On top of that, this place is one of those restaurants that tells you the whole order must go in at the same time.  Don't buy into that.  If you have ever worked at a restaurant, you know this is encouraged, but never required.
Great spot for groups! Hosted an event at Tequilas, and they were very friendly and accommodating. Nice atmosphere and good drinks.

Started off with family style appetizers. The empanadas and taquitos were good. The guac had avocado chunks that were a bit too large for my preference. I choose the camarones for my main, and the shrimp were juicy and cooked well. I did have buyer's remorse though. The Cochinita Pibil (pulled pork) was really good.
tequila's was a place we encountered randomly while roaming the streets of philadelphia..

coming from socal, we're pretty harsh critics of mexican food and drinks..but this place was fantastic..

its a bit pricey, and the wait can be long...but our stomach was happy to rise to the occasion...

better than el vez which is also in the city.
I owe this place an apology. I am sorry that I wrote you off food-wise completely based on you having the word "tequilas" in your title. Shame on me. My punishment? Not experiencing a meal here until just a few weeks ago. 

I actually want to start with the service. My goodness they are seamless. But not in a stuffy, I-feel-like-I'm-in-a-nice-restaurant sort of way. The staff is also so darn nice you want to hang out there all day. 

The drinks are really tasty (no surprise there coming from a place with a liquor in the title). I think they might have one of the best margaritas in the city. Also, they have Negra Modelo on tap. Win!

Finally, the food. I promise to never again judge a restaurant by its title. The food was fantastic. The salsa that comes with the chips and salsa is so so good. I had a seafood enchilada, and seriously considered licking the plate. (Luckily for my dining companions, I was able to keep it together). This is definitely on my list of go-to places for Mexican in Center City.
Delicious food but truly hurts the wallet. Our server was wonderful, helped me make the decision to get the pork and told us a little story about pico de gallo. My date and I decided against cocktails but they did look good as they moved past on our server's head.
We met up with old friends for dinner here, and I was very excited to try it as I had heard good things.  It was a less-than-pleasant experience.

The hostesses at the podium were extremely snotty and rude.  I mean, I understand it's Rittenhouse Square but c'mon. The drinks were nothing to sing about.  And what really tipped the scales was the lackluster cuisine.  I ordered the sopa de tortilla, and my friend ordered the chile rellenos.  A second after my soup arrived, I started smelling something resemblant to a NYC subway station.  I was thinking/hoping it wasn't my soup that smelled like urine but unfortunately it was :(  It was off-putting, and its taste didn't help matters any.  My friend's chile rellenos were okay but nothing to delegate the prices on the menu nor the attitudes of the hostesses.

What prompted me to give this place two stars instead of one was 1) our server was decent and on top of things, and 2) the ambience was pretty.

You'd be better off going to Las Bugambilias.  Amazing food, potent drinks, and a really nice staff.
I guess I'm impartial because I've worked for Xochitl, Osteria & Lacroix at the Rittenhouse. The decor is phenomenol. I would think it would pass more as a french restaurant. But the food & service compared to Xochitl Lacroix, Osteria & Paxia is extremely lacking. Like someone had said before, the chips seems stale. My drink was tasty, but the colors leave them to be less desirable. My date had the "Twist." As yummy as it was, it looked like muddy water. Maybe that drink should be served in an opaque glass.

I had Chicken Flautas or Taquitos and they seemed kinda bland. My date had sopes. Again, better one's from Xochitl. Entree was tuna ceviche in coconut creme (insanely sweet, I had to add a bit of pico de gallo from the chips to tone it down a bit) & Cochinita for my date. I loved the platanos on his. The rice was dos-tres, the black bean purée was a presented rather nicely. Dessert was meh. The banana crêpes at Paxia are more invigorating and the tres leches cake could have a better presentation. The flavors were OK, nothing to rave about. The cajeta on the crêpes seemed like it was from a bottle or a can.
Service was really great last night. We had a reservation for 8 and there was no wait. The staff overheard it was my friend's birthday so they brought out her dessert with a candle and also brought her a delicious looking colorful shot. A number of employees sang to her in Spanish and it was a lot of fun. My friend could not stop smiling.

The place is very large inside, especially for a center city restaurant so it is a good choice for a big group. The lighting is dim which sets the mood and it is more of an upscale Mexican restaurant but not stuffy and you can still dress somewhat casual.

The food was also good. The price is more expensive than your typical Mexican restaurants but is totally worth it for the service and ambiance of this restaurant if you are looking for an overall nice dining experience. 

I was very happy with the food. They brought out complimentary chips with salsa and peppers. I ordered the Enchiladas Playa which is tortillas stuffed with crabmeat, shrimp, creamy pablano sauce and chipotle peppers with some rice and veggies on the side. It is not a spicy meal and the restaurant cannot alter the spicy/hotness factor of their dishes but has some authentic hot sauce that they can provide on the side. The hot sauce was awesome and had my nose running which is how spicy I like my Mexican food.  I also tried my friend's Molcajete De Pollo which is a lava rock bowl with chicken, salsa, and many flavors and served with tortillas to make tacos. Both dishes that I tried were delicious. Portions were big. Without an appetizer, I find the entrees are plenty to leave you stuffed. But the appetizers looked really good and I never mind eating leftovers. 

They also have skinny margaritas! Thank you Nina S for picking this restaurant for your bday.
This is an amazing restaurant!! Food is fresh and delicious!!  But the service is outstanding!!! My friend william recommend Tequilas for a special celebration with my wife and they really impressed me.  From hostess, manager, chef all of them make my night special. But the start of de night was my waiter SILVIO !! He make us feel very welcoming!! With a professional and excellent sense of humor  and amazing knowledge of the menu and drinks make our dinner the best of our life's.  Thanks for a unforgettable experience!!! I'll recommend this beautiful restaurant to all my friends and family. Bravo
Highly entertaining service- trayfuls of drinks are balanced on fingertips and the bartenders make a mean mojito (no capirinhas, people). Portion size is above average- I tend to be full after appetizers, and would still have leftovers without apps. Guacamole ($14) is fresh and fabulous, and the mildly spicy tortilla soup is comforting on a cold night. Steak done rare will be RARE. Yum. Potentially boisterous ambience inside with some really interesting architecture and woodwork, relatively quiet outside seating although passersby like myself will eye your food and judge your table (drinks, plate cleaning, fashion) as we walk by. Usually no reservations on weekends, be prepared to wait. Bathrooms/indoor seating are not handicapped accessible.
Excellent food, interesting and fun place.  Worth the price.
Came here at 5:30 on a Tuesday during restaurant week. They are on Open Table which is always a plus for me. We were seated immediately upon arrival by a nice and friendly hostess. Our server came over in an appropriate amount of time to take our order. 

This place is pretty huge in my opinion and offers a variety of rooms, each offering something different in terms of ambiance and decor...which I appreciate. The front area where the bar is has a really cool vibe. It's old school but sort of gothic. It reminds me of the tower of terror for some reason. Lol. I don't know why. I wish we were seated up front. The back room was nice, too. There's one window seat that I would have loved to sit at but it was already taken. It was verrrry quiet for the majority of time that we were there. As we were leaving around 7:30 it was full and VERY loud....to the point that it was difficult to hear each other. Some of the other rooms were still quiet. I think you can choose a room based on your desired ambiance (if you know going into it). 

Chips and salsa were brought to the table...chipotle salsa and a fresh pico. Both were delicious. 

We ordered from the restaurant week menu. 

Apps: I got the mushroom and black bean empanadas. My Dad got the dual empanadas so 1 mushroom and 1 beef, (each one cut into two pieces). I thought they were really good. 

Entrees: my Dad got filet and shrimp. He gave it 8 out of 10 stars. I got cheese enchiladas with tomatillo sauce. Both served with rice and black beans. My enchiladas were delicious. I would have preferred a bit more sauce but that's a personal preference. I did not ask for more but I'm sure they would have brought it. They were very cheesy. Yum!

Dessert: Dad got Tres Leches cake and I got Chocolate Mousse cake. It was not the best I've had. It tasted pre made. Like something that would be shipped to a restaurant and they would slice and serve. I could be wrong. It was alright but not great. 

Our server was excellent. She answered all of my questions and offered suggestions. She checked to make sure everything was correct and delicious. She took care of the check quickly when my Dad was in the bathroom so I could beat him to it. The person assisting her was also great. Quick to clear plates and wrap up leftovers. Friendly. Non intrusive. 

The bathrooms were clean. Four stalls. No waiting. Sinks were clean. Toilets were clean and functional. 

I was sad they didn't have Chambord to make a Chambord Margarita. We ordered sparkling water. I was sad it wasn't really cold. The waitress did bring me a straw and lime like I asked, which I appreciated because many people forget. 

Can't beat restaurant week. It's just a coincidence we came here during restaurant week. We looked at the regular menu, too but ultimately preferred the restaurant week offerings anyway. 3 course meal for 2 people, $79 plus tip. 

Fancier Mexican food than most places but if you're into that, I would recommend it here. I would return.
Walked in with a friend and asked for a table for two. Instead of seating us, the hostess immediately said "you guys are going to order food, too, right? You have to order main courses if you're going to seated. We have a lot of reservations tonight."

What about two Black women entering a RESTAURANT would make you assume that they weren't going to order food?

I should add that there  were a lot of empty tables both inside and outside. My friend and I are both visibly Black women and wearing our hair in long braided styles-- I guess our outward appearances didn't fit the profile of a typical diner at Tequilas because there was literally nothing that would've indicated that we weren't planning to dine. If you recall, the hostess didn't even say hello before launching his interrogation. 

We left immediately. FOH.
This place has the longest list of specials I've ever encountered at an eating establishment.  Every time you go, the server has a list that keeps going on, and on, and on, until you become hypnotized into ordering one of them.  But more importantly, the food is, at best, mediocre.  Some of the seafood dishes are decent, but the prices are simply too high for the quality and creativity of what you get -- particularly for the non-seafood entrees.

Granted, Philly is seriously lacking in good Mexican, and if there were a good taqueria for me to recommend I would do so, but I never found it.  Food aside, the atmosphere is pretty lively, and this place can be a good time with a big group ready to tear into a few pitchers of margaritas.  My two cents: go to Lolita instead.
In love with this place! I was in Philadelphia vacationing and heard good things about it. I started my meal off with a mojito and my husband had a margarita - both were outstanding! Great flavor, not weak drinks.

We're both gluten free, and they had a ton of items for us to choose from. Their salsa and chips were delicous (2 types of salsa, a hot and a mild). For our main course I ordered the Molcajete de Pollo (grilled chicken in a lava bowl with peppers and amazing seasoning, fall apart good, with tortillas, beans and rice) and my husband got the Molcajete de Carne (basically the same thing but with beef instead) and we were both blown away by the flavor, and the freshness. It was so fresh-tasting! Very highly recommend it!
I love Tequilas (and tequila)! I'm a firm believer that high end Mexican restaurants are never as good (or worth the prices) as your local $2 taco spot but Tequilas is the exception. This is so far my favorite upscale Mexican spot in the city. 

Ambiance and Service:
Tequilas is surprisingly spacious and has multiple dining tables and a full bar. A reservation is still recommended though. It has a nice ambiance with unique decor and the space is dimly lit. 

Service is top notch. Our waiter was fast, attentive and polite. One of the best service I've had in the city.

Food and Drinks:
The menu has plenty of options and offers some unique dishes.

They get extra bonus points for offering complimentary chips and salsa considering many upscale Mexican restaurants would charge extra. The chips are just how I like them, thick and crunchy! The chips also come with a generous amount of pico (which was very good) and a spicy sauce. 

For the entree, I ordered the Carne Asada a la Tampiquena. It was delightful and the portion size was more than enough. Their website says, "artwork you can taste" and that's exactly it. I almost felt bad for eating it because the presentation was so nice. 

Saving the best for last, the margaritas! Best margaritas I've had in the city. I prefer flavored margaritas so I was pleased that they had my two favorite flavors, mango and strawberry. Both were delicious but I'd recommend the strawberry margarita over the mango.
It's been a while since I've been to Tequilas, with the pandemic locked down and since I started working in the burbs. When I was in workin in city this place was  my first choice for special Client /team work dinners and hanging with friends after work.  My BFF wanted to take me out for my post birthday  celebration for dinner so I booked  reservation on RESY ( so easy BTW , love the app but wish for points like me Open Table). I was so excited  now that the bar is open and the restaurant has opened inside to 50%. Eating outside had been an option for a while. They built genius comfy booths on the street, however the exquisite decorated ambiance  was what I yearned for after eating take out for so long. I was looking forward to what I remembered the delicious and beautiful food, high quality tequila drinks, stellar service, friendly staff and cool ambiance of the restaurant.
When we arrived we were greeted by a charismatic friendly host at the door. The restaurant inside was buzzing with a vibrant vibe as we walked past the bar and tables. We sat at a 2 seater against the window overlooking the street and alley. Very cool city view to people watch as people walked through the alley walking their cute dogs. A kind man waived at us and lifted his little dog to the window so we could see him and say HI. My friend captured a pic. What a touching experience and memory. 
Our server came to our table right away after we were seated end was super helpful in describing the margaritas and other drinks. My friend went for the traditional margarita on the rocks and I got the red sangria . The sangria was excellent! Lots of fresh fruit and I could taste the infusion of fruit juices. 
Next we had the queso dip with chorizo ( my fave in the past) Yummy as I had it before!  And for the signature entree : The molcajete beef. Super comfort with bubbling suave of chilled and spices and tender beef in a large mortar bowl. Just as I remember fro the past dinners. Rice and beans beautifully presented on the side. And...blue tortillas! The highlight... blue tortillas! So delicious! 
After eating the delicious food I wish I had room for desert- Tres leches cake is epic as I remember. Next time for sure.

We were looking for a post dinner hang out and decide to hang at the bar. Why not as the gorgeous crystal chandelier was illuminating and the decor took us back to being in a fancy palace. The  bartender was so friendly and made us feel so welcomed. My friend is a Spanish teacher who lived in Mexico and enjoyed conversation with the wait staff as they were picking up drinks . The jalapeño margarita is the bomb! My friend had a palamo grapefruit tequila. 
She is Spanish teacher and also loves Mexican and Latin cuisine and she enjoyed conversation with the staff as they were picking up their drink orders 
Way at a wonderful experience! We will be back soon!
My cousin decided to have a group of friends at Tequilas for dinner for his 31st birthday before heading out to a few Center City bars.  Truthfully, I've probably walked past this place dozens of times in Rittenhouse without noticing it.  We had to park a few blocks away because it is Rittenhouse afterall.  

When we entered there were two young women at the hostess stand who looked bored and not exactly welcoming,  but we let them know that we were waiting for my cousin, and we were led inside to a decent bar area.

The style is straight out of Colonial Mexico with nice accents like woodcarvings on the entryways.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant.  Our seats were half-booth and half-chairs.  It was kind of a pain for those of us who were seated eight-across on the booth side.  

We ordered specialty guacamole for some of our appetizers.  The bacon guacamole and a crabmeat guacamole were delicious.    I thought my dinner entrée, Shrimp Wrapped Bacon Stuffed with Cheese, was too much on the salty side.  I was glad that I had ordered a sweet drink called the Coco Loco (coconut infused siembra azul tequila blanco, canton ginger liquor, pineapple juice, sugar cane syrup and fresh lime juice) to balance out my salty dinner.  I also got to try the Short Rib (siembra azul blanco infused with jalapeño, fresh lime juice, and pomegranate molasses).  This drink is really good if you like a spicy cocktail!

The servers were very friendly and attentive even with our large party.  I think the best things about this place were the decor and the servers.  When I come back it will be for the guacamole and the Short Rib cocktail.
Yummmmmm. Love this place. Mex food is just too good and place inside is nice and cute. Def try!
Disappointing experience - and 3 stars is generous in my opinion. Why round up? Because this (return) visit follows a solid happy hour experience a few weeks back. So I was excited to return, and bring my friend from out of town who happens to LOVE Mexican food and tequila - perfect spot to take him, right? We made a reservation for 5:30 (early dinner) and were sat at a table near the bar. We ordered drinks (rose marg is good, beer options are not spectacular) and then got to business on the menu. My friends and I had a large lunch, and it was still fairly early, so we were looking for something a bit on the lighter side. Nearly all the entree options were either heavy meat-based and/or spicy, neither of which we were interested in. So we looked through the rest of the menu, and found a few palatable options for us on the app/soup/salad side of the menu. We went with what we wanted and sounded good, not what the restaurant classifies as a starter vs. an entree. I want to stress this was not to be "cheap" - we're talking 5-10$ differences between plates. So we all end up ordering a ~15$ plate each, and the waiter stops, looks concerns, and then tells us they only seat tables for "dinner"...ie they want you to order an entree. First off, I'm the customer and you're lucky I'm in the restaurant as a paying patron and brought a party of 3. Second, how dare you tell me how much food I'm expected to order/consume. So after this awkward exchange, the waiter goes to check whether we can stay at our table or not. He comes back pleased to let us know it's okay to continue with our meal (wow thanks). Mind you, it's 5:30 and the restaurant is nearly empty...

Anyways, the food comes out, and it's a 0/3...didn't taste great, one of our items wasn't correct/as ordered, and the value for what we paid just wasn't there.

But wait, there's more. Another party came in shortly after us and sat at a nearby table - two young women dressed up, seemingly excited for a girls night out. They each ordered a margarita (the main reason most people go to a place called Tequilas anyways), and then next thing I know, they're being MOVED to the bar...I wonder why? Because they too didn't want a giant, heavy entree and had instead opted for apps/salads. I couldn't believe it had happened back to back...and why they had to move, and we didn't? Who knows. Arbitrary rules make for an uncomfortable dining experience. Telling people what they can and cannot order off the menu at a table is downright wrong. 

In my opinion, this place is good for happy hour (albeit limited seating since it's only at the bar) but the buck stops with drinks and apps. After this experience, I don't plan to return/support this restaurant in the future. the experience really set the mood wrong for the dinner and remainder of the evening.
I usually go to tequilas for the excellent happy hour, and by excellent I mean it. The drink specials are great and there area ton of great apps available (recommend the homemade guac). But I have only had dinner here a few times. I'm actually writing this review because my husband and I had dinner there last night and it was amazing and it reminded me to make sure I put in a review. 

We made a last minute reservation and the restaurant was pretty booked but they got us a table. We started with the homemade guacamole (again delicious and comes with amazing pico and spicy salsa). Then my husband had a spicy grilled chicken dish served in a lava plate (see the photo below) it was spicy and delicious and honestly  I had forgotten how amazing the food was until I had it. Highly recommend (the name of the dish was Molcajete De Pollo) I ordered the chicken tortilla soup - it was standard and honestly after tasting the entree my husband got I wish I had ordered more food. 

For dessert we had the chocolate mousse cake. It was also great. 

Also solid plus if you enjoy mezcal they have a great menu of them and highly recommend.
I've been to Tequilas twice now and both times have had a great experience from start to finish. The staff are so friendly and funny and they really interact with you. We were most recently here for a bachelorette party and that did not go unnoticed. They even brought the bride a free shot and sang her a song. Great service all around. 

The margaritas here are THE BEST. So fresh and perfectly sweet. Get the large pitcher and they just keep flowing. The food is delicious too. They bring complementary chips and homemade salsa. We ordered a couple of things to share - queso fundido, shrimp civiche, enchiladas playa, Chile rellenos, and molcajete de pollo. Everything was delicious and I would definitely get it all again. Fresh ingredients, great seasoning, super flavorful.
A classier Mexican place than you're probably used to. With prices to match. However, it is a smarter choice for restaurant week, because it draws smaller crowds but their three course set menu keeps great options. If you have the ceviche and mar y terra, you won't regret it.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Here's the thing, there is no better happy hour place in this city with cooler drinks as specials in Philly :) I got this spicy drink called the South Of The Rio and it was pretty amazing.  Super tasty with the complimentary chips and salsa we received.  Yes, complimentary.  I ordered the trio de tacos (tilapia, shrimp, and octopus) and they were splendid (they used corn tortillas). On other occasions I have been here for dinner and my experience has been the same, friendly staff, amazing food (please get guac, if you don't, you must really hate yourself), and delicious drinks. 

The atmosphere is great here too! There are a lot of regulars because the bartenders are friendly, inviting, and shake the drinks up while also dancing (who wouldn't want to chat them up after that?).  The waitstaff is just as nice and actually pretty talented.  I saw one gentleman carrying 8 drinks on a tray on his head.  How COOL!  Finally, the restaurant is not too loud, so I was able to have a wonderful convo with my friend without screaming.  

If you are looking for a casual or fancy night out, some of Philly's best Mexican cuisine, delicious and adventurous drinks, and courteous waitstaff, then Tequilas is your place!
This place was decent. I took my family out for restaurant week. We did the outside seating, which I thought felt very comfortable and cozy. We all ordered margaritas to start off; mine being the Rosa Margarita. Looked so pretty. If you enjoy margaritas this one will feel refreshing. 

The staff wore masks and gloves at all times. The waiter was friendly and answered all of our questions, patiently. Based on what I ordered, the taquitos (starter) and flan (dessert) were my favorite dishes from the menu. However, it seemed like the steak was the most popular dish, based on the waiters recommendation, so I suggest ordering that. I was also able to taste some from my my aunts plate and it was very delicious, in my humble opinion. 

I took a look inside the restaurant when I went to the bathroom (which was very clean) and it was super cute. They create a nice Mexican-style vibe with aesthetics and music. 

Solid spot, thought I wasn't entirely crazy about the food. Give it a try because it just might be for you.
The staff and decor were top notch! Very attentive and friendly. The bartenders were great too. 

The food on the other hand was less than I expected for the price. You can easily tell that the food was not made to order, but was previously frozen as the food was lukewarm when received. Disappointed for sure.
I'm surprised to see the 3.5 star rating considering this is one of the few amazing authentic Mexican restaurants I've been to in Philly & the surrounding burbs, and I venture to a new one each week (after living in OK/TX for 31 years, I need my weekly Mexican food fix!).

"Upscale authentic Mexican food with strong drinks" is the perfect description. Reservations are highly recommended; it was definitely full during our 6:30pm Saturday night visit. It's best to take an Uber as there was no valet available and street parking is limited. 

The food was flavored well, and the portions were great. The carne asada was a generous serving of juicy meat and came with a small tamale, small chicken taco, rice, and beans as the sides. The entrees sound like a lot of food just by reading the menu, but everything is portioned smaller than your usual hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant and still plenty filling. The two guys at our table are foodies and felt full after dinner, no dessert needed. 

Most entrees are around $25, and drinks are $12+. The "lean" margarita, which is the same as a skinny margarita, was delicious and strong. The tequila list is extensive, and they also have fun cocktails and wine. You can review everything on their website first too. 

The guacamole appetizer served in a classic molcajete was perfect for 5 people to share. They had a mango/cucumber/crabmeat guac, but we chose the regular version. It didn't have lime in it, which I loved because guac tastes much fresher and more delicious without lime. They also brought us unlimited chips, salsa, and pico, all of which tasted freshly made and again...flavorful! It's common to get bland pico at restaurants, but not here.

The ambiance felt upscale with the dark wood architecture, white tablecloths, low lighting, candles, and nice Mexican decor. Even our plates were authentic Mexican, thick ceramic with different designs, served with blown glass drink tumblers for water.  

Our waiter was nice, knowledgeable, and always attentive. 

I highly recommend this place for a date night or place to take friends/family for a unique, fun, but classy experience without spending $50 on food alone like at a steakhouse!
Came to Tequila's on a RAINY Saturday night. 
Loved to atmosphere, and energy. 
We started with their traditional Margs, and guac...both were near perfect. 
The salsa verde and pico de gallo that came with the chips was a nice touch. 
I got The Pescado al Mango; which was a grilled fish of the day, butterflied, with guacamole on the inside and a ginger mango sauce over the top. It also came with a sweet potato puree and arroz verde. 
Beautiful presentation, and everything was AMAZING. 


My new favorite mexican restaurant in Philly.
We went here for restaurant week pre-pandemic and had to order again! We got takeout and the service was phenomenal- everyone was so kind and welcoming when we picked it up. The food is delicious and you get so much for what you pay. I started with the taquitos de pollo which were nice and crispy and came with a phenomenal sauce. The mar y tierra comes with steak, shrimp, rice, and beans. I had this in person a couple of years back and it was so good I had to order it again. So flavorful and filling! The flan was perfect, and my friends had nothing but great things to say about the tres leches! If ever I am in Philly again, I will have to eat here. Tequilas definitely gets my south Texas stamp of approval.
This place was so good! I don't eat a lot of Mexican food, so I've really only had "Mexican" like Qdoba, Chipotle, MadMex, Don Pablos (aka crap Mexican food). 

Tequilas seemed pretty darn authentic and upscale! I came in for dinner and I got the Martguerita Roja, it was pretty good! The waiters carry the drink on their HEADS! I will be honest, I was so scared he would spill the drinks. But amazingly, he was able to balance multiple drinks on a tray...on his head AND twist his head so that the drinks swiveled to the front -- AH!

The FRESH guac was really good, it's a bit pricey at $8, but it's really fresh, a little Mexican lady was making it to order at the guac bar/island. Their salsa and pico were also really good. Their chips were awesome. 
The service is great, the food is super yummy and the best Mexican food I've had so far, so I'd definitely come back again!
Their food is amazing, and if you go during Happy Hour, the prices aren't bad too! It loses a star from me because without Happy Hour, it is a bit expensive.

I can't vouch if it's authentic or not, as I don't have that much experience with Mexican food, but I can tell you that the food I tried - Chicken Enchiladas and Taquitos were amazing. The red sauce on top was fantastic and I want to cover everything in that sauce. 

We sat at the bar and the service was pretty good, although the bartender didn't know which beers were on tap when I asked.
I rarely ever rate restaurant 5 stars. But this place deserves every last star. If you want an authentic Mexican dining experience and have a great experience at the same time this is the place for you!

My gf and I went for a nice dinner out, and this is exactly what it was, a very nice dinner out. I have always found it difficult to pair the feelings of wanting a nice dinner and craving Mexican at the same time. Unfortunately one of these has to suffer for the other to prevail. Not here. At Tequilas you are provided with a very romantic atmosphere while enjoying some great authentic Mexican dishes. 

We started off with the Oysters and Guacamole. Now these are two separate appetizers, not a combination. The oysters were covered in multiple different styles. One with a mix of bacon and the others with mix of garlic. They were all done on the half shell and each were exceptionally fresh. The guacamole was equally to die for. They do not have guacamole on the menu, which we found odd (as we are huge fans) but that night they were running specials. They were preparing it fresh at its own station. We ordered the crab guacamole and it was as fresh as all of the ingredients looked. 

The margaritas were absolutely amazing as well. We ordered the regular and they didn't require any sort of flavoring. I myself am not a tequila fan, and never have been. And oddly enough the margaritas tasted like tequila but they were made in such a way that the tequila wasn't even a concern. If anything it enhanced the taste. Unfortunately I am not a mixologist so I cant be any more descriptive other than to say whatever they did was amazing. 

As for entrees I ordered the carne asada and she ordered the shrimp, crab and lobster enchilada. My carne asade was amazing. The beef was cooked just right and it came with a chicken taco on the side which melted with each bite as well as a side of refried beans, guacamole and rice. They also brought out tortilla shells that were amazing. Her meal was exactly as described. An enchilada with crab, lobster and shrimp. I had a few bites myself and for as delicious as my meal was, I was extremely jealous of her meal. The fish in her meal felt like we were eating on a wharf somewhere in New England. It was so fresh and so delicious. 

To top it all off our server was amazing at his job. His name was Juan, and if you are the lucky one to be sitting at his table you should be equally as happy. He was extremely accommodating in every possible way. Made recommendations, constantly checked on us, and treated us like his family and not just two passer by's.

Overall if you enjoy Mexican you must try this place. It is not your typical tex-mex location (as I am accustomed to). It is authentic Mexican dishes that will blow you away. Both my date and I walked out of there not being able to eat another bite.
Sub-par.  Service is horrible, chips are stale, food lacks spice.  The space is nice, if you're going for ambiance.  But don't expect much beyond.  FYI - drinks are weak...stick to sangria/wine/etc.
