Food: 4.5 Out of 5 

Ordered the Terakawa ramen, karaage chicken, and hot green tea. Ramen's broth was rich and nicely balanced with shreds to ginger to give your palate a refreshing break. Hard boil egg with the ramen was prepared properly and cooked to perfection. Karaage chicken was on point. I knew it was battered and cooked in house. Batter nice and light and not soggy like frozen and flash fried chicken as with some other places. Lastly green tea prepared properly with actual tea leaves and the brush to mix with hot water as they do traditionally, not a bag of processed bottom of the barrel tea. 

Service: Normal for a Japanese restaurant, enough to get the customer what they needed. No extra frills. 

Environment: COVID 2021 precautions were taken. Social distancing signs and staff with masks on. Questionnaire provided to each client, but who knows who actually takes these seriously in May 2021. Neat and simple decor as the Japanese like it. 

Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
Quality food. I'd say this place can compete with amazing restaurants of the same caliber in NYC, SF, and friend's home cooking. Not too busy on a Tuesday at 8pm. Prices are reflected of where the restaurant is situated, University City.
I was craving ramen and was in the West philly area so decided to come here after reading reviews. For a Tuesday night it was pretty packed, which showed how good it was. I started off with Karaage chicken which was flavorful and you can really taste the ginger juice marinade. It was also really crispy which I always love. I then ordered the shoyu ramen with chicken which tasted great, the broth was flavorful. For my own taste, I did have to had some spice cause it was mild for me. The only thing I didn't like was having to share the seasonings on the table with the table next to me and we were practically on top of our neighboring diners.
This new location is located right at the heart of University City (The other location is in Chinatown.) This place is so much closer to my house as well as my work place, so I was super excited when I first saw it open.
This place is a lot more spacious compared to the one in Chinatown, and also less crowded. However, Im sure it'll get busier when everyone finds out.

I ordered a fried sausage for an appetizer and a spicy ramen soup.
The fried sausage was alright. It tasted like most sausages that I'd tasted. I wasn't too impressed.
The spicy ramen was pretty much identical with the one at Chinatown (which I liked a lot) Presentation was beautiful.
Ramen was topped off with some marinated pork belly, marinated egg, kimchi pickles, dried mushrooms, and scallions. Broth was savory and delicious. Ramen was thin but chewy enough to absorb all the flavor from the broth. Pork belly was super tender and juicy. It's not dried at all which I enjoyed a lot!
I can see a big improvement in customer service. Servers are friendlier. I really appreciated that. Oh parking can be challenging. However, you might find a spot on the street just like I did. Tell me about your experience at Tarakawa, and please let me know what's your favorite ramen restaurant, so I can try it too :)
Great ramen here and a nice space too. Service was friendly. For parents, there are no high chairs here but there are at the Chinatown location.
Miso ramen is my favorite. Love the flavor of the broth and noodles. My kid loves this place. I like to get the less salty broth though.
Food always comes out quickly. Overall, a great place to stop for ramen (or seaweed salad)
Similar enough to the original in Chinatown. The menu and prices are similar (identical)? The space is more roomy and more modern and the ramen itself tasted pretty damn good. I don't really notice a difference in broth between this location and original as others have mentioned.

We came here at 11:30 on a weekday and it was empty, by the time noon rolled around the place was completely full and people started waiting. Definitely the spot for ramen in West Philly.. don't even consider Ramen Bar... I've gone there once like four years ago and never had an urge to return. This place I will definitely be back to.
My husband and I went to Terakawa Ramen on a cold and rainy day. We usually look to Pho on these kinds of days but were really in the mood for a broth with deeper flavors. We went on a Sunday and were forced to pay for parking. Also something to note, there is construction across the street that takes up several parking spots. Once inside we warmed up quite a bit. The orders are taken quickly-- something I was pleased with because I was really hungry. We ordered steamed chicken buns, seaweed salad, tan tan ramen with ground chicken and shoyu ramen with chicken; with water and green tea as our drinks. The seaweed salad and our drinks came out immediately. The salad was much smaller than we had hoped but seemed fresh and delicious. The steamed buns came out second. This was our first time ordering them because they are typically pork only (I don't eat pork)...we were excited to try these chicken buns. I will say we did not really enjoy them, sadly. Unsure if it were the tomato or the sauces that turned us off. The two ramen dishes came out next. There was not much of a wait for the food at this place which is awesome. We enjoyed our ramen very much. The tan tan was almost nutty and pretty spicy-- soooo flavorful. The Shoyu was more traditional and had a boiled egg, mushrooms, chicken breast, etc. We've been to the Terakawa in Chinatown but we're so happy that this one is close by! Also, I'm unsure if the one in Chinatown has so many chicken options. We will be back. Not really for any of the appetizers but certainly for the ramen.
This is not the first time that I went to Terakawa Ramen I've been to both locations but this is the first time that I got my usual in mayu Ramen, And I wasn't even able to eat it all because there was no flavor whatsoever in the Ramen. If I could give this review 0 star I would've. I hope that the staff members actually read this and fix their mistake.
After trying ramen on the West Coast, I came back to Philly with a hunger for noodles that only tonkatsu could satisfy! Came in alone and they conveniently have seats for one right up against where they cook the food, which I thought was pretty cool and something I heard they have in Japan. There are a couple of ramen places in UCity, but this restaurant brings some flavor that tastes so full bodied. The pork falls apart in your mouth, the noodles are thick, and the garnish doesn't take over the bowl like what happens sometimes with pho. Making it spicy is always a good decision, adding even more flavor and leaving me happily tears-eyed. This place gives you the option of getting a side of chicken curry in a bowl when you order a ramen, so I had to try it! Very thick sauce, super condensed flavor and tender chicken. Definitely my new go-to place for my noodle needs.
Alright, I always love terakawa for as long as I remember but let me tell you about this location and why its awesome! There so many parking available in the are, street parking and also a garage parking. If you want free parking well.... of course you will park a few block further away for that but there always available street and garage parking. The decoration in the restaurant is nice!!! I love it and it makes me feel like I am taking pride in eating ramen for some reason. 

Alright food: I always get the spicy ramen because I just love the spicy ramen from the original location. The spicy ramen at this particular location is by far the bomb diggidy! You have you try it!!! The braised pork is so freaking soft I swear you think it is melting on your tongue! The broth taste amazing and addicting! And the way they prepare their noodle is just right! Not too soft and not too hard, just freaking right! I definitely will be coming back here again!
I've gone to Terakawa a handful of times now and it has yet to disappoint. My recent visit pushed me to review on Yelp and leave a whopping 5 out of 5 stars! Why you ask? Keep reading and you'll get your answer!

[Food]
The ramen here is delicious. Both the miso and shoyu broths are amazing. Clean yet full. They give the perfect amount of noodles and toppings -- You'll leave full and happy, for sure. My sister loves the pork buns! As a recent vegan, I was worried this place would have no options for me. Thankfully, I was proven wrong! I got the veggie ramen without egg. The waiter helped me swap the egg noodles for wheat. He caught on pretty quick that I was a vegan, which I thoroughly appreciated and was impressed by.

[Atmosphere]
I love the look of this place. Very modern! You'll feel as if you're in Japan at a standard ramen bar. Plenty of seating and even a hanger for your hefty coats.

[Service]
A+! Everyone keeps busy, accommodating to the need of guests. Every single worker knows what he/she is doing. They're not only efficient, but friendly and patient as well.
Definitely a welcome addition to university city. Compared to its ramen competitors in the area it's definitely the best. Service was fast, food was great, and the atmosphere is lively and filled with college students. It just opened recently so there are a couple kinks they're working through - water dripping from the ceiling, right at my seat, initial confusion amongst the waiters about seating. I'm sure they'll work through it. 

Now compared to the Terakawa in Chinatown, which I've been to like forty times in my two years in Philly, it's comparable but not as good. The dish looks the same and tastes almost as good but the reason I kept coming back to the original Terakawa was the quality of the noodles - they were firmer than most and didn't remind me of soft packaged ramen. This ramen did seem to be handmade but it was too soft for me, resembling the Ramen Bar noodles. I would definitely come back to Ucity but if the option is there, I would opt for Chinatown. (Although one nice thing about the Ucity location is that it's slightly bigger)
I had to come here to try the pork tan tan ramen with corn. 

I'll have to come back to try additional apps and ramen but this was great for a cold day.  Good amount of meat and corn to complement the noodles.  

Place seems packed but you'd have to walk in to confirm if you can get a seat.  I made the initial mistake of just waiting in the vestibule assuming there was a wait since people in front of me said there was only to see other people walk in and get seated lol. 

Once I walked in I got sat right away.  Friendly quick service.  I got the spicy ramen to go and will have to see how it is but am looking forward to heading back although many other noodles shops to try but this is a good baseline spot
Never actually dined in at Terakawa, but over the course of the pandemic, my boyfriend and I have ordered ramen multiple times for take out. Perfect for those rainy days and soup weather. I'd definitely recommend calling to place an order - only takes about 10-15 minutes before it's ready for pickup!

We always get their Terakawa Signature Ramen and I recently tried their chicken cutlet curry platter. For the signature ramen, I love their broth, seasoned egg, and charshu - and sometimes I'll even order an additional boiled egg. For the chicken cutlet curry, I wished the curry came with other elements like potatoes, carrots, etc. but overall it's pretty good. I've also gotten their pork buns a couple times and I'd definitely recommend getting them with the soft buns instead of crispy. Such a nice contrast with the pork and crunchiness of the cucumbers and lettuce!

Can't wait to explore more of their menu and continue to order my go-to Terakawa dishes!
Decided to try this " new " spot out because I didn't want frostbite, and If i didn't pick a restaurant quick- I think my thumbs would have left me. The service is great here with reasonable prices for lunch ( 11-17$)! If you just want some quick soup or something on the go, this is your place!

However overall, the cutlets we ordered were very blan and didn't taste like anything you couldn't make yourself( or microwave ). I would say it's a restaurant you could pass on- there's definitely other Asian restaurants in the area that give you a better bang for your buck!
Terakawa in University City has improved significantly since it first opened. Maybe it's because winter is here and the demand for good soup is high, but there's no need to venture to Philadelphia's Chinatown when you have great ramen sitting here in your backyard! 

Now that Ramen Bar is closed, Terakawa is truly the only ramen place in the area. My favorite is the Tan Tan ramen with ground pork (you can choose between pork and chicken). Beware that it's spicy - even though you tough guys probably think it's doable, after drinking a whole bowl of that spicy broth your throat may start to burn a little. I recently ventured off the ramen section and decided to try their udon which was silky smooth. Fish broth with pork complemented each other quite well surprisingly so give it a shot if you're looking for a calmer, less salty broth compared to shoyu or miso. IMO, Terakawa's miso broth is more flavorful than their shoyu. All reasonably priced and their service is very quick. Coming on your 1 hour lunch break is definitely doable on the weekdays. Also note that I came on a Sunday around 1-2 pm and the place was packed so don't count the weekends out.
A day of discovery is always a special day.

When you live near or visit the larger cities of America there are always hidden gems that cause AH HA moments.   This Sunday was filled with them even though my promise to take the filled car to Chinatown did not work out.  

University City in Philly offers diners an array of Asian options but on this day as I kept asking the elder in the car if Ramen would work ... the reply was "what's Ramen?"  I took that for a yes.

So, you need to know that if you are still amongst those locked in on the cheap dried grocery packages that are the staple of college dorm rooms this amazing RAMEN restaurant will literally blow you away with deliciousness that is prepared within view (Gotta love open kitchens that allow diners to see the meal's puzzle put together into a delicious finished product.).

Delicious ... most definitely ... bargain priced well not quite like the dried stuff but this is a truly affordable dining location for a great meal.  The options that are on the menu allow the faint of heart and nervous nellies to even use spoons and forks (Ugh, we had two in our group deferring on the sticks.).  The owners obviously have learned though the years that mass appeal while offering targeted specialities works the best.

This restaurant is a tight fit.  I can imagine on a busy day how elbows bump into strangers while bringing the delicious food to its destination.   Clean and neat with just the right amount of carefully set out condiments on the table.  OH my the roasted garlic ... I could have finished the bowl myself and I think half of us at the table could have as well.  The sesame seed dispensers challenged us at first but again first rate.

The service was helpful, friendly, and attentive!

If you are in University City ... if you can find a parking spot ... check to see if there is a line because if there isn't then you need to head straight in and ask for the ramen that appeals to you.  Don't worry, you'll return and get another choice on another day!
Have eaten at terakawa for a while (before pandemic) and they've always provided a delicious meal. Their quality, flavors are always consistent. Their ramen and rice balls remind me of Japan. their pork buns are also delicious
3.9/5

The ramen was enjoyable but not amazing or particularly memorable. A good spot for students, and a lively ambiance.
Quite an exquisite and pleasant experience!
Located on 40th toward the corner of walnut street opposite the fresh grocer at university city.
This restaurant complies with proper safety regulations during this uncertain times....
I ordered the veggie miso ramen extra 
spicy- quite delicious, healthy and affordable.  
The lady who took my order was extremely polite and attentive even though I ordered a take away order.. will visit again in the near future.
With Ramen Bar as its only comparison, I found Terakawa a good alternative.

I see that some people are penalizing this location for a more watered down broth, but I found that I liked the broth since it was not as overly salty/strong as some other ramen stores. 

The service is really nice - they are very attentive and walk around the tables a lot. There are a lot of condiments on the table for one to use. I got the miso and the shoyu ramen, and both were decent. I think the noodles get slightly bland, but everything else about the ramen is fine.

I think it was cash only for the first time I came but not the second; it might be a problem with their machine.

EDIT: GET THE RICE BOWLS
The same as the other Terakawa. Same menu food was the same. Place is much cleaner and bigger though. Didn't have to wait and service was fast. 

The miso ramen had like strong pineapple vibes to me which was interesting. The curry is super good here, not too overpowering. We got shrimp tempura too but it came out all limp and kinda soggy which was pretty weak. 

Still a good spot it's right next to the movie theater so finally there's a good dinner place before a movie
I took a walk around where I was staying in search of Ramen. Luckily only a few blocks from my hotel was this place. I walked in shortly after 7pm on a Friday night. Sat down almost immediately. 

This place is speedy. By that I mean, as soon as someone is done, it's cleaned and ready. As soon as you're sat, you're helped. I tried their signature dish, Terakawa Ramen (Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork (charshu), bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg).

To be honest it was, ok. Nothing great, but nothing bad. It did its purpose. Filled me up my belly and helped defrost me.
I had their Signature Ramen and was not impressed.  It was small in portion and very salty. The meat was okay and the broth too salty to drink. They must use a ton of MSG and I could not stop drinking water for the whole night.  Nevertheless, it was inexpensive and did the job filling me up for the night.
I would say that this is one of the best ramen places I've eaten at in Philly. There is always a huge wait at the Chinatown location; but this one is great. The service is fast as well. 

I ordered the signature and it had a little bit of everything. Each of the toppings and soup made the ramen taste so good. I also ordered the pork buns and got the buns fried; but should have probably gotten them steamed. The pork belly was amazing and melts in your mouth.

Everyone should come try this place for sure!
Thanks Terakawa, for bringing good ramen back to University City! 

This location is significantly more spacious than the Chinatown Terakawa, even though the menu is identical. The ramen is solid, and I particularly love that you can customize your order - I always opt for less salt (not just here but at most restaurants). Terakawa also lets you choose what type of noodle (thin straight, wavy egg, medium thick, etc) and the degree of texture in your noodle (I prefer more firm so that it is slightly al dente). One thing my friends have noted is that the portions seem to be somewhat smaller at this location in comparison to Chinatown - I'm not fully convinced of that, but it seems possible given the shape of the bowls. Either ways, it feels like a fitting portion for me.

They have modern Asian decor and gives off a pleasant dining ambiance, with different seating options at tables and at the bar. Terakawa also serves good donkatsu, curry, etc as well, so you don't have to only visit for those ramen cravings. 

All in all, an improvement to prior establishments at that location for sure.
Omg the tonkotsu broth in their signature and mayu ramen is so good -- you can really taste the pork-bone-ness of the stock! The flavor of the pickled ginger adds a nice contrast to the richness. The pork belly slices were so soft and indulgent, but there is some variability with end pieces of pork belly being a bit less tender. It still wasn't tough by any means, but the texture was less luxurious. On the flip side, the end piece was more flavorful because more sides were marinated or charred or something. Both the super soft and the medium soft more flavor pieces were very yum! The texture of the noodles was also perfect, especially when they're fresh! And the portion sizes were excellent! 

We also tried the mini curry rice bowl side add-on. It was tasty, but the size was definitely quite mini (and kind of cute), which ended up being fine since the ramens were so generously sized. We probably wouldn't get the add-on again.

Overall, we had a great soup here and will definitely be back for more soup! :D
I got to say, I'm not thrilled with this place. That being said I've been going to Ramen Bar just down the street for years now and have probably developed an emotional attachment there. But - doesn't mean I don't have evidence. I just didn't find the ramen from Terakawa all that flavorful. The service was incredibly quick and the ambience of the place has more of a fast casual vibe than an actual sit down ramen place that I'm personally more familiar with. The portions are big which is a plus, but idk, seems like a quantity over quality dilemma. Would not go back - would much much rather go to Ramen Bar down the road, where it might be a little pricier but it's definitely tastier and more crafted.
Caveat: this is only for the vegetarian miso ramen at Terakawa. 

I think the Terakawa in Chinatown is a lot better. The broth tasted a little off, and in that moment, I think I preferred Ramen bar from a taste perspective. However, I do feel like when I eat Terakawa, I don't get the MSG-y feeling that I get from Ramen Bar. 

$11-$13 isn't bad either.
Definitely my favorite ramen spot of all time. Its always a mad house in here as well- thats how you know its good! I always get the spicy ramen. Its spicy but not overpowering and full of flavor. Everything tastes fresh as well. Im gonna miss this place when Im not working in the area anymore! The employees are also super nice! If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting for?!
This review is specifically for the Terakawa on 40th st. (not the one on 9th st.). I remember going to the first Terakawa in Chinatown about 1.5 years ago and was super blown away by how good it was. The total customization creates a whole new ramen eating experience. So I was very excited when they decided to open a store in University City so much so I even took my parents here. I was moderately disappointed by a few aspect - the broth was way too salty and we were not offered possible customization. The appetizers were really small portions for its price. My parents who usually like most foods were not a big fan either. I will give it the benefit of the doubt that we came really early (just as it was opening) so maybe it might taste better later (??). I want to give it another chance because many of my friends seem to like it but I really didn't have a good experience.
Terakawa at China town is always crowded and tiny. Although it's more rustic and cozy, this place is more spacious and calm. Food is a tiny bit pricier here but that's alright. The servers are more older. 

Food taste the same as the Chinatown one. 
The tableware are more classy. 

Cons:
*They're new so they'll prob mess up your order. Cause they did with ours, and gave us an extra appetizer by accident.
*Orders take a bit longer because there's only 2-3 chefs in the kitchen. 
*Ramen took twice the waiting time vs CT because ^

4/5
Came for lunch on a Friday. Only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated. Fast & good service 

I ordered the Terakawa Ramen and substituted the noodles for ramen noodles. The food came quickly. Ramen was cooked al dente, soup was very rich, all standard ramen stuff. 

Not the best ramen I've had, but not bad either. Just average. But 4 stars bc good, fast service and great location for university city.
I was staying at UPenn and wanted ramen. Terakawa fit the bill. 

3 people started off with takoyaki, gyoza, and pork buns. The pork buns and takoyaki were the best, but I was wondering why the buns were on the menu. They could've had more pork and I'm pretty sure they're not Japanese. 

I ordered the Terakawa ramen which was pretty good, the broth and the egg were probably my favorite parts. It wasn't too salty and had good flavor. 

It fills up and overall it's pretty cozy. You could wait to get a table or squeeze in to fit.
If I could give zero stars I would definitely do that! I arrived one minute before the store was supposed to open at 11:30. I waited outside and made eye contact with the staff. They were just chatting with each other and made me feel I wasn't even there, despite it being more than five minutes past their supposed opening time! I tried to open the door but the door still locked! I tried to wave my hand to the staff but nobody came out or unlock the door! I am beyond shocked at how lazy and inconsiderate the staff were! I will not be coming back
They finally opened for dine in!

5/5 service. The workers here are always so friendly and attentive.

4.5/5 food. Not the best but the top 5 japanese ramen places in philly! I think they are pretty good for the price and not too salty, unlike some places. 

4/5 ambiance. Just a casual, japanese ramen place you can come with friends or just last minute when you are craving some japanese ramen! It is bright inside with much more seating than the one in Chinatown. The lights kept going on and off when we were there so I did have to take a point off but other than that, it is a very clean and well decorated for casual dining!
One of my favorite spots on Penn's campus, after Ramen Bar closed down :(

The wait time usually isn't bad even during peak dining hours. I have came here 10+ times and the most I have waited was 10 minutes. I have tried most of the items on their menu and my favorites are the chicken donburi and the dan dan ramen. The dan dan ramen is slightly spicy and really good to warm you up on a cold day.
All Terakawa Ramen are equal, but some Terakawa Ramen are more equal than others.

I've been here 4-5 times, and for some inexplicable reason, I just don't think it's as good as the Chinatown location. Maybe it's because there's never a wait here (that's a good thing), or maybe it's because the servers are so much nicer and less in your face (also a good thing), but I'm just so much more partial to the original Chinatown location that I'll only come here if I'm in the area. 

It's still delicious and wonderful though, and I would still highly recommend it.
More of a 3.5 experience but After a marathon of working 12+ hour days, six days a week, I was in major need of some comfort. I wanted to treat myself to some ramen and saw that Terakawa was new to the hood and had some great reviews. So I made my way over there after a long day of work outside in the cold. 

Parking is a little challenging because it's located on crazy busy streets with a lot of traffic. So just FYI. 

It's a pretty intimate setting but pretty traditional seating. I walked in and the restaurant was almost full. Good sign. A server greeted me and took my order. I got the Terakawa, which is their signature ramen and a seaweed salad. With tax and tip $20. Not bad for ramen and appetizer. 

The chashu was soft and there were enough that was satisfying and not too heavy. The broth was good...again, not as creamy as some of the ramens I've had out in California but definitely better than another spot I tried here in Philly.

It's close by, really affordable and decent food. I'd check them out again!
Great ambience, ramen is quite good. Broth is flavorful and noodles are cooked to my liking. Char su is pretty unique, but is a bit (tolerably) dry, which isn't such a big deal because of the soup. The spicy ramen isn't lacking in fire power, which is a common complaint in a lot of spicy ramens. 

The disappointment came in the form of a piece of plastic in the soup. Offered 10% off. If you're not unlucky enough to have one in yours, this is a solid option.
The best ramen place in the area. The pork is superbly made, well flavored and plenty of fat. Broth is solid and the noodles are cooked properly. 

It can get packed in peak times, but service is real quick so you can get in and out quickly. The one in chinatown has a huge line all the time, so if you are dying to try Terakawa, check this location out!
I was pretty excited when I heard Terakawa was coming to 40th Street (between Sansom and Chestnut, across from the Fresh Grocer market). I was also a bit worried if the space will be overrun by Penn students, and if the flavour would be similar to the mother store in Chinatown. 
The space itself seems more open than the Chinatown store, I really like how they designed it. My friend and I went here around 2pm and there were few customers. The waiter wanted to put us right next to existing customers, but the place was pretty open so we asked if we can sit away from other customers. I think the waiter reluctantly allowed us to sit elsewhere. I think generally the service was pretty good, but felt a bit like we were imposing on them when we asked them different things. Maybe it was just that one waiter, I guess we'll see next time if I feel the same. 
I ordered Spicy Ramen, and my friend ordered Vegetarian Ramen with soy sauce broth. My friend liked the Vegetarian Ramen, and I was relieved to taste the Spicy Ramen tasted the same as the mother store. The only disappointing thing was that the broth was not hot, but more on a lukewarm side. Since they opened just last week I'll just give them some time. 
Overall, I was pretty pleased with my lunch today. Also, it is CASH ONLY.
The one on 9th street is better. Which is strange since it's so much more cramped.  This one just didn't hold up to its predecessor. 

It took longer to get the food. It was full of stank ass college kids.
Some of the tastiest ramen I had, HOWEVER, I don't recommend the Terakawa Ramen at all. My friend ordered it and the noodles weren't as good and the broth was extremely salty. I believe it was probably from the broth condensing it's flavor at the end of the day and they didn't add more water. I had the spicy ramen which was very tasty and the noodles were better as well. The kimchi in it was also very good, I would buy a jar of it. The gyoza was fresh and very good as well, not dry at all. Overall good meal, I just wish the classic wasn't so salty to the point of it being inedible.
I'm so glad they opened in University City! The spicy ramen is absolutely delicious. A must try! My friend loved his veggie ramen too. They are very accommodating with food restrictions too!
The ramen was ok but the service was extremely bad. I have been to the Chinatown one and it was pretty good. 

It took the waiter forever to serve the food. We also need to ask again and again for the check. 

If you want to save time, never go to this place
Tasty Japanese ramen! Reading through the reviews, it really came down to this place or the Ramen Bar nearby. I decided to try out Terakawa and it's not bad at all. The broth can get a little salty but you can opt for a non-salty preference when ordering.

The noodles here are tasty and there are a lot of tasty condiments like the fried garlic, hot chili oil, and sesame seeds. Highly recommend!
Fast service. Delicious food. University atmosphere. Table seating was a bit tight, but will definitely be back! Katsu was perfectly breaded and crisp. Curry was flavorful. Must try!
I like this resturant, cozy, bright, and modern. Service is great,  the food is yummy and comforting. I enjoyed the ramen and the seaweed salad, very good! Noodles were al dente, bouncy and filling. Kimchi was crunchy and pickled perfectly, with the right amount of kick, flavorful. 
Looking forward to trying more ramen dishes.
Ive ordered the pork tan tan noodles several times and they are delicious. Noodles and mixing come separate from the broth so the noodles aren't mushy from soaking.  Nice and firm and I add scallions, egg, and roast garlic to it.  Broth is tasty with a nice hint of heat.  Usually one bowl will carry me through lunch and dinner.  I also get the pork gyoza...which while good, not at the level of the tan tan.  Used to get it from the terakawa ramen in town but they've stopped delivering to south phila.  But the university city one delivers on Grubhub
Terakawa in Chinatown is awesome, so the food here is pretty much the same. I had the tan tan ramen which is a thick miso chicken broth with ground pork, and chose to add egg. I enjoyed it a lot just like the one in Chinatown, and I'd want to have their rice dishes like curry or katsu too.

The place is big and their service is fast. Their servers messed up our order as well, like other recent reviewers mentioned. They completely forgot our order of edamame and never filled our water even after we asked. But the whole thing was fast so we just left. Note, they DO take credit card now, not cash only anymore. 

If the owner is reading this, please get baskets under the boxy chairs, for purses and jackets. Those tables have nowhere to put stuff. That would be awesome and just like they do in Japan.
I've been meaning to try this place for a while now because Ramen Bar just doesn't do it for me. I got the pork buns, signature ramen, and mochi ice cream (strawberry & green tea). Everything was 10/10, I have 0 complaints. My ramen expectations were pretty high too, because I had authentic ramen experiences from Japan to compare it to. The prices are extremely fair and the service is quick! I'm definitely going to start coming here more often!
I'm a huge ramen fan and had been to the Chinatown location before they opened this up in UCity. 

Pros/Recs:
- The ramen is better than that of Ramen Bar, the other ramen restaurant on Penn's campus. 
- Though their ramen isn't bad, I actually find that their udon noodle soup is what stands out to me. I've tried all 4 variations and love them all! 

Cons:
- During busy times there can be a bit of a wait for a table. They'll try to sit you at the bar but I personally don't love sitting there.

Tips:
- Take advantage of the seasonings on the table - adding lots of chili oil to my udon noodle soup makes such a great difference
Came in at noon and we were seated right away. First off, the noodle shop is right out of a Japanese film, very charming, and more expansive in all likelihood. Tampopo comes to mind, but nostalgia aside, the meal was good but not memorable, regrettably. Service was fast and our servers cheerful, and we were out of there in 45 minutes. 

The appetizers were hot and portioned generously. Flavorful and filling. We dumped the karaage chicken and gyoza into our ramens for extra gooey-goodness. 

Spicy ramen was a specialty item, but not really special. I wished the  Kimchi came through more to balance out the broth. I really preferred the Mayu, it's definitely lighter, broth is less dense and the red ginger and thin noodles worked well here. For a fast ramen joint, Terakawa has an enormous appeal. I'd like to try the signature dish next.
I had mayo on the menu - its black soup (it was garlic oil I think) was quite impressive.
Food was amazing again as I stopped in for lunch for a second time and I was more pleased this time around ! Maybe one of my new regular spots !
One of my first introductions to Authentic Ramen as a Philadelphia Native. Decor is a must for my overall dining experience and I fell in love with the wall art presented. 
Some my favorite dishes include 
Starters :
1  steamed pork buns are always little pockets of heaven 
2 Takoyaki (Octopus balls with spicy mayo & BBQ sauce)   which melt in your mouth. However octopus still remains chewy inside of the delicious surrounding fried goodness
3 Of course Gyoza a staple 

My Ramen choices are 
1 Signature Ramen. All the best and freshest ingredients  used for this masterpiece 

2 Mayu Ramen. Pork Bone velvety rich broth pulls together all charsu(roasted pork) mayu oil(garlic w leek)

Definitely visit Terakawa when visiting the city or as native who like to frequent Chinatown's amazing food markets
I was planning on having Indian cuisine for my Christmas meal but they decided to close this year so as I crossed the street to plan where I could get a meal, I stumbled upon this Japanese Noodle house! so I went in to look at their menu and decided to try it.  I ordered seaweed salad and Shrimp Tempura Udon. The Udon had lovely seasonal veggies, fresh Udon noodles made offsite, boiled egg in a savory fish broth. Both were delightful! I savored the soup and ate every drop.  The wait staff very friendly. The restaurant cute decor and very clean. Service was quick! I definitely will come back. I want to try the Veggie Ramen!
This is a great place for a cold rainy day, or for some cheap ramen. 

The staff are so friendly and welcoming. Place is very clean. Although some tables were pretty close together (definitely not COVID friendly..) 

The ramen was pretty good! The pork was the best part in the ramen. It was so tender and soft. Everything just melted in my mouth. The broth was hearty, although a little too salty for my liking. We also got takoyaki which were pretty small. And it came out in styrofoam containers :( and I was there for a sit down dinner. 

I would probably go here again if I wanted a quick ramen fix!
We were staying near UPenn for an event and decided to walk over to Terakawa Ramen since it was a little chilly outside. There was luckily no wait for 3 on a Saturday evening when we had arrived. 

Food: 
Takoyaki - Takoyaki was pretty good, but it's hard to mess up. 
Charshu Men (Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork, red ginger and scallions) - I accidentally ordered this item because didn't read the menu super well and thought it was the normal Terakawa ramen but with extra meat. However, to my disappointment, it was only a bowl of ramen with noodles and charshu basically, which I think is a wasted dish. I was very disappointed because the charshu was not even good in my ramen, it was super dry and hard to eat. 
Side of karaage chicken curry - Pretty standard small side of curry with pieces of karaage. 

Not a huge fan of this place, but maybe I would change my mind if I tried another dish. Overall, menu variety seems solid and they seem to pack a lot of people inside. Seems like one of the few ramen restaurants in the University City area.
Oh my gosh, I'm so glad I gave this location another go. The one in Chinatown is my favorite restaurant in all of Philly, so I was super excited when this location opened because it's much closer to home. But when they first opened, they weren't too great with their flavors and I hadn't returned for a long while.

But today, I wanted to give it another go. Ordered off UBEREATS this time for pick up and rushed home to try the food as the scent of the broth teased me the entire way...and they did NOT disappoint!

I got the Kyushu Danji (because I'm greedy AF) and selected the spicy option. The broth was incredibly rich and flavorful. The chashu pork was succulent, juicy, and again flavorful! The epic Terakawa egg that never disappoints hit another home run. I am beyond thrilled! And a little worried for my wallet because this location is so close to home...

That aside, I highly recommend!
My boyfriend and I make it a point whenever we are in Philly or NYC to go get this Ramen! We've tried many Ramen restaurants and take out places and this will forever be our favorite!

I'm unsure how this place is running now with COVID since all my experiences were before, but this ramen is seriously my favorite! The staff is always friendly with us and the food always comes out super fast. Unfortunately, we've never tried any of the appetizers or other foods here because we are always so excited for ramen!! I normally get the Miso or Terakawa Ramen and my boyfriend gets a spicy one. We both never have any complaints and finish our whole bowls.

I cannot stress enough how authentic this food tastes and how delicious it all is! There's a huge bowl with the perfect portion to eat! Each bowl has such fresh ingredients and they are never shy with including enough of everything. Cannot wait to go back!
I was in Philly and looked into some local food recommendations. Came across Terakawa, and was initially a bit skeptical honestly because I've had my fair share of disappointing ramen. I was under the impression that other than Ichiran and Ippudo, good ramen was near impossible to find. 

Terakawa definitely blew me away and exceeded my expectations!! I ordered the Terakawa and there is not a single thing about it that I disliked--the noodles were the perfect texture, the broth was flavorful, the egg and toppings were delicious, there was no weird aftertaste, and I could go on. It was so good, it really was. Worth every dollar of mine. 

I wasn't in the city long enough to go again, but I definitely would have if I had had the time. I'm sad too because there's no Terakawa where I live. I would definitely make it a priority to go again if I'm ever in town!
I love this place! The building it is in has had pretty bad luck. It started out as a sandwich place, then only a chicken sandwich place, and now it is a beautiful busy ramen place. The other ramen place here, Ramen Bar, cannot even compare to this place.

Since I mainly eat chicken (and yes chicken is not a traditional ramen topping), I usually get chicken ramen. The chicken shoyu ramen here is delicious. The chicken is marinated so well that every bite is better than the last. The broth is also so well made and rich with flavor and time. I would maybe ask for 70% salt because it is a bit on the salty side.

As for their other dishes, their takoyaki is amazing as well as the karage chicken. And their chicken cutlet curry (katsu) has some rich curry and pickled ginger that makes the dish so delicious. I come here very often and I hope that you will too.

TLDR: very delicious.
By far the best ramen I've had in University City. The place is always jam-packed, but it's worth the wait. The service is also quick even when the place is full (which it almost always is around dinner time). So far I've only had the tan tan ramen bowl, and it was spicy and delicious. I haven't been to the Chinatown location, but I've only heard great things so I can't wait to give it a try.
Literally my favorite ramen spot in the city. I eat here way too much. I love their Chicken Shoyu Ramen and their Takoyaki. You can count on it being delicious every time.
Place was crowded.

Kyushu Danji Ramen - it took a while to get our food, probably due to the crowd.  This was a solid dish.  It's certainly a big meal.  The wavy noodles were on point and they give a good amount of pork.  Broth tasted good, but wasn't sure what the black specs with in the broth was.  Would I get this dish again?  Was good, but for $16, probably not.

Udon - broth was good but the noodles were over cooked.  It was too mushy. 

Service - it was crowded and people were waiting.  Waited a while for waiter to refill my water, therefore, ended up walking up to waiter to get a refill.  

Would I come back? Probably not.  Food was ok, space was too small, menu selection was small...I prefer Ramen Bar.
Fantastic Ramen! Can't wait to eat in and get it nice and hot. Top 5 in the city so far.
Bottom line: best ramen in the neighborhood but other menu items are not

Food: 
In terms of ramen, the only other comparable restaurant is Ramen Bar, and in both taste and price, I would recommend here - though it has less options for customization. I've been frequenting here ever since it opened, and every time, it has served excellent ramen. 
If it is your first time, I recommend getting the Signature ramen, and branching out from here - you can't go wrong! However note that the broth can be a little bit salty. Tip 1: they will give you hot water instead of cold water when asked for. Tip 2: you can ask for u salted ramen.
Having tasted all ramen options, I've tried other food options - curry and udon. I would not especially recommend these. 

Staff + place:
The staff is courteous, and attentive. They did forget my order once, when I was very hungry during one of their peak time. Since the place is new, it is pretty clean, and I have not heard of any health violations, though I've seen Ramen Bar get some. It does get pretty packed around dinner time, especially on colder months. Be prepared to wait up to 20 minutes at peak time. There is also a bar/like location for you to dine if you are alone
I started coming to Terrakawa regularly after the Ramen Bar at 40th closed and it's been great. Their ramen broth has a very rich and more sophisticated taste. The eggs on the ramen are the best!

- I've tried almost all of their ramen but I prefer the Shoyu ramen the most because it's light. I love getting the mini karaage curry bowl on the side for only $3. 

- The curry platters are good but the meat tends to be a bit tough to chew through, which is why I prefer Ramen Bar's Katsu. But their small curry bowls are a great deal and they're delicious. 

- If you haven't tried donburi before then I'd recommend rehung their Charshu don. The roast pork is cooked very well and perfectly soft. 

- Udon is great and I highly recommend the shrimp tempura udon. 

I also love how you can come in by yourself and ask to be seated at the "bar" in the back so if you want to dine out alone, this is the place to be!
I tried Terakawa a year ago, and their ramen was so good that I want it everytime I come to Philly. 

Came back to it with some friends last month. I thought their signature ramen was already awesome, but we tried their tan tan noodle, and it was unreal! It has the most amazing flavorful broth! 
I got their spicy ramen this time, and asked for extra spicy. It was not as great as tan tan but the spicy level was super satisfying. 

Even though the shop is not big, I love coming here with group. Service is always great here, and dietary restrictions usually can be accommodated here. One of our friends is vegan and he was able to find something he enjoys. Many of their broths and/or noodles have both pork and chicken/veggie options, which open up many more options if you don't eat pork.
Terakawa is a hidden gem with the best ramen near West Philly. Although most of the good Asian food is in Chinatown near center city, terakawa is definitely up there in terms of food quality and taste.

Miso Ramen (regular $11) w extra noodles ($1.75) and mini karaage curry rice bowl ($3):
The miso ramen was a solid choice, perfectly cooked noodles in a deep, rich broth that is amazing for a chilly afternoon/evening. The portion sizes are regular and adding the extra noodles will definitely fill you up. One unique thing is if you order ramen you can order a curry rice bowl side for $3. In retrospect, it might not be completely worth it, but if you were hungry like me at the time it's a deal. 

Overall, terakawa has amazing ramen that I will definitely get many times while I'm in my college years. Nothing beats a hot bowl of ramen on a cold day and terakawa does just the trick. Would highly recommend to anyone who is craving ramen or Asian noodles!
Love the Chinatown location, so had to check out the University City spot and it doesn't disappoint. Fantastic Pork Katsu Don, Pork Cutlet Curry, and Kyushu Danji Ramen. Usually has much less of a wait than the Chinatown location, and staff is just as friendly and attentive.
I'm sitting here about to explode, wondering how Udon and Bao could be so good.  I'm not a soup type of guy, but now i'm a baoliever.  Get their pork!  Second to none!  Best Ramen in the USA!
