For a long time I had the craving for some ramen.  When I was in Philly for a doctor's appointment, I found Terakawa Ramen on Yelp and decided to go.  I am glad that I did. 

Although they are located in Chinatown, I don't think I would have found them just by walking around.  They are a little on the edge of the neighborhood.  So, don't view that as a deterrence.

I ordered their signature ramen dish, and I was able to go there just on my own.  I sat at their "bar."  It was something that I don't think I would have been able to cook on my own, and the prices here were low.

The service was very quick and attentive.  They knew what they were doing.  Everyone seemed to work together.  They were also great at suggesting items to service.   When I finished most of my dish, but I still had broth leftover, they recommended that I order a side of noodles to finish it up with.

I will definitely go again the next time I'm in Philly.
Things to be thankful for in life:
 * Health
 * World Peace
 * Japanese Ramen
 * A spouse who takes ramen as seriously as I do

When the ramen pangs hit, the question isn't if I'll eat ramen, but where. That's how we discovered popular Terakawa Ramen in Philadelphia. It was time. It was time for ramen. I said, it was time for RAMEN!

The namesake version was tempting, but I opted for the Mayu Ramen ($11) with extra Chashu Pork ($3). The Pork Bone Soup is blackened with Mayu Oil (dark Roasted Leeks with crushed Garlic Oil) while the bowl is filled with Bamboo Shoots, Scallions, Red Ginger, Kikurage Mushrooms and a seasoned Boiled Egg. It was oishii and distinctive ... and ramen. I'm a fan. 

As an appetizer, six pieces of Takoyaki (Dashi Octopus Balls) where thick, fresh, and filling. I'd recommend them over the Veggie Croquette. Save a little room at the end for a pair of Mochi Ice Cream. I prefer Green Tea or Red Bean.

Terakawa Ramen is a decent ramen choice for anyone in Philly that takes ramen as seriously as I do.
Terakawa has completely changed how I feel about ramen! This gem on the northeast corner of Chinatown has an extensive ramen menu plus apps, curry, and other traditional Japanese fare. We were served promptly after being seated at the bar area. I got the terakawa signature ramen with pork, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions, and egg- never thought ramen could be this savory and full of texture! The takoyaki was crunchy and flavorful as well. Well deserved 5 stars for Terakawa.
Came here for lunch on a Friday with 2 friends for maybe my ~20th time at Terrakawa. Hands down best ramen in Philly!

It is a tiny restaurant, and so there is usually a wait around dinner time, as they do not take reservations. However, there is usually no or little wait during lunch time! I always get the Tan Tan ramen - every single time! It is the best ramen ever and I really can't explain how good it is without craving it again. It is a spicy miso broth that is topped with minced pork. FYI, you can also get minced chicken as an alternative. It is definitely very spicy!! But sooo delicious and filling. The noodles are cooked to perfection. You can also get an egg on top for an extra dollar or so. For dessert, their mochi icecream is great and refreshing!

Love Terrakawa and will always recommend this place for ramen.
My boyfriend and I were near Chinatown when a hunger pang hit me and I immediately needed to grab some food. We had picked up Terakawa for our meal about a year ago and remembered having enjoyed it so we decided to make that our dinner for the night. We walked in at about 6:45 pm on a Sunday and the place was packed. After the hostess quickly approached us to put our name in, she informed us that it would be about a 30 minute wait for a table. Since 30 minutes was not going to work for us, we asked how long take out would be and she told us just 5-10 minutes. CHA-CHING, sold. Just 7 minutes later, our order consisting of Miso Ramen and Shoyu Ramen was packed and ready to go!

After gulping down my Miso Ramen, I went from hangry to happy... REAL QUICK. It was delicious! Piping hot with a rich and flavorful broth. It came with perfectly cooked pork and a deliciously seasoned boiled egg for some extra flavor (and protein!). I polished the whole bowl down and devoured every bite. 

My boyfriend loved his Shoyu Ramen and said it was some of the best ramen he has ever had. Like me, he also specifically took note of how good and tender the pork was. 

Our incredibly satisfying meal cost us just $20 bucks! 

I would love to return to this place to dine in next time. The restaurant looked relatively small but very upbeat with friendly staff. Until that day shall come and a reservation is made, take out it is! How can you complain with fast service, reasonable prices, and amazing food?!
A semi-traditional ramen shop serving up delicious noodles and appetizers to a never-ending crowd with ruthless efficiency. 

While in Philly, people would not stop recommending Terakawa to me, so I knew to expect a full house no matter when I went - so I headed there for dinner alone. This strategy got me a seat at the counter right away, much to the envious eyes of two other groups already hovering in the narrow doorway. As soon as the hostess signaled my entry, a hearty chorus of "Irasshaimase!" resounded. The energy from the staff seems never to waver from double-shot espresso levels and I think even more so than the food or decor sets the atmosphere for Terakawa. 

Efficiency is definitely a top priority for Terakawa to serve all its adoring fans and I was immediately handed a glass of water and asked for my order. Being my first time, I had to shoo the waitress away for more time to peruse the menu. However, this efficiency does not come at the cost of friendly service. My tea mug was never empty, my tray with its Mayu ramen was politely set down (surprisingly quickly), and someone came regularly to see how I was doing. 

I was pleased to see that (and maybe to the dismay of your grandpa's ramen shop) you can select the saltiness of the ramen and my half-salt Mayu ramen hit exactly the mark I wanted to. I was expecting some thin, chewy slices of chashu soaking inside, but Terakawa is legendary for a reason. Not one, but three ultra-rich, tender hunks of pork. Other ingredients were similarly fresh and delicious. 

My one gripe is that though I enjoyed my ramen and felt completely at home dining alone with other solo ramen-lovers at the counter, I felt the pressure to turn tables breathing ever-so-slightly down my neck. I had to move down a seat when a party of 3 came to sit at the bar. There was always someone watching to see exactly when I finished to whisk my bowl away and hand me the check. While this is great when you're on the other side waiting for a seat, it's less delightful when you're trying to savor the post-ramen bloat. All in all though, I still felt the service was well-intentioned and I would definitely return solo or in a small group for another hearty bowl.
When we entered the door Terakawa Ramen it felt like we were in a noodle shop in Japan. The space is bright with a lot of natural wood. There are counter seats and also table seating. We had a to wait about 5 minutes on a Sunday around 5:30 PM for a table for 3 people. They do turn over the tables pretty quickly here.

For starters we had 2 appetizers. The Shrimp Tempura Shu Mai and the Pork Buns. The Shrimp shu mai was battered with crispy tempura, topped with sesame seeds and drizzled with lightly spiced bean paste sauce. This was excellent and the bean paste sauce had a lot of flavor and just a little spiciness. The Pork Buns were also excellent! I really liked the spicy wasabi mayo. I would order both of these dishes again.

I had the Shoyu Ramen, which was ramen in a light soy sauce and chicken broth with choice of roast pork or chicken, topped with bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, chopped scallions, fish cake and a seasoned boiled egg. This was really good and the broth tasted great but was not over powering. I went with chicken and this was white meat and was tender with a small taste of the soy sauce. The Spicy miso ramen and chicken broth soup with sesame paste, topped with minced pork, bean sprouts and chopped scallions was also very good and had a more powerful taste.

One can easily eat at Terakawa Ramen for under $10.00 per head, they serve great tasting food in a pleasing setting at a reasonable price. Be prepared to wait for a table or seat. When we left around 6:30 there were 10 plus patrons waiting for a table. The word is out on Terakawa Ramen. I'll be back soon too.

Service was great and they do take credit cards. The washrooms were spotless clean. 4.5 yelps.
I'm not a complicated man. Give me a great bowl of ramen and let me be. Not many things in this life make me more giddy :-). My wife? Sure. Maybe one of my kids....the verdict is still out on the other one....

Terakawa Ramen is a lovely Japanese restaurant sat in the heart of Chinatown. The menu is typical to most ramen eateries: Ramen, buns, takoyaki, chicken karaage, etc. But we all know the ramen and boa buns are the star of the show. No need to get fancy, go for what works. An order of pork buns and ramen.

Pork buns - it never ceases to amaze me
how pillowy soft boa buns can be. You really can't go wrong with pork belly and....anything really. I'll admit I do prefer a more "melt in your mouth" pork belly, as this one has a little bite, but this works. 

Miso Ramen - wow, a beautiful HEARTY bowl if must say. Two things take this ramen over the top: the broth and the noodles. Actually, I'm not sure I've had a more perfectly al dente noodle. It's easy to throw a bunch of Ingredients together but a good ramen takes attention to detail and lots of love. The kind of love that feels like a hug to your tastebuds. This is Valentine's Day meets thanksgiving meets your birthday...It hits the soul! 

As far as Covid preventative measures, the pandemic has met its match. Terakawa has dotted all the i's and crossed all the T's. Social distancing, hand sanitizers, masks, and designated wait areas. This is enough to make a CDC official shed a tear lol. 

It's always great to see and compare the different China towns around the country. Chinatown Philly has never came up on my radar, but after Terakawa Ramen, this will be one I won't soon forget.
We enjoyed the food.

Basic, tasty and reasonably priced.

Shrimp Tempura Shu Mai fresh, not heavily breaded. a bit pricey for the portion, however very good.

The Spicy Ramen was nicely seasoned, not over the top spicy although every once in awhile a kicked up spice would hit my pallet. The Hard Boiled egg had a terrific texture. Really good soup.

Charsu Men was reported to be nicely prepared and enjoyed.

Next time I'm on the East Coast, I would absolutely come back for another Bowl of this soup.

Service was also very good.
Had to leave a review as the ramen i got here was quite memorable. 

My family and I went to philly almost like a last minute decision and after all the strolling ended up here for dinner. The place has a good amount of street parking but in case youre out of luck with that they are also close to a parking area which is just walking distance away.

We were told the wait was 30-45mins for 5 people on a sunday afternoon and surprisingly the wait was just exactly the estimated time. Inside, the smell of ramen wafted through the air making me even hungrier. We were seated at a nice spot  where we could also see the busy counter. Service was quick and precise.

The takoyaki was yummy so was the pork bun. Bonito flakes were so thin they swayed as if alive when it was served. My family ordered  gyudon, katsudon and tan tan noodles. All of which are very good but the outstanding one for me was my order of their Terakawa specialty ramen which i substituted for wavy egg noodles. The broth was rich and almost creamy. I made an "mmm" as i sipped it. What a delight on a chilly winter day! The noodles were cooked perfectly and meat was tender. Even the egg was cooked nicely. 

I almost stepped back as i saw the line outside but as other yelpers would agree, the food is worth the wait. Definitely get their ramens!
One of THEEEEE best ramen places in Philly ! I usually go to the original location in Chinatown, but learned recently that there is one in UCity. 

The line is usually out the door especially on the weekends (waits can be an hour long!), but have some easy seating on weekdays. I've dined on both and definitely see why people wait for hour.

I always get the octopus balls - nice steamy and full of flavor. Some saltiness and sweetness combined in a nice fried ball with a surprise piece of octopus in the bites. 

I've tried the spicy miso, the classic pork, and katsu, and all are very authentic! Well, authentic enough (but I am not Japanese!). Broth definitely sits steaming and boiling for a long time for the flavors to mix in such a way where the perfectly cooked ramen soaks up every bit. Can't say nothing more but a must try at least once!!
This is my favorite Ramen joint in Philly. I've been here a couple times and my experiences have always been great. The interior is nicely designed and the bathrooms are clean. The service is better than at most Chinatown locations. 

The chashu-filled onigri appetizer is good, but not very mind-blowing in concept. You get 1 per order and it is served with a side of spicy mayo. The gyoza is also good, but I'm not sure they make it fresh on premises. The pork buns, however, are really good. I usually get them steamed, but last time I went there, I also tried them fried. The fried version had an interesting texture, but they were really heavy and I would probably stick with the steamed ones next time I go there. 

As far as Ramen goes, I've always stuck with the Terakawa (signature) ramen. It is reliably delicious, with a rich, thick broth and plenty of toppings to last until the very last bite. These include roasted pork slices, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg. It's extremely satisfying to have a bowl of Ramen here whether on a cold or rainy day. 

The only downside is that the place is tiny and there is usually a wait. I'll have to go back to try more items and to find out when the least busy time to go there might be.
Source: Amateur ramen chef, worked at a ramen restaurant, probably ate at 50+ ramen restaurants in the past two years (including 10+ in Tokyo).

With ramen, it's all relative. Terakawa gets a 5/5 because this is Philly. 4/5 if we were in Boston or San Diego. 3/5 if we were in New York or SF or Tokyo.

So Philly ain't a great place for ramen, but this is the best you'll get in town. The tonkotsu is my favorite followed by the tantanmen then the spicy miso. I order extra chashu (because their soft and sweet chashu is actually incredible regardless of the city you're in!). I prefer my tonkotsu spicy with medium thick noodles. The gyoza is great too. 

Critiques: The viscosity of the tonkotsu is inconsistent from visit to visit. The shio is uninspired -- it tastes like chicken noodle soup cut with dashi. Also, for the price and throughput, giving just 1/2 an egg is kinda stingy.

Here are my Philly ramen rankings:
1. Terakawa
2. Hiro
3. Cheu
4. Nomnom
5. Ramen Bar
Truth: Terakawa ramen touts itself as a specialty ramen shop that sells a wide variety of ramen types that you cannot otherwise find at other places in Philly.

Reality: Terakawa ramen sells a variety of ramen types that are probably not even available in most of the larger cities such as Washington DC.  However, the key component in ramen is lacking: the broth

Terakawa is located in the Chinatown district of Philly.  It's decor reminds you of a slightly more-modernized version of a ramen shop compared to the traditional ones in Japan.  The selection is quite large with offerings such as the Shoyu, Kyushu Danji, Tan Tan, Miso, and their signature ramen.  I sampled the ramen off of their special selection (Spicy Ramen) which contains a spicy broth with pork, kimchi, kikurage mushrooms, bean sprout, corn and scallions.

The interesting factor about this ramen shop is their claim on using Kyushu noodles which are different from the traditional egg noodles served in most Japanese ramen shops.  It is handmade and cooked al dente.  While it was quite different to what I'm accustomed to, I thought the noodles were the highlight in the ramen.

While the recipe for the broth was fancily described as originating in Kyushu with it being simmered for a period of 2 days prior to serving, I felt the broth was lacking in complexity and flavor that I'm accustomed to from a well made ramen broth from Berkshire pork bone (or other).  One of the most annoying aspects of the spicy ramen was that it was sweetened (and I bet with sugar).  A Japanese ramen shop would never sweeten ramen broth to this extent if they truly felt confident about their broth.  Is this Kyushu style? I don't know.  But perhaps their signature ramen is different and more in tune to what I would normally expect.  While this ramen dish is in much need of improvement, I see glimmer of hope (in particular with the noodles) and would certainly return to try other menu items to determine if they have ramen dishes that are better than the one I tried.
Probably one of the best ramens I have had so far.  Expect to wait for a seat at this place but it's worth especially on a cold day.
As temperatures drop, as many of you, I also tend to lean toward warm and soothing dishes (hello soup, hello ramen). So when Rachel O suggested we go to Terakawa Ramen for Lunch, I was psyched. However, I had to make the difficult choice between ordering Udon or Ramen. I ended up ordering Karaage Chicken Udon, loaded with baby bok choy and scallions. No shortage of flavor there.

Tips:
- BYOB: Always a bonus point.
- Dirt cheap and delicious: Another bonus point.
- Noodle-lover's Eden: Quite possibly the 2nd best Ramen spot in Philadelphia after CHeU noodle bar. 


I get it: There's always a hole in the wall somewhere here in Philadelphia. 
Four and Half Yelps
This is uncontestedly the best ramen in Philly (no debate needed, see the plethora of pictures). However, it is one of my least favorite places to dine at because the wait staff is extremely rude. On multiple occasions, they have rudely tried to clear my plate even though it is quite obvious I have not finished eating yet. They do this to "subtly" hint that you should hurry up to pay and leave. Consequently, I end up chugging half a bowl of broth so that I can leave the unpleasant restaurant ASAP and I have at times endured a stomach ache afterwards (From the chugging). 

That being said, ramen here is obviously the best in Philly. Not sure it is worth the rude service and ensuing digestive discomfort!

Edit: forgot to mention that, much like all my other reviews emphasize, I deliberately dine during off peak hours, so the restaurant was definitely not busy at 2:30 pm on a weekday which is when I was dining.
I had the classic terakawa ramen and it was excellent! Rich, flavorful broth with all the essential ramen ingredients included + perfect texture of noodles and meat, egg, etc. There was also a nice array of complimentary seasonings that came with the table (sesame seed oil, chili pepper spices, fried garlic, etc). I also had the takoyaki balls, which were savory with the delicious sauce and flake toppings. The ramen bowl was also extremely reasonably priced at $9.
Best ramen in Philadelphia?...

Still waiting to try Ramen Bar, but this place was definitely 1000X better than Ramen Boy and 10x better than Nom Nom. 

Comparable with places like Ippudo and Totto in NYC? Nope :/ Satisfying and good enough for a bowl of hot flavorful ramen in Philly? YES!

Do not recommend the pork buns. Not even close to the quality of Ippudo's pork buns
However, do recommend the Takoyaki. It's fried ocotopus dough..Delicious!

Would I come back here? Of course. Before good ramen appeared in Philly, it was always either, "hand-drawn noodles or PHO?!" Now it's, should I eat hand-drawn noodles, pho, or TERAKAWA?!
One of the best ramen places I've been to. Tucked away in an unassuming part of chinatown Philadelphia, there always seems to be a line outside this joint. 

Parking is not easy unfortunately.
My Philly friends told me that Terakawa Ramen was the best in the city, and I believe it. I ordered the signature ramen (pork bone soup broth with roast pork, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg, $11). It comes with the thin straight noodles by default but I chose to swap it out for the medium thick noodles. I was pleased with the chewiness of the medium thick noodles. I heard the egg noodles are also amazing. You get to choose the firmness of your noodles and saltiness of the broth. I went with regular firmness and saltiness for both, but our waitress did note that you can always go more firm and have it cooked longer or choose less salty and increase the saltiness if you are unsure of your preferences (but no going back... ie. you can't uncook noodles or take out salt)! I enjoyed the flavor of the broth, the tender pork, and a seasoned boil egg with ramen is always a winner. It was a pleasant meal from start to finish.

As with most ramen shops, Terakawa is a small place that can fill up quickly. We went for dinner a little after 6pm and there was a short wait for two people (~10-15 minutes). The first time I tried to go, it was about a 1.5 hour wait for three people at 7pm. The staff does an excellent job of keeping things moving to get people in and out as quickly as possible without customers feeling rushed. Check out Terakawa for a tasty meal in Philly!
As someone who is at terakawa enough to nearly be a regular, I find it very disappointing how they've been treating my fiancée and I as customers lately.

Every time we get the check, they hover over our shoulder, have personally stopped us from using our calculator to calculate the tip because it's predetermined for us on the receipt, and then chase us out of the restaurant because she didn't get the tip she THOUGHT she felt entitled to.

Let me put a little insight to this situation: my fiancée and I split the bill and one of us tipped for the both of us, that's just how we do things. After we had already left the restuarant, the waitress comes out shouting, "excuse me," and we turn around thinking, "what did we forget?" And she said "This one tipped, but THAT ONE didn't. Are you going to tip?" We explained to her the scenario and she didn't let up. She asked AGAIN if we'd tip more, out in the streets of chinatown, like a beggar. As if a dollar or two would really hurt her day. As if she's entitled to the money in our wallet. Then the next time we came in, she didn't help us, naturally, but she told her coworker about what happened last time. After we got our check, this new waitress left, we were in the middle of calculating the tip, and she said "You don't need to do that, it's all at the bottom of the receipt, see? The math is done for you."

First of all, thanks for acting like we've never seen a check before, but insulting a customer definitely won't benefit you. Understand this: handing us a bowl of soup, taking it back, not pouring us water, and leaving us until we have to call you for the check does not mean you need an extremely high tip, nor does it mean you really need one at all. It's a privilege to get a tip, not an entitlement. Other countries actually don't even allow for tips to be distributed, so be lucky for every cent you get. Not everyone believes in tipping - for me, it has to be earned, and that's that. Don't chase me out of the restaurant, breathe down my throat, and give me an attitude like the spoiled brat you are. You won't last long if that's the case. Besides, our tip was actually for the only MALE waiter who actually helped us out, not you, girl.

Don't get me wrong, I love the food at Terakawa and one or two rotten employees won't stop us from coming back. Just don't expect tips for nothing from me. My money is not automatically yours just because you do what's in your JOB DESCRIPTION. If every one got tips for doing their jobs, we'd all either be loaded or no one would ever tip again. At least be courteous and don't expect anything from anyone.
Delicious ramen place - it might sound silly but I love the extra toppings/spices they offer on the side. They have dried garlic and other spices that you can add on the table to make your ramen more aromatic. 

I got the signature ramen and my friends got the Mayu Ramen and the Tan Tan spicy ramen. The Tan Tan was good and wasn't too spicy. I feel like you can't go wrong here. I tried all 3 and the Signature Terakawa was my favorite. Not the best ramen place I've tried but still delicious.

You can make reserve online in Yelp! They usually have a wait so I would suggest to use the waitlist online.
AMAZING. This was the first time I've had authentic ramen and I can say that this place was beyond delicious. Fast service and giant portions. I would definitely recommend sticking out the wait, it moves quick and is worth it!!
I don't understand why this place does not have higher reviews. I went with some friends who had it for lunch, and they liked it so much that they wanted to go for dinner again that same day. 

I ordered the Mayu Ramen, which the waitress recommended herself over Terakawa. The mayu was full of delicious goodness. The pork was soft and melts in your mouth. The soup had the right amount of flavor and richness, not too salty. The noodle was the right amount of softness, unlike Nom nom ramen, which  was too soft (I wasn't too impressed with nom nom ramen and probably would not go back to it unless someone else wants to go). Others in my party ordered the Miso Ramen and the Shoyu ramen with chicken base, which they all enjoyed. I also tried a bit of the Miso and Shoyu and thought they were decent. I think the soup for Shoyu was slightly saltier than I would have liked. My favorite was the Mayu.

We also ordered kaarage, pork buns and gyoza. They were all delicious. The gyoza was definitely better than the one at Yakitori boy. It was much more flavorful and the best gyoza I've had in Philly so far.

This has satisfied my ramen craving. I'm so glad this place opened. I will definitely return.
This place is very small and always has a line.  However service is fast and it moves quickly.

We had the black ramen.  It was very flavorful and garlic oil was really interesting.  The karage chicken curry is definitely worth the $3-4 dollar add on.  I would skip the pork belly bowl.  It was very fatty and not worth the cost.  

Overall we had a good time.   The service was fast and restaurant very clean.  However taste wise I think there are better ramen places.
This place always has a pretty long line, but fortunately that time when we came, it was only a 5-minute wait for 2. It's a small Japanese ramen restaurant in Chinatown, with a hole-in-the-wall vibe but they're very popular. There's a row of seats in front of the chefs/servers for solo eaters, and I heard the wait is less because of the higher turnaround time. It seems like a well-oiled machine because the staff is very quick to get your food out and cleaning the tables. Speaking of which, I love the wooden seats, which have a central depression for your buttocks; it's surprisingly comfortable.

In terms of the ramen, it's one of my favorite places. More flavorful than the usual Japanese ramen you would get. This place reminds me of another really good ramen place I went to in Gardena, CA called Shin-Sen-Gumi; also flavorful broth served in similar looking bowls with their restaurant name in both Japanese and English. 

They also have quite a few choices; they all look pretty good. We tried the Terakawa Signature (thin straight noodle, pork bone soup, red ginger, and bamboo shoots) and the Spicy Ramen (wavy egg noodle, pork-chicken-seafood broth, kimchi, and mushroom). It's actually a good combination to try because they're both delicious but complement each other well if you share.

Overall, definitely a must-try. Will come back for other ramen options.
100% some of the best tonkotsu broth I've had, like a hug for the belly and the soul. I've never had ramen in Japan so I can't compare it to the real deal, but I can tell you that this shit is delicious. I got the Terakawa Ramen, which is a tonkotsu broth with tender and fatty (in all the right ways) pork, half of a soft boiled egg, and other goodies. I liked that I could get the less salt option, because if you follow my reviews, that is a common complaint that I have about most of the ramen I eat. The broth was rich and deep (UMAMI), and not overly saturated with salt to make me thirsty for the entire rest of the day. I don't think I've ever had these types of noodles before. They're not as soft and not as eggy as the ramen I'm used to eating.

I got a karaage as an app to appease my inner fatty, and also got to try my coworkers shrimp tempura shu mai. The karaage was crisp and too easy to eat, and the shu mai was unique. Not my favorite but I'm glad my coworker enjoyed them a lot. There wasn't a wait to seat our party of 6 during lunch time, so we were able to get in, get full, and get back to learning!
I didn't think I was going to eat the whole bowl, but before I knew it my spoon was scraping the bottom and all the noodles were gone.

This soup definitely gives pho a run for its money. I got the classic Terakawa Ramen with an extra egg. The broth was rich and perfectly savory, the noodles perfectly springy, and the combination of toppings added just the right amount of texture and interest to the bowl.That extra egg was a solid choice - the yolk was perfectly done to that gooey, just-set consistency that I love. About halfway through the bowl I added some of the seasonings from the table and they kept me going until the soup was gone. The slices of pork belly were so tender and had the ideal balance of meat to fat. I will absolutely come back here for a big steaming bowl of goodness this winter!

My only quibble was with the pork bun appetizer. We shared an order of the steamed pork buns and while the pork and bun were good individually, I did not enjoy the choice of toppings. They had a slice of tomato and shredded lettuce along with some aoili or something and it reminded me too much of a Big Mac. Would definitely have preferred some spicy cabbage slaw and hoisin.
A cute little spot in Chinatown. They have a very small, intimate seating area with an open view of the kitchen. They greet each and every person upon arrival. Everyone from the kitchen and the waitstaff yell at you when you walk through the door. I thought this was a nice and friendly touch. You really feel at home here. I only wanted a small bite to eat, so I just ordered an appetizer. It was the Karaage Chicken ($5). Lightly battered chicken, marinated in ginger juice- served with spicy mayo. The flavors were great in this dish- the chicken was juicy with a crispy exterior and it paired well with the spicy mayo. My only criticism would be the presentation- or lack there of. It seems to have just been thrown on the plate. The service was good, the restaurant was clean... and so I would definitely return and also recommend to a friend.
What I had: Terakawa Ramen (or the "signature" ramen)

My baseline: Keika and Komurasaki. Both are recognized as Kumamoto legacies in Japan.

What I thought: The broth was not what I expected from a Kumamoto ramen. It was the lightest and most subtle broth ever. Better to call it Kumamoto-inspired with American adaptations. Cha-shu (roast pork) was acceptable. Noodles were okay - not much impact and default cooking level (you can choose when you order) was too soft. I will do a bari-kata next time.

Kara-age' mini-donburi with curry was good. This is recommended given its price of $2.
Terakawa is pretty comparable to Ramen Bar in terms of quality and quantity, but it's a bit cheaper. The pork is sliced more thinly (optimal melt-in-your-mouth thickness), in case you dislike the thick-cut pork at Ramen Bar. Also, the brown boiled egg here is much better. 

The menu looks authentically Japanese, very busy with lots of pictures and indecipherable (at least to me) Japanese characters all over the place (in a Japanese version of comic sans, of course). The condiments on the table were authentically Japanese as well: white pepper, chili oil, crunchy garlic, something like dried salmon bits, and sesame seeds. The takoyaki (octopus balls) were delicious. The default ramen noodles were the thin straight white ones, but it looks like you can request the wavy yellow egg noodles, or also something called mid-thick noodles(?). The broths were not overly salty, which I happen to enjoy. 

Forget Nom Nom, this place and Ramen Bar are the best ramen places in Philly. I'd even give this one a slight edge because of the lower prices and authentic Japanese feel.
11.12.16: It's always fun and exciting to go to a ramen joint that is not in California. It's always different. It's located in Chinatown, yup Philly has chinatown. It was cool to walk around and when we made it just as expected, small and not that many seating but because of the decor it felt roomy. 

We had to wait about 15 minutes which was not bad and once seated we were taken care of right away. We didn't really plan to come here it was definitely a spur of the moment. So I ordered their original which is the Terakawa Ramen. The original is similar to anywhere else it has the pork soup with roast pork, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, ginger, scallions and boiled egg. 

It came quick and I was excited to try it. The egg was cooked so perfectly. I like it when it's over medium yolk, not quite solid. It adds flavor to the soup. The soup itself is not thick nor is it oily. It's milder than most pork bone soup I have had but it still has flavor. I really like it alot. I added it was a little bit of spice. I really like the thick pieces of the pork. I thought it was going to be fatty pieces but it was just right for me. Juicy and not salty at all. 

The hubby got the spicy ramen and the flavors were really really good. I was thinking his broth looked really oily but it tasted light. 

My friend had the same broth as me without the veggies and just more meat. Double the meat double the fun! 

I do love the condiments here, love that they have sesame seed, chili oil, sesame oil, fried garlic and chili powder already on the table. I always like to order edamame, so with this I always add a bit of sesame oil and a bit of chili powder. Adds so much flavor to the edamame.  Fried Garlic is the ish, makes the broth tastes that much better. I just love garlic. Great place to go to for satisfying ramen.
Holy Ramen noodles on steroids I say! Every culture has their own version of who is better, or what is better. My way or their way, it almost like a "Who makes the better cheesesteak" battle. The battle or challange would be Ramen against Pho, who would win. I love theses challanges, it is like a scene from "West Side Story" , the Jets vs the Sharks, but its with food!

I believe another yelper debated this, but its is a challange everyone should atleast try. Terakawa Ramen , pretty much set the bench mark on what Ramen should taste like. Oh Boy this  is a great way to start any type of challanges I say. 

My Ramen of choice was called the  "Mayu Ramen" which was pretty interesting and intense.  I chose egg noodles, instead of the rice noodles for this masterpiece . My bowl of perfection I feel is probably the best one , but I could be wrong was simply amazing. 

The Mayu Ramen dish is a pork bone soup, so already I know this is gonna be good. The soup also has dark roasted leek with crushed garlic oil with also a mayu oil,  throw in some bamboo shoots, roast pork , chopped scallions (extra scallions), red ginger, kikurage mushroom and a seasoned boiled egg.  That is what I call ,the bowl of champions. 

If you add some Sriracha along with some other toppings provided to you, you just kicked up another knotch. A delicious,fulfilling bowl of happiness waiting to be slurped up, basically it's your happy ending . 

The service our waitress was on point, making sure we had everything we needed. So the battle will continue between the cultures, because I will continue to enjoy going to both.  So go in and try for yourself, you will not be dissappointed.
Can ramen get any better than this ?   Yummy yummy yummy.   Only this is it is so good you must always wait for a seat .... don't go with a big party .... almost impossible to get seated that way .... the best in Philadelphia
I'm writing this review from Japan! Before I took this trip to Asia, the only ramen I'd ever eaten was from Terakawa. So I was curious to see how it stacked up to the real deal here in Tokyo and Osaka. 

Happy to say that Terakawa's Signature bowl - with that velvety, rich pork bone broth - has without a doubt stood up to some of the fantastic bowls we've had here. It's a good thing, too, since delicious ramen is one thing I'll miss most about Japan. 

Also! If you're interested in venturing away from the standard ramen offerings, the Tan Tan noodles are a fantastic option. My boyfriend (really aptly) described the taste of this miso-based, minced-pork soup as "deconstructed gyoza." Spot on. But you've been warned: it's extreeeeeemely rich. Get ready to call an Uber home because it is nap time after this bowl. 

When I land back in Philly, you can find me slurping away my post-travel depression at Terakawa.
Tbh it hurts giving this only 2 stars cause I legitimately think this is one of the best ramen places (based on affordability + taste) in Philly. However, I just can't get over the terrible customer service.

My friends and I walked in around 2:45 on a weekday, and immediately were seated. So far so good. ((To set some context to this, we had just finished a morning exam, and we were ready. We were more than ready. We were STARVING, since we had not eaten at all that day.)) Anyway, we place our order (3 bowls of ramen, 1 order of gyoza, no modifying orders, nothing fancy, nothing complicated), and wait patiently. 

And wait. And keep waiting. And wait some more. No food. No water refills. This is not exactly a huge place nor was it super busy, so I see everyone else getting their food. Even a table of two in front of us was seated, their orders were taken, and THEIR FOOD ARRIVED, and they LEFT before we even got our food. Around 40 minutes in, my friend (and I tbh) are going from hungry to HANGRY. We're so hungry that we resort to shaking out bits of roasted garlic of its shaker and eating those. We getting side eye from the other waitresses, but no one asks us what's going on or if they could help us.

Finally I flag down another waitress, asking where our order is, as its been at least 45 minutes. She brings over our original waitress, who asks us to repeat our original order. I then watch her go to the back, PUNCH OUR ORDER IN, and proceed to ignore us. Apparently she had never even taken our order. I was fuming. When our food finally came 15 minutes later, our original waitress never even apologized or offered any explanation as to why our food came so late. Actually, she just set the food down and walked away with a total attitude. In fact, another waitress that came and refilled our water apologized to us instead. 

Everyone makes mistakes, and I don't mind a slip up once in awhile, but that waitress failed to own up to her mistake, covered up the fact she never took our order, and gave us attitude and failed to apologize afterwards? So infuriating. 


Tips: Luckily NOT cash only. Would not recommend going anytime between 5-7 on weekdays or peak lunch hours unless you want to wait 45 minutes - 1 hour, cause this place is POPPING. 

TL;DR: If you see that shifty waitress there, DON'T GO! Otherwise, delicious ramen at the best price with the best value.
We got the signature and mayu. I personally liked the Mayu because of the strong flavor. The pork buns Re a must!
This place is everything. The miso ramen was perfect lunch time choice. Broth was on point and the small size is actually pretty filling for a small. Also, order the dumplings FRIED (not steamed)! You'll love them. Everywhere was steamed dumplings - this crispy one is a treat! Waited 15 minutes to get a table at the bar but it passed quickly.
My usual here is either
-Terakawa (signature) Ramen
-Shoyu Ramen & side of chicken karaage

The Terakawa is a classic pork broth with a deep pork flavor underneath (or as my boyfriend says - it tastes good). It's got a bunch of fancy classic Japanese toppings (red ginger, kikurage, bamboo shoots, etc.). Most importantly, it has a perfectly cooked Japanese ramen egg - sweet and salty w/ a perfectly semi-cooked egg yolk center. GET IT. ENJOY IT. Embrace it.. 

The Shoyu Ramen is my go-to whenever I think I need to go down on my sodium intake (hah..), but probably is the least salty of all the ramens here. It's nice and light, but still flavorful on its own. It also comes with bean sprouts and a slice of fish cake. With the small size at only $7, I can also add the $2 side of chicken curry karaage without any guilt. The chicken is lightly fried to perfection, and somehow holds its crisp even with the delicious curry sauce on top. 

Aaaaaand, last week I finally sprung for the monstrous Kyushu Danji Ramen - the monstrous whopper/Big Mac of ramen land. (okay okay, I shared it..). But really, this can easily be shared between two and still leave satisfied. Honestly, it was nothing too special. The broth is thinner than the Terakawa and seemed to be brimming with sliced cabbage. For a cheap meal for two, or just a cool one-time experience I would try it, but I'm probably sticking to the Terakawa or Shoyu from now on.
most unpleasant experience i ever had. 
HAIR IN THE FOOD and UNAPOLOGETIC STAFFS

the atmosphere was nice, looked cozy and clean at first but service and food were horrible.

it was 4 of us and seated right across to the entrance. it was the coldest night within decays (1/7/14). there was a empty table little further way from the entrance so we asked a waiter if we could move over to the table before the food come out. then he asked manager or whatever the lady was and came to say "some ladies are coming for the table so you can't move". no apology or anything but we were fine cuz we thought the table was reserved. . but then a while later 4 MEN were seated on the table that we had asked for.

As soon as our food came out, one of us found a hair in her food so we show it the waiter. He quickly just took the dish away without saying a word. and then the manager came back with the dish and insisting that that's a mushroom. I have no idea how she could confuse with a hair and a mushroom. we had to pick it up right front of her to convince her that she was wrong. 
Of course she just took the bowl without saying a WORD. not even "sorry".


When we received our check, we were shocked. we ordered 2 appetizers and 4 entrees and charged for $48. we thought it was reasonable price. but then they charged us $18 for guaranty which is 37% of our food. we asked the waiter if it's correct , he looked at it , then just snatched the receipt  from my hand.  

then he came back in a while with 18% of guaranty. I told him that we are not happy about the service we received here and wont come back anymore. He said "okay, sorry but whatever."


I wish I can rate no star.
So I had the Terakawa ramen and surprisingly it was good. I thought I wouldn't like it when I saw the noodle but to my surprise I almost finished the whole bowl! Big bowl!! The broth and all the ingredients were very flavorful. 
I tried the spicy ramen too and it was delicious! Will order that next time. 
Over all they were skimpy with their slabs of pork belly especially the pork belly in their buns! Sad! I barely tasted any pork because it was so small and soggy! The buns were definitely not worth a try here. $3/each. 
The croquette was good, just like a crispy hash brown at a McDonald :) 
We came here on new year day at 12:30pm and luckily got seated right away. The people who came about 15 minutes later than us had a long line to wait. 
What I found interesting after I finished eating was that each chair has a small drawer for personal belongings!!!
Solid ramen and curry, and probably my number 1 or 2 ramen spot in the city.

Broth can be a bit on the saltier side (especially the miso), so go with pork or shoyu if you're looking for something with less. Everything is Decently priced and portioned, with the added option of adding a small bowl of curry (do it!) 

The appeitizers are alright, but I wouldn't bother with them.
My first experience with Terakawa was underwhelming, having just returned from NYC and sampled a plethora of ramen joints. In comparison, this place was cramped and the taste average. 

With that said, I recently gave it another chance and really enjoyed it! For appetizers, I recommend the chicken karaage and takoyaki, both of which were delicious and came out piping hot. For the ramen, I recommend the spicy or their house ramen. The Dan Dan is just okay and not authentic by any means. Friend tried the bibimbap noodles and didn't care for it either.

If you're hungry/ambitious enough to opt for extra noodles, it's essentially another meal. This place isn't mind-blowing, but decent enough and probably the best one Philly has to offer for now.
tl;dr an authentic noodle bar, offering large bowls of consistently delicious ramen

Tucked away on a Chinatown side street, it's easy to walk right by Terakawa's unassuming exterior. A hint that you might be in the right place is the queue of hungry patrons that often leaks out the door, even on weekday evenings.

The decor is an ode to the traditional Japanese ramen bar. The painted black-and-red walls accentuate the light wood accents. Furnishings are kept minimalistic, with long wooden bar top and stools. The staff races around the space, and contemporary music buzzes amongst the clanging of pots and pans. Seating favors parties of 1 or 2, as only a few normal-sized tables are able to fit into the long, narrow space. Expect quick, no-frills service, as the restaurant churns customers in and out.

During my last visit, my partner and I were able to sneak in a table during prime time. We decided to split the Mayu Ramen and the Miso Ramen, and within just minutes, our ramen was brought out, piping hot. The Mayu had a thin, pork bone broth, with dense noodles. The rich soup was accentuated by earthy mushroom tones. The Miso, on the other hand, consisted of soft, wavy noodles in a pungent dashi broth. Both soups had barbecued, melt-in-your-mouth pork and a tangy fermented egg.

At less than $30 for 2 large bowls of ramen, Terakawa is admittedly on the more expensive side of the Chinatown spectrum. Moreover, it's tough for Terakawa to rival the top ramen bowls I've sampled in California. Nonetheless, this spot cooks up the best ramen that I've had in Philly and is worth going out of your way.
Thank god for Terakawa Ramen for finally bringing some decent Ramen to Philly.  This is the first place I've been to (sorry Nom Nom) that truly feels like a NY-style Ramen joint: small space with no frills service that makes a quality product where all the aspects are enjoyable.

The two of us came here tonight before a show at Electric Factory.  I opted for the signature Terakawa Ramen while he went with Mayu Ramen.  They're the same dish except the Mayu's broth is darker and tastes more bitter.  I thought the ramen was very good for Philly: delicious rich broth with noodles, juicy slices of roast pork, and savory vegetables that accentuate the soup's flavor and composition.  The noodles and bamboo shoots could have been better, but that's the Ramen purist in me coming out.

I only give this place four stars because it's not the best ramen I've ever had (sorry, but New York and LA's are better), but for Philly, this ramen is tops and a huge improvement upon what's being served at Nom Nom across town.  And what's not to like: cheap delicious food in a modern setting that fills you up and keeps you coming back for more.  Can't wait to try their katsu curry next time!
Amazing ramen and is so consistent.  More on traditional aspect.  

Apps

The pork belly burns are amazing, I recommend the steamed buns.  Ask for the spiced edamame, very addictive

I've always gotten the signature ramen.  Pork always has the right amount of fat ( no too much and not too lean). 2 dollar chicken karaage bowl def worth it

Get there early..always a wait but well worth it!!
After months of going to Terakawa this is hands down the best ramen in Philly. 

I've had the signature, spicy, tan tan, and mayu. My favorite is the spicy but all are great. Not a fan of the apps. 

Size, price, and quality.

Portions are large. Prices are cheap cheap cheap. Quality is the best you'll find (not just in relation to the price). The noodles are tender and hearty. Broth is full of flavor. Loaded with all types of add ins such as pork, kimchee, bamboo, bean sprouts, etc. 

If you come in during peak dinner time, expect a wait. The restaurant isn't large. You can also order take out.
Given the various ramen bars that have popped up in chinatown over the past years, Terakawa has continued to thrive with its price adjustments, consistent quality, and simple menu.  I believe they have a minimum credit card charge of $10, which is still better than their nearby competitor Rai Rai Ramen who charges a $15 minimum.  

I recommend the classic terakawa ramen if you are trying this place for the first time - it embodies the heart of true Japanese ramen versus the instant ramen you can make yourself.  Creamy and savory broth, veggies that give an added dimension of flavor and texture, and classic egg noodles to soak in all the goodness.  

As most other ramen bars, If you order for take out, they separate the soup broth from the noodles/veggies/meat to avoid the food getting soggy.  

Tip for ordering to get the most bang for you $: add $1.50 for extra noodles to your ramen of choice & order a side dish of charshu original or karaage curry rice bowl for only $2 more.

They are pretty quick to make the ramen since most of the ingredients just have to be assembled together. Enjoy!
Still easily the best ramen spot in Philly. The pork is always cooked perfectly and the broths are extremely flavorful. Shoyu ramen is definitely the way to go if you want something light yet tasty.
Came here on a recommendation of a buddy of mine (also a Yelper) and he definitely did not steer me wrong. There was a 30 min wait so you know this place is good as the place is packed out with a line out the door. Wished they use the Yelp waitlist system to make things easier.

We started off with the Takoyaki as appetizers. They are great to start out with. Love the Japanese flakes they put on them. I got the Tan Tan Ramen. This dish wasn't really all that spicy as I expected, but had a really nice sweet taste blended in with it which I really liked. The noodles were on the soft side which I liked. I ended up drinking the broth because it's that good. My gf got the Terakawa Ramen, which is their signature ramen dish. It is a creamy broth and the texture of the noodle is on the firm side. The egg is fantastic and the pork belly is phenomenal (I swear to god, I did not eat two bowls of ramen).

I highly recommended this spot like my Yelp buddy did. You can't go wrong with great ramen like this shop.
Ramen Bar is a walkable spot for the bf and me but I wasn't impressed.  
Thank you Yelpers for pointing us in the direction of Terakawa!!

Parking is tough on the weekends near Terakawa - or maybe we just weren't having luck.  After 45 minutes circling the area, we finally got a spot!  And after eating here, the time spent on parking was well worth it!

Since the bf and I aren't picky about sitting at the bar, we were seated immediately. 
If you're coming in a party over 2 people, I would recommend arriving when they open or you'll most likely have to wait a bit.
Sitting at the bar also allows you to peak over the counter and watch the chefs busy at work - yep I went ramen stalker mode on them.

Quick scan of the menu and we knew what we wanted. 
- Steamed Gyoza
 - Spicy Ramen
 - Terakawa Ramen

Gyoza wrapping was soft (not chewy) and the filling was seasoned just right.  Very nice start to the meal.

Spicy Ramen is such a win here!!!  No additional togarashi needed.  Broth is so flavorful and the portion size is way more than I could eat, although I did try to finish the whole thing.  The kimchi added some non traditional spice and veg which I also loved.

I only sampled the broth from the bf's Terakawa Ramen and definitely another winner.  We both agreed that it was amazing and significantly less salty than the Tonkotsu Ramen from Ramen Bar.

Happy tummies, we stumbled back out into the cold back to the car while equally satisfied to have found our go-to ramen spot in Philly.  We'll just pray to the parking gods next time we venture out here.
Got some late lunch here yesterday with a friend and we were pleasantly surprised. This is as close as I've gotten to having ramen that tasted like the one I get in NYC. I had their "terakawa" ramen which is just the classic pork broth with the slice of pork, egg, ginger, etc. It was delicious! I wish I would've ordered another boiled egg because it was really good but unfortunately I was too full to do that. The broth is so good! Not too salty and seasoned really well. My noodles were perfect. Our waiter was so nice and helpful and so was the rest of the staff.

The only thing that stopped me from giving them 5 stars was the fact that the pork slices were too thin and bit tough.
I was super excited when I finally managed to dine here, after avoiding the line by coming here at 2:30pm on a weekday - the interior reminded of all the good ramen places I've been to in Japan / Hong Kong, and it's small but cosy and functional. My friend and I both ordered the Terakawa Signature Ramen; I wanted to try it since it's the store special and it's my first time here. They do have some really interesting choices on the menu though, from different kinds of ramen (there's one with a "whooping 280g" of noodles), curry, udon, and appetizers. 

The ramen came out promptly, and looked mouth-watering good. The broth, in my opinion, is the most important part of ramen. I took a sip of the broth, and it has the markings of "tamashii" (watch the movie Ramen Girl - basically means the soul of the broth), and it didn't leave me feeling super thirsty unlike some of the other ramen I've had around Philadelphia. The toppings helped cut into the richness of the broth, with the pickled vegetables, and I loved the pork belly slice - it was the perfectly mixture of fatty and lean meat. I also really appreciated the condiments provided - the freshly ground sesame seeds and a few drops of sesame oil really elevates the dish. 

I think what really knocked one star off was the texture of the noodles - it was undercooked, and too chewy. My friend, who has been here a few times before, said that she didn't have this problem before, so maybe it was a one-off thing. Also, the bowl of ramen noodles could be a little bit hotter to really bring out the fragrance of the broth and noodles. The subpar noodle texture did take away from the dish, but I'll be back to try the ramen again to give it another try (if I can get past the wait times).
Currently, one of the better ramen in Philadelphia, hence why they ALWAYS have a line. 

I got the Terakawa Ramen since I like a richer broth. The portion is very filling and the toppings are just enough so no need to add more. Boyfriend got the Kyushu Danji Ramen, which is their largest bowl aka the whopper style. It was HUGE, so he had to bring his leftovers home. I was surprised they separated the broth from the noodles to take it home, but it was probably because they didn't want to waste some many containers. 

Service is good and they are usually attentive because of the line. They don't rush you or anything. Appetizers are to expectations or good. The Takoyaki only had one piece of octopus in it, usually other places have a little more. We also go the Shrimp Tempura Shu Mai which was pretty good.
This is such an amazing place for Japanese ramen. The takoyaki surprised me, much better than most of the well known ramen places in NYC.  The ramen itself was simply a delight. 

We also got good service too. Nothing to complain. Will go back again.
Not to be a hipster, but I've been coming to Terakawa for years, long before it became overly crowded. Ironically, I never went for the ramen. I'd always come for their amazing curry dishes and the takoyaki. In fact, Terakawa was my go-to when I was craving curry, because Chinatown had been lacking other places that served authentic Japanese curry, and there weren't many other places that had takoyaki.

Unfortunately, the last time I went this past summer, I had a rather unpleasant experience and I most likely won't be back.

First of all, we had to wait outside for over 30 minutes to be seated - this isn't anyone's fault, since Terakawa is a small establishment and it's become very popular in the past year. I wasn't pleased, however, when the waitress was very curt with us and asked us 3 times in the span of just as many minutes if we were ready to order. During the course of the meal, she was very obviously rushing us, even putting down the check before we were finished. I get that they were trying to accommodate a lot of people, but it was very off-putting given that we were there for less than 30 minutes (i.e. we spent longer waiting outside than actually eating).

This was also the one time I decided to order their Vegetarian Shoyu Ramen. Big mistake. Should have stuck with my usual Karage Curry order. Honestly, it was the worst ramen I've ever had. I did not enjoy the flavor of the broth at all - it was overly salty and reeked (in a bad way) of mushrooms. I couldn't even finish it. My boyfriend had also decided to branch out and order something different - luckily his udon was decent. However, given how simple a class udon is, Terakawa's wasn't anything special and it was rather pricey. (Note: it looks like they only offer udon as a side now, not a full entree)

I'm glad I can turn to Kurry Korner in Chinatown Square for my curry needs, and Yamitsuki Ramen for my actual ramen needs. There are also now many places in Chinatown that offer takoyaki, including Bon Chon. Sorry Terakawa, looks like your once-niche exists no longer.
With the great Pho VS Ramen debate (http://www.yelp.com/topic/philadelphia-pho-vs-ramen) alive and well on the talk threads I found myself drawing the conclusion that I needed to expand my ramen horizons outside of Nom Nom (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nom-nom-ramen-philadelphia?hrid=INQopIj67_4VPj68Q46PBA#src:self) and my crap filled college days. And while I might still find hand drawn noodles to be the more suitable of competitors to pho (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nan-zhou-hand-drawn-noodle-house-philadelphia?hrid=ZnopZpDJEhqEwXABt52h0A#src:self), I left Terakawa with a full and warm belly and being impressed by what they did with the old Ramen Boy space.

From lightening quick delivery , to friendly attentiveness service was spot on. while nowhere near the best I've had and kind of on the plain side, the steamed pork gyoza were nice and filling. But the main attraction by far was namesake Terakawa ramen, which I added extra pork belly to like a boss. from the chewy and earthy bits of mushroom, to the small and robust egg with a gooey yolk center, and the fatty and tender bits of pork, everything were in the right place of complimenting the plentiful noodles. And the broth was a warming combo of spice and miso. 

I might still find Pho to be the winning contender after my outing. But I'll definitely be back for more bowls to come.Especially when I can add in delicacies like donburi, pork buns, and takoyaki to the mix!
When I want ramen, this is always my top choice in the city! 

There's typically a wait, but so worth it. There's usually a waitress bustling back and forth to the front door where you can put your name in for a table so you need to go inside (don't just join a line if there's one when you're there!)

The steamed pork buns as an app are juicy and flavorful. The selection of ramen here is awesome, and the additional toppings/options take their ramen to another level (it's the kind of stuff that I miss when I go to other ramen shops). I love the Mayu ramen; the garlic oil adds so much to the dish. Have never been disappointed on a visit here!
The broth in their Signature Terakawa ramen is insanely good.

True, it's not as aromatic as it could be, but the depth of flavor is addictive. 
My friend and I were so intoxicated by the broth we almost forgot to eat the other components of the ramen bowl...which were all solid. Perfectly soft boiled egg, al dente noodles, melty pork belly, along with some pickled ginger, bamboo shoots, and scallions.

I'll add, the pork belly is indeed very fatty, but not off-putting like it can be sometimes.  Here, it just melts in your mouth.  I'd blame a good cooking method.

Small place, so take caution if you're going at a prime hour.
This is THE best in the area, hands down. The ramen is consistently delicious and even having tried the other varieties, all are good. I have tried the steamed versus fried buns and though I think the quality of the buns have gone down a little over the years, they are still decent. I love getting the ramen/curry rice combo. The curry rice is always good too. I love the slightly sweetness to it. The katsu is always crispy. The portion sizes are reasonable. Also, I like how the wooden seats are functional for small spaces. Under the seat, there is room you can put your bag.. super cool! Had no clue until one day the waitress saw how uncomfortable I was holding my bag in my lap (I hate putting my purse on public floors). It's a small place, so expect to wait if you're coming for dinner or the weekend. If you have a large group, expect to be separated.
A post-op Ramen Boy is now out on the town, with improved management and a sexy new name!

Though you might not realize it when you first walk in. Same décor, same layout, same backless, ass groove seats. The menu, however, is completely reinvented (and designed to look like a flashy ad in an Asian newspaper). 

The Terakawa ramen comes with seaweed, bamboo shoots, scallions, red ginger, and half a marinated egg (two halves if you decline the pork). I am a fan of the ginger (though they might give too much), and the egg is super tasty, even if a bit overdone. The noodles are noodles, and otherwise nondescript. The broth is where it really takes a downfall - far too fatty and not enough flavor. We took to adding chili oil, dried garlic, and white pepper to spice it up (thankful that they provided so many of these options on the table!).

The quality of the food is definitely better than it was pre-op, but given that Hand Drawn is just a couple blocks away, I don't see myself coming back soon.
When I first heard of Ramen Boy closing shop I was upset because they were one of the few ramen joints that didn't equate salt with flavor.  Upon entering Terakawa, I liked the upgrades to the decor and I was so happy to see some of the ramen boy staff still working the house.  The menu immediately caught my attention because not only did it have some classics such as miso, shoyu, and tan tan ramen, but it also boasted a house special Terakawa ramen as well as the visually stunning mayu ramen.  Needless to say, I had to to try the mayu and it did not disappoint.  The broth was creamy with a strong garlic infusion throughout.  The noodles were nice and chewy and the egg was brilliant (a perfect soft boil with a think and runny yolk).  This is a ramen joint that is aiming to please and I will be returning soon to try the other soups.  I gave Terakawa 3 stars but I hope to upgrade that to 4 or 5 in the future because I am not sure if there are any spicy menu options.  I was in a hurry and didn't have time to really ask about possible extra spicy options.  If the super spicy is possible, than I could have a new favorite ramen joint because the staff is wonderful, the atmosphere is chill, and the prices are fine.  To be continued....
I was stationed in Japan 8 years ago near Hiroshima.  My fondest memories are having Japanese Curry (which is much different than Indian or Thai Curry) at CoCo's or one of the many curry houses in the area.  

When I got back to the states I desperately looked to all the "japanese" restaurants in the area to satisfy my curry cravings, with most not having any idea what I was even talking about.  I ended up settling on S&B curry packages, but was never quite satisfied.

So there I am in Yakatori Boy and finding myself once again unsatisfied at another "japanese" restaurant.  When I hop on Yelp and search "Japanese Curry Philly".  To my suprise, I see a review raving about the curry at "Terakawa Ramen"!  

I stop eating immediately, ask for the tab and drag my girlfriend two streets down in hopes of finally satisfying my nearly decade long craving.  Sure enough, as soon as I walk in; the most delicious of aromas overwhelmed me in nostalgia and all the memories of Japan flooded back.

The gyoza I ordered while I tried to decide on what to order was superb.  I settled on the Chicken Cutlet Curry and they even made it extra spicy for me!  I cannot begin to explain what a fulfilling experience it was once the perfectly cooked rice, potent curry and delicious chicken passed my lips.  Not to mention their authentic Japanese soda (that has the marble on top), Calpico (the original goes so well with the spicy food), and even Mochi ice cream!  

Everything was perfect, I cannot recommend this restaurant more!  I will be returning often and dragging everyone I know there with the utmost enthusiasm!  

Itadakimasu!
Terakawa is easily the best ramen place in Philly.

I've come a couple times now and I always ordered the Terakawa ramen. The broth was rich and savory, the soft-boiled egg had that perfect half-gooey egg yolk center, and the mushrooms and bean sprouts add a fresh crunch and interesting texture to the bowl. 

I prefer the curly egg noodles to the thin straight ramen noodles and was always a little sad that the Terakawa ramen comes with thin ramen noodles. I finally decided to branch out and try the miso ramen - and it turns out they do have the curly noodles! The miso ramen had strong miso flavor and I ended up enjoying it just as much as (if not more than) the Terakawa ramen. 

Also, the shrimp shumai tempura sounds kind of weird but is actually so good! Reminiscent of Asian festival food, the shumai are fried and served on a stick with spicy sesame oil sauce. Of course, their pork buns are also amazing - one of the best that I've had on the East Coast.

The service was also great - prompt and polite.

Other nice details - the chairs are designed so rather than awkwardly holding your bag or putting it on the floor, you can store it under the chair. It's such a cute and quintessentially Japanese space-saving concept and just shows how Terakawa really pays attention to little details to make for a great dining experience.
Instead of searching for Philly cheesesteak, we decided to venture through Chinatown to see what's good to eat. Once you type in "must eat" on yelp and google, this place pops up. Thank you yelpers for recommending this place. 

Although I may be very picky because New York has the best ramen in the western coast, I was surprised at the flavor of this place. We ordered 2 ramens and added a chicken curry Katsu rice to share. It was delicious and well worth the wait and price.
Food in this place has always satisfy me, I love their cold noodle and other dishes, but why am I giving them a 1star? I was waiting for my noodle for a while so I ask one of the waitress "excuse me, is my noodles ready yet?" Reason for asking is the table next to me has already eating their meal but they ordered after me. What she replied got me walkout the restaurant, she said" our kitchen is very busy right now, and I don't know what to tell you. To me, this sounds ridiculous. She could've said "I'm sorry, our kitchen is very backup right now ,but we will have it ready for you  as soon as it ready.
Although I wouldn't consider this place a must-visit destination for people traveling to Philadelphia, it definitely ranks high on the list of must-try restaurants for avid ramen fans. With prices at $9-10 per bowl, good sized portions, and delicious taste, its harder to find a better ramen place on the east coast. 

The ramen shop is rather small, so be aware of that if going at prime business hours. We went a little earlier than typical dinner time on a weekday, so we didn't have to wait for our party of 6 to be seated. 

The ramen that we ordered was as good as ramen can get. There were a couple of people in my party who were experienced in the world of ramen eating, and they agreed that this was one of the best ramens that they had ever eaten. I tried the miso ramen, which came with a light, clear broth. It was tasty, but was less flavorful than the richer terakawa ramen. All of the ramens came with the essential ramen toppings, including bamboo shoots and a boiled egg. There was the option of ordering extra meats for a couple of extra dollars, which was what we did for the terakawa ramen.  We also ordered the Gyu Don donburi (marinated sliced beef served over rice) for some variety.  Although good on its own, I do not recommend ordering this dish in place of the tastier ramen, especially since we are eating at a restaurant that specializes in ramen.  

The prices were reasonable for ramen, but I wish each dish came with more meat without having to pay extra for the extra meats. We were nevertheless glad that we made the decision to order the extra meat for the Terakawa ramen. 

This was my first restaurant ramen experience, and Terakawa did a great job of opening the door to my new found love for restaurant-style ramen! Future ramen shops, beware, since you have a lot to live up to!
People come here to make a ramen stop. It may be the best in philly but doesnt come close to the ramen stops in other major cities such as NYC. 


TLDR;;
RUDE RUDE RUDE WAITREESS, couldnt own up to her mistake. Sounds like the same one that many have mentioned in other reviews! OWNER, please see that she is bringing your stars down, get rid of this entitled waitress. I dont need attitude with my food.


There are many cons to this experience. 
1. The rude staff (just one in particular, the chubby one)
    She was running around like a headless chicken, hair disheveled just running around not actually doing anything. Second she says we ordered KARAGE, which was not even on our minds, when in actuality we ordered pan fried gyoza. ( how do you get that mixed up? ) She also claimed that she repeated the order, uhm yea that never happened. She couldnt even come over to see that we hadnt had our food yet. Any of it. We ordered before some people even walked in the restaurant. So we sat there for a good 25 mins without our food. Literally everyone around us had their appetizers entrees everything. 
 The part i found so shocking was that when i asked her what happened and explained the situation. She pulled back our food saying " so you dont want it? What do you want?" I was completely disgusted, cus all i wanted was the food i ordered. Shes like "its here" as i stared at the empty table infront of me. Then my food finally came. The worst part, after giving the worst service we asked for our check, then got a different table who asked for their check. Then continued to wipe down the tables then slowly maybe in slow motion walked to the pos, then who knows did what. Had to ask another server for our check. Its a shame and you should feel sorry for the other servers that pool tips with you. 

2. The ramen is ramen, nothing special and didnt have that extra depth and umami. The best way to describe is that it was very standard. Nothing stood out. 

3. The line is not worth it, i think people come for the many reviews they have just as we did, but i doubt with just okay ramen and reaaally bad service they have returning customers.
The BEST place to have Ramen in Philadelphia! You can customize your ramen to your exact salt, noodle texture, and spice level. Just perfect! There was a deep, hearty flavor to the broth, and there was a good meat: broth ratio. 

The prices here are lower in comparison to other Philly ramen joints. Color me impressed. 

While a small place, I think the restaurant did its best to not compromise on style. You can see the chefs working - there's an open kitchen. I was lucky enough to be seated at the counter in front of the kitchen, and it was a lovely experience.
My goodness, this restaurant is tucked away in the back of Chinatown. Food is superb! Their takoyaki is the best I've had so far, the curry chicken is good, and I loved their gyudon! I want to try everything on their menu! 

I also love the way they decorated the place. It is small yet cozy.
Food-amazing. Shoyu ramen was cooked perfectly. I love the texture of the noodles and the broth was perfect and not overly salty. I got the small size and it filled me up without feeling guilty. The curry with chicken was very very good. I'd like it even better if it was super duper spicy because it just should be lol. It doesn't taste like Thai curry at all, moreso like Indian korma, but still, very very tasty (and huge portion!) And appetizer, we shared the octopus ball. Also very tasty! Lol. Just try it. 

Service-awesome. It was lunch hour rush, but the waiter and waitress were very attentive, clearing our tables as soon as we were finished, and refilled our water without us having to flag them down. 

Decor-love it. Small and intimate very similar to how it is in Japan. Cool seats with storage underneath for us women's big purses! 

I went yesterday and am craving the noodles right now.
I've only heard good things about thing place and finally gave it a try. As expected, there was a slight wait for two people - about 20 minutes. It was beautiful out today so waiting outside was fine.

Went with the miso ramen and added some spice. The regular bowl cost $11 and included a seasoned egg, wavy noodles, mushroom, bamboo shoots, sprouts, and roast pork. It had the perfect amount of spice with a nicely flavored broth. Could've gone with the small.

Seating is very limited and much of it is bar style. Restaurant is small but nice. Definitely recommend!
First time I've been here!  I got the Shoyu Ramen with chicken, Terakawa Ramen (their signature) with added bean sprouts, Charshu Onigiri, and edamame.  The entire meal cost just $25.

For what it's worth, the edamame is the best edamame I've gotten, and I've had edamame at any restaurant that offers it.  It's crispy with the right amount of salt.  I didn't think I'd like the onigri but it was delicious.  It's pretty cheap as it was only worth $2 a piece, and believe me, the onigri takes more than one bite to finish (unless you wanna get heartburn and swallow it all in one go..).  The ramen soups are amazing.  It's better than what I had anticipated with the perfect serving portion; however, if you are a meat-eater who needs copious amounts of meat on their plate, I suggest asking for more meat for an additional $2 if you feel inclined.

Servers are friendly, and the chefs are pretty talkative!  One chef in particular was informing us the history of ramen and went through with us on how one ingredient compliments the other.

Just fyi, this place is packed because of how trendy/popular it is.  Be prepared to wait 5-15 minutes for a seat, but people come and go pretty fast because they serve the food just as fast.  If going in a group larger than 4, I highly suggest coming in before 4 PM or calling in for a reservation.  Unless you're feeling lucky.
A great place to go if you want restaurant quality ramen but you don't want to be the awkward person eating alone. They have a ramen bar that "table for 1"s can sit and not feel awkward about wanting to enjoy a great meal.

The ramen is delicious and the service is quick. The broth was perfect -- flavorful but not heavy. The noodles were cooked well and springy. They had a good amount of meat, too. 

Also, they accept credit cards, which is great for those who run out of cash while in Chinatown.
Rude waitresses. Very impolite. Not a happy experience. If you want to have a good time, steer away from this place!
Been here a few times, most recently last week for a quick weekday lunch.

I got seated immediately at the bar (unlike weekends when there's almost always a wait). Ordered the Karaage chicken (lightly battered/fried) which came boneless--thank you for making my life easier--and served w/ a spicy mayo sauce which was pleasantly light and tasty. It was the perfect portion, as when my ramen arrived I still had an intact appetite.

The Terakawa (Signature) Ramen itself was wonderful. I think out of all the broth options out there, I prefer mine pork-based which is the case here. There were 3 thick slices of charshu (roast pork), the perfect amount. It also included 2 of my other favorite ingredients, which is a nice egg (in this case 1/2 of one) and bamboo shoots. The broth itself is rich but won't weigh you down. 

My only bone to pick with my ramen dish was that the noodles were too chewy--not in an al dente sense but in a mildly under-cooked way--for my taste. For some reason I can't recall if this was the case previously or just this time around. I guess I'll have to confirm the next time I come.

Service is timely and friendly and I noticed that my neighboring patron never had ramen before and his waitress very patiently explained the various menu options and gave him her recommendations. It's nice to know that for first time ramen eaters they won't be made feeling intimidated at this place.

I shall be back...
We saw that there is a line outside this restaurant so we thought it must be good and decided to try it out. The food came out relatively quick and the ramen looked decent. Half way through eating the ramen, I notice I'm chewing on something tough which almost choked me. I took a look at it and realized it was a crumpled up plastic wrapper! I told the waitress and she nonchalantly told me the noodle is wrapped in plastic bag. 
Does that mean I'm supposed to eat this plastic wrapper?  

She apologized but I still think it is wrong to mistakenly leave a plastic wrapper in the ramen. It is a choke hazard and small children can easily not notice and choke on it. 

This is unacceptable and I really hope it is lesson learned so other customers do not potentially choke on it.

Guys, please look at what you are eating first.
Solid ramen place but not a lot of seats so it gets packed. Fortunately the service is fast so the wait isn't too long but beware if you have a large party especially on the weekends. 

The ramen itself is solid and I can attest that the Mayu Ramen which is basically their signature ramen with mayu oil (aka crushed leek in garlic oil) is a dollar more but so worth it. I've had some of the curry and udon before and they are solid options if you're not in the mood for ramen.
Holy Ramen! 

I did not think I would like ramen this much - this place totally changed me. The first time I came here I tried the Terakawa ramen which is their signature ramen and it was amazing. Basically it was ramen with mushrooms, gingers, scallions topped with pork - absolutely delicious. The broth was really flavorful and apparently is simmered for two days! The pork was juicy and cooked to perfection; it fell apart at the touch and blended quite well with the rest of the ingredients in the bowl. The second time there I tried the miso ramen and there was a slight difference in the broth from the signature ramen - it was thicker and more flavorful. If I absolutely had to pick I would say order the Miso Ramen over the signature ramen, but they were both delicious and only $9 for a bowl. Since this place is so affordable, go on and add an appetizer. I recommend the pork buns to start or the Takoyaki if you want more of a Japenese kick to start your meal. The place is quite cozy and perfect for two people and the best part is - it is BYOB!
This was the first ramen place I ever tried in Philly, but definitely not the best ramen.  This spot has a lot of buzz surrounding it from word of mouth, but the buzz doesn't necessarily reflect the quality.  The ramen broth is watery and has little taste, and the noodles are just as bland and like plastic, they don't seem as fresh as how real ramen noodles should be.  Plus, you only get half of an egg.  Even their other dishes like katsudon and takoyaki are medicore at best and lack flavor and authenticity. 

tl;dr overrated ramen spot, far from authentic, try other places before thinking this is the best ramen in the city (coming from a frequent Japan traveler)
Because Brian A. could live on ramen, we frequent a variety of ramen joints in the city.

Nom Nom Ramen is our "we're too tired to walk to Chinatown" ramen. Terakawa Ramen is our top choice go-to spot. (I actually also adore Ramen Bar in University City because of its vegetarian option--I just like the vegetables offered, even though I always get the pork-based broth--, but we're hardly ever over there).

One of the nicest things about Terakawa Ramen is that because of how often we go, the staff recognizes us. They're always very pleasant and service is quick, even when all the tables are full (gotta love ramen's turnaround time)--the restaurant itself is pretty small, but there is the traditional bar along the open kitchen, which is usually faster if you don't mind not facing your dining mates. The bathrooms are always very prettily decorated (part of my judgment of a restaurant is formed by its bathroom!).

I prefer Terakawa Ramen to Nom Nom Ramen because of their hard-boiled egg. Terakawa Ramen has the marination and seasoning of the egg down to a science. (Nom Nom Ramen is just kind of a hard-boiled egg in your soup.)

Appetizer-wise: the Pork Buns are great, as are the Gyoza. They also have more adventurous offerings, such as Takoyaki (a/k/a octopus fried into little balls) and, apparently, a very nice Seaweed Salad.

I like the variety of types of ramen you can order and how you can request one type of noodle over another (there's the usual thicker noodle and then there's a thinner, slightly tougher--I think--noodle). My usuals are the Miso Ramen, the Terakawa Ramen, or the Spicy Ramen (slightly Korean-style with kim chee galore).

Now that I've written this, I think we'll have to go again tonight, 'cause the ramen buds are singing!
So I have walked by this place dozens of times and never looked twice at it.  It was just another restaurant amongst the multitude of restaurants in China town.  But recently, my concept of ramen changed from what broke, starving, college kids eat to incredible looking bowls of deliciousness after watching some youtube travel vlogs in Southeast Asia and Japan.  So I picked this place to try because of the high ratings and some great photos.  And today, on a spontaneous whim, I went their with a few people.

We got there at around 1PM, there was a short line and the place was packed.  Didn't get seated for about 25 mins.  The take charge hostess knows what she's doing.  The line got worse as we ate.

I got the spicy ramen and I tasted the miso ramen.  What can I say more than the other positive reviews?  They were both just so good.  I was not let down.  It was even slightly better than I expected.  The rich flavor of the broth, egg and pork, the consistency of the homemade noodles were all top notch.  We also got a few apps: sausage, fried pork dumpling and seaweed salad.  They were good too, but not to the level of the ramen.

This place is definitely on my return list !!!
Best ramen I've eaten in Philadelphia! Umami to the 1000th degree! 

When I want ramen, this is exactly what I think of. Service is fast, the food is amazing (the dumplings are really great too but I didn't get a picture). Help keep them open through Covid please! 

The eggs are perfectly flavored and nicely soft. 

Go here!
Though it wasn't the best Ramen I've ever had, it did do the job.  And let's be honest - in the world of Ramen, $9 is a pretty good deal.

Service - I went right at lunch time, so I expected a bit of a lag, but it was slower than I would've liked. I was not in and out in under an hour. I'm sure they took their time to make my bowl of Ramen, but meh, I didn't taste the wait time that went into it.

Food - Started off with the Gyoza. Typical fare. Nothing to write home about, but a decent value at $3.90 for 5 pieces. For soup, I got their signature Ramen bowl. Flavorful, but it was a tad bit salty towards the end.  Not a deal breaker.  However, the pork that came with it was soooo fatty. Literally dissolved in my mouth. Definitely not worth the calories, so I left these out of my spoonfuls.  The chicken curry rice bowl was amazing!!!!!  As a side, it's only $2 and I loved every bite of it. It was just so perfect, I would definitely recommend this.  

All in all, I would return here, but not until after I tried the other ramen options in the area.
The hostesss should not be in the service industry.. she seated 6 groups ahead of us and asked us to leave if we did not want to wait any longer... 

Would not recommend anyone- unless you are okay with being treated unfairly and as a second class customer!!
Came on a weekend early evening and there was plenty of seating but it did fill up quickly since there was a line by the time we finished eating. The restaurant itself is shaped like a long rectangle with bar seating in front of the chefs. 

1. Original ramen - 3.9/5. Delicious with plenty of toppings. The soup base isn't the best I've had but it is good here nonetheless.

Overall, I recommend coming early to ensure a seat. I'll be back if I'm craving ramen in the Philly area.
I don't usually write reviews but I feel like I have to write this one since I was furious. We came back from a weekend vacation and decided to give this place a try. My husband dropped off my daughter and me and went to parking.  It was 2pm Sunday and place is not crowded at all and there are a couple of tables available. I told the waiter we need a table of 3. She asked me where is the 3rd person. I told her my husband is parking and will be here soon. She refused to let us seated, instead let us wait there saying the 3rd person needs to be here before give us a table. There are 2 groups behind us and were seated right away. After 10 minutes of waiting there, I politely told them that we just drove 1.5 hours and were tired and plus I have a toddler and can they let us  be seated. The waitress shrugged and told me the same reason :"We can't give you the table until the 3rd person is here, parking can take a long time." 
I left with my daughter and our family will never come back!!! I've never seen a place treat their customer this way!
BEST RAMEN IN THE CITY.

Name me a place and I'll bet money it won't be as authentic as Terakawa. Even the interior reminds me of somewhere in Japan. Not that much seating either so don't get angry when you walk in 12pm on a Wednesday and there's a line. It goes by fairly quickly though, I only waited 10 minutes during lunch time... not sure how busy it gets during dinner.

NOW DOWN TO THE RAMEN
My favorite is the spicy ramen. The broth is delicious, the kimchi is perfect and the noodles are SOOoooOO good. I get my ramen less salty and my noodles "firm" and they're perrrfect. I don't know that I'd be open to trying any of the other ramen, I need that spice in my life.

The apps are all good, if I had to pick my favorites it's probably Charshu Onigiri and Karaage Chicken. The Onigiri is just 1 piece but I think it's the perfect starter because the ramen is pretty filling.
This place blew me away. The food was so good. I am definitely coming back here again to try the rest of their menu.

Takoyaki - 5/5 
Potato dumplings with small bits of octopus that appear to be deep fried. It's drizzled with delicious Japanese mayo and BBQ sauce. The texture is very soft and melts in your mouth. The octopus is savory and not hard to chew at all. Since the food is very hot the bonito flakes move in a tentacle like fashion. I tricked my friend and told him that the octopus is still alive 

Chicken Buns - 5/5
The bun was hands down the softest bun I have ever had. You could tell the whole entire appetizer was fresh.  Pan seared chicken with lettuce and spicy mayo to give it a nice kick. You get the best of both worlds. The chicken is piping hot while the veggies are nice and cool. 

Terakawa - 4.5/5 
This is their signature ramen and for good reason! It's a nice creamy pork bone based soup with a lot of noodles. So good. The roast pork was incredibly tender and just disintegrates in your mouth. It comes with a boiled egg, scallion, and red ginger.
I tend to whine about how some things in New York are just so much better than in PHL, eg. the theatres, the gym classes, the sheer variety of asian desserts, and THE RAMEN. Terakawa is no Totto, but it's solid comfort food for a good price. When I crave ramen in Philly, I'll head there, and I intend to try all the other items on the menu! 

I went for the first time, and ~7pm on a weekday there was barely any wait for 2 seats at the bar. The appetizers are pretty reasonably priced ($5 for 2 pork buns). I ordered the mayu ramen ($10), though the name sounded a little dubious and I was afraid it'd be a less authentic variation of ramen. But nope. It was gooood. It reminds me of black garlic ramen. The broth was thick, creamy and rich without causing that bloated aftertaste. The noodles were perfectly cooked, Hakata-style I believe, thin straight noodles. The pork was a little different from the usual chewy, thin slices of char siu - this was thicker, fattier, and tasted much softer. I liked it, though! It melted in my mouth. I was a little disappointed to only be given half an egg (especially after my failed experiments to recreate ramen eggs at home). 

The other great thing is the fried garlic provided at every table. I probably ate way too much garlic that night. No regrets at all.
I've been here since 2012 and absolutely love their ramen and karaage chicken curry rice platter. Their char-shu onigiri is also absolutely delicious. It was annoying that when the ramen hype hit Philly the past few years, it could take over an hour to get seated during rush hour. I have learned to be strategic as to when to visit Terakawa Ramen (no surprise, it's usually on the weekdays). Now that we are in the midst of the COVID19 pandemic, I've had my first experience taking out ramen (see attached photo. Yes, it's the Kyushu danji ramen and a side of karaage chicken). Though taking out ramen is definitely not as good as dining in, they made sure to separate the noodles from the soup and other ingredients, which made it almost just as delicious as having it in the restaurant.
Years ago this place was bomb. Now, they are still great but the hype has affected the quality. The broths just don't have the depth of flavor that hooked me when I first slurped and due to the line of patrons waiting in the already small space, the waitstaff seems to usher your meal along. They don't even fill your bowl with as much broth as they used to!!!

Regardless, they are one of the better Ramen places in Philly and their Takoyaki is my favorite.
I came here with my friend because she was craving ramen, but I wasn't so I ordered the Katsu Don. My friend ordered the Spicy Ramen and she said it was really good! I personally found the Katsu Don to be pretty mediocre, so I definitely want to return to try the ramen next time.
Started with the pan-fried gyoza, just like being back in Japan, except everyone here is speaking Chinese. The gyoza was very tasty and the wrappers were nice a thin. I had the Terakawa Ramon which was a pleasant tonkatsu style broth with chashu and egg. An excellent place for a quick lunch. The are following all protocols and sanitation procedures, I felt safe.
Every time I pass by here or eat here it's always a longgg line but the wait isn't too bad. The most I've waited was 15-20 minutes on a weekend. 

The ramen here is very good! The portion, taste, temperature, and presentation is great! The food comes out pretty quick. Staff are super friendly and everyone greets you when you walk in.

It's a small restaurant and can be hard to walk. Wouldn't recommend a large group or big party due to the space.
I visit the City often, trying out as many new places as I can, and I have to say, my first visit to TR was great! The server was really friendly. I went with my boyfriend and he ordered the Gyu-don (Beef rice bowl) which was well seasoned, and had a good amount of food. I tried the Karaage chicken curry over rice, and I have to say, it was a great memory of Japanese CoCo's curry! Also the takoyaki is great! (beats me making it at home!)

Price was on point. 



The overall atmosphere is welcoming with a flair like LA but with all the philly love. A good stop for lunch or even to sit back and enjoy the good music selections and good food.
My favorite spot for ramen in Philly! The place is small but the food is delicious. I got the signature ramen (my go-to). Also highly recommend the pork buns. Come on a weekday evening for less crowds and waiting time!
Solid ramen spot, with some very excellent bites hidden on the massive menu. 

Expect a wait as this noodle shop is traditionally tight on space. The ramen dishes come with an option to add the karaage chicken curry for $2...which you'd be a fool not to do. The lightly-fried chicken comes plopped on a bowl of gooey curry and rice. All three components are winners. 

The Bimbim noodle ($10) is a steal in terms of portion (it's HUGE), although the dish is a little busy. The sesame chicken is tender, the noodles sticky, but the salad and mushrooms are distracting. 

Chicken Cutlet Curry  ($10) also a huge portion, but really, really good. The curry is thick and spiced deliciously and the chicken is, again, also very well executed.

Spicy Ramen ($11) was a slight miss, as it came out with a bit too much fish sauce in the broth, which is not as much spicy-hot as it is zesty-spiced (you guys follow??). The noodles at this place are really great; not too hard, not too gummy. But the real star of this dish is the softest, just-the-right-amount-of-fat pork belly. And they are generous with it's application. 

Would definitely return as the place is BYOB and very affordable. Service was great. Came with a group of 8 and didn't miss a beat.
I had the soy ramen with extra noodles and thought the noodles could be more incorporated with the soup. It made me very full but not so satisfied. The flavor could've much been better.
