My only experience with pine nuts had been of the savory kind (e.g. hummus) until I tried PIGNOLI cookies.  Oh my, these are sweet little bites of heaven!

Looks are deceiving because, at first glance, I assumed these would be hard or crisp cookies.  Well, I was wrong!   Turns out that the main ingredient is almond paste, so the texture is soft, moist, and slightly chewy -- very reminiscent of meringue.  The top is generously studded with pine nuts which further accentuates the underlying nutty flavor.  These delicate treats have a mild sweetness that don't make you feel too guilty since you'll likely have more than one.

No need to trek to Philadelphia.  Order online and these can be shipped anywhere.
[1030]

11/2019

I visited the Reading Terminal Market location a ton of times and really liked their baked goods

I had company from out of town so decided to check out this location.  I'm so glad I did as everything about my visit was amazing.  

Tons of parking in their huge lot next door. This is huge as this location is located in a "I wish I had a driveway" location.  Otherwise I'm not sure if we could visit. 

Arrived 30 min before closing and you couldn't tell as it we never felt rushed.  

The staff even took us to the back baking area so my son could fill a cannoli.   As an avid baker I was in heaven.    It was cool to see the backroom and all the tools and supplies. 

We picked up a ton of items such as mini cakes, cannolis, cupcakes, chocolate bananas .. just to name a few.    Everything was amazing that my cousin stopped in again the next day to bring home goodies to her family in NH. 

My first experience was top notch and I am sad I lived in the area for a decade and never visited.  

I'll be back
Im an italian whose fathers side is from philly. I was hungry for real italian sfogliatelle so I looked online and found Termini Bros and they could ship these delicious pastries right to my front door.
OF COURSE i ordered them and they arrived today in perfect condition due to the tray they use to pack them in. EACH large sfogliatelle was in absolute perfect condition and all I need to do is bake them for a few minutes to make them oven crispy and dust them with some powered sugar and eat!
I am so grateful that Termini Bros delivers all the way to florida during this pandemic. I cant wait to try one as they are made in philly and the altitude and water is different than floridas water and sea level altitude.
Thanks Termini Bros for letting me have a true italian delicasy delivered to my doorstep! Stay well!
I hate to do this to Termini a well established Philadelphia institution. I stopped by for the Christmas holiday and ordered 2 cheesecakes. I am from Philadelphia but this was my first time here. The bakery is very neat and clean, the white uniforms are a nice touch.

Anyway, I ordered 2 cheesecakes. Very very underwhelming. How can you justify $40 for a cheesecake? It seems a bit outrageous and it is! I bought 2 at $80, not worth it at all. I took one to a party and just so happened someone else brought a cheesecake from another place. The sticker was on the box $17.50, same size, NY cheesecake. The other was from an Amish market. 

I figured my cake would be better and sadly I was wrong. It wasn't a terrible cake but far from the best, simply paying for the name. It's unfortunate but I will not be back. I'm sure it doesn't make a difference if you lose a customer as the line wraps around the corner. I just can't get over the price and for that alone I will not be back.
Friendly bakery! Even my 8 year old nephew said wow they are really nice. 

I came to Termini's Bros Bakery because I love cannoli's and churros! but were talking about cannoli's today and I heard this bakery had the best ones in South Philly.

As I entered the store it was very large and the layout consisted of different baked goods, some were on an open display and the others were behind the counter. There was also staff that walked around in old fashioned 50's hat and attire as a matter of fact the whole shop gave me a 50's vibe.

Overall after 10 minutes of indecisiveness and every 5 seconds of grabbing my 3 year old neice hands each time she felt the urge to reach for the goodies on the open display. I decided to get the vanilla Italian cream cannoli, a mini red velvet cake and two free cupcakes for the kids! 

Everything was delicious and there's a parking lot on the right of the shop.
Termini's will always have my heart as well as my stomach.  Since I was a wee sprat we always got our special holiday treats here -- cannoli for a family party or gingerbread ladies on a trip to the city before Christmas. 

The aroma of the bakery precedes the sight of the old-school Art Nouveau neon sign, directing you inside where stern signs warn you not to touch anything.  A white-coated lady will fill your box with cookies, biscotti, sfogliatelle (clamshell pastry) and finally, freshly-filled cannolli.  Ricotta cannoli are the only kind we get -- I never was into the pastry cream type. 

If you are seeking classic, not-too-sweet Italian cookies, the amaretti, taralli and pine nut cookies are wondrous.  Termini will even package cannoli for travel, and send you on your way with an expertly packaged box of shells, and the loaded pastry bags to fill them. They even ship this setup, chilled, across the USA.
Two words for Termini: overrated and expensive. I don't mind paying for desserts when they are gonna blow me out of the water and I was so let down with Termini's offerings. 

The third star was for their customer service though. We had an employee show us around, give us a tour of the kitchen/freezers and she was so nice. 

I get that they are a Philly institution and all but I was not very impressed. $40 for a box of canolli and some other pastries was just not what we were prepared to spend and the flavor didn't even make up for it.
Walking into Termini's is like stepping into hell!

This is a good thing, though, since everything is soooooo sinfully good. I am uber picky about my baked goods and rarely like to eat any other pastries except for my own, but these are just to die for.

The fruit tarts are my special favorite! I remember the first time I had them: back in my grade school years my mom babysat my neighbor's two youngest children when she was called to work unexpectedly and to say thank you she brought us back a dozen of these tropical looking tart things that I inhaled over the course of the evening. Ever since then you have to keep me away from those fruity goddesses or I will be on the treadmill for a year!

The eclairs and canolis are equally, if not more, sinful. Notice I keep using the word "sinful" because they truly are. Only the devil can think up these hedonistic little bits of mouthwatering orgies! Only he would want us to turn into fat bubbling slobs stuffed with creamy goodness and frosty toppings! Damn you!

Someone I know says that the owners are stuck up assholes but I would be to if I was that good.
Oh how I used to love Termini's! My family has been going here for years before I was ever even thought of. I have always held them as my favorite bakery until I recently came here and picked up some pastries. First off their prices are astronomical. For 3 cannoli, 3 sfogliatelle, and 2 rum baba it was $32. The rum baba tasted like dry dough covered in sugar water. The sfogliatelle also seemed drier and just not as tasty as I remember. I am disappointed the quality is going down and the prices seem to keep going up. After years of being a loyal customer, I am sorry to say but it seems time to move on.
It seemed like an ad for axe deodorant. 

Except that this one was for real, and with no (permanent) harmful side effects. 

We've all seen the ad for the lifestyle product that claims the ability to bestow supernatural powers on otherwise smelly mortals - spray it on, and voila, you're a chick magnet.  (Except that in reality it is mainly used by tweens to drown out their eau du natural by enveloping it in a cloud of vapor that forces nearby intelligent life to rush towards fresh air, and prevent olfactory malfunction).

Wherever I went, people would look at my bag, and smile. From the bellman or cab driver to the hairdresser or gift store saleswoman, they all beamed. "Wow, you got the best stuff in town!"

Termini Brothers is truly a Philly institution. Time seems to have left no mark on it. There is absolutely no artifice to the business. The bakery has an honest, old fashioned charm that extends beyond the old school style of baking (with NO preservatives), signs, and display of merchandise. 

Size does matter, or so I am told. Well, in that case the good news for you is that there's 5 inches of creamy goodness, pipe-filled-to-order, in their famous cannoli. Alternatively, as it is difficult for shells to hold up long enough beyond a short trip, the ladies also provide filling in to-go bags, separate from the empty shells. After all, there is no point to having a soggy cannoli. Right? :)

Frankly, I wasn't too bowled over by the cannoli. While the cream cheese version was better than the one with vanilla cream (why on earth is that version popular?), I still found the shell as too crispy and flaky. I don't like flaky, except in croissants.

There are a number of (forgettable) pastries and candies in the store, but for my money's worth, Termini has the best biscotti I've had in years. "They're absolutely delicious", gushed office workers as I shared with them the Chocolate Cherry (with Bing Cherries), Cranberry Pistachio, Quorsemali (nuts, fruit, and chocolate), and Regina (sesame seeds and vanilla) biscotti along with the Bruti e Buono (almonds, cashews, orange rind). Magnificent! A Must have! That would be my lasting memory and endorsement of Termini.

Even if the receptionist did whisper as I left the hotel: "Next time, you should try the sticky buns, Sir". 

Axe, be damned.
My father first brought me to Termini's Bakery in 1945. and I don't 
think I have missed to many years since. Every Christmas Eve I would go 
at 7am stand in a line that stretches all the way back into the kitchen 
and wraps around the kitchen and back ou into the store. During the two 
hour wait sometime 3 hours we are fed with bits of every kind of Pastry 
you can imagine, Espresso Coffee, musicians play Christmas tunes and 
everyone sings along its like a party. 
and for the late comers who say "where is the end of the line???" we 
laugh and joke and say keep going. Over the years, I began to bring my 
kids so the tradition continues. We do all this because Termini's 
Pastries are second to none. Mr. Termini the Master Baker from Sicily 
passed his way of making Cannoli, Cookies, and other traditional 
Italian pastries to his son, and they don't skip a beat. Everything is 
as it was 63 years ago
Short and sweet - expensive. I only pay these prices for La Maison and Levain and if you've ever been to NY, you'd understand why.

While the cannolis ARE good, I find them to be a bit too large and personally, I think they taste better after a day or 2 in the fridge.

I bought 6 cannolis, 4 pieces of cheesecake and it was like $35+ bucks. Thats just pretty frigging insane. For the prices, I can find cannolis elsewhere.
I grew up visiting the area and this was a must stop when we wanted to bring desserts for special occasions. They have a parking lot too so that is great for Philly. Parking can definitely be a challenge. Walking in you don't know where to begin. So many desserts on displays and in cases. I'm partial to their cannolis. You have them filled right there. You can do the traditional ricotta with chocolate chips or a chocolate cream filling. Oh my so good. From cupcakes to turnovers, there's so many options. That doesn't even begin to cover what they offer. The staff is super friendly and helpful. If you're looking for a bakery in Philly, look no further.
Heaven.  

I could end my review there, but no one would believe me.  

We come here most of the times we visit Philly and if you love Italian bakery sweets then YOU should be stopping here too.  My wife and I have tasted a lot of cannoli over the years and we discovered something years ago...that we were comparing every one we tried to Termini Bros. cannoli. 
 
Because.They.Are.That.Good. 

Cannoli, biscotti, sfogliatella, cupcakes, cookies (ESPECIALLY the pignoli cookies!!) and pretty much anything else you would expect in a bakery treats place...I've never had something from here that didn't make my taste buds stand up and take notice.

Do yourself a favor if you like Italian pastries...go to Philly, drive to Termini Bros., choose some treats, and give your taste buds a treat. You won't regret it.
I just had the frickin most awesome cannoli from here this morning.  my friend bought a rum cake popover thing filled with the cheese and i almost went Gollum on her for it.  the tasty smells hooks into your nostrils and drags you through the door.  nice waitstaff with cute throwback uniforms on and hair done up betty davis style.

I'm doomed that I live even in the same city as Termini's.
Below average. I had my first canolis here and I thought I didn't like canolis...that is, until I had canolis from potito's in south philly. Also their butter creams are heavy and tasteless (the combination of which gives you the feeling of eating wax). Perhaps it was good at one point in the history to make this place a landmark and part of reading terminal, but it ain't good anymore.
Cheesecake is very good. However, Staff was very rude. I did not like the attitude and it took away the pleasant experience I was hoping I would get.
Old school Philly dessert bakery. All the specialties. Expensive but everything is authentic and the very best. The shop hasn't change in my life. It's charming! They have their own lot which is a life saver in that neighborhood. If you go around the holidays be prepared to wait. Around Christmas they have live music. It's like going back to my childhood.
I had my first Cannoli here and I will never forget it. It was a life altering experience. It was fresh, tasty, not too sweet and crispy! They dont fill them until you order, put it in a lovely white box and tie it up with string, old school style! I loved it!
THANK YOU
CUUUUUUUUUUUP CAAAAAAKESSS with jimmies!!!!!!!! I love their cupcakes they're huge with the perfect cake to frosting ratio, why? Because their cake is delicious, it's not just simply a frosting delivery system-it's good on its own too! Okay-okay, their prices aren't low but they aren't insanely high either- I am specifically referring to the cupcakes not anything else. 

The rest of the pastries are on the high side price-wise but it's what the market will bear, so if you don't like the prices go to Maria's in Delco, or Varallo Bros or Cosmi''s near Termini's in S. Philadelphia or....or...or...All are just as delicious - compare the prices and decide for yourself. The one thing Philadelphia isn't short of is great Italian bakeries! And when you're finished sampling Philadelphia's selection, hop over to NJ, there's a bakery on practically every corner there too!
Oh Termini's, only if you all knew it when....The memories I have of this place are probably some of the most sentimental that I have. While growing up, my grandfather used to play violin for all of the holiday functions, when the crowds were primarily Italians and Italian Americans (as was all of the neighborhood with some yuppie exceptions. No hatin, just observing). It was so alive. But to distill it all, the only thing that came close to seeing my grandfather work his magic was the pastries. They are divine. But they are no match for the cookies, which are shear perfection. Do not expect things to be cheap, times have changed and old man Termini is dearly departed. But in my opinion, good things shouldn't have to be cheap to be enjoyed. Nothing says love like a couple of pounds of Termini's cookies.
If you are looking for truly authentic Italian pastries, Termini Brothers is the place to go.

I would recommend the location in South Philly in the Italian Market to get the whole experience, but it really doesn't matter which location you choose because they are all A-Maaaaazing.  

My last visit was during the Italian Market Festival, so the streets were packed and Termini's had a booth outside as well.  In the booth they could not keep the cannolis "on the shelf" for lack of a better term.  There was a little Italian man furiously squeezing that delicious ricotta cheese into the shells as people were snatching them up left and right.  I love the cannolis with ricotta and chocolate chips, yum!  You really can't go wrong with anything you get at Termini's.
I'll make this short and "sweet", I went to my favorite bakery,Termini Bros today & bought a pineapple cheese cake, two cheese chocolate chip cannoli's & 2 chocolate cupcakes. The cheesecake had little to no pineapple in it ,the cannoli shells were greasy & the cupcakes were delicious as usual.

1 out of 3 is not acceptable for a Philadelphia institution such as this & especially not for the prices they charge!
I never thought I'd see the day when Termini's quality went downhill  but sadly today was that day
Best cannolis ever.  This is also the GO TO PLACE for St. Joseph's Day Cakes.  They are delicious and not overly sweet.  

Make sure that you put an order in ahead of time around Holidays (and things like St. Joseph's Day) because they're SUPER busy.
This is the same as the other listing - someone should condense these.

The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.

After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  

Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.
DON'T GO TO THEM FOR A WEDDING CAKE!
Apparently if you get their cake  through a catering service this will work for you.  If you are needing to find a baker on your own for your wedding don't waste your time.

I love everything I have eaten at Termini but it's not worth the snobby attitude and lack of response.

I called them Saturday afternoon to ask about general range of pricing for cakes.  I was told only the owner knows that pricing.  Which I have found pretty standard for small bakeries that don't have a huge focus on wedding cakes.  I was told she would call me Monday morning.  Monday morning came and went without a call back.  I don't live far so I went in on Monday afternoon.  There was three women in with white outfits and an older woman in a nice black outfit with nice jewelry on behind the counter writing checks.  (Pretty sure this is the woman she spoke of).  I was then told again only the owner can help and she isn't in, but would call me that same day to set up an appointment.  I didn't in fact get a call for over 24 hours. 
All of this would have been fine except this is what happened next.  I didn't get a call from the owner.  I got a call from a Melissa who wanted to schedule me for an appointment over a month away with a group limited to 5 seats AND she wanted to charge me $25.00 for the tasting!!!!

so, again I have no doubt the cake will be delicious but i can't stand the arrogance that we should pay them to sample the goods before we purchase.  
I have gotten exceptional service just down the street at a less well known but equally delicious bakery called Varallo's at 10th & Morris.  They let me sample and have bent over backwards to get my business.  

I will let you know how the cake tastes!

Termini's thumbs down!
So many options it's almost overwhelming! I tried the tiramisu, which was perfect. I enjoyed the classic flavors, but with the extra bedazzle. It was dense but very good. It even had a little coffee bean in the middle.

I was not a fan of the cannoli at all. When I got there, they would fill the shells after I ordered. However, the shells were not crispy when I tried them, and the filling upset my stomach. Maybe I'll give them a second chance in the future.
I'm from a big Italian family and I'm pretty much the black sheep of the family when it comes to cannolis.  Never was crazy about them.  Until I had a Termini Brother's cannoli.  These are the BEST cannolis you will ever have.

Let me say that again... These are the BEST CANNOLIS YOU WILL EVER HAVE!

Also had a cake from here... tirimisu... amazing.  Even a family member said, "how can this be so good"  It really is that good.

Cannolis for everyone!!
Their ricotta filling seems to be a bit different then the other spots around them -- not a grainy filling but still has raisins and chocolate chips. Very sweet treat! The shell was pretty crunchy not sure if it was over baked since I got them sitting out at the Italian Market Festival but nonetheless still good! 

$10 for 2
If you bring me a box of cookies from Termini Brothers Bakery, I bet we could be friends. Especially if you throw in some of those chocolate dipped almond cookies, the ones that look like horse shoes. I'll never say a bad word about you because how could I? How could I when in the pro-you column there will always be "that time you brought me a box of cookies from Termini's."  I'm asking now.
Termini Bros. is the best bakery in the United States, IMHO.  The only baked goods that I've had that are better were in Vienna, Austria.

My mom and I have been going for many, many years.  I even memorized the address because it's somewhat hard to find, and that was before Yelp and cell phones.  But they have off-street, free parking, so you don't have to worry about logistics once you get there.

Their cannoli are the most delicious things you will ever taste, no comparison.  When you get the cookies, they are golden brown.  They are not artificially dyed.  Each type of cookie tastes distinct from the other.

For holidays they even have traditional live Sicilian music right in the bakery.  There are so many cool antiques in there.  If they're not busy, they'll even take you in the back to see how their cakes are made.  I love the old cake spinners.

There are long lines before holidays, so be prepared to wait.
Termini's cannolis are served in heaven. And if they aren't; I'm staying right here in South Philly for all eternity. Calories don't count when you're dead, right?
Let me just say this bakery aside from being excellent they treat you like family. Constantly let you sample all of their goodies. There is no need to go anywhere else.  Termini's is The Spot.
Next door to the Holiday Inn Express in City Center, at Termini Bros you will find THE BEST CANNOLI OF YOUR LIFE. We were so glad to find this place on our last day in Philly. The filling of the cannoli was so freaking good. And it was pretty large.

They also had a chocolate dipped, peanut butter-filled cannoli, but it wasn't quite as good. It tasted just like regular peanut butter cream from a peanut btuter pie or something, rather than maybe peanut butter flavored ricotta and sugar.

Some others in our party also had some of the cupcakes and enjoyed them a lot. I also thought the prices weren't too bad, and some of their display wedding cakes were really phenomenal.

The only reason I can't give a fifth star is for the staff attitude. This could just be a Philly personality thing, but the young guy who worked there truly seemed like he didn't care two shits about our presence.
Philly is my hometown, and I have known Termini Bros for a long time. I usually go to their Reading Terminal location, but this time decided to go to the original location. The store itself is so appealing with memorabilia from the olden days. 
The service at this location is more friendly, whereas the Reading Terminal location is a bit gruff. You can find a street parking near the original location so it was not a big issue. I usually go to get cannolis, seriously, I think their cannolis are the best. I am not a huge fan of their other sweets, but that's just me. If you are craving for cannolis go to Termini Bros!
Amongst everything else this bakery has to offer, I come here for one particular reason. The classic... Cannoli with Chocolate Chip Ricotta Cheese filling! No other can be compared to Termini version of Cannoli's for sure. Not beyond a doubt! The shell is nice and crisp and ricotta is just perfect, not too sweet. My mom & I also enjoy their Pignoli Cookies. Everything else is OK.
Excellent cannolis but that is it. Don't try anything else !
The pastries and cakes look very appetizing but trust me I have tried several of them and they all suck and are EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE.  I'm talking about  a sfogliatelle that was so hard and dry that I couldn't even eat, a piece of chocolate with cashews that i would have traded for a plain Hershey's bar or a cake that tasted like it was from Walmart .
I popped in here to get a surprise nougat gift for a friend and after a short wait, recieved wonderful service and even a complimentary piece of tiramisu to boot! I ended up getting a ricotta chocolate chip cannoli while I was there because I wanted to taste what everyone raves about. Hand filled while I waited, it was delicious but I wasn't blown away as everyone claims. The shell wasn't greasy, the filling wasn't grainy and the chocolate chips added the perfect balance. My friend thoroughly enjoyed his nougat, I can see how this place fills up during the holidays- but I'm not sure I'll be standing in line with them. But I'm sure I'll make my way there again for some treats!
I hate to do this, especially for a long established bakery with such great reviews. I wonder if I just happened to get a bum batch? I really felt that the cookies were overpriced. I had 4 tiny cookies and it was $3.50. A package of 4 chocolate chips was $5... they were good, but I really need to be above and beyond for the value to be worth it.

Maybe this place has great cakes or something I didn't get to try. Based on my personal experience though, I wouldn't go back. :-(
Hugely overrated. The cannolis have these horrible little gummies in them that ruin an otherwise wonderful cannoli, that, by the way, is very overpriced. The cakes are really quite bland and unremarkable, and the Italian cookies are very dry.
I am absolutely furious with Termini's right now. After years and years of being clients of this bakery, I will NEVER return. Our most recent experience was horrendous and I caution everyone who plans to visit this bakery. Clearly things have changed. 

Termini's sold me a dozen cannolis for a family party last Wednesday. I went into the original location and everyone that worked there was friendly, kind, and provided excellent service. This review is zero reflection of the store staff. 

Upon going to the party TWO guests found TWO HAIRS in the cannolis! I WAS MORTIFIED! I had talked this bakery up to everyone, and it was so embarrassing. Naturally, everyone was disgusted so I threw the entire tray in the trash. 

I called Termini's and spoke to Donna, who was lovely. She passed my information along to someone else. I did not receive a phone call from the second person for three days. I had to call back twice and speak to Donna to get a call back. Finally, Alyssa called me from the office. She tried to offer me a credit! A CREDIT! It is a colossal joke. Never in my life has food been inedible and not refunded FULLY. I even saved the hairs with the cannoli filling on it. 

Alyssa said she would speak with the owner and see if I could get a refund. FIVE DAYS PASSED AND I HEARD NOTHING. I had to call again. No answer. Then, she calls me back and leaves a message saying she can only give me a credit. I should have stopped the transaction when I had the chance. 

I am literally disgusted by the service here. $60 is a lot of money for food that was thrown in the trash; $4 a piece. I will never be back to use this credit and I am sickened by how little they care about their clients. After years and years of baked goods for every party, holiday, and event, they can kiss any business from my family and extended family goodbye. This is not a way to manage a business or service clients. Again, buyer beware. You won't see any sort of apology or refund if something is wrong!
One of my favorite local pastry shops. I always get requests to bring our family favorites for the holidays and I'm here at least once a week. The cakes and pies are delicious, but my usual weekly order is the biscotti. They each have their own unique flavors and textures. My favorites are the quarsemalli and the pignoli.

Some other family favorites are the fig bars, sfogliatelle, and the pecan bars. 

The bones cookies are a nice treat this time of year!
Honestly, I prefer the Termini Brothers location in the Comcast Center. There's no etiquette about handling the pastries because they're all in plastic cases already, there's no burly women scolding customers, it's never eerily empty, and what's with the $20.00 box of cookies? Okay, so maybe they're worth it, and maybe the burly woman is part of the South Philly charm of the place, but still. I don't buy it. The cannolis are good, but I think I may have OD'ed on them this year, much like how I OD'ed on Oatmeal Cream Pies in 2004 and haven't been able to look at one since. 

I was going to go with two stars, but I tacked another one on because when I walked in they were playing that Andrea Bocelli song that Carmela Soprano was constantly listening to, and that Will Ferrell sang at the Catalina Wine Mixer at the end of Step Brothers and I am always tickled pink when I hear that song.
Best cannoli EVER.  My favorite is the vanilla, which is hard to find elsewhere.  Everyone else has cheese and chocolate, but vanilla?  That's what puts Termini Bros. ahead of the pack in my book.

The only bad thing?  Their branch in Reading Terminal is closed on Mondays, which makes me sad.  That, and they aren't open 24 hours in my kitchen...
Termini's is indeed a Phlly institution, and its pastries are, for the most part, very good. Not the best in the city, but very good. And the place is cool-looking, and the staff friendly. The problem is its prices border on ridiculous. Was passing by, and thought I'd stop in to grab something, as I hadn't been in a long while. The cost for 2 pastries -- not cakes, but normal-aized pastries -- was $9. Really? There are places within 10 blocks where you can get double that or more for the same price. Were the pastries good? Absolutely. Will I be going back to Termini's or recommending it to others? Don't think so. Not until they adjust their prices.
They were good at one time I think once the owner passed away it ended everything
Italian pastry heaven. Every visit to my hometown, this is a must stop. 

This location has an old school bakery atmosphere. Upon walking in, I was greeted by Nancy who was dressed in white bakers garb. Even though I knew what I wanted, I circled around the open display of various pastries. There were also an array of cakes and cookies in closed displays as well. 

I happily decided on some traditional cannolis and sfogliatelles! They were all neatly placed in boxes and tied with string. Nancy was also kind enough to let me try a pignoli and holy cow, they were the most delicious cookies I've had in a long time, maybe ever. She also asked if I was there alone, I told her my brother was with me and she handed him one to try as well. 

Though I wasn't there for long, Nancy was a great conversationalist. I thought this place was great, but she made the experience pleasantly greater. Price is reasonable. I walked out with 5 cannolis and 3 sfogliatelle for $40.

Worth adding that everything is delicious. I brought the cannolis back home to VA and everyone was very impressed. The filling was so smooth, creamy. I've had awful cannolis before where it was gritty or not sweet enough. Go to Termini Bros. Bakery and it will not disappoint.
So I took my fiancé to the South Philly Termini's for the first time this weekend. I had no idea he'd never been there before - I grew up right by there and figured everyone knew about the original Termini's spot. We got a couple of my favorites (tiramisu and a pecan bar) and two cannolis for him (ricotta and vanilla). 

Upon first bite of his cannoli, he says, "Oh my god. Termini's cannolis blow that other place's (Isgro's) cannolis right out of the water!!!" And the rest is history.
To me, this is the best of all of the Termini locations.  Although there is no place to sit, the neighbrhood it is in gives it a true Italian feel. On weekends, there are often musicians inside the front door playing as you browse their aisles of goodness. Samples are abound and you get the one on one attention you deserve. You can't find this at the often busy and understaffed Reading Terminal location, or the corporate feeling Comcast Center location.

Of course the Canollis are the best. My favorite are the ones with chocolate chips, but you have read that in the other reviews here on Yelp. If you get a chance, definitely visit this location!
BE CAREFUL   VERY CAREFUL     termini brothers is a conundrum    i would award their chocolate chip pound cake  5 stars if it would not confuse many people about what i think about their baked goods    i ordered my wedding cake their   tasteless and dry    they replaced it with another tasteless and dry cake     i have tried at least 8 cakes there and they are dry and or tasteless   a shame    a co worker got me hooked on their chocolate chip pound cake   it is spectacular   five stars   however  all the other cakes of their including their cheese cake i would rate 2 stars at best   and most probably 1 star    a shame for a Philadelphia institution  a shame
The best cannolis in Philadelphia!! I've never been to their shop - I just pick them up at Redding Terminal.

WWJD - he would buy his canolis from Termini Brothers, that's what he'd do.

Don't get me started on chocolate chip cannolis - anything but plain is an abomination in my book.

I look forward to every trip to Philadelphia partly because of these incredible cannolis - thanks Termini Brothers!!!
Stopped in over the weekend for the ever famous canoli which is always delicious! I was not pleased that nothing was marked in the store with regard to what things were or their corresponding prices. I felt like like they might give regulars better pricing and take advantage of the tourists or people who stop in less frequently. 

Don't go unless you have money to spend...
a whopping $50 for a large italian rum cake, $20./a pound for coconut macaroons!, $15.00 for a small cheesecake (not NY style)  and $4 & $5 for most desserts. Oh and the canoli's are $3.50 each but well worth it!
The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.

After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  

Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.
My first and very last experience wasn't good. Picked cupcake I wanted only to get followed around like I was going to not pay for it. The employee then asked to take cupcake from me until I was done. I didn't see any signs anywhere or anyone else being approached. Not only turned me off from returning but I've made better cupcakes from a box.
Home of the delightfully decadent, most melts-in-your-mouth, leaves you wanting more, love at first bite, marble cheesecake I have ever had in my life. This place is adorable. I like that the staff actually picks, packs your desserts for you, as opposed to rando's grabbing, breaking, touching everything (gross). This is going to be a staple for each of my visits to this great city.
Termini Bros is HEAVEN. Everything in here is phenomenal.

There are a few locations throughout the city, but this is the original. I like it because there is a large parking lot next door. 

When you enter the store, you are met by an employee with a metal tray. Don't go grabbing cookies on your on! That's what this employee is here for. They walk around with you and help you pick what you want. They stay with you for your entire visit.

My personal favorite thing in the entire place are the Pignoli / pine nut cookies. I can't get enough of them. My Brasilian family lose their minds over them! They are about $35lb, but well worth it in my opinion. They also have amazing canolis and coconut macaroons!

Termini Bros is a MUST STOP every time I visit the Philly area!
The best baked goods, the best service, great selection, easy to park in their lot (when it isn't too crowded), and now they ship across the country!  What could be better. I ordered some biscotti shipped to a friend from South Philly who was in the hospital in South Carolina and they arrived in perfect condition and fresh.  Prices are above average but the quality is well worth the expense.
When you think of South Philly bakeries, none comes to mind more prominently than the original Termini Brothers Bakery on 8th St. Often times, institutions cannot live up their their huge reputations. This place is the exception that proves the rule. 

What more could you want out of a bakery? From the comfortable buzz of the neon sign outside to the old style black and white tiles inside, this place has it all. It just feels like home. The pastries are laid out in the middle of the room, family style on an island. The aroma is decadent. It is truly indescribable how overpowering it is walking through the door. You have smelled bakeries before, but until you go into Termini's, you just dont know how good a bakery can smell. 

The service is wonderful. South Philly girl dressed in Termini's unmistakable white scrubs kindly assist in picking out the pasteries. They are a wealth of information. 

As for the sweets, my god. The cannoli is nothing short of perfect. The shell is crunchy and darker than most. The ricotta filling is unearthly. Heavier, creamier than most, this is a serious dessert. I have been getting these cannolis for over 20 years, and I have yet to find one that can compete. 

The cakes are amazing. Their Italian cream- yes please.  Tarrone, a seasonal favorite, is looked forward to be many as a sure sign of cooler weather. Hell, even the boxes they use inspire nostalgia and a whet pallet.

If I had to choose a last meal, it would go like this. Fried mac n cheese balls from the Sidecar. Royal burger. Kenzinger. And I would top it off with a cup of coffee and a cannoli from Terminis. 

It's that fucking good.
The best Termini location in the city due to the convenience of parking, the friendly and ever helpful staff and the large selection of cakes, cookies, cannolis and coffee. I came here to get small cakes and cookies for my friend's birthday and everyone there was very accomodating. From the moment I walked in, I was welcomed and assisted by a young lady (whose name I cannot recall unfortunately) and she was super sweet in helping me without pushing me to purchase.
The cakes are always a crowd pleaser - particularly the tiramisu and the carrot cake! Give them a try :)
Best cannoli you'll ever have.  My favorite thing about this place is that they fill your cannoli to order. You can also have the filling on the side if you want to fill it later.  I've had the cannolis sit overnight in my refrigerator and the shell was still crisp so I question how long some other places fill their cannolis in advance when they get soft/soggy. The best filling is the ricotta. Not overly sweet and a good balance of chocolate chips mixed in with it. 

I've tried the other desserts too and they're all amazing. My other favorites include the mini red velvet cake, zeppole (when available), pecan bar, and chocolate covered banana. They also serve La Colombe coffee which is the best coffee.

Staff is always super friendly and very knowledgeable.
For my birthday, my friend suprised me with a Chocolate Strawberry Shortcake. It looked OH SO GOOD. Looks can be deceiving...

The cake was dry and tasteless. The only good thing about it were the fresh strawberries.

I'll stick to Tiffany's.
Great experience trying my very first canolli ever! They have their very own parking lot for customers which was a plus!
This bakery factory location is the golden gate to pastry heaven.   

I stopped in for a cannoli fix and was transfixed by the Art Deco door perfectly transfixed in time.  Next, going through the door, the smells of fine pastries and yeast wafting around my head sent me into a dizzying spin.   You want it, it's there.   Tea cakes, cookies all manner of confections.  As far as the matter of their reputed cannoli, they have 3 types of cheese fillings, traditional, vanilla, and chocolate added after you order.  The service is old-school with servers in white bakers clothing wrapping boxes of goodies with string.  There is a great reason this is a Philly tradition.
We shared a blueberry lemon poundcake that very moist and tasty. Huge selection of baked goods! Everything looked amazing. Very friendly staff even though they were busy.
Best cheesecake in the city. So rich and delicious. 10/10 would recommend every time. They have a very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Great place to get some fresh baked treats.
Hmmmm, the other reviews are making me think I may have chosen the wrong baked good to enjoy.

My $1.50 cupcake was pretty disgusting. Too big, covered in tasteless sprinkles and with a less-than-sweet cream center, my Termini experience resulted in my having a stomachache, not a smile. I guess you get what you pay for when it comes to cupcakes...
Termini's is an absolute institution here in Philly. Every time you walk into their store, you are just met with a wall of sweet and decadent aromas. We always get our cakes from here, and I personally swear by their carrot cake. The small personal size is just the right size to treat yourself without overindulging! But make sure you guys come and try their famous cannolis as well.
For sure the best cannolis in Philly! When I've had cannolis in the past, the shell is usually a bit soggy, but that is not at all the case at Termini. The shell is crispy and the filling is rich and creamy, but not TOO sweet. I've tried the chocolate chip ricotta cheese filling and the vanilla Italian cream filling and although the vanilla is good... I favor the chocolate chip ricotta!
This place is OK. Nothing special.  If its your first time you'll get a couple samples and a free coffee across the street.
Order a full Italian rum cake for my husband birthday. $$$ The cake was curdled and inedible. Phoned the store and they asked us to bring it back. Brought it back to the flagship location and the lady behind the counter could see the cake was spoiled. She went into the back and checked the dates of the cakes (visible to us in the store), pulling cakes and recirculating. She came back out and asked us if we wanted a store credit. We said no we want a refund. We decided to get a few slices to sing happy birthday with and the girl charged us for the slices and handed me the difference from what we paid for the cake. I wrote a letter to their corporate people and sent it via email with no response to date. 

I had an appt near the Packer street location today. Decided to get some cupcakes and have to say they were dry, stale, and had limited icing and filling. 

Terminis used to be great but very disappointed lately. I will not be going back.
The best cannoli i ever had. The chocolate coffee cake was also very good. Will stop back again very soon...today most likely.
I ordered the chocolate cannoli. I feel like the shell was stale and the filling was bland. Doesn't taste like chocolate! And it's not smooth and rich/creamy. It is over overwhelmingly sweet...
I think I just got carried away after seeing all those delicious pictures someone posted of the pastries there... so I went over with a friend the next day and picked up the chocolate chip cannoli, two cupcakes, and a carrot cake.

I've read all the people raving about the fantastic cannolis there, and I've decided that it's just a Philly thing. I grew up in CT and this was actually the first one that I ever tried. It was ... meh; alright, a little too creamy and sweet. The other two things I got were pretty generic and tasted like it too. I didn't feel like they were anything special at all.

On the plus side, they give free samples for their pastries :)
Not a Fan!  I normally go to Isgro's, but decided to try Termini Bros for comparison.  

There seems to be some real differences between the two.  Termini's has a parking lot...Isgro's it's the street.  Termini's has someone who walks around with a tray to help you....Isgor's they stay behind the counter.  Termini's has $20/lb biscotti and cookies, which you don't know the cost til they weight them and you see that $20/lb entered on the scale....SURPRISE!  Isgro's has cannoli, a carrot cake, and a red velvet cake that are super!

I got an assortment of cookies and some cannoli from Termini.  We've eaten some of the cookies and some are better than others.  None are worth the $20/lb price tag in my book.  My brother-in-law in CA makes his own biscotti and we would rate his as good or better.  

After dinner last night, we had the cannoli filled with ricotta and some filled with vanilla something.  All four family members tasted some of both.  Both were good to me, with my preference being the ricotta with flakes of chocolate in it.  Same with my son.  The shells were light and delicious.  My wife quickly voted "back to Isgro's".

I wish Termini Bros well, but they probably won't be seeing me pass through there doors too soon.  They've been around long before my visit and I'm sure they will be around long into the future.  If I was single, I could go to either Isgro's or Termini Bros for cannoli.  Since I'm not and the family has found other favorites at Isgro's, the scales tip to Christian Street and Isgro's.
Apalled I haven't ever reviewed Termini Brothers! I love this place, and everything in and about it. People are rightly effusive about the cannoli, but I have to toot the horn of the cupcakes. Man, the cupcakes are my jam. Chocolate, vanilla, whatever they're all amazing. My other favorite is the blueberry breakfast cake - I bring some home with me to Connecticut for the holidays and it's always a huge hit. The staff are helpful and friendly and can point you in the right direction if you're debating about how much to buy or which kind of pastry to get. 

Termini is a wonderful institution, and if you're an out-of-towner, it's worth going off the beaten path for. Love love love.
Stopped by here for a quick cannoli on an impromptu food tour of Philadelphia. Honestly, coming from Boston, the land of mike's pastry, this cannoli was underwhelming. The cannoli shell was delicious and cinnamony but the ricotta was a bit bland. I was also a little disturbed to find fruit pieces in my ricotta filling which I did NOT expect. I'll try the reading terminal location, but honestly I was underwhelmed for a Philadelphia "must try"
As soon as i walked in i was quickly given candy cane cake which was delicious.  I got biscotti and a canolli and when i commented that i wanted to try a pignoli and she didnt hesitate to give me one to try.  

Between the wonderful desserts and amazing costumer service if i ever go back to Philly i would make this a visit.
Ah Cannoli mecca!! Ah Termini! How I love thee...even when not a perfect experience and I've left all my money with you.

I am drawn to visiting the original Art Deco building when I'm in Philadelphia because it always takes me back in time. Outside you see a grand old neon sign, buzzing away, beaconing you to take a photo from just underneath at dusk (I have and do each visit). 

Walking in the door, you are struck by the mother of all dessert buffets: a grand wood and glass open display case (no touching!) that you can quickly imagine has been in use over 100 years. Surrounding that are other antique display cases and marble filled with myriad sweet loveliness. Looking up, you see an almost perfect specimen of a tin-ceiling and trim. 

Employees dressed in simple uniforms greet you and become your personal guides usually. In the case of the Christmas holidays as when I visited this week, you see them after an extended wait wrapped around said buffet case!! Our wait was 45 minutes and I felt lucky, though my companions may disagree with me.

They get a tray and select whatever you show an interest in. I'm sure if it wasn't Christmas, I may have gotten some delectable samples. But with a building filled with slightly cranky, rushed folks looking to get on their holiday way, I"m thinking that was frowned on. Your personal Termini guide can also explain what these all are since there are no identifying tags to say (for the novice such as myself) what I am drooling over. Once done, they box your pastries up old-school style, in a white cardboard box and tie it by hand with string and a smile. Lovely!

My friend who was originally from Philadelphia always recommends I get the Cheesecake (he says that is "to die for") but since I haven't had yet, I can't speak to it. It looked tasty but plain. I'm sure it's not based on other experiences here. I find sometimes the simplest item hides a joy-ride of flavors. 

I enjoy the Torrone and the Cannoli is really fabulous. Let me say I'm not a Cannoli fan. My sister is. I have tried to love them over the years but just can't find it in me. These Cannoli are really different. The shell is thicker--with some umph behind it. The cream inside (I got the originals) wasn't sickeningly sweet as some are, but creamy and fills your mouth in a little adventure ride. I really liked it and will have it again. 

That said, my companion who taste-tested with me also loved the Cannoli (we got 2) but was less interested in the Torrone (we got 2). She felt they were too sweet, though she enjoyed the fresh pistachio (I think). We picked up Biscotti (3) for others and between the 7 items we were shocked back to sanity when the bill was tallied, by hand of course with a pad and pencil. I always forget how costly everything is. I guess no names showing also means no pricing showing--a great way to get those visiting to follow their hearts and not their heads. Then again, we all could do with following out hearts more in this world.

Either way, we stopped there and decided next trip up to Philly from Maryland we would try a few other items. We will save up for the trek I think.

Come to Termini for the flavors--the old school vibe, the lovely Art Deco building, the framed shots of the famous who have visited over the years (think Frank Sinatra) and the gorgeous photo-worthy neon outside. Yes, it's spendy. But it's the experience and one day we won't have those experiences to visit...
Termini was the first Italian bakery I'd ever been to. We dropped by on a chilly winter day and I went nuts looking at all the confections. I spent $30 (seemed a little steep...didn't know prices of everything but I was being a tourist so I didn't ask). I got two fig pastries, four biscotti (the chocolate ones were rather small), two large cannoli (one vanilla one ricotta), and a tiramisu.

At home (uncles) consuming these delights, I found the biscotti good and the fig pastries ok. Unfortunately I have had better tiramisu in Italian restaurants I worked at in So Cal, I like tasting the liquor. The ricotta cannoli was unbelievably good (even though the shell had gotten soggy)...I could taste the cheese and the filling was the perfect sweetness. Sigh..if only they sold them in Hawaii so I don't have to resort to the tasteless ones at whole foods.
Located in a area called Passyunk Square, this very old school Italian bakery reminds me of San Francisco North Beach old Italian Bakeries as well. I had my most awesome Ricotta filling Cannoli's quiet a few years ago in SF. Very memorable, that being in Philadelphia, I learn that you can't go wrong with Temini Bros famous Cannoli's. 

The shop is very classic and inviting from a distance, wow what a Great sign!! Very clean and the smell alone invites you to try more than one tantalizing baked offerings. Along with Cannoli's, Almond cookies and Pignoli was a small treat I'm saving for the next day.
5 stars, no arguing there. Termini Bros has been a staple in my family and I am proud to say I grew up on their ricotta chocolate chip cannoli.  ;)  Top quality ingredients coupled with personal care make for truly decadent bakery items.  You would be doing yourself a disfavor if you miss a stop at Termini Bros.  I recommend visiting Reading Terminal Market and seeing their shop there.  Happy eating!
We used Termini Brothers for our wedding cake.  Cake was raspberry swirl poundcake with buttercream icing. The cake was so moist and delicious, the little bit I got to try. Looking forward to eating the top on the first anniversary. We made several different changes to the design of the cake, and it looked exactly like I had asked.
We stopped by Termini on our way home from Philly to bring dessert to a relative's.  We tried the three types of cannoli (ricotta, vanilla cream, chocolate cream).  The ricotta were the best of the three, and they were very good (shells stayed crisp for the 7 hours until we ate them).  The cream ones were tasty, but I'd probably get all ricotta next time.

The biscotti were not too hard, which was a plus, because I always fear breaking teeth when I bite into one.  The chocolate were ok, not super chocolatey, but the cranberry pistachio were ideal.

We tried one of the mini cakes, chocolate with chocolate and butterscotch frosting.  The cake was light and the chocolate frosting was flavorful, but the butterscotch didn't taste like much at all.

I was sad they did not carry Napoleons :(

Termini was solid, but I would probably try another bakery before going back, just to see what else was available.
I'm not Italian. But I know italian pastries and this place is REAL DEAL.  Amazing cookies that will impress your friends and be yummy in your tummy. I didn't get a chance to have a cannolli on my most recent visit and that is my only regret.
Holy Cannoli! This place is awesome!

Upon walking in, you stand face-to-face with what looks like the worlds greatest dessert buffet. With twinkle in eye, mouth agape, you then notice that there are no signs labeling any of the tasty treats set before you. As you slip into a trembling panic, a kind smile and motherly voice informs you that she is there to guide you through your treat choosing journey. Your very own dessert mentor. She walks around with you explaining all of the goodies and will give you recommendations upon request.

What you really need to know: the Cannolis. Get acquainted with them. Don't even think about leaving this place without one. They are filled to order, and are by far the most decadent, delicious cannolis I have ever tasted. The shells are magnificent and fresh. They offer vanilla or some other filling, don't fall for it. Go for the traditional ricotta filling. Smooth and creamy, broken up in texture by tiny chocolate chips. I can't even think about them without salivating uncontrollably.

If you're near the Italian market and need a sugar fix, definitely stop in and check this place out. Just make sure your wallet is healthy, because it will take a small beating at the register.
A few years ago I had some free time the day before Christmas Eve and decided to pick up a box of cannoli (with ricotta filling), some of those pecan square, and a sfogliatella for my family in north jersey. 

Well, that bit me in the ass. Every year for a few weeks prior to Christmas (note the date on this posting...) the god damn phone calls begin: "Are you gonna get the cannoli?" "Make sure you grab an extra sfogliatella for aunt florence" "I think we'll need at least a dozen cannoli" "Make sure you don't get them filled more than a day ahead of time."

My purpose now, as far as my family is concerned, is to deliver cannoli orders and shuttle Italian pastries across state lines. That's it. That's what my life has become.

So thank you Termini. You have made a product so good that it has irreparably damaged my Christmas! Now, I'm just the "cannoli guy" in the eyes of my grandmother.
HOLY CANNOLI!!!!!!
Another delicous place in a city I don't live in! Hips rejoice!!!

Seriously though, this was the best cannoli I've ever had.
I want another one. NOW.

We also tried:

3. Tiramisu mini cake
2. Lemon mini cake
1. Neopolitan mini cake
And I rate them in that order! 
 
Tiramisu cake was good, but a little too sweet for me. BF liked it more than I did.
Lemon cake was better, bf said he thought it should be a whole layer of lemon curd, not just in the middle
Neopolitan was the best... I don't particularly like strawberry flavored things, but this was delicious! 

Not much was going on late in the afternoon, but we took the tour anyway and it was cool to see the kitchen.
The staff was all smiles and the most welcoming I've encountered in a long time.
I will absolutely be back here on my next trip to Philly.... 
which will probably be next weekend. HAHAHA.
BEST CANNOLIS EVER! The one in Washington Twp. Nj and RTM are just as good!  They do funny things to me those cannolis! Wooohoooo!
Get the cheese cannoli. So good. Like oh-my-god, holy-crap, this is f-in amazing good.
I'm not a pastry or dessert expert but Termini Bros Bakery has the best cannolis I have ever had...a must try is the Original Cannoli with Ricotta Cheese and Chocolate Chips. Staff and service is also very friendly and accommodating!
Just visited here and couldn't agree more with one of the other reviewers...while this place is a throwback it has gotten over the top expensive. 1 lb cookies, 2 almond horns, and a box of pizzelles.. $40! Are you kiddin me Tony?.. Will not be back until they reduce their prices. Better values in town than this. What a shame to do this to their customers. Count me out!!
We received a Termini Bros cookie tray as a gift from one of our contractors today. After sampling several of the different cookies I have to say I am impressed. Fresh, good flavors, just good cookies!

Since it was a gift I have a hard time saying this but, I would NOT pay 20 dollars a pound for them. I understand they have a long history in the area as being the best etc etc but I just can't see spending that kind of money on cookies. Sorry, my wife makes better cookies for much less. 

I would like to try their cannolis, I hear they are the best.
South Philly classic!  I don't care what race you are, if you are from Philly and have family in South Philly, you grew up on Termini Brothers!  The cake here is good, but the cannolis, WHAT????  best ever...you will fight over them!  We have fought over them!
Yum! Bring your visitors to the real deal bakery! Cannolis are filled in the spot. Lots of traditional Italian pastries are available. La Columbe coffee available, as well. Def go get yourself one each of three delicious cannoli choices!
This past weekend before Saturday's Phillies game my son and I decided to do the cannoli taste test between Termini's and Isgro's.  We both sampled a variety and we both gave the slight nod to Termini's.   You can't go wrong either way.  Termini's service was outstanding.  They also have a parking lot and had live music in their store.
I happened by the flagship store of the Termini empire by happenstance after all these years of buying at their various other locations.   Thie store is a time capsule of a bygone era and you will wax nostalgic upon entering as it will remind you of stories told by previous generations - from the sign out front to the vintage bakery tools to the faded photographs of the original proprietors.   It's worth a stop just for that.

I stopped in on a Friday morning and was greeted by two pleasant people.   I got a brief history of this location and the original location across the street.  Service is congenial and slower than what you would receive elsewhere but in a pleasant way.

There five different large sections of desserts and cookies, some refrigerated and others not.   The cannoli are excellent of course, but the traditional chocolate chip ones were missing the ends dipped in more chips.   The little round cake pastries are good as well but I find that their vanilla cream that they use in their eclairs and some of their cakes falls a little flat, needing either a bit more sugar or vanilla.   The limoncello is quite good.

I had some order envy when another customer walked in behind me and ordered three little rum cakes.   The aroma was fabulous.

Service was good.  Parking on the street can be challenging but there is a Termini lot just south of the store on 8th Street.  It is wheelchair accessible as well.
Visiting Termini's - especially around the holiday - is a treat within itself.  I will admit, I haven't visited in a while.  My last trip was several months back.  They had small band playing - which was pretty nice.  The staff was very helpful!  I usually come here when I am entertaining my family and feeding them cannoli (which is not as often as they'd like).
The best, authentic cannolis...out of this world! I love the vanilla kind. If you never had a cannoli, you have no idea what you're missing. They're $3 but its absolutely worth it (they're huge!). I'm planning to get my birthday cake here and thanks to the Yelpers below I think I know what I'll get =D
Every year on Christmas Eve my dad takes a ride into Philly to pick up so sweet treats at Termini Brothers;  words can not describe how delicious their cannoli are! The filling is so creamy yet not overly sweet. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
Their baked goods are great but they try to pressure me into buying more every time I go in there. I just want a cannoli, not a high pressure sales situation.
