There are two items that will keep me coming back to Termini Bros Bakery at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia, PA.  

Their Cannolis are DELICIOUS!!!!  Perfect balance of yummy Ricotta filling in a fresh crispy shell!!  Best I've had outside of Boston!
 
Their Pecan Diamond is so Sinfully Fantastic!!  This bar shaped treat is packed with yummyness, and it is worth every single calorie!!

Termini Bros is absolutely one of my "Must Visit" destinations at Reading Terminal Market.  They should be yours as well!
I came by on my most recent visit to RTM last weekend.  I'd heard the cannoli was a must-try here, so I picked one up.  Specifically, I ordered one with ricotta filling with chocolate chips, since several other reviewers said this was the one to get.

I ate the cannoli while standing in line for Beiler's to get a dozen donuts for my family.  From the first bite, the cannoli made the wait not only tolerable, but worthwhile!  The outer shell was crispier than any cannoli I've ever had before, and the filling was silky smooth and rich, with just the right amount of chocolate chips mixed in.  Also, the cannoli was larger than I'd expected (about 6" x 2.5").  This was, by far, the best cannoli I've ever eaten!  I think the fact that they're filled on order makes a huge difference, but it's more than just that, since I've had other cannolis that were filled on site before that weren't as good.  The quality and freshness of ingredients sets these cannolis apart in deliciousness!

Service was a bit slower than I'd like, but this was no doubt due to the fact that only one woman was working the counter at the time that I stopped by (4pm on a Sat.).  Sure, the cannoli was a bit pricy at $4, but unlike at least one other cannoli I've eaten at that price, it was well worth it.  It's definitely a must-try item at RTM!
BEST CANNOLI EVER!

*Clouds in the sky parted, sun beams rays directly down on Termini, heavenly angels sing, and this cannoli appeared to bring joy and delight to all those on earth.*

Choice of fillings: Chocolate, Vanilla, Cheese & Chocolate Chips.  The later of which is what I had.  

$3.00 for one and worth every penny!  Perfectly crunchy pastry shell, smooth, sweet, cream with chocolate chips, powdered sugar sprinkled on top. Thank God for the local Philadelphian who send me here for one.  WOW!  I nearly fainted with delight.

(They have other items too... candy, sfogliatelle - baked ricotta cheese, orange peel. and cinnamon, fig bars, cookies, coconut macaroons, cakes of all kinds,)

This stuff is so good that you can order it and have it shipped anywhere in the US.  6 cannoli for $40, 12 for $60.  Order them for a party and you won't be sorry!  You can also call their 800 number - 800-882-7650.
When you find yourself standing in front of Termini Bros Bakery, you can't help but stare.  Well lit displays slammed full of pastries and treats make your mouth ready to be stuffed.

Staff know the drill and many posed for the camera when you're taking pics of their displays...needless to say, it's a friendly bunch.  

They make their cannolis right in front of you, filling the empty shell with cream that looked great.  Sadly I didn't buy one of these.  We instead shared their Lemon cream cake.  

Geez this thing was popping with citrus flavors and sweetness that made me sad that we didn't buy more!  Located near the rear of Reading Terminal, Termini Bros Bakery seems to have a crowd always, and while there's no seating at the bakery, there's plenty of places to sit in the Terminal.

Really enjoyed my Time at Termini Bros Bakery, and my only gripe is that we didn't buy more.  Do me a favor and buy some of their treats and enjoy!
I have found my cannoli happy place, and it is at Termini Bros Bakery at Reading Terminal Market. When walking around Reading Terminal, Termini Bros caught my eye because they were filling fresh cannolis to order. I previously tried Isgro Pastries, marketed as the "best cannoli," but Termini Bros is where it's at.

$4 for one cannoli and they accept credit cards! (Let's just say I spent all my cash in Chinatown.) When you order, they ask if you want chocolate chips (of course!) and powdered sugar (go big or go home). Perfectly creamy, not overly sweet ricotta filling, sprinkled with chocolate chips, and in a crisp shell that holds up. Add this to my "usuals" at Reading Terminal Market!
It had been a while since I had good cannoli and Termini Bros. delivered while I was spending a weekend in Philadelphia. This Italian bakery is located inside of Reading Terminal Market, which is an incredible place for any kind of foodie at all.

I got 4 cannoli that I would save for dinner that night. It is usually a good idea to eat a cannolo shortly after purchasing, to enjoy the crispy shell before it gets soft from the filling. The cannoli at Termini Bros. are filled on-demand (which is the ideal way). You can choose from a vanilla custard or the more traditional ricotta. My favorite pastry filling is probably sweetened ricotta, having spent most of my life eating cream puffs filled with ricotta from Mozzicato on Franklin Avenue in Hartford, CT. I asked about chocolate chips being present, as I am not a fan of this addition to the velvety smooth filling, and was informed that in fact, their ricotta mixture does have chocolate chips. Having read the reviews before coming to Termini Bros., I winced slightly and bought the cannoli anyway. At an average of 4 stars, I repeated silently to myself that 90 Yelpers cannot steer me wrong. For good measure, I also picked up tiramisu, presented in single-serving, round torte form.

That night, I helped prepare dinner for a really interesting group of people and shared my cannoli with them. I was smiling from ear-to-ear, pleased that I had not stuffed myself silly with the pork chop and orzo from dinner and glad that Yelpers did not let me down. The cannolo was delicious and the chocolate chips are actually more like shavings, not the chips that you find in your grocery store's baking aisle. This was absolutely acceptable, as I did not have to chomp on the chocolate.

I had the tiramisu the next day and even though it spent a day in the fridge, it was also very good. Good coffee flavor and the delicate mascarpone paired well with the cake layers.

Not only does this bakery have a decent selection of Italian pastries, cookies, and cakes, it is located in a wonderfully bustling market that makes for a fun experience. Whether you are a Philly resident or a visitor to the "Cradle of Liberty," check out Termini Bros. Bakery when you have a hankering for something sweet.
Do Ya know the intro to duck tales ? The part where scrooge Mcduck does a swan dive into a pile of coins ? 
Well, substitute coins for cannoli filling and that's me if I'm a Millionaire. 
I'm not sure how it'll be done or if it's even possible but hey, I can dream. 

You know you have a food problem ... or eating disorder when you find yourself using a spoon to steal the filling from the extra cannoli's that you didn't need in the first place. Less calories if you don't eat the shell right ? F me. I have issues. 

Like the location on 8th Street in South Philly, Termini's gets it right. 
I've had several visits to Termini's over the years and never had anything bad. 
Definitely my favorite bakery in Philly
(Stocks for pound cake)

Cheesecake,cookies,cupcakes and their cannolis are literally the best in Philly (in my opinion) 

Pricey ? Yes. Worth it ? Yes. 

Side note : I ran into my cousin while waiting in line (It's a small world) When asked what she recommends, she said everything. 

So go ahead and pick anything.
I love Termini Brothers... 

This bakery is awesome..

However I didnt like the dirty look she shot after someone of "color" asked for a job application...  Im not a shallow person and I know what I saw we not in the 1960's grow up lady

This wont affect me not coming here but I think I'll skip and go to Comcast Center....
Cannolis!!!! They have become my new obsession, seriously. 

I tried the anise biscotti (per Brian S.'s review :) and it was good! Tasted a tad too licoricey for my liking, but I was impressed by the texture and crumb that the actual biscotti had to it. Typically biscotti is either too rock hard or too, too stale tasting, but their biscotti was wonderfully executed.

More importantly though, the cannoli I got from here was to die for.

When I first walked up to Termini Bros in the Market, I was freaking out because I didn't see any cannoli in the display cases. Then I realized, duh, they can't be sitting out all day and getting soggy - they're always stuffed to order! Yay! Sure enough, I asked the lady behind the counter and she came back with that beautifully ricotta-stuffed shell :)

When I dug into the masterpiece shortly thereafter, I could not stop eating it. I had mentally prepared myself for this internal conflict that I knew I would face at first bite...and I had planned on stopping there with just a taste...but, I soon realized the impossibility of that intention. It was just too delicious :)
It's a must stop anytime in Reading Terminal Market for a quick snack, if not for a large order.  Let me just preface this review that I've only come here for their cannoli's. 

Their cannoli's are sick.  The ricotta cheese with chocolate chip reigns king here as the go to order, though I'm a personal fan of the vanilla flavor.  The custard to carb combination is just one of a kind and has a great mix of texture against the cannoli shell.  The chocolate cannoli's come in at a not so distant third to the other flavors.

A bit pricey for each, but worth the coin for a quick snack or dozen.
Cannoli!

Located inside the Reading Terminal Market, this place is offering some delicious baked goods. Employees are friendly and quick. Our order was wrapped neatly. Their cannoli is made to order and super fresh. They also offer mini cakes, larger cakes, cookies, cheesecakes, etc. Everything we tried was excellent and you can taste the quality ingredients used. 

So glad we got to try this place out.
There comes a time when you have to do something outside your job description. No, really, it happens. Take this as an example: finding cupcakes decorated to honor the current World Series champs to help make the next work day, uh, well, more entertaining. Now, where the hell do I find such cupcakes at the last minute in an unfamiliar territory? Well, you would think Yelp, right? Right. That's exactly what I did. Fortunately for me, Termini had been selling cupcakes with "P" in red icing, and I planned on getting here as soon as they opened the next morning. The women working there that morning were very friendly and surprisingly bright-eyed (late night game/late night celebrations) getting what looked like a million "P" cupcakes ready for the day. They were very careful in packing up 36 cupcakes for me, tying up nicely each box and giving me a ton of plastic bags to carry. Thanks to them, I was able to get such a random request at the last minute. In addition to cupcakes, they have quite a selection of biscotti, cheesecake, cookies, and other delicious looking pastries. I didn't have time to get anything else, but I bookmarked it to remind me to come back. Oh yeah...the cupcakes were a hit!
The cheese cannoli is the best you can get in Center City. Also, the cheesecake is amazing, perfectly dense and sweet. No need for any fruit topping, it is flavorful enough. I have had their fruit tart and chocolate covered banana as well, both lovely. 

My only complaints are I think it is a bit overpriced and there aren't any signs on most the cases so you have to ask what everything is, which can result in a long line.
I am not quite sure why there are always such rave reviews for this place....I have never found that their cakes match the reviews.

Taste:  I got one of their classic layer cakes and was sorely disappointed with its taste.  The frosting was crunchy and grainy - not smooth and delicious as I would have hoped.  The cake itself was a little dry and overall flavorless.  I have gotten a few other cakes in the past and do not remember the exact type, but I do remember always being disappointed and wishing I had spent my money somewhere else.

Price:  Don't get me wrong, I am happy to pay a decedent dime for a delicious treat - but here you will pay a decent dime for something not good at all.  I thought that the price and reputation show a quality cake is made here - but I have tried at least three cakes here and never found it to be a good deal.

Service:  It is sometimes difficult to get the attention of the people behind the counter - they like to chat with each other.  They are nice enough when you know what you want to order, but they are not too helpful in providing recommendations.  When I asked for help the woman responded with a very lackadaisical attitude - she wasn't excited about making a sale nor the cakes she is selling.  Additionally I asked her to write something on the cake and once I got it home I realized that she had written on the cake upside down - the writing on the cake and the flowers on the cake were facing different directions so that something was always upside down.

Overall:  Too expensive for being untasty.  Go somewhere else.
This family owned and operated bakery has been a Philadelphia staple for 95 years. They specialize in great Italian desserts and pastries which range from zeppole, cannoli, cookies, confections and wedding cakes. Everything is fresh and looks mouthwatering and their signature cannolis are filled to order. Today we tried their cannoli and the shells were fresh and crispy and the filling was flavorful and silky. If your walking through Reading Terminal Market and need something sweet they have plenty to offer.
I agree with Joy G.  The cannolli are filled to order, the taralli are the real deal, sfolliatelle,  EVERYTHING is delicious and amazing.  Be sure to order in advance for holidays like Xmas and Easter - they get BUSY.

Can't wait to visit the original location.
Termini Bros makes delicious & fresh Italian pastries! Their cannolis are my favorite and probably the best I've had in Philly! The cannoli shell is perfectly fried and adds a nice crunch with each bite! The ricotta filling is subtlety sweet and creamy. There's enough chocolate chips in the filling that you get little in each bite! The desserts at Termini Bros are definitely a purchase when you walk by a location!
Went here to check out the world-famous cannolis--the line can be long sometimes, but everything moves so efficiently.

Definitely a must stop at the Reading Market as they are very tasty and only $3 a pop.
Fantastic cannolis that are arguably the best in the city (the other being Isgro). However, everything else they sell is honestly average.  Bottom line - come for the cannolis and forget the rest.
#1 cannoli/dessert in Reading Terminal.

My husband and I came to Reading Terminal and got a little of this and a little of that.  We both agreed the cannoli was hands-down the best food we ate.  I don't know enough about cannolis to know why.  They just are.

Eat one.  You will not be disappointed.
Haven't gone there in a while, but from what I can tell, their vanilla cannoli is pretty good, though I know I'm not a cannoli expert.

But I do enjoy some of their biscotti flavors! I think I tried raspberry almond and cappucino flavored biscottis and they were pretty good.

fyi: $15 minimum for credit cards I believe.
This is what you need to know about this place, especially the South Philly location - it is a staple of Philadelphia and the South Philly store is the first and most famous one.

As someone who comes from a traditional Italian family who additionally, originates in South Philly (after Italy), I can tell you that the goods they sell here are the most traditional and most high quality you can get in Philadelphia or the surrounding areas.
The cannoli are out of this world, as well as the traditional cookies such as the pinnoli cookies.

The place is always packed, but around the holidays, it's obscene.  Just make sure you get there at the crack of dawn on Christmas Eve morning or else you could be in line for hours (even though they are working really fast back there), that's how many people pour into Terminis around Christmas time!
The husband was in need of a cannoli and Termini Bros. was offering Gold Medal Italian pastries. After we placed our order, the manager rounded up three new employees for a lesson in filling cannoli shells. I asked if I could watch; I am here to tell you that was a fun and educational experience. A huge bag of ricotta cheese with chocolate chip filling (the original as I was told and no marscopone as someone in Denver had said) was hung from a hook to make piping the filling in the shell easier. So, you pipe in one side, starting in the center and bring to the edge and end with a curl. Repeat on the other side, sprinkle with powdered sugar and viola! a delicious Italian pastry. Just perfect for an afternoon treat and large enough to split.
Solid 4 stars for the delicious tiramisu alone!

It was the best thing I ate at Reading Terminal Market! It was also the first thing we DEVOURED because we were so hungry....but it was tasty!
The staff was friendly enough and we were able to find somewhere in the general area to set up and eat.
I would absolutely come back for baked goods and sweets from Termini Bros!
Everything you've read about Termini's cheese & chocolate chip cannolis is true and not an exaggeration.  They are PERFECT!!!  I've never tried anything else they make, because why bother?!?  The cannolis are like manna from God.  I really like cannolis, so I buy them every chance I get.  I've bought them from lots of different places, so I think I have a good frame of reference.  And truly, Termini's are the best I've ever had.  The key is the simple, quality ingredients and the fact that they stuff them to order.  You'll NEVER get a soggy cannoli from any Termini bakery.  They are truly Fan-freaking-tabulous!!!!
I was on a trip to Philadelphia when I had my very first Cannolis there and OMG I wasn't disappointed! 

Fresh, sweet, and addictive are the best three words to describe my Cannolis experience! The filling comes in three different flavours, chocolate, vanilla, and ricotta with chocolate chips. I tried the ricotta and chocolate chips one and I can't even describe how heavenly it was. 

On the other hand, I tried their Éclaires, naah not that good and I definitely had better ones in several other places. But hey, it's an Italian shop, didn't expect them to make great French pastry anyways.

I live in VA but I'd drive all the way back to Philly for those cannolis. 
Bottom line, this place gets 5 stars from me because of the cannollis.
Looks different post makeover two years ago. Modern and hip vs old school and original. I used to love the cannoli. But it is so hit and miss. At $4 twice the price of a cannoli in brooklyn my, its not worth it. Today the shell was too hard. Over fried. Last time the filling was spoiled. The other Italian pastry is respectable. For tourists and locals its probably the best in Philly. 
WIGB? Yes
Didn't try the cannoli but ogled one someone was buying. Guess I'll have to go back. 

Did try some kind of strawberry cake, mostly pink icing with white edges and pink swirls in the cake but no actual strawberries. That's fine, I don't like actual strawberries... just things that taste like them. The cake was good, dense but not in a moist way. (I know I just used the m-word but I think it should be allowed when discussing cake.) The frosting had a great consistency, not overwhelmingly sweet but real (sugary) frosting. I can't stand that whipped/non-dairy BS they use in grocery stores. $2 for a slice.

Friend had a slice of the chocolate mousse cake but she and I both agreed the mousse had a kind of alcoholic taste.. I guess from a chocolate liqueur or something. It was still edible but I don't think I'd get it again.
Let me tell you what...those freaky looking chocolate bananas aside, I'd eat anything from this place.

I needed a cheesecake for a Super Bowl party and was down in Philly not too far from here.  I stopped by and their pastries and such looked good.  I was especially impressed they were filling all the cannnoli by hand from a giant squeeze bag hanging from a rod.

Anyway, the friendly lady behind the counter asked if I wanted a chocolate or regular cheesecake and I took the chocolate.  She even wrote on it for me!  It was also only $15, which was a bargain.

The cake was so creamy and delicious, I had two pieces once I got to the party.  It was devoured promptly by the hungry football fans.   

Next time I'm back in Philly, I'm going back here to get my sweet on.
Located in the Reading Market, the Termini Bros. Bakery is a visual delight showcasing scrumptious pastries of all kinds! The palmier cookies were the largest we've even seen!
I used to come here and get a slice of their delectable carrot cake. One of my favorite stops at Reading Terminal Market.
I'm really torn on a 3 or 4 for this place, but I'll err on the side of 4 since the cannolis are really nothing I've had in California. So there are a few locations for Termini Bros Bakery, but since Reading Terminal has so many things to visit/eat, you might as well pick it up here. This one is located on the South side of Reading Terminal a little bit so if you walk the perimeter, you'll bump into it. There's a lovely neon red sign.

Now they have a bunch of cakes and pastries and of course the famous cannolis. There are no prices. So when I was ordering, I was taken aback when they told me how much I just spent for 3 cannolis and a Sfogliatelle (crispy layers with ricotta and citrus fruit interior). The cannolis were $4 each and the I believe the Sfogliatelle was about the same or even more.

The Sfogliatelle was interesting and different. It did have a lot of ricotta cheese so if you're not into that, I would say skip. I won't be getting it again.

The cannolis were filled fresh with cream hanging from the ceiling. The filling contained candied little gems. It was so rich and creamy and gosh you felt the fat in it. Oh so delicious fat. I guess it was worth the $4. Definitely something to try out as you're in Philadelphia and you should get at least one.
HOLY CANNOLI is all i have to say about this. The cannoli is one of the most delicious desserts ever (and I do not like cannolis-but this was amazing).  I can't wait to go back and try the cakes!
5 stars purely for the ricotta cheese cannoli.  However 2-3 stars for the vanilla cannolis that are too sweet (like canned frosting), and 2 stars for everything else that's overpriced.
While I'm not a huge fan of their layered cakes (very dry, with meh buttercream that falls off your fork as you try to eat it), I MUST say that their cannoli are OMG-SO-AMAZING! Think creamy-smooth ricotta filling inside a perfect, crunchy shell. If you want to have great cannoli, Termini's is your place - do not waste your time or calorie intake anywhere else. 

This place is out of the way of my daily activities, but you can count on seeing me trek all the way there just to get cannoli when cravings do come up. 

(Sorry, I haven't managed to photograph any of the cannoli I got from here since they vanish long before I have time to think of doing anything other than eating them.)
Leave the pasteries. Take the cannolis.

Literally, only good for those. The cakes and pies.. not nearly as good here.
What can be said that hasn't already? I'll start with the bad; insanely long lines almost all the time and surly workers. Both are inescapable due to its fame, so you have to take the good with the bad.

All their delicacies are solid. The cannolis are large, the cakes are moist and delicious. Even the chocolate covered strawberries are a hit. If I could suggest one thing thought it would probably be the tiramisu cake, which is a large and very tasty homage to the original desert. It's a great bakery, it's just a shame about the crowds.
On a journey to find some great Philly gifts to take to friends who were kindly allowing me to stay at their house for 10 days during my vacation, I ventured out to...where else but Reading Terminal Market?! 

Prior to entering, I was really unsure what to buy. Now...I pride myself on being a pretty good gift-giver, and so I didn't want to disappoint. I had landed on food. But now my dilemma was..."Well...what foods?!" And being inside Reading Terminal Market without a plan was not one of my better and smarter moves. I did a round and landed on La Colombe coffee and some sweet treats from Philly brands. I stopped by Termini Bros Bakery who had a large La Colombe sign. I hadn't realized at the time that I was actually at Termini Bros and just bought the coffee. Had I realized it, I would have easily just bought some treats there. Oh well. 

The employee who helped me was very kind and even suggested other locations for some of the other La Colombe blends (they only carried Corsica). I let her know that while I prefer a different blend, it wasn't a big deal because it was a gift. The fact that she was willing to help me find the product that I really preferred says a lot. AND it was CHEAPER than where I get my coffee in my neighborhood! 

Anyways, I love Reading Terminal Market and I really appreciated the kindness of Termini Bros. I will absolutely go back! Love it!
OMG YUMMY. Every single week when I go to Redding Terminal Market for groceries, I end up here to get my weekly cheat meal. I just cant resist. 

My favorites are the tiramisu and carrot cakes. 

Never ever make the mistake of going on a Sunday though. The line is super long and it is SO crowded because I assume that's when the tourists come in. Saturday morning or any weekday is better.
Was as patient an polite as can be to ask for just one item, and still I got a nasty attitude from the old lady working the counter.  Get over yourselves people,  ur not the greatest bakery ever and even if u were that doesn't give u the right to b rude to the paying customer.   I will take my business elsewhere form now on.
Awesome!! I've never been disappointed here with a dessert from here. Their cake, biscotti, and cupcakes are all awesome. The best thing here is their homemade cannoli. It is the best cannoli I have ever had. The center is filled with a creamy ricotta and chocolate chip filling. Anytime I am near Reading Terminal I make a special trip for it.
We were visiting Philly during COVID, and luckily Reading Market was considered an essentail business. Even with said, sadly, some places were still closed.

Luckily Termini Brothers was open. My husband and I stopped by for a late breakfast. There was so such to choose from. My husband loves pastries. He got a wide assortment. I went with their cannoli. It was so good!! 

Also the person behind the counter was friendly and personable!!
The selection of bakery items are to cause your brain to think about longer than your visit. The Canoli is freshly made $5 a piece I highly recommend.
Best cannoli, ever. I had their chocolate chip cannoli and would advise you to order that, too. The cannoli cream is whipped and has a lot of ricotta flavor. Most times I've had cannoli, the cream is too thick and there is so much granulated sugar, I can barely taste the ricotta. The shell is light, but does not easily fall apart once a bite is taken. I also had their sfogliatelle for the novelty factor. It's a flakey shell-shaped pastry with ricotta and citrus fruit filling. Unique textures, but I did not truly appreciate the citrus flavor. I think I would've ordered many cannoli in retrospect.  You live, you learn. 

Everything totaled to $9, so I am assuming each pastry is roughly $3-4.50. They take credit cards.
Best canolli ever.  And I don't even like canollis.  Just buy and eat it. And buy me one too!
Termini Bros is a Philadelphia classic. Whenever I'm looking for a meal topper in Reading Terminal, I always turn to them for a quality cannoli. 

Recently, I picked up a tirimisu cake for a friend's birthday. The staff was very patient throughout the decision making process, and offered good insight when I asked. She also wrote a message on the cake for free! The whole cake came out to only $25! The cake itself was absolutely delicious. Light and fluffy, yet rich in flavor. I would definitely recommend it! I will definitely be returning for cakes in the future!
5 stars for the cannoli, which is one of the best I've had since my honeymoon in Italy 3 years ago!! Perfectly crisp shell, light but luscious ricotta filling -- just glorious. Hubby went the simple route and got a cupcake and I really appreciated that they didn't drown it in frosting; I always take that as a sign that they are confident in the quality of their actual cake and that holds true here. This is a moist cupcake with a fine crumb and the right amount
Of sweetness and vanilla flavor. Perfect sweet treat while walking around Reading Terminal Market, if you are in the area grab a cannoli for sure!
I was impressed with their selection of pastries and cakes that they have to offer. Strawberry shortcake, carott cake, cookies, canolis... but I was the most excited for the sfogliatelle. It made me remember the times I would eat them while visiting my grandfathers in NJ. I can't find good ones in Boston so I figured I would try here since it can't get worse than Boston. Well the sfogliatelle was great! Flaky layered crust, dense ricotta filling packed with candied citrus. Places in Boston don't get it... never enough citrus. This was great, brought me back to my childhood with my poppy :-)
Little over priced but they do have some pretty good Italian desserts.   I enjoy the chocolate covered banana with raspberry sauce on top of a short bread cookie.  You really can't go wrong but be prepared for the cost $6
Cannoli made to order, very nice. Vanilla, chocolate or ricotta fillings.  Staff is friendly.  Nice selection of Italian pastries. Might be the best reason to stop by RTM.
A great bakery with some definite 5 star items.

The cannoli - 5/5. One of the best I have had in Philadelphia. The shell was nice and crispy and the ricotta filling was the perfect texture, and the chocolate chips were a nice touch. Worth the price in my opinion.

Tiramisu cake - 5/5. Perfect layers to the cake in just the right proportion. One of the best tiramisus I have ever had. Also worth the price.

Other desserts - 3/5. I have tried the cheesecake and the limoncello desserts here, and was a little disappointed. The cheesecake was a touch too sweet and the limoncello was a little underflavored and stale. These items were also a little pricey for what you get.

The South Philly location is a little better, but this location is just so convenient. Overall though, definitely worth coming for a cannoli or to get the tiramisu cake. Would be 5 stars for just those 2 items.
I had a delicious cannoli from here and it was perfect! SO good, wish I could have another one right now. However, giving it 4 stars and not 5 because the girls working behind the counter were not very good. They both had awful faces on and acted like it was a true chore to get me the cannoli. But damn was that cannoli amazing!
Best. Cannoli. Ever.
'Nuff said....

But I'll say more: Very crunchy crust, and delicious inside. $4/each, so be prepared.
Great bakery! They have the best cannolis in the area. I appreciate that they are freshly filled and have the finest, creamiest cannoli cream. My friend had the tiramisu, but I wasn't as much of a fan of it. It had a nice cream but wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be. They also have great coffee to go with your dessert! I highly recommend stopping by if you're in Reading Terminal Market.
I agree with several other of the reviews that the cannolis are the single best thing here the canolis are great and the cheesecakes are excellent however the price of $4 for single cannoli seems very high to me and higher than New York City. Other than price this is a worthwhile stop.
I love their fresh-filled cannoli and cakes! Definitely worth the price! Not so sure about the service. Be loud so you can get someone's attention to help you with what you want.
As everyone says, Termini Bros is really, really good. They usually have free samples floating around (when I was there, I think they had 3 - 4 different kinds), they have a great selection, and a helpful staff.
That being said, -1 for paying almost 14 dollars for 2 brownies and a cookie.
I ordered a couple of mini-cakes as a birthday gift for someone who's not exactly a "cake person" so in these small doses they were great and were well received. I bought the tiramasu (which I tried) and the strawberry one (which I didn't). It was surprisingly smooth and light. I'm inclined to try the vanilla crunch cake (I think that's it) when it's in season. Eh, not sure what vanilla season is... but they said it wasn't in season when I asked. The mini-cakes are pricy too so I think they're better served as little gifts anyway.
Holy cannoli! These treats are absolutely amazing. I love cannoli and I was so excited to try these on my last trip to Reading Terminal Market. The cannoli were absolutely amazing and the perfect combination of sweet and crunchy. 

I feel like often times when I eat a connoli, the shell is soggy from the cream, but this is not the case here! The shell has a perfectly, fresh baked crisp and a beautiful cream filling on the inside. The cream is not too sweet and there are just enough chocolate chips, that you get the perfect amount in every bite.

Definitely coming here again to get more cannoli!
#1 - the pignoli cookie
#2 - the canoli
#3 - everything else!!!

That is the order in which I pig out at Termini's.

Their pignoli/pine nut cookie is unbelievable. It is always moist in the center with a strong flavor of almond paste. My in-laws in Brasil go crazy for them. My mom recently sent us a batch in our new house in LA, and they didn't even last 24 hours.

The canoli... Forgive the spelling, I'm not Italian. :) my boyfriend has never had one. I hadn't had one since I had the best one in Quincy Market, MA. Well boo to Quincy, because the ricotta one here at Termini's blew them out of the water! And recently I had a canoli at my new local bakery, and my boyfriend and I pretentiously joked about how it doesn't even compare to Termini's.

All of the other things i've had on different occasions, and they are always amazing, but I like to stick to my #1 and #2!
This review is for the zeppole aka St Joseph cake. The shell is dry and the filling is basically the same as cannolis. Frangelli's is much better because the shell is more moist and overflows with amazing filling. However other pastries are great including the ricotta cannoli.

The ricotta cannoli is not watery, perfect sweetness with mini chocolate chip filled for your order so that you can taste the crunchiness of the shell. Best eaten right away to avoid sogginess.

The chocolate covered banana is their specialty too. It's banana on an almond pastry with some cream and banana fillings.

Their shoe horn is great too. It's basically an almond pastry with some almond paste. Its a must for almond lovers.

The fig bar is filled with fig covered in a thin pastry.

Another Italian pastry to try is sfogiatelle. The shell i a crunchy and layered pastry filled with ricotta andd a hint of citrus flavor that brings a fresh taste.

For cookies, my favorite is the amaretti and pignoli. The cookie is very moist with almond paste.
After seeing the reviews here, I'm feeling kind alone but this location of the bakery is just plain disappointing.  In the past, as a frequent RTM shopper and fan, I'd sometimes give in to the need and buy something from their counter.  Pretty much every time it's mediocre or bad.  My family has grown to shelf the Termini reputation. It's no longer a treat.

In recent years, someone converted me back but through their original location on 8th st.  WOW.  That place is incredible, so now I have to convince my whole family it's the ORIGINAL location that's still good.  They're skeptical.  This campaign has lowered my guard and once again while shopping at the terminal I decided to pick up a last minute dessert for my family's Sunday get together.  FAIL.

No one wanted to finish the first few slices of the chocolate cheese cake I brought.  I thought my sister was on a diet or something when she only took one bite.  Eventually my family's polite mode wore off (a record 3 minutes) and they were pretty liberal with their critique of the cake.  "Play-doh" was perhaps the most agreeable for the table, that's what the cake tasted like.  I admit, It was nasty.  How do you have a name like Termini and not pull off a basic cheese cake?  I had a decent maccaroon while waiting there but otherwise Im sorry I didnt just go the the super market.  And that Folks, is the ultimate insult, no?

Anyone know why in the world this location has become the bizzarro-world bakery of the original location?  Perhaps they should just be the Termini Bros. Cannoli depot and stick to the apparent success of that.
This was a great place to rekindle my love of Italian bakeries during a recent work-related trip. Excellent cannoli...filled upon order, with a filling that contained the perfect blend of chocolate chips/candied fruit. So often you find cannoli that is not flavorful...even the shell was a flavorful treat. I'm usually not a huge lobstertail fan...I find them almost always bland. The filling on theirs has an excellent flavor...again a good ratio of filling to candied fruit.  Very good Italian style baba au rhum...generously sauced/syruped with a flavorful, rummy syrup. Love it!
they have so many delectable and old fashion type of desserts. and they have tons of cookie varieties and other countless types of pastries. i adore them.
I've only had the cannolis here but they are awesome! They're freshly filled when ordered and the filling is phenomenal. Not too sweet, it's perfect. If you like cannoli, if you don't think you like cannoli, you should definitely get one from Termini Bros.
Best cannoli ever!!! Very nice girl working there. I would definitely recommend  this place if you are in Philly!
Oh my goodness, the cannoli!  Just amazing.  Simply amazing.  There's not much more to say than that.
OMG.... come here for the cannoli.  The freshest and best thing you will ever have (if you like cannolis).  They hand squeeze/fill them right to order, and they are so so good.  Too good in my opinion, and I am upset as I will now sadly search for something similar in all my travels, and doubt I will find its equal.  I must have hit this place at the right time, as there was no line, and very friendly service.  I will be back if ever in Philly again.  Do you ship to California?
Desserts look really good here. I don't eat much desserts and I wasn't planning on eating any while I was at the reading terminal, but goodness. Walking by this place without smelling and looking at these yummy pastries on display is hard to resist. Tried a tiramisu and it was great, two thumbs up!
If you entered the Reading Terminal Market from the 12th St. entrance, you will no doubt see this alluring dessert bakery if you go straight down the aisle. Don't doubt it: the stuff that you see on the shelf tastes good as it looks!

Sadly my family was leaving Philadelphia so we decided to drop by Reading Terminal for one last Philly snack. My sister who is a huge dessert fan could not keep her eyes off the huge, delicious-looking dessert selection Termini Bros displayed. It was her birthday soon so I decided to buy her a small cake but she wasn't able to make a choice.

What can I say? The paradox of choice can be quite paralyzing.

Fortunately, the nice cashier girl gave my sisters suggestions and she settled with the chocolate cake with a slice of banana on top. The size was around 3 inches in diameter and was $5. Even though I said I was buying it for my sister, I ended up eating half of it.

It was a truly decent chocolate cake with satisfying sweetness that does not overwhelm. Each eat was complemented with a light touch of banana taste. Although I am usually not banana about banana, I thought it adds a nice, new dimension.

Termini Bros Bakery was a dessert eye-candy that offers actual good taste behind good visual. Try out this solid dessert place if you are visiting the Reading Terminal Market.
During Easter week they make traditional Easter pies and Easter bread. The Easter cookie in the form of Easter basket has interesting flavor of mixed sweet and salty. It's okay.

The square cheesecake is delicious. Pineapple or cherry. It's not too heavy.
I picked up a tiramisu ($5) at Termini Bros inside Reading Terminal Market yesterday. 

It was not bad but definitely not the best either. I don't think it was made with ladyfingers for the cake base and real mascarpone cheese for the cream like how real, authentic home-made tiramisu tends to be made. Not much espresso taste either. 
 
I will try a cannoli next time.
It doesn't matter how good the food is, if the service blows, why patronize? I turned in a coffee sleeve for a free cup of coffee and was told NO. And then she would not return the sleeve. Apparently, it is only good for Wednesdays, but she wouldn't let me try again next Wednesday. I'm not that upset over losing a free cup of coffee, but I am angry enough to empty my box of subpar cookies on their counter in protest over such a poor attitude. Who refuses to return a coupon because it isn't valid that particular day?! 

Termini is not that epic when it comes to cookies. You'd have a better experience with a Starbucks cupcake.
Ah, the cannoli that's a piece of art!  Crisp shell, yummy creamy inside, sweet and lover-ly!  I hate soggy cannoli shells, and this place didn't disappoint!  Only wish I had brought some home with me!!!
One of my all time favorite pastry/dessert shops. It's super convenient as it's located right in Reading terminal by the convention center! 

This is usually my go-to if I'm looking to buy any celebratory cakes. I usually get the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting mixed with chocolate chips. The cake is moist and the frosting is to die for! There are never any left overs for this cake. It only costs $25 and even though it's slightly more expensive than the specialty cakes at your local grocery store it's money well spent! 

I also love their limoncello cakes- so delicious and not too sweet! You must also try their cannolis- they are so delightful. They provide the filling on the spot when ordered so that the outer cannoli shell doesn't get soggy. You have to eat it on the spot! 

They sell all sorts of other traditional Italian desserts. I haven't had a chance to try them all but I cannot wait to!
My family came from North Wales Montgomery county Chalfont Bucks county, and Nutley, NJ to celebrate my 75th birthday and to take in some of the holiday festivities. Just before they left, we went to the Reading Terminal Market so they could take home some treats. My niece insisted we stop by Termini's where she treated me to goodies for myself. We started off with a box of their famous ricotta canolis, a box of anise flavored pizzelles, and topped off my order with a mini carrot cake. Founded in 1921 by two brothers from Sicily, this 3rd generation bakery is renowned for their excellent offerings. On Christmas Eve, lines form out the door of their original location at 1523 S. 8th St. for the trays of Italian cookies. They bake everything from the aforementioned goodies, as well as cheesecake, their famous Italian rum cake, wedding cakes. As another reviewer wrote, if you're on a diet, don't even walk passed this place. Other locations are at the Comcast Center, and the Packer Ave. Shopping Center. They offer mail order
I can't see what the big deal. Their baked goods are not that good. Everyone raves but they are only average. This is coming from an old Italian that knows. Plus the staff isn't very nice and they are expensive.
This nearly 100-year-old bakery serves very good cannolis! The chocolate chip ricotta cannolis are freshly piped into the shells, which sit in a pile waiting to be ordered and served. It is definitely quite sweet, but the shells are nice and crunchy. The ricotta is super creamy, and even a little dense, especially with the chocolate chips. It is on the expensive side, $4, but it is a big, hefty cannoli. You might want to share it. I'd definitely come back to try some of their other baked goods lined up beautifully behind the display case.
Looks different post makeover two years ago. Modern and hip vs old school and original. I used to love the cannoli. But it is so hit and miss. At $4 twice the price of a cannoli in brooklyn my, its not worth it. Today the shell was too hard. Over fried. Last time the filling was spoiled. The other Italian pastry is respectable. For tourists and locals its probably the best in Philly. The staff is never friendly.
WIGB? For a taste every now and then
The only good thing one of my useless exes did was introduce me to these cannolis. 

I favored the chocolate cream variety, but sure as heck would never turn away any of the other flavors. The dusting of powdered sugar on the perfectly crisp pastry shell still resonates today, several years later. 

I wonder if cannoli's will ever become the next trend like frozen yogurt and cupcakes have gone, if so, that may the only time I'll come close to these delectable sweets found only in the heart of south Philadelphia (and apparently, other satellite locations across town).

Until that time comes, I'm still looking...and it shows :-/
First time I ate here the cannoli was OK, a bit powdery, over-cooked shell.

The 2nd time I ate here, the filling was a bit better, overcooked shell, and I didn't realize how over priced it was, as they don't list the price when you're looking at them. 

One cannoli is $4. I normally get 2 for $4! So I'm sort of done paying twice as much for inferior cannolis.
Wish I could give it more stars, pastries are great but service was very rude. The girl at the counter had a huge attitude problem- this was on a Tuesday evening right before close. Management should have a discussion with employees on common courtesy and customer service.
I usually visit the Reading Terminal Market when I am in Philly and sometimes pick up cannoli at Termini Brothers.  On this last visit (first in 2 years), I opted for a chocolate eclair.  Big mistake!  It was a shocking $5 and would have been "meh" at half the price.  It was a really big disappointment in both flavor and texture.  Better chocolate eclairs can be found at just about any supermarket's bakery.  Maybe the lesson is to order only items that Termini is known for. . .and that definitely does NOT include eclairs.
I know they are famous for their cannolis but what they really should be famous for.... their New York Style CHEESECAKE!!!  This is by far my favorite dish in the world to buy and pawn off as my own at any place possible... dinner parties, cooking for the boyfriend, thank you gifts... etc etc... for $12... it is by far the best Cheesecake I've ever had... and I really don't even like plain cheesecake.  Normally what I'll do, is go home, chop up some fruit and drizzle some melted strawberry jelly over it all (you know, so it looks like I made it at home)... and let me tell you... I have no heard one person who wasn't in obsessed with it after just one bite.  So if you want to impress someone with your cooking skills (or lack-there-of) ... this is the best place to do it!  Just make sure you have a good excuse for the somewhat awkward size of the pan you would have had to make it in ... 
Summary:

Reading Terminals BEST place for a SWEET TREAT
Famous for Cannolis- which is actually the only cannoli I've ever had that I actually liked... so they must be pretty good... because I'm not a huge fan but the cheesecake is to die for! I keep trying to force myself to try new things but I can't stop buying the stupid cheesecake!  

Warning:  You are likely to consume a whole cheesecake on your own in less than 48 hrs... it is that good!
This place is great. Staff is really nice. Cannoli was one of the best that I've had in a very long time. They don't pre-fill it, which is ideal, so the pastry stays crisp. Just the right balance of sweetness, and ricotta, and extremely smooth. Just great.
One day their bakery was wonderful.  The next day we purchased $15 worth of products only to find they were OLD.  The next morning, I returned to the Market, so I took my receipt and was treated pretty rudely.  It would have been easy to make me happy (as they had done the first day I went there).  But the lady who said she was the manager was a real crumb!
A customer of mine brought In a few pastries from this place and I was instantly addicted, THE best cannoli I have ever had!!!
I am not a sweets dessert person but I think since sharing a slice of Termini's rum cake with the husband I just may be converted. This cake was heaven! The cashew nuts that hugged the edge of this cake was - mwah! And the cream filling - double mwah! 

We also ordered a small chocolate mousse concoction that was delicious. 

The person that helped us was so nice and I mentioned that we were relatively new to the area and she suggested visiting their other location because they sometimes have live music and a place to eat and enjoy outside. 

My birthday isn't till December but I already told my family that I need to have rum cake from Termini's!
Macaroons by the pound?!  Chocolate cannolis by the 1/2 pound?!  Seasonal cakes and pies by the slice?!  And assorted cookies by the 1/4 pound?!  A great bakery, but not very flexible...  You can't order just a cannoli or a macaroon - everything here is ordered by weight with the lowest measure being 1/4 pound.  Well, except for cakes and pies.  There are some of those, however, that must be purchased whole!  However, if you're preparing for a holiday or a big party, it's a wonderful place to pick up some sweet items to nosh on!
My favorite pastry spot in the RTM.  Biscotti is amazing, they serve La Colombe Coffee and they never run out.

Short and sweet.
Speaking of addiction in my review of Dinic's I cannot walk out of the terminal without my cannoli fix from Termini Bros. You absolutely must eat one immediately right after it is filled by hand to order, there is also only one kind of cannoli, yes I know they offer Chocolate and Vanilla but Ricotta and Chocolate chip is the only one you need to order, fuhghetabbout the rest.
Almond horn was a pricey $5 compared to Swiss Haus, and just about as good.
This review is for the cheesecake alone. 

Okay so maybe I got a bad batch or something but it was not as amazing as everyone raves it to be. I actually thought it had a pretty strange bitter taste afterwards.

I LOVE cheesecake, so I was pretty excited to bring it to this potluck that I was invited to that evening.  I told everyone to try a piece bc it was said to be the best cheesecake ever. Instead of being proud of the cheesecake, I was slightly embarrassed when most people said the taste was off and thought it was just opposite of best.

I'll give it another try - most likely when someone else purchases the cake bc I wouldn't want another one to go to waste on my buy.
My favorite bakery in the entire market!  Their cannolis are a must try!  The shells are made fresh & they are filled with ricotta cheese & chocolate chips.  It can be topped off with powdered sugar and tastes like heaven!  I can't resist them.  Make sure you grab a number to place your order!
This place makes me happy!   I've tried several different varieties of their bunt cakes as well as their layered cakes.  My favorite sofar had to be the cinnamon crumble chocolate chip cake which I brought as a treat for my coworkers who gobbled it up.

In general their cakes are a bit dryer than what most are probably looking for but I like that. The icing on the layered cake wasn't something i was fond of. 

I'll keep going there and trying different things.  Next time (based on all the other reviews) i see i must try a cannoli.
Looking for NY style cheesecake? Look no more, except this is better, this is made in Philly! Try their cheesecake at your own risk, you will come back for more. Enough said.
The cannoils here are outstanding. I will certainly be adding Termini's cannoli to my must order list when I pass through Reading Terminal Market. The filling is extremely rich and luscious. The shell is cripsy yet soft; it creates a nice texture contrast to the cream, but it doesn't fall apart when biting into it.
Found myself in the area again and since hubby and I had a fight I thought I'd buy him a slice of rum cake as a peace offering.

If it's possible this slice was even better than the one we had a couple weeks ago. More rum which made it moister (is that a word?) but not mushy - so darn good - and it worked like a charm! The husband and I made up - so it's our "make up cake."
My favorite besides the ricotta cannoli is the chocolate covered banana. Really refreshing and delicious. Definitely get this. The amaretti cookies are delicious with almond paste.
This Termini Bros Bakery shop in the Reading Terminal Market has all sorts of baked goods to delight your senses. Choose from cookies, pastries, cakes, pies, and more. However, their most notable item is their cannoli, so this is what I tried. I wouldn't quite rank it up there with cannoli from Boston (or actual Italy, I'd imagine). But it was creamy and indulgent, and it certainly hit the spot. So if you have a sweet treat craving, count on Termini Bros to satisfy.
