I'm really happy to say I've finally found that cheap, good, easy sushi takeout joint in the city I've been searching for! Yay! 

Although I always get the same thing, I love these two items so much!! I crave both often! 

I get the Fresh Green Roll which has five MASSIVE pieces to an order, made with the seaweed on the outside! It contains seaweed salad, large, fresh crisp asparagus, avocado, and cucumber! The veggies are always extremely fresh and the roll is nice and crunchy! Yum!! I also always order seaweed salad as well. I sometimes ask for the crunchies on the top. They oblige, no issue. 

I love that almost every roll they create has the option to enjoy it as a hand roll for those who don't want rice. 

Service has always been friendly and ordering very easy. There is a $10 cc min. 

The dining room leaves much to be desired so this works perfectly for my new to-go place. We often do sushi Sundays on the dock nearby and this has been so convenient and solid each time. 

20 minute loading zone parking makes it super easy too! 

They have great lunch specials! $8.50 for two rolls plus soup or salad or $11.50 for three. 

Sorry I can't speak much about the other items, but I'm very content with these two plant-based options!
Driving back from ikea we passed this place and my boyfriend was like, oooh a sushi bar! 

My response was, "Uh, in this location??? I don't think so."

But he talked me into trying it out, and I'm so glad we did. The prices are fantastic, the sushi was great! 

It came to 25 bucks for both of us, I got an asparagus roll, and a california roll. He got an asparagus roll and a veggie combo roll or something. We didn't have much to drink at all, I had a diet coke and he had a kirin. 

The sushi was reallllly good. I'm not a raw sushi person, and they had plenty of things for me to choose from. Most rolls ranged from 3 - 5 dollars, which is really good. 

It's definitely a place you can easily pass by, but you shouldn't. 

Really don't judge a book by it's cover on this one. 

OH! And they deliver! From Snyder to South Street, Front to 22nd! Huge range for South Philadelphia.
I initially found the woman at the front counter to be a little pushy and off putting. She asked if I was ready to order in quite a gruff tone. After I did so, she then directed me to sit down on a stool. When I wasn't moving fast enough she said, "you, please, sit here". 

I wouldn't say by the set up that I would ever dine in here. What would be the dining room is filled with boxes and other miscellaneous items that don't exude the kind of atmosphere that it should.

All of this aside, let's talk about my order. I got my regular go to rolls, eel and cucumber and spicy tuna. I also tried the hidden dragon roll which consisted of crab and avocado and topped with salmon, tobiko, scallion and a special sauce. The roll was good but there was a sweet element in the sauce that seemed out of place. Speaking of sauces, I've never had a spicy tuna roll that didn't include one of some kind usually a spicy mayo. I was kind of disappointed in that. 

 That being said I would definitely be willing to try more rolls from them. The fish was fresh and the prices were reasonable.
I'm that terrible kind of person that is picky about their sushi but also doesn't want to spend too much on it... and Terryin is just right for me :D 

I'm also lazy and a borderline shut-in, but Terryin is there for me with prompt, often ahead-of-estimate delivery, even though I'm practically half the city away from them!

I recommend the Samurai Party Tray, it's a great price for an impressive and well-balanced array of rolls.
I live right around the corner from this little spot. I would still come here for sushi. The sushi is consistently pretty darn good. And they have some inventive specialty rolls. However the real star is the price. You can fill up on delicious sushi for what 2 rolls cost at most places. It is not the kind of place I would go with a sushi snob, but for being right around the corner, I am all about it.If you find yourself in Pennsport looking for a sushi fix, look no further (not that there is anywhere else to go!). Last night I had the Philly roll, spicy tuna, Christine (Eel, Spicy Tuna, Avocado, rolled in tempura sprinkles and covered in roe), Dynamite roll (Crab, Salmon and asparagus, deep fried), and Cali roll I believe. 

The specialty rolls were really good, and all of them were above average. And the bill was $30. We brought our own Sake, and they heated it up for us. Very polite and great service. They also infuse their water with lemon, which is a very refreshing twist when eating their fresh sushi. I am not sure if they sell alcohol, it appears other people have gotten beer and sake there. But we brought a bottle of organic sake and they did not charge any corkage and graciously heated it for us. 

Our fellow diner was vegan and he loved the miso, asparagus roll, and tofu General Tso's. I tried the Tso's and it was really quite tasty. If you are into that sort of thing. We were all very content, and the wallet was left intact. I will certainly be back. One word of advice. I ordered delivery from there a while back. It was just your average run of the mill crappy Chinese. I was not impressed. As a side note, does anyone know anywhere that has some really good Chinese delivery in South Philly?
This is a great place to eat at no matter if you are eating in, picking up, or getting delivery. The staff is really nice as I pick up food often from here. They have vegetarian options which is pretty cool because I normally don't see that when ordering Chinese food. Deffinitely recommend.
Mid-range sushi in this city is a travesty.  There seem to be only two types of sushi joints: slightly over-priced and overwhelmingly mediocre hole-in-the-wall joints in the South Street vicinity, and ambiance-driven expensive places that serve incredible raw fish creations but demand that you drop $60 per person for a full meal.  Luckily, there's also Terryin.

The place is not much to look at, and their Chinese/Japanese menu raises eyebrows for good reason, but against all odds this place turns out some decent cheap sushi.  Don't get me wrong, they have their off nights and the rolls are typically not masterpieces of sushi construction, but by and large the quality is good and they deliver, which is always a plus considering their shady location.

After a few orders that weren't the Terryin greatness we had come to expect, we tried a few other places but couldn't find a true replacement (see also my Makiman review).  Last night we went back to our old faithful and it was like they had been missing us, too.  Everything we got was fantastic!  Yellowtail roll, tuna avocado roll, alaska roll, rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll, steamed pork dumplings, and a free dynamite roll for spending over $30 (actual total was $31.45).

Do not miss the pork dumplings!  Of the non-sushi food I've tried here this is the only really great thing I've had, and they're pretty great.  Forget the miso soup, wonton soup, or really any of their Chinese offerings, they are mediocre at best and downright terrible at worst.

But oh, the sushi.  I can stuff myself with yummy sushi and only spend $15, which is totally unbeatable in this city.  Their special rolls are really good, I recommend the Janpanica roll as a personal favorite when I'm feeling like unhealthy sushi (eel, avocado, and crunchies inside, tuna on top, sprinkled with seaweed salad and a drizzle of eel BBQ sauce).  SO GOOD.

Do yourself and your wallet a favor and try Terryin the next time your sushi craving hits.
I too was sketchy about eating at this chinese/japanese restaurant, but to my surprise, the food is actually very good and cheap ! MY friends and I always go here, we're always welcomed, despite the fact that we're really loud.  Once, we ran out of wasabi, and the lady brought us a new plate of wasabi. The service is good, they give you hershey kisses or oranges with the bill :)

I used to live across the street from here, but back then it was a bar/club, but gosh, if I still lived there, I would eat sushi/rolls every night !
What a surprise! This place is amazing! 

The sushi was fresh and delicious! The portion was great and the service was awesome too! 

The place is super small and I believe the kitchen is down in the basement, so you see the chefs going up and down the stairs while trying to prepare sushi/Japanese food up at the sushi bar! 

I am always hesitate about sushi being NOT in a fancy restaurant, but this place is just awesome... I will go back over and over again!
This place is the BEST when you feel like asian food and can't decide between chinese or japanese. I am not a fan of sushi. But damn it all do I go crazy when I eat their King Dragon rolls, or their California rolls. 

The overall cost was pretty cheap, and the inside is really attractive. I scored a lot of points taking girls out here.
Much better than I expected.  This place seriously doesn't look like much or any good from the outside signage and appearance but I would have to admit that I was very pleased with my meal, price, and presentation.  

I ordered the sesame chicken dinner special with pork friend rice and egg roll. (the usual take out combo).  It came out on a dish with a nice presentation and the sesame chicken wasn't drowned in sauce.  The chicken was still nice and crisp.  Prices are really great too.  You can get sushi here too.
I have eaten from here quite a few times but never ordered more than one roll or rice. Now that I have compiled seven visits, I have decided that it is safe to say I love Terryin. It is definitely a notch above a typical South Philly corner food store. I have only eaten in there once and their server is the same person that handles the takeout and she is always friendly. I ordered takeout last night and I had a few questions regarding their tofu and she answered all of my questions and even laughed when I made my "annoying vegetarian" joke. That is always a win in my book. 

Their sushi specials are great and their sushi itself it delicious. When you go inside, you can watch it being made while you wait for your order or even sit at the bar area (I don't think there is alcohol, more of a place to sit for one or two people). 

Their shrimp fried rice is delicious and their general tso tofu is also delectable. I rarely order tofu as a meal but I was craving general tso and it was a great choice. They cooked it well enough that it did not have a mushy consistency that can often happen when it is undercooked. The portions are also large enough that you will have enough food for a second meal! 

My rice and general tso tofu tasted great the next day at lunch...and dinner!
Got the 3 Ako Combo and classics tuna roll and salmon roll. For the amount of food, $34 bill, and quality, not shabby at all for a simple sushi night. Don't expect top notch fancy downtown sushi. A south Philly sushi classic spot haha
Strangest fried rice I have ever had from an Asian restaurant. It was Spanish yellow rice cooked like regular fried rice. I was so confused. 

Sushi was okay. I am a vegetarian so did not eat any fish but the veggie rolls were okay. Nothing spectacular but just mediocre. I probably wouldn't go back here but it's not the worst. 

Still looking for a good south philly Asian restaurant.
Why hasn't anyone written anything about this place yet? I was a litle sketchy about eating at a Chinese/ Japanese restaurant. But I was NOT disappointed. This place exceeded my expectations like 10 times over. And it's all due to the King Dragon Roll. Without this (and a few other great rolls) this place would be a very average restaurant. I guess I can credit the friendly staff for my rave review as well. I've eaten all over Center City, and can't name one memorable place for sushi and maki, but this cute little place in south philly beats them all.
Great sushi, great prices and good service!
I love this place, just around the corner to eat in, pick up or they have super quick delivery. Try the dragon roll and japanica roll and any special they have that day.
My honest opinion of this place?  NOT going back.  Why not a one star?  Because  I feel it's not fair to give one star over ordering two things you happen to not like for a first time.  But... not good enough for me to want to go back again and try something new.

I am VERY disappointed in this place.  I got delivery and order vegetable gyoza (= "pan fried dumplings") and it came steamed and all stuck together.  Because they were all stuck together, I wouldn't take a gyoza without it falling apart.  I have never been to a place where the gyoza has been screwed up.  I have never ever ever ever in the entirety of the 23 years (two years excluded due to teething) of my gyoza eating life where the gyoza came as steamed.  If that is an option, you need to let people know:  Would you like fried or steamed?  Because it was to my understanding that gyoza comes fried by default.  And why is the gyoza green? Google image "gyoza."  Go ahead.  I bet what these people did was buy frozen Chinese dumplings, boil it, and pass it off as gyoza.

http://www.google.com/search?gs_rn=15&gs_ri=psy-ab&suggest=p&cp=3&gs_id=a&xhr=t&q=gyoza&bav=on.2,or.r_qf.&bvm=bv.47380653,d.dmg&biw=1600&bih=799&um=1&ie=UTF-8&hl=en&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=N&tab=wi&ei=sWmvUd6NHdi54AOq9ICoCw

I went out of my way to do that ^ .... That is how livid I am.

I also got roast pork mei fun, which was bland and flavorless.  I really don't know what else to say about it.  It was just very BLAH.

I also did not like how they used their called ID to call me back when I hung up, telling me "somebody called from this number."  I hung up because I had a client walk in.  Good thing I didn't use my office phone.

There is also a $2 delivery fee, which I knew about from reading online.  What I did not like was that they did not tell you about it, which I saw as double dipping into the tip jar.  So I tipped even less because of it.  It would be better if they said "there is a $2 delivery fee, is that all right?"  Whether or not it is customary, it shows honest businessman-ship to do so.  But I am also VERY finicky when it comes to customer service.  I give a extra whole star just for good customer service - that's how anal I am about it.  Anywhoo, this is just something minor.  It's the food I am having the biggest problem with.
I ordered delivery from this place and was pleasantly surprised. First, the menu is vast to say the least. He menu features Japanese, Thai and Chinese cuisine. I ordered sushi for myself, which was delicious and fresh. I also ordered shrimp pad Thai, which was very tasty. Lastly, I ordered lo mein, which never disappoints. The prices are also great. The food is very affordable. I would happily order from here again.
I used to live right around the corner from Terryin.  When it first opened it certainly was the talk of the South Philly section of PhillyBlog.  I was super excited to go there, and it quickly became one of my favorite places to eat 1-2 times weekly.

Why?  Because there really isn't anything like it in that part of town -- deep South Philly/bottom edge of Pennsport.  It didn't hurt that that the food is reasonably priced either and consistently delicious.

Why do people rate this Chinese/"Japanese" sushi place so highly?  Because it really is decent sushi (not world class 5-star sushi... but GOOD sushi), ESPECIALLY in a part of town where you would be shocked to find it.  A few blocks one way is 2 Street... a few blocks the other way is ghetto.  Get it?

Why would I choose this restaurant over others?  Because the Chinese food is straight up tasty Americanized Chinese food take-out... AND I can get a roll or two, or three as well.  Plus, where else am I going to go in that neighborhood?

Even though I now live in center city, I still sometimes will take the convoluted SEPTA trek here... or less painful... will walk the 60 minutes despite there being more well known options closer.  Read --- Chinatown.

SUGGESTION:  The Dynamite Roll, Philly Roll, and Salmon Katsu Rolls are all delicious.  They also make a really tasty General Tso's Chicken.  Crab Rangoon, why are you so hard to find?  Great here!

KNOWLEDGE:  They do sell beer and wine, but it is for dining-in only.  No take-out on alcohol.
My boyfriend and I were a little skeptical of this place due to it's not so favorable location. However, one day we gave it a try and we are so very thankful! I think Terryin's chinese offerings are much better than the sushi. Their orange chicken is the best I've tasted in this city. So crunchy and flavorful. This alone makes me such a huge fan! The sushi is not bad but not amazing either. Terryin is now my go-to place for convenient and delicious chinese food!
I ordered 4 rolls from here tonight and it was disgusting enough to compel me to call and complain for the first time in my takeout history. The fish was so meely and foul smelling on the specialty roll that i spit my first bite out. I should have trusted my instincts and not tried it at all. I ordered vegetarian rolls for my boyfriend, and they were wilted lettuce wrapped in dirty tasting rice.
I contacted them and they said there is nothing they can do because they use fresh ingredients. I was very polite and really just wanted to give them a heads up that their sushi was inedible, a term i do not use lightly. Regardless of when they received their ingredients, the sushi at terryin was such an uneaten waste of my 35 dollars.
Some of the best takeout ever! They always make everything to order fresh and its consistently delicious. Orange chicken and the avocado salad are my favorites!
great hidden gem in the neighborhood you wouldn't imagine the sushi there could be so good. I traveled to Philadelphia from San Diego for the weekend and just wanted to find something close to the ballpark. Terryin was such a great find via Yelp. The sushi is yum and the eggdrop soup is one of the best I eve tasted.
This place use to be awesome but I've noticed the decline in the quality of their food. The beef and broccoli I ordered was ridiculously fatty, the vegetables were mushy. The sushi use to be pretty good but the quality of that has also taken a dive. I got a little sick off of one of the rolls. Please don't skimp on the freshness. This place use to rock! What happened?
$8.10 is my new favorite number. $8.10 is the cost of a lunch of two rolls and miso soup, every day of the week! None of this Monday-Friday nonsense. Add on one more roll and the cost only increases by about $3.00. I don't think that any of the special rolls on their menu topped $9.00, and even their chinese lunch menu combinations did not exceed $5.00

I was out picking a few things up from Target and decided today was a good day to try this sushi place that has been popping up alot on the Yelp radar and I'm so glad that I remembered it before settling for some Ikea meatballs. I ordered a spicy crunchy tuna roll and spicy crab roll with a miso soup and brought it home to enjoy. There isn't much seating availabe and the gray walls could be lightened up a bit to make it a little more cheerful.

The miso soup wasn't that great, it seemed like they used two different consistencies of tofu one that was much more spongy than the other and the miso paste used was still a little too grainy for my taste. The rolls were surprisingly good though for the price, the spicy tuna was so fresh I even found a prize, a little piece of bone. I can't even hate on that because I know that the quality for the price will not be beat in the city. I used to think that if I was waiting on a paycheck that I couldn't afford to eat what I love, but this place has made it possible again.
I'll be honest.  I didn't expect the sushi I ordered from this place to be any good.  I am a bit of a sushi snob and am wary of Asian restaurants that serve multiple types of cuisine.  The problem is that they usually end up being mediocre at three types of food instead of great at one.

I ordered sushi for delivery, fully aware that it might not be edible once I got it.  Comfort #1?  The price.  It's very affordable.  Comfort #2: I didn't have to leave my house.  Comfort #3: I ordered steamed dumplings with the sushi, and it's hard to screw up steamed dumplings, so I'd have SOMETHING to eat if the sushi didn't pan out.

Well, what can I say?  It was good.  I ordered sweet potato tempura, Philly roll, and the Christine roll.  The sweet potato tempura roll was huge and cooked just right.  The Philly roll was fresh and a tiny bit smoky.  The Christine roll was a change of pace, a bit odd texture-wise because the tempura flakes are piled on the top of the roll rather than the inside or coating anything.  The flavors were fresh and interesting, though.  Whoever their sushi chef is, he knows what he's doing.  Color me pleasantly surprised.

Hopefully this experience can be replicated next time...
I've had most of their rolls from the numerous times I've ordered from here but my favorite rolls by far are the Chicken tempura and the Dynamite roll. The food is always fresh and delicious. They do have your usual "Chinese takeout" dishes as well. And the delivery time is always accurate. My go-to sushi takeout spot in South Philly!
I went with my boss & coworkers for a casual lunch and didn't really know what to expect. My boss had been there before and raved about the sushi, but warned that it didn't look like much from the outside (and that they were renovating.)

It really is not much to look at from the outside, but the staff was incredibly friendly, and the food was perfectly fine.

I ordered: seaweed salad, and a sushi lunch special with: miso soup, salmon-avocado roll, and a spicy tuna roll. The seaweed salad was HUGE and very cold (fresh from the fridge...too cold?) The miso soup was fine, and my sushi rolls were definitely fresh and on par with some of the better rolls I've had in similarly-priced places in Center City.

My coworkers got a mix of sushi and Chinese entrees from the menu - everything looked pretty good. All of the portions were decent. 

This would be a great place to get delivery or swing by and do take out.
The food here is not good. I ordered General Tsos chicken which was just bad, vegetable fried rice which wasn't even fried, tasted so bland, and didn't have egg (it's the best part?!). I also got spring rolls which were the only things I ended up eating- they were the best option out of the three. I was completely disappointed. Save your money and go somewhere else.
After reading the yelp weekly email "Yelpin' In the Raw"  this morning, I found myself grocery shopping in South Philly.  I got a craving for sushi and remembered Terryin from the email this morning (thanks Yelp email!). 

So after a little detour, I found a parking spot right out front (which is always a plus in South Philly).  When I went inside, it was just me, the sushi chef and a server, so I pulled up the first seat at the sushi bar.  I looked over the roll options for the lunch special (3/$10.75, 2/$7) and ordered the tuna, salmon, yellowtail rolls and miso soup.  

The miso soup was ok, but the rolls were very good, the fish was fresh  and the rice was a bit sweeter than I am used too, but I like it since the rolls I ordered were so plain.  I was impressed when i saw the size of the rolls, usually single fish rolls are small, and short on protein, but this sushi chef wasn't shy with the seafood.  When i saw him lay out the fish for the rolls it brought a smile to my face. 

The only drawback to Terryin is the ambiance.  It has gray painted walls with no decorations, so it isn't the fanciest of joints, which I didn't mind at all since I was getting lunch by myself, and there was no music playing.  I wouldn't suggest going here on a date, but if you want some good sushi for a great price, give Terryin a try.
great, affordable sushi place. i come here all the time with my friends! good service too. my only complaint is that my friend ordered a sashimi dish and the chef sent out a frozen piece of fish...not cool. we sent it back and they apologized. i just thought it was strange the chef would sent it out at all. 

try the rock n' roll roll...its AWESOME
Just an Update: We brought in a party of 11 and our own bottle of sake and the staff was extra AWESOME about it. The whole dinner took up about 2 hours and we left full and happy, also a few minutes later than closing time. They never rushed us. So, they do large groups well AND its also a BYOB.
I live around the corner and my part of Pennsport is still 'up and coming'... but this place is a gem and I've been coming here regularly since it opened. They have consistently fresh, cheap sushi and they also have Saki and Japanese beers! 

One side of the menu has vegetarian, lunch specials, and as a bonus, thai and chinese options (for those friends who "cant eat raw fish"). The other side has standard rolls, specialty rolls, maki, and combos. Plus, the servers are really nice and they remember your order if you go there enough :) Steamed dumplings + Spicy Yellowtail Roll + Saki = $10.
So friends of mine told me this place is pretty good for a quick bite I figured I'd give it a shot so went there one day after work, Sitting in eating and I look over across the table and there's a mouse I lie to you not crawling on the table and I just look at the workers like there's no way this is happening right now. The lady goes over swings like a menu or some piece of paper and walks away like nothing ever happened I just paid my bill and left didn't say a word. Not to mention there so greedy I had an egg roll asked for extra duck sauce the lady added one dollar to my bill which is only a buck I'm not complaining but it's just the fact I was charged 1$ for a packet of duck sauce...can't imagine what other corners these people cut to save a buck.
Earlier in the week me and my boyfriend ordered delivery since it was too cold to get lunch. We ordered the Shrimp Shumai, the Dancing Eel Roll, and Shrimp Lo Mein, totaling around $30 including the tip and delivery fee. Usually, I personally don't order from places that does more than like 2 kinds of food, but I had a hankering for sushi and didn't want to leave my own home, so why not?

Order arrived in about 30minutes, not so bad with time. When we started eating though, we were disappointed to find that everything tasted just painfully plain. Thank god I had asked for a side order of chili oil, otherwise we wouldn't have gotten through that meal. The sushi roll was fine, but it only tasted of sauce, the shumai tasted like water in a gelatinous form, and the shrimp lo mein tasted like the oil it was fried in.

If you're thinking of getting sushi or anything from here, I'd rather recommend an all you can eat buffet, or just order from a different place entirely! Save your money, this place isn't worth it.
Love this place & it's BYOB. Owner and workers are very nice and friendly. Me and my best friends  would come here about 2 times a month. Foods very good and cheap. Our all time favorite dishes samurai tray , beef chow fun , crab Rangoon and friend dumplings .
I've popped into Terryin several times for takeout and have never been disappointed. They offer a good variety of options, but their Chicken Mei Fun and Crab Rangoon game is particularly strong. My order's always ready on time, and staff is very nice. South Philly takeout staple!!!
Super delicious sushi roll, and lo mein is my favor noodle dish. Love it. Small dining room but very comfortable.
Ordered delivery from here with a few friends. We ordered some Japanese and some Chinese food. The food came in the exact amount of time it projected which was awesome that they were so on time. 

For our meals we had:
Shrimp egg roll, pork fried rice, shrimp Sumei, spring roll, king dragon roll, tuna love roll, wonton soup. 

The food did not sit well with one of my friends and really upset her stomach. But the food tasted really good while it was going down and we were eating it! I would honestly order from here again but I would try other places too because my stomach didn't feel great after it but my one friend really didn't feel well.
Ordered for delivery from this place before. I was sitting with my cousin eating and I'm focused on my sushi all hungry and such, I ask "what did you get?" He was silent then goes "A f**kin hair in my sushi!* I look up from my sushi rolls and sees a long strand of hair. I was shocked. He called the place up to complain and he was mortified for eating half of it. They re-delivered but after this, they stopped delivering such far distances into South Philly.

2 Years Later, decided to give it another shot. A strand of hair will be easier to complain about in the actual joint. 

Went there on a rainy friday night with a friend because we were craving sushi. Found parking on the block. It was pretty empty, but we were seated in the back by this middle aged asian woman with a ponytail. She seemed nice at first. Gave us our menus and came to ask if we were ready after 2 minutes of sitting down. We hadn't checked the menu yet. Wondered why she came over so fast when the place was empty. I don't know. Well, she gave us our water. When she took our orders, she didn't understand what I was saying so she repeated things very fast and arrogantly. This look of anger came across her face and I'm just like "wow this woman is really yelling at me right now" my friend just gave me this look like "yeah..why did she just yell at you like that?" I had no clue, anyone know? Let me know. She's lucky I did not take offense to it. You don't yell at your customers if they're asking a simple question about the menu and they don't get what you're saying. I found that very rude.

However, the rest of the stay was fine. I had my night to enjoy and not let all this ruin it. I tipped 15% because I was yelled at. I consider that generous. 

I'd say the food was fair for the price. Tried King Dragon roll, not too shabby. Especially in South Philly. I don't think I will be going back though.
I remember when they first opened and went there with my friends when we were younger. It's kinda dim inside, I don't know about how it is now though. I liked their sushi and as Darlene said, it's inexpensive. So us being kids and having a Chinese/sushi spot in South Philly was a no brainer for us. We basically went there every other weekend to hang out and eat. 

I definitely have to go there again with my old friends to reminisce.
Delicious sushi and fair prices. Super fast delivery service even when it was snowing! Also have eaten in the restaurant and staff was very friendly and welcoming.
I'm kind of really on the fence about this place, which sucks because I live two blocks from here and having a sushi place that close to my house is basically a dream come true. I just, ugh, I guess I caught this place on a bad day. 

So after a total night of debauchery, I some how got convinced that raw fish would be the best hangover cure (note: it is not but that's not a reference to this place). I had been meaning to try it because several people had told me it was pretty good. My group of 7 showed up about 15 minutes after they had opened and they clearly didn't look prepared for us. Whatever, I take forever to set up the restaurant at my job too. The server was nice and gave us ample time to decide on our meal without hovering. The menu looked really good, and they offer a LOT of maki rolls both raw and cooked, as well as ample Chinese food selections as well. I went with the Philly roll and the crunchy spicy tuna roll lunch special deal (2 rolls and miso soup or a soda can for less than $8!), and shared the crab rangoon appetizer. The crab rangoons were good, but then again you can't really screw up pre-cooked and deep-fried things. The sushi was pretty decent, actually. It wasn't the most amazing thing in the world but I would definitely be perfectly content ordering it again. Everyone else seemed to like their food too, and it was all fairly priced. 

Unfortunately, the service is where things fell apart and subtracted from what would've been a 4-star rating. I feel like the server got disorganized because things were kind of in disarray. She forgot to bring out my miso soup, which I did promptly get after I asked, and she also neglected to tell the sushi chef to plate certain rolls separately. Two of my friends ordered the spicy crab roll, and both rolls came out on a plate containing the sushi order of someone else at the table. Another roll was completely forgotten as well. Paying was also complicated because we were told that we couldn't use multiple credit cards, which would've been nice to known at the beginning of the meal. Finally, I was kind of looking forward to having a hair-of-the-dog cocktail since their sign advertises it to be a bar as well, but as we walked inside there was a sign saying that their liquor license was sold and it was now BYO. Again, that would've been nice to prior to going so we could've stocked up. I feel like this place really needs to get it together in terms of organization but they just don't seem to care much.

Luckily their take-out business seems to be doing better than their actual service so I definitely see myself getting food to go over dining. After all, when it comes to sushi in this part of the city you can't really be that picky.
I order from here almost once a week. Only place to trust sushi in south Philly. Food is never a let down.
My first time here. My food was very good. We all ordered sushi. Very tasty. An extensive menu.  The price is very very reasonable. This will definately be my sushi place. And they deliver!!!!
Hot damn, this place is official like a ref with a whistle.  I'll preface this review by letting you know that although I'm moving to Kensington next month, I will definitely be making the trek to the Deep South for this place.  I only wish I had tried it sooner!

I came here after (long after) it came recommended by Timothy D.  It's a no frills Chinese food/sushi bar.  I was greeted by the two sushi chefs who were throwing together orders with great speed and precision.  I took a seat at the sushi bar and browsed the menu for a minute even though I pretty much knew what I came here for.  I went with 2 pieces of maguro and 2 pieces of unagi and a small order of General Tso's chicken with white rice.  I know, a Japanese sushi order and one of the most Americanized Chinese dishes there is.  While the one chef started on my nigiri the other guy went and prepared me some tea.  The sushi was nice and fresh and of course well prepared.  I even think the wasabi may have been actual wasabi and not horseradish with food coloring (though I'm not really 100% sures).  About 10 more minutes passed and my chicken came out of the kitchen.  I'll be honest, it's not the greatest I've had (Lakeside Chinese Deli, how I miss thee), but it was better than any other jawn down in South Philly I've tried.  

My only complaint?  Not one, but two Eagles songs were experienced playing during my visit.  This was easily remedied by taking another piece of unagi and placing it in my stomach.
I'm just a new guy from the town, and I just found this sushi place take out its so good! they always deliver fast as they can,sometime if they came so late ,the guy always saying sorry sorry LOL,it's good sushi alright.
I live in Graduate Hospital and have been on the search for good Chinese take-out. I'm not even looking for excellent Chinese because I know that's rare. 

I read the reviews on this place and gave it a try. A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.  For several reasons:
Their phone manner is pleasant, professional and friendly
Their food is very good, their crab Rangoon is just awesome
Delivery is fast and friendly

Previously we had asked friends in the area where they order Chinese takeout from and no one had found "their spot" yet. Well, spot found!
 
We haven't explored their other regional options yet, but I would not hesitate. 

This place is a gem.
Terryin is my middle-of-the-road sushi place. It's definitely not fancy, but it's good and affordable. They have a bunch of different specials you can choose from, and a lot of non-sushi dishes for those who aren't into raw fish. The people who work there are super nice, and I've never had a single mistake in a delivery order. Delivery is usually around 45 minutes on a weekday, maybe a little longer on a weekend. I've only once had a bad experience there, out of probably the 25 or so times I've ordered from here. I'd say that's pretty good.
It's not bad per se, but it's redundant. Everything has the same brown sauce on everything. The "sautéed" broccoli is the same broccoli that's in every other dish, with the same jarred, thanksgiving, brown gravy and oil.
I'm sorry but the sushi quality here is disappointing. While it might be affordable, I don't think it is worth it if you have any sushi craving. I would only get a California roll and not anything with real fish. Does not taste too fresh to me.
Seaweed salad was ok.

Got a shrimp tempura roll and a christine roll. While they tasted ok - nothing great but didn't expect great at that price - they were rolled horribly! The Christine roll was falling apart and the shrimp tempura roll had such a big circumference and was cut into thin slices making it really hard to eat and fell apart no matter what way I tried to pick it up.

This place is so close by that I was really hoping to like it. I will give it another shot, but maybe next time I'll ditch the chop sticks.
VERY friendly staff. That is where the good stops. 

Bland rolls.

Old (bitter) tea. 

There was a roach crawling on the wall. 

Hard to find parking. 


4 rolls for less than  $40 is cheap but there's a reason.
The sushi is delicious! I've been ordering food from Terryin for years and they've been consistently great. Also, the staff is very friendly.
At last delightful Chinese take out in my hood. 

Best hot n sour soup and Singapore noodled in  in South Philly.

Beef and broccoli perfectly prepared, not over sauced, not too greasy.

Have not yet eaten in or tried their sushi.
Absolutely love this place.  Miss livin right around the corner cuz you can't beat the lunch special.  Nobody believes me downtown that u can find great sushi at a great price here.  And honestly that's fine with me and my girl cuz we never have to wait for a table.  We have had some offerings from their american chinese menu and were happy with it.  How can boneless spare ribs be bad?  The secret is the maki rolls and sashimi platters.  Always delicious and the presentation is beautiful and well thought out.  Servers are always friendly as well as the chefs.  I have one complaint after 2 yrs of goin here.  I stepped in dog poo while outside smokin last week, but that wasn't even in front of their place.  We try to go here atleast 3 times a month and they always take care of us.  Keep in mind I'm a server downtown and have been in the biz for 12 yrs.  This place is amazing and definetly a hidden gem in the neighborhood.  They recently stopped sellin beer and wine and are now byob.  Which for me makes it even more cheap and delicious cuz I can get another roll or sashimi instead of a kirin if I bring my own.  Great staff, great food, clean place, 5 stars all the way.
Not a bad place for some fresh shushi & quick Chinese. Their pad Thai could definitely use some work, definitely not Thai like for me. I do love their fried squid & eels Shushi. Cheese dumplings were delicious however.
Don't be deceived by the looks. This place makes awesome sushi and the manager/sushi chef are very nice. Amazing prices and good sushi.
GOOD CHEAP SUSHI - The atmosphere leaves much to be desired... you feel like you are in a pizza shop. They do serve Japanese beer (along with Heinekein) and saki -- The beers wer $3.50 and the sake for a large pitcher was 6$! The sushi was large and super cheap and delicious! This is a great VALUE!
CHEAP SUSHI with a delivery zone that looks like UPS. 

If you're on a budget and looking for a great deal on the sushis, this is the place to dip your chopsticks not once, but twice!

I saw a review for this place and gave it a try - cheap and sushi usually sounds like a decent case of food poisoning, but this place is great. The rolls are pretty standard and they have a great 3 roll lunch special for 10 bucks. 

Delivers all over South Philly, but if you can't wait there is usually plenty of parking.
Not the best sushi, but for the price - it really is good. Average $5-8 rolls. Pretty sure the most expensive roll is about $10. 

If you like spicy stuff - get the Kiss of Fire roll, definitely a kick to all of your senses with lots of flavor. 

Only thing I didn't like is that they charge you for the dumbest things - Like 75 cents for eel sauce, and spicy mayo, and any kind of extra dressing. Like.. cmon.
I'm giving this a high review because of price & proximity. I love not having to go into Center City for sushi! The rolls on the 3-for-$10 are tiny unless you get handrolls -- it feels like you get more fish. The specialty rolls are great & priced just right. If given the choice between Terryin & Vic's, I'll pick sitting comfortably at a table rather than waiting 20 minutes for a barstool any day.
Ok.  Never eaten in the restaurant, but have had their delivery several times both Chinese and Japanese.  It inexpensive, good quality, and taste great.  Delivery for a fairly large sushi order was an hour, but I know seems long but well worth it.  Highly recommend if you are at home sick and need food or just hungry for Asian fare.  This is a little South Philly treasure.
So my wife and I went for lunch a few weeks ago and I'll say the food was not too bad. We both had the lunch specials (she had the two roll, I had the three roll) which came with Miso soup and salad. We also ordered the Tempura appetizer which came from the basement which was a little weird. It was not crowded and the food came out quickly and the service was very good. I'd probably go back again.
Personal think this place is a fantastic fast food restaurant,the lady in there is so nice and smiling whole time,they also has lots special Sushi's,and good Chinese food 2.its a good place to order an takeout.
Well. 
I had been a customer for quite some time! However, I ordered at 6 pm tonight. It arrived at 7. My husband ordered the General's Tso's, I ordered some sushi and soup... 

and my sushi had hair on it. 

Not just one, but two big ol hairs. 

Well. 

We called, and there was no argument. I asked for a full refund but oddly enough they have the driver coming back for the food... so I guess don't order from there at least not tonight!
I think Terryin puts crack in their sushi, because I AM ADDICTED!  It's both a blessing and a curse that I live close by, because I order take-out from Terryin way too often.  Their sushi is the best sushi I have ever had, their prices are great, and customer service is good.  I've also tried their shrimp pad thai which is delicious.  I can only speak to their food and take-out service, so I don't know what the dine-in experience is like...but if you're looking for delicious, affordable, sushi, this is definitely the place to check out.
Think you can't get great sushi in South Philly?  THINK AGAIN!  This place is simply amazing, and you can't beat the prices.  Clean, well maintained restaurant with friendly staff and generous portions.  I've tried their sashimi, nigiri, and maki platters and have been more than pleased each time.  Now when I go I just leave it up to the sushi chefs to surprise me, and in the 3 years I've been coming here I have yet to be let down.  I do miss their liquor license but it's even cheaper now with the BYOB.  Check this place out for some amazing sushi at a great price.
Sober review: delicious food, good prices. The rolls were amazing and I highly suggest using eel- sauce over soy sauce. If you've never had it, it's thicker and amazing and good on everything, but especially on rolls. Their lo mein is really good. And their food did not make me sick unlike most Chinese restaurants in Philly. They do a good hybrid of Chinese and Japanese. I got full quickly However it lasted for a few hours So I say that makes a good review right there. I had a hard time picking from the menu so I just kind of randomly picked a bunch of things That sounded good and then ordered. It was like Christmas when I got it and I was not disappointed.

Drunk review: it's still freaking delicious! Even cold, that lo mein is amazing. Sure, it's nothing spectacular, but many hours later it's not spoiled like so many places! It's actually going to make many meals. Still got full quickly but that's okay. That's a plus when you're drinking. Plus now I feel like I could drink more. I'm not going to because it's 2:00 a.m. and I have to be a responsible human tomorrow, But at least I will be a responsible human with more delicious food to devour tomorrow.

I will definitely order again and I am glad I found a restaurant that will give me beef lo mein and some rolls and good miso soup all in one.
The woman in the front is very rude!  She's the reason why I'm not ordering there anymore.  Also, I ordered fried rice.  They used broken rice that was uncooked and it was a lot of food coloring.  I threw it away.  I had their fried rice before in the past but it was very different this time.
When walking in Terryin, me and my bf were greeted by the waitress. She took us to our table and seated us. The only issue we have with this place is that there's no air conditioner(that's why I gave it 4 stars)! I ordered seaweed salad, 1 maki roll, 2 specialties rolls. The seaweed salad was the "BOMB", it tastes really good! But the maki roll tastes very plain, nothing spectacular. But the 2 special rolls(sorry can't remember their names by heart, but I think one was the volcanoe roll) were awesome! My bf had ordered the General Tso's Shrimp and he loves it(he's a picky eater so for him to say something like that, it got to be good). Their pricing is great, at least is way cheaper then most restaurant. I would love to go back to Terryin again, but since I lived in Delco I can't:( I will definitely go there if I happens to be in South Philly for errands:)
I was nervous about going to Terryin because of the neighborhood it's in.  Snyder near Pennsport is kind of gross, but don't let that put you off this restaurant.  Terryin's sushi and veggie General Tso's Chicken are great.  I love the spicy crunchy tuna especially.  I wish they had a veggie tempura roll...
Honestly, the very best shrimp fried rice in all of Philly. I'm a proper Philly native (191XX ZIPs my entire life), in my 30s, so I think I know what I'm talking about. All their food is great, but the shrimp fried rice is something special. It's never mushy and always seasoned the exact same way
Update on my earlier review.  I am no longer crazy about their shrimp egg rolls or their shrimp fried rice BECAUSE they changed the shrimp!  The same type of shrimp is in both of these items and I don't care for this kind of shrimp at all.  The shrimps they "used" to use in these 2 items were nice and white and delicious........sad they changed them.
This is my go-to place. They have a wide variety of options and they are one of the most reasonably priced Asian restaurants. I've always been very happy with the quality of food and how quick delivery is. 90% of the time they deliver earlier than expected. Delivery is contactless and all the food is individually packaged. I cannot recommend this place more!
The only Asian food restaurant I order from.  I've never tried the Wonton Soup but I hear it is very good.  I like the shrimp rolls, and the shrimps in their shrimp fried rice are VERY tasty.  Their sweet and sour shrimp is decent (battered).  I also like the vegetable lo mein.  I don't care for mushrooms so I just ask them to omit them in all dishes.  I LOVE their string beans with garlic sauce but not too hot.........you can ask for the degree of spicy heat you would like in their spicy foods so I always order them "mild".......if you ask for them not spicy at all, they are not as good; these are WAY better than their regular sauteed green beans which to me are bland.  I also like their Crab Rangoon.
I get the same two things every time that I've been here so far which is Avocado Rolls & Sweet Potato Rolls (with spicy mayo). And it's SO good!! Definitely on my top 5 list of fave sushi places.

I love it & recommend as well!
I go there a lot because it's close to my house. However, over the years, it seems as if the customer service has declined. Never in my life have I ordered food, have someone hang up on me, call me back, then tell me what I ordered. It was incredibly rude and not the only case where the woman in the front given me attitude or yell at me. Then she proceeds to tell me that I should use cash when I say I only have card. I'm only keeping it at two stars because until now, I've been able to take it as I like their sushi. But with the constant attitude and rude behavior, I can't support them.
