Awful service from the reception to the servers terrible! I'm surprised this place hasn't closed down yet. It's horrendous.
I visited TGIFriday's on a night that I had eaten an early dinner and thought I would be okay, but at about 10ish, I got some serious rumblings that I could NOT ignore. This Friday's is about 3 minutes from where I live so I figured, Why not? I just wanted a little something, not heavy but satisfying and wouldn't give me weird dreams. 

The crowd was a little louder than usual but it was almost 11 and I figured they don't call this place "Club Friday's" for nothing. I went to the bar and just ordered takeout figuring I would be in and out in a flash. Little did I know how true that would be...

When the server came back, he handed me the bag and then lo and behold, a fight breaks out. Yup, right there at the bar!! (...and you thought bar fights only happened on TV??) It was literally 20 feet from me. Am I dreaming? Everyone just froze in place. Then someone yelled, "OMG, he's got a gun! And then you know what happened next, don't you?

Everybody got to runnin..And what did I do? Hell, I ran too. I ran, bag and all, right outta that Friday's that night. I did not pass go, and my server did not collect $11. That's right. Damn that, I was just tryin to get a Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad, I was NOT trying to become a statistic. It's not like it mattered much, the server ran too. 

Don't... you....look at me with those judgemental eyes!! You woulda done the same thing!!

I've been to this Fridays many-a-time before and have not experienced anything like this. I mean, it hasn't been stellar but I never felt in danger. Sooo, My suggestions to you: 1) Go at lunch time or wear a vest (no, I don't mean the one mama bought u for Christmas) 2) If you're alone, sit at the bar. It makes for a great people-watching experience 3) Get the Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad - it's terrific!
The fact that it is currently shut down for health code violations should tell you everything you need to know about this dump! I can't really speak to any health code violations as I did not witness anything like that, but i certainly felt violated by the shitty drinks and terrible service. 
For some reason the bar area of this location is pretty much a night club.  Not sure what that is all about, but why only have one bartender? One miserable, slow bartender at that. This chick never made eye contact with anyone or acknowledged their existence.  You'd have to flag her down and tell her your order, all the while she was completely uninterested doing something else, and then in about a half hour she'd slam the drink down in front of you and not say a word. It was weird. The whole time we were there we felt like we were inconveniencing the employees. 
The food is the typical microwaved chain restaurant crap. I'm not even mad about that, because that's exactly what one should expect in such an establishment. But if this hell hole ever does open back up, staff could benefit in some training in basic human decency.
Second time here. Slowest service ever. Disorganized and a complete mess. 

Food is cold and you will wait forever. 

Service semi friendly but good luck getting what
You ordered.
Absolutely disgusting attitudes and service. I went here tonight to get take out and give the restaraunt a try again as I haven't come here to dine in about 2 years, but this was the most HORRIBLE experience I have ever had. 

I entered into the restaurant at approximately 9:45pm and there was a man wearing all black, with his arms crossed in front of him in an in intimidating way who just looked at me. There was no greeting, no smile, simply blocking the entrance. I asked him where "Take out" was located and he pointed to the back area. When I went to the "Take Out" desk there was a girl who again did not greet me, but simply looked at me as if I was bothering her. I asked her where the menus were and she pointed in the direction of where they were rather than get one and hand it to me. I asked her about the salads and what the price would be should I substitute salmon for the chicken that comes with it and she gave me a price that I thought was high so I asked her why that was and she continued to look at me with attitude and said "you think i'm charging you more than it is?" and then proceeds to walk away. I decided at that point to walk away and get dinner from somewhere else. While I was exiting I asked the man who was dressed in all black at the entrance who was now hunched over the host desk who the Manager was and he said he was. I asked again "you're the Manager? What is your name?" and he said "Rasull, why" and I told him because I don't like the bed side manner that I'm receiving here. You're attitude as well as the attitude of the girl who's taking take out orders are not okay." He rebutted that he didn't have an attitude and I told him that he was not kind, and his body language was not okay, it was a stance of intimidation, he then told me he didn't like my attitude and that I better leave before he calls the cops on me and proceeded to pull out his cell phone to call the police.

I cannot believe how disgusting the staff is there and how rude a treatment i was given. I am extremely disappointed and have never experienced anything like this before, it was was absolutely unacceptable.
Where to begin. I grabbed a seat at the bar as service is usually on point sitting at the bar. 

I ordered my beer and the endless app option for $10 which is a pretty stellar option. The food was decent , it's on par for Friday's. The service is probably the worst I've seen except one girl behind the bar. The rest that were here need some training. 

I am still sitting at the bar with dirty plates in front of me and I finished my food a half hour ago. Keep in mind I have had a soup, then wings, then pot skins then mozzarella sticks... I finished each app before ordering another and ALL MY DIRTY STUFF IS IN FRONT OF ME, including my first empty beer glass. 

I watched a manager walk out to the bar to fix a problem and it's like he's oblivious to the girl on her cellphone behind the bar. How about have her get off her phone and bust the bar? 

I watched them do a crappy job at washing glasses which makes me not want to finish my beer right now. I'm in food service, wash rinse then sanitize. Not half wash, rinse and stack. Glasses need to sit for a minimum of 30 seconds in sanitizer this girl didn't even dip them in the solution. 



Yes the bar is busy but you have adequate staff... I don't recommend this place
If I could give 0 stars,  I definitely would. 

Against my better judgment AFTER reading the other reviews,  I decide to give this place a chance ONLY BECAUSE it was close to my hotel.
 
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE CLOSE THIS PLACE DOWN?????

I waited almost 20 minutes for a drink while sitting at the bar with 2 bartenders and 10 other patrons seated. (I actually had time to count,  because they weren't busy... and neither was I.)

I waited 43 minutes for chips and queso. 
(After I asked the second time about my appetizer,  I  finally got it.  It was literally potato chips with queso and pico poured over it. )

I waited another 27 minutes for drink #2.

DO NOT COME HERE! IT'S NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR PATIENCE!
Wow. Where to start?  Maybe chronological order?

1. Very understaffed for a chain restaurant next to a hotel at dinnertime.  I only saw one server covering six tables, including a party of 12.
2. A hostess who appeared at the front of the house twice in two hours, requiring the server to seat guests as well as cover tables.
3. While the hostess seated us, she put us at a table next to the loud and vulgar party of 12.  We couldn't hear our own conversation.  There were other open tables available but they were dirty.
4. Sodas were flat.  
5. It took twenty minutes for a simple order.
6. One of the three orders was wrong, despite it being a simple substitution.  
7. The replacement was dry, certainly not medium rare.
8. The fryer grease was old making the seasoned fries and chicken bitter.
9. The floors were dirty and tables went uncleared for the duration of our visit.
10. A man resembling a manager or supervisor strolled through twice showing no interest in the conditions of the dining area and did not step in to assist what was clearly a situation where someone needed to step up.
11. We paid $50 for this experience.

I don't even want to elevate this post with a narrative.
The food good the service f***ing sucks its the worst i went there years ago and it was bad but this was the worst ever it was 10pm i just got done seeing dark knight at kop on my way home my bf and i decided to get a late night snack nothing major just a couple apps.  First it took someone a good 5 min to even notice that we were there cuz no one was at the hostess stand then they told us the wait was 10 min i was like wait there was 3 tables right near the door empty so we waited he sat us down and said our server would be right over 20 min later now lie i am surprised i waited that long he took our order including drinks and never even said sorry for the wait so were order and figuring he would come back with our drinks yeah right they did not come out till he brought the food which took a bit long for 2 sampler platters then he happened to walk by again and we asked for second drink half way through the meal he said ok never saw him for 15 min we sat there looking at each other done our food and no drinks no check no waiter we told another waiter in the section to get our waiter we wanted our check out waiter came back and left the check on the table and never brought the second drink so we paid and left no tip by the way and i never ever do that never i refuse but i guess he was not worried he was to busy with whatever since we hardly saw him at his other tables in the section.  I will never go there again i will drive to center city out of my way next time.
Goodnesssss. Wow. After I passed through the cloud of marijuana smoke to get through the front door I found a restaurant full of some not so desirable clientele. Thankfully my order was to go. I got home and to my dismay my vegetable sides were a total joke. I had like 4 broccoli pieces and like 3 pieces of Brussels sprouts cut in half. Absolutely absurd. If I had the energy to go back over there I'd ask for my money back but I'm too famished from lack of nutrition. Shut this place down now.
Service was complete RUBBISH!! Raquel absolutely hated her job and did absolutely nothing except dish out an attitude. I am never going to this location again
The Fridays on City Line Avenue is very noteworthy indeed. The service SUCKS. And the funny thing is that I work there. Yes, I am amazed at my co-workers lack of respect for their job and their customers. This is the only restaurant that I have been to that I have seen a customer ask a waiter for help and for the waiter to respond, "I am not your waiter, that's not my job. You need to ask your waiter for that."

Granted, there are a few good servers. But the majority lounge around in the kitchen, avoiding work and waiting on their tables at all costs.  Yes, the food may be good at Fridays but if you are looking for exceptional service , look elsewhere. Or just ask for me when you come. :)
Gave it a shot. They didn't deliver. 
Friday's brings back high school memories, but the food just isn't that great. 
I ordered the Jack Burger - that sauce is good, but seemed sludgier than I remember it. Burger wasn't that big. Fries helping was small. 
Food took a long time to come out. We went for a work lunch, and it took an hour before we ordered and got food - not cool!
They didn't even come by to refill my water :/
Take a pass on Friday's.
One word "Ghetto." If you come on a Monday or Tuesday for drinks its not that bad cause no one is really here. But I came on busy night and walked right out because the place was FILLED with the ghetto/hood crowd and Philadelphia Police cars were sitting outside monitoring the place. Apparently, this was normal. Ummmm, it's not normal for police to have to monitor a restaurant all night. If your a restaurant that needs to have police outside on standby your restaurant has a big problem.
If I could give this Fridays NO STARS I would...

1.) Service:  Our waitress IMANI was THE WORST SERVER I have ever had at any restaurant.  My husband is a server and we are very laid back people but this woman honestly should be fired.  She was not only rude, but she was disrespectful and degrading.  She acted like she was better than everyone.  Every table she was the waitress for, waited for the manager, to complain.  My husband and I actually request a new server.  We ordered, waited 30 mins and then once complained to the manager and got a new server  found out this woman DIDNT EVEN ENTER OUR ORDER.  I have never been so appalled.  I could go on forever!  She was the worst!!!! 

We received a new server - Diana.  She was really good.  She tried to make our experience better.  Honestly, more than once, I just wanted to walk out.


2.) Food:  Potato skins were fine.  Nothing special, typical skins.  My husbands burger was dry and overcooked.  Thankfully my dragon salmon I had a coupon for because otherwise, I would have not paid $17 for the tiny piece of fish and veggies.


3.) Drinks:  My husband ordered the margarita, it was all sour mix.  We sent it back.  He then ordered a gin martini, it was all vermouth, he sent it back.  He then ordered well gin on the rocks...the bartender gave us premium gin and it was barely a shot.  Such a disappointment.


Sadly, this Fridays should be shut down.  It is so ghetto and ratchet.  All of the servers have no class, poise or care for customer service.  The manager "tried" to help by taking our appetizer off the bill.  Seriously, he should have comped the whole thing.  It just goes to show that they do not care.  


Do not go here!  Drive the extra mile and go to Chilis.  Better food, drinks and service.


Again!  FIRE IMANI!!! SHE IS SO TERRIBLE!!!
After trying to decide whether to eat at Chili's, Houlihan's, or TGI Friday's, a friend and I realized that we were splitting hairs.  We figured we couldn't go wrong with TGI Friday's, but it turns out we could not have been more wrong.  

We came on a Monday night and it must have been the night of the week when employees were asked by management to provide lousy service.  For starters, there must have been a car accident in the kitchen preventing the waitress from getting the food to us because it took an inordinate amount of time to get our appetizer and entrees to the table.  Presentation has never been very important to me, but this was something else.  There were only two possible explanations for my friend's fish taco plate looking as horrible as it did:  it had either been prepared in the dark by a blind chef or there had been a massive earthquake that had rocked the kitchen that somehow we hadn't felt.  My turkey burger was cooked okay, but the wilted and chopped lettuce that they served upon request looked as if it had been sent over from a soup kitchen's reject pile.

Despite being in a recession, I would never come back to this hellhole ever again even if they were having a promotion where they were giving away their food to the starving public.
I will never go here again. It's really unfortunate because when I go there during the day on the weekdays there's a really sweet bartender that always remembers my orders and is very kind and attentive. But the rest of this staff is RATCHET. I could give two shits if a place's entire staff is a race different than mine. But at times I have felt that I do not belong there and am being sent a message by the complete lack of customer service. I have waited 15-20 minutes to even be greeted at the bar. I've worked at a bar that gets just as busy as theirs and we have never made anyone wait that long to be greeted. The number one rule is to greet the customer and get them a menu AT THE LEAST. I could honestly deal with that though. If it was just them being too busy. But the worst part was when I went there on a busy Friday night around 11pm and was being blatantly ignored by the bartender. Finally after 20 minutes a group of girls at the bar that seemed to be friends with her asked me if I needed a drink and called her over to help me. She laughed and talked to them and then coldly asked me what I wanted. I ordered a Long Island and she asks me what flavor. Well I just want a regular Long Island iced tea no special flavor. I order this all the time during the day. So she says "regular" and laughs and looks at her friends and walks away. So at this point I'm gonna pay, down my drink and get the f out of there. She gives me the drink and I ask her to close me out and give her a 20. You won't believe this bitch leaves the bar for 20 minutes with my money in her pocket. Was she going to go buy crack or what? She seemed like she couldn't slow down worth anything and was rude as hell so I wouldn't put it past her. Finally she gets back and I ask her for my change. She says I'm getting to it. So another 5 minutes later she's fidgeting around with the register and I ask about my change again and she rudely says she's getting it. I couldn't believe it. Completely ridiculous. Half of my friends are black. I come from Oakland California. I have no problem eating at a place where I'm the only white person. But when I get treated that way for no reason I have to wonder what's going on. I've been treated unprofessionally other times at this place by that one was the breaking point. I'll never go back.
I really suspect that the only reason this place does any business is because it is in the same lot as the Crowne Plaza (which is a nice place by the way). From start to finish, I was thoroughly unimpressed and disappointed with the service. Nobody was rude, but it's clear that the servers either never learned how to properly care for customers, or they didn't practice whatnot here learned. The two people at the front area ignored me and kept chatting with a person who had already been helped. After a third person (the only professional one) came over, we actually got seated. We waited 20 minutes for our food. My salad was dressed incorrectly and clearly not checked by the server. He then promptly disappeared for 20 minutes, only running past us to do the fastest check in I've ever seen. I did manage to see 3 staff members playing with their cellphones, at least 4 stopping to watch th
Unfortunately this placed lived up to all its yelp review hype. For some reason a friend of mine wanted to do a work lunch here and I said yes. I saw the reviews but decided to proceed. I thought thus place might just surprise me. Bad decision!!!

#HoodFridays

It started off nice, the hottest at the front came out to open the door and greet us. That's about where the good stuff ended. We ordered and about an hour later our food came. I had to flag down our waitress just to get an update. 

Not sure why it takes that long to microwave food and get it out, you know they're not really cooking back there... I got really heated when I looked back and saw a server snacking on some food while I waited. On top of that, we sat there the whole time and she didn't once offer to refill our drinks.  The girl disappeard!!!

So yeah, the reviews were all accurate. This place sucks and I will not be returning to #HoodFridays
I understand TGI Fridays on a Friday are notorious; however, when you have great management issues can be minimized and/or at least be unbenounced to patrons. 

Sitting at the bar this past Friday with my cousin we turned around to a disturbance behind us. One of the people sitting at the high top bar behind us had thrown up right behind us. We couldn't even get up to move it was right there. The one who was assigned to clean it was kind enough to say to us that he would have a manager come talk to us and see if they could do anything about the bill. No manager came by and when the bar tender brought us the check and i mentioned this she was very rude. "A bar back told you he could do something about your bill??" She was very demeaning and inconsiderate considering how a man just threw up on our heels. It shouldn't have been a question to take care of us. 

DONT COME HERE
While I see a lot of negative posts, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at my experience. It took a minute to be seated, they didn't have a hostess at the front stand, so the poor waiters kept running back and forth to make sure everyone that came in would be seated right away. 

Sorry to say, I don't remember our server's name, but he was a very tall man, bald and was extremely pleasant the whole time. 

They offer lunch specials, but they are printed in the back of the HUGE menu they have. I can only assume it so people order from the regular menu. I had the chicken fingers lunch special and got to choose from an additional add on (Bruschetta, Salads, Soup). The chicken fingers were above what I was expecting and the fries were hot, crispy and delicious! 

I'd definetely come back here if I was in the area again!
Horrible location. Awful service. Ran out of standard items, chicken strips, but didn't tell us until 20 min after we ordered. Not sure what they were doing up until then. 

Wait staff is always MIA and they don't make eye contact. Just awful! I won't be back
I've had mixed experiences with different TGI Friday's restaurants, but this one is consistently terrible.  Most of the servers are rude and don't seem to care about customer service (my apologies to the few who do), and the quality of the food is inconsistent at best.  I was once served a bowl of soup and was told they were out of spoons.  There are plenty of other places in the area to go for pub food.  I'd suggest going to one of them instead.

And if you get the feeling that the place isn't that clean, their health inspection reports pretty much confirm this.  Gross.
worst food place ever, i wouldnt even call it a restaurant
I ordered a jack Daniel ribeye with half rack rib and my girl ordered a flat iron, both medium. But both came out over well done. The rib is like plastic. The "ribeye" isnt really ribeye, more like cheap beef from dollar tree. 
The drinks cannot be worse. 
Seriously, dont even try.
The service was horrendous.  It took two hours (6:30 to 8:30) on a Wednesday night to get one appetizer and two entrees (one salad and one burger.)  The waiter walked by the table a dozen times and never refilled our fountain drinks.  He never said anything like, "Sorry for the wait," or, "Let me see what's taking so long."  He made zero attempt to make it right.

The food was pathetic.  Compare the advertised pictures to the actual food.  It would be hilarious if we weren't paying for it.
Quite possibly the worst tgi Friday in the USA. Extremely crappy service. Takes 30 mins to get your order taken after waiting 30mins for a table.

It took this location over an hour to get the orders to the table only to find out they messed the orders up!
Incompetence rules here. If you still decide to come here....good luck. I have to give it a star because yelp won't let me give it a black hole.

Not recommended. T.G.I. Fridays should check up on this location...they're losing out. BIG TIME.
This is the worst fridays I have ever been to. I took my parents there who are in from pittsburgh. The service sucks and the place is to loud 

Never come here
I'd have to agree with Misha. This location is pretty 'hood for the neighborhood it happens to be in.

That being said, that didn't stop my friend and I from ordering a few drinks and having a good time. We ordered the Island Punch which is amazing (even though its like $9, it's a nice size).

Whoever designed the bathrooms must've been a huge fan of Labyrinth though. Each stall faces a different angle/wall; it's rather weird.
If I could give this location a 0 out of 0 ratings, I would. My table of five came in today around 3:57pm and were seated but nobody came to our table at all for drinks or food. When we were seated, we were told our waitress would be right over. At 4:18pm, we still had no waters or any service at all. One of my friends went to the wait staff who were all huddled up together talking for assistance and was told someone will be right over. A couple of minutes pass and still, nothing. Another friend asked for assistance again even if for just water and we were told that we were seated in an area with no wait staff assigned but they would figure it out. We waited until about 4:35pm and still... Nothing. We walked out without even glasses of water on our table.
Possibly the worst service I have ever seen anywhere.  All the reviews you have read of the abysmal service is accurate.  There are too many other choices near by.  Don't waste your time here (unless you really want to sit and wait forever and get mediocre food).
They seem to really be trying harder.  Shout out to the best server I've ever had there Toney was fast, quick with the refills and very nice.  He went above and beyond (which explains his tip ;))

Restaurant had the A/C cranking today and it felt awesome!   Great job on nailing my not so easy order and stepping up the quality.

I'll be back - but I think I'll call first to see if Toney is working.
Placed an online order at 730pm that said it would be ready at 750. I arrived at 755 and was told to pick up my order at the bar. It's now 815pm and I just spoke to manager after waiting who says my ticket is still hanging and I received no time frame on when it will be ready. Just to wait and they will get to it when they can. An Uber driver is also here waiting for a pick up because only half of order of ready. Another customer is digging through the bags behind the bar trying to find his order because no one has even addressed him. If you want even decent service I would suggest you stay far far away from here. Also The bar smells like rotting alcohol. 

Update: 822 and I received my food. On a positive note, the gentleman that brought me my food was kind. They are busy tonight but I suspect that this is there normal given the managers response and lack of action.

Second update: the chicken is RAW.
I went here tonight and the service was terrible..  the host sat us down in the worst area.. the waitress look like she was high.. she did not ask us if we want water or did she ask us if we want anything  else when she came to the table or when she walked by.. it took more than 30 minutes just to get two mixed drinks.. how long does it take to make a drink? The food took forever.. we asked for some sauce for the shrimp and we was damn near done with our food before the sauce came out, our shrimp was cold by then.. never again! The waitress definitely lost out on a great tip! I definitely won't be going back here.. my rate is -1 Star..
Let me say this... I come here all the time and typically the services ISNT the best. However, I have to give TGIF their credit during COVID-19 because the service has been a step up, and the food is always delicious. Stopped in this afternoon, my takeout server Sabria was super helpful and had great listening skills s/o to her for making sure all of my sauces were inside the bag!

Sidebar--I love their fried green beans, fried shrimp, dragon salmon and beyond meat burger, and the margaritas and long islands are always on point!
So if you're drunk and want to get down this place is LIT.   Literally Club Fridays on Fridays and Saturdays.    Loud as heck too.   Place gets really really packed.   But sometimes I just want to chill and eat and have my food fast.   

If you're young or feeling like partying this place is 5 stars except for the wait time.  

If you're older or have a headache you'll think this place is too loud.
There is not much positive to say about this place...from start to finish the experience was lackluster bordering on inexcusable. A group of 6 of us came in later in the evening after traveling many hours for a college graduation. It was around 9 and we were all starving. This was right next to the hotel so we decided to not waste any more time and just eat there. Upon walking in we were not greeted and had to ask if we could be seated. They said it would be an hour wait...over half the restaurant was empty. We said ok we will be at the bar let us know when a table become open. This never happened...we ended up just eating at the bar.
The next observation I had was the horrible shape of this restaurant...its filthy and unkept. Wallpaper peeling off the walls ceiling tiles missing and it was just gross. The server was great she was super nice and accommodating. The issue is the wait time on everything. 20min for a beer our food took well over an hour to come out and mine was incorrect. I sent it back and it took another 50 min. Everyone in the group was done eating and waiting. The manager said he would take it off the bill but no apology or anything. I feel it wasn't enough...we still ended up spending $100 on our finial bill for this train wreck. I did not get my food until 11pm! 

This is where things got real wired...a dj came in and started blasting music. Extremely inappropriate songs for a Friday's which brands itself as a family restaurant. I don't necessarily care as we were all adults. The issue was it was just so loud it felt like we were in a club and not a restaurant. We couldn't hear ourselves think let alone have a conversation. I'm all for a party atmosphere but this was too much. 

Basically, this place is a disaster and I recommend finding somewhere else. This is the absolute worst restaurant I've ever had the displeasure of eating at.
all i can say is NO.  first of all, i felt like we were eating outside because of all the bugs.. including the huge spider that i found crawling up my fiance's arm after we had been there for a while.  but that's not even the worst.  our server had no clue when it came to bar drinks... my fiance ordered a Dos Equis, and he was clueless.. then came back almost TEN MINUTES later to tell him they didn't have "that dos drink" (that was in the menu..) so would he want something else.  Refills were so slow, even to be offered.  My food was no good, but that could've just been the certain item I picked, which also I know isn't the server's fault.. but still.  He then asked us if we were going to be a while because he was done a while ago, and he had 5 kids at home he had to take care of.  i mean, i get it, you want to go home- i wait tables and bartend too, so i know, but i never tell my tables that!  he did tell us he wasn't trying to rush us, but what would YOU call it?  we still tipped him good because of both of our experience in the business, but oh boy... he needs to redo his training or something.  Also, that place is more like a local hang-out than a restaurant, and i think that's what really did it for us.  we were sitting near the door, and wow... the people just hanging out were ridiculous!  and i'm pretty sure they were off-duty employees, because they kept running back to the kitchen and they seemed to know everyone.  But they were using really terrible language (and they were REALLY loud about it), and just being obnoxious.  And it was pretty clear that the managers didn't care because they were around, just not putting a stop to the "party" going on at the door.  But honestly, these guys (one in particular who apparently is there ALL the time) were obnoxious- running around, being way over the top, and just loud.  REALLY RUDE and didn't exactly add to the dinner date.  Honestly, all the stuff with out server (who WAS nice, just not a good server) probably would have been more easily over looked if I wasn't already irritated with all of that.  somebody really needs to put a stop to that.. I've been waiting tables for 5 years now and I have never worked anywhere where the managers would allow that from any employee- on the clock or not.  It REALLY takes away from any kind of positive experience you could even hope to get from that place.   

On the other hand, Avia (not sure on the spelling??) is super sweet!  she took over for our server once we settled our bill and continued ordering.. my fiance ate there for lunch earlier in the week and she was his server, so once he saw her he made mention of being in there before and how well she did her job, so i'm sure that had something to do with her taking us on, but none-the-less, we appreciated her willingness and attention, and for that, we way over tipped her, but she deserved it more than he did.  so next time we go, we'll be asking to sit in her section for sure.
Good burgers but slow service and apathetic staff members leaves a bad taste in the mouth.

 My co-workers and I decided to go to T.G.I. Fridays for lunch and we were promptly seated. After that, at least 10 minutes later, the server arrived expecting to take our order but we did not even receive the menus yet. Another 10 minutes went by, the server was very nice and took our order. 

 We ordered our appetizers and main entrees. When the food to arrive at our tables, we received our main entrees first. By the time we were finishing up our main entree, the appetizers arrived next. It wasn't a big deal but we were all anticipated on having the appetizers to come out first.

 There were a few times that we asked to have our plates exchanged and one of the staff members did not come back with new plates. So, we decided to let that slide. Another time, we asked to combine our checks since we sat at two different tables and the server came back with two separate checks. We wanted to consolidate our bill onto one single payment.

 Overall, our dining experience here at this T.G.I. Fridays was abysmal. I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately, there were a few too many unacceptable errors. If you want excellent customer service, I would recommend going elsewhere. If you want a quick bite to eat, I would recommend going elsewhere. If you want slow service and apathetic staff, I would recommend coming to this T.G.I. Fridays.
I really like TGI Friday's Endless Appetizers for $10. I think its a sweet deal especially if you're with a little group of people. The service was great and our waitress, Shout outs to Aaliyah!, made our whole experience here great!. She was very personable and very accommodating ( we had three small children and needed a high chair). Our food took a little while to get there as there was a very crowded " after work" rush that swamped the staff and kitchen I assumed but not a big deal. I would not mind coming back here but maybe during the first few days of the week, the weekend will be reserved for somewhere less populated on thursdays.
Restaurant is handily located for a stay at nearby Crowne Plaza Hotel. But it was noisy, they were out of their best wine, and they were even out of wedge salads!  The wine glass was still wet from a cursory washing. They brought the wrong order for my wife -- twice!  Asked for mustard with my burger, but got mayo. The waitress never returned after delivering our orders to refill water or ask how the food was.  We waited forever to get our bill, and only then got it by asking the manager twice to send the waitress with the bill. Food was so-so, and it cost $35.00 (before tip) for 1 wine, 1 turkey burger, 1 appetizer, and 1 house salad.  I would say that makes it about 25% more expensive than it should be.
I take back that pervious tip of very clean, the floors were very sticky, the bathroom was disgusting, my mom stepped in a puddle that just so happened to be urine! The service was very slow our waiter took 20mins to bring us our checks after we asked for it! The food was so horrible that we're on our way to California Pizza Kitchen as I yelp!
Yeah, this place sucks.  I normally avoid chains but I got invited for a work lunch with the big boss.  We got seated fast.  The place wasn't packed at all, but it was super loud and we waited an hour for our lunch, really?  I know they weren't importing the spice for my Caribbean chicken sandwich.  Also, I don't know what lawsuit they lost, but all their health info is on the menu now.  It was hard to find anything under 30G Saturated fat, 1600 calories and 3000g of sodium.  

About 45 minutes into our wait (we didn't say anything) the waitress came over and told us she informed the manager about our long wait and she didn't know why it was taking so long (asking the chef might be the first investigation spot).  That's fine, but the manager didn't give us any cut on the bill, he/she didn't even come over to us, so who cares if she told her manager?

My 10$ sandwich tasted pretty good but it wasn't worth the wait or hassle.  I know this place is on city line, but it was like 5-10% packed.  Go somewhere else.
Called in for take out today, figuring that the post game croud would have cleared out already.After calling and being hung up on twice, I should have known.I just had to have those J.D Ribs.After the third call and 5 minutes on hold I finally placed my order to very un pleasant gentleman on the other end "Ma'am im trying to take your order" over the loud screaming and conversations on his end "Can you speak slower or come in to place your order"After placing my order I was told 20 minutes...which I knew would be more like 35minutes.1 hour later, still no food.After I was told to wait at the bar with my two year old son, I was not pleased! The manager offered to give me a two free desserts, whicch by the way if I wanted them I would have to wait another 20min.lol.If I want J.D ribs next time i'll make them myself.
We came just for dessert & drinks and it was excellent, friendly & quick.  The wait staff doted over our children.  The chocolate peanut butter pie was yummy, and they gave our daughter a lot of ice cream for our buck-fifty.
Worst service ever ! One of the host has an angry ass attitude but the manager wasn't even fucking better, me and my friends have been sitting here for over an hour and haven't got a clean table or menu or nothing this is crazy. Don't come here !
This place is a disasterrrrr, i would never step foot with my son here again. Service was alright, the waiter took 3-4 customers orders at one time inc mines n my son's orders, must be very tough on him...Food was served on time, and it was just too good and iwas satisfied w it... After our 1st course meal, All of our dirty plates were stacked in front of us and noone seems to bother to come and clear it up until after an hr we been there. Its pretty busy for a Monday afternoon but they need to work on their services, needs alot of improvements !!!
Not that I give Fridays any sort of credance...but it's sort of food. And it got to the table.  Server was slow. He didn't refill drinks.  He didn't inform us of options with our meals (side order options.) The food was bland. Not even overly salty like most overly processed crap they typically churn out. The place overall is kinda grungy.  And noisy. Skip it and hit the place next door.  Potbelly station, California pizza kitchen, pei Wei...etc
Well, I can't say much about this Friday's for my visit in July, 2015. The Greeter was the only positive point, as he was very nice. I then sat at a table in the bar area, which was not crowded, maybe about 1/2 full. There may have been between 3-5 people  behind the bar at any time, sometimes not busy, and not one person of any type of job came over to me in the 15 minutes before I walked out. 

Parking can be tricky, as they share a lot with a large hotel.
The experience on this t.g.i fridays was the worst.

-waited for 15 minutes to be asked for drinks and when she came before asking what would I like to drink she asked if we where ready to order

-the food felt as if it was preheated on the microwave specially the ribs 

-basically throwed the beer in my table and didnt gave me a glass (but she did gave glass to other tables)

-my gf ordered a frozen margarita and it tasted as frozen lemonade, we asked for a change (kindly) and she didnt (but did changed the same drink to the other table which complained for the same thing!)

We leaved after the apetizers, we felt as we where simply not welcomed to the place.
I brought my mom here for lunch. Overall, everything is okay. I had a burger, but I've had better. The wait wasn't long. And the host and other waiters were overall respectful. Don't know what it's like getting there when the crowd swells. It was alright.
Called in for take-out. Guy on the phone told me food will be ready in 15-20 minutes. Now I'm here it's damn near past 30 minutes since I ordered. No biggie though, because it was busy in there. I used to work in a restaurant, understand. I should of walked out as soon as I walked in the door. I didn't feel comfortable inside. It was very loud, and somewhat unruly inside. A lot of hood rat customers was in there. Their conversations was way too loud! Not surprised though. Hunger prevailed over common sense. Some of the waiters acted unprofessionally. I think I saw one dancing like she was in a rap video, and talking hoodrat slang. She should of left that sh-t at home, or for the birds. Anyway, I enjoyed the steak. I don't recommend dining in if you looking for a quiet family type atmosphere with good service. You won't get it here. This place 2 stars at best. I will not repeat!!! There were some doable chocolate honey waitresses working in there though. I would only come back here only if I can eat them...lol.
Service & Staff- Unacceptably incompetent  
Food- Pretty darn good! 
Establishment- Shut this place down! 

Walked in & waited at the hostess station to be seated or greeted. No one there for 10 mins. Flagged down a few people who seemed to be lost & still in training mode. Surveying the restaurant I see there are a handful of tables occupied. Plenty were empty. 

Finally we were seated at a table. Sat there for 10-15 mins until a waitress came. I'm already frustrated from earlier, so this just raised my frustration up another notch, although I TRY my hardest to understand & be patient. People who were seated right next to us were seated AFTER us & received their apps and entrees BEFORE us. WHY? Because our waitress spent 15-20 mins at a table with older woman explaining about their split checks all the while dancing & singing with no urgency in the world. 

Our entrees came out WITH the app (which was cold) & 10 mins later the kids meal which was ordered before the rest. At this point I'm just ready to leave. We explained that what happened was not ok & the waitress assured us she'll talk to the manager & possibly comp something. Check came & no comp on total bill. Pointed this out & she said "Ugh flagging down this manager is so hard!" Ummmm......that's not my problem! They took it off & she had the audacity to say our total bill keeps going down (the free entree & now the comp)

AVOID! No amount of coupon, promotion or whatever is worth the horrible service you will receive.
This is a very busy location but it is poorly managed. There typically is a 20" or longer wait for a table, yet there are many tables actually open. Instead of using the open tables, they just make people wait. The wait staff is not motivated and it takes a long time to be served. We waited 30" for a table and it took another 15" to get a waitress at the table. A manager actually came to our table to ask how everything was not even noticing we had no drinks or anything at the table. When I let him know we were waiting for a waitress, he took our drink order and apologized but that's where his intervention ended. It's took another 15 minutes to get our drinks from our waitress but it wasn't the correct drink order. She took it back and took another 10" to bring the right drinks! Basically, we waited 40 minutes for a server.  I will say that the food was very good and cooked appropriately but there was no additional service. No napkins, no refills, no visit from the server at all. We did notice the server spending some time with some gentleman at another table flirting away for a good 15 minutes so maybe that's what she was spending her time doing instead of waiting on tables. There are a lot of people who sit at the bar and it is a little loud but this could be a great place if it was better managed and the waitstaff were interested in actually serving the customers who were dining. I have been there twice and the service has been the same hence the reason I'm leaving the review it seems to be standard for this particular location.
The service is lacking. The food was OK. I would not come back here. Drive some more to somewhere else.
My buddy & I went here last night around 10pm. He warned me we'll be waiting forever to eat, and that was far from music to my ears, especially because I left the house with bbq ribs on my mind, and hunger pains in my stomach. Well, long story short, the host sat us, and after 30 minutes, no one ever came to our table, everyone around us was complaining about the service, and one older lady even jokingly told me and my buddy, "The next time you come here make sure you bring your own sandwiches & food to eat, because you're gonna be waiting forever! We walked out...

I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Customer service was non-existent!
I love TGIF. It's the jack Daniels sauce that keeps bringing me back, but not to this location. This is the first time we ordered from this location, we tend to make the drive up to kop but I wanted to give this place a shot. 
We called ahead, both entres from the jack Daniels grill; flat iron steak and the sirloin with shrimp, medium and medium raw both mash potatoes. When we arrived back to the house, both steaks were well done and I couldn't eat mine because it tasted burnt. They also forgot the shrimp. They charged us, but it wasn't packaged for us. We were both tired from driving 2 hours so I wasn't in the mood to drive back just for shrimp. I just ate the mash potatoes drenched in the sauce. I thought I could eat anything wih that sauce, boy was I wrong. A burnt steak still tasted like a burnt steak. The next night, my friend wanted to make it up to me so he drive all the way to kop and ordered the same thing. This TGIF got it right. I seriously love that sauce though.
I came to the restaurant expecting to be greeted by a energetic waitress but that was not the case.   When I asked about the specials I was given only a portion of them.  I looked on my phone for the other specials. When given a drink from my waiter I did not enjoy the taste and I wanted to request something different but I could not find my waitress for about 8 minutes.  I decided to go to the bar to get a different drink.  When I did this the waitress seemed annoyied.  The people I came with got there appetizers before I did and I was served almost 5 minutes after.   Overall my meal tasted alright but my experience was not too pleasant.  I will not be returning.
Friday afternoon., it was a little busy but we got seated after 15-20min. Food came in a reasonable time. My steak wasn't as tender as I expected but not bad. My friend pastas were cold so they heated up for her. Overall it was fine.
What a disaster.  My co worker and I were there two weeks ago for lunch.  Our server was the brightest spot in this farce.   She was kind, funny, and did her best.  The spinach flatbread was good, I have to say.  The rest was awful.  The korean steak tacos were so bad that I spit it back out into my napkin.  My co worker asked for butter and it took about 15 minutes. Why?  The server explained to us that everything that comes out of the kitchen requires a ticket.  MELTED BUTTER required a ticket.  Wow.  
How did this place stay open and Houlihan's closed?
They need 2 hire a whole new staff they will have u wait 15 min b4 they even bring u a menu then they take ur order and it still take hr 4 ur food to come out and it's not like they r busy at 3pm
Three stars because the food was good. But, the service was just bad. When we arrived, there was no one to seat us. We waited at the hostess stand for about 10 minutes. When we were finally taken to a table, it was still dirty, and needed to wait for them to clean it, while we stood around waiting. Once we sat, it took forever to get our drinks (4 waters), and also utensils. Out of all honesty, it's a chain, but the service should still be good. I'd go back if service improved.
In a word .... Pit. Lazy staff, cold food. Avoid it. This is possibly one of the worst Friday's I have EVER seen.
Worst place the waitress messed up our meal than my wings came and hair was sitting right there on the top when the waitress saw it she apologized and said she would be right back but she had a lot of tables so I think she forgot and I seat there for a while with the hairy wings in front of Me until she came back to grab them by than my family was done eating I told her I wasn't interested in Ordering to bring us the Bill and she took them off the Bill gross place.
"Welcome to Thunderdome"
I would give this place negative stars if I could.  My daughter and I were staying nearby at the Hilton and decided to walk to get something to eat.  I should have read the reviews before hand but being a chain I assumed there would be some consistency, first mistake.  We gave our name and were told there was a 15 minute wait? More than half the tables were empty?  When we were seated, the waitress asked if we were ready to order and walked away without a response from either of us.  The reason, a group of guys who should have been cut off were shoving and yelling and throwing beer mugs.  After the whole kitchen staff came out with their phones, the server came back and took our order.  These guys were not asked to leave by management and other guest even began yelling. Some more yelling, mediocre food, a lot of F bombs and $40 later we were ready to leave.  But, the manager was blocking the door because the group was now in the foyer pushing one another again.  Read and trust the reviews, STAY AWAY!
The food was better than usual, but the service was worse than usual...
My mom - if you knew my mom you would know what I mean by this - my MOM actually said the waitress must be getting by on her looks. lmao.

For the record, I don't feel the need to review Friday's, but I am so inspired by Mrs. Carrie E.'s pages and pages of reviews that I am just gonna start rating every place I go. lol
First time I went there the service was okay, but this it was awful.  The waitress did not even introduce her name to us nor did she even paid attention to us, the only time she did look at us was when she was talking our order.  Another thing, bring your own drink there too because to get the waitresses attention took us about 15-20 minutes (no exaggeration).  The crazy part is that this is all done on a Monday, there were no events going on, not even busy where we customers had felt neglected.

Don't go here, especially when you are starving!
Fridays - well - what are you going to say - it's one of the BEST chain restaurants that are at a good serviceable price point for many people who may not be able to access quality food - speaking to my fellow foodies.  Because I have a location near my home - I would use it as a meeting location when I was dating.  It is good for cheap appetizers and drinks.  Usually the place is packed no matter when you go - this location - the service is ok - could use improvement.  The sound level is high and the people (customers) are obnoxious!!  I am usually in and out and would never dream of going here Fri & Sat!!  

Good thing - you can count on regular menu items and usually at reasonable prices.
The worst service ever!!!! I can't believe how bad this place is. I will never ever go back to this location ever! If u go on a Friday or Saturday night and let's say ur older than 30 u might think u just walked into a freaking club. If that's ur scene cool, I just pray u have amazing patience because after waiting 25 min for food it came out cold and wrong. Yeah I guess that happens sometimes when ur waiter writes nothing down and goes on memory.
Worst service I've had in a while. After being seated, we were not even greeted by our waitress for fifteen minutes. She apologized and stated she would be right back with waters for everyone several times. The drinks didn't come for another ten minutes. Our appetizer came out after our meals. The waters that were promised came even later. While cleaning up the waitress left a stack of dirty glasses and dishes in front of my friend's face and left to tend to another table. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the food was decent. Avoid if possible.
Our server and the staff were very nice, polite, and attentive. However, I give this Fridays a one star because of food quality and price. The boneless wings were on our table with less than 5 minutes of ordering and lukewarm, suggesting they had been sitting for a while. Not to mention, they were $11 for 8 or 9 small wings. I knew I had to make a review when we got our "loaded fries" appetizer. They were served on a small salad plate and charger $8. I could have received the same fries from Wendy's for less than $3. Save your money, try another restaurant around the area.
Really slow and bad service. We waited for 30 mins and food came after 1 hour more. Ordered a melted cheese dish but they took another 15 min to give any cutlery which made the dish go cold and solid. We also ordered a steak which took 90 minutes. Food quantity is not satisfactory at all.

The service lady was polite. Food quality was ok.
What went right !??
Food took forever and was cold and was wrong . Server appeared to be stressed. He acted like he cared. But I did karaoke and that was very fun !
Came to Friday's on a Monday afternoon. Only two servers working the entire restaurant so service was very slow, but server was so very polite. She did her best to keep checking in on us but explained that they were severely short staffed. 

Food was okay. I got the mozz sticks which I really didn't like at all. They tasted like frozen sticks reheated. Not really good. The buffalo wings (mild) were actually really good but they gave me no flats, just drumsticks. Still really flavorful. Then I had the chicken fingers and fries both yummy but I was stuffed and ended up taking it home. 

I got the $10 entree deal. So my app.. entree... and dessert (molten choc cake) was $10. Not bad at all. The cake I took home and I expected to just toss it in the trash but found myself craving cake later that night and it was delicious. So soft and chocolatey with choc icing on top! So good!
Terrible service. We were in here for an unneeded 2 hrs. It took about 40 mins just to get our drinks n which then the waitress said they ran out of one the beverages that were requested. I asked for my burger on the green (no bun), add spicy mustard n white cheese; the meal was brought out on the bun, yellow cheese no mayo. I should of been asked if I wanted yellow cheese if there was no white before it being brought out to me. Then they also came out saying they ran out of spicy mayo. My turkey burger was bland and I ended up sending it back. Would never come back.
We visited in the beginning of March 2018- the place was dirty, paper from straw and napkins and other debris were on the ground, receptionist had a couldn't-care less attitude, server was nice but clearly overworked, they were understaffed most likely due to weather. Not happy but I will say it could be the timing. Still by the looks of it, I will not be coming back!
The food was just okay however the service was horrible.  It took nearly 1 hour to get our food and drink replenishment was non-existent.  Very disappointing.  Lawrence the manager listened and offered a discount.  Maybe he should have comped the whole meal.  I doubt I will ever return.   Customer lost.
If I could give this restaurant a 0 star than I would. I ordered from Uber eats tonight and spent $110 for the most disgusting meals for my family. I'm TOTALLY disappointed by TGI. The food was EXTREMELY dry, flavorless and cold. I didn't receive any sides that I asked for. Everyone was so disappointed that we had to order from somewhere else because the food was disgusting. Highly upset with TGI!
Horrible service.  The waitress lacked the necessary communication skills required for a waitress.  Multitasking was a challenge for her.  Actually, it seemed like she did not want to try.
She was very rude too.  At least the food was good.  I'm typically an understanding person when it comes to retail & restaurant services, but this was bad!  We waited forever for small requests & the check without a " I'll be right with you etc." - nothing.  I will never spend my money there again.
Forget my last review.  So unhappy with my last visit.

The place is on a wait while every person working there is just chit-chatting away.

4 bar tenders talking while our drinks sat empty, I had to ask for refills twice.  Portions were so small, I got 12 small fried shrimp and about half a potato in fries.  Rude inattentive staff, small portions, dirty bathrooms avoid this place.
I will never come here again. Waitress messed up the entire order. The manager said he would take care of the bill but only took off a few dollars and got ghost. The place should be shut down. So discussed 100
Very disappointed here. Came in after walking 5K in today AIDS Walk Philly and attending church service. My parent and I decided that we wanted to go someplace nearby. My church happens to be around the corner from here. So let's begin at the beginning where everything went wrong.

We were in the restaurant for 10 minutes before we left due to poor service.

Upon arriving we were told that there would be a five minute wait before a table was available. Sure. No problem, many people might be coming out for Sunday Brunch. After being seated and given our menus, we noticed that there were several empty tables in the restaurant. So why the wait? We decide to look through our menus, and as I am making suggestions about starters/appetizers, I'm getting strange looks from my parents. Apparently they were missing pages from their menu. By this time, no server has come to our table to introduce themselves or take drink orders. My father returns to the hostess desk up front and request two new menu (without missing pages) and he is given two new menu. After looking through these menu, they notice there are still missing pages! (Shouldn't someone be checking these menus). 

During this time we are seated in the patio/glass enclosed area and we are burning up due to the sunlight. AND still no server has come to our table. No ice water...NOTHING! We finally decide to leave, and as the hostess sees us leaving, she asks what happened. We explain that no one came to our table, and we could find better service elsewhere.

I didn't expect perfection...but it was definitely lacking any quality service here.
Service sucks, bartenders sucks, food sucks, and management sucks. Basically every aspect of this place sucks. Just a hangout for employees and their friends. We ended up walking across the street to Long Horn.
Bathrooms were dirty, no paper towels, server took about 5 minutes to get our order than disappeared for about 5 minutes and came back because she forgot our drink & appetizer order. Food was not even satisfactory
Good ol' "Club Friday's". Always busy, always packed, and for what, I don't know! Lol This location is just okay. I avoid it if possible, but it's always a good spot to grab a few drinks & appetizers w/friends since the location is central to most. There is one bartender here whom I absolutely LOVE, whose name I unfortunately can't remember. At most chain restaurants, the drinks have more juice and schnapps than anything, but not when she's working. Yes, the vibe here has a "neighborhood" feel, but I've never noticed any issues with the crowd during any of the several times I've been here. 

The food, is inconsistent. I've come here a time or two and had downright horrible tasting food, but recently (within the last 1 yr and a half or so), the food has been pretty good. 

I've surprisingly never had real issues with the service...no disappearing servers or flubbed up orders in my experiences. *fingers crossed*

I think I come here simply because it's convenient, not to mention that the men who frequent it are quite handsome  lol :-)
My husband and I walked in and stood there waiting to be greeted and we were ignored. We sat down figuring they would eventually acknowledge our existence. Nope. People of other races were acknowledge, so we left. Nothing but racists here. It would not let me leave zero stars.
Welp I wish I read the reviews before I tried this store on Uber Eats.

I ordered two orders of fries and paid Uber Eats like $10 to have them delivered. After an hour, the restaurant had still not made the fries.

I called and spoke to someone at the restaurant who said "you'll have to talk to Uber Eats about that" and refused to even check to see if someone is making my fries. We never got the order because they never made it. No one there would even speak to me about the order. Twice I was interrupted and put on hold. The first time the receptionist never took me off hold and I had to call back.

They never made the order, and refused to talk to me about it. Please do NOT order takeout from this restaurant.
AVOID THIS PLACE! Our waitress acted as if having to service was an inconvenience. We ordered two appetizers and weren't given any silverware or plates for sharing. When we couldn't find our waitress we asked the host for silverware and he acted bothered. He gave us two sets when we were a party of three. When our waitress finally gave us plates she slammed them onto the table. She didn't come back for 20 minutes. We got the check and left without ordering anything else. I was a waitress so I'm very understanding about working in the food industry but this was ridiculous.
Food tasted good, good service. Can't say I would go back here though, the quality of the TGI Friday's restaurants have definitely declined over the years.
Scumbags, charged my credit card twice and now they are not calling back nor answering calls. Don't go there ever. It was February 8th and last 4 on the cc are 0512. 

Thieves!
I was here last summer and just last week.

Both times, the service just sucked and was incredibly slow on a weekday lunch. It took around half an hour to even get some of our drinks (and be told that the Oktoberfest beers couldn't be served for whatever reason).

I got the Jack Daniels burger (which comes either pink or not pink). It was so bad that I couldn't even finish it all. The buns seemed stale and the meat was oddly syrupy-sweet (maybe that's what Jack Daniels is supposed to do?).

The best part of this meal were the one and a half pieces of mozz sticks I had. I don't think anyone I was with finished their meals.

The photos (which I'll post soon) turned out nice though like in the commercials, so at least everything looked good.
Food never came out service is horrible. Only good thing is they keep the game on. Can't  believe the service is so bad. The servers are nice the restaurant needs more and better organization.
After waiting for over 30 mins, while there were many open tables, we were finally seated and unknowingly about to begin a dining experience from hell. It was another 10 minutes until our drink orders were taken. When we finally ordered, I got the Jack Daniel's Sampler (love the sauce ) and my 3 friends ordered endless appetizers. Our food was brought out at different times and my friends had to wait 15-20 mins and make an effort to pull our waitress aside to order more appetizers. Our drinks were frequently empty and it took many reminders to our waitress to get refills. At one point our waitress rolled her eyes and remarked "oh my god!" when I asked for a refill. When our refills finally came, the empty glasses piled up on our table and were not removed. After the meal, I had to use the bathroom (number 2) and both stalls had no toliet paper. I had to get napkins to wipe my butt. My friend placed an order for mozzarella sticks that never came. Our checks were even brought out, but no mozzarella sticks. The most time our waitress spent at our table was when she stood and watched us sign our checks (very rude!) We left hungry, thirsty, and unsatisfied. Terrible service and overall a very unpleasant dining experience. Never going back to that TGI Friday's again.
Ok, I'm in the minority, but I've always enjoyed the vibe at this location.  Folks say this is Allen Iverson's hang-out and although I'm not in Philly enough (just twice a year) to catch him here I kinda see why he enjoys this place.  It's a good place to do alot of 'people watching' and although the service may or may not be the best I always had a good time when hanging out with friends. The food is what you'd expect at any typical Fridays so they're no surprises there.
The worst restaurant ever that lacks customer service....first off the host takes us to be seated at a dirty table...then I believe he mumbles under his breath that he will clean the table off..so we're just standing there for about 15 minutes with no silverware or menus on the table. We finally flag down the server to get the table clean only for her to try and rush and clean the table off. The busser finally comes out to clean the table off only to halfway clean the table with the seats still dirty. We had to ask him to clean them off. So we're finally seated after waiting 20 minutes just to sit at a table with just menus and no silverware or nothing. The server finally comes over just to point out the obvious that we have no silverware when she could of gotten everything she needed for a cleaned table....this place is clearly unorganized and I do believe the staff here lacks communication skills clearly. No one is keeping track of which tables are cleaned. If the host was unsure which tables were clean he could have checked first before seating us at the table
I didnt enjoy my food.
Service was mediocre. 
It wasn't too crowded. 
The music was weird
I waited over 1 hour and 30 mins for a pickup order I was told would be ready in 20 mins. Once I received my order, it was missing half my shrimp and the side. They "ran out" of shrimp, fries, onion rings and didn't give any money back for missing half my food order. The manager did not resolve this issue.
I usually eat here yet this particular time the host placed a bucket of cleaning solution near my table as we were eating which is not sanitary and when confronted about it he had an attitude and moved it near another table then our waitress felt it was ok to explain to a friend that her food was ready and had been sitting waiting for our food to be done.  I am not one to write reviews or complain but this was a terrible experience and unprofessional.
Let's start with I deserve this crappy meal because I was being lazy!  Who goes to Philly and eats dinner at TGIF's anyway?  So let's start with the positives- I was seated quickly and had a excellent server named Nay!  That's it it all goes to crap from here on in. I had the happy hour drink special called a mango boba Long Island ice tea. Though large. It didn't look anything like the picture and was a glass full of cheap liquor and these weird virtually flavorless bobas. I then waited over an hour for my equally unimpressive jack Daniels chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries that arrived cold. At this point feeling sorry for myself I ordered the Tennessee whiskey cake to go....why why Lord do you punish me so?  Word to the wise skip the cake too!  

The two stars they earned are because of Nay. She was pleasant, observant handled my disappointing experience like a pro!
Well I think we can all agree that no one ever goes to Fridays expecting a  great meal.  I am of the belief that I should be able to get something that is ok and at least in a timely manner when I am in a hurry and need to get somewhere.  So I stopped in for a quick lunch or so I thought.  I was seated quickly and then began to look over the menu.  My drink order was taken in about 5 minutes and brought ot me.  I was asked for my order and gave it.

This is when the trouble began.  I waited 20 minutes before someone came by to assure me that my meal would be out in just a few more minutes.  After another 10 I asked how much longer and was told it was on the way.  Finally after 45 minutes my meal finally arrived.  I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and after waiting all this time I have got to report this had to be maybe one of the worst sandwiches I have ever had in my life.  The chicken was dry and had an off taste to it  I ate the fries and left most the sandwich sitting on the plate.  It has been about 8 years since the last time I stopped at a Fridays and after this visit I hope it's 20 more before I return.
