I'm with Lia B - Thai Square is definitely the best and most affordable Thai in the Graduate Hospital area. Not only is it a cute, BYO restaurant right in the neighborhood, but they also have delivery for those nights when you just don't feel like leaving the house. 

I've tried a lot of the menu at this point, and favorites are the vegetable spring rolls, curry chicken dumplings, chicken skewers, coconut shrimp, curry entrees, shrimp pad Thai and tom yum soup. Actually, I don't think I've had anything I didn't like from Thai Square. Also, their spice levels mean business. I generally order medium which can occasionally be almost a little too hot for me (in a good way - please don't change this, Thai Square!). 

The folks who own the place are very friendly, and I'm happy to have such a solid spot so close to home.
A friend in the neighborhood told me she prefers Thai Square over another nearby Thai restaurant, so my man and I decided to check it out on Saturday night. We walked up with a six pack on ice, expecting a wait, but there was only one other seated table. After being a very loyal Healthy Bites To Go customer, I was surprised by how roomy the dining room was - I think they can seat about 20. 

We started with the fried pork dumplings, chicken skewers and coconut shrimp. I thought the dumplings were a bit too doughy (I prefer the ones in a thinner wrapper) but I really liked the shrimp and chicken skewers and their accompanying sauces. 

For my main, I talked it over with our server and took her suggestion to try the exotic spiced pork. I ordered a medium spice level which was borderline hot for me, which is to say it was just right. The pork was lean and tender and the veggies were crisp. My fiancé's pad kra pow with chicken was very flavorful as well. Service was very pleasant. We look forward to trying more from Thai Square.
I love Thai Square so much and am so happy they are open again for delivery and takeout. This is one of our favorite neighborhood businesses, but we also think it's some of the best Thai the city has to offer. 

I almost always start my meal with the tom yum soup, which is vibrant, flavorful, and just the right punch of spicy (when you order mild or medium). Other starters we like are the golden spring rolls and chicken skewers with peanut sauce. 

As for entrees, I've liked everything I've tried but the crabmeat pad thai has become a favorite, along with the pad kra pow with shrimp. 

The restaurant is small but really cute and we've enjoyed dinner there with a bottle of wine on a few occasions. That said, our go-to is delivery and it's always fast and accurate.
Thai Square really hit the spot for some great Thai food.  They are currently only offering take-out, but allow you to sit on their outdoor deck.

We ordered inside and were told 20 minutes, but our food came out in half that time.  It was presented to us in a takeout bag along with utensils.  

The food was so good!  Since we were not super hungry, we shared an appetizer and entree.  We ordered the dumplings - some of the best I have had - and the ginger scallion chicken.  This entree was perfect.  

Looking forward to trying more items on their menu!
Please please please read this review owners of Thai Square. I really want this place to work. It's an adorable family, the space is nice, and god knows Philly desperately needs a decent Thai restaurant. The fact that Mai Thai--one of the most miserable excuses for any kind of food I've ever experienced--gets voted number one in the city should say something. Oh yea, it means that most people have no clue. 

So here goes. 
First courses:
The mixed ap, the stuffed chicken wings, a tom yum soup.
The mixed ap: Some decent things on there but a general oiliness and homogeneous quality to the color, texture, and taste of all four items. Chicken satay was a bit dry and lacked in distinct flavor. And where's the peanut sauce? I'd also make it with chicken thigh rather than breast but then again, this is the US.
Dumplings were probably the best thing on the plate but some improved frying technique would make them even better. Oil is too cool. Are you using a commercial fryer or a non-commercial fryer? The latter doesn't stay hot enough and the item soaks up oil as the oil comes back up to temperature once you start cooking. Experiment until you get your dishes crispy and non-greasy. It's important. 
The rice-paper wrapped shrimp is OK. Kind of a cliché.
The egg roll is not OK. I really don't like it when places fill their rolls with cabbage. This is not a Thai recipe. Don't know where it came from but I've never seen this in Thailand. use black mushroom, rice noodle, a small amount of carrot, lots of ginger, etc. Plenty of good recipes out there that deliver lots of flavor.

The chicken wings: this is one of my favorite Thai dishes and I've had it dozens of different ways. In this case, not bad but once again lacking in flavor, both with respect to the wings and with respect to the dipping sauce. For the latter, are you buying the bottled stuff (sweet, sticky, etc.). If so, stop. Make your own. It's not hard, you only have to do it once a week or so, and you can actually make it taste like something. For the wings themselves, work on the filling so that there is some flavor there: fish sauce, garlic, more onion perhaps, coriander root, ground pork, ground shrimp. Again, some work on the details to get this right.

The tom yum. A very good soup. Hot, subtle, broadly flavored, textures were good, etc. The best I've had in Philly. One niggle: get rid of the cherry tomatoes. They may look good, but they certainly aren't using cherry tomatoes in Thailand, and they just get molten and impossible to eat in the soup. Aside from the fact that they don't add anything to the soup, you bight into them and are immediately burned.

As main dishes:
The fried catfish
Pad Thai

The fried catfish was very good though I think that I would prefer this as I have had it before, namely in clay pot version. It's lighter because the fish isn't fried but just stewed. Still, love the flavors, particularly the whole green peppercorns, one of my favorite ingredients. A quite good dish that I just wish were lighter. So a keeper.

The Pad Thai. This is kind of like Thailand's sushi rice. You decide whether the place is good based on this very simple dish. It's easy to make--fish sauce, tamarind, palm sugar, lime juice, etc. (My Thai's is, by the way, an insult to the intellect and palate).  Actually, this isn't really true. Pad Thai is street food so it doesn't have the snobbery attached to it. But all the more reason to get it right. Oh, and to the person who asked about where the spice was, pad thai is not supposed to be spicy. Sorry, not all Thai food is spicy. Certain dishes are and certain are not. Pad thai is not.

Pad thai is about the perfect balance of flavors and textures largely premised on soft and crunchy (noodles/bean sprouts/peanuts) and sweet and sour (tamarind and lime/palm sugar) and savory and salty (fish sauce). This dish was far more bland than it should be. You want to get these things perfectly. There is no reason not to make pad thai well. I can make it in my kitchen in a matter of minutes and it will sing with flavor. In a restaurant, this should be a no brainer. All the more so because the food costs are non-existent: money in the bank! So get it right. Make it until you know you've arrived at the right recipe and then make it exactly like that from then on. If you don't know how to make it, check out the multiple versions you can find on line. By the way, where were the sprouts?

In sum, we had some decent food here and a pleasant experience. I want this place to work really badly. It would rock my world to have a good Thai restaurant nearby and the people look like they are willing to do the work to make it right. So again, pleaaaaaaaaaaase work out the kinks. None of this is super difficult but you do have to want to do it. If you do, you will be a success. Promise.
It has been a long time since I was in the Gray's Ferry neighborhood, and it was good to be back.  I had heard rumors about a Thai house that was opened at 25th & Christian serving up good and relatively authentic Thai cuisine out of a small storefront.  So, after a great massage @ V&V over at 11th and Washington, I headed west and found Thai Square sitting right on the corner.  

Parking can be an issue in these parts, but I was lucky to find a spot behind the restaurant on one of those super narrow backstreets. Parallel parking requires the front tire to go over the opposite curb to get the right angle for backing. Lucky my city skills had not abandoned me and I slid the chariot right into the space like a pro. So, I was feeling pretty good even before walking in. 

The dining room was small, but clean, with the entire southern wall in glass overlooking a simple but attractive outdoor seating area.  The Madame moved toward us with a warm welcoming smile.  Handing us the menus, she suggested the specials and asked for our drink order.  The Ginger Tea she brought us a few moments later was excellent, with a nice ginger bite and honey background.  Our water was complemented by a small dish of squeezed lime juice and a small spoon.  Another great notion that brought the agua to life.  That was a first for me. Much better infused that a mere wedgely squeeze. 

We were on a roll and the anticipation of what was to come grew.  While the Calamari was a small disappointment in that all the rings were large and coated in a hard jacket rather than a softer finish, the dipping sauce was good enough to demand we finish it with a spoon after the squid was gone. 

Then we received our Tamarind Duck and Shrimp Pad Thai.  

The Duck was nearly perfect.  Crisp skin.  Fully cooked and tender meat.  Tamarind Sauce that was sweetly tart and mild citrus finish, in a sultry dark red amber demi-glaze.  It was so good, I stuck my finger in it to suck it off. This was a treasure too special to waste a drop. 

The Pad Thai was also very good; a full plate complemented with ground Peanut and fresh Sprouts.  It was a strong straight man to the wild machinations of the Duck.  

This was one of those meals that I didn't want to end.  I strung it out as long as possible with rice to absorb all the outrageous moisture on the platter, and another glass of water with lime to carry it all the way down.  

Yes. I took the rest home to savor tonight.

4.5 Stars with a Bullet!
When thai square opened I thought to myself - well it's close to home, but don't get too excited bc its never going to be circles- hmmm it's actually JUST like circles except cheaper and closer to me! 

The menu is pretty much a direct rip off of circles, (obviously not a bad thing) and the food quality is just as good and I want to even say the portions are bigger.

My go to is the holy basil supreme - Thai hot, and it's tremendous!  I also like the spring rolls and my boyfriend gets the pad Thai (no egg) with tofu.  He loves it! 

Also any restaurant that has a vegetarian or vegan section on their menu already has a small piece of my heart! 

They have no cork fee, beautiful outside seating, and fast / friendly service. 

Can't wait to go back
This small, family owned, BYOB Thai restaurant is a great addition to the other restaurants in the area.  Opening night can be a challenge for any restaurant, never mind in the ice storm we were experiencing.  

The food was amazing.  We had fresh spring rolls for the table to share which were very good. I had the crispy duck with red curry which I just couldn't stop eating.  My friends had Fried rice and Drunken Noodles.  Everyone was very pleased by their food.  I love mango sticky rice for dessert and it was some of the best I've ever had.  

The staff was attentive, but didn't hover.  The gave some great recommendations of dishes to try.  They were doing a very brisk take out business all the while being able to serve us without difficulty.  

I'm hopeful Thai Square continues to display consistent quality food and stays in the neighborhood for many years to come.

UPDATE: 6 months after opening
Thai Square has been open for 6 months and I've eaten there almost weekly. I've had everything on the menu except seafood (I have a severe allergy).  

The food is consistently delicious and the service is top notch.  Over the last few months I've introduced several friends to Thai Square. Every one of them invites themselves over for dinner or I've run into them at the restaurant. 

This restaurant continues to be a great addition to the neighborhood and the owners are great neighbors.
First Thai place I tried when I moved here - giving it 4 stars bc I loveeeee the curries, and this is my go to for a good curry now. Great flavor, hefty portion; I always end up with leftovers. They're pretty true on their spice scale, if you order hot, it will be spicy but not inedibly spicy. 

I've also had the fried spring rolls which I'd definitely order again. But there are other things here that I'd skip out on next time; the fresh summer rolls are ok. The portions in the filling were just off to me. 

Drunken noodles were disappointing. The noodles were over cooked/soggy, and the flavor was not as savory as I was hoping.
We came here one night after reading the reviews on yelp. It was not that busy on a weeknight so we were able to get a table right away. 

Fantastic food! I have the Tom yum soup and vegetable red curry. My bf got a chicken and broccoli dish that he really liked. 

The people were friendly and even gave us a takeout menu on our way out which came in handy because we have ordered takeout from them a few times since! 
I felt like we always struggled finding good Thai food close by, so glad we found this place !!!!
What an adorable date night Thai spot. Perfectly priced with gorgeous, aromatic curries (to get you in that lovin' mood), BYO for you to pack along your favorite bottle of red, and the servers really make you feel right at home. 

This area is kind of a wasteland for restaurants, but Thai Square is an absolute gem. Worth the walk: it's not to miss. 

PS: if you're a sucker for spicy, go for the Thai Spicy heat index and give your adrenaline a swift kick in the ass!
Thai Square just moved into the Grad Hospital neighborhood, and I was very excited to welcome a new Thai place so close to my house. My Thai is a bit further from us and unlike Thai Square, they don't deliver.

My overall experience was dismal. First of all, what restaurant offering take out does not have a working phone line? Strike one...While my husband was there placing the order in person, a woman came in to order the soft-shell crab, which she then paid for. Then, a guy from the kitchen emerges to announce that there is no soft-shell crab. "But I just paid for it!" the rightfully irate customer objected. 

Then, we waited nearly an hour for our delivery to arrive, although we live about one block away! Strike two. We had ordered the T-Sampler platter that included fried curried chicken dumplings, a spring roll, and chicken satay with peanut sauce. Everything was dripping with oil. The fried dumplings were tasty; they were saved by the curry spice. The chicken satay was decent as well.

The coconut soup husband ordered was not coconut soup; it was a red, smelly broth with sliced mushrooms floating in it. He took a few bites and abandoned it. My main course was pad thai with chicken. It had no bite whatsoever. No heat at all!!! That is what Thai food is about! Otherwise, it gets overpowered by sugar and becomes cloying, which is exactly what my pad Thai tasted like: bland, sugary noodles. No heat, no ground peanuts, not even any bean sprouts for a fresh crunch. Husband's shrimp fried rice was the same: "I can taste the MSG," he groused. We tossed our dinner into the garbage.

This was, perhaps, the worst Thai food I have eaten in Philadelphia, ever, and I have sampled many Thai places over the years. If you live South of South and want great, flavorful Thai dishes, make the short trek and go to My Thai.

What baffles and saddens me is the continuing dearth of great eateries in this neighborhood. With the exception of Honeys, we have no good places. It's amateur hour all the way.
Holy crap, how did I not know about this place sooner!

Came here with the fam as a little post-move in / celebration for my brother going back to Temple. The woman that answered the phone and took my ressy was super sweet and so accommodating! When we walked in, she had the table for 8 ready and waiting, full water glasses and all. 

We split a number of appetizers. Can't remember most of them but all were delish. The best was the calamari--beats a lot of the calamari at a ton of Italian restaurants tbh.

I got the Pad Thai and a couple of others got the drunken noodle. I of course, tried everyone's food and was blown away by how good the drunken noodles were. Def the best I've ever had. Pad Thai was delish too--more savory than sweet, which I like in a Pad Thai. 

Thrilled to have found this place!
I am surprised that the reviews for Thai Square have been so polarized... people must have been super critical toward the place when it first opened, or they are really picky about getting "authentic" Thai cuisine. Whatever it is, I don't get it!

This place is a solid Thai option and a great addition to the neighborhood. I've eaten here twice, and both times it was flavorful, spicy, and delicious. I've gotten the drunken noodles and the pad thai, and I'll definitely order those again sometime (I order medium-level spicy, and there's definitely some heat to it!). I don't think that my pad thai has bean sprouts, which was kind of disappointing, but it did have plenty of chicken. Maybe I'll request bean sprouts next time-- their website says that they are open to suggestions about their dishes.

When I ate in, the restaurant had a great atmosphere, it was really clean and had relaxed feel to it. And the next time I went, when I ordered takeout, my food was ready in less than 10 minutes (and this was on a Friday night, at 6pm). I will definitely be back for more!
Needed a neighborhood spot, and our area of Grad Hospital doesn't have that many amazing options. Enter Thai Square. 

I didn't have high expectations, but it's quickly become our go-to when stressed/tired/boiling pasta becomes an inconceivably stressful burden. It helps that it's a family place where the proprietors are super nice (and they used to be involved with Erawan, which in itself is a really solid Philly Thai option).

Their food is pretty darn good. Among the best Pad Thai I've had in Philly - 11 bucks for chicken/pork/veggie, and their spice levels are legitimately hot and not fake/diluted hot, which I'm a fan of. Drunken noodles and eggplant dishes are also consistently good. There are some other things that are pricier and which I haven't sampled (duck, seafood based dishes). I'll stick to my cheapish noodles. 

Closed on Mondays, but open every other day of the week. We're working our way up to the free entree currently with one of their rewards cards, only three more stamps to go.
Two points worth noting about the food.

One, there are minor ingredient substitutions from what you'd find in Thailand, but these do not detract from the flavor profile - for example you could order pad thai with crab meat instead of prawns. Yummy!

Two, a minor issue is that we found a few dishes a tad too salty.

In my earlier review, I complained about service. Service was noticeably better this visit, and the wait staff were sufficiently attentive. I'll write off my previous experience as a fluke.
Yummy! 
The food is fabulous. 

Try the Crunchy Coconut Shrimp - a generous portion of large shrimp each lightly fried in a slightly sweet and flaky coconut batter with mild sauce on the side. 
My sister had the Holy Basil Supreme and the veggies were fresh and colorful. 
I had the Drunken Noodles with chicken and it was flavorful without being overbearing. 

Overall the food itself was fresh, light and filling. It definitely didn't have that heavy over-sauteed msg-like effect that so many thai places feature these days. 

The ambiance is classy and cozy without being pretentious. The owners are very friendly and it's a family-owned and operated business. 

I certainly applaud them for being open today when the roads outside were covered in 6 inches of snow. I live across the street and saw them out there bright and early shoveling the walk. I appreciate a business that takes itself seriously and is willing to go the extra mile to show its worth to the community. 

This is definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Came here with a date. It was a perfect romantic spot. It's also BYO, and my date brought wine. I love Thai food -- I am not picky with it at all, so everything here was great. The chicken satay appetizer, panang curry (chicken), and the crispy duckling (with mango) were all delicious. The chicken satay tasted a bit dry, but whatever, I'm not picky :) The panang curry was great (mildly spicy), and the duck was perfectly tender and juicy. 

The place is tiny and cozy, and it's perfect for dates. The exterior of the place, with the name sign and the lights, was really cute. Service was very friendly (one server was beaming at us the entire time, probably thinking, "Oh, what a cute couple!!"). We came on Tuesday night, so it was not crowded at all. We had the place pretty much to ourselves nearly the whole time. It seemed pretty popular for pick-ups though, quite a few people came in to pick up food.
Ordered takeout and was pretty quick to arrive. OrdEr was correcr. Only problem was the pad Thai was a bit more sweet than savory for my taste. We for the chicken curry dumpling app
Which was amazing. Also got the yellow curry in the Thai hot version- and heat it was! But a 
Lot of flavor underneath all that heat. I personally lay for the chicken pad Thai with medium heat and it was a bit warm but too sweet for my taste. All
In all a good delivery option though.
A lot of what we ordered for takeout was flat-out delicious, so we are excited about this place. Maybe some of the poor reviews were due to growing pains for this new Thai restaurant but we really enjoyed the Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles (admittedly we had a carb fest), and green curry. We ordered everything "Thai Spicy" and we got it! It's nice to have a place take you seriously when you say spicy! Looking forward to more spicy meals as the summer comes-welcome to the neighborhood!
The food is still excellent. As I mentioned in my previous review, there are minor ingredient substitutions from what you'd find in Thailand, but these only improved the flavor profile - for example you could order pad thai with crab meat instead of prawns.

So I regret that I have to take stars off for dismal service. Was it because the boss wasn't around?

We came here with a party of six - four adults and two children. The waiter tried to sit us at a table for four, squeezing the two high chairs at the ends. There wouldn't be enough space for the dishes and six plates. I had to insist firmly before the waiter reluctantly pulled another square table to form a table for six.

I totally understand that small Philly restaurants want to maximize dining space, and we are usually happy to squeeze. Except this time, we arrived at 4pm and there were no other customers! (And the restaurant was still mostly empty when we left at 5:15pm.)

We had to repeatedly ask for more cutlery. We were eating family style, and had to ask for small plates to share - sure, just a minor thing. But then we had to ask for small utensils for the children. And then when they cleared the table and brought out dessert, they brought too few spoons and we had to once again ask for more.

I usually leave a larger tip because of the children, but this time, no.
Food quality and taste are supremely lacking here. My Thai was much better. This is another yuppy spot for douche nozzles to sit outside, drink and loud college DA's screaming at each other and laughing loudly to fit in and gain acceptance. 

Two stars for the only redeeming quality. The servers were cool. Save your money.
3.5 stars! 

I am a fan! I went here for a take-out lunch one day while in the area. My food was definitely good. I love, love, love the curry chicken dumplings. My goodness they were amazing! I for some reason assumed they would be steamed or sauteed, but once I bit into one, I was happy they were fried. The dipping sauce that accompanies them is perfectly sweet and fitting. 

I also ordered red curry with chicken. It was pretty good, but a bit lighter in flavor than I expected and not as robust as some of the other Thai curries I've had. However, it sufficed. It's worth noting that they didn't give me nearly enough rice. They didn't even fill the container and it wound up being much too little. 

I would certainly go back if ever in the area. It's a small restaurant inside, so I imagine it gets busy pretty quickly, but ppl seemed to be being serviced appropriately.
Excellent lunch menu with filling portions. The traditional pad thai and pad see ew are our favorites. Shrimp is plump and delicious and the beef and pork options are also flavorful. Lunch also comes with a fresh side salad with peanut dressing that serves as an excellent warm up to the main course
Enjoy!
Ordered food for pickup from the website last night (a Thursday) and have some mixed feelings. Overall a decent spot but not my *favorite* Thai in the city so far. I think I'd come here to dine outdoors and focus on that glorious appetizer menu next time.

But for this time...

The website said pickup orders might take 10-45 minutes and you'd just get a text when it's ready. We are a 15 minute walk away so we placed our order and planned to leave in 10 minutes but it was ready (via call, not text) before we even set foot outside the door. I really don't like when my food sits for a while (it was going to sit 15 minutes to wait for us and then the 15 minute walk back) so a better ETA system would be nice BUT everything was still piping hot when we got home so no major loss here.

We ordered the corn fritters (intriguing), mild shrimp pad Thai for me, and mild drunken noodles for my husband. 

Those corn fritters were something else! It was like a sweet fried dough ball with crunchy corn inside/outside and a lovely corn-y sauce. We'd never had something like that before and were really impressed by it. 

My husband liked his drunken noodles and even for mild he said it was pretty spicy. I can't handle spice (at all) like he can (some), so I'm not a good judge of this, but he said he was glad he didn't bump it up to medium. 

My shrimp pad Thai was a little disappointing -- I didn't notice any bean sprouts or chives. The crispy tofu was a nice add and in the future -- if I decide to give the pad Thai another chance -- I might even forego the animal protein entirely and just do a veggie/tofu option. But I feel like I'd have to pay to add vegetables because none were really included by design (including the listed bean sprouts) and I like a pad Thai that has vegetables. I also didn't notice any egg... I'm actually wondering if perhaps I got someone else's order by mistake where they told the restaurant to remove all the good stuff. Hmm.

Anyway -- this place had its ups and downs and I'm not sure if it'll be a go-to for me in the future. But if you're in the area and have a hankering for Thai, I'd still say to try it out and get those corn fritters while you're there!
Came here pre-COVID with a group of 20+ people -- they were fantastic and helped book out the entire restaurant for us. Would definitely take any large group to the restaurant because they definitely know how to make sure you have a great time and great food! 

Wished that the mango sticky rice was available, but other than that would highly recommend.
Been here twice so far both times I came for lunch. Both times service was excellent and food was on point. 

Food - I had the duck with curry sauce which is not on the lunch menu but the owner was very accommodating and willing to make the dish for me. I also had the Tom yum soup which came as part of the lunch special. 

Price - the price was average compared to other Thai restaurants. The duck curry lunch special with Tom yum soup cost $10.
This restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. I tend to judge a Thai restaurant by their green papaya salad. If they can prepare this well, everything else should fall into place. Theirs is sweet, slightly spicy, tangy, and crunchy. It hit all of the essential notes and then some. We also enjoyed the pad kra pow and the massaman curry. 

Everyone was extremely nice and service was warm and attentive without being pushy. I will definitely return here.
Wanted to see if this was better than the other two local Thai places we usually go to, and I think it is. Papaya Salad was fresh & crunchy and sauce was great. No complaints from the hubs on his Eggplant/Chicken dish. My mom said her Salmon Basil was yummy too. And my Mango Duck was crispy and tender. Only complaint was on their sticky rice, it was on the dry side and a little hard. But with the sauce it wasn't too bad. All in all very satisfied. Service was great, everyone was very attentive and nice. It's a small place but the ambience was friendly and cozy. Cute outdoor seating too if it weren't so hot out today.
We have only ordered take out so far but it was quick and really good. Good Thai food is SO hard to find in Philadelphia but this is a great addition.
Great service and food to be found in the clean and quaint thai restaurant.
Great food and good prices, at first I was skeptical but am now a true believer in this great thai restaraunt. Good selection, BYOB, and varying levels of spice on each dish makes this my local neighborhood Thai joint. Staff is friendly and care, I'm a repeat customer and they always remember me when I come in. In fact, I was there very first customer when they opened, I want for lunch and dinner!
After an all day shopping excursion around the city boo and I had decided the best way to end the night would be takeout and a House of Cards binge. I'd read about Thai Square on Foobooz and am more than happy to give my support to new spots so the takeout that night would be Thai. So we made the trek from CC to 25th. 

The restaurant is small and charming with room for outside seating. We went in looked over the menu and began ordering. We started with the appetizer platter, spring rolls, and I threw on an order of angel wings. Boo went with the crab pad Thai and I went with the crispy duck curry at the recommendation of the owner. The bill was over $50 which was a bit surprising bit whatev we got a lot. 

We got home unpacked everything, I threw on my Puma jumpsuit and was ready to feast. The appetizer platter was pretty good but not very hot. There was really nothing very memorable. Then I moved to the angel wings. Chicken wings stuffed with crab and chicken.... They were awkward at best and kinda off putting. Not a good flavor at all. I'm actually getting a bit skeeved out thinking about them now. 

My curry was on the bland side and the the duck was surprisingly dry. The pad Thai was pretty flavorless as well, we were both left pretty disappointed. We went when they were still new so hopefully things will improve but my first impression was that it was at the same quality level as some bodega style Chinese restaurants but at Circles prices. 

I do want to mention the service was extremely friendly and helpful.
Hands down the best Thai food in south Philly. I will never order from anywhere else. They are so prompt with delivery and SO nice whenever you eat in. Their red curry is divine and so is their pad Thai!!
Really good lunch special! Went for the first time today and ordered a Red Curry with veggies/tofu spicy for pick up. It was less than $10. The spice level and portions were great. The restaurant itself has really nice outdoor seating and next time I plan to eat there.
I am never disappointed in this place. I've dined in before and really appreciate the customer service. I especially love their green curry sauce dishes and the level of heat they add. I like my food spicy but not to the point that it is inedible and they find the right balance. It is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in the area.
This is the closest Thai place to us and one of the few options. We had lunch special and everyone ordered something different so I can't judge their meals but I had the fried tilapia over rice in Thai sauce(medium) for $10. I didn't really hate it but It didn't wow me or even make me feel like it was a good price. I had 3 pieces of steamed broccoli and a tiny bowl of rice on the plate, the sweet sauce was wayy too sweet for me and the fish I couldn't taste cause it was too sweet. Wish there was something better than this, also the service was super slow we were the only ones there and we had to go get water ourselves and the check took too long. Probably go back if I had nothing else to eat. average
Orderd delivery, drunken noodles and panang curry. Was delish and delivery came quickly. Will do a dine in soon.
Got some chicken pad thai to go...Meh.. Pretty bad pad thai which is the easiest thing to make at a thai restaurant. No lime and no flavor. Chicken pad thai shouldn't have tofu in it. However decently fast and friendly service. Still, wouldn't try again.
I really love this place! The prices are reasonable, the portions are big, and the food is authentic! I got the Thai curry with shrimp, and it was so good! Lots of shrimp and veggies. I even had enough leftover to take home. The services was prompt, and the server was kind enough. Very high ratings for the place, wish I'd found it before I moved to Grad Hospital. Hands down the best Thai I've had since moving to Philly.
My favorite Thai place in the city! I've been going here since it opened. The food has only gotten better! I've tried many things on the menu but the stand-outs and our go-to order is the drunken noodles with chicken and the Penang curry with shrimp. The portions are generous, the ingredients are fresh, and it is all soooo delicious. You can pick your spice level; we get the curry hot and best believe, it really is so pick your spice level carefully! The green curry is another favorite. You can't go wrong with their dumplings, spring rolls, or calamari either. I usually order pick-up but it's a cute place with an outside dining area as well. Highly recommend!
In a prior review, I'd stated there are better choices for Thai, and this is one that I had in mind.  The food is consistently good, and portions are large.  But what sets this place apart for me is the homestyle atmosphere, and the family who runs the place seems really involved with every aspect of the operation.  The matriarch is not above a little friendly kidding as well!  Great service, but not servile, if you know what I mean....
Ordered delivery via GrubHub at 9:07pm on a Sunday night. Had Thai food in-hand on my couch by 9:32pm. This stat alone sets Thai Square above the rest in my humble, delivery-addicted opinion. More after the meal.... omnomnomnomnom..
Food's really good! A bit slow to arrive, though, so bring good company and enough wine (or beer). The staff is very friendly and appreciative of patience. It's worth the wait- totally made with love (spicy love). As far as seating goes, it's small so reserve on weekends. Cheers!
Was happy to see this Thai restaurant open in my grad hospital neighborhood. I've only tried a handful of dishes, but based on those I've had (Pad see ew, drunken noodles, and veggie delight) I was satisfied. Its not amazing, but they offer good, solid Thai food at reasonable prices. One exception, though, is their Tom Yum Soup. It is PHENOMENAL, hands down the best I've had in Philly. Do yourself a favor and give this little neighborhood gem a try, its worth it.
Small place in a cool little neighborhood. 

Came for lunch with a group of 12 on a Sunday afternoon and were immediately able to get seated. The man working there seemed very friendly and helpful.

I don't know what happened to my dish, but it was awful....literally the noodles were chopped into little pieces. (Pictured) (Drunken Noodle). The flavor was off and would never get again. One of the worst I ever had.

Tried my friend's penang curry and was pretty good. So based off of her meal I would potentially try this place again.

Pros: Price! Cheap!
Easy parking
Unique neighborhood

Cons:
Drunken Noodles :(
Fantastic! Walked in for lunch and had a wonderful meal. My lovely partner had salmon with curry sauce and I had chicken pad Thai. It was truly spectacular. Even the won ton soup was excellent.  In fact, it was so good we came back for takeout at dinner.  I had the chicken pad see-ew and my girlfriend had chicken Penang curry, along with chicken satay, and the T-sampler, which was a mix of spring rolls, satay, and dumplings...too much! This is some damned good Thai.
Love this restaurant... friendly owners and staff, fast delivery, and amazing food. Best Thai restaurant in Philly hands down!
Tried a variety of dishes for delivery on a weeknight. Delivery was prompt and the order was correct. 

Shrimp pad Thai-a bit dry and taste was about average. 

Drunken noodles-nice and chewy noodles, rich flavors. 

Red curry-spicy but otherwise did not stand out

Overall decent but nothing special. Will order from somewhere else next time though I don't regret trying it!
Great Thai food, friendly owners, and always fresh. This place has been a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. You can tell that they not only care a lot about their food by using the freshest ingredients, but they also care a lot about taking care of the people in their neighborhood. Our favorite dishes: the Pad Thai and Massaman Curry. Also, get their Tom Yum if you are starting to feel a little tickle in your throat. It hits the spot.
Delicious food. The mango sticky rice was out of this world! The thing that was most outstanding from my experience was how kind and helpful the person customer service was. The call taker was delightful, and my delivery person was so kind.

All in all, a fabulous experience!
My boyfriend decided to order from here because it's closer to our place than circles is. I was a little skeptical (and for good reason), I know what I like, and growing up in the San Francisco Bay Area, I know good Thai food. This place is not good Thai food. I ordered the chicken satay, which was pretty decent. Should've come with some sort of cucumber salad, but it didn't. Just chicken on sticks. And then the pad Thai. I judge how good a Thai place is by how they make their pad Thai, this place had one of the worse, watered down pad Thai I've ever had. Traditionally pad Thai is not meant to be spicy, but I asked for it to be extra spicy, when I got my food, no heat at all. Just sugary sweet overcooked noodles. Pad Thai does not traditionally come with broccoli or sugar snap peas, so please don't put that crap in my pad Thai. Service was great though, food was horrible. I'm not coming back here.
I have to admit - I'm a little surprised by this place. In an area that seems to be devoid of great thai food, Thai Square Restaurant is a great mom-and-pop store tucked next to Naval Square. They only seat like 20 people, but has a relatively quick and inexpensive menu. I got the vegetarian drunken noodles, which was flavorful, soft, and filling. It's a great spot for your standard thai food. I've been told to avoid grubhub though, so it might be better to visit this establishment in person!
Definitely one of my top places in philly for Thai. Lots of great vegan and vegetarian options as well as carnivorous options too. I recommend the drunken noodles or pad seu w veggies and tofu, w/o fish or egg. They are also very fast and friendly. Great atmosphere if you eat there, they have a nice patio if the weather is nice too.
My favorite Thai delivery in Center City! Food is fresh, spicy and flavorful. Delivery was fast and food arrived hot and in tact. No online ordering but they picked up the phone fast and entire order was correct. 

Ordered the green curry, papaya salad, chicken curry dumplings, and pad see yew. Everything was great and would definitely order again! Big portions make for great leftovers for the next day! 

Can't wait to order again!
We had a nice dinner here. Service was prompt and very pleasant, and the atmosphere was great; I love what they've done with the old Healthy Bites space.

I had the Drunken Noodles, made "medium hot". They were, as I'd hoped, hot enough to make my nose run, but not so hot as to obliterate all the flavor and make my mouth feel like a scorched pepper holocaust. They tasted generally good, but seemed to be missing just a little something tangy (maybe some more lime might do the trick). I'd gladly eat them again just as they were.

The Thai iced tea was also pretty good. Very sweet, but then, that's pretty much what I was counting on.

In short, I'll very happily come back. I hope they can weather the awkward location and at least survive until CHOP moves in in a few years, at which point they'll probably be the luckiest location in the neighborhood.
This place is fkn amazing. I literally have zero interest in trying any other Thai places in the city.
I cannot say enough about how good this food is! Hands down the best Thai food in Philadelphia. It's a small hole in the wall place near our neighborhood, and we chanced upon it one day. 
Got the coconut milk soup to start with. It was the perfect tang, and the perfect spice. Speaking of spice, these people do not fool around with their spices, so when you order the Thai spicy, it's going to be in your face spicy!! We thoroughly enjoyed the flavors in each dish.
The spring rolls are also really good. I think the drunken noodles I've had here are the best I've ever had. Hubby got the pad see ew and was very pleased too.
This is definitely going to be our go to Thai food place on lazy nights!
Fast and good service. Always! Always Fresh food and always Delicious! Highly recommended.
The lunch special is a steal especially the green chicken curry combo! Gem in my neighborhood!
The best Thai. We have lived in the neighborhood for almost two years and eat here/order takeout at least twice a month. I think they know our order by heart! The food is fantastic. My personal go-tos are the curry dumplings, yellow curry, drunken noodles, and Thai iced tea. When the weather is good, we love to sit out on the deck and bring a bottle of wine because it is BYOB! Highly recommend. Wonderful food and amazing staff.
Food was great! Service even better. So glad it's close to work and we can start coming here more often! 
The staff was amazing they kept checking on us making sure everything tasted ok to us!
Will definitely be returning. I had the drunken noodles & they were so good!!
I've been to Thai Square more times than I can count---the staff basically treats our work group as VIPs because of how often we visit and always makes room for us to sit (despite us usually having 8-10 people in our group). There are fundamental reasons for Thai Square being the centerpiece of our off-site lunch rotation: the food is delicious, the portions are generous, the price is affordable, and the service is prompt. For $10 you will receive an entree of your choice (I typically go for the Pad See Ew or Thai Fried Rice with chicken) along with a small side salad with tasty peanut dressing. I can't think of a single time I've had lunch here that wasn't well-prepared and satisfying. You definitely won't leave hungry.

A small note: they used to advertise corn fritters but it seems that they're a seasonal item. However, the last time I went, when we asked for corn fritters the chef still prepared them despite them being absent from the menu. Perhaps we just got lucky, but it just goes to show that the staff is friendly and flexible to your requests. I've visited Thai Square countless times and don't see that changing in the near future.
Thai square has become our favorite local restaurant! Awesome fast service, people are so nice and welcoming and the food is just phenomenal! We have tried all curries and lot of other lunch specials as well! Highly recommend this place!
This is a good small and family type kind of restaurant. 
Beautiful small environment. 
Great service, good portions, very big variety of dishes in the menu, both appetizers and main dishes are delicious and served very good sizes.  
Because of the pandemic times, mostly all service is for take out, so if you are dinning in you will definitely enjoy a personal service and a quick one too. 
Very enjoyable experience!
