Yep.... I had pho for breakfast (again!!). 
This morning, I found Thang Long's... I walked in about 9:30 to an empty place. But the people inside were super accommodating and nice. Very friendly with good conversation. The restaurant had a bar with stools and plenty of tables to sit. 
I placed an order of summer rolls and beef pho. At first I thought the price of summer rolls were expensive, but there were three to a serving. The pho wasn't the greatest I've had. But the broth was extremely good. The greens and sprouts were fresh, and the beef was really tender. 
As I left, the gentleman that served me handed me a takeout menu since I wasn't from the area, and thanked me for coming. I'll be sitting in for a meal and a beer the next time that I'm driving through...
This restaurant is clean, spacious and has a baller ass fish tank to greet you in front. The owner is super cute and the staff has always been friendly and on point. Eggs rolls were pipping hot and delicious. Pho ga (chicken pho) is amazing and you can tell it's fresh, I mean there's live chickens right next door. Definitely worth getting shot (I'm kidding!). Love this place!
came here on a Sunday and it was poppin. You can tell it's one of those hidden gem places. lots of vegan choices for the vegans out there but not that many regular options. i wanted some grilled pork on the side, not an option. but the broth here is amazing! i might be back but probably will do delivery, the area isn't the best for venturing
A lot of Vietnamese places try to be authentic as possible to cater a niche group of customers, but none of them come close to Thang Long. A sip of their broth from their Pho says it all. The sheer size of the serving was so worth the money -- they even deliver! After this place, the only other places that could really compete would be in Vietnam itself. Thang Long does not disappoint! 

To give you a sense of how authentic this place is, you can take a look at their service! Most asian places generally care little for customer service (their mission is just to feed you), as it can be (most of the time) in Asia. Thang Long is no different.
Not a bad place to grab some Pho. The people working here were really friendly and their prices are fairly decent compared to some other Pho places. We got the food to go but you can sit down and eat there as well. 

They have a few drink options. I just wish that they had more flavors available for their bubble tea such as coconut and taro, they seem to just have fruitier flavors but we got the mango one and it was actually pretty good!

The food was a decent portion and was great! We got beef pho and some spring rolls which were good. The spring rolls come with fish sauce on the side. On their menu they also have some other things like pork chops and fried rice, summer rolls and so on. 

We would definitely come back and grab some take out again when we are in a pho mood.
Guys, if you're not going to Kensington for your Vietnamese fix, you are missing out.

Order the chicken (note: it has bones) and mushroom soup with clear noodles. The broth is so dang silky and tastes like comfort. The dipping sauce on the side adds just the right amount of zing to make your eyes light up. Toss in some basil and some jalapenos, and you've basically got perfection in a bowl. And get the shrimp and crab spring rolls to start for some crunch in your life.

Sunday football while slurping impeccable pho. It's the new thing.
My first time trying Thang Long Pho Restaurant was a take-out order through Gub-Hub. I got the Summer Rolls and the Chicken Pho Noodle Soup (I went with the Regular, All White Meat, No Skin and Bones, options as I wasn't feeling particularly adventurous and trying to find bones in my soup). 

It was part of a larger group order and when the delivery came, we had a broth and a soup missing. When we called the restaurant to let them know the owner was very friendly and offered to deliver the missing items himself so we could avoid additional Grub-Hub fees. He also threw in additional garnishes for all of us with his drop off! 

While the service was great, I was not a fan of the food. The spring roll was very dry and chewy (even with the included peanut sauce). The broth for my Pho was good (nothing spectacular, but good quality) but the chicken was very dry and had no flavor at all. You could tell everything was well made, just lacking in flavor. I did add all the seasonings and sauces that came with my order, it helped a bit, but not much. 

Really nice owners, but the food was not memorable and I won't be ordering here again.
On Kensington Avenue in the heart of Kensington, most people expect to find the run down junkie or the dope dealer under the el. The hopeless scene turns many people away from ever venturing "down the way". 

But if one is brave, or a hipster, you can find the jewels of Kensington flavor; one of which is my favorite, Thang Long. Thang Long is a hole in the wall Vietnamese jawn that will rock your taste buds. 

If you're the foodie type, and looking to really take the language barrier step in food menus, this is where you gotta go next. 

I highly recommend as a starter to go for the Crab and Shrimp Spring Roll, however if you have more than two people with you get another order because you will fight over these. They are crispy with a flakey crust, and a moist seafood complexion of goodness. Whatever the oil dipping sauce that comes with it, pairs beautifully. 

I've had the pho numerous times here before and it's savory and always the safe bet, however tonight... tonight I went out on a limb and got something I never tried before and that was: the Hanoi grilled pork belly and meatballs over vermicelli. I took a risk. 

Moving to Kensington was a risk, but this menu option was the taste risk where I didn't know what would happen. After my first bite, my eyes were open to what riches I have been missing! The fresh herbs, the tender and juicy pork, ugh! The flavor bang in your mouth leaves for wanting more. I wish I had more typing this! Absolutely to die for. You do not need to be a foodie to get down with this, definitely something worth trying.  

*A FEW TIPS*
-if you call them, their menu prices are cheaper than on grubhub or here.
-if you go to the restaurant, it is a safe place to park, don't worry, a junkie does not want to break into your Prius. -just park on Kensington
-take the risk! Try something new!
I came here on my 45 minute lunch break, called ahead and spoke to Zarry to pre-order my meal. Once again, he is awesome! There was my usual water waiting in front of my usual seat all ready to go and within a few minutes I had my meal too. I am happy with this place and with the service :)
Just named Best Beef Pho in Philly by Philadelphia  Inquirer Food Critic Craig LaBan.  This place lives up to the hype.  Best authentic Northern Vietnamese food in town!  Dine here many times & the food do not disappoint.  Always fresh & hot.  Staff is friendly & accommodating.
favorite beef pho in philly and my go to for authentic Vietnamese food in the area. reluctant to give them my 5 star rating bc I'm a little selfish. I've had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. 

Favorites (besides pho): summer rolls, beef stew, lemongrass beef, and Hanoi grilled pork. 

If you're feeling like soup: beef pho
If you're feeling adventurous: special beef pho

I hear the chicken pho is great but I personally always prefer red meat. I recommend eating in (service is great and the restaurant is clean) but if you don't feel like changing out of your PJs they also do take out ;)
Yummy vietnamese food with vegan options! My SO and I came after he ran the Philly half so luckily we got to order a lot of food! We each got a pho and then we shared the vegan bun cha. I wasn't as into my pho as the bun cha so I ended up mostly eating that - and it was fantastic. I loved bun cha in vietnam, but I hadn't seen any vegan version until finding it here. 

Everything is cheap, quick, and delicious - plus the place is owned by a nice family - so you should check it out!
Diamond in the rough! I live a block away + things look a little sketchy around here, but walking into this restaurant was like night + day. Very clean + nicely furnished, with friendly waitstaff. I was pleasantly surprised that on top of the regular menu, there's an extensive vegan/vegetarian menu as well. 

I got the vegan spicy meatball lemongrass soup ... And have had it nearly every time since. The soups are large, fresh + super flavorful. When I do carry out, it is consistently this tasty as well - which is nice to know! They also have a small specialty drink menu which includes Vietnamese coffee + bubble tea (both of which are very good). The only thing I would like to see is Taro as a bubble tea flavor!
I was so excited to go here to try the vegan pho. The area is definitely sketchy and it's right under the El but the restaurant itself is really nice inside. Definitely worth walking through the rough part. Go when it's still light out though...

I ended up getting the vegan chicken pho. The broth was good and the noodles and the "fixins" they give you made it yummy. The vegan meat was kinda weird though. It has the bumps on it to make it look and feel like real chicken and it kinda skeeved me out. It tasted ok but it wasn't my favorite meat substitute. The mushrooms were also a weird texture so I avoided them. 

Overall a good experience but I would try something different if I went back. There are other places in the city that do vegan pho with just mushrooms and no meat substitute that are much tastier and more enjoyable to eat.
Third time coming here and the food is really good. I really enjoy all of the different dipping sauces and the prices are reasonable. My only constructive criticism would be the service, as they don't check on you as often as I'd like. Also, if you have a credit or debit card with a chip in it, their machine can't read it and you'll be forced to either pay cash or use a non-chip card.
This place got ranked best beef pho in Philadelphia. Honestly, I haven't even tried their beef pho yet, and it's still my favorite go-to pho place. I always order their chicken pho and found more than satisfying, especially on cold gloomy days. Yes, I know the #1 ranked chicken pho restaurant is right across the street, but this place is cleaner, nicer, and has alternative options for your friends who may think chicken pho is too adventurous (yes, those people exist). They even have a vegetarian menu (not that I'm anywhere near being a vegetarian), so this place really works for almost everyone!
The steamed chicken is fresh and perfectly cooked. Be careful for small bones. My coworker had chicken pho and she enjoyed it very much.
Having worked in the area, Thang Long always used to be one of my go-to lunch spots and now, whenever I visit Philly, I make sure a trip to Thang Long is scheduled!

It is easily accessible by the El (get off at Huntingdon) and the 3.  Otherwise, there is always parking on the Ave.  From the outside, it is very unassuming.  The inside is very comfortable and the waitstaff is very welcoming, kind, and attentive.  I know that they have a strong take out/delivery game, but I highly suggest eating in at least once.

As far as menu, you really cannot go wrong.  Of course, they are most well known for their pho.  I alternate between their standard beef and spicy beef options.  Both are delicious and very fresh.  I have yet to be able to finish a whole bowl in one sitting but, man, are those leftovers delicious!  Also, you're doing something wrong if you don't order some summer rolls stuffed full of shrimp and pork.  What more could you ask for!?
I went here with my boyfriend for lunch. We originally went to a place across the street which didn't have a menu and only served two or three items. I don't eat meat so the server directed us to Thăng Long.  I'm glad she did because it was a lot cleaner and an overall better atmosphere.  We started with shrimp and crab spring rolls which ended up having ground pork or something in them so I didn't eat them.   They looked extra crispy and my boyfriend loved them.   We ordered the chicken pho and seafood noodle soup.  The chicken in the pho was a little dry but overall good. I had the seafood noodle soup which was sooooo good!  After we were finished I noticed they had a vegan menu so I'll def be back to try that out.
My go to for pho, for a few reasons...

1. vegan menu if you have vegetarian friends
2. summer rolls are the best in the city
3. service is excellent. they are incredibly accommodating, too. want your pho with no noodles? done. want it with something weird, or double the meat? done, no problem. 
4. everything on the menu is super tasty

I recommend you try the summer rolls, vietnamese coffee, chicken pho, and roasted duck
I've been to this place a handful of times now and I've never been let down. This place really deserves a better location, but I wouldn't let it being under the El in Kensington deter you. The staff is very friendly and readily accommodates simple substitutions (like swapping a protein in a summer roll or noodle bowl). I can't speak for the regular menu, but they have an excellent vegetarian/vegan menu with tofu and interesting meat/seafood substitutes. They don't tend to hand out the veggie menu by default, so you may have to ask for it specifically. I also can't go without getting the avocado shake, which is one of the best things I've ever put in my face. Everything's very reasonably priced as well.

My only gripe would be the lack of delivery, but the food is well worth going to pick up, especially if you live closer than any of the Pho places down on Washington (though I'd still take Thang Long for their veggie menu).
Best Vietnamese restaurant on the East coast. The northern style dishes are absolutely legit. I can't decide between the chicken pho and the Hanoi grilled pork with vermicelli--so I just order both.
Beef pho was good, although next time I might order one with more variety of toppings. The herbs and beansprouts that came with it were super fresh. Broth was decent - added some srriacha and the sauce that came with it to spice it up and add more flavor.
So everyone should know by now that a hot steaming bowl of pho or bun bo hue alongside a cup of Vietnamese coffee is the perfect remedy to a gnarly hangover. And if you didn't know, now you know. Welcome to the club!

My friend and I decided to swing by here on a cold, rainy December after a long night of consuming copious amounts of brown liquor. 2 minutes into devouring our soup, we both knew Thang Long was a great life decision.

We ordered the pho dac biet and the bun bo hue and the portions were plentiful and both soups were incredibly flavorful. We each had a Vietnamese coffee that gave us the right amount of shock back to life. 

Their menu includes a lot of other offerings I'd like to try out the next time around. Last but not least, the service was quick and very friendly so I look forward to coming back.
I was the only person in here, Sat eve, Memorial Day wknd,  7p. That did not deter my mission to satiate my Pho craving! And I am so glad I stayed! I asked about Special Beef Pho (not on menu) & they had it. This is a soup that many "mom and pop run Viet places have",  featuring every cut of beef, including meatballs.  Now, if you've tried meatballs at other Pho places,  they usually have some scary, unknown gelatinous items in them;  here,  it's mostly meat and tasty.

Big bowl, steaming hot.  My only critique: broth was a tad bit greasy, which is why 4 vs 5 stars.

If you are a Viet iced coffee (cafe Su da) lover -- this is real deal!!!

I totally enjoyed myself and I'd go back.   

One word of caution: as a single, fifty-something gal and having traveled tough hoods in my hey day,  I felt ok going here solo and,  YET,  would warn women not to go here by yourself if you're not familiar with this kind of neighborhood and/or it's dark out.
Had some bun bo hue from here tonight and while the broth itself was pretty good, the toppings were limited to fish cake and pieces of beef that tasted like they were cooked a little too long. Price wise, it was more than fair. $9 for a bowl of bun bo hue is more than reasonable. The summer rolls at $6.95 comes in 3, more than the usual 2 we usually see. They tasted fine but the peanut sauce seemed like it was more watery than the other Vietnamese food joints.
If you're looking for authentic Northern Vietnamese cusine, look  no further! Thăng Long is the place to go! Bún Ch Hà Ni, Ph Gà, Bún Măng Vt and dont forget to order a steamed chicken for the table to share! Again, BÚN CH HÀ NI is a MUST! I honestly dont think you can find a more authentic Bún ch apart from that at Thăng Long in Philly :)
Chicken pho with clear noodle, order it and enjoy.

I've tried the regular chicken pho here at Thang Long and their competitor across the street.  I can't speak to the direct food comparison since I'm not a super food expert.  However I can say that the overall experience here is much better.  The restaurant is spacious and well kept, most importantly though it seems cleaner than its competitor and the owner/family here offer a more friendly dining experience.

I like clear noodle since it does not soak up the soup or change texture.  If you've never tried it, give it a chance.  Have not tried their beef pho because I can't come here and not order the chicken pho with clear noodle.

They seem to have attracted a more diverse range of clientele since being published in the news.  Location is not the greatest but it is what it is.  If they can get their interior/ambience/decor up to snuff then this is without doubt a 5 star pho dining experience.

That said, this is my favorite and my go to pho stop.
Before hitting up our YEE at Urban Axes, me and the girls decided to have dinner at Thang Long which was easy enough to find if you know what your looking for. The restaurant is located right under the EL amongst a strip of other Vietnamese shops.

The environment is very chill, the people very friendly and we immediately relaxed. It was the perfect night for a bowl of Pho which is what my two companions had. I opted for the Spicy Chicken and rice dish. 

The Pho arrived in gigantic bowls that were brimming with proteins, veggies and noodles. I was served a generous portion of rice and veggies with my chicken in the side. Note: the chicken in this dish comes bone in so prepare to dig in and get your hands messy. Every condiment you needed was stationed at the table along with chopsticks and forks. 

We all left very satisfied and well nourished.  I would definitely give them a try if you find yourself in the area.
Best Vietnamese Northern Restaurant in Philly. They have the special pho ga with farm-raised fresh chicken. The chicken is soft yet chewy, just like the one I had at home in Hanoi. The brooth is rich. Make sure to add some bean sprout in the pho; they go really well together. If you are Vietnamese, ask for tit canh cuz they have that too!!!
This place is awesome!  What a hidden gem!   It's so nice to be able to get amazing Pho, and spring rolls so close to home.   The BBQ pork is pretty delicious as well, but it's hard to pass up that Pho!  This place deserves more dinner business, but I hear they rock & roll at lunchtime.   In an area where good Chinese food is non-existent, this place is a godsend!   Now if they can just start delivery.
Love it. I have been coming here for years and it keeps getting better. 

The crab and pork spring rolls are the best, and the pho is incredible - I rarely get chicken pho anywhere else because it tends to be lesser quality than the beef but they do a great job of it here, I usually alternate meats between visits. 

The neighborhood is definitely shady but we have never had any problems.
I WANT to love this place. I really do. I love the idea of vegan noodles. I don't eat meat, and pho is the one thing I miss more than anything. The choices are vast, which is fantastic. The soup is just OK. The Vegan Chicken Pho is solid, but the protein in the Beef Pho is spongy & weird. 

My biggest issue is that the place is filthy. Like stuff splattered on the walls & never wiped away. The floor is dirty, the condiments need to be wiped down, it's just gross. And that's the stuff you DO see. 

The service leaves a little to be desired as well. It's slow in more than one sense of the word. My soup was on the way to the table & my server did a 180 and headed back to the kitchen. He headed back to the table a minute later, bowl in hand, apologizing profusely because the kitchen had put onions in my dish. I was totally confused, since I love onions & nothing was mentioned to the contrary. He proceed to explain that he knows a lot of vegans don't eat onions. Really?  What?  Uh, OK. But I dig onions, soooo I'm not  really sure where we were going with this. And I'm drinking an iced coffee, with MILK. That's not vegan. 

Honestly, this place would be incredible if it weren't for the obvious gross details. I guess my search continues.
3.5 Stars
This place was really really good a few years ago. But upon returning I wasn't too impressed. Don't get me wrong, the broth is still pretty good and they give you a decent amount of chicken. But that 4 star wow just isn't there . It costs $6.50 so comparable to other pho places, but other places definitely give you more. Also their summer rolls are $5.00 which is the highest I've ever seen anywhere else (they do give you 3 rolls instead of 3). 
There seems to be a new place that opened across the street that was packed. I am tempted to try that one the next time I'm in good ol' Kenso.
The good is really Good here, not bad if you compare with (cafe THANH THANH across the street). Bun Cha HA NOI is their specialty and it's delicious.
P/S: By the way, if you are vegetarian, best choice for you to come and enjoy the noodle soup and chicken RICE.
Do chay o day cuc ky ngon luon do, nhat la mon BUN BO HUE chay :)
Beef pho special is really good. It has brisket, filet, and tripe. I ordered without noodles and tripe. The bowl is huge, it comes with sliced jalapenos, bean sprouts, basil, and lime. I did not put the jalapeno in. The broth has perfectly balanced flavor. The spring and summer rolls are highly recommended too. The dipping sauce for summer rolls is really tasty. The chicken for chicken pho is very fresh and juicy, you can have either dark or white meat.
The review is for summer rolls: pork and shrimp; and tofu. Both are fresh and delicious. The key is the dipping sauce. Highly recommended
This place is awesome. The original plan was to go the restaurant across the street but by the time we got there it was closed. Since we were craving pho, we decided to come to this place based on the great reviews and am sure glad we did. 

The pho was very different from what I am accustomed to eating at Viet restaurants. The meat almost seemed like it was hand shredded with the texture of say meatballs or italian sausage and had a very nice seasoning to it. As for the broth it was equally as good, not overly salty and had a nice kick from the small bits of ginger in it. 

Lastly, we also tried the spring rolls and that alone is probably worth the trip back. Well seasoned, fresh and the rolls were fried to perfection. 

Would definitely be back.
we love this place because the food is great and the people there are very sweet. we eat take out from there once every other week. bbq pork w/spring roll and vermicelli ($8.50). #13. yum.
I have eaten here twice. The first time I had the beef stew with egg noodles. It was incredible. Salty and savory and flavorful, and I am no stranger to Vietnamese food. The second time I had the lemongrass beef over noodles. This was not as good as noodle bowls I've had at other restaurants, but I ate enough that I there wasnt enough left to take home. The price is great for the quantity and quality. The atmosphere is no frills, small. Many extra sauces and toppings free on the table. All in all, stick with anything broth based. They also have MANY vegan and vegetarian options for those who (unlike myself) do not eat meat and/or dairy.
These guys are resting on their laurels after Craig LeBan's glowing review. Portions are getting smaller with every visit, and the pho sucks. Go someplace else.
We had the chicken pho and spring rolls, everything was so fresh. Decided on this place because i have a cold and my boyfriend swore that that this would help with my sore throat and it sooo did. The portions were ample and price was very reasonable.  I would recommend this place.
They have Banh Mi now!  I work about two blocks away and order from here at least twice a week.  Pho is awesome, chicken is super fresh since it comes from next door, and the bbq pork is incredible.  I've been trying to convince them to start delivering.
I don't usually pay attention to reviews by foodie douches, but I like pho and live around the area so I decided to try a bowl when I was in the neighborhood.

It's good stuff. Portions are on the smaller side, but still reasonable. Would go again.
This place has been here for ten years yet I just heard about it. I've only explored the chicken and beef Pho offerings so far but my first impression is solid. Only ordered take-out so I can't speak for the whole experience. The price point rivals that of the Vietnamese standards on Washington Ave. The very friendly host also let me know that they will soon be opening a location in Northern Liberties as well. Next item to tackle is the Bahn Mi but for now, I'm happy to call Thang Long my new Fishtown/Kenso local go-to pho joint.
Pre axe throwing energy needed.. So we decided to Pho it up. I liked this place, but I think I should've gotten something different. Plain chicken pho maybe? The hearts were just way too chewy in my "chicken special", I just wanted to try something different. I've only eaten chicken hearts once before, self cooked, but they definitely could've taken time to cut off the brachial tubes so that I wasn't pulling them out of my mouth like a savage every time. I'm no pho expert, so it was good, but idk the proper standard. All I know is I enjoyed my previous experience in Springfield better. It still made me warm inside though, so I can't complain too much, especially with the chili oil condiments
This place is in a pretty shitty neighborhood so I was kind of hesitant but I'm happy I tried it . The menu is small so not a lot of options but the food is delicious! My boyfriend got the wonton soup with beef and shrimp dumpling I tried some and it was delicious & so flavorful. I got the pork belly over rice and it came with spring rolls and egg drop soup and it was really good.  Even the lil bowl of egg drop soup I loved it .
I feel lucky to have an authentic vietnamese restaurant that's affordable and delicious at the same time, right down the street from my house! Food here is always fresh. My favorites are chicken pho, beef pho, rice with grilled pork and summer rolls. The staffs are friendly and accommodating. I love this place!
I had gotten a spread between me and my girl which included beef pho, chicken pho, spicy lemon grass chick with rice , I believe the hanoi bahn mi, chicken bah mi, summer rolls the tofu and shrimp variety, and  viet iced coffee......everything was great such fresh ingredients especially for the price point and really fast delivery via grub hub..... 

Beef pho- really great broth which is a must for this dish... Delivered with 2 extra containers.one with the actual slices beef in its own au jou  the other with noodles and all the extra condiments including lime Mint bean sprouts onions cilantro jalapeños and hoisin sauce ... I did not ask for spicy sauce and didn't get it but I have tons at home anyway

Chicken pho was the similar but meat was in same package as the noodles 

Bothe of the pho is great would definitely order both again I feel like I should actually eat at this place to truly get the experience 

The rolls were great with again fresh ingredients and really good peanut sauce which compliments it well 

The Hanoi bahn mi was amazing as well.... Very large ...I like spice and I will ask for jalapeños next time.... the meat was plentiful fatty and succulent which is exactly what I wanted when I ordered this and I had my fair share of bahn mi around the city 

The chicken had the same ingredients.... Chicken is the sandwich was cooked well and was not dry at all.... Would defiantly order this again if I would looking for a healthier option in comparison to the pork version 

The spicy lemongrass was good .... Very boney which makes it flavorful but a little harder to eat this was probably one thing I ordered which I don't think I would order this again just because the other things I order were soo good 

The viet iced coffee was standard 4 dollars seems expensive for what it is however I would order again considering how great everything else is ... I would order again and would need that kind of coffee with my sandwich :) !

Bottom line - if your itching for delivery pho and bahn mi  this place is not going to disappoint and We didn't eat all of it in one sitting
They have the best Pho Ga, their soup is very flavorful and the chicken is very moist, I like to come here and eat here alot. It may be a small business but the people are fair and reasonable, they have service. I'd eat here if you want pho better than pho 75, and pho hoa, or any other places like that.
I like their vegan noodles, those are must try if you come to this restaurant. Pho is not the best I've ever had but decent enough. If you want to come here you should order egg rolls for appetizer.
Wow! This place is super busy now. Came in to pick up my take out beef pho (my favorite here) and thank goodness I called ahead. They're probably really busy now since being crowned "Best Beef Pho" in all of Philly. I'm a really picker eater, but I have to admit...I don't go anywhere else for my Pho fix. There's just not a better broth out there. Definitely worth the drive from NE Philly. I don't care that it's in Kensington either. Nothing ever happened to my car while parking under the El in the day time or night time. 

So glad that they have an Instagram now too! (@thanglongphilly) 
I get to see new items that are not on the menu yet and stay up to date with specials from the chef. They even have like 3 different types of Vegan summer rolls now that I didn't know about if I wasn't following them on IG. My wife is a vegan and she'll love it. Congrats Thang Long for being named best beef pho from the Philadelphia Inquirer. You guys deserve it.
Don't waste your money here
Order to-go, about $250 in total bill for full disappointments
About $15/each for instant noodles grade food
Hủ tiếu đồ biển just 4 little shrimps and some tofu
Bún măng gà without măng
Cheap and ghetto location
If you have the spending power to eat at this restaurant go eat in New York
I've been here several times now since I live in the area, and I have to say that the portions and flavor are consistently lacking, compared to some of the establishments on Washington Avenue. I just come here because it's the closest place to get my fix.
5 stars for Pho near Fishtown.  I no longer need to go all the way South.  The chicken here is the freshest! Comes from next door.
I'm not even a vegan but Thang Long makes me appreciate vegan food! It's super good the spring rolls are bomb & it's super convenient to my job. Around the Kensington area is hard to find good, healthy food. This is such a gem!!
Went for lunch to get some Pho. I have to say it was pretty good! Meat was tender and I got the deluxe version that had more meats in it. I recommend spending the extra $2 for the larger bowl that's $10. I have had Pho so many places and this has to be some of the most yummy! I hate getting chunks of fat in every other bite, that didn't happen here. 

I subtracted a star because the restaurant could use a good cleaning, and the bean sprouts served with the meal looked like they were kinda old. Its also in a fairly rough neighborhood and lacks any type of ambiance. - Go for the food and at lunch time!
Well after being a regular and getting food from here once a week for a while we noticed a decline in the amount of meat in the soups, especially the pork and wonton soup. We thought maybe it was a fluke or accident and kept coming back until today when we ordered delivery and for a $16 large pork wonton soup, there was legitimately 2 bites worth of tiny pork slices inside. Whereas before in the small portion there'd be like 10 good slices. We called and asked about it and they simply said "no you're wrong it's prepackaged we would never put that little in our soup" and that was it. We won't be coming back, which makes me sad because this was my favorite place for a while.
The food here is always awesome, I love the fresh chicken with the salt and pepper sauce!!
I ordered from Thang Long Pho on Uber Eats and was very happy. The order didn't take long to arrive and the chicken pho was very nicely packaged. The bowl contained the noodles, veggies, and chicken. The  other container held the broth and I had small containers with the hoisin and spicy sauce. I think think packaging, prompt delivery, and taste of the soup was fantastic.

I ordered the large (which you could share) but I was so hungry so I ate it all myself (oops, ha!). While the chicken was good, I'd try the beef next time !
This was my first time ordering from this Pho spot. Everything was cooked to perfection and the staff was amazing. The inside was clean and for the location so was the outside. The bubble tea was tasty as well and the staff didn't mind giving us extra bubbles. 

I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Phò and bubble tea!
Never expected to find this place especially because of the location but it's worth going . The pho is so delicious. I like to get the roasted pork with shrimp wonton. I had it for take out but it wasn't as good as getting it in the restaurant. They have a mango smoothie as well ugh so so good. The spring rolls are good too . Perfect little hole in the wall . A gem in north Philadelphia.
I don't love the chargrilled pork here (it's better at Mi Quang) or the chicken pho (it's better across the street), but the vegan options make this a good place to bring my friends who'd struggle at the other, more traditional locations in the neighborhood. Tbh, I usually wind up here because they're open later than Pho Ga Thanh Thanh or Mi Quang - definitely a point in Thang Long's favor.
So much bang for your buck! The food here comes hot and fast! The vegan options are amazing, but I highly recommend the pork belly. Kensington ave's hidden secret!
Finally got a chance to dine in as my parents usually go to thang long for brunch and order the bun cha ha noi to go for me (which I absolutely love and dream about becus it's so good. The meatballs are grilled to perfection and the sauce is sweet and savory and it's all served with fresh herbs and pickled veggies.) Today I had the grilled pork and rice dish with a spring roll-- made with love, grilled pork was crunchy, meat wasn't mixed too much which can make the filling tough. My friend had the vegan spicy lemongrass noodle soup which she said was flavorful and delicious. Usual vegan Vietnamese options can be too imitation-y but her meal was wonderful
Don't ever go here. To sum it up: Old city prices in the middle of Kensington. Bad customer service. Horrible food. 
  
Came here with two other people. Two other two tops walked in after us. Waiter was slow to get us our water. When he brought the food out, it wasn't what was shown on the menu. I ordered the porkchop special over rice. My platter was missing the shredded pork, called "bì" and I asked for it. The waiter kept looking at me emotionlessly as I repeated myself over and over, then he finally says, "I don't know what you're saying" so I said "the shredded pork in the picture" and he's like "we don't have that" and just walked away....???????????  Im sorry I'm speaking Vietnamese in a viet restaurant? I know this is a small place in Kensington ran by Vietnamese people, I know exactly what kind of service to expect but this is the worst. Thanh Thanh across the street is the same concept with way better service, are you kidding me?

I've been craving pork chop and rice so badly and I was so disappointed I went here for it. The food was disgusting. The porkchop was not grilled, it was fried, super dry, and had no flavor.  The plate was just unappetizing. On the menu it was $9.50. That's very expensive for a hole-in-the-wall with horrible service, typically runs for $8 in south Philly or Chinatown where the food is way better. When we went to go pay at the counter, it was $10 per plate. I'm guessing cause they gave us two sunny side eggs each instead of one? But we didn't ask for two???? I thought it was to make up for the shredded pork? I paid $12 for a bowl of pho in Old City the other day but that was justifiable. I did not just go to the hood to pay almost the same price for bad food.

Overall, a horrible experience. I've been here a year ago and the food was much better. Either they got new owners or new chefs, but the change was obviously not for the better.
I special ordered a pho he had no problem adjusting Ingredients for me. I find that a lot of restaurants are lazy or don't care about other peoples diet preferences. I'm doing keto so I can't have noodles and he adjusted the soup for me and I really appreciated it. The food was really good all the vegetables were nice and clean and I would definitely go back I love the way that the chicken is cooked. It was perfect.
