Thanel Indian Tavern is a wonderful place for authentic Indian cuisine. 

Friends of ours were visiting from India and recommended this place based on previous dining here so we knew it was the real deal.

The weather was chilly but when we walked into Thanal the beautiful atmosphere coupled with spiced air immediately felt inviting.

Our friends basically ordered for us and I have to say the owner and chef came out several times to greet us, as they knew our friends, and gave us amazing recommendations. 

The highlights for me were the Tandoori wings, creamy Butter chicken, delicious Naan, and the special floral vodka drink the owner had made for us. Although there was not one thing ordered I did not like. You can taste the freshness in the dishes. 

Delicious food along with great company and excellent service made this a special experience and a night to remember. 

I highly recommend Thanal Indian Tavern for a wonderful dinner (and not just because it's opening day is my birthday :) )
Celebrated Diwali here to treat ourselves with corona looming on and having to spend holidays apart from family and friends.

We called about 40 minutes before arriving and the lady over the phone was very accommodating. She told us she'd be able to seat us inside when we arrived.

We entered through the main entrance after finding some easy street parking and taking the short walk over. It's a bit confusing as there is a queue formed at the entrance for pick up orders, and then there's a sort of this other holding space to wait while your table is set. In any case, we were seated in 10 minutes in a socially distant corner and handed menus and water to peer over. 

The inside is long more so than wide. There's a register for pick up orders set towards the right when walking in. The owners had moved the tables apart to abide by COVID guidelines and outdoor seating had been set up. It has an Art Deco vibe with pops of color and exposed wood as conversation pieces. Lighting is sufficient and the noise level about average. 

For our drinks we went with their specialty cocktails - I chose their mule and my girlfriend ordered a lemongrass cocktail - very delicious and well infused flavor! 

For our meal, we started off with their basil rasam, ordered their kale and spinach chaat, and had the anjeer kofta for our meal with garlic naan. 

Everything came out as it was made which actually worked out for us! As we finished off the last bits of the rasam, the chaat and very quickly afterwards, the kofta were delivered to our table. This allowed for us to enjoy the food as it was prepped, not let anything get too soggy or cold, and have enough space on the table as dishes were cleared. The flavors were spot on! I really liked how they took familiar dishes and stepped into some New American type territory. Adding non traditional agents into the meals gave something so familiar a new spin - I always feel this is the best way to set off on any food journeys! 

Our service for food delivery was great but it did take a little extra time to get the check. That being said, they did seem fairly busy with the outdoor seating full, the takeout counter buzzing, and indoor dining keeping steady. 

Overall, had a great time! Food was inventive and flavorful, and the portions were more than fit for two. We ended the evening with gulab jamun a la mode and though simple, still unique since I don't think I've ever had gulab jamun served with ice cream like that!

COVID review: tables were spaced out and everyone was wearing masks apart from when dining. The workers were also wearing gloves in addition to the masks. Hand sanitizer was available at the front when walking in and also in the bathrooms. All things - from table to chairs/booth areas wiped down between seatings. No temperature checks upon arrival. 

Come hungry and keep safe - it's a solid nom!
I'm always on the hunt for a great Indian restaurant and I think I found one! We decided to come here for dinner and we sat outside and it was such a beautiful night. I ordered a sparkling rosé as my drink and it was very tasty. As an appetizer we got the chicken 65 and Gobi Manchurian. The chicken 65 was very spicy and had the perfect crispness. It was also a giant portion. The gobi was crispy cauliflower and it had a crispy outside and a juicy inside when you bit in. For dinner we shared the paneer tikka masala and butter chicken. They were both delicious and creamy. We got garlic naan to dip and it was fluffy and complemented the dishes perfectly. Overall I was very pleased and our waitress was so sweet and made us feel so welcomed. The price of this place was cheaper than other Indian restaurants I have been too which is also a plus!
Thanal Indian Tavern is a very fine Indian restaurant in the Logan Square neighborhood of Center City Philadelphia.  It is def a popular neighborhood spot but people also come from further afield.  The food offerings are varied with South India especially well represented.

My first appetizer of Gobi Manchurian was very delicious.  This Indian-Chinese cauliflower dish was lightly fried and prepared to perfection.  Another appetizer was good but not as good.  That was the spicy crab naan bread.  The naan was really well made but to be honest I barely tasted the crab and I wouldn't call it spicy at all. My main dish was again well made - the Hyderabadi chicken biryani.  I asked for it very spicy and it did come out with some kick,  It was nicely served with Raita and the traditional Salan gravy for biryani. 

Service was wonderful - friendly and efficient.  And overall there is such a pleasant vibe at Thanal Indian Tavern that dining here is easily something that one will want to repeat.
I made it back for dinner and even as I write, I can't wait for the next opportunity to eat here. 

My friend T. loves Indian food as much as I do. While we both enjoy cuisines that do not radically alter themselves in order to appeal to timid tastebuds, neither one of us shuns Sukhi's frozen samosas or Trader Joe's version of butter chicken or their garlic naan. We also both have no hesitation to shop for and make more complicated Indian dishes from scratch at home. This is to say that we are an easy, but also well educated, pair of diners.

We made an early dinner reservation, arrived hungry and were seated immediately. We started our repast with Indian Railway Peppers, deep fried wax chiles and Gobi Manchurian, cauliflower florests in a spicy, tangy Indochinese style sauce. Hari, the manager, seated us and served our appetizer, commenting that we seemed to like 'the spicy stuff.' Yes and perfectly spicy both dishes were! T. and I were practically thumb wrestling to see who got the last bites of each dish. 

To go with our entrees, we chose garlic naan, Thanal bullet naan-another spicy item with chili-and peshwari walnut naan. The latter was something I'd never seen or tried before (it's made with coconut, sultanas and walnuts)  but will now make a point to eat whenever it's available and possibly try my hand at in my own kitchen.

The mains were tandoori pomfret, which is a whole fish with curry leaves (T. swooned over those) and kashmir chiles. The fish was tender and moist and we picked it clean like starving animals. Chicken chettinand was our second entree. I first had a baby eggplant version of this at Amma and was hooked. Thanal makes this with meltingly perfect boneless chicken cooked in an onion-tomato gravy flavored with chettinand masala and fresh curry leaves. While our rice was ample, we did not want to miss a drop of the juices and gravy from either dish so we ordered additional plain naan to aid in our gluttony and left absolutely nothing on any bowl or plate. The naans we tried, by the way, are all utterly superb and I could, if I was utterly shameless, order one of each and make a meal of just that, a chutney or two and a few gin and tonics. The thought of the crab naan has me salivating...

Hari and other servers checked in with us often, joked and chatted pleasantly and kept our water glasses full. Dessert was offered; as much as T. and I love rasmali, which is on the menu, due to our earlier grand feasting, we had to decline. 

T. chided me for keeping Thanal Tavern to myself for so long and then promptly ordered a lamb biryani to go for her next night's dinner. Yes, it's all THAT good and yes, don't put off visiting-come taste for yourself.
Philly needed this - an Indian restaurant with a slightly upscale vibe owing to the food quality, presentation and service. 

A total revamp from the last place which was called Indian cuisine (or something non-innovative). Space is small but decor is simple and classy. The service is great and staff is friendly. They also offered us complimentary appetizers and chai to end our meal.

We ordered the Kerala duck roast for appetizers and Lamb Loin Laal Maas with Garlic Naan. Both the dishes were so full of flavor and portion sizes were perfect! The garlic naan was thin, soft and aromatic and paired perfectly with the laal maas. Definitely try the Laal Maas and thank me later :) 

They also have a full bar with interesting cocktails made from Indian spices like cardamom and rosewater - definitely need to check out if you are into mixology. Dessert selection is limited but give the Tender coconut kheer a try - it is definitely one of the more creative desserts I have had - prepared with jaggery and coconut pulp presented in a real coconut. Highly recommended if you are craving for Indian food in Philly!
Finally ate at Thanal! Loved it. We sat outside on the sidewalk which was nice, good quality tables outside. 

The food was absolutely fantastic, hence the 5 star review. We started with the kale & spinach chat, it was delicious. My entree was the Anjeer Kofta, which was the beat I've had in a long time. Absolutely delicious. I got it spicy, level 7 of 10, and it definitely made my eyes water but it burned sooo good. My husband got the lamb Korma Curry , spice level 5 of 10, and it was a tad more mild, but full of flavors and spices. It was also fantastic and the lamb was sooo tender. I'd order both dishes again it was amazing. Garlic naan was good, I'd rather try a different kind next time since there's many other flavors. 

I was bummed out they only served us beer & wine, or basic "rum & coke" cocktails. I guess the bartender wasn't working yet who makes all the fancy cocktails. Not sure why. Also, the food was pretty slow, it took 30 mins just to get the appetizer. But the service was great, very friendly, and the food was so delicious nothing else matters. I'd recommend!!
Finally made it back to try the lunch buffet from the start of lunch time (11:30), rather than the end of it, which was the basis of my previous review. 

FIVE STARS!

2 things I noticed immediately. 

1. This is a well run business. The gentleman behind the bar (I think his name is Hari), is quick to get people seated; he rapidly assess table size/seating needs. I was a singleton so I was seated immediately at the bar. 

2. Everyone is very, very hospitable. One of the servers there (didn't catch his name) reminded me very much of Jonathan Van Ness from Queer Eye. Very upbeat, big smile, warm personality. He asked if I had been in before as I did not look familiar and I explained that I got my slothful self out of the house early to have a decent lunch today. He shared that not everything had been put out yet for the buffet, but assured me there was already a very good variety available and I would not be wanting for anything. He was lovely to everyone and like the rest of the staff, made dining here a good experience. 

Every table and single diner gets a carafe of lemon water. Maybe not a big deal but it feels like a nice touch and it looks nice. To me, the little things like that count in a big way.

95% of the lunch buffet was ready so I helped myself to white meat  tandoori chicken skewers (off the skewer), biriyani, vegetable fritters, chili paneer, chicken tikka masala, spinach paneer, dal and a mixed vegetable dish whose name I can't recall. There is also a salad bar with greens and fresh fruit as well as chutneys and raitas. Goat curry is part of the lunch buffet, but so not my dish. There's help yourself chai as well as a dessert that changes from time to time. I think today's was some type of stewed fruit, though I did not partake. Everything smelled delicious and the area was kept neat and clean.

When I returned to my seat, I was served an individual basket of hot, fresh naan.  In the brief 10-15 minutes I'd been there, quite the line was forming for lunch. Hari was getting people efficiently situated so the buffet line was also getting long but there was no sense of chaos or disorganization. Larger parties (7 or more) were given seating on the second floor.  

The vegetable fritters/pakora looked ordinary but they were exquisite! Hot, crunchy, spiced to make you take notice but not faint and quite more-ish. The chicken biryani was complex, spicy and something to linger over. Everything else was fresh and adequately seasoned, not tasting of the typical, muddy and ambiguous one color of food/one spice fits all steam table special. 

While I don't think the buffet lunch highlights the best of Thanal, it is quite a few cuts above the average Indian buffet and bravo to that! Mr. Jonathan Look A Like checked on me several times and the overall feeling was that Thanal is interested in how the diners feel and what they need. I went back for a spoonful of plain rice, a piece of parotta and bit more dal but tried not to linger over plate #2 due to people waiting. No one was rushing me in any way but I did not need to be back to an office today and most of these other folks did, so why screw up someone's lunch hour just because?

Very glad I came back for a second go 'round and now, added on my To Eat list, is happy hour and a dinner here. Crab naan is calling my name.
Came here to dine in during COVID, and had a pretty good time here. Most patrons were seated 6 feet apart and bottled waters were provided. The waiter and waitress were very attentive to our needs to check in with us regularly. They had a lot of take out/pick up orders, which had a number of people walking in and out. However, they were still able to get the food out to us in a timely manner! As for the food, our highlight was most definitely the Gobi Manchurian. So yummy and delicious, highly recommended. We also got the Kerala Parotta, Butter Chicken, and Mushroom Mutter Masala. The Kerala parotta was delicious and flaky, but small for the price. Both the butter chicken and mushroom mutter masala are solid, but nothing to write home about. Big portions for the curries!

Plenty of street parking around.
Ive been eager to try Thanal after hearing many locals in the area testify this was their favorite Indian restaurant. During a time of covid, I wondered how take out/pick up would turn out so I decided to give it a try. 

First, the proportion was phenomenal! If you see in the picture, the curry was filled to the brim and packaged in a larger container than most Indian restaurants. In my opinion,  compared to other Indian restaurants in the area, they are generous and you sure do get a bang for your buck here! 
Second, getting a larger proportion is only rewarding if the food is actually good. And for sure, thanal does not disappoint in their flavors and spice from the curry. And the naan was fluffy and fresh, highly recommend the crab naan! Only qualm I had was I wish the rice was less moist, was a little sticky which shouldn't be. But otherwise everything was amazing! Would def come back in a heart beat
Great place! I would recommend!
Whatever free Indian chip thing they give you at the table are awesome.
The samosas are good. I liked the tangy, sweet sauce.
The spicy crab naan okay. Nice flavor but I might try a different naan next time.
Chicken saag and the lamb korma were really good. The chicken saag was very creamy! I loved it.
They had a complementary dessert. Was almost like sticky, Sweet polenta. Didn't have much of a mango flavor.
Service was excellent. They even have me extra rice to take home with my leftovers. Super attentive.
The restaurant is clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated.
I would definitely come back for the saag and to try other stuff.
Thanal is one of my favorites for a nice Indian meal in Philadelphia.  The ambiance is cozy and intimate.  I have been here pre-Covid and during and I must say that service was always top notch.  Their menu is diverse with North and South Indian options.  The portions are perfect.  Some of our favorite dishes:
Butter chicken - the gravy is heavy on tomato base and so delicious.
Pomfret -  tandoori style fish with full flavor and very meaty flaky fish. It's crisp on the outside and moist on the inside.  It's hard to find a restaurant that offers this type of fish. I am pleased to see they have it on the menu.
Mutton Sukka - tender and flavorful.  Highly recommend this appetizer.
Tandoori Wings - meaty and crispy.  Another appetizer on the list.

I enjoy trying new dishes at Thanal because they have rarely let me down when I deviate from the usual dishes I order.  There is opportunity for a bigger wine list as they have limited options.   I look forward to my next visit when in the area.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city thus far, and a nice addition to a neighborhood without a lot of other ethnic restaurants nearby! The ambience is clean and modern, and the service was incredible. My friend and I came on a week night around 630pm. We were able to get seated right away, but the place filled up pretty quickly.

We started with the gobi manchurian (spicy, sautéed cauliflower), which was very good. For our main dishes, we shared the chicken tikka masala and saag paneer with a side of garlic naan. These were outstanding - perfectly creamy, flavored, and spicy (you can customize the spice level). In addition, the portions were huge! Nothing better than leaving very satisfied and knowing that you'll have wonderful leftovers to enjoy again the next day! Will definitely be back soon!
I ordered delivery from here with my little human ball dumpling main squeeze. We ordered tikka masala and saag paneer. Unfortunately, despite loving Indian food and DESPISING ONIONS WITH EVERY OUNCE OF MY BEING, I'm usually able to consume many Indian dishes because the onions are ground down sufficiently that I don't particularly notice their presence. Not here. 

The dishes are essentially 80% onion. And large onion slices. Perhaps a little more variety in ingredients? I will not be ordering from/eating at this place again. If you like onions, this is a great place for you.
I tried the buffet on a Friday. It was getting towards the end of lunch time and a lot of the dishes were void of anything but sauce; no meat, no vegetables. I wound up with a big mound of rice with lots of sauces and not much else. The parotta, which is a new love of mine, was in broken pieces and very hard. I did have the opportunity to get seconds if I'd chosen to, but a man can only eat so much rice and sauce.

I think Amma has spoiled me for excellent South Indian food but I'm hoping to be proved wrong.

On the positive side, the service was very pleasant and courteous, I was not rushed even though it was late into lunch time, my water glass was kept full and one of the very nice waitresses brought over a hot, fresh basket of plain naan unasked. The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, the buffet area was not a mess even at the end of lunch, the restaurant is in an interesting (to me) part of the city and I will definitely be back again for an early lunch or an early dinner with the hope that I can update my rating to a few more stars.
This is by far the best Indian restaurant I've been to in Philly. The ambience was great and the staff was really sweet and welcoming. We ended up ordering more food than we can eat and I am still debating which dish to rate the best, but I really loved baigan koora and mango lassi. Would definitely love to go back when I visit Philly again.
I love Indian food so I've had my eye on this place ever since it opened. I finally had the chance to roll in on a late weekday evening around 9pm, at which time it was surprisingly busy which i think is a testament to how good the food is.
The ambiance is classy and it has a nice upscale feel. The servers were also super friendly and attentive.
The great thing is they let you customize the spice level of each dish from 1 to 10. We started out with the chicken 65, crispy spicy pieces of chicken topped with curry leaves. It had me gulping down water even at a level 3 but was still delicious. Next time I want to try the Gobi manchurian based on all the glowing reviews. Then we stuck to 2 classics, the chicken tikka masala and saag paneer. Both were so flavorful they had me spooning the leftover sauce straight into my mouth after we finished all the chicken and paneer. The flavor and combination of spices were so on point, I can definitively say this is the best Indian food I've had since coming to Philadelphia. I'm 100% sure I'll be back soon, and I can't wait to come back for the lunch buffet!
My fiancee and I went here for our anniversary a couple days ago. We love Indian food, and couldn't pass up the chance to try Thanal, especially after hearing/reading great things! Let me preface this by saying, what we heard was not wrong, the place was AMAZING!

First, we started with a couple of their specialty drinks, and they were ok. A bit overpriced, we won't be ordering drinks again, but again we weren't coming here for drinks, so this was easily overlooked. 

We started with a couple of small bites and went with the Gobi Manchurian and the Chicken 65. My fiancee is vegetarian, so the Chicken 65 was all me, and we shared the gobi. They ask you the spice level you want, which is always a plus so you can customize your meal. We went with an "8" to have flavor, but not be overwhelmed and reaching for our waters every few seconds. The spice level was on point, very flavorful and added the right about to the meal. The Gobi Manchurian was awesome, not overly sweet, and not soaking in oil/sauce. It was perfect! Coming from a vegetarians point of view, my fiancee said it was one of the best she's had. I thought the chicken was fantastic! Again, great flavor, not chewy, and a nice spice! Had me wanting more!

Finally, for an entree, we split the Paneer Tikka Masala. We had ordered a basket of naan (came with 4 pieces), and rice had accompanied the meal. The masala was great! Paneer was in small cubes, not the usually larger ones you get. It was easier to scoop up with the naan. Again, can't rave enough about the flavor. They did nothing wrong here. Couldn't stop eating it! 

To sum it up, Thanal was an amazing experience, and we will surely be back. Have already recommended it to some family / friends! The service was also impeccable, this should not go without saying. The hostess and waiter were really great! Thanal needs to be tried, we are very happy we decided to come here!
Easily the best Indian restaurant in the city. I've dined in Pre-COVID and have ordered takeout many times. I've eaten many things on the menu and still return. I also bring people from out of town here, so that says a lot. The staff is always pleasant, great service, and can adjust the spice level of any dish to fit your preferences.

Appetizers: The Spiced Crab Naan, Butter Naan, Veg Samosas, and Kale and Spinach Chaat are all delicious. 

Entrees: I consistently get the Salmon Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Chana Masala and Black Dal. The butter chicken is red and the Tikka masala is orange, which is usually the opposite, but who cares because the flavor profiles are exquisite! High quality spices, great ingredients, and makes me want to lick the plate clean. 

Desserts: I have had the Gulab Jamun, Rice Coconut Kheer, and the Chocolate cake. That was some of the best rice pudding that I've ever tasted and I love rice pudding. The Gulab Jamun was executed perfectly. Skip the Chocolate cake though.

Overall
Spiced Crab Naan 5/5
Butter Naan 5/5
Vegetable Samosa 5/5
Kale and Spinach Chaat 5/5
Butter Chicken 5/5
Tikka Masala 5/5
Black Dal 4/5
Chana Masala 4/5
Gulab Jamun 4/5
Coconut Kheer 5/5
Chocolate Cake 2/5
I rented out Thanal's upstairs for a private event last Saturday evening.  We had 45 people.  We really wanted to have Indian food in a buffet style for a post-event dinner.  I live in NYC, so I was doing all this planning from the phone.  I found Thanal here on Yelp for it's 4.5 stars.

From the time I called until the bill was paid the experience was amazing.  I worked with the owner, Hari, and he was a pleasure to work with.  He offered us a very competitive price far and away the cheapest of the surrounding restaurants and allowed us to choose virtually any entrees or appetizers we wanted (3 vegetarian, 3 non entrees; 2 vegetarian, 2 non appetizers).  He threw in desserts and mango drinks with no change to the price.  He personally and his staff were extremely attentive to our group, changing the thermostat even because the spicy food was making everyone warm!  I communicated with Hari that we'd arrive around 5pm and wanted the food to be ready to go.  As we were walking in they were dropping in the last pot of freshly cooked food.  100% perfect timing.

The food was outstanding, but spicy.  Our crew loves spicy so people were raving.  We had: Channa masala, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, veg biryani, apollo fish, mutton sukka, tandoori salmon, spinach/kale chaat, veg samosa, saag paneer.  All were great.  Particular standouts were the tandoori salmon and the saag paneer.  Excellent.  We had many native Indians in our party and they similarly thought it was fantastic.

Particular compliments to Hari.  He did not charge us a penny until the end.  He said you should pay after you're happy with our service.  I was confused to not have to put down a deposit for this size of a group, especially when another nearby restaurant wanted to charge $8000 to close the restaurant for a party this size, but I called every few days and he was pleasant and upbeat.  

I would recommend Thanal for a party of a similar size and I would recommend Thanal for people nearby for good authentic Indian food.  I also would recommend because of the good people at the restaurant-- they deserve some success with the integrity and commitment that they run their company.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I was in philadelphia for a weekend trip to catch up with friends and we decided to go here. My friend said she always walked past here and it always smelled good. She was not wrong. 

Price - Reasonable - $16 for veggie dishes, $18 for chicken, $20 for goat and $22 for seafood. 

Service - The waitresses were super nice and very helpful. My friend was torn between two dishes and the waitress was able to describe each dishes and how they differ to help my friend make a des

Food - We got Mango Lassi, Chicken Korma, Butter Chicken, Hanal Special Goat Curry, Garlic Naan and Olive and Truffle Oil Naan. All the meat dishes was really good, flavorful and tender. There was slight kick to the korma with certain bites that caught me by surprised, but wasn't terribly spicy. My favorite was the Hanal special goat curry. It had the most flavor but not overwhelming. It's only $2 more than the chicken but I felt like you got 1.5x more - worth it! 

The naans were crispy and not flimsy. It still held it shape the next day. They cut it into 4 triangle pieces per order. The truffle naan was so good! I couldn't really taste the garlic on the garlic naan. 

The mango lassi had a little ginger flavor to it. Not sure how I felt about it. It's different than other mango lassi I had. I don't know if I would order it again.
Went in last minute and they got a table for 2 for us- apologized due to being short staffed due to covid.
Probably the best Indian food I have eaten in the northeast- this includes CT NYC NJ and DE.
Samosas were fresh homemade and the filling was perfect and especially the crust was very good.
Mango lassi. A bit thick.
Chicken biriyani wonderful
The shrimp appetizer really good.
Rotis and breads had the right amount of layering and crisp.
We are from Hyderabad so the gongura goat made us feel like we were back in India.and the veg kofta curry was great ( but a bit rich)
Only drawback was no homemade desert...
This is my new favorite Indian spot in Philly! I came here for a grad school event and had a great experience.

The first thing I noticed was the great selection of beer (not something I usually see at Indian restaurants, so I was very pleasantly surprised!) I got a Troegs beer on draft.

Being vegetarian, I had never actually had a Tikka Masala dish since it's almost always served with chicken, so I got really excited when I saw Paneer Tikka Masala on the menu and decided I had to order it! It was delicious - perfectly spiced and so flavorful. The portion was a little smaller than I was expecting for the price, but it was so yummy that I didn't mind too much. I also tried some of my friend's Kale and Spinach Chaat which was SO good as well. 

I can't wait to go back (especially looking to go back for the buffet)!
Came here for happy hour with my friend and the place was moderately busy but easy enough for us to find a seat at the bar.

We ordered the madras mule which was good though tasted fairly similar to a regular moscow mule. We also split the chicken 65, gobi manchurian, and spiced crab naan. All of the appetizers were solid and well portioned though my favorite was the cauliflower, which had a good crunch and nice flavor.

A nice place for a casual happy hour, I'll definitely be back!
Pretty inconspicuous place, but the food is outstanding. We've dined in the restaurant (pre COVID-19) and ordered and were extremely happy with both.

Dine-in was a great experience. The manager came over and asked how everything was, gave us a complimentary taste of one of his favorite items, and had spot on recommendations. Cocktails were well balanced and flavorful. Portions are generous so be prepared for leftovers.

The quality of the food held up really well when we ordered.

Currently our favorite Indian spot in Philly!
Came here because my dinner partner never had Indian food, I had to take care of that. We were seated quickly since it was pretty dead, the owner came out to greet us and was a awesome guy. Real genuine and personable I love hospitality he's shown. The food was all great, we got a few different naan for her to try, butter chicken, onion pakora and chicken Briyani. Can't go wrong with butter chicken and naan bread. My friend could eat the broth and naan alone. The Briyani was well seasoned, great texture on the rice not soggy. Oinion pakora was better than onion blooms or rings. All the naan bread we had were great.
It's nice Indian place to eat authentic Indian food in Downtown Philly. I had Lamb Loin Laal Maas and Anjeer Kofta. It was really good. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking or craving for a spicy food in Philly. 
They have Mini bar there. They have some Indian beers too, if you are interested in that.
What a gem of a restaurant. The food is delicious and has a combination of traditional and chef inspired dishes, the drinks have an Indian twist if you want it (we did... the Madras Muke & The Maharani were soooo delicious) BUT the most important element here is the Manager, Mohan Raj). Mohan Raj will guide you through the dishes and drinks and is dedicated to making your experience special without being intrusive.Use his guidance! Although we are Indian and have eaten Indian dishes all over the world, it is best, especially for your first few visits, to learn what this particular culinary establishment considers its best presentations! You won't be disappointed!
We ordered a bunch of food from here for a work lunch. And it was just ok. From tikka masala, butter chicken and saag, We had a variety of things, no Sharing sadly due to Covid. We sat in little plexiglass cubicles to eat together! It was creamy, but lacked a lot of the flavor I usually associate with great Indian food. The chicken was so bland and dry. The garlic naan was great. The prices are also super high! This is probably a great place to go eat in for the ambience but we weren't impressed with the take out.
Thanal Indian Tavern is a pretty lowkey spot in Logan Square, but was the highlight of my weekend trip to Philadelphia. 

Thanal is a very fine Indian restaurant with diverse South Indian offerings. We had the Railway peppers for appetizer which was fried to perfection and not too crispy or too soft. Very delicious. For our main, we had the eggplant koora and the chicken tikka masala. The chicken tikka was REALLY well done - both dishes were good but the chicken tikka was honestly astounding. We had the bullet naan to go with this which was very delicious. I actually enjoyed it so much, I had to order more. 

On top of this, the service was phenomenal. The manager came over and chatted with us, and he even gave us gulab jamun complimentary! He was extremely friendly, took really good care of us, and will certainly be getting our service again.
Absolute outstanding. Had chicken tikka masala for entree (really good, on par with Ekta's which I think is really good). Person I was with had chicken tandoori; just a bit bland without the additions although cooked really nice-when adding the chutney, it was amazing though. Gobi Manchurian was pretty nice for an appetizer. Haven't tried the rest of the menu yet. Service good enough, if just a bit slow at times (though to be fair it was pretty busy).

Decent selection of beer too.
I enjoyed my dinner at Thanal and feel fortunate that it's located right in my new neighborhood! I ordered the lamb biryani which was extremely flavorful and delicious. My only concern was that it was a bit too spicy for my taste. I had asked for mild and the waiter warned me that it wasn't possible with the way they make their biryani. I still really enjoyed it and had plenty of raita to combat the spice. My boyfriend got a chicken curry that was delicious and a bit more mild. 

All of the staff were very helpful and friendly and I am excited to go back and try to lunch buffet!
I really enjoyed my first experience at Thanal.  We arrived, and were handed the dinner and happy hour menu. We weren't sure if it was still happy hour, but when we asked, they said we could still order from the menu, so we did! Just an fyi, if you order drinks from the HH menu, you have to get the same drink for it to qualify as buy one, get one free. 

My favorite dishes of the night were the gobi manchurian and the lamb korma curry.  We ordered the lamb korma at a spiciness level of 5.  Both dishes were spicy, but the korma was really spicy.  Next time, I would probably choose a lower spice number.  But it still tasted really good! The curry also came with a side of rice (you would just have to order naan separately if you wanted it).  

Overall, it's a really cool menu and space, and I'd definitely go back or order take out from here.
This a really solid Indian place, the food was well prepared. You can pretty much always expect a good amount of vegetarian options with Indian cuisine but I recall that they had a fair few vegan options as well. They also have some fancy naan options we got the olive & truffle naan as well as the walnut naan, both were very good. Also they allow you to adjust the spice level for most dishes on the menu, if that's a concern for you. 

We went at lunch and it was very busy (also pretty loud). The main attraction seemed to be the buffet, we ended up ordering off the menu instead but would be interested in trying another time. 

The service was pretty decent although the food did take awhile to come out but most likely due to the amount of patrons they had in at the time. So definitely not a big deal but just be aware in case you're short on time. 

I would recommend also you should probably make a reservation here since it seems to be pretty popular.
I came here over the weekend and I am so happy that they continue to provide exceptionally tasty food! We ordered the Mutton Sukka, Lamb Loin Laal Maas and Idly Podi and everything was really flavorful and delicious. For desserts we ordered the Gulab jamun with ice cream and Rasmalai and both were really really good - if you are into Indian sweets, definitely give them a go!
I am a businessman in philly for a very high profile hotel opening and was supposed to return with a recommendation. Very disappointed. !!

If you are a black person do not visit this restaurant. I am not one to pull the race card and this is my first ever review on yelp but it was VERY obvious that I was treated MUCH different than all other customers. 

First of all lady who was a server hardly gave me eye contact and never cracked even a small smile. I asked her  about something in the menu and she answered while she was wiping another table. 

Another guy at the bar with a beard almost tripped trying to open the door for another customer and laughed and thanked them for their patronage (never was offered to open door when I left :)). 
Furthermore no one EVER asked me if my food was good or anything like that. I felt invisible. By the way the restaurant was 75% empty so no excuse. 

One time I called a server over to ask a question and he answered with "what's up man!!"

The food was good but the experience totally masked that.
This is where I go for lunch when I am just ridiculously hungry and ready to have an amazing meal. Unfortunately, I can't tell you much about the specific dishes. They were all very foreign to me and so I can not identify them. What I can tell you is it was goooood! I go back again and again.

It's best to get there early during lunch because the buffet is popular! It fills up and sometimes there is a wait. But don't be discouraged. This all you can eat buffet is worth waiting for.

There is usually quite a few different kinds of meat including chicken, goat, and pork, with a few vegetarian options. Some of the other food is fried so I try to avoid it but when I do rarely eat it I never regret it! I also really like the chutney that is served with all of the vegetables.

To top it all off, the restaurant just has really phenomenal service. For me, that's what sets the tone and just makes this a five star experience. If you work in that part of town, don't pass this place up for lunch!
My bf and I nabbed the last two seats at the bar last Friday around 7:30 and were so pleased with our meal here. The place was full so I guess a reservation is a good idea for guaranteed seating. We split the Gobi Manchurian as an app - which is the best thing to happen to cauliflower EVER - and the Thanal Goat Curry, which came with an ample portion of rice for sharing. I noticed everyone reviewed this place as pretty spicy. I'm a sucker for the burn of good spice, and you will get it here. I heard some servers asking if spice levels were ok. We weren't asked and were definitely happy with the heat of the main dish, but be cautioned: if you like the heat of Han Dynasty's 7 or higher, you'll be just fine here, but trust that a 5 will be really uncomfortable for less adventurous people dining with you and dial it down accordingly. We finished the app and had two more servings of curry leftovers we took home -- 

The atmosphere was modern trendy (yellow backlights and some trance-pop music after 8:30) with lots of young couples doing a dinner date as well as some four tops of tourists, but we liked that the ambience was numerous steps up from tablecloths and Formica tabletops of other Ekta and the like. Everyone was incredibly hospitable and attentive with regular water refills and multiple servers checked in that we were enjoying our meal when they were working behind the bar. Beer costs were a little high, but they're trying to match fine restaurant expectations, I get it. They also pushed the cocktails and desserts. We didn't have room, but maybe next time. And there will definitely be a next time! This is a great addition to Philly's dining scene and the west side of town in particular. Will definitely be going back, especially to try happy hour. Thanks, Thanal!!!
Amazing service and good!  Shaun was so kind and hospitable.  The spicy crab naan, garlic naan, paneer makhni, and shrimp karahi were amazing.  Not too spicy, but deliciously seasoned.
I thought 28 5 star Yelp reviews?  No way. But yes way.  The cocktail menu is unique I'm glad I took their recommendation.  
I had a bit of a cold so wanted to have the rasum. I think of it as medicinal but it is also hot and delicious. 
I had the salmon tikki masala which was great comfort food.  My friend had the mutton curry and found the sauce flavourful.  
The walnut nan was delicately flavored and quite nice. 
I was most surprised by the Gobi Manchuria cauliflower.  Wow. I ate every last bit. So another 5 star review for a place that has only been open a month. I
Great food! Didn't expect much when I walked up to the place, but it turned out to be fantastic. Really nice contemporary decor. Very friendly staff. Very busy but we were seated quickly. 

Cocktail list was fantastic. Many unique options.

I had the lamb loin laal maas on the recommendation of the waiter and it was perfect. The lamb just melted in your mouth-not chewy at all. Great flavor and they got the spice level right. My husband always gets chicken tikka masala and I have to say it was one of the most flavorful versions I've ever had.

I will absolutely come back again.
What a phenomenal addition to Philly's gamut of Indian restaurants and dare I say, the best authentic Indian food in the city. We had the cauliflower manchurian, lamb shank rogan josh, paneer makhni, naan and paratha. Everything was delicious- the meat was fall off the bone tender, the curries were adequately spiced and flavorful, and even the bread didn't disappoint. Add to that attentive and kind staff and a cozy interior, and you have a winner. We will be returning.
I keep coming back, trying new drinks and food. Uniformly top quality. I walked 30 minutes in the cold to get here tonight and am glad I did.
This location has changed hands a lot, but Thanal Indian Tavern is a total winner! 

The lunch buffet features more than a dozen items that change daily. Salad, soup, tea, dessert, and naan are part of the $13.99 price tag. 

Full bar. Friendly service. And a completely renovated interior that's contemporary and welcoming. 

Everyone should support this restaurant--what a great addition to the area!
Came here with a group last Saturday night and was really impressed. I have to say this is probably the best Indian food I've had in the city so far! We ordered a crispy cauliflower appetizer and a lamb appetizer, and both were exceptional. The naan (we tried garlic and also the sage and onion) were fresh and delicious! The owner encouraged us to try dishes other than our go-to, tikka masala, and we're so glad we did. Definitely interested in trying their lunch buffet in the future!!
I have only gotten delivery from here but it was great!  Garlic naan, butter chicken and lamb Saag. LOVED all of it! The delivery was timely, the menu was well set up for take out. I have had ehhh Indian food in Philly, this was far better than ehhh. It was great enough for me to look them out and find out where they are located cause I am going!
I went here with my family for the first time for my birthday and it was fantastic! A nice ambiance and service and our server was so so nice. He gave us a lot of really good recommendations and the food was amazinggg. It was beautifully plated and also so good! When the food came out we were worried we didn't order enough but everything was so rich and delicious we ended up with leftovers! The cocktails were really great too and so was the masala chai :) I'll definitely be coming back!
The new management is doing a nice job. They have a really fun cocktail menu - classics with some traditional Indian ingredients, think: curry leaves, rosewater, cardamom. We loved the onion pakora and truffle naan. They don't wimp out on spice here. Our lamb korma, ordered at a level 3 heat, had quite a kick. 

Attentive service. Would love to try their week day buffet. Hope this spot does well.
Wow what a great Gem! The Indian food scene in Philadelphia is really looking up! Visited Thanal this past weekend, they have both indoor and outdoor seating place. The servers are welcoming and they have a full bar. The menu is focused on Indian specialties from South India. And the South Indians take real pride in cooking food with natural ingredients and everything is made from scratch. We ordered the chicken 65 which is an Indian starter on the spicer side and usually I love to try it base a standard for the food. 
It was delicious! The best! We also ordered a lamb appetizer and garlic Naan. So so so good! 
Can't wait to go back and get more! And they are available on caviar and Grubhub.
To start, the food here is AMAZING. But then also add in a 5-7pm Happy Hour that is Buy One Get One Free for all wines and draft beer, combined with spectacularly hand crafted cocktails, and a great atmosphere and this is one of my favorite places in town!
I had a big group (12+) here two weekends ago. Hari, the manager whom we spoke with to arrange it, was great. He was extremely courteous to my mother and flexible with our ever-changing schedule, which for a big party, is super nice! We opted to have a pre fixe menu to make things easier for us and the restaurant. Everything came out as planned, and there wasn't a shortage of anything. We even had leftovers. We got paneer masala, tandoori chicken, lasuni gobi, lamb and a plethora of rice and naan. The staff were great about cleaning plates, and we had jugs of water on the table, which was great for our group. While we had dessert planned, they also allowed us to bring our own. I can't recommend them highly enough for a large group event with good food!
The food was so delicious. We loved the tikka masala the sauce was so creamy.  Disregard any negative reviews you see here. You won't go wrong with anything that you order. I will absolutely be ordering again.
My FAVORITE INDIAN RESTAURANT IN PHILLY. Love love love this place. Their food is so authentic yet they have such different and variety on their menu. All the entries are delicious and the naans are worth exploring. My new fav is the spicy crab naan and truffle oil naan. It's a good date night spot or if you want some comfort food to eat at home. Their portions are great too.
Delicious Indian food. Everything was very tasty and seemed to be authentic (I can't personally confirm this but my friend from India who was with me said it was authentic!). Naan was great, as was the paneer, the goat curry, and a spicy chicken dish that we had. 

Only downside is that the service was slow, but very friendly waitstaff. Will be coming back very soon!
Was craving Indian and haven't ordered it much in Philly, saw Thanal on a bunch of "best of" lists and had to try it! Food was phenomenal, and huge portions. 

Samosas: 4. Exactly what you want in a samosa! Seemed a tad on the small size? But yummy. 

Saag Paneer: 5. Ohmygod. SO GOOD. And SO much paneer! 

Butter Chicken: 5. Sauce is RICH, chicken is tender, and enough for at least 3 portions! 

Naan: 5. Fluffy, light, great texture. 

Perfect order! I do wish they offered raita, that would have been a nice accompaniment. 

Delivery was early, cost was reasonable (esp. for portions), will be ordering again! Need to try the crab naan and more of the entrees!
Love love love this place right next door that opened up.  The food is delicious!  I have been there 4 times this week.  They are so sweet and kind and the food is to die for...spice level 5 out of 10 is as high as I can go!  The butter chicken, saag paneer, garlic naan, palak paneer and the lunch buffet during the week is the best!  Thanks for taking over what was a poor excuse for an Indian restaurant and turning it into a wonderful hip scene with amazing food neighbor!!!
The best Indian restaurant i've been to in Philly (hands down). From the authentic butter chicken to the perfectly curated cocktails, i give Thanal five stars. The owner of the restaurant (Hari) is readily available to make you amazing drinks
This place had been in my Yelp wishlist since the last few years as I had found the place while searching for Kerala Porotta serving places near me ( 3.5 hours near(far) from my place in Connecticut). I had even seen raving reviews about the dish specifically
They have such good reviews barring a few recent reviews, I don't know if something changed recently, the overall experience was very disappointing.
We did have a reservation, yet were seated after waiting for 10 minutes. They are clearly short staffed and a single employee was handling all the guests seating arrangements.
We were seated outside (as they did not have enough indoor seating space and it felt congested inside). It was a hot summer evening and to add to the already non pleasant experience, we were seated right next to the people playing guitar and xylophone. It was too loud (I can see many reviewers mentioning the same). It took forever for the food to arrive and once arrived, the food tasted pretty bad. The eggplant koora (vegan) tasted just like how I make onion tomato gravy when I cook on lazy days (bland).  Kerala porotta seemed like it is from a frozen paratta packet. We couldn't finish any of the dishes and they did not bother to ask why was there so much food left.
The only thing we got here more than what we expected was the amount in the check. For such average food and service, we got a huge bill. I will never be back to the place!
I missed Thanal so much that even after a few bad experiences in the early COVID days, we decided to try it again. Well we've now had it twice in two weeks and it is as delicious as ever and I am dreaming of butter chicken and samosas most nights. Glad they're back on track!
Thanal is a very good Indian restaurant with some South Indian delights crafted with the American palate in mind - spice wise. You get the typical Indian comfort cuisine along with some unique delectables. Having an inherited Indian palate -my only suggestion would be spice up the sliding scale of heat that is offered to customers. Also adding few more unique south tamilnadu options in the menu would be cool.
Kudos to the kitchen for accommodating some of my vegetarian family members and being open to tinker with the cocktail recipe.
Great service. Clean seating.
Highly recommend especially for the curious American palate! It will not fail to impress you!!
We came here last night for a graduation celebration dinner. We arrived earlier than our reservation but were promptly seated. The staff was super friendly and helpful and gave awesome recommendations. We ordered Chicken 65, Phudina paneer tikka, chili paneer, a lamb appetizer, crab naan, onion pakora and the kale & spinach chaat. All of the apps were very well liked around the table. In particular, we enjoyed the chili paneer and the kale/spinach chaat. The crab naan was also well liked. The staff recommended we order a "bullet naan" with the apps which wasn't on the menu. I'm so glad we did! It's essentially a chili and garlic naan but man, can they make naan. Perfectly soft while still being slightly crunchy and not at all greasy. For the main course we ordered paneer tikka masala, veg. korma, mushroom matter masala and upon recommendation the chicken chettinad. I thought the paneer tikka was weirdly sweet but not overpoweringly so. The carnivores really enjoyed the chicken chettinad and the mushroom masala was great also! 

Towards the end, they surprised us with gulab jamun and halwa for the whole table; it was such a nice gesture! 

Overall, I think we'll definitely be back. It's a nice low-key indian place in center city. A good option instead of Veda and Indeblue which feel a little more high end but the food is definitely as varied and up to par. We didn't try the cocktails but they looked great too. Also, the menu is pretty huge, so lots of options - both north and south indian. 

I'm curious to see how their chocolate dosa is!
We made reservations for two on Saturday evening and got seated outside. There was a live jazz trio playing which was a nice surprise. The food was very delicious and flavorful. We ordered the mango lassi, vegetable samosas, paneer makhni, and eggplant koora along with the garlic naan. The paneer makhni was a standout. Excited to come back.
I thank you for this response. I do believe in the benefit of the doubt and will come by again when in Philly. 

Thank You.
Really good lunch buffet. I havent been here yet for dinner, but would definitely come back for lunch again. The buffet had plenty of great options. There were some really tasty vegetarian options, such as cauliflower and saag paneer. Also plenty of meat options. There was beef and chicken curry. Obviously, they had chicken tikka masala which was really good. The white rice and biriyani was very tasty. The restaurant is very nice and the staff was very attentive.  $15 bucks for a delicious lunch buffet? I will definitely be back.
Came for snacks and drinks after Art After 5 at the museum. Two of us split the chicken 65 and the spicy crab naan. Both were incredible. The bartender was also really great making this an extremely enjoyable experience. Really excited to visit again and eat a full meal.
Great food, we've been to Thanal multiple times and they never disappoint. we tried the Apollo chicken, Kodi Vepudu, Chicken Biryani , gobi Manchuria, pakoda, samosa and also the buffet is great(pre covid). Best spot for Indian food in Philadelphia.
This place just reopened after going through a huge remodel and is worth the visit! We were really impressed with the food, especially the cauliflower appetizer. Our entrees were Chicken saag and the Mutton curry. My date and I really liked the richness and flavor of the saag. The mutton has good flavor but was a thinner curry sauce with a heavy tomato flavor. Probably wouldn't order the mutton curry again just because we lean more toward the thicker, creamier curries - really just depends on preference. The entrees did come before we finished our appetizer but that actually worked out well because the main dishes needed to cook off a bit before consumption.
Finally had the lunch buffet at Thanal Indian Tavern. What can I say? This is way better than the previous Indian restaurant that was there. The buffet at Indian Cuisine seemed like an after thought, tucked into the back corner. Thanal's buffet is in a prominent spot, & it had some items that I'd never had before or seen at other Indian restaurants. Most notably was the chicken '65 & the mysore vegetable balls. It helps, too, that covers (lids?) can be pulled down over the food to keep it hot & keep bacteria out. While I was there, the place was bustling, but not too crowded. The servers were friendly, & I was seated pretty quickly. The decor & lighting gives the interior a way more inviting feel. Elated to have this in Logan Square West where there's definitely been a shortage of quality Indian restaurants. I will be back here!
I've eaten here twice and ordered through Caviar about 11 times. Yes, it's THAT good! I love their Paneer Tikka Butter Masala...when it's not spicy. They don't understand "MILD". There's almost always some kick to anything I've ordered from them, hence the 3 stars. I ordered Dahl makhani and I couldn't even eat it. So, if you like spicy food, you won't mind the kick and you'll probably love this place. I love their food, but ordering is a gamble because the food may come out too spicy. Their Channa masala is good, but too spicy. The mushroom mutter masala was good, but too spicy. Last night's order was pretty spicy, and this place is too expensive to not be able to eat the meals I order. I have wasted my money enough. I give up.
Thanal Indian Tavern serves up delicious Indian cuisine at moderate prices. I ordered takeout via Yelp (fulfilled by Grubhub) a week ago. The process was smooth (though they were a bit slow), and the food was delightful. Prices are a bit high, but portion sizes are large. You can definitely split an entree (or save leftovers) if you're also getting a side or appetizer. I tried the chicken tikka masala (I know, not real Indian food, but I wanted something Indo-British), along with the garlic naan and the samosas - they were all delicious. Overall a nice spot that I'll need to visit again in person once they reopen.
Came down to Philly to work as a faculty at Penn. Have lived all over the country, and would consider myself an Indian food enthusiast. 

No doubt that this place has the best biryani in philly so far. Also had the gobi Manchurian which was great and the bhindi (okra) which was awesome. Would prefer boneless chicken in the biryani, but will try to get that custom ordered for next time-the flavor profile was perfect.
We're so excited when they opened up for takeout/delivery during COVID-19. The quality was great and the portions were equal to or greater than what we'd get if we ate there. Gobi Manchurian is the best thing to happen to cauliflower and Thanal does it so well. We got the chicken Saag (gotta have some veggies, right?) and it was delicious as always. If you're not into the tomato heavy curries, this is a great one. We also branches out and tried the Thanal special goat curry. Yum!! Great flavor with the coconut shining through. So happy they're back during this time because we will definitely be back! P.S. the rice comes with every curry so don't worry about adding it to your order!
Fantastic vibe and energy! Owner was very hospitable and made us feel very welcomed! Chicken Tikka masala and the sag paneer were delicious! Definitely highly recommend going!
Had reservations here for a weekend evening for outdoor seating. Tables were comfortably spaced out. I ordered the butter chicken which was flavorful. My friends ordered the chicken korma and hanal special goat curry. I had a bite of each and enjoyed it. The Hanal special goat curry seemed like a bigger portion for a few dollars more than the other dishes. Got both the truffle and garlic naan, both were good. Truffle on anything is always a plus but it is a few bucks more. 

Food took a little long to come out but it was busy. 
Since the restaurant is in 20th street which is a main road, there were many loud cars and rescue vehicles driving by so don't expect a quiet dining experience outdoors. 

Street parking. Some spots are free parking in the evening (check the signs!) 

The staff was very nice and patient.
Wow. Everything here was amazing. 
Service - fabulous. Our server was so kind and helpful. He made some really great recommendations and was very aware of food allergies. The food came out very quickly despite the restaurant being fairly packed. 
Cocktails - very good. Plus the happy hour made it buy one get one free! What!! 
Ambiance- really nice. It was chill, dark but not too dark, clean, comfortable. 
Food - incredible. We got three traditional curries and WOW I cannot believe how different this is from other Indian food I've had before. The butter chicken and malabra fish curry were especially amazing. The dosa starter is also definitely worth getting. 

It's a little more expensive than your typical Indian restaurant, but for how delicious it was, it's worth it.
Totally recommend!!!! Talked my husband into going and he has never been an Indian food fan or a fan of spice. The gentleman who greeted us was lovely. Our food server was Cat. She coaxed and educated my husband like a champ! My daughter and I love Indian cuisine so we were an easy sell for anything. For appetizers, Cat recommenced Gobi Manchurian snd Triple Green Dosa. Both were just lovely!!! The Dosa came with 3 very flavorful sauces that could turn the spice level up a notch or not, so that worked well for the 3 of us who enjoy varying spice levels. We also got garlic naan and cheese naan. And Yum to both!!!!! My daughter and I shared Tandoori chicken for 2 which we could pick out the spice level. It was huge and perfect! My husband got the lamb tikka masala, with a low spice level, and for the 1st time in many attempts of revisiting Indian food, used the adjective "great."

So, with all of that being said, we would eagerly go back again. The atmosphere was lovely. The service was personable and the food was really enjoyable. And Cat is a gem!
Ate here for the first time a week ago.  Food was excellent. Outstanding outdoor service. Outdoor music was very enjoyable. Never knew I liked Indian food because I never had the "real stuff" before.  Will return
The reviews are legit. I moved here a year and a half ago from NY, where there's a halfway-decent Indian restaurant on every block. On top of that, you've got a bunch of neighborhoods with large Indian populations that make incredible food.

I have been to a bunch of places in Philly, and they've all been really underwhelming. Thanal is pricey, but the reviews made we want to give it a shot.

Everything was excellent. The chicken fritters, the chili paneer, the goat and chicken tikka. I was shocked at how good all of the food was. We went with a group of 6, half of whom were Indian, and they were all legitimately impressed.

So, in short--pricey, but outstanding. I'm pretty sure I'd be able to live on the apps alone. I will absolutely be back. Five stars.
Very nice location and easy to get to. Clean and modern. Good setting: music and decor.  Fully stocked bar. 

Parking, literally, next door... but I had taken a cab so it was even easier. 

Ordered mango lassi, chicken soup (had just the right amount heat and flavoring to it - perfection), garlic naan, saag paneer, and a tikka chicken masala so thick and rich it should be a crime!  I was asked how spicy on the tikka... always a good sign. 

I was alone, and sat at the bar. A few Indian gentlemen and a few business types like myself. 

A really nice with professional and caring staff. Nice side conversation with the owner really made the experience so much better. 

Felt at ease and felt at home. 

No negatives whatsoever.
I ended up having dinner here for thanksgiving this year. A friend and I ended up splitting samosas, garlic naan, and the chicken biryani. The portions were so decent, we ended up having leftovers for a second dinner. What I can't get over is the chicken biryani, best I ever had anywhere. It's unfortunate we were only visiting Philly for the holiday, I dream about eating the buttery melt in your mouth slow cooked spicy chicken & perfectly seasoned rice all the time
Out of all the indian spots I tried in Philly, I think i would rank this as one of my favorites (mind you, I only had the lunch buffet here). The lunch buffet had a good variety of indian appetizers and main courses. The spice level was perfect, not too spicy at all. Everything was seasoned to perfection. The chicken Biryani really hit the spot with the flavors and tenderness of the chicken. I think the only gripe about this place would be some wings being a tad cold (it was a lunch buffet and I came early so food rested there for a while). But thats just me nitpicking. Overall its a must go if your in the city and craving indian food.
While down in the city on business (and a quick stop at the Franklin Institute for the Marvel Exhibit [AWESOME btw]) I needed to kill some time to let rush hour die down.  So I looked at yelp for a close alternative food option - and here I am!

I fully admit I don't know a damn thing about Indian cuisine other than if you tell them you want it spicy, they will TRULY make it spicy!  I got this "chicken 65" appetizer that the other reviewers really seemed to dig, and they asked me "how spicy on a scale of 1 to 10?" - my default answer is always 10 because most places only THINK they made their dish hot enough.  NOT HERE!! I know I'm gonna pay for this at 2am, but for now HOT DAMN THIS IS TASTY!!!

I wish I could even remember the Tandoori style I got, but it was just as awesome!!

They also make a killer "Mango Mule" which is super refreshing on a hot day like today!  (so good, I had two!)

Service is incredibly friendly as well!  

Totally worth all the five star reviews, and I am happy to add another to the pile!
I tried the Chicken Biryani from Thanal and I had to write an update. I am a big fan of Hyderabadi dum biryani and have not found a single place in Philly that serves "authentic" tasting Hyderabadi biryani. In fact, I would go all the way to Norristown (Biryani city) and even New Jersey (Paradise Biryani/Bawarchi) just to see the layered yellow and white rice and marinated chicken topped with caramelized onions (that's the whole point of hyderabadi biryani, but what you actually get at most places is really fried rice or pulao :/).

Anyway, the biryani here is the best in Philly, I can't believe I live like 5 blocks from this place and they deliver to my home! Thanal has definitely become my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly, I absolutely love the food and service here! 

P.S.: Just to be clear, Laal Maas and Kerala Duck Roast continue to be my favorites here.
The best Indian food experience I've ever had. The Salmon Tikka Masala is amazing. From the moment my fiancée and I walked in the door we could tell that we found a great place. I really wish I took pictures.

I don't normally write Yelp reviews, I encourage everyone that has had a better Indian food experience than Thanal Indian Tavern to reach out to me and share it, because this is my gold standard thus far.
Best south Indian food in Philadelphia. Hands down. The food is absolutely delicious and very authentic. The servers are super attentive and friendly. It's my go to weekday dinner place. My favorites are: chicken tikka masala, dosa, chicken 65, Apollo fish, chicken biryani, and gunpowder shrimp tikka.
The food, South Indian, is wonderful.  There isn't another Indian restaurant in town serving most of the dishes found here.  The menu is extensive and the tastes are very satisfying.  

It is worth noting there are a few caveats.  One, the noise level borders on deafening, at least downstairs.  It was quite difficult to hold a conversation.  We were told upstairs isn't as bad.  The other is that if one goes expecting the pricing found in West Philadelphia Indian restaurants or some of the older Indian establishments elsewhere he/she is in for a bit of surprise.  The prices fall somewhere between those less expensive places and the better mid-priced restaurants in general.  The pricing is reasonable but do not go expecting to pay the lower prices associated with so many "ethnic" restaurants.  There is also a full bar, something many of the BYOB Indian restaurants elsewhere do not have.  One of our party of four had a glass of wine while the remaining three had a sweet, non-alcoholic drink.  We had three breads, two appetizers and four entres.  Our bill with tip was $168.
Awesome food and service.  Best biryani rice I've had since my neighbor from Hyderabad would make it from scratch. Their curry goat special is amazing. And you can specify your 'heat' level with your order, and they adhere to the ask. Heat adverse ask for 3. Like it hot ask for 8. Can't recommend this place enough.
Me and a boyfriend went here on date night! Super sleek, yet inviting to all crowds and it's expensive but worth it! 

The cucumber cocktail I got was TO DIE FOR!  I wouldn't suggest just stopping by, make it an event.
Saw this lovely new place (opened 4 months ago) on Open Table, and it seemed to have good reviews. My 9 year old daughter had a craving for Indian food this evening so we drove into Philly for a meal. With their location at 20th and Arch, street parking was easy to find.  Lovely decor and comfortable modern seating (lots of windows). 
We tried the chicken tikka taco appetizer because it sounded interesting and we thought they were amazing.  
Food was beautifully presented and all the dishes were excellent, including the naan breads. My daughter also had high praise for the mango lassi.  We found the service to be friendly and excellent. 
We will definitely be frequenting Thanal in the future.
We came with a party of 12 without any reservation on a busy holiday season, but they were very hospitable and accommodated all of us in no time. The food is excellent and so is the service. Very prompt service. Loved it. Will come again
Came across Thanal Indian Tavern during a trip to Philadelphia and was walking toward the museum of art. They were opening in 5 minutes so I looked them up on Yelp and decided to give them a try. I am always game for some Indian food. For lunch during the week they set up a little buffet or you can order off the menu. The buffet looked amazing so I opted for that. There were a couple dozen different items available. My favorites were the goat curry and chicken 65. There was so much stuff that the first two times I just put small samples of stuff on the plate to see what I liked. My third plate (these are just small ~8" plates) was just rice and the goat curry. Everything was delicious, though. I was worried that being a buffet the spice level would be too mild for me but there was a good range. There were also vegetarian options in the buffet. Service was great and the place quickly filled up while I was eating. Staff was very friendly.
Quite possibly the finest indian food I've had on this continent. I cannot recommend this place highly enough!

The food is a bit mild - we asked for an 8 (out of 10) for our vindaloo and it tasted more like a 4 or 5, but the flavor as so incredible that none of us cared. 

If you're anywhere near here, make no other choice. If you're far away, plan a trip. You will not regret it!
The wait was much for the food we got. We were told the wait time is 20 min, but it took good 40 min to get a table for 5. There is no waiting area on top of it and we were in between all the walking guests. Speaking about food, it wasnt great, maybe cos we were few of the last guests and the kitchen was about to close. The good thing is our waiter (guess he was the owner too) was friendly and gave us  heads up on prep time. Long story short, might not go there for good food.
We were here today at lunch. The place was not very busy but it was raining cats and dogs. We ordered the chicken taco, butter chicken and chicken vindaloo. The flavor for all the food that we ordered was AMAZING. I have been to many indian restaurants in philly and I have to say this is the best of all. Will be back very soon to try other dishes. And the server was really attentive. He was very welcoming. Cann't wait to go back.
This is probably one of the best Indian food in Philadelphia. Would definitely recommend. The chicken tikka and garlic naan were delicious. They have amazing options of naan. The mango lassi was one of the best lassi I have had so far. The place is very small so would highly recommend making reservations and not walk-ins.
Yayy I am a fan! After almost 2 months of wanting to try this place, I ended up going with some coworkers for lunch buffet. They get packed very fast so make sure you get there before 12pm. Their buffet is 14.99 + Tax so pretty good for center city.

Now for the food... I'm an Indian and I pride myself to be a good cook so I have very very high standards for Indian food. Thanal's food was pretty close to the level we get at restaurants in Edison or Jersey City. They had a vegetarian chat, chai, samosa, alu tikki, chicken 65 (10/10) and reshmi kebab for appetizers. 2 different chicken curries, lamb curry, chicken and vegetarian biryanis, jeera rice and a bunch of veg curries for entrees and gulab jamun for dessert. Food was a lot and they were constantly replenishing it so I did not see anything run out while we were there. One star less because gulab jamun was way too sweet (but oh so soft) and vegetarian curries could have been a little better.

Service is pretty good. They're quick to take your old used plates off the table when you go fill your new ones at the buffet.

I'll definitely go back to try their happy hours next.
We popped in here having never been before and with no expectations. The place is inviting and smells delicious. I loved the open air environment. The staff was all warm and friendly. I couldn't decide between two dishes I had never tried before so I asked the waiter to just bring me whichever of the two he liked better. He brought me the mushroom mutter dish and he was right; it was delicious, but I didn't discover that until later. Unfortunately I fell ill suddenly before our food arrived. Our waiter was so kind and understanding and got our food wrapped up quickly, as well as got our check to us right away. My fiance got the tandoori chicken and said that it was also delicious. We will totally return and see what else the menu has to offer!
Awesome Indian food. Great neighborhood spot with an impressive draft beer list. Friendly, efficient service. G-to Indian place now for eat in or out.
Although not a huge place, looks like they recently remodeled and looks pretty nice. 

Started off with the chili paneer, mutton sukka (lamb), and chicken 65. All were great and full of flavor. For our entrée we got the masala dosa, paneer tikka masala, and chicken vindaloo. Even though accompanied with white rice, they all paired well with garlic naan. Ended the meal with gulab jamun, which definitely hit the spot.

Highly recommend everything we got and definitely going to return for another meal!
This review is for their Happy hours.
We were here on a Tuesday evening. After hearing so much from my friends, I had to try Thannal. Most people raved about their lunch buffet and I would really wanna try the buffet. 

So, we arrived by 5:15 and got seated immediately. The restaurant was semi filled and people kept coming and going.  The tables are placed very close to each other and you can hear your neighbors clearly. Unfortunately, the people sitting in the next table were a bit loud. But anyways, we knew what we wanted and so immediately ordered the food. Here is my review for food:

Chicken 65 - the best I've had in years. Liked it so much that we ordered 2 with spice level 10. Perfectly spicy and flavorful. Quantity good for one person. 
Chicken tikka tacos - were ok. The meat was well cooked and flavorful but didnt go well with the tacos.
Crab naan - was nice. Not the best but good. It had reasonable amount of meat and came with mint chutney.  They complimented the 65 well.

So, food was excellent. So why less stars?
Coz the service was not up to the mark.  Our food took lot of time to come. Happy hours food typically comes fast and not have to wait 30 mins. That's bad. You lost a star there.

The other thing was after our food arrived, we wanted to order more. But our server was no where to be found. There was one guy bringing food from kitchen but no one to take our order. So, again we had to wait and call out to get someone's attention. There goes another.

So, overall the food is delicious but service needs to improve. I will come back to try their lunch buffet.  Happy hours not so much.
