Every time I walk into the Foodery, I'm excited by the well stocked beer selection, which I am confident has been handled with care to avoid any possibility of spoiling.    

Every time I walk out of the Foodery, I feel like I've been robbed in broad daylight in front of a police station.

Why did two bottles of Stillwater Ale cost almost TEN DOLLARS more at Foodery than at a competitor (ahem, Food & Friends) across town?  I get the convenience factor of the location, and the fact that Foodery started the trend, but come on.  Maybe the price gouging works on the clueless but I'll mix my six elsewhere.
Wait, what? A place in Philly that sells beer that I don't need a college dude to carry out to my trunk because I'm drinking when I should be working out, and thus not strong enough to lift a case? And not just beer, but BEER...the best selection I've come across in ages. Maybe I am dreaming, but this little corner store is too good to be true. Can someone please explain to me how they can do this and not be shut down in a hot second?

Who cares that it's pricy? For realz, I'll get a second job or hock some of my estate jewelry (ha ha) to pay for this nugget of goodness. I am totally in love with the Foodery. Throw in a pizza from Rustica and I am good to go.
Great beer selection, good deli, good selection of upscale corner store grocery items, and friendly staff who don't have problems answering questions. That is what you get at the Northern Liberties location. Yeah, it'll cost you an extra buck or two, but I also know of places that are way more expensive, so I'm not gonna complain about the prices. I'm always happy to stop in here and patronize this place... 

Plus, the last time I was in here, I saw hipsters, yuppies, and hippies all shopping here at the same time. Now if that doesn't prove that this place has magical powers, then I don't know what does...
1. Awesome beer selections from around the world. Easy to find, drink on site and people watch.

2. Super knowledgeable dudes will help you find anything you need (or didn't know you needed) if you ask nicely.

3. Plentiful stock of tasty treats!
Excellent inexpensive sandwiches, amazing beer selection, and a nice mix of convenience store extras (chips, coffee, etc).  Staff is friendly and you'll always find a beer nerd to help you there; whether it's one of the staff or a random customer.  

I'd wholeheartedly recommend a visit with only two caveats: the beer is really expensive, and the deli is slow.  So, call ahead for a sandwich, and go to a distributor or Jersey for anything bigger than a sixpack.  Otherwise, the Foodery is a great spot.
I think they actually have a million beers.

Also, really good sandwiches and ridiculous candy & treats.

Plus, you can go into the walk-in! But, only if you're a girl and agree to make out with one of the guys that work there, though.

(I have not taken them up on that offer)
Due to being so used to The Foodery on 10th and Pine it took awhile for me to consider reviewing the NoLibs one as a deli. Grant it the 1st one has the same fab sandwiches and deli counter. But it so small and gets so packed, that the thought of using it for sandwiches never crosses my mind. But with the awesomeness that is the NoLibs location it's a totally different story. Bring on the sammiches!

The Asian guy working the sandwich section was tops. And it was pretty damn tricky choosing what sandwich to go with since there's at least 12 specials and plenty of customization options. But in the end I grabbed a smoked turkey BLT with sharp provolone on toasted white bread. And my eating companion scored a fully loaded veggie sandwich on multigrain bread. So it's not like I'm complaining, especially since you enjoy it with a beer from their vast selection (I love me some Hitachino!).
There is not much to say that has not already been said. The beer selection is fantastic, and it easy to get carried away (there have been many times I have spent well over 25 dollars for a six pack)

however, buying beer should be a happy experience....But the staff can ruin it!

the employees that work there suck.

Bottom line.

I am sorry you are 35 years old, and that art history degree did not get you where you wanted. and selling beer to kids half you age was not your chosen career path.

but i hate to break it to you. your poop smells just like the rest of ours. Simple questions (i.e do you have this beer?) does not needed to be answered with such malice and rudeness.

I will still buy beer here. but I wont like it
Everytime Ive been here, the staff are super quick to ask if you need any help or need any suggestions. 

Be ready to talk about beer when you check out too. They cashiers love to hold a convo about your purchases. Very friendly.

The selection cant be beat. Its organized very well and the prices are very fair.
Best place to get take-out beer in the city.  They've got way more variety than your usual place, so if you like German, Belgian, local microbrews, etc., this is the place for you.  They also let you do a mix-n-match 6 pack, which is awesome.  I usually want to buy way more than 6 bottles whenever I go, but I keep myself in check.  The only downside is that you can easily spend $40 on a six-pack, depending on what sort of beer you select.

Philly would be a sad, sad place without the Foodery...  I wish I could live there.
One cannot make the claim that one is a self-professed Beer Geek/Beer Nerd without having visited the Foodery.

Yes, the beer here is marked up anywhere from 120% - 150% like everywhere in Philly thanks to the god-awful alcohol/import restrictions, but if you walk into this place dumb enough to think you're going to walk out of here with a bottle of beer that you can probably find in one of the many distribution centers that only sell alcohol by the case, then you sir or ma'am, are a square.

But getting back to business. 

I spent two days visiting various liquor/bottle stores in NJ and Philly looking for my favorite beer. Buy-rite at Cranbury? Nope. Oak Tree in South Plainfield? Nope. Bottle Bar East? Nope. The Bottle Store? Nope. It all seemed hopeless until I stopped by the Foodery, whom I had called about two days ahead and asked if they carried it, to which they told me: NOPE.

So to my amazement, I found my bottle of Brouwerij De Dochter van de Korenaar Embrasse Ardbeg at the Foodery. Four bottles of it, if I may add. I also happened to pay six dollars less than I did the last time I found it in another awesome beer store in Elkridge, MD, who only carried one bottle of it on stock. I was so happy with my purchase, that I went further and picked up two bottles of Dogfish Head 120, Amager Batch One, Firestone Walker Double DBA, Russian River Damnation/Temptation and  some Trappiste Rochefort 10 (yeah I know, Rochefort 10 is pretty common now and I overpaid like three dollars/bottle, but that's what you get for being lazy)

I also had a brief but enjoyable conversation with one of the beer geeks here, who informed me that they will have some of America's rarest craft brews in stock come April time, save for Pliny the Elder/Younger and the Heady Topper which almost never leaves CA/VT in bottle/canned form: Firestone Walker's Parabola and Founders KBS/CBS is apparently available here on a first-come-first-served basis.

So for those of you who don't speak beer: please don't come here and be disappointed that you spent 200 dollars on 18 bottles of beer that you probably could have gotten for cheaper elsewhere. But if you're looking for some place where you can and will get some of the rarest and debatably awesome beers that the "craft beer movement" has unleashed upon America, then bring all your monies and march right on to the Foodery.
I agree that the prices there for beer are a bit high... but go to a local bar and buy that micro-brew from Harrisburg and see how much you'll pay.  No joke, you'll pay $4 - $6 for a Troegs or Victory at some bar and pay half that at the Foodery.  Obviously, beer is marked up at bars because people are willing to pay it but the Foodery, as far as I know, is the only place in town where you can mix-a-six with such a great selection... besides the other Foodery in Old City.

In regards to the food, awesome sandwiches.  I take friends there all the time to try what they have.  Now they go there all of the time.
Yes, the selection of beer at the Foodery is unparallelled.  They have, pretty much, everything.  They have delicious sandwiches and a bevy of other delightful little convenience items.  And the staff is cool.

The only problem (and the reason this review is 3 and not 5 stars): Get ready for $30 6 packs.  YIKES!!!  That'll wash that great imported beer taste out of your mouth!
Sooo cool! A TON of beer to choose from. There is no way they don't have your favorites, along with other exotic beers you've got to try just because you can. Great prices for typically expensive beers. Combining an extensive beer store and a place to sit and drink = pure genious. Nice staff. I can't complain about a damn thing!!
thank you foodery for being right around the corner....your sandwiches are delicious......your beers are tasty...and what a selection you have. friendly and helpful employees. 
i love this place.
(sandwich+beer+chips= around $16,   so bring some $$)
Too expensive for bottled beer. Period. You know the feeling...when you have to pay over $10 for crappy snackpack in the airplane because you're hungry and there's no other option? Foodery is exactly the snackpack in the airplane. This place is successful ONLY because PA is a God-forsaken place where they don't sell beer in regular grocery stores. Bottled beer doesn't last very long; and looking at the conditions on the beer bottles, I doubt that they refresh their beer stock every few months. No price tag on the beer is annoying like many people said here. Once I had to pay $35 for two big bottles. If I had known that and wasn't too chicken to say "hell, no...there's no way I'm paying that", I would have headed straight down to Monk's cafe and had some draft of fine trappist brews instead.
Overpriced. I really really really can't wait for the laws to change in Pennsylvania so I can be there when places like the Foodery fall flat on their asses. Take Plymouth Meeting Whole foods, for example. You can pick up a large bottle of Rodenbach Grand Cru for under 10 dollars. At the foodery, you'll pay almost $18..  Everywhere I travel (including Europe) I am reminded of the ass raping I get every time I buy beer in Philly. The Monopoly must and will end and I will happily be dancing on the ashes of the Foodery when it's over.
With a fairly unique service there isn't much competition. FOR PENNSYLVANIA the selection is above average. FOR PENNSYLVANIA the prices are fair. BUT! But  the Foodery is really not that impressive if you've been to states that have drive through daiquiri shops or states with coolers with bottles next to cases or countries that allow alcohol consumption at age 14. Until PA updates the alcohol law the Foodery will be the daisy among the thorns that is the embarrassingly confusing state of Pennsylvania.
Visiting from NYC, it was  difficult news to take when we found out that beer cannot be purchased from your local CVS. What the?! How do ya....Where do ya....What do ya.....WHY?!

But this way of purchasing beer is pretty awesome too. A shop with a great selection of beers--including some of my most obscure favorites, such as Lindemans Peche ( A fruity, crisp favorite that I drink when I'm attempting to drink beer like a lady...which is mostly never.) Pick up a cardboard six pack and mix and match , buy a case of assorted beer, or just pick up one or two beers for yourself. Pretty awesome place if you ask me. The workers were super friendly, though they were out of Bud Light, but I mean...who cares about that, when you've got literally 1000s of other choices? 
Thanks Foodery!
Best beer selection in the city! Wide range of locals, imports, and beers from around the country. Friendly and helpful staff. My wallet is in great danger because of the close proximity I live to this place. Besides the beer, they also carry great sandwiches and a lot of great handpicked snacks. I love picking up a mini cheese and grape plate to go with my beer.
I've been going to the Foodery on 10th & Pine for years. so when I heard they were making  BIGGER one I was beyond psyched. and this place definitely lives up to the anticipation.  it has all the beer of the other one, and then some! throw in the fact that they have the occasional weekend tasting and how can you go wrong?
and How can you beat picking up a sandwich at the deli, and then sitting down with a bottle of your favorite Belgian ale to go along with it. pure bliss!
Do you like having a ridiculous amount of options in front of you? If so, The Foodery is the best place for you to get your beer. They have 6-pack cartons so you can mix & match bottles to make your own variety pack. If you want to pick up a 30-pack of Miller or something, you should go somewhere else. They have Miller & PBR & whatnot, but really, why would you? If that stuff is your jam, go to a dirty hole in the wall where you can get it for super-cheap.
There is also food. Not like supermarket food, but a big selection of little snack things. There are also bottles of drinks that are not beer, like juice & lemonade & those Starbucks sugary caffeinated things if you're into that. There is also a deli, which is quality! They use fresh bread & produce & the sandwiches are cheap. You can get a breakfast sandwich for $2, which is amazing. There are also tables, so you can eat & drink all these things in there if you are so inclined. There is also ice cream. Ben & Jerry's selection in a case & pints of LITTLE BABY'S ICE CREAM behind the deli counter!! I. Love. That. Ice Cream. And this is one of the few places that sells Little Baby's pints. 7 stars.. No, all of the stars.
All of those things combined with the fact that they let me walk around in there with my dog as long as he doesn't try to eat anything at his eye level make this a frequent destination for me. It is in a pretty perfect location, close to Liberty Lands Park & The Orianna Hill Dog Park (both great places to have a beer outside) and a bunch of BYOB restaurants. Instead of just 5 stars, I would give this place a whole constellation of stars.
This Foodery rules.  They have so many different kinds of amazing beer.  They also do a lot of taste tests there.  There is an area for you to sit down and drink the beer you just purchased which makes it cheaper than going to a bar.  They also have pint glasses in there for you to drink out of.  It is so nice in there and the service is super friendly.  If I ever live in Northern Liberties I'd spend way too much money tasting all of their delicious beers.
great place to get beer- has a lot of selection and you can pick and choose your own six pack. good deli too.
Don't just come here for beer!  Come here for the sandwiches!  Unlike the beer, the sandwiches are totally reasonable in price.  The combinations are awesome and I have yet to have a sandwich I didn't like.  You won't be disappointed.  

Now, about the beer.  It's the best beer selection you will find in the city.  However, it's also the most expensive.  A 6-pack of decent beer should not cost more than $12-$15.  Here, it does.  Unfortunately, there are very few places in the city where you can actually just buy a six-pack.  Your choices are either single bottle shops (like Foodery), or the beer distributors and get a case.  

I give 4 stars for the sandwiches, other items, and beer selection.  -1 star for the beer prices.
I've only ever purchased beer from here, and it's bothered me to no end that they don't have prices listed. Well they do now! 

The staff has  always been helpful when needed, and friendly any time else.
This place really has it all.  They have over 800 beers and their staff is usually super friendly and real knowledgeable of their selection.  They also have a deli that offers cheap sandwiches and a seating area to hang out and eat.  They are definitely a bit pricey, though.
Same kind of vibe as Higher Grounds: nice place, good products, convenient location, ruined by the eye-popping attitude of the staff. Yes, as everyone knows, they have a great selection of beer, but at shamelessly-marked-up prices...  Like the notorious dickwad at Higher Grounds, the guys who work here set the benchmark for the "I'm-too-cool-to-give-a-fuck" hipster customer 'service' that's so pervasive in Northern Liberties. Funny that people mention how great the staff are....in the three years I lived in No Libs, I went here over a dozen times and never experienced anything but attitude and patronization from the staff. There were a couple times I went with a friend or two, friends who'd never been, and who'd only heard how 'great' this place is. I didn't stop them when they tried to engage one of the guys behind the counter, and I sat back and watched the "Uh....you really think you're cool enough to get me to talk to you...??..!!??" attitude get rubbed back in their face (while the door opened and a messy-haired power-hipster covered in tattoos waltzed in being greeted with lavish " 'sup dude? what's goin' on? how you been?" from the staff). Was in No Libs last night, and had no choice but to go here to get beer for a party....it'd been about a year, and nothing has changed. Career-hipters in front of me in line talked to the guy at the counter for almost a full minute after they'd finished paying, while the line piled up. When their important conversation ended, I still said hello to the guy working, got no response, guy rang me up, I said thanks, he says 'next in line...'. Like I've said in other reviews, don't pay people to shove an attitude in your face, especially when their products are already obnoxiously-overpriced
Ode to a gourmet convenience store:

Ahh foodery you wreck me. So many good things, so little money. Indie domestic beers, german beers, belgian beers, in row after row of malted/hoppy goodness. You're sandwiches made fresh on the spot are delightful. Your salsa is hot and spicy.  Your chips are natural and delicious. Your ice cream bars are tasty and full of chocolaty/creamy goodness.  It is but the bill that is frightful.
Okay, I've only been once, but I think I'm in love. I could easily spend an hour surveying the cases, reading the names of obscure beers, examining their labels, carefully crafting the perfect six pack. Then I could grab a delicious, inexpensive veggie sandwich and sit down to pass a Saturday afternoon with a friend enjoying good food, good drinks, and some crossword puzzles. Oh wait, that's exactly what I did. 
I'm not going to complain about the prices- it's worth the money to sample new and exciting beers- but it would be helpful if they were at least posted somewhere, so you had some idea how much that tasty, tasty nectar was going to cost.
Ah, the flaws of attraction. Your deep selection of beers from "around the world" first caught my attention. Then I hear of your late hours on Friday and Saturday. Could this place possibly give me yet another reason to visit? 

I can't balk at their prices because they have a hefty rent factor being nestled right in the heart of the hipster-infused Northern Liberties. After all, if you're looking for cheap drinks you'd go to Jersey. What really gets me about this place is the self-proclaimed "upscale market" classification. Really? You're not in Society Hill people, get over it. Also, why the heck don't you accept AMEX??? 

The Foodery has a lot going for it. Namely, a selection of individual bottles you can't find anywhere in the city. Unfortunately, I'm taking my business elsewhere.
The Foodery and I have some sort of weird relationship.  It's beer is of a wonderful, varied selection and the food is really good but then you get to the counter and that's where it goes downhill.  

First, you encounter the dead-eyed dude who rings you up.  It's almost as if you personally woke him out of bed, dressed him quickly, drove him to the store and made him ring up your beer order at 3am.  That's about how pleasant/attentive most of the help is here.  

When the attendant does mumble out the price, you may just have the urge to check the paper to see if prohibition was re-enacted and if so agree the rightly justified prices at the Foodery.  Trust me, it hasn't.  The Foodery just charges an obscene amount for beer that you can get at a distributor for half the price.  

But that's the price you pay for convenience, selection, and the fact that our state was formed by quakers and maintained by racketeering jerks.
I stopped in to this bottle house briefly on someone's errands, and it was quite the first experience. I will need to go back and spend about 40 minutes absorbing the situation.

Huge selection of unique domestics and rare internationals, varying sizes, plethora of tastes. 800+ bottles such as Russian River and Infinium. Very pricey, though... don't stop in for something you could find somewhere else, because chances are it's way overpriced here. IS recommended for trying something new, or looking for a rare gift.
Im really surprised at some of the reviews of this place. Are the beers kind of expensive? Yes. But unless you're just getting a 6 of Miller Lite, they're worth it (try the black currant hard cider - amazing).

The employees have never been anything less than kind, even when they have a huge crowd. They seem like they actually have fun at work, which is awesome.

They just have basic sandwiches, but everything is super fresh. I would go here over Wawa's pre-formed gelatinous coldcuts any day! Their reaction to my superweird sandwich request was the best: "Alright! That sounds awesome!" (PS: its turkey, cream cheese, romaine and honey mustard on sourdough or whole grain. Its amazing.)

My only small request is prices on the beers, please! I never have any idea how much a mixed six is going to cost.
Ok, so let me break it down.

The Foodery is super sweet because:
- it's only two blocks from my house
- the Pennsylvania buying cases only crap is so effin' annoying
- a 6 pack fits in my fridge and leaves space for groceries (yeah huge stupid case, let me see you do that)
- you can mix and match whatever you want and create your own broken 6
- the selection is overwhelming; you could try something new every time you go
- the deli is super convenient when you need a quick lunch
- it's always super clean

The Foodery sucks because:
- everything is jacked up in price; you're paying for convenience
- the checkout line on a Friday night at 9-10pm can take foreverrrr
- the selection is overwhelming; it takes me at least 10 mins to make a decision

I'd say the Pros outweigh the Cons.
Went into the foodery to get a snack and saw their amazing beer selection. I picked out a few beers and made a 6 pack. Now, should I have looked at the price? Yes. However I've been to wegmans countless time where they do the assorted 6 pack for 12 bucks, and a few other places similar. When I got to my register the 6 pack rang up as $38. Absolutely ridiculous. Will never go back. Cheaper to drink at the bar.
Be prepared to feel like a kid in a candy store!

I come here every once in awhile, and am always overwhelmed by their selection. A mixed six packed or two can make for a great evening. (And present, I bought one for my roommate's boyfriend's bday one year.) 

Staff is friendly and helpful, and they do have a deli for light food. 
Note, they do not post prices on the beers, or in the fridge--you must look it up in the manifest, so you may be surprised at the price when you get to the register. --Just put one back or swap it out for something cheaper ;)
For the first time I actually got a sandwich here today...The son of the Diablo, with smoked turkey, pepperjack cheese, bacon, and spicy mayo. It was pretty darn good. If you like an extensive choice of belgian beers, and just about any other damn beer you can think of come here. But take my warning: prices can be a bit steep! I guess that's what one can expect for such a great selection...
Being close to a friends flat, We ventured here often and I have missed it sense he moved.  I love my beer and this place definitely quench my thirst for new tasty goodness.  BUT, Im not here to review their 3 towering walls of water, malt, hops, and yeast or their selection of healthy snacks,  for what i remember mostly veggietarian.  Im here to tell you all about their great sandwich center hidden in the corner, beggin for a second look.  These tasty creations are served to U by a very courteous gent.   My fav: S2 Maple Honey Turkey & Cream Cheese: sourdough bread with the cucumber crunch and their cold cuts stacked between.  These sandwiches tackled my hunger every time.  
So...  Yes, the beer is expensive. Yes, the staff could be way more considerate when asked questions.  But if you want a quick stop where you can put down a great beer and fill your belly.  The Foodery will never fail.
If the words Hitachino or Tsing Tao resonate with you, then the Foodery is a great pick.  $30 for a six-pack? Indeed.  However, with a 9% alcohol volume, it won't be an issue.
Now that I think about it, why is it called "Foodery" when I'm (and most of Philadelphia) only going in there for the beer? Maybe a quick snack too, but only while I wait in line to pay because that's when impulse purchases attack.

This Foodery location kicks ass - except its WAAAAAY too far away from my apartment. It's BIG, carries far more beer than their Pine Street location, has a deli counter, and more importantly has tables with chairs where one can sit, talk, and drink. Drink delicious beer amongst fellow beer lovers and then decide its a good idea to buy MORE beer. And drink it. Then get more to bring home, since you also drink beer there. Genius.

For whatever reason, only this location has Doc's Draft in stock (WHY?!) so I always get tempted to stock up on that, but they always have plenty of seasonals and rare bottles in stock - including one that I had on draft at Monk's Cafe that's amazing and really hard to find. I won't tell you which one because I want it all for myself :P My only gripe (which is always the same) are PA's stupid laws and the prices that go along with them. Beer is expensive. But I still drink it, so I'm still gonna buy it. 

But they need to get an electronic version of that price list in there STAT since I couldn't find a bottle listed that I really wanted to try, but not without knowing what kind of financial sacrifice I might've had to make. That bottle is still there...taunting me...
There's another great location of this store that's been reviewed on yelp already. I was bumming with some friends in the NoLi's area and stopped in to stock up for an evening of merrimaking. all i can say is that if you enjoy beer for more than just its alcohol content, you MUST check out this place. they have a robust selection of what i would consider "interesting, exotic, and just plain awesome beers from around the world."

on top of that, the guys behind the counter were very helpful and knowledgable. even more impressive was the computer for browsing beer lists to find that perfect brew for you, or just get info on any kind of beer you can think of.

for the reading public's interest, my mix-a-six contained two magic hats (#9 & fat angel) and four japanese/chinese brews chosen for their totally insane labels (dragons, dancing ladies, etc.) hidden in those four was a buckwheat brew to DIE for. and that's my two cents.
The Foodery is like that snobby waiter with an arrogant ego but you still feel the need to figure out..

Pricey. Very pricey. Yet, they DO in fact have a rather fabulous beer selection..although it seems the magic number here is $10..how does anything I end up purchasing equal $10?

Again..like that arrogant waiter..this place is ridiculously overpriced..but it's still just so COOL!
rows and rows of cold cases of rare beers.....even if you don't like beer, its worth the trip to view the nifty labels of said rare beers.....

pricey beer and probably not worth it if you are going to be buying the usual philly finds.....but if you are looking for something new and different, then this is your place....

I dream of going back, but fear my lack of self control will force me to become an addict of snooty beers.....
The Foodery is just down the street from me.  I literally feel like a kid in a candy store whenever I walk in!  The selection is amazing, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and they also make great sandwiches.  Another plus is that you can drink right in the store.  Awesome.
this place is pretty sweet...it has boar's head  which make coldcut snobs like me happy and beer!....not just the regular boring stuff...but a plethora that's righ a plethora of  hop and barley creations from all over  the world... for example if u want a  chocolate stout brewed in beligum by a one eye chinese muslim monk w/ a pet monkey.. the Foodery prob has it.... i like grabbing a 6 pack of random beers i have never tasted before when i go to a byob or watch a game...though some of them can be a bit $ one beer cost me 10 bucks... and if u r looking for a 30 pack or case   take a cab to jersey and go to canals it prob will be cheaper
Thank goodness I don't live near here because the shear amount of time I could spend in the beer section alone would keep me from doing anything productive.  I came over here to make a quick six to drink while watching the game over at the piazza and spent way too much time drooling over their selection.  An amazing amount of singles to choose from and styles from various breweries make this place great to expand your palate and empty your wallet!
Excellent beer selection!  They even had Bell's, a Michigan beer which I've missed a bit since moving to Philly.  They are a bit pricey, and most things don't have prices so the trip the register can be a bit surprising.  The food looks good too, but I have yet to try it.
The Foodery is not to be undersold. Far more than a happening neighborhood sandwich spot and convenience store, there's a reason why I call this place the "Beer Library of Philadelphia."

Craft beers abound, including cider and some gluten free options, adorn the 6-8 coolers of this place. They have your mainstream fare: Blue Moon, Heineken, PBR, if that's your thing. If it's not, you always know you can grab a fancy 12 oz or even a 22 for far less than your local bar. You can even mix a 6 pack for a 10% discount. More expensive than a case of Lionshead, sure, but it's a great way to try something new. They also have free tastings on most Thursdays, and sometimes promotions are had as a result.

Ah yes, the sammies. The grillmeister here makes a mean panini or cold sandwich. My favorite is their Son of Diablo (not to be confused with the equally excellent El Diablo) which is a chipotle-mayo smothered delicacy of turkey, tomato, melted cheese and, of course, tasty bacon.

The staff are helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable. On one occasion I asked, "What's good here? What can I try that's different?" and the gentleman on duty was more than happy to give me some options I wouldn't have considered. On another I bought a gift box for my brother and, although they did not have gift wrap, the fellow working was nice enough to help me cover it in Citypapers.

Finally, if you're just looking for a place to grab a Mexican Coke or a bag of Pirate Booty, they have you covered there, too. The Foodery has it all, and then some.
When the Foodery was the only option for AMAZING takeaway beers it was like a godsend, even when the only location was super inconvenient (the 10th Street jawn). When the 2nd Street location appeared it was really lovely to have it as an option for a mix-a-six, or to grab a big bottle for a byo restaurant. Somehow I'd always manage to spend almost $25 per six pack and I'd always joke that I had expensive taste. 

Fast forward to now, when we have options- Wegman's, Beer Heaven, Bottle Bar, etc. and that's when I realize that my taste is still a little expensive, but not as much as The Foodery would like me to think. It is kind of ridiculous how much they charge for certain beers in comparison to other places, and that is why people get annoyed with them. The other reason is the lack of pricing. It is always a shock once you get to the register. I usually try to have them price it beforehand, or consult the binder that is either wrong, or doesn't have half the bottles listed for which I'm looking.  Put your prices in the damn case! I see the same bottles over and over again so I know this is possible.  

I would give Foodery two stars for the price gauging, but they also have a deli, and I am a sucker for sandwiches. You can build your own sandwich and pair it with a lovely bag of chips and other fun snacks that they sell. I usually opt for a swiss, avocado, lettuce, tomato, pickle and mayo sandwich and they have always been delicious. You can also sit in and drink one of your stupidly expensive beers while noshing on your reasonably priced delicious hoagie. 

I'm hoping that all of the competition will force The Foodery to stop being so greedy, or at least to be honest about it with more apparent pricing.
You'll need an adequate amount of time to spare if you're going to stop by The Foodery. I don't know how anyone could walk in and walk out in under 10 minutes. Half the fun is just looking at the labels of bottles from various breweries. I almost found myself choosing my beer based on which ones had the best labels. I've chosen books like that, and it never works out very well. 

I love any place that offers DIY 6-packs. I also love that their selection is pretty comprehensive, featuring some of the best beers that our city, country, and globe has to offer. The guys behind the counter were friendly and didn't look at me like some damsel in distress when I asked their advice on certain bottles. 

As previous reviews have stated, if you want to avoid sticker shock, look up the individual beer prices in the manifest or you might find yourself with a hefty bill. I spent $50 on 12 bottles (an assortment of Young's Chocolate Stout, Schneider Weiss, Allagash, Monk's, and Stoudt's). 

You're sure to be the hit of any party, especially if other people have brought anything closely resembling Bud Light. Me? I prefer to relax and have a night in with my special purchases and a friend or two. 

I was so enamored with the beer selection that I barely glanced at the rest of the store, so that's on my agenda for next time.
Ah yes - The Foodery. I have spent wayyy too much time and money here over the past few years. I wish there were more places like the Foodery in Philly - places where you can grab singles of various imported, regional and hometown brews and walk two blocks to a nice park. I don't really care about the food and can't speak to it, but the beer selection is fantastic. The staff is friendly and helpful. Complain about the prices if you must but it's still going to cost you less than getting the same drinks at a bar...Also, The bathrooms are spacious and clean. 

(Don't read too far into that last bit)
Great selection of craft beer--chilled which is a plus-- but is kinda expensive. They have empty 6 pack holders available for you to build your own six pack. Great for craft beer lovers
As much as I'd like to praise this place because of their fantastic beer selection and delicious sandwiches-- I've been disappointed too many times.  It's ALWAYS the tall skinny guy who never gives me the correct change.  By the time I'm gonna say something, he quickly starts ringing up the person behind me.  It's expensive enough, I don't need an employee ripping me off.  I don't understand why he constantly makes this mistake.  Does he count the drawer at the end of the night and keep the extra $$?!  Maybe no one is putting money in his "tip" glass so he needs to steal it.  
I was hoping that things would change because of the new system, but I guess not. Customers should pay attention to the amount they're "not" getting back.
I'm trying to make sure every time I go to a new city, I visit a beer shop. On the way to see Stevie Wonder, my friend said this was the place. It was. 

Huge beer selection, almost entirely in the fridge. This is dangerous because you will buy beer you've never heard of and you will happy for it. Definitely a place to stop by on the way to or from anywhere.
A staple in every one of my visits to Philly, they have a huge selection of excellent Belgians, Germans and local. Pack your own 6 or select singles, have a sandwich made at the attached deli counter, then sit down in their self seating area and enjoy. Prices are the only drawback...they are steep! However, they often have faves that can't be found elsewhere, including Aventinus Eisbock and JW Lees Cask conditioned harvest ales...yum. Time to go visit my brother...
The beer selection is phenomenal!  I haven't tried the deli, but will soon.  They have coolers of all different imports and a fantastic variety of American microbrews all of which come in a variety of sizes.  

I found an assortment of beers that I had never heard of, but am anxious to try.  Also, I recommend Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale, it has just tied my first favorite beer (tying Smithwicks).  

The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly, I will be back.
Foods good. Beer is good. 
Too bad every employee there is a knuckle head.  They all walk around with their mouths wide open and their noses up in the air.  Its actually more offensive then anything.
If you're looking for sophisticated suds that you can take home to enjoy by your shut-in self, or bring to rescue a party with your heroic, good taste. This is the place.

Pros
-Truly amazing selection - local, domestic, international, extra-MF'in-terrestrial
-DIY Six Packs (or more, really...)

Cons
-Gets a bit pricey
-Sneaky tactics what without putting prices on the individual beers and then you're kind of on the spot when charged with a custom sixer in the $35 range. Buy hey, you've got great taste and don't want anyone to see you sweat with sticker-shock or know the real you is a cheapskate, so you pay up and The Foodery Wins (but so do you because the beer is great).
I visited the Foodery in NoLibs...and had a sandwich.  That for me is as good as it gets.  There was a sign at the deli that they had gluten-free flatbread, so I gave it a whirl, and I had an amazing S7-Diablo!  I might be a little biased since it has been a while since I ate a deli-quality sandwich like this on flatbread.  They get the bread at Reading Terminal, and it was thin - let the sandwich speak for itself instead of taking it over...so good.

So here was my Diablo - "buffalo" chicken (not breaded, it was thinly sliced like cold cuts), monterey jack, avocado, green pepper, chipotle mayo.  It certainly lived up to its name - it was HOT - but SO GOOD!  I got a bag of Dirty Chips and a Half n Half, and I was SET with a delicious and filling lunch just short of $10.  It was so good, I inhaled it instantly.

Foodery has a unique selection of beers that in this liquor-control state is hard to come by.  I will definitely be back for the deli and brewskies!
As other users said this is an UPSCALE corner store/deli.  

They have a great concept for buying beer in PA and their selection is unmatched in the city.  Don't go in here trying to find a bargain though, a 6 pack of hand chosen beer can cost anywhere from $15-$30.  They have a deli stocked with Boar's Head meats and a small selection of pre-packed goods, Asian candies , chips, and other small snacks.  

Overall this is a great place to find a good bottle of beer, but just be ready to spend a few $$$.
They literally have less and less to offer every time we come. They don't restock anything and told us they "don't do salads anymore?"Like come on. The lady behind the counter is also so unfriendly, it's ashame. I've been to some of the other Foodery's and have had great experiences! But so will not be coming back to this one anymore.
There is such a large assortment of beers as well as sandwiches -- it's the perfect combination! The staff are all so helpful and kind. There is also such a large variety of snacks that are difficult to find anywhere else! The food and customer service is so great!
The Foodery rules! They have an amazing beer selection. Last night I purchased a 6 pack of Ballast Point Grapefruit sculpin and Abita purple haze, it came to around $23 so it's a little pricey, but totally worth it! They give 10% off each bottle in a six mix of your choice. 

The food is also awesome! Great for breakfast and lunch. You can order a sandwich and get a beer, sit down and enjoy-- this place is a really unique spot with a delicious selection of beer and food, I highly recommend stopping by!
We stopped in for a beer but saw they had a Northern Liberties cheesesteak.  We got to Northern Liberties cheesesteak.  Spoiler alert: it is a roast beef panini.  It is a good roast beef panini.  Nice place.  Very helpful people.  Huge Beer selection.  $7.  There are a lot of reasons to love the Foodery in Northern Liberties.
Still the best place to get a deli sandwich, a great beer from the cooler, sit down and have lunch; however, they've jacked the prices a bit and replaced their best beer selection (harvest ales, barley wines, cask conditioned strong ales) with large format 2nd tier micros. The coolers still stretch the length of the store, so you will find something awesome...its just not the bargain of the century it used to be. I still got my sandwich and bottle of Eisbock...come on!
I've heard that this place is overpriced, but I can't complain when I can get a six-pack of craft beer for $16 - which is $2.66 per beer - when the average rate per 12 oz glass at local bars for the same stuff is $6 per beer. 

The sandwiches and hoagies are yummy. I love going here for lunch.

It's awesome that they're open late on weekends - it's nice not go have to go into a bar for beer-to-go late at night. 

One thing I would recommend is that they update their website more frequently. It's December 31st and the site says they still have pumpkin beer, which was off their shelves a few days after Halloween. 

I will praise the fact that they do update the site frequently enough to put up the seasonal arrivals on a seperate page. I knew I wanted a seasonal beer going in today and I was able to google beer descriptions before arriving.

The staff is helpful and knowledgable if you have questions. Once I went in and a staff member gladly recommended various stouts to me when I asked for something similar to a beer I had the night before. They are also nice enough to look up prices, which is nice, but I'm not sure why the prices aren't marked anywhere on the shelves. 

I would also recommend the staff smiles more. They're helpful but not super friendly. 

Overall, I'm a fan and I would recommend this little market to anyone looking to try different beer or in need of a good sandwich.
Best BEER shop in Philly, hands down!

The selection is amazing - if they do not have it - Philly doesn't get it.

The prices are fair - on the high side, but you can't get the better beer anywhere else.

The staff is knowledge and happy to recommend new beers.

Recommended!
Not totally impressed with the service here, but as with all the other Fooderies, I really enjoy their grocery and beer offerings.
Three words: Bottle shop extraordinaire. 

You like beer. You go out and do your rounds. You sample all the latest seasonal brews or just find something new on tap from one of your favorite breweries, perhaps you've even indulged in a firkin or two along the way. 

Sometimes you want (need) some of that same sort of goodness at home in your fridge. It is times like those when you need to go to the Foodery. 

I've frequented both locations. I tend to like the NoLibs one better - it's bigger, offers food and has tables (...and is mere steps from the Standard Tap's door!). However, the 10th Street location is every bit as bountiful and necessary for logistical purposes.

Scarcity and quality are dubious things & price is relative. No, this is not the everyman's bottle shop. Realistically, those who appreciate this quality and selection of beer will not be surprised by the prices. There's no place I am happier to spend $30.00 for a six pack. 

Simply stated, places like the Foodery make Philly a better city.
Oh hey, they finally posted prices! High five, plus one star.

It's always seemed easy to "meh" the Foodery because the prices have always been a little off. But the employees are always very nice and it would be sorely missed in Northern Libs if it ever disappeared. It's a staple. I've had some very interesting evenings here. Fresh sammiches, beers of every imaginable kind, and they don't mind when I bring my silly dog in to hang out. Good place to meet up with a bunch of people on a weekday or just stop by to grab a bottle of some esoteric brew with which to impress some fly honey.
The sandwiches and salads here are A+++++! They are always super fresh and filling. I really enjoyed the conveinence of this place when I used to live in the neighborhood. They also have a really extensive selection of snacks, perfect for stopping in before heading over to a party so you dont show up empty handed.
I mean The Foodery is great, especially for us Pennsylvania residents who get screwed by liquor laws.  The selection is great, the selection is expensive.  If you want good beers sometimes you have to pay for them- its a shame I know.  But sometimes you just gotta splurge when it comes to your taste buds, and many people with well developed buds who crave dark malted hops know this and are willing to pay.

One small and strange gripe.  Whats up with the staff that works here.  All really angry unfriendly dudes who seem pissed to work at the coolest beer shop in town.  Whats up with that that- hire me, I'll talk beer all day with anybody that cares to listen.  The one girl there is tall and cute and nice to boot. Do what you gotta do.
I was in Philly a while back to cheer my girlfriend on as she ran the marathon, eat cheesesteaks and pat myself on the back for being born and raised in NYC.

After the race itself, we headed to Standard Tap in Nothern Liberties to drink and have some lunch. The neighborhood  kinda reminded me of what Williamsburg, Brooklyn would look like in the mind's eye of a hollywood set designer. Which isn't a diss, per se - just an observation. We're going with observational humor in this review, BTW.

Like many other people mentioned, the Foodery caught my eye due to the beer selection as seen through the glass windows. And I was fucking thrilled to finally find what seemed to be a normal beer store. I had been deeply troubled the entire time I was in Philly by the sheer impossibility of finding and purchasing beer to drink. I like to drink beer, you see. And sometimes I'll want to drink it in the privacy of my hotel room. The network of large distributors selling alcohol, while corner delis are left to peddle cheesesteaks and 7-11 and Wa-Wa are limited to selling cancer causing hot dogs makes no sense to me whatsoever and it doesn't seem like it benefits the average resident either.

Aparently the state of Pennsylvania has a monopoly on selling alcohol and in this case it is big government at its inefficient worst. When it is literally easier to purchase a live chicken than a six-pack of beer something must be done. I'll repeat that for those of you who are a bit slow on the uptake - it is easier to buy a live chicken than a six-pack of beer. Get your shit together. It's 2011. For real.

Anyway, I'm giving this spot 3 stars because the beer selection was pretty incredible and they had a number of beers I had never seen or heard of, and I see and hear a lot of beers. The prices were fairly reasonable, i.e. expensive but not crippling, however two of the beers (both picked out by my GF) were upwards of 8$ for a 12 oz bottle. That's way more than I would ever pay on general principal. But since my girl just ran a marathon, it seemed like the least I could do was buy some expensive beers and then drop subtle hints at their great cost. The staff mentioned the prices of the two really expensive beers to me before they rang them up, which I appreciated. That way I wouldnt have had to feel poor and run back to replace them with people waiting behind me if they were beyond my means, as they say. That said, would it kill you to put pricetags on the beers? You know, for people who factor cost into their purchasing decisions.  

I found the staff to be friendly and engaging. I didn't particularly want to make friends or be engaged, but a lot of people just love to speak to people in places of business and I suppose its best if the staff is helpful. Maybe I didn't deal with the 35 year old with the art degree mentioned below? Either way, I'm sure this is the type of store which attracts high maintanance customers who ask a lot of stupid unanswerable questions. "Whats the best beer to drink if my cat died yesterday?" Yeah, you got to be rude to idiots. Otherwise you'll spend all day listening to their bullshit.

In addition to the multiple coolers of beer there was also a deli counter and maybe they sold expensive chocolates? It seemed there was an option to drink your beer in the store, which on a different day would have been nice. My only experience drinking in the store is in this deli on 55th street in the Manhattan and the Foodery is a decidely classier option.
This is such an awesome concept. Brilliant & vast beer selection, domestic & imported. Great snacks! .75 Cent pretzels on the way out? Yes please! More places need to embrace the "build your own 6 pack". I got Innis & Gunn from Scottland, St. Bernardus from Belgium & Left Hand Brewing Co.  from Colorado ... Winning!!
I love this place and I wish I lived closer. They have great sandwiches for good prices. I adore the son of diablo! It's kinda spicy, but not too much for me.

As other reviewers have said, they have an amazing selection of beers and other beverages. They also have great beer tastings frequently. I enjoy hanging out, having a few beers.  A really nice place, with an inviting environment.
Welcome to beer heaven! Great variety of beers available and some decent food too. There's a deli on site as well as regular convenience store type food. 

Prices here are a little high but it's the most convenient place in the area if you want to buy just a single bottle of distinct beer...or even create your own six pack! Hey...it's nice to splurge sometimes :) Treat yourself one day and check this place out.
I went to the Foodery for a happy hour with coworkers and was impressed by the layout of the restaurant and the extremely large selection of beers. There is a long wall along the whole restaurant stocked with a large variety of beers and a few wines. They have a inexpensive snack menu which includes sliders, wings, fries, just to name a few of their items. The interior is very spacious with seating for both small and large groups as well.
