This review is going to reflect my overall experience with eating at Cheesecake Factory Restaurants in Five States. 

I always told my daughter when I die sprinkle my ashes over the Cheesecake Factory. Particularly the one at the Sawgrass Mills Mall. After living in NYC with the many food establishments I am no longer as fond of the high priced National Chain Restaurants. One exception being The Cheesecake Factory! After all it's all about the CHEESECAKE! 

Remember these are my overall experience. 
1. Employees are well trained and happy to work here. 
2. They have the most food selections on their enormous menu than any place except a NYC Diner. 
3. The portions are enough to take home for a second meal. 
4. The Cheesecake is just the way I like it. It's lighter or heavy depending on the flavor you selected. Speaking of flavors, lots to choose between. I've got many favorites. 
5. Price remains comparable no matter what location you visit. I never felt I was overcharged for the meal. 
6. Service is always timely and food prepared correctly. One exception being newly opened locations that are going through a learning process! Naturally I had that problem in our NYC location. 
7. The atmosphere is pretty much the same at each location. I find it relaxing with mellow colors. I like the color palette. Bathrooms are always clean. There's a modern trendy feel to the restaurant. A bar area in case you want to drink and meet friends. 

So there you have it. This visit was Cheesecake Slices to go. We ate in our hotel. Nothing out of the ordinary. Another Cheesecake Factory Visit. Thanks Philadelphia!
At Cheesecake Factory...

And I keep asking myself, why I'm here? and why anyone would want to come here. 

If you are planning on going, I've got you covered:
- Grumpy, unsmiling staff, including the host!
- inattentive , slow, and totally uninformed waitress. P.s: she was friendly thou.
- No prices on cocktail menu. 
- Dirty silverware!!!
- Mediocre mango key lime cheesecake.
- I don't understand why it was so difficult to split the check. 

One and half Yelps is two generous!
This place is a waste for its prime location. No prices on cocktail or draft beers, cheesecake menu.. ok so should we all be pretentious and pay for things we don't know the prices of? 
Therefore I asked how much the PASSIONFRUIT mojito is, she said "I believe it's around $11"... 
im sorry... I believe? That could mean a lot of things. I don't want to order a drink and get a check of a cocktail for $14. If I wanted that I could go to Rumor. 
After I asked for the cocktail price.. the waitress gave me a disdained look and never came back! Didn't even look at my friend and I again. Ok so I guess she assumed that we were poor cuz we asked the price of a mojito. After literally 15  minutes of no service, no water (cricket).. we LEFT. So I don't do this a lot, reviewing without trying the food. But here it is! My first and last Cheesecake Factory visit.
As ya'll know, I had a bad chicken casear salad from here last week, which I have to say in retrospect was an isolated incident because I went yesterday for Happy Hour and the food and drinks were AMAZING as usual! I normally only get cheesecake while i;m here but the adventurous side of me said "bruh, lets get some carrotcake". 
And lemme tell ya...the Carrotcake was arguably the best I've had. I've had some good carrotcake in my short life, but the cheescake factory carrot cake was HUGE and very moist! Well worth the $8 value! 

The Nachos are really...really..really good, too. It's usually all I can handle unless i'm sharing some with my greedy friends, i mean hungry friends. I'm actually going to attempt to try the chicken casear salad again because I'm confident it was a one-time thang. 

Thangs happen, yanno??
Whenever I think of the Cheesecake Factory, Vince Young always comes to mind. As his dumpster fire of an NFL career was coming to an end circa 2012, reports began to surface that the former Eagles QB and third overall pick of the 2006 NFL draft was known to spend upwards of $5,000 per week at the Cheesecake Factory.

I know NFL players enjoy the lavish lifestyle, but come on, $5,000 per week at the CHEESECAKE FACTORY? You're a millionaire. Treat yourself. That's like if I went out tonight and spent $200 at Taco Bell (I've come close). 

Sources now say Vince Young is now working at an undisclosed Cheesecake Factory location as a short order line cook. Get 'em, Vince!

This was my first visit to a Cheesecake Factory. Not sure how I was able to avoid them for this long. You know, there's a lot to like about this place. The dining room is pretty darn impressive. Lots of head room. 

Pressed for time, my buddies and I opted to sit at the bar rather than wait for a table. Service was friendly, though not the most attentive. As a fairly outgoing group, we were able to get the attention of the bartenders. But I noticed a lot of quiet couples around us being completely neglected. This was actually making ME feel a little awkward, so I made it a point to tell the bartender not to focus solely on my group and to help the other people standing around. Not sure why this was necessary ... you'd think they would do this on their own.

Food portions are HUGE! Has anyone else ever ordered the chicken fingers here? You seriously get like two pounds of chicken and another half pound of mashed potatoes. Seriously. It's obscene. In a good way, of course.

Would I come back? Sure. I love riding escalators to the main dining room. I don't get to do that much here in Reading. Weeeeee!
My first bad review in a while....soley based on the grilled chicken casear salad.

Dear Cheesscake factory, WTF???

This was literally thee worst chicken casear salad ive ever seen and for $15 bucks!?!? Are you kidding me??? Literally 4 little ass strips of chicken laid over a pathetic bed of depressed lettuce. I think i found 4 croutons too. Its like someone in the back had a bad day and decided to give me a shitty salad. I've never been so pissed about my food. 

AND I DIDNT EVEN GET A KNIFE AND FORK IN THE BAG!! WTF!?!? SHOULD I EAT WITH MY HANDS!?  I'm only gonna go there for happy hour at 5 since most food and drinks are half off at the bar, but I coulda went to phuckin WAWA and got a better salad for half the price!! WAWA!!  I could went to the papi store in the hood and got a better salad. Like seriously i almost called the manager but theyre lucky i had to go back to work...AND THAT'S WHERE I'M GONNA GO. UGH.
This was my 1st time EVER trying the Cheesecake Factory in general. The one in Queens, New York is always packed and has a long wait. My friends told me that the one in Long Island, New York was the same thing. We found this place randomly while walking around looking for a place to eat for dinner. The place here is HUGE and we were seated right away. I'm not sure if people were away for the long July 4th weekend, but I was surprised that the place wasn't crowded.

Many of the entree options are 1,500+ calories! I'm not surprised because I have heard on the news before that entrees at Cheesecake Factory have high calorie count. We ordered our entrees from the SkinnyLicious Menu. I opted for the Lemon-Garlic Shrimp and it comes with Angel Hair pasta. It was delicious and the shrimp tasted pretty fresh. The food portions were just right and I wasn't overly stuffed.

Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. She was happy to fulfill our requests. Our utensils and my napkin cloth were slightly dirty in the beginning and she got replacements for us. She checked up on us often to see if we needed anything else too.

We didn't eat cheesecake here since we were full. Maybe next time we'll leave some room for dessert.
I came here on a Saturday afternoon with a fairly big party of mainly teenage girls. They were done rehearsals and gearing up for a performance in a few hours. Cheesecake Factory with their large menu and portions is a good pick because everyone can find something they like... Since it was lunch time we could order the lunch portions and go easy on the pockets. 
I'd never been to this location.. So one thing I will say is coming in and seeing the hostess stand on the first floor with no one standing there threw us off a bit, sent one of the girls up on the elevator and she ushered us to come up... As we rode up, we saw the hustle a bustle that is Cheesecake Factory. They didn't at all seem annoyed or flustered when we told them party of 10... Within about 10 minutes we were seated. We had one waitress that took care of us.. I like that a lot better than having 2 for either side of the table, and she did an awesome job keeping everything straight. We all pretty much knew what we wanted since we needed time for food to digest and settle prior to show time that was one of the requirements, lol know what u want and no dessert. I hated the no dessert rule after all it was Cheesecake Factory, but hey the food was filling. 

I ordered the salmon off of the gluten free menu, swapped the broccoli for asparagus, so glad I made that choice, I must say some of the best asparagus I've had in a long time. The meal as a whole was considerably better than any of the cheesecake factory's I have been to. There is one 5 minutes from me that I usually end up at, but this one put them to shame. I'm definitely a fan, I usually end up here for convenience rather than choice, but this location is awesome. There was a slight mishap where when two of the girls ordered pasta with red sauce they were asked if they wanted tomatoes, so given the choice they said no, but it came out with tomatoes, when they questioned it, our waitress took it back but then came back saying that's just how it comes.. She apologized, knowing she had asked them, the girls were fine, pushed them to the side and still enjoyed the meal, overall it was a great meal, everyone enjoyed, it wasn't dragged out or we weren't rushed, it was a success!
Take-out only review.

One of my friends was in from out of town and was craving cheesecake. We walked a couple blocks over, took the elevator upstairs and were greeted by a hangry mob.

Well, basically. It was midday on a Saturday and this place was bursting at the seams with people waiting for tables. Originally we planned to eat-in until we heard about the crazy wait time. No thanks.

Fortunately, they do have a to-go counter. While the process of ordering was a bit unorganized and the staff unfriendly, we were able to snag our cheesecake slices and leave within about 10 minutes.

I ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough, and it was pretty darn good. I don't want to consider the calorie count on that thing...but if you're in the mood for an extra sweet snack, you could very well visit this accessible spot.

Of course, there's also the option of stopping in one of the local haunts, where you're likely to find stellar fare at better prices. But that's just the anti-chain snob in me speaking!
I like the Cheesecake Factory on the simple fact alone is that they have many OPTIONS - the menu is extensive and that will usually meet everyone's needs.  I am typically not a chain restaurant visitor, but when in a group or family outings - I go with the flow of the group!  In this case, if I am going to indulge - at least I can have a nice view and beautiful decor to enjoy my experience.  This location of the Cheesecake Factor has the views and decor in Spades!  

I was with a few folks on this visit and we decided to dine on appetizers and drinks and of course the "cheesecake" to finish the night!  We had the Edamame, Dynamite Shrimp, Everything Pizza & Buffalo Wings.  We also ordered the Calamari - but it was overcooked - so we sent it back without any issue from our great waiter "Chris".  

Chris was awesome - he was attentive and made our experience enjoyable.  I feel this is a great location and if you are in the area - if nothing else - go get some darn cheese - our choice for the meal was "Red Velvet Cheesecake" and the take home choice was "Key Lime Cheesecake" - Yummy!
I had a really delicious cheesecake! Yup Imma sucka for sweets and I only came to the cheesecake factory to try their famous cheesecake.

The cheesecake factory is known for their many varieties of cheesecake, they have red velvet, salted caramel, oreo, tiramisu, key lime, they have it all. On that particular day I decided to try their cinnabun flavor.

The cheesecake was good, I give it a 7 out of 10. If the texture was a lot thicker it would've made it a 10. It was actually layers of cinnamon cake and cheesecake. The slice was huge. It took me 2 days to finish it.

Overall service was friendly and fast and I now can say I had a cheesecake from the cheesecake factory yay me!! lol
There was a live mouse running around the dining area so nasty, several other tables were videotaping it.  The bathroom was so disgusting, fecal matter all over toilets walls and only one stall with toilet paper. The service was extremely slow I had an 8:45 pm dinner reservation for 2 and we didn't even get out meals until 10:15pm and there was with no appetizers, just bread. We had to use plastic forks because the silverware was so dirty. There was one server for the entire 2nd floor dining room it was the worst Cheesecake Factory I've ever been in. The Dept of Health  needs to come out. Ratatouille and company was all over and it wasn't even dark out. It was insane because our server seemed completely overwhelmed and apologetic however for $107 worse dining experience I've had at a chain restaurant that I've been to in NJ, PA and MD and am shocked how dirty it was.
I was very disappointed with this particular restaurant because it's one my favorite restaurant chains. The manager (a female) was not attentive to us when 4 out 8 people at our table was served and 2 happened to be children. She heard our compliant and never returned to let us know what was going on or to even apologized or ask us how our food turned out. By the time the food came out, the other 4 people were almost finished and the kids had to eat bread because they were so hungry. I was never treated so poorly at any other cheesecake factory before in my life. When getting the check, the manager did take off the 2 kids entrees. but I had to let our waiter know that my dad and I didn't get our burgers until everyone else was done eating. How long does it take to cook a burger??????? Like really.

One positive thing, was the view. Hell, I'll take good service over view any day.

Valet was pretty pricey @ $22.00 a car. I would rather stick to Cherry hill, KOP, or Willow grove's cheesecake factory. I will NEVER visit this cheesecake factory location again.

My visit took place on 11-31-15
I DESPISE chain restaurants. It's definitely not my first choice but on a pouring rainy day semi tired from work we settled on something quick and easy...so we thought. 
Shrimp Alfredo- shrimp was dry and chewy, Alfredo pasta was season less, it's really hard to mess up a dish that's typically good if you just dump sauce on it but Cheesecake Factory center city found a way to make it bland and not very enjoyable.
Filet mignon and cheese balls-wanted to swap out one of the sides that came w/ the steak for the cheese balls and simply add the extra cost 
(if necessary) since cheese balls are $10 and the sides are $5. They made such a huge deal about it. I even suggested they comp the cheese balls just to accommodate us as paying customers and that was empathically denied. Our waiter Christian was kinda cool but had NO power or willingness. The manager Manny was incompetent and rigid. I even said to him, "Manny you aren't very good at your job are you?" Lol 
They didn't bring a steak knife for my friend to eat the steak with. They ran out of Riesling and the their Mojito was gross, had to send it back and just got Gingerale which was $3.00 and NO refills. 

The entire experience was blah and reminded me why I'm so picky about the places I choose to dine. Never again will I allow anyone to make me feel guilty for being a dining snob. I'll simply remind them of this experience and hopefully they get it...if not...ill be far away at Devon or Parc and I won't hear their judging.
I called to make a reservation tonight  was told " we do not take reservations for 2 people" I replied a bit confused and the girl on the phone hung up on me. She didn't try to accommodate  me or ensure that we would be able to get a table if we just walked in. As a manager of a restaurant I would be furious if I heard my employee interact with a potential customer this way. Needless to say I will not be going there tonight. Management: if you're not going to take reservations for 2 at least teach your employees to be a little more welcoming.
Ok, this is weird! I had pretty good food and fantastic service at the bar. The food wasn't quite as good as King of Prussia but they're new so I was willing to write that off because they're still new.  So I got five star service and four star food,  so why a three star review? 

I've been going out to dinner for over three decades and have never experienced anything like this.  I also have a pretty good sense of humor and am generally hard to offend.  All that being said,  onto the story. 

While eating at the bar a server came up and asked me,  who won the superbowl three years ago.  I told her I didn't know but I could Google it, she then began to berate me for not knowing and walked away. I just shrugged and went back to eating. 

Three minutes later,  she asked and I quote "Where would you most likely wake up with a finger in your ass". I had absolutely nothing,  wasn't even sure how to reply to that. Then I was treated to stories about how she came to work high everyday and what drugs she uses etc... AND SHE KEPT COMING BACK!!!!!

I don't know if she was high then or if she thought she was funny,  but I hurried up to finish my food and get out because it was just uncomfortable.  Worse part, they don't wear name tags so I can't tell you who she was. If the powers that be are reading this: she was the VERY obnoxious server working 8/25/15 @ 9pm. And if by any chance you're reading this maam, you're not funny but disrespectful to a patron who was just trying to enjoy a dinner
Avoid. This is unfortunately the poorest rendition of the cheesecake factory that I've ever been to. Seeing as how they are the best restaurant in the world normally, I even tried this particular location twice, but each time was just as awful. As an avid cheesecake factory enthusiast, I have to give this location 0 stars, even the pre-made, frozen cheesecake could not be prepared properly by the staff. 

The first time I ate here, my entree came with the wrong type of chicken, which I didnt' care about but it was just mistake number 1 of what, ten? I lost count.

The waiters here disappear. You can even get up and go look for them but unless you know where the secret time warp portal is located you'll have zero luck entering their dimension to ask for something.

I disliked that I had to ask for a refill, ask for a napkin, ask for a straw, ask for a box, ask for an actual box, ask for a normal sized box rather than the 10'' by 10'' box for my leftover cheesecake, and then also have to ask for a bag. 

I didn't like how the cheesecake was served warm and melting, without whipped creme, and without any acknowledgement. 

I didn't like waiting for over 45 minutes for my food.

Will not be back, the KoP will have to do.
This location opened on Tuesday... As in they haven't even been opened for a week and you can tell!!! The wait staff is in a frenzy, everything is slow as hell to come out of the kitchen and bar. But in all fairness, I'm used to dining at the Cheesecake Factory in Waikiki (which is the second busiest location behind Vegas) and they have everything down to a science. 

The reason why I didn't rate Cheesecake Factory Philly 4 stars is because there is a learning curve that's happening right now and the presentation of the food was completely impressive. Like I said, I go to Cheesecake Factory often and I'm very familiar with the presentation, but now I know what it's supposed to look like! 

This is the absolute best place to go in a group! There is something for everyone!!!
Where do I begin? I tried to give #cheesecakefactory downtown Philly a try. As soon as we walked in (myself,a friend and my daughter) the host was in the back so she came about 5 mins which wasn't bad but she had attitude and didn't give her a kids menu. Okay! fine not a big deal, but as we're walking almost every table we passed was dirty! I mean DISGUSTING, while the waitresses and waiters was talking with each other. We sit down and the host begins to give her silverware(DIRTY SILVERWARE) we expressed we wanted plastic BC the silverware was so dirty her respond was to one talk to our waiter about that and two put the DIRTY( I mean food still on the fork dirty) back into the draw to give to other customers! (red flag) next I ordered a glass of Merlot .. I should've took a picture of my glass but it was so dirty my friend took it back to the bar BC it was greasy like someone literally just had a drink and they washed it with water and poured my wine in there. My friend took the wine back, spoke with the manager about how dirty the restaurant was, instead of him bringing the wine back asking did we need anything or just see how dirty the place was he sent a waiter. Now, someone comes and looks at the silverware ( not a Mgr) and begins to wipe he DIRTY silverware with a cloth .. A CLOTH! Not rewash them but a cloth! DISGUSTING!  On top of everything, the waiters , omg their clothes were gross like they were in the back cooking the food themselves! Yes it was bad. Next to us was a set up where they came the dirty dishes (I guess and ice tea along with a register when everything was gross. I'm also attaching photos BC just expressing it isn't enough. So, all of this honestly probably happened within 15-20 mins tops. We got up walked over to the mgr.which is never came back to make sure i even  received my wine and his respond was l'm embarrassed this place looks like this but I'm just coming in and trying to fix it , we expressed when trying to fix it first you need to rewash your dishes NOT wipe with a cloth! Also, as we are getting up from our table we were expressing it to another waiter with how dirty the place was and HE AGREED! Saying yeah I understand you guys are totally right it's dirty in here I'm sorry you guys had to come in and witness but we were confused BC everyone was standing around literally doing nothing while tables were still dirty ! I will never eat downtown Philly or even a drink at the Cheesecake Factory! My experience was horrible! I would not recommend anyone eating downtown Cheesecake Factory unless you want to get sick BC they don't clean anything! I have NEVER experienced anything like this before! Customer service was horrible,  eating there was not an option at this point! Totally unacceptable!!
WORST BRUNCH EVER! If only zero stars were an option. My wife and I decided to give CCF a try for brunch today. As we came in the door there was no one greeting at the bottom of the escalator. So we ventured up to the restaurant and we were seated right away on the patio. The server was just straight preoccupied. As it took so long that we gave our drink order and food order at the same time. When he returned with our drinks my wife's tea cup was filthy. When the server returned he immediately said "oh I forgot to tell you, we're out of French toast."  The restaurant serves so much bread how are they out of toast. Maybe they are out of eggs? We ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes as a replacement.  

While waiting for our food we noticed our server serving bread to other tables. So we asked can we have some bread.  "Oh ya I forgot".  Our food came out before he returned with the bread. My dish was supposed to come with toasted bread. "Oh sorry they burned it I will bring some out."

My crab Benedict was fine one of the eggs was over cooked. My wife's pancakes that we're supposed to be lemon ricotta were just plain pancakes.  When I complained to the server. He said the lemon ricotta was inside.   Well folks I cut a bite out of the center of each pancake and the lemon ricotta was lie, none found. I complained again. "I'll let my manager know".  When he returned he told me his manager took our drinks off the bill.  I know this trick, he didn't talk to anyone he just hadn't added our drinks to the bill yet. Fine, I'm not looking for a free meal. I just want it to be done and served correctly. So we asked for some syrup for our plain pancakes. We were told they don't have any except for the melted butter they served with the pancakes....  Thus my wife's pancakes were now non edible.  

Our server then told us that the Cheesecake Factory doesn't do brunch well at all and that we should have come for lunch or dinner instead. Way to talk about your own restaurant! Why even offering a brunch menu if you aren't going to offer it correctly?

Safe to say this will be my first and last visit to the tourist factory there are way to many good restaurants in Philly to waste your time in a non-customer oriented atmosphere.

I HATE writing bad reviews! But, I will when a service provider shows me they don't care!
Service is ok. Food is delicious. Just be aware, you are eating with mostly low class people so do not be fooled by the gourmet presentation of each menu item. Basically is 80% low class. 15% middle class and 5% high class people will eat here. So definitely don't bring a lot of money because there is a 40% chance you you will get jumped that day you choose to eat here. Obviously not in the restaurant, but some place near it. It's a great place to go to when your with a large amount of people because of the large variety of food. I recommend it as a backup place, but remember, the people your dealing with in this restaurant have little to no manners, meaning they will not say sorry for any reason, no excuse mes, no holding the door open, no saying thank you for holding the door open, these people that eat here are complete animals and will wait for a table no matter how long it is. Oh and the worst is when people dress up to go to this place..It's the fcking Cheesecake Factory, not Peter Lugers Givme a break
I came in here just to pick up cheesecake. The young lady at the counter was rude and never even made eye contact with me. It felt as if she didn't want to be there. If she's not happy with her job she should find another one. I went in on 02/03/17 around 10:00pm. I hope management reads this and fires her. The gentlemen who made the cake was nicer and was doing his job to the best of his ability.

I'm spending $8.75 on a slice of cheesecake I would think I would get a thank you and have a good evening. The inside is nice and I'm sure other employees their are nice. The dessert area looked messy and the girl behind the counter just wasn't professional at all. I won't be returning to this location. The location in cherry hill is a lot nicer and also a free parking lot and a lot nicer group of employees.
Came here with my boyfriend last night as we were deciding between iHOP and the CF since we were both really hungry and just wanted filling food. 

The first thing I noticed was that when our waiter brought over our water there were lemon slices floating in it. I'm not a health freak but I always prefer my lemon wedges on the side of the glass because who knows if they even washed them? Anyway it was just a passing thought and I didn't think anything of it. 

I ordered the pasta carbonara and immediately I knew there was something wrong. The sauce tasted so bland, except where the waitress grated Parmesan cheese over. I added salt and pepper and there was barely any difference. Regardless, I finished about half of it before my boyfriend and I decided to take the rest of our food to go. 

I got home and I felt really sick all of a sudden. I went to bed early and when I got up for work the next morning I had an upset stomach. I called out from work and thank God that I did because a half hour later I threw up all the fluids I drank that morning. I threw up two more times afterwards and had an upset stomach two more times later in the day. 

I didn't associate this with anything until I called my boyfriend at work and he said it sounded like I had food poisoning. I read up on the symptoms of it and he was right. I was shaking, feeling feverish, and my hands and feet were tingling. I had lost so much fluids that every time I stood up I started seeing black and white and had to hold onto something. 

My boyfriend has been in the industry for more than 20 years, owned restaurants, been a partner, and been a general manager. He said that when sauces are left out too long, they lose their taste, and that was probably why I got so sick. He said he noticed me seasoning my dish with salt and was surprised as places like the Cheesecake Factory have dishes with high calorie counts and are already so flavorful to the point of being unhealthy. 

I called the restaurant and told Anthony the GM what I had experienced and he offered to give me a gift card. I said no thank you and would prefer a partial refund for at least my portion of the meal. He said that it was not possible. I even offered to bring in the food we had taken home for him to inspect but he said it was not necessary. 

Due to his lack of assistance, I called the guest services line in California and they were much more kind even though they still refused to offer a refund, though they did offer to look into the issue. They offered a gift card as well and I was thinking to myself, "are these people serious? They think I want to get food poisoning again for free this time." I said even if they can't offer me a refund I don't need a gift card as I would never return. 

Clearly TCF Is only interested in money and not winning their customers back or making sure their health inspection standards are on par. Thanks for nothing!!!!
This was probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I have ever been to. The service was terrible, they brought us the wrong dish and then argued with us when we tried to explain why it's the wrong dish and whah ingredients were missing. The salad had chunks of bad romaine in it which was disappointing. That being said, the food was still good but definitely not up to Cheesecake Factory standards. It's a shame because the location is ideal and the decor and layout are very pretty.
Service was very quick. I sat by the bar to watch the TV. The bartender Paul was great and pleasant. The bathrooms were clean! Seems like a very busy restaurant on a regular basis but it wasn't that busy on a Sunday. Trying to find parking is a nightmare unless you planned to be out and about all day and found a good spot or paid for the garage. Overall, food, cheesecake and drinks were great. Service was on Q and no waiting around. I am not sure how busy this place is on a Friday or Saturday but then again most places are mobbed on weekends regardless. Recommend it!
The Cheesecake Factory never fails to disappoint. It is for sure my favorite chain restaurant. This time I tried the Chocolate Hazelnut Crunch Cheesecake topped with Nutella that just debuted on July 29th. It was incredible! I hope it's here to stay. 

In regards to this location in particular, the building and atmosphere is stunning!!!
When I rated the Cheesecake Factory local to my home, I thought rating a chain was silly.  All the food is the same, isnt it?  Well - this experience taught me, in fact, IT IS NOT.  

I get individual pizzas at my local CF all the time - this one was salty and the cheese wasn't great.  The tater tot appetizer wasn't heated thoroughly.   The floors are slipper AF.  I asked to bring home the left overs - the tater tots had two sauces on the side - opened the left over the next day to find they didn't box the sauces.  Lazy.
I get great solid food everything I'm here. It's not a diner and not fine dining but right smack in the middle.
The servings are enough for a ravenous appetite plus lunch for the next day. Service is a lil slow, but it's a
Packed place always, and theropod comes out so perfect. 
My go to dish is bang bang chicken but today I chose chicken and fries (pic posted) 

From the servers to the hostess to the managers, everyone is so friendly. 
The cheesecake selection is EXTENSIVE but don't leave without getting one to go- I get the caramel pecan.

Nathan is the best server!!
Love this place with all my heart! Service is amazing of course and so is the food! I go here all the time! I look forward to every visit!!!
So I was there last night for some late night dinner and it will be my last. We walked in 10 30 and none came to greed us nor give us water. Apparently none gave a $hit Bc the kitchen closes at 11 and they waited until 10 57 to come tell us that they were closed. Manager couldn't give less of $hit bc he walked up on us after a lil conversation with the waiters, and told us " look people want to go home". If u are looking somewhere to eat and it happens for u to be around there at 10 30, do your self a favor and drive to the nearest diner.
Great service , food galore! Love the skinnylicious menu!!  Get the chicken lettuce wrap
Just walked out of there after standing in the entrance while the greeter with the long messy blonde hair was on the phone gossiping. My party and I were confused about whether we wait for her to finish or go up the giant broken escalator. So I kindly asked if we go up because we were unattended and she was clearly trying to avoid us. Then she held her hand up and said one minute please in an aggravated tone. So after going in circles for 30 minutes trying to find parking we dont even get acknowledged when we walk in to the place. I said screw it and we walked over to Pietro's Pizza and are now enjoying an amazing personalized pizza! To the woman with the dry ends please learn some people skills.
Been here twice, once for happy and once for lunch. My waitress was efficient and friendly. The food was soooooo good. My mother and I had the buffalo blasts as an appetizer. They are so good, highly recommended. Tastes like they were made from scratch. For the main course I had the chicken and shrimp gumbo while my mother had some type of chicken Alfredo. I ordered a passion fruit mojito, a little too fruity, it made my stomach hurt. Then finally for desert I had the snickers cheesecake. Omg it was so good. Everything was so good. Although it was crowded when we went, we didn't wait that long for food. Their menu is a little price so expect to spend at least $75-100.  Can't wait to go back
I really hate to give such a low rating to a restaurant I usually always enjoy going to but that's as generous as I can get from my dining experience here.
Before anything, I'm a huge fan of The Cheesecake Factory. I probably dine in my local location once every month or two so i thought i might give this new location a try.
There were four of us seated and were eager to order. The inside of this Cheesecake factory is truly beautiful and has a great ambiance.
Our server then brought out three waters when it was clear that there was one more person in our table. Everyone makes mistakes so we weren't so bothered by this. Time passed and we noticed that we didn't receive our breadsticks yet and our food was almost ready. We asked our server and all he could say was "Oh, you want breadsticks?"...
Our food came out and nothing to say about that, it was still as delicious as the other locations!
However, our server didn't bring out cheese or serving spoons and we, once more had to ask our server for this.
Come for the food but don't expect great service.
Starving, we stopped at the Cheescake Factory for lunch.  The Cheescake Factory isn't anything special--typical North American kind of dishes, such as pastas, burgers, etc, the type of food that hits the spot when you're hungry.

There were plenty of tasty options, but looking through the menu, I was horrified.  I knew the Cheesecake Factory isn't the best place to go if you're health conscious, but my god, the calorie content was absolutely horrific; most of their dishes were between 1500 to 2000 calories each, an entire day's worth of calories.  Ugh.  Thank goodness they had a "skinny" menu which offered lower calorie dishes, around 600 calories each.

Off the skinny menu, I ordered the enchiladas (I just couldn't order from the regular menu, knowing that I would be consuming 1800 calories in one sitting).  I still don't quite believe that they were "only" 590 calories, as they were a full portion and extremely filling.

Overall I am rating The Cheescake Factory only two stars because the food is just average, the calorie content horrifying, and the waiter was a bit condescending.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016]
This location sucks. So I ordered to go after walking half a mile from where I'm staying so I wouldn't lose my parking spot. I ordered the shrimp and angel hair, one of my favorite dishes. So when I walk all the way back and get to my food, it had no marinara sauce, about a quarter of the tomatoes that it's supposed to have, and only 4 shrimp. WTF?! I paid 20 bucks for this dish and it pretty much was only plain noodles with olive oil. I don't feel like walking another mile there and back to return this bland  joke of a meal. If you like cheesecake factory, avoid this one. It's obvious the cook here doesn't know or give a crap about putting the correct amount of ingredients in their recipes.
Ever since I was little, Cheesecake was the place to go to bond with family over amazing food. Every person you bring can find something they'll love on the menu. ALWAYS consistent with their food. ALWAYS amazing ambiance. This location is HUGE for the center city location. I loveeeeeee you Cheesecake Factory.
I love Cheesecake Factory! I'm usually trying to dine there for Brunch, but I can never make it. My son and I had a late lunch there Saturday May 11, 2019 (which was also National Eat What You Want Day).

We had no reservation but was promptly greeted and seated without any issues. Our server came to introduce us and took our drink orders while giving us time to decide what we wanted to eat.

Our food order was taken and meals were delivered promptly. Food was at nice temperature and delicious. The portions are super large, so I ate half of everything I ordered and was able to take some home for later.

I ordered:

Factory Peach Bellini -- They're so delicious  

Cheeseburger Spring Rolls -- They tasted nice and the sauce that came with was nice and creamy.

Pork Belly Sliders -- I tried these at the Cheesecake Factory in Hawaii and now I order them whenever we eat here 

Orange Chicken -- I like this meal. It's one of my favorites at Cheesecake Factory and it was on the Lunch Specials menu.

My son surprisingly ordered Grilled Cheese and French Fries. He ate till is his heart's content and his belly was full.

Our server didn't hover, but was around when we needed her.

We'll definitely be returning.
This is probably one of my favorite big chain restaurants, and the Philly location did not let me down. It has a great spot with views of the city which makes it a step above the average Cheesecake Factory at the mall.

Overall the food is great. The menu can be overwhelming for some since it literally is a 20 page book, but it is filled with a great variety. There is literally something for everyone. There were plenty of vegetarians options, and portions are huge! Don't forget to save room for cheesecake though. Having tried at least 10 different cheesecakes they have, I have never been disappointed.

Strangely they seated our party of 5 on a table for 4 and then seated a party of 2 in a large booth for 5/6 people. Maybe they are still working out things since they are still relatively new, but this was really inconvenient. Also, service can be slow since the waiters have lots of tables and literally have to run around to keep up. 

Overall, the food was great, and there is so much more to try so I will be going back.
I reached out on the Cheesecake Factory Website, the manager called back and left a phone number.  I returned his his call and sat on hold for 20 minutes until I gave up.
I took my family and friends here for my Daughter's Birthday; twelve of us in all.  
My son brought is new girl friend to meet the family for the first time.  
We ordered and after a longer wait then I might have wished for, the food arrived.  They didn't have a meal for the new girl friend.  The waiter apologized, asked her again what she had ordered and went to put it in.  The manager came out and told us that here meal would take a few minutes.  He offered her an appetizer and told her that she would not be charged for the meal.  
Nice I get a break on the bill and she has no meal.  At this point, the server and the manager disappear, never to return.  Her meal appears after the rest of us have finished.  The food was not very well prepared and once they messed up, they made almost no effort to recover.
I was miserable and stuck with a $300 bill to boot.
Cheesecake factory has been around for the longest but we decided to dine in tonight because the waiting line at max brenner was just too crazy . I first had cheesecake factory when it was opened years ago back at home in Boston. I never really liked the food there . 5 stars goes towards their cheesecakes though. So we decided to give cheesecake factory a second chance. 

When we first walked in hostess greeted us but gave us a weird look instead of a smile . Points off there . And then told us there's about 15 to 20 mins wait and we said okay that's fine. She didn't lock us in the computer at first until another  group came in after us and see us just standing there. We then was given a number beeper and told we could go right ahead upstairs . Surprising the wait wasn't long . So that was good .


Took us a bit to look over the menu because there was a variety to choose from. So our waitress came and took our orders for drinks and apps . We decided to get buffalo Blast and dynamite shrimp for appetizers (as pictured) . The Buffalo blast was good . The dynamite shrimp was okay. It could use a little more flavor . For entrée I decided to go with the chicken marsala and my boyfriend got the meatloaf. When the drink came she only brought my boyfriend drink and told me my drink will be out shortly. I thoughts all the drinks supposed to come out at the same time and not just one and while the other wait for theirs . But okay. The first appetizer came out which was the Buffalo blast half way eating it my drink still hasn't come yet and I was thirsty after a few bites . My drink didn't come out until my entrée came out which was probably 20 mins after . Sign of bad service because the couple next to us ordered drinks and all their drinks came out right away by a different waitress . After a few bites of our food we was ready to leave because my boyfriend didn't like how his food taste and my chicken marsala was sweet and the sauce tasted burnt while I was eating it . I didn't want to make a big deal out of it so we just asked the waitress to packed the food to go . I should of just stick to my instance and went elsewhere because the food hasn't meet our expectations . I won't return to dine in but definitely for the cheesecakes.
First time at this location and I was impressed! The service was excellent (our server's name was Steven). He was very attentive. We had a party of 4, celebrating a birthday. I ordered jambalaya which was great and plentiful. The other ladies had sandwiches which they enjoyed. Crab balls and calamari for apps, sweet potato cheesecake to go. Will definitely return!
One star and only for the interior appearance. I got the garlic shrimp pasta with a basil lemon sauce and it was bland and doused in a ridiculous amount of oil. What a wasted $18. About $14 for a Ketel One martini, didn't realize I should expect Franklin Mortgage prices for a simple vodka martini. I was so turned off by my food that I didn't even get cheesecake for dessert (in hindsight, I should have just gone with dessert and skipped dinner there altogether). 

The service was terrible, the hostesses were unfriendly and downright incompetent. Our server wasn't rude but definitely not very friendly and took forever to get us our round of drinks when it was mostly empty in the rest of the restaurant. Some of our table resorted to going up to the bar for their drinks, it was just so ridiculous. The general attitude is come in, spend a ridiculous amount of money for subpar food and it's ok because it's Cheesecake Factory. It shows a serious lack of management and the struggling waitstaff is indicative of poor training. I actually felt bad for our server that she was struggling with simple orders. I mean honestly how hard is it to make sure everyone has water refills? AVOID.
This location just recently opened so I think they're still sorting out everything. I got the chicken pasta carbonara and my friend got the santa fe salad. She asked for her salad dressing to be on the side but they mixed it in. The waitress was really nice about it and got her another one but it took awhile. From the time we sat down to the time we left it was a good 2.5-3 hours. 

Location- 5/5 Excellent decor and location is right in the middle of center city on 15th and Walnut
Food- 3/5 Average cheesecake factory food
Service- 3/5 They're super busy and the food took awhile to come out

If you come here just remember to factor in time....
Wow this was a perfect place for my 17 year old son and I to have a nice dinner and enjoy ourselves. Tiera was our server - she is absolutely amazing!!! The best!!! She has a great personality and was always checking in on us, we loved her! The food was perfect, tasty, yum!!! We were so happy, thanks for a great meal in Phily!
It is so lame but this was chain restaurant I really wanted to try haha. I just heard about this place a lot- huge portion, good dessert etc however I've  never seen this place anywhere in city. Now I finally went! 

Stopped by for lunch, got Alfredo fettuccini ( lunch portion) with chicken and classic burger with fries. We thought that would be safe choice since it was our first visit. Pasta was very thick, creamy like other chain restaurant. Chicken breast was moist and tender. My hubby enjoyed his burger and couldn't finish his fries. We were full so had original cheese cake piece to go. 

Our server was very friendly and had full of smile on her face whenever we sees her. 
Food was nothing ordinary but service was nice and I like to have this restaurant in the city.
This would be a 1 but the pizzas and flat bread were good.  4 of us went for lunch and waited an hour for our food. After 40 minutes I went to fron desk and they said sorry we will let manager know right away.  20 minutes later the food showed up. My friends salad no dressing.  The wrong salad for me and then when they brought it bac it had the wrong dressing poured on it and instead of taking it back brought me the right dressing for the side.  I guess they expected me to eat it with vinagerette and ranc.
Ordered the portofino pizza and the server kept calling it portfolio.  It was all so horrible it was funny but to be honest a manager should have come to our tabe.

Never again
I went to the Cheesecake Factory on my own last week after a friend had to cancel our lunch engagement. I was greeted inside the Walnut Street entrance by a young lady who asked if I was dining alone and then told me I could proceed upstairs to the restaurant. Not really sure of the purpose of this person but there she was. At least she was polite.

I was seated pretty quickly although without even so much as a hello or a good morning from the four staff persons, including what looked like a manager, stationed at the front desk. There was no rudeness, but no warm welcome either. Something I would expect in most decent restaurants. Anyway, I was given a comfortable banquet table near the front of the dining room. I was content with that.

I waited a few minutes to be acknowledged, taking that time to peruse the menu even though I already knew what I wanted. The server's name was Kendra. She was polite and friendly. She began to go through the specials but stopped her(probably should have let her finish, in hindsight). I ordered the calamari first, then the herb-crusted salmon filet and indicated to Kendra that I would be ordering the carrot cake to go. I also ordered a glass of the Napa Valley Merlot. The beverage and the food items were delivered in good time, no extended delays on the part of the bar and the kitchen. Kendra did a good job with me even though she had tables on the far side of the room well away from me. At one point she even directed another server to deliver a second glass of Merlot to me rather than let it sit at the bar. She did not leave me waiting, which I really appreciated.

As for the food, the calamari, which I eat wherever I can, was crunch on the outside but the squid was not rubbery and overcooked on the inside. Very good. The Herb-Crusted Salmon (Full Portion, not the lunch size), offers a good-sized filet of salmon, cooked medium, nicely seasoned with assorted herbs, and served with asparagus and mashed potatoes. I have noticed from previous visits that the number of asparagus offered on the plate tends to vary from three(not enough in my view) to six(just fine)on my last visit. I do love the mashed potatoes because they are made with the skins mixed in with the spuds. I think it adds extra texture and flavor to the side dish.

I decided to order a carrot cake to eat in and gave it a try but could only get through two mouthfuls before I had to give up and take it home along with another slice that i had promised my friend who had to cancel. The check can in quick order and I did not have to wait around to make payment. A very good job by my server Kendra. Nice smile, good personality, made a real effort to engage with me as a guest. I would recommend her to anyone visiting the Cheesecake Factory on Walnut Street.

As I was leaving, the young lady at the downstairs entrance/exit was folding napkins, probably for the dinner shift. She saw me leave but made no effort to say goodbye or to ask if i had a nice experience. It takes less than ten seconds to inquire of a guest as to how there meal was and it means a lot to those persons who receive such added attention on their way out the door. Something that could be worked on. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and the experience from beginning to end. You can eat a good meal without going broke but you can also spend a few bob if you are a soup to nuts type of person like myself. All in all, I would recommend the restaurant as a place to go for a good, nicely paced meal in a well-appointed dining room.
Disappointment is the first thing i must say

They are very disorganized, 
Ran out of silverware, 30 mins for water and
Unfriendly service 

There are better places to eat while visiting Philly
I hadn't been to a cheesecake factory in years, then i spent the morning of new years day with a friend who goes every Jan 1 as a tradition and honestly, being in the cheesecake factory was like a hug: warm, familiar and comforting. 

Yes, the menu is still overwhelming large but that's part of the cheesecake factory charm right? I told myself I was going to get something off of the skinny menu but the spicy chicken Chipotle pasta called my name, At least i got the lunch size portion which is about 2/3rds the size of dinner portion). 

Ample seating, great for solo dining, great for groups of all ages...A nice wholesome vibe. The price is right, lovely attentive service with a smile, the bread basket is still bomb...Actually one thing that was different that I really appreciated was being asked if I even wanted a bread basket. Jan 1 means a lot of nutrition and fitness resolutions being made and not having the temptation of the bread basket could be a huge deal. (Sodium and calorie counts are included on the menu and this is probably not the place you want to frequent if you're watching these).
This is the worst cheesecake experience I've every been at. It was my friends birthday, and we thought this place would be a good idea to have her birthday dinner, but I will in fact never be going to this location again. First, with a reservation we were seated 25+ minutes late. Why make a reservation in the first place if people will be seated before us? The waitress didn't offer us things for the table and we waited another 30 minutes just to get silverware to eat our bread. I tried to give the benefit of the doubt, they seemed understaffed. We couldn't even get the dishes cleared from our table. There was 8 of us and we have to stack the dishes to have room for our drinks. Then, we ordered and the food came. 

Everyone at my table agreed it was disgusting. Rice undercooked, pasta still hard and starchy, and barely without sauce. The ONLY reason we stayed was for the birthday girl. It was late and we wanted to just pack up the food, get some cheesecake to go home. But after a few more bites I bite something hard, and it's an EARRING. Yes there was an earring in my mouth from the shrimp scampi pasta. I was disgusted, and told everyone to stop eating. I told the manager who told all of us that we would still have to pay for this disgusting experience, and now the birthday girl (and the rest of the group) didn't want to eat there food. 

We just want to get out of here now, and ask for the check. A bus boy comes over and ask about the incident, giggles and walks away. Now I'm incredibly angry. Instead of waiting another hour for our waitress, we go up to the front to pay and get out. I will be contacting a regional manager about how this place is run, and a attorney for the cut the earring made in my mouth.
Great restaurant, just not this location. After being CCF-lovers for quite some time, the service at this location let us down. Randomly stumbling in on a Monday night, my friends and I were seated immediately. The nightmare began when our waiter first approached the table to greet us and asked us if we had any questions about the menu, after waiting and waiting, he brought out only three waters.. when there was clearly four of us. We proceeded to place our orders, and after patiently waiting for our food and breadsticks, nothing. We called over the waiter and asked "hi may we have our breadsticks?" he replies, "oh, you want breadsticks? sure". We were very disappointed at the fact that we may have never received breadsticks if we had never asked. Not to mention, we finished our waters and had to sit around waiting for the waiter that never came to check up on our table. If we wanted more water, we had to wave over our server.

So finally, our pasta dishes and pizza arrive at the table. It looks absolutely delicious, as always; however, the server did not bring out cheese. Trying to get the server's attention (once again), we waited for him to grab the cheese for the pasta. Another disappointment. Despite the upsetting service, the food was still extraordinary. If you want a pleasant dining experience, I would suggest going to another CCF location or ordering take out.
Felt like this would be a predictably tasty dinner since we've frequented so many Cheesecake Factories.... NOPE! 
Out of guava juice so couldn't order the specialty drink they were advertising. Couldn't order alfredo, also fresh out of that. Settled on another pasta that was really just a bowl of subpar marinara with a few noodles. Awful! Then thought ok, how can they mess up traditional original cheesecake. They couldn't... because they were out of that too. 

Hot mess of a Cheesecake Factory!!
This place is now open for a limited dining but also carry out from the desert section, which is key for a snowy day. Pop by to pick up a cheesecake and they're able to have so many flavors in stock from their freezer. The staff are all wearing masks and very friendly. Can also get DoorDash delivery/pickup!
I definitely didn't expect this evening to be such a bad experience. It wasn't really anyone in here and the service was super slow. My shrimp scampi looked like dumplings or something and ramen noodles, it was lukewarm on top of that and I was ready to go immediately after waiting and then tasting it. The waiter, Jacob was pretty cool and very accommodating nonetheless (absolutely lol). The Mrs said that the service in this location normally is a lot better. This visit left an awful taste in my mouth though.
Their cheesecakes are amazing and the staff is very friendly. The only con I have was for the avocado eggroll app that we ordered. It was way too oily for me. I love their avocado eggrolls and have ordered them at other locations. I know the dish is fried but I've never seen it this oily...
We ordered the bang bang shrimp and the gumbo for entrees and both dishes were good. The portions are huge; it's easily 2 meals.
The ambience is romantic and makes a nice spot for a date night.
I love everything about the Cheesecake Factory. just give me my brown bread and let me slide into my booth. 

apps: crab cakes and tex mex rolls!

entrees: chipotle pasta, fettuccini alfredo, and bistro shrimp pasta. all winners. 

servers are friendly. love the arnold palmer lemonade as well.
I particularly enjoy the fact that I can get breakfast all day. Cheesecake factory has a nice selection of breakfast style meals you can get all the time. I'm a big fan of poached eggs and they always make my.l Breakfast just right. The breakfast tacos and very handy and tasty. Coffee is always good.
My friend, Naomi (also known as BB or Birthday Bitch), invited a group of around 10 friends to the Cheesecake Factory for a celebration of her being born.  I had been to the King of Prussia CF but never to the downtown location.  The CF is always a bit of an odyssey into another world, where people have expendable cash and suburban hairstyles and where decadence is supremely exalted, in both garish displays of décor and overall gluttony.  In this way, the Cheesecake Factory is a quite viscerally American experience.

While waiting at the bar I chatted with my buddy, Hawkeye, and spent $10 on a bottled Angry Orchard.  Cocktails were in the double digit range, and seeing how I was a poor social worker masquerading as a person who can afford to eat at fancy restaurants, I opted to not get any more alcoholic drinks throughout my stay.

Eventually we were moved to a large table that could accommodate our group.  Our server was polite and attentive and tolerant of our low class requests, such as bringing me hot sauce to pair with the free bread they serve.  Speaking of the free bread, it was delicious and regrettably I ate quite a lot of it despite having given up gluten recently.

Communing with the other indigent social workers, Hawkeye and I decided to split some nachos with our friend Brenda.  The calorie content was well over your overall daily allowance so it seemed that splitting it three ways would be wise.  Getting swept up in the gluttony of this establishment, I impulsively decided to also order their "Nashville Hot" chicken nuggets which were only $5.  They claimed to be quite hot, which I considered dubious but figured it was worth a try.

When the nachos arrived, they were as enormous as we had hoped and had generous portions of good toppings including spicy chicken, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa.  I wouldn't say that there was anything particularly "special" about these nachos, but they were large, filling, and tasty so I was very happy with this decision.  They were also more than enough for three people and frankly I did not need my impulsive chicken nuggets.  Speaking of the chicken nuggets, I found them very underwhelming.  Only one chicken nugget out of ten was sufficiently saucy and the overall heat level was practically imperceptible.

BB's new man friend, Landon (who worked hard all night to prove to us that he wasn't a Blandon) got the fried mac and cheese balls and generously shared with the table in what I can only imagine was a ploy to win good favor in the group.  These were cheese-filled pillows of heaven and you could only hope to be so lucky as to get to experience them for free at some point in your lifetime.  He also got a very mysterious dish which was a pizza made with chicken-parmesan crust and pasta on top.  I didn't get to taste it but I can only imagine that it was quite indulgent.

At the conclusion of the meal, a handful of the brave ordered cheesecake.  Thanks to the plentiful free bread I was bloated up like a hot air balloon and had no money or appetite left for dessert but I admired those that were able to go "all the way."  I have had CF Cheesecake before and it's incredibly delicious, probably as a result of each slice including over three quarters of your daily calorie content.

In the end, what could be more wholesomely American than group of ten 20-something-year-olds (okay fine, I'm 30...) caucusing in the soft glow of ornate chandeliers of ostentation, eating a week's worth of calories in food they will have to buy on credit to afford, surrounded by suburban families ignoring everything but their iphones.  BB seemed happy to usher in a new year of life in this manner and frankly I enjoyed myself and the food very much.
What can I say about this place.... I want people to try for themselves but also want to prevent them from wasting their money. Well, i gotta be honest!

I called in for a rsvp for a Friday night and they told me to book through yelp, but yelp does not accept parties more than 6. I called again to explain and was told to book it regardless and give them a call afterwards..what's with the runaround? Nevertheless, we got it settled. 

Once arrived, we had to wait 15 mins for a table and that was fine bc we came early. So we ordered a few appetizers and I'm telling you that was the only reason why I'm giving this place a star.

Most of the items we ordered were pasta and they were so disappointing. The pastas we're undercooked, too salty, or too sour. We complained to our waiter (he was pleasant) and he couldn't do anything but to call the manager. The manager came and listened to the whole thing and agreed that what we complained about was legit and took them off from our bill. To be honest, we would rather pay for our meals and be satisfied with them bc this was supposed to be my niece's bday celebration. 

Oh Btw, we did receive a tip to come in for lunch instead bc they have been getting a lot of complaints during dinner. Tip: listen to the complaints and turn it around. Make it consistent.
I usually Love going to Cheescake Factory and was very excited when they opened a branch in Center City. So I went to check them out Wednesday night and the venue didn't disappoint. They had a wall of windows that gave a good city view and the decor was typical for their restaurants. I decided to order a dish I've had before at the KOP site - the lemon and garlic shrimp with asparagus and angel hair pasta (off the low cal menu). While the taste of the dish was fine, the sauce had a weird gelatinous quality that limited my enjoyment. The cheesecake was great as usual.
This is one of the most unprofessional environments that my husband and I have ALMOST dined in. We decided to have dinner yesterday (11/26/21) at this location, I wish we chose otherwise. Our server was very uncouth, we had to ask for clean utensils (one would think this would be automatic considering the location and the pandemic), and then asked to exit the restaurant due to an early closing for lack of food. What type of unprofessional antics is this?? We will NEVER eat at this location again, and I will be sure to tell friends and family about this experience. I expected more, but low-class doesn't change!
I absolutely DREAD writing negative reviews and especially during this time when we're experiencing a pandemic BUT it has to be said. 

We ordered online and the process was a breeze. The menu was a bit limited compared to what's usually offered but a place with 250 items, MOST of the menu was available for takeout. I placed our order for 2 pasta dishes and 2 apps, totaling $62 including tip. We arrived a bit early so we waited for about 20 minutes. Our pickup time was 630pm. Food still wasn't ready until nearly 7pm. 

We get the food home and the apps were amazing! Our pasta? Nope. Both pasta dishes were extremely dry, barely had any sauce(even after mixing it up) and no flavor. The blandest food I've ever had. I don't know what happened here because I've always had a good experience dining in. I totally get that everyone is ordering takeout these days but the quality of food shouldn't be this disappointing. Both dinners barely had chicken, sauce or anything other than bowtie pasta. To charge customers $18 per plate is absurd.  $62 on takeout isn't cheap. I've been a dine in customer and now takeout. I'm not entirely sure we will return.
My third visit and you can sense the slow decline in what was pretty good service and quite good food (for the $) after only just under a month open.  

Now the "downstairs" hostess is busy, busy on her cell phone and the "upstairs" desk staff is busy, busy looking bored, disinterested and talking among themselves.  The server staff is trying but management is, at best, focused on...who knows what...not the customers for sure.

Seated at the tiniest, most crowded table in a half empty restaurant--I guess this was convenient for...the staff. When I asked for new table the manager was nearly dumbfounded and reluctantly reseated us after asking if we had ordered anything--I guess if we had ordered we would be punished by not being allowed to switch tables. (Actually our server finally took initiative and moved us since the manager was busy...talking with the hostesses.)  Food arrived at a reasonable pace and was C+---beef in Hibachi Beef was dryish but other items good. Tried to buy a piece of cheesecake (at almost $10 a pop) and couldn't get anybody to sell it to me. 1 counterperson--3 customers---all on a very slow night overall---while 2 hostesses and 2 mangers stood right next to cheesecake case chatting with each other.

They hustled for the first few weeks--now they're just taking orders for pretty good food with diminishing service. Bottom line--almost faithful (local Center City eat-out-all-the-time nearby residents) are now twice a year customers...maybe...locals who wouldn't send visiting friends and relatives here for sure...

As other reviewers have said...it could've been a hit but it's really just hit...and miss at CCF!
This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever dealt with. From beginning to end the service could not have been any worse. When we walked into the door the hostess did not seem to want to be bothered with any of the customers. I had asked for a table to seat 13 people and was told the wait would be about an hour. After about 35 minutes of waiting, my party and I noticed that the hostess had walked out of the restaurant. A customer had asked us if we were waiting to be seated and we replied "yes," he then informed us that the restaurant had been struggling that night and that he waited over 30 minutes for a to go order. We were then seated after about an hour and a half wait, but when we arrived at our table there were only 11 seats and even those were crammed together. We asked management if we could have another table added to the two that were already pushed together and the staff made it seem as though it was too difficult of a task to be done, so we began to move the tables ourselves until finally one of the employees saw and politely moved them for us. The hostess we had, who never mentioned her name throughout the entire meal, had the worst customer service I have ever seen. She asked if we would like drinks but only took drink orders for 5 of the guests. When asked about one of the drinks on the menu, the waitress seemed clueless. After we finished our appetizers, our meals began to come out, but our waitress did not take any of our finished dishes from the table in order to make room. After our meals, our waitress did not even ask if we would like to have any left overs wrapped to go or if we would like dessert, even after two guests ordered cheesecake. Throughout the entire dinner, my party, as well as myself, did not have a good time and we all agreed that we will not be attending this location ever again.
Will not eat at this location again. Started with them telling us an hour wait. So we put in our name and came back 55mins later. At that point they said we were one of the next tables. Well 30 mins later we will were not called. We went up to complain and were told they were cleaning our table. 15 mins later we finally got seated. Total wait time was 1 HR 40 mins which is pretty ridiculous considering that when we got seated there were 4 large clean empty tables around us. 

The server was prompt and polite. I had no problems with him. We put our order in immediately with our drink orders. We got our bread and it was not warm and was very hard on the outside. When the runners brought out our entrees they only brought 2 of the 5 out. 5 mins later (yes I actually monitored the time) the other 3 entrees came out. 2 of the entrees were wrong. My husband ordered spaghetti and received a sandwich and I ordered a burger and received a piece of meat on hard bread, nothing else was on the burger. I told the waiter and he apologized. I told the waiter to take back my incorrect food and that I did not want my food replaced so just take it off the bill which he did. They brought my husbands correct entree, but at that point everyone else at the table was already done. 

By the end we were annoyed and just ordered the strawberry shortcake to share. The ice cream was good but the biscuit was very hard and inedible. 

Definitely will not be returning!!
This rating is for amazing whole wheat baguette that you can buy at the restaurant to take home. I got it warm so it's very crunchy on the outside but soft and warm inside. $3.50 per baguette plus tax.
The worst service ever! Got there at 4:20, the booth we were put into was too small for the baby seat, and when we asked hostess about it she just walked away. Then we took it upon ourselves to move. Then after we ordered they brought it the wrong order to 2 out of the 3 of us. So while one is us was eating for 20 minutes the rest were just waiting for their correct order. The. Our waitress couldn't remember anything we were asking for and had to repeat everything to her. Then she left in the middle of purser vice and we got a second server. This server was nice and then we asked if we could split the bill. She was accommodating until she gave us the checks, we gave her out cards and then when we got the receipts the amount had changed on out of our checks from originally 35 to 42!! How the hell does that happen? Please explain how you randomly add 2 sodas to a check that was already correct before we gave you out cards. Then she wanted to know If that extra was ok or does she need to get her manager... Um yes get your manager.. Then she returned with 6$ in cash  without the manager... Mind you the overcharge was 7$ . At this point we were so frustrated we just took our tip back and left. 

This was supposed to be a nice night out for me and my cousins but ended up being a night where our patience was tried. Will not be returning back here anytime soon: most likely will go to Max Brenner's around the corner... Very disappointed
I have written other reviews regarding the regular dining menu at TCF. this review is strictly about the happy hour menu offered between 4 and 6PM Monday thru Friday.
I have gone once by myself around Five PM and it was very busy but my experience was very good. had to wait a bit for drinks sometimes but considering thre rush the delay was understandable. This time i went with a friend and we showed up right after Four PM. Big difference in the room. Not nearly as busy or loud.
I'll just list the items that we ordered along with their happy hour price-Chicken Pot Stickers ($5.50), Crispy Crab Bites ($7.50,real crab meat), The Warm Crab & Artichoke Dip ($5.50-had two orders in house and my friend ordered one to go, that's how great the dip is. Intoxicating and addictive!), Dynamite Tempura Shrimp ($6.95-not as spicy as I had been led to think they would be but good flavor nonetheless. If you order the house wine, be it white, red, or zinfandel, (I had my usual Merlot) the price is $5.50. Name brand wines will cost more (Like my friend's Moscato @ $9.50). You can get beer for $3-4 and drinks such as Long Island Iced teas, mojitos, and margaritas for $5.50! There are so many appetizers that we didn't get to try this time nut are looking forward to on our next trip. The price is right and the earlier you come the better the service will be. After five it can get busy so things will take longer. Wanted to also mention our server Craig M. who answered our questions and, if didn't know the answer, he would go and find out. He was friendly and patient, even bringing us fresh, warm bread when the first basket came out cold and hard. Thanks Craig! 
So, if you are looking to try The Cheesecake Menu without paying the regular prices, try their happy hour. You will probably be tempted into going back to try the regular menu at some point in the future.
Went to Cheesecake Factory on Tuesday with my husband, brother, and friend. When you're going to the cheesecake factory you know what you're going to get - it's a chain restaurant with a menu that has pages and pages of options! We didn't have any sort of wait and were seated right away. This Cheesecake Factory looks like any normal Cheesecake Factory, however, what I did like was they have a seating area where the windows are open which is really nice.

We put in a drink order and an order of the Hot Spinage and Cheese Dip.  The drinks and appetizer came promptly. Our waitress was pretty knowledgeable..  apparently during the training they had to learn the whole menu and got to try most of the food for 2 whole weeks! For our entrees we went with the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, Herb Crusted Filet of Salmon, and Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic. The Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic was the best dish out of them all and we'll definitely be going back for that dish!  The only complaint was that we wanted the Snickers Cheesecake, however, they were out of the ingredients so we ended up going with the Tiramisu Cheesecake and S'mores Cheesecake - both equally yummy!
Let's be clear, I only gave 3 stars mainly for ambiance. I love the setup of this Cheesecake. My first time here, me and a group of friends dined for a birthday. We sat in the grand room upstairs and felt like celebs lol. It was so clean and pretty. Our server was nice and accommodating too. She wasn't intimidated by our large party. She had glasses and braids. I ordered the calamari and a glass of Proseco. My calamari was fried really bad and had chicken on the plate; I assume they fry chicken in the same fryer. Which is ok, but I'm a vegetarian. I unknowingly bit into it, disturbed. I told our server though, and she had no problem taking it back. I didn't get anything else. 

My second time here I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and had the same server. Sweet, still. This meal was way better though! No complaints for this one. It was so good I couldn't even finish it all. I'd probably return.
I've been to a few locations and I have to say this one has the best decor by far (I do know they are all similar).

We usually go on a weeknight when it's not busy.  The staff is extremely friendly.  We are seated quickly in a booth.

We had a few small plate appetizers although there were more than enough for two people.

Dynamite Shrimp (crispy tempura shrimp tossed with our spicy dynamite sauce). There were plenty of them and oh so tasty.   

CRISPY CUBAN ROLLS- (Crispy Wrappers Filled with Slow Roasted Pork, Ham, Melted Swiss Cheese, Pickles and Mustard) . So tasty and full of flavor.

Dinner 
I ordered my favorite - CHICKEN MADEIRA -Sautéed Chicken Breast Topped with Fresh Asparagus and Melted Mozzarella Cheese. Covered with Fresh Mushroom Madeira Sauce and Served with Mashed Potatoes.  This meal is so good I forced (meaning restrained) myself to eat half so I can eat it for lunch the next day as well.

Hubby had the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Didn't look appealing to me....  Plus Hubby only had 4 shirmp :(   He was too nice to say anything but I'm sure if Shimp is in the title there should be more then 4.

Can't go to the Cheesecake factory without eating cheesecake.

I had FRESH STRAWBERRY CHEESECAKE    It was very tasty but I wish I was more adventurous and tried something unique.  

Hubby had the Tuxedo cheesecake which looked devine.

We found $10 parking (after 4) at 16th and Ranstead so we will definitely be back!
One thing dont expert same what we expert from other chesse cake factory 
Moo was our surver he is good , food was assume like always we had stuff mushroom .chickrn blast , tax max egg roll but I will tell u secret why I always love chese cake factory is ? Only standered ,I usually go at king of pusria they always have same dress for everyone and how they talk ,how they present everything ,still love this place but could be little bit more ,I will come back again ,thanks to be have this location in city .
Went here two days in a row and each time entire experience was tremendous. Food was great. Service spot on.menu huge & very busy with the other patrons food all looking  great and all seemingly enjoying themselves. servings are huge ..I'm not a big fan of cheese cake and never order it.however since I was there I felt obligated to try..it was delectable & a huge piece enough to share ..
An army of staff all with a outstanding attitude and friendly professionalism thats unfortunately not all that common anymore .
Big fan and i would highly recommend !
Had lunch at The Cheesecake Factory a couple of weeks ago....here are my thoughts:

Ambiance was really different...the restaurant was quiet and parties were very spaced out due to the pandemic. The place is so huge that it felt sadly cavernous. (Note to CF: Some music would have helped with the pin drop silence!)

Food was as delicious as always. Salmon was really tasty. We also ordered fish tacos, a chicken pasta (sorry I don't know which one), and avocado eggrolls. For dessert we took a slice of Linda's Fudge Cake to go.

Service was super friendly and our server was nice enough to include freshly baked bread in our to-go bag of leftovers and dessert. I wish I remember his name because he was really a standout nice guy.

One star off because the menus were as filthy as always and I didn't want to touch them! Also, my glass was dirty and we had two dirty forks out of the 5 of us. So I'm a bit concerned about sanitary practices as this Cheesecake Factory.

Overall we love Cheesecake Factory though and miss it and will return for sure if the area!
Downhill and overpriced. Not consistent in recipe.this happens at every location. Cheesecake goes bad after a day.
When my coworker suggested we go here for lunch, I couldn't believe it was built already! We stopped in for lunch with only an hour to spare and I was a little worried we would make it back in time. However, I was pleasantly surprised! The staff was very friendly and our server made her present known but didn't hover. I ordered the Beets & Goat Cheese and Edamame. Both dishes were good. My friend got the Turkey Burger, which she enjoyed. For a chain restaurant, this was a good experience. I would definitely return for lunch!
Overall, great experience at The Cheesecake Factory . I usually enjoy their seafood and most of their pasta dishes. The one thing that I've found disappointing, along with my friends, is their burger. I think the meat just doesn't taste good. The bread they serve, never disappoints. I love snacking on it while my appetizers and entrees come out. If you visit, do NOT leave without trying one of their cheesecakes! My favorite is the tiramisu cheesecake ! If you love chocolate, their Godiva one is rich in chocolate !
Amazing cheesecake, just too bad they don't have smaller size since it comes in a huge size and it gets hard to finish in the end. Good enough for a dinner tough. The personnel isn't very kind I must admit
I went here tonight with friends based on one of their recommendations and my inkling to want to try it out. We ate a table near the bar and had very friendly waitstaff who were quite accommodating but a little bit slow, the restaurant/bar area wasn't very crowded.  We each had a beverage and a skinny-liscious appetizer.  It took awhile for the food to arrive, I had a trio of lettuce wrapped tacos which were messy but very good. One friend enjoyed his flatbread pizza which sounded and looked delish, my other friend enjoyed her app but part of it wasn't great, I tried it and wasn't impressed.  All in all it was a fun evening, the music and ambiance was nice. $49 for 3 apps, 1 drink, 1 soft drink seems a little steep to me.  We were all hoping for a light, skinny- licious desserts which they don't offer. I will probably still come again but I was hoping for more.
DOOR DASH REVIEW:

i was so disappointed last night when my order arrived. my pasta was so dried up and had barely any sauce on it. my caesar salad was dry as well and could need way more dressing.

 i understand that delivery compromises the quality but for the price i paid, i expected much better. wont be ordering from here anytime soon
There are MANY better dining options in Center City. This place looks great, I'll give it that. But the food was just OK and the cocktails are super pricey. 

I don't typically go for the big chain restaurants, but I gamely went along today for a CF holiday work lunch for 12. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and was served way more bread than chicken. The fries on the side weren't very good. My friend ordered the soup and salad combo and they only had one soup on the menu, which was clam chowder. It was too peppery for her and the waitress offered to substitute fries for the soup, but there was no apology or flexibility on the substitution. (My friend declined the fries.) 

When we got the check, I realized that my sangria was $11.50, almost the same as my entree. Whaaaat? It wasn't even very good. I checked out other Yelpers' reviews and read that they don't put the cocktail prices on the menu. Not cool!
Went to lunch with a friend.  My friend ordered a burger and I ordered a "Make your Own Omelet" to go.  I ordered: Egg white, pepper, onions, ham, and mushroom with sweet potato fries and wheat toast.  I paid whatever price.  20 minutes later, end result, I received an egg yellow omelet with mushroom and peppers and wheat toast.  I noticed it was wrong but I had to get back to work.

They are batting less than .500 on my order.  Thanks Shannen N.
Omg !!! The best place for a nice dinner in Philadelphia, as always Cheesecake factory!!
Our server was friendly. That's the best thing i can say about our experience tonight.  We waited an extremely long time to be served dinner salads and when the salads were finally delivered only 4 of the 5 were correct.  So the 5th one was sent back and our friend was told that waited (she didn't even have an appetite anymore) 
 hers to finally be served, after the rest of us were basically finished ours.  The table next to us arrived after we did, were served their hot dinners and were eating by the time we had called over the manager to complain on the missing salad. The kitchen was unable to create a simple timely salad There were just 5 of us dining tonight. Manager comped the completed5th salad. Nothing else was done by the manager to leave us satisfied with this dining experience.  Don't waste your TIME and $.
This place is a nightmare. It took us 43 minutes to order our entrees. An hour later - still no food. R u trying to kill me? Once the food comes out our waitress is nowhere to be seen meanwhile I'm choking down spicy hot pasta with 0 liquids. The entire process took about 2 hours and 40 minutes. I'm very upset.
Went there for lunch with my husband & my newborn. I loved the food, ambience is pretty nice...we sat on the patio. Would definitely go back again!
Just paid $17 for a nothing entree! This is ridiculous! Got the shrimp pasta and there is maybe 1/8 a cup of pasta. This is ridiculous. I called to complain and the lady just put me on hold. 

Update - management contacted me back, so hopefully they do something about this.
As someone who is part of the industry and has been to Cheesecake multiple times, my friends and I were especially disappointed. The food was fine, you always know what to expect. 

The service: To our server James, I guess he was having an especially bad day (we know bc he complained to us and our surrounding tables multiple times how he's been here all day). His banter with other tables as well as ours was EXTREMELY uncomfortable and inappropriate!!! Things were said that should NEVER be said as a server or by anyone in the service industry. 

We waited an absurd amount for literally every part of our meal. We didn't get water or greeted for a good 10 minutes, in an empty restaurant. After we paid the check (which when we corrected him he told us to just give him $** amount bc I guess he didn't feel like changing it in the computer) and tipped him we waited around for our to go cheesecakes patiently even after everything, he finally came up to our table and said "you can stay as long as you like I'm just gonna get this out of your way" and took my friends tipped check and the menus, but ignored the empty dishes in front of us. Then we told him we're sitting here waiting for our cheesecakes, which he so obviously forgot. Even after very clearly letting him know how to separate them for the 3 of us he brought it over in one bag... I am extremely forgiving of service where ever I go, and never leave this long of a review, unless it is this bad and a place where I expect a higher standard.
This place is awesome! If you just want a casual but sort of classy night out or lunch eat here! I went here for happy hour last week which was my first time! I love their happy hour i never even knew it existed until my friend told me! The cocktails are 5$ and beers are 4$ and their starters and small plates are 5$ and original sized. It was totally worth it! My friend and I had 3 drinks each and 2 small plates, paid 20$ for a great time! Their drinks are strong and the waiter was amazing. I hate how this place doesnt have proper reservation timings and its more of a wait. It gets a bit chaotic but totally worth it!
I came here with a group of seven and we chose it to accommodate the large party and for a wide menu.  Both of those aspects were great, otherwise it was a disappointing experience. 

We were seated instantly but then waited at least a half an hour for a sever to walk by.  Once they noticed us we finally got some water.  Three different servers came over and bickered to us about whose fault it was for the long wait.  There was then confusion as to who should take the order.  We asked for seven separate checks which one waitress said was okay and confused another.  Everyone apologized for the confusion but blamed each other and other factors instead of just apologizing.  Our waitress was somewhat curt and not particularly friendly.  

Once we finally ordered, it took an unreasonable amount of time for our food to come (it was not crowded that night!).  The food was decent, about what was to be expected.  However, our waitress never asked if we wanted more drinks or really paid us much attention.  

Once the meal was done, she brought us checks without asking if we wanted dessert!  Some of us wanted cheesecake (It is the Cheesecake Factory after all!) but since the whole process was so painful no one ordered anything.  She messed up three checks which took forever to sort out.  

The food was fine but the service was extremely lacking.  All seven of us are extremely patient and understanding, yet everyone said they wouldn't be going back.
I always have a good meal at any Cheesecake Factory but we were on vacation in philly and decided to stop, this was one of the best experiences we've had at a restaurant. I wish I could remember our waitresses name but she was amazing and super nice. If we were ever in the area again we would definitely come back.
This Cheesecake Factory is two stories. Unexpected 30 minute wait on a Sunday night for a table for four. Please turn the dimmer up so there's some lighting. I like ambiance but there's a problem when you can barely see the food in front of you. Table and silverware was unkempt. For some reason, there were still cloth napkins from the previous party before us on the ground.

Server was solid. Seemed like they were understaffed this night because he did not appear until we were 10 minutes into looking at the menu. Hostess did not set up smaller plates to share. 

Food portions were huge and everything came out hot and delicious. 6 beers on tap and over 280 menu items.
This review is only for Happy Hour. Monday - Friday 4p-6p. 5.50 for all drinks, a BROAD selection of appetizers, and the Happy Hour burger. This is seriously one of the BEST happy hours in Center City. The drinks actually taste like alcohol and almost everything is served in a regular glass (the kind you'd get for a regular soft drink). The bartenders are also very nice and friendly overall. I can't speak to anything other than happy hour and the delicious cheesecakes which I love. I personally think 7.95 for a cheesecake is great.
The food and atmosphere was decent but they screwed my check up and charged my card multiple times. After probably 15 minutes of trying to get it fixed, I'm pretty sure that I'm still screwed, but didn't want to devote anymore time to the ordeal.
A+++++! Our server was great, everything we had was great. The managers came around to check on us and were very friendly and sincere. We had the artichoke appetizer and I highly recommend it. I suggest you park nearby, because you will have leftovers! Such a great addition to the city.
I love the Cheesecake Factory and was excited that one just opened in center city. Like the other locations I've visited, the food is so good and the portions are huge. Customer service was great which is another plus. Highly recommend the monte cristo for brunch.
My co-workers and I went to the Cheesecake Factory to meet over lunch. Upon our arrival, one of my co-workers saw a roach on the floor, we thought that might have been a single incident until after being seated at our table; we placed our orders, was engaged in discussion at which point one of my co-workers saw another roach on the back of my seat, after some bewilderment, we get up, while another of my co-workers kill the roach; the manager comes over and offers us a seat in another location, we say fine; until while standing waiting to be seated we see yet another roach crawling on another seat. The manager acknowledged that there had just been extermination. At that point we all opted to leave the establishment as none of us had much of an appetite after that incident. I highly recommend that extermination be done after hours and allow enough time so that bugs such as roaches be totally eliminated before the establishment reopens. Unfortunately, I will not be back to that particular Cheesecake Factory and will probably be suspicious of others. If the dining area was like that, I can only imagine how things were in the kitchen where there's much more food.
This place was my go to after work. We even began  to plan a company gathering there this summer, however, I started to have bad experiences about a month ago. I ordered takeout twice. Food is scarce, reheated or freezer burned. My first takeout order was through post mates. The food was freezer burned and looked very old. We made two complaints over the phone and another via corporate Facebook. We were denied a refund or gift card three times. Cheesecake repeatedly stated that we should contact Postmates, which is ridiculous given the delivery service has nothing to do with the quality of food.
This weekend, we decided to give this location another try, thinking it was just a goof. I went down to the location and picked up the food. I had three orders of fish and chips. I opened the first box of fish/fries and tasted them. They seemed to be okay so I took the food home. When I got home, I quickly realized why the takeout section is so dark. The fish were tiny, some as small as your pinky finger and about an inch thick. We each got one scoop of cold slaw, put very sloppily into the bottoms of small containers. We had a small amount of fries which were put into paper bags instead of inside the container with the fish. This looked like it was done purposefully to appear fuller in quantity. My guests complained of the taste and reheated fries. This Cheesecake Factory does not respect or honor its customers so I didn't even call to complain. We wasted 60 dollars and went to the supermarket to buy our own fish. Don't go here. Very disappointed because this location was pretty good until now. See pictures of food in the photo section, if you care to look. The first photo was via Post-mates on 5/5 (old and or freezer burned food). The second picture shows CF's response when I requested a refund for that meal. The third was from this past weekend 5/19. I only touched the tartar sauce slightly. The fish and cold slaw were received as it appears in the photo. It's so sloppy and scarce it looks like leftovers.
We came here for lunch today. The lettus wraps were served with wilted brown lettus, after we asked for fresh lettus we were brought a mix of fresh and wilted. The chicken it came with had skin on pieces which wasn't appealing. The chicken was also difficult to cut. The fresh vegetable salad was mostly lettus. We've ordered both dishes at other franchises and had much better experiences. The waiter was nice but we are currently still waiting to overpay for our rather disappointing lunch.

We will not return to this location.
