Racist...won't be back

Went there w/ a friend.  She ordered a burger medium well and when it came back well done, she asked for another.  The server took it back w/ a slight attitude and the cook actually came out.  Would have been a good move, except that he felt she should keep the burger b/c "black ppl usually order their meats well done."  Ha!  The audacity.  We left and will continue to spread the word.
I don't know much about the "cafe" part of this charming BYOB, but I do know that their kitchen turns out satisfying fare and that their friendly staff are happy to serve it to you.

Their brunch menu is a familiar mix of dishes and sides, including croissants, steak, and scrambled eggs. Their smoked salmon bagel sounded tasty, but feeling traditional - Sundays have a way of doing that - I chose a few items a la carte, mixing Canadian bacon and pancakes, and adding eggs sunnyside up. Bacon was tender, and a slathering of syrup helped the pancakes along. Servings weren't overwhelming, but considering the sweltering weather, no complaints. Especially once I started downing my virgin mimosa.

Next time I'll pass on the outdoor seating and head indoors; their cafe chairs sure looked comfy!
Stopped in today for a cup of java with a friend. Reminds me of someone's grandma's house turned into a cute little Cafe. Coffee was good. It was around 1pm and I was surprised to find that the  coffee wasn't stale. Plans were to sit outside but the uncovered tables with the sun beaming down in 90 degrees wasn't exactly inviting so we took a walk to Cedar Park under some shade.  

We decided to come back for lunch an hour later. Place  is a little small in the front but I tend to like establishments like this. Kinda has a community /homey feel to it and no one feels like a stranger. We waited a minute or so for a table in the back. Felt like I was sitting in my grandmother's dining room. Loved the  setup and ambiance. Cool artwork on the walls. Bubbly waitress gave us the specials, a carafe of cool ice water and let us be for a few to peruse the menu. 

Unlike some reviewers, I thought the prices were pretty reasonable. Sandwiches, soups, salads and burgers. Variety but not overwhelming where you're taking fifteen minutes to decide what to eat. I usually don't drink water at restaurants because it always tastes like tap water or has a kinda "mineral" after taste yuck! But this ice water, was cool and refreshing with no tap taste. Menu in hand,  I had no clue what I wanted. I wanted to try something new so I went with the flank steak sandwich. My Date had the gazpacho and a sandwich. Can't remember which one though. He liked the  gazpacho but said it needed salt. 

Food came out in less than ten minutes.. Good thing because I was hungry. My sandwich was on this super soft sourdough bun.. Amazing texture and taste. Came with a side salad of red leaf lettuce, tomatoes, carrots and radishes. Red pepper dressing. I gave the side eye to the tiny container of dressing but to my surprise, it was just the right amount! My steak sandwich was great.  Steak was cooked well done, I do prefer a medium.. But I enjoyed it nonetheless. One small gripe was just that they give you a single napkin. Literally just one lol. I'm use I could have asked for more though. 

I'd definitely come back here for lunch. It's a small place and I'm sure the wait times are crazy on weekends so it'll be a weekday thing for me. Oh yes,  it's BYOB.. So bring your bottles.. Cheers!
I've come here for a number of years, but I won't anymore. Recently I've encountered a horrible customer service experience as a young black man. I came into the cafe and ordered the deluxe bagel. I asked if it could be made into a sandwich instead of everything on the side. He looked at me and said 'no, I'm not going to do that.' When I asked him why not he stated 'It's annoying, and I'm the only person in here.' I looked around the restaurant, I was the only person being served and the cafe was not busy.  After this I asked for a manager, he said there was none on staff, I then asked for his name and a number to reach the manager, he said his name was Chris, and to call the restaurant, but the manager wouldn't be in the whole day. I can't say this experience surprises me. It's part of a disturbing trend I've noticed in gentrified Philly of young white men not wanting to serve black men. This was the first place I ate at in Philly, needless to say it won't be the last.
Unsure how much worse management and service can get in a restaurant. Arrived and ordered a wrap without the beans and tomatoes. The brought me a wrap with beans inside and when I asked to have a _new_ without beans and tomato they clearly took the same one and had the beans removed as I found small bean traces and pieces the second time. When I asked again for another one the manager came clearly annoyed at me. In the third order they brought me the wrap but (for cost efficiency?) they didn't add any sour cream and the chicken was overly bland and watery from a fresh boil. A very obvious rushed order. I addressed the issue and the manager came to me and told me and I quote that 'normally this is not an order they should have accepted as the wrap comes only with beans and tomato and that's the recipe'. I was _forced_ to a refund, without the tip which stayed at the restaurant, and an obviously fake apology and their hope that next time things will go better and they pretty much asked me to leave. I entered the restaurant and 20 minutes later I left without any food and a tip worth of money less.

Gold standard really used to be a gem in the neighborhood food scene but with management changes things have changed a lot. And this is reflected both in food quality and in service. Friends like this place for convenience so I've been there a couple of times more. The food is really not that good. Brunching standards in the neighborhood are much higher with places like Aksum and Renata's and besides the baseline nice ambiance of the place there is nothing that happens in the kitchen that elevates it
The West Philly community has indeed been waiting around with curiosity and anticipation for here to open. Ever since I saw them setting up shop if been looking forward for here to open. And even though I've had a mixed bag of experiences with Abraccio, I expected here to deliver smashingly. I still feel that way, but ordering wrong on my first attempt showed me that they still have some kinks to work out.

Since I've been eating a carnivorous crap load of meat I decided to counterbalance and get some veggies on my platter. And after reading through the sandwiches the one that offered eggplant, artichoke hearts, and roasted peppers sounded like the way to go. While it delivered in taste, it left a LOT to be desired when it came to portion. With 2 slices of eggplant, a couple pieces of artichoke, a few roasted pepper strips, and a bit of greens, the sandwich clearly offered more bread than veggies. The portion of fries that it came with were also kind of on the skimpy side. The iced coffee I picked up was good, but it met the standard La Colombe expectations.

So while my first meal here left a lot to be desired, the place does have a lot to offer West Philly. It's a brunch spot that doubles over as a BYOB at night. And West Philly desperately needed another one of each. And while I could care less, I know plenty of people who are down with the fact that we have a La Colombe coffeehouse now. The outdoor seating and service were both beyond satisfactory. And I've heard great things about the burgers and chicken wings. So in a lot of ways Gold Standard has a lot to offer that can only get better with time.
The West Philly community has been waiting around, with a mixture of concern and anticipation, for the Gold Standard to open. Owned and run by the same team who brought us the  bland and substandard food of the (former) Abraccio, it was hard to muster more than a cautious hope. I stopped by this morning, on their third official open day, for an easy breakfast. 

There seemed to be a mom meeting going on when I arrived around 9:30AM - I guess the neighborhood has already embraced this cute building in a great corner location. The service was split - very nice and helpful (young man) and pretty flaky and un-self-assured from the coffee girl. I looked over the emptish deli case and perused the chalkboard menu. While the Gold Standard serves an official brunch on the weekends, they've just got a few quick options for weekly morning. The prices, I'll have to say, are more then fair and seem lovely low and consistent. 

I ordered a coffee and can't tell if I got charged an extra $.50 for the soy milk I added myself, or not.  The coffee, advertised as LaColombe, is weak, but I hear this can be remedied  by ordering an Americano. I got the "egg cup" - a grilled, chopped whole wheat tortilla mixed with scrambled eggs and cheese and topped with a a sort of tomato/corn/black bean salsa. It was actually quite good, though I have to question the choice to serve it in a giant coffee mug. It's sort of weird to start eating something when you don't know what's at the bottom, poking around with your fork before taking a bite. Why not serve it in a  bowl, or just leave it as a traditional grilled wrap? Hard to say. 

I'm interested to see how their evening dinner service and weekend brunch fairs, but for a quick breakfast stop-by on your way to the 34 trolley, I'd say it's A-OK.
This was a 4.5 star place, now, it's a complete wreck.

The owners used to bake their own vegan, gluten free, and high quality baked goods. Now, it seems he kitchen buys low quality white flower goods from a wholesale distributor.

The head chef used to put so much love into the plates: amazing French toast, eggs, and so on...

Now, the French toast is fried white bread and the eggs are the lowest quality, and mine came out watery.

I hear the business was sold. It's aparent that the new owners value profit margins over food quality.

I hope that things change. I don't believe in patronizing businesses like this. 

Hope this helps.

The service is also much worse. The quality and love seems to have been sucked from this business.
I've been twice so far and had mixed experiences.  The first time was great.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table.  The server was friendly and the food fairly priced.  The portions aren't huge, so if you're looking for a big, greasy hangover brunch, look elsewhere.  I had the tofu scramble, which was slightly bland but overall pretty good.  And for $4, who's complaining??

The second go-round left much to be desired.  There was a private party going on in the dining area, so I guess the staff and kitchen were really busy.  I asked one of the owners if we could seat ourselves outside, and he was a bit short with me.  Then we found out brunch ended at 1pm (what?!?!) and had to order lunch instead.  I got the black bean burger, which was pretty decent, but I really wanted pancakes!  Ketchup and napkins were nowhere to be found, and the kitchen forgot our friends' fries.  Oh well.

Both times I've been to Gold Standard, the servers and owners have been apologetic.  They obviously know they have some work to do.  It's too bad they couldn't have worked out some of these kinks before opening. All the same, I'll be back soon.  I'm going to give them a month or two to settle in, and then I look forward to trying the pancakes!
I mourn the loss of the Gold Standard where I've been going there for years.

Since they've been bought, they got rid of all their vegan treats. When I asked about it, the barista said that the new owners switched to a bakery owned by their friends, but I can walk up the street to Mariposa if I want a vegan whatever. 

The quality isn't the same for both food and service. 

Last week I walked up to the counter and the girl greeted me and told me to hold on. She walked out from behind the counter and started wiping down the tables in the cafe. While she was doing this, she took my order: a hot chocolate with soy milk. When she was done, she disappeared for five minutes. She came back and started doing other things, apparently the chocolate needed to be found in the basement. When I payed, she threw my debit card on the counter as if that was preferred over handing it to me. I continued to wait until I suggested I had a trolley to catch and that I've been in there for ten (almost fifteen) minutes. Suddenly, my drink was ready. 

Going forward, I might just walk down to the Green Line or Satellite Cafes instead. The food and drink are better at both and the staff are way nicer.
I normally never try and leave a bad review for an establishment that was re-introducing its brunch line-up, HOWEVER, I will make an exception for you, Gold Standard Café. 

Before I start, let me state that my fiancé and I have been frequent visitors of Gold Standard Café and no matter what, either they misplace our order ticket, the kitchen is back logged or we're greeted with some attitude. 

So yesterday, unbeknownst to us, we decided to eat breakfast the day that Gold Standard Café was re-introducing their brunch and wow was it a mess for us. 

We were promptly seated in the back and ordered coffee and 2 omelets--one with tomato, spinach and feta cheese and one with turkey sausage and American cheese. We received three refills of coffee during the HOUR it took to get our food. Finally, we had to say something to our waitress (who was the sweetest part of the experience) and she told us the kitchen lost our ticket. She was very apologetic about it, but still. Lost our ticket? We've been waiting for an hour and the people around us are getting their food before we did and we sure as hell were there first. 

We were given a croissant to make up for the experience and charged $24 for the food that came an hour late--and to make it all better--had no feta cheese in the one omelet--and the coffee. I mean, come on Gold Standard, you can charge us for the coffee because that was the only thing keeping our tummies full for the hour we waited, but charge us for the food that came out super late? Are you kidding me?

In the end, after all the experiences, especially this one, I think we are officially done with Gold Standard Café.
The gold standard has really went down hill in the past few months. I'm not writing this after 1 bad experience, but a cumulation of 4 or 5 bad experiences. The first problem that I have is the availability of food. It seems every time I go there they are out of something that I want. So a few times they were out of bacon, bagels, tomatoes, and other "staples". Next is the service, this is where it really has went down hill. The first time, I was seated by the waitress and sat there for 30 minutes waiting for someone to take my order - all the while the waitress was waiting on other tables around me - I ended up walking out. Last week, after I was done eating and received my check, I waited again 30 minutes for the waitress to take my check. Finally I had to go and complain to her because I literally couldn't wait any longer.

This is really disappointing as I used to absolutely love the Gold Standard - now i'm no longer going to be a customer.
I have to keep asking myself why I come here. Why? Whhhyyy, self? I've been here maybe 3 times in the last 4 years and each time I'm more dissapointed than the last. There is always a long wait for this super basic food. There arent many options I'm generally excited about... but this latest it was blatant lies about why our food took more than an hour long that really turned me off. Then when the food got there it was bland and dry. I had the vegan chicken blt club. Yuck. Just yuck. And although im not vegan I choose to eat as such often. I know what tasty vegan food tastes like...not a bland, dry, tough mess. My fiance ordered the salmon blt and was also underwhelmed. The best thing about the two dishes were the fries. They made us late for an appointment since we were there for 2 hours and we left smelling like fry cooks. Better vents, please! Never returning.
This review is for the food only, specifically the vegan meatball sub. 

I went to Gold Standard for lunch.

The vegan meatball sub was bad, bordering on disgusting. The vegan "meatballs" were flavourless and dry inside and tasted stale. The texture of the meatballs gave the impression that they'd been fried, sat around for a day, then fried again, then sitting around, then refried again -- very difficult to eat. Bread was a bit stale, like it was a day old. The sauce & vegan cheese were standard. Fries were fine.
Here's the thing.  The food is great, the owner is a nightmare.  Yelp is all about a comprehensive review so I'm just being honest.

Visited the restaurant for brunch on a Saturday with a party of 6.  They were able to seat us within 15 minutes even though they seemed to be quite busy.  We all ordered something different and everyone seemed to be satisfied with their meal.  I had a coffee and a cheddar and tomato omelet.  The eggs were absolutely delicious, not over-cooked which tends to happen with omelets, but perfectly moist and tender!  The omelet was served with an ample amount of roasted potatoes and a slice of toast.  It was truly the perfect amount of food.

The only downside to the actual meal was the weird club music that was playing loudly over the already loud dining room.  That was confusing.

Anyway, my friend's credit card was charged three times.  An honest mistake by our courteous server.  My friend called the restaurant to report the charge and was told by the owner that "this sort of thing just happens with debit cards".  As if it was her fault for having a debit card...never apologizing for the accident and letting her know she'll have her money back on Tuesday.  Being a student with low funds and in-between jobs, this put her in an uncomfortable moneyless situation.  She was never offered any sort of compensation.

She called back a day later to talk to the owner and just make it known that she was unsatisfied with the way things were handled and was told things such as "this really isn't a big deal".  Again, she explained that maybe not for him but for her it was all of her money.  So anyway, as she kept her calm, the owner began yelling at her and eventually hung up on her.  This just seems inappropriate.  As someone who has worked in customer service for years, I know (unfortunately) that it's typically the irrational customer's job to yell at the worker, and am still baffled at the treatment my friend received from this person. 

So like, great food but really terrible management.  It's a toss up.
when i walked inside gold standard yesterday afternoon, a old michael franti song was playing. this made me happy.

i perused the menu for quite some time (as all of the options sounded good and were reasonably priced) before finally placing my order with the patient man behind the counter for an iced latte and eggs in a cup. by the time i parked myself & my laptop at a window counter seat, a phish track came on. this made me very happy.

i sipped on my latte, made with la colombe beans. many philly yelpers like to hate on LC, but not me. it makes me happy.

then, my food arrived. as advertised, it was a glass filled with scrambled eggs, a bean & corn salsa and pieces of whole wheat tortilla which i portioned out onto the accompanying plate bit by bit as i tapped away at the 'puter. this $4 meal was tasty, and stayed hot in its glass over the course of the hour or so in which i ate it. 

overall....gold standard makes me happy.
Let me start by saying that I've never been to the Gold Standard before, so I don't know if today was an isolated incident or not but.... Long story short, I had to wait 50 minutes for a waffle, scrambled eggs and chorizo. My mom (who waited with me) ordered a bagel egg and sausage. After we got the food home my mom noticed that her bagel was missing the sausage.

I'll also add that the cashier although courteous, handled money and pastries and bagels without gloves. To top it all off the food was average at best. And the food isn't cheap!
I've been here a couple of times for their cafe menu, and I have to say I'm not really a fan. The service is slow and extremely inattentive, and the prices are average. Which would be okay, if the food weren't so boringly mediocre. It's seriously not good. From a place called "Gold Standard", I expect better. I can make these sandwiches myself at home, and not only would they taste better, I wouldn't need to pay $9+tip and tax. 

Maybe their brunch is better? I hope for their sake that it is.
The gold standard has vegan dishes. If you are vegan and don't do dairy some of there dishes are prepared with butter milk and egg.so ask before you buy it
The so called chef is not a chef and some of the dishes are questionable. I worked there and they dairy up a lot of there food. Trust me........
When the previous owners were in charge, things were a whole lot better. Since new owners arrived in summer, recipes have changed, vegan options diminished, prices were raised and even the pretty red walls in dining room are gone. I live so close  and want to support local businesses, but I am not coming back. Like in baseball. 3 strikes and you are out.

First off,  Good quality gone out window, for example, if you order the falafel sandwich you used to get this vegan version of tzatziki sauce made with tofu and lemon. It was delicious. Last time, I got something that was dull in flavor. Also,had to wait for my carry out because a catering job was more important than the walk in customer. Also, house dressing with salads was homemade. The last time, it was a store bought flavor with too much vinegar. 2nd example, today, I ordered the quiche. It used to be delicious. Today, it tasted like frozen store bought crust and shallow pie pan is used. Flavor was ok, but I know I can make it better. 
In addition to changing recipes,  I believe they are using cheaper and store bought ingredients and gone is the pride. The pastry chef used to come out of kitchen with the newest vegan pie or cake for display cake. 
Secondly, I used my Christmas gift card to pay for my meal. I paid tip in cash. So, when I used card again, it declined. The bank balance said Gold Standard debited $13.93, sub total $11.61. If you do the math, $13.93 is the 20% tip amount. I called then came in restaurant with proof (tablet and logged onto TD bank). Since when do they charge recipient fee? I used at movie theatre after meal and the Rave didn't charge me fee.
Lastly, this is a small business. Big or small, should be more customer focused. I came into the restaurant with proof of the gift card and they act as if I or the bank are to blame. They won't be reimbursed the $2.93. I thin ksince they are making changes, change the name of business to Not A Gold Standard anymore. I will not be returning.
West philly brunch go-to spot. Dear Gold Standard: you always put a smile on my face. Sometimes you don't cook my food perfect or get my order exactly right. But I sort of don't care because you're charming as heck.
For a great locale and renovation, yet another not-quite-mediocre restaurant by these owners

They buy almost all the cheapest ingredients possible.  When it first opened, my wife and I saw the Sysco truck unloading food products, and we said, "uh-oh"
Under the previous owners, the Gold Standard was passable. The new owners, however, seem not to care about their clientele. We ordered bagels with cream cheese and lox. The bagels were there with one piece of anemic lox in the middle and a single dollop of cream cheese. For the price, it was ridiculous. Better to go down the street and buy the lox, cream cheese, and bagels from Mariposa. Same price, much better quality and quantity. The coffee is mediocre at best. We do not want to risk having dinner there. I would suggest the new owners of Gold Standard make the trip to South Philly to visit Benna's Cafe to learn about coffee and bagels.

Skip the Gold Standard. It's not worth your money or time.
Had a fairly terrible experience here a few days ago, which saddens me as I used to go here often. I hope this is not indicative of the new management.

My boyfriend and I wanted to get some food before heading over to an event. We came by around 4:15; we needed to leave at 5-ish. Considering both of us just wanted a sandwich, not a tall order, right?

A waitress came to get our orders, and everything seemed fine. She said she'd be right back with some water for the table. She wasn't. We kept waiting and waiting, and finally my boyfriend's food came, but still no water, and no waitress. We had to ask the food runner to get us some. We'd been sitting there for 20 minutes at least, at an empty table, and no one thought that it might be appropriate to bring some water glasses over.

It was already close to 4:45, and we kept thinking that surely my part of the order would be out any minute now... when we called the waitress over to ask what was going on, it turned out:

a) they were out of a key ingredient from the thing I ordered, and no one bothered to tell us
b) no one actually even started on my order.

The waitress was really apologetic, and promised that whatever I ordered instead would be on the house. It was getting really close to our leaving-time, but she said she'd expedite the order. (My boyfriend had long finished eating at this point.) She did get it out relatively quickly. Except... it did not come with the right side. It came with fries. I did not want fries. I gave them to my bf.  At this point I did not feel up to even trying to get the side I actually wanted; we just needed to eat and run.

When the bill came, it turned out my order was not comped after all; I was just given a 25% discount. I had actually ordered a cheaper item than my original request (really, they couldn't have comped that?) so it was basically $2 off the total. Hooray.

We ended up only being able to leave at 5:15, and I was really upset, since the restaurant had been my idea. We should have gone with my boyfriend's suggestion. We would have been on time and I would even have possibly gotten to eat food I actually ordered.
I am honestly disappointed with my first experience. I picked up my order 45 mins mins later even though they told me it would be 20 mins. I checked my order just to make sure it was correct and this is exactly what my food looked like after the guy gave me my bag. I didn't want to make a big deal because my boyfriend and I were hungry and ready to go. The taste is okay but honestly I would recommend Rose Petal Cafe any day over this place.
Outside the b-fast, coffee  and a few lunch items, this is as mediocre a place as there is in the neighborhood and in philly.  They are so accustomed to churn out food that is so tasteless, as they have at the original GSC, Palladium and Abbraccio.  They never go the extra mile to uplift this place to something other than mediocrity.  The hummus, the red pepper, the crabcake all flavorless.  Olives from a can? Are you kidding me.  I'm done with this Lead Standard Cafe.  Sure it's a neighborhood place but that is not an excuse for sub-standard food.  For those who give this a 4 or 5 star rating, please try some real restaurants.  You just encourage the owners to do nothing but churn out mediocre food.
Terrible service, mediocre food. I likely will not return because the service was appalling.

My SO wanted to eat here with friends on Valentine's Day, so I called ahead to see if I could schedule a reservation for brunch. All of their signage outside says "call and make your reservations," and both Yelp and their website list it. When I called Gold Standard, the man I spoke with said they don't really do reservations for brunch, but that they'd have a table set up for me. When we showed up and said we had a reservation, we were told that they don't take reservations and didn't have anything written down about our party. 15 minutes later, they said they 'found' our reservation, and then we waited for another 10 minutes or so before sitting.

We had both brunch and regular menus in front of us. When our waiter came by to take our order, he told us that 3 of the 10 or so options on the brunch menu were sold out. When someone wanted to order a sandwich, we were told that that's on the *lunch* menu, not brunch, and that they don't serve lunch until after brunch closes. Funny, because breakfast and lunch are on the same menu. It doesn't specify ANYWHERE that burgers have to wait until after 2 pm. I'm fine if you want to have these restrictions, but you need to make them known.

Among other things, our server was constantly MIA (which is impressive because the dining area is pretty small) and he forgot about our drink order. Our server held the hot coffee pot within inches of my friend's face without noticing.

The best part of the meal were the potatoes we got on the side. Not enough to keep me coming back.
We've been to GS about 10 times total. The food is pretty good two thirds of the time, and just ok at other times. 

Unfortunately, the sit-down service is terribly run and usually very very slow. I actually have no major issues with the waitstaff; the problem seems to be poor management. This morning's hostess/front of house manager provided the worst customer service I've experienced at a Philadelphia restaurant in ages

We arrived at about 9:30am while there were many visibly open tables. We waited for about 5 minutes before any of the 5 employees present even acknowledged us. The hostess/manager then came out and confirmed that we were a table of three, and said "just a minute". Then she walks into the seating area starts getting a table ready, then answers the phone, and then walks back to us and says "Sorry! Murphy's law!" before shrugging and just totally walking away. We assumed she'd be right back. Alas, after waiting 10 more minutes (with an increasingly fussy toddler) I simply asked a waitress if we could get a table and explained that the hostess had become preoccupied. The waitress was lovely and apologized for the inconvenience. (I do want to note that in the midst of this bad review, our waitress really was great, and did a lot to make up for the otherwise awful service.)

Later in the meal, I was going to take our kid for a mid-meal walk, and the hostess tried to convince me to stay put (no thanks) by giving my toddler a plastic clamshell container and a knife calling it "restaurant drums". Are you serious?!! Neither we nor other diners would want to listen to that. I politely refused and told her we'd rather not have that. This lady clearly has terrible intuition about how to craft a comfortable and welcoming dining experience. 

Since we weren't having a pleasant experience, we got our food wrapped up to go. Upon sampling my toddler's french toast this evening, we were absolutely appalled to find that it had a staple in it. A STAPLE. In french toast for A TODDLER.

We're disinclined to return until someone else is in charge of front-of-house.
The restaurant does not meet the gold standard in any important categories (taste, price, ambiance, service) but is still a decent spot (except for putting wasabi on the croque madame without mentioning it on the menu...who does that?). What left a bad taste in my mouth was the fact that the owner asked us to leave because "it's Saturday and we're really busy." We'd been seated about 30 minutes (and were surrounded by tables that had been there much longer). I'll buy my $13 "gourmet" chipped beef in a can at Aldi next time and save you the trouble of kicking us out.
The food quality seems to have gone down with the new ownership. If you order a bagel be prepared for the cream cheese on the side with barely enough for a half bagel.

*I lowered my rating to one star after seeing someone had already complained about the meager portions on a bagel with lox and cream cheese. It's pretty absurd and I am shocked they are still scamming people with these portions.
Before the new owners, it was a good spot for coffee and a quick bite.  Overpriced, and meh food... but at least they were open, and the coffee was good.
The new owners changed the coffee (the new stuff is horrible!), and raised the prices.  The service is 100x worse, if that's even possible (it was always bad).  The food is ridiculous!  I read one of the other reviews about the bagel deluxe, and had the same experience.  Tiny, sad looking piece of warm salmon, old stale bagel that tasted like it was frozen, and a little dab of cream cheese.  For $9!!  

Then, I started to go there only when I'm in desperate need of coffee... I stopped in earlier today, and with one person in front of me (and NO ONE else in the place, which is the norm now)... the barista was flirting with her, which I usually think is sweet... but after 6 minutes (YES, I kept track, as I was on a time crunch) and not even a nod in my direction, I left.  
I'm done, and it's a shame, as it's a block from me and I used to go daily.  
Please West Philly, can we get a decent coffee shop?
If I could give ZERO STARS, I would without hesitation. We had a catering order which was the most awful delivery of food I have EVER received (coffee was cold and burned, pastries were rock solid and tasteless, salad was brown, sandwiches were soggy, pasta salad was completely bland). I emailed the owner who could not be bothered by my issues until I stated we would not be paying for the order unless he took my complaints seriously. They offered to give us a free order in the future to "redeem themselves" and we agreed. The order was supposed to be delivered TODAY, confirmed TWICE this week. By the time the order was 20 minutes late for delivery I called and was told the order was not placed. I could not be more disappointed in this establishment.
Over the last two years I once had a good hamburger here and once I had an OK breakfast. I haven't been back because the service is often slow.

So.....a year later I decided to give this place another try. It was Saturday brunch and busy, and the owner (I think) noted that there was a wait to sit inside but if a table was free we could sit outside right away. It wasn't too cold so we decided to sit outside.

The only free table still had dishes, but we sat down anyway to claim our spot. A few minutes later the waiter came over, looked at us like we were odd or crazy, and then noted that the table was dirty. We said yes, we'll wait for it to be cleaned.

Problem #1 - I think what you're supposed to do is come over and say something like 'Hey, welcome. Just give me a second and I'll clean the table for you then get you a menu".

Problem #2 - We sat for several minutes and the table never was cleaned and it didn't look likely that we were going to anytime soon get a clean table or a menu. 

We left and went to Honest Tom's Tacos.

I don't blame the waiter. I blame the management - I don't think they have ever made any attempt to train the waitstaff and they also don't seem to hire enough waitstaff to provide reasonable service when it's busy.

The owners/management should spend a day at Honey's to see how a real restaurant works.

Maybe I'll come back in two years to see if anything has changed but maybe not.
Really rude waitress. Took 20 min to even come to my table so I ended up ordering food from the counter server not knowing that he outside tables were for server service only. When she finally showed up she told me that because I had ordered from the counter gentleman directly I would be asked to stand up from our table if another customer wanted "server" table service. As if!!! Told her she could discuss that with her manager. After that she didn't even acknowledge us at all.
God awful service. First time I've ever left a $0 tip. 

Was about 45 mins between arrival and receiving the wrong food. Place was dead. Had to run to the coop to grab something to feed my kid before our flight because the waitress f'ed up our order. Not sure if she's ever been to a restaurant herself. Didn't seem to understand a thing about her job. She was kind of a prick.
My first time going there: I ordered a coffee and asked to have it in a cup as I was sitting and let them know that I was planning to order breakfast later. Despite my request, I was given a to go cup because i didn't order food right away, and I personally can't stand useless plastic waste! I then went to sit outside on a table and a little later was pressured by the owner to order food or leave the table. I would have understood if people were queuing for a table and if he asked me gently to order so he could sit those people faster, but guess what? nobody was waiting! Easy to understand why the place is not very popular! The owners should rethink their business strategy, and be more friendly with their clientele. The result: I left without ordering , do not plan on going back, and will let my community of friends know about their way of making business. Thankful they have really competent staff, to whom I wish  good luck!
I waited over 30 minutes for two egg sandwiches to go - ridiculous! When we finally got our breakfast sandwiches, they had forgotten the sausage on one (which costs $2.50 to add!) and the eggs were runny. Over-priced and too long of a wait. I live around the corner so I've had this reaction to Gold Standard more than once but this is last experience was the straw that broke the camels back for me - I will no longer be giving them my business.
This is a cute little place, with great potential!! It sits on Baltimore & 48th st,nice area-parking can be found everywhere -as this area is residential, so no kiosk to worry about parking time. If your a local, grabbing quick bite or coffee, you might be OK, but a mutual friend wanted us to try this place.I didn't get chance to read my Yelp-so I went in Blind!! : {. 
They had seating outside, which is nice on warmer day, slight chillier for me to sit out, On the inside, look- small  tables, for quick latte &  read your newspaper, but our friend said they had a dining area, for brunch. I started to notice people just standing around(course-they were waiting to be Seated -as well) 20-25 min later, they lead us to back -gorgeous room with chair rail, clay red color, fireplace,photos on the wall -which were priced, apparently for sale. Reminds you of a room in house. The servers, waitresses were not efficient. Note**: If you have plans to be some where else, THIS IS NOT PLACE FOR YOU!!!!! ***They mentioned something got screwed up on our order, it would be right out. The boards had nice variety, even had ice cream & gelato,but the service was SOO Damn Slow!!! Don't think they have gotten their kinks out, still not efficient on service, looked like one person manning the back dining area, and the owners were helping. Not sure if one chef, or cook in back. Our friend ordered pancakes, they were room temperature(cold), our french toast were very small, with rum sauce, I had to hail waitress over for napkins & coffee refills couple times.Don't get me wrong, they were nice , but it wasn't automatic,would I go back-maybe, but not for any big parties, we ONLY had 3 of us, took them Forever to get us seated, let alone the food took EVEN Longer to arrive. I can't even imagine our normal 8-10 party-we'd be there for 4 hours-they AREN"T EFFICIENT IN TIME MANAGEMENT -AT ALL!! ** I can't stress enough, if you have plans to be somewhere, movies, etc, don't come here for brunch!!! Won't make it, You would think the chef is the owner & server, all in one! Too Damn slow. !! I'd go back to grab quick bite,or drink..No sit down!!! Go to my favorites in Northern Liberties or Center city-first!!
Ah, I want to love The Gold Standard, I really really do. West Philly desperately needs a good brunch place, and God help me if the interior and location aren't both excellent (the intersection of 48th and Baltimore can feel positively Parisian at times).

That said, the prices are high and the food just isn't that great. It's mostly standard diner fare, delivered weekly by the Cisco truck, and the kitchen has a very tough time dealing with brunch rushes.

As a coffee shop, however, The Gold Standard fares pretty well. It's a lovely little spot to sit down and watch the world go by, and you can't go wrong with La Colombe coffee. So come in, linger with a cup, but go somewhere else for dinner.
As a huge sucker for outdoor seating, I was pleased when we were able to grab a sidewalk table right when we showed up around 11am last Sunday. Its location on a big, confusing five-corner intersection means a great street-watching opportunity....a parade of hoopties, handsome bicycles, and dog-walkers.

The coffee is good -- not great, but strong and satisfyingly acidic. My tofu scramble was decent, especially for the price ($4). The host was very friendly but a little harried. Same goes for the waitress -- maybe this has something to do with how the cafe is organized, with the distance between the indoor and outdoor seating areas. Overall, it definitely feels recently-opened, and I agree with what other reviewers have written about the cafe needing to work out the kinks...but it's a solid brunch, friendly staff, and a great intersection.
I still love this spot, but its So out of my way..West Philly..But parking -When you get there is easy, all around-since its residential. Parked right in front. Meeting my brunch buddy. They serve Le Columbe coffee-which is always a plus,she got us on list for dining area, finally we got seated. We ordered the Croissant French Toast with Strawberry compoteand aside crispy bacon.. The owners & waiters are Still Not as attentive, still slow. Took couple trys to get my coffee refilled. Like the place , the dining area, puts up paintings of local artists which you can purchase so they change every so often. Love the eclectic feel. Getting there is pain, unless your local..nice spot to run in get your coffee or tea & quick Bite..
When news spread that Abbraccio was closing, the general reaction was, "Really? Oh, hey, did you see that thing on TV last night?" But people in West Philly are forgiving, so the prospect of a new Coffee/Brunch/BYOB, even from the same owners, was pretty exciting.

I had some hope that Gold Standard would outshine its predecessor. The decor is super cute. The brunch fare is cheap but very tasty. I had the waffle cup with bacon, and if I were going to rate this place on the bacon alone, it would probably get four stars.

The people who actually run the restaurant, on the other hand, lose serious points. The host greeted us with an apathetic stare and pointed to our table from across the room. That short-haired lady, who I guess is one of the owners, was a familiar site at Abbraccio and seems no happier about life in a new setting. 

My order came out completely wrong, and by the time the right order was ready, my dining partner had long finished her meal. I asked for the food to be boxed up, and I got a half-meaningful apology with no eye contact. The only one who redeemed the experience at all was the jittery, socially awkward server who couldn't really handle the ten tables in the dining room. He stuttered out, "I'm so sorry," a couple of times, and I wanted to be nice to him, but I was hungry and cranky and irritated at the whole experience.

I don't expect hugs to feel welcome in a restaurant, but if I want to feel dismissed, I'll go to Satellite. They have better coffee, anyway.
Been here several times over the last 5 years, what an interesting fluctuation. Sad to say a full 360 seems to have happened here. 

First year, I stopped in for tea occasionally and then a handful of times for brunch or lunch. The food was never fresh and fruit was often served with mold on it. The toilet called every time moments after. I stopped going.

About a year later I gave it another try and was so surprised, everything was absolutely delicious, it became my go to brunch spot!

The owners just sold it and although I really enjoy some of the decor changes the food is once again stomach upsetting. The potatoes, well I'm not even sure you should count them as potatoes I have no idea what these things could be. Everything is $2.50 more than it use to be. This was my 4th time in since the new owners took over, the food is less than mediocre again and diners are asked to leave as soon as they are finished eating with the promise of a free dessert if they want one on the way out. 

Hire the old cook back, stop the shortcuts on food and stop running people out to make another buck. Make the gold standard above standard again- we miss it! Sadly won't be back until then.
How do you not love this place? Ok I'm biased in that I really only come for brunch. Now I'll be honest, I closely associate brunch with mimosa. In fact I can't imagine one without the other. 

So the first time that I came, though the food was delicious, I was so confused that I couldn't order mimosas. However, I then noticed that they offer carafes of orange juice and encouraged you to BYOB. Luckily a liquor store is conveniently located approximately 1 block away. Ok....now this is officially my favorite Philly brunch spot. 

Back to the food- so tasty! I'm always happy - be it an order of wings for the table, bacon and eggs, chorizo, pancakes, steak...whatever- it's great. They even have outdoor seating. The place gets popular, so expect to wait for a table sometimes especially if you have a large group. 

The service is also on point- from the management to the wait staff, everyone is so helpful and kind. Writing this is making me want to go there right NOW.
What happened? This used to be good and now it's terrible. I ordered a Greek salad. All it was was a plate of romaine lettuce with a glob of hummuous on top. It was pathetic. The waitress was very nice. It was a Saturday night and we were the only people there. Too bad.
Love the location, but they really need to step up their servers' hygiene and customer service. They will often pick up dirty plates and cups, and bring you your food without washing their hands. What did it for me was seeing the server nails black and dirty. In addition, customer service is not great and I wish it was because I would go there more often.
I'm gonna give 4 stars because this place has served West Philly for many years. I have been coming here since the beginning. I believe it opened as The Gold Standard in 2009 with owners Roger Herman and Vince Whitacre. I had frequented both of their previous restaurants (The Palladium which was on Penn's campus and Abbraccio which is where Vietnam Cafe is now). Since then it was sold to new owners and I think there seems to be two camps. Before the new owners and after. To be honest there does seem to be something missing since they are gone. (Sadly, Mr. Whitacre passed in 2017).  They added something very special and personal to the experience. It's been a bit spotty since then, but my lunch today was beautiful and fresh. I had the quinoa spinach salad that popped with flavor. Quinoa, citrus and good things. I love the outdoor seating and it's always a good meet up with a friend in the spring and summer.
I tried to adapt to the changes of the new owners and continue to support this place, but I just can't anymore.  This morning I purchased two coffees, one large hot and one iced, and the total was $5 and change. Surprised at the cost, I asked if the prices had gone up and was told the iced coffee is cold brew, which is more expensive. The "cold brew" was hot enough to melt the ice in the cup by the time I walked home (two blocks). There was also a large industrial bucket of it on the counter next to the hot coffee brewing set up-Which basically leads me to believe they are brewing hot coffee into a bucket, throwing it in the refrigerator (obviously not for long enough), calling it "cold brew" and up charging for essentially watered down coffee.  It's dishonest, misleading, and I'm done with Gold Standard.
the coffee is great
the service is deplorable.  It may be racism, or insecurity but the woman who served me today was nasty.  I will not be coming back because she might spit into customers' food
I will not go into details, you can go see for yourself
My office held our Christmas party here, and I have to say I was really anticipating the worst.  I read some of the reviews and judging by the lady who picked the location for the party, I just had really low expectations.  I am so relieved that I was wrong.  We ordered off of the catering menu, which I'm not sure is available for regular walk- in diners, but man oh man.  Everything was really good.  The meatloaf was the best I have ever had. Ever.  And I just don't see meatloaf as one of those foods to get excited about- but I can't stop thinking about it!  The staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere in the back room with the fireplace was super cozy and sweet.
They charged me an extra $1.50 when I asked for a mug of hot water to go along with my food. Granted, businesses have a right to charge whatever they want for items. And I don't mind paying an extra 25 cents or so. But, that has to be a 1 million percent markup.

Kind of a dick thing to do.
Gold Standard was my local hangout for a long time. They fed and sheltered me during the long, hard slog through my thesis. They made me bread-free sandwiches when I went gluten-free and were always willing to check ingredients for me so I could dine as safely as possible. I'm not a strict Celiac, so I don't have to worry, but a big dose of gluten gives me migraines, so I appreciate help in avoiding ouchies while still nomming yummies. I do wish they carried gluten-free baked goods or bread for the gluten-phobic among us, but they weren't terribly open to the idea.

Their coffee drinks (for my hubby) and chai (for me) were very hit-or-miss for a while, but their flavorful fruit iced teas were always cool and refreshing.

Overall, it's a solid place to eat that isn't too pricey or too fancy. A place where you can plunk down with your knitting or laptop and/or thesis and work and not worry about being hustled out (unless it's a super busy dinner night). Their shrimp Caesar salad is overpriced considering it's just a Caesar salad with 4-5 shrimp plunked on top (c'mon, try harder and maybe add something else interesting), and they could offer slightly bigger salad portions, but overall you get decent value for your increasingly rare dining-out dollars.

I wouldn't really call them the *gold* standard, but they're definitely silver (silver plus on a good day), and that's A-OK in my book.
had a mediocre brunch here.  wanted to go because it was such a nice day and  could sit outdoors.  they also had some live music which seemed nice.  so we get there and there are 3-4 empty tables outside.  we check in with the host, who explains to us that there were no more outside "server" tables available.  meaning that we could order from the cafe menu and and take our food outside, but couldn't get brunch because those tables weren't designated for servers.  HUNH? it seemed stupid but we were hungry so we settled for seats in the back room.

the back room decor is lacking with its nearly bare walls.  the ugly rugs looked like they hadn't been vacuumed in months.  dustbunnies in the corners.

the service was polite but pretty bad- we waited at LEAST 35min to get our food.  and it's not like the place was crowded, or we were a large party or ordered anything elaborate.

i had the eggs benedict, husband had pancakes.  my food was actually pretty good.  my husband's panckaes were terrible.  chewy like an old sponge.  served with a packet of syrup (kind of like what you get at burger king or on an airplane).  

the bottom line is i think this is a place with a great location and a lot of potential.  i WANT them to succeed.  but i could see them not lasting long if the management doesn't clean up their act.  how? better service, creative decor, thoughtful presentation (just give me the BOTTLE of maple syrup for pete's sake), and a common sense seating policy for starters.  i'm sure this place is fine as a grab and go type cafe but not worth the time for a sit down meal. 

i'm really rooting for them and hope they make it better.
Looks: 5 stars
Speed: 0 stars
Staff: 1 star
Food: 2 stars

From the time I ordered at the counter to the time I got my food it took 50 minutes. Pretty unreasonable for a veggie burrito and a salad. I would have given this review 1 star, but the waitor gave us 2 cookies to apologize for the delay. I thought the food was better than most of the reviews indicated, but still not stellar. Wouldn't come back again...
Bad service one of the worst spots to go to. Much better options in the area. Please don't go here. I see they are also deleting reviews. A business should not be able to do that
Before the kitchen and menu change, this place was a solid 4, and I've gone many times. I'll also note that at our most recent trip (the subject of this review) our whole bill was comped, and the waitress was very nice and apologetic. (Hence 2 stars instead of 1.)

The wait: as is probably evident from other recent reviews, the wait time was rough. I get that a new kitchen staff takes time to get up and running. Long waits can happen. 

The service: our waitress was clearly stressed trying to compensate for the kitchen. She missed bringing out the fruit cup first so that we could keep our 1yo from running away to play with other guests dogs. He did, but probably would have anyway. It wasn't great service, but I'm not too upset about it, as it was addressed immediately. 

The food: Ok, here's where I'm pissed. The food used to be very good. The chocolate chip pancakes used to be fantastic, in all their spongey and delicious glory. On that fateful day, my friends, the food from the new brunch menu sucked. The aforementioned pancakes were now dry and had a raw flour taste. The omelette I got was overcooked and the turkey sausage within were like little hockey pucks. And the potatoes... The old potatoes were really solid, fried red potatoes, glistening with just a bit of oil, seasoned well. These "new" potatoes were like dried up catchers mitts, with about the same flavor and texture. 

I'm not asking for you to bring the old brunch menu back. If you did, that would be fantastic, but I'm sure that won't happen. What I am asking is for you to make good food. The comped bill was a good response, and I thought about not writing a negative review because of it. But, I really like this place, and want to keep going back. But with food like that, I can't. Just make good food again, and I look forward to the day I can remove this review.

Until then, I think we should see other people. It's not me... it's you.
I like this place.  Food is great.  Waitstaff is always very nice.  The fact that the restaurant and the cafe are separated makes for a nice feel.  Outdoor seating is a huge plus, with the tall windows.

They know their coffee.  There's always a new artist on display in the restaurant area.  There are always new and interesting specials, and desserts.

Go here.  When I first moved here, I remember reading HORRIBLE reviews of the place, and that deterred me.  I think it's important for us Yelpers to be open to revising our reviews.  Restaurants can change, and do often.  Apparently this one made a huge change.  Thanks!
This was my go-to place in Philly for about 2-3 years and I just went this week and was so disappointed. The whole place looks different so it's possible that they are under new ownership. 

I ordered and omelette, a side of chorizo and coffee. The omelette was nothing special - it was fine enough. The coffee was cold. The chorizo was over cooked.  

The vibe is ok - older, cozy house. However, the changes since my last visit make the place look dull - it's all very white in color. 

Lastly, they took the hot sauces off the tables!  There used to be a selection on the tables!
The gold standard cafe says they open at 7am and when we headed in for breakfast this morning we were told that the kitchen doesn't open till 8:15, 8:20am maybe later.... disappointed.
The Gold Standard is a sweet little spot in a lovely Victorian building at 48th and Baltimore. It's really a coffee shop, a lunch/brunch spot and a BYO dinner restaurant all in one, which can be confusing at first. Inside, there's coffee shop seating in the front and a more dressed-up dining room in the back, which you might not know is there because it's past the counter area and kitchen entrance. Our favorite thing to do here is to bring a bottle of wine or a growler from Dock Street, order burgers (which, last I heard, are grass-fed Lancaster beef), sit outside and watch the traffic and trolleys roll by. The experience can be, as another reviewer put it, "positively Parisian at times". 

I love their super-yummy homemade vinaigrette on the salad. The coffee is good but I usually go to the Satellite if I only want coffee. Brunch entrees are delicious. I have been both wowed and disappointed by their dinner entrees. They usually have some kind of special or prix fixe deal for entree + salad + dessert if you're in the mood for several courses. Prices are very reasonable.

I have experienced incompetent and inattentive service here, as well as long wait times, but this was closer to when they first opened and has improved dramatically over time. Even with its imperfections, GSC is a solid choice for a fresh and yummy meal in my neighborhood
Made a reservation for brunch at 12 at Gold Standard Cafe. Nervous about what I read on Yelp regarding the waiting time, I came in with low expectations. However, we were seated as soon as our party of 5 had arrived in the main dining area.

It was extremely crowded and thus pretty loud, which was kind of annoying when trying to converse with my four friends. 

The food came in a jiffy, but unfortunately did not meet my "gold standard." My friend and I opted for two sweet dishes to split-- the Apple Waffle dish and the Croissant French Toast dish. 

Though the Apple Waffle dish was tasty (it came with a large belgian waffle, some caramelized and sugary apples dabbed in cinnamon, butter, and syrup on the side), it did seem too awfully simple to be a restaurant dish. It seemed like a waffle that could have came out of a simple Belgian waffle maker that you find at hotel breakfasts. The apple topping was meager and did not have a WOW factor, and the butter was too much. I scraped it all off before devouring. 

The Croissant French Toast dish was a bit confusing. It didn't taste like a croissant to me, which was the biggest letdown. It tasted a bit like bread pudding or normal french toast. The eggy flavor was overpowering and the mascarpone flavor was off as well. Some friends at the table even claimed the Croissant French Toast to have an alcoholic after-taste. I was able to mask some of the weird flavors I was tasting by dousing the french toast in maple syrup. 

The place is adorably decorated and from the outside looks like a quaint little corner brunch spot. Prices are affordable, and the menu is extensive. However, the food does not live up to a "gold standard" and thus I probably would not make the trek back and would not recommend the spot to others.
I want to give this place 2.5 stars because of the vegan fritters (see below) but in this case, I'm rounding down. Damn you, Yelp, and your fear of fractions.

I went here with a friend for brunch a few Sundays ago. As already mentioned, this place has a great location and I very much enjoyed our outdoor seating. They were relatively busy but we were immediately seated, which was nice; however, overall the service sucked. They brought us coffee in paper cups and tiny plastic cups for water. Annoying. Our food probably took 30+ mins to be served. That was okay considering I was with a very good friend, but I was a bit peeved nonetheless. How long does it take to slice and heat up a frickin' piece of quiche?

The quiche itself was fine. A little lukewarm, but tasty enough. The side salad was probably more interesting with some cherry tomatoes and a decent dressing. My friend had the vegan fritters (I forget exactly what they were called) which were actually quite tasty and out of the ordinary. I'd recommend them.

What really irked me about the meal was that when we finally got the check, it took about 10-15 minutes to bring us $4 in change. HELLO. How long does it take to withdraw four bills out of a register? I was so ticked off by that inane delay that I left a crappy tip and swore to never return. They need to come up with a new name because nothing of my experience suggested any sort of gold standard...
I've stopped in for a breakfast sandwich and coffee on the go before (well sort of- everything takes a while here apparently) but today had my first dining-in experience for Sunday brunch. Where to begin... We ordered our coffee and beverages 3 times until someone finally brought them. Part of the problem here may be that they seem to be using the "team approach" where there are multiple servers helping each table. When the coffee did come it was so strong that we quickly emptied our cream pitcher and refilled it ourselves at the coffee take-out area in order to make it drinkable. Then our food started coming in spurts, first came the meats. I did not eat these, as I would consider myself a vegetarian, but others in my party found them to be very gamy and actually raw in the middle. Next came two main dishes (out of three). Omlette and potatoes were decent. French toast was ok, but the promised extra syrup never made it to the table and my side of eggs was unusually flavorful and salty- turns out that's how the gamy meat tasted- remember the vegetarian part- ew.  Then while we scarfed down our food, which took a very, very long time to come, our third entree was still coming, two servers checked on us and finally, as we finished our plates, the third entree arrived. Today I was very disappointed by both food and service and although I had previously enjoyed my egg sandwiches, I don't think I will be going back as I am now skeeved that they seem to cook everything in meat fat.  I was excited to have Gold Standard in the neighborhood and hopeful of more West Philly brunch options (will be sticking with Rx) but am quite disappointed.
Four of us went to the Gold Standard for brunch, and while our server was nice enough, the rest of the experience was not very impressive. It's fairly low-priced, but still not worth it. 

First, our table was wobbly and it took forever for our food to come -- we sat there for awhile having a nice time, eventually decided to go get some wine (BYOB) and had time to drink it and sit around for awhile longer before anything arrived. 

I had the eggs benedict with crab, which came with a side of potatoes, and it was pretty disappointing. The few potatoes on the plate were cold and hard, they ran out of hollandaise sauce and were unapologetic -- instead of offering any sort of substitution just sort of dripped a very small amount of whatever was left onto the eggs. Boo. The sauce was too lemony, the crab was cold and straight-out-of-the-package, the muffins weren't toasted, and nothing was hot by the time it made it out to the table.

Maybe it's ok for coffee and a pastry, but I would not go back for a meal.
I've biked past this place a bunch of times, all on my way to other eating establishments :-X!

I was finally led here the other day, and it's pretty good! They have really interesting menu items (banana walnut crepes!) as well as your standard cafe fare. 

My only gripe is that the portions are kind of small for what you're paying. I got a tuna melt that came with a side salad for $8, and it was only one slice of bread cut in half and like 6 pieces lettuce. And radishes. Who even likes radishes?

Regardless, I want to come back to try some of their other choices. Maybe when I get a real job.
Arrived here for brunch on Saturday about 10am. The front area is cafe/counter service, the back a dining room with table service. My partner and I chose to sit in the back, so my review will be about that experience, but I wanted to note that the front was very crowded and the line was difficult to navigate past as it fills the hallway divider to the door. 

The breakfast/brunch menu is vast with plenty of options for vegetarians, vegans, and gluten free folks alike. Our server was friendly and answered a question I had easily. I ordered fried green tomato eggs Benedict which was lovely and a large portion for the price. My partner had an egg bowl which they also enjoyed. Seating area was quiet, sunny, and clean.
Zero stars if possible. Omelette was gross. On top of that I overheard either a manager or owner ask a gentleman for ID for coffee. For coffee.

English was not the gentleman's first language but i thought it extremely rude to ask for his ID FOR COFFEE. Not the first time I heard comments like this made in the establishment to be quite honest.

The brunch is good though. Probably the best time to come in if you dont want to be racially profiled and treated as such by these fools.
I live right near by this place, so I've been through the various owners and management.
In the past i was not impressed, although I do think they made an effort -I'm just not sure why it fell short.

That's in the past.

I love The Gold Standard now.  The new owners seemed to have figured out how to be West Philly without just copying what other places do.  They have great breakfast, the coffee is good and strong, sandwiches are good when you need something to go.
Also impressed by the vegan menu.  Now I can go here with anyone and we can all get something we want.

This isn't new, but the outdoor seating is also a huge plus in the summer, so I'm just throwing that out there.  Awesome place for your first breakfast date!

Kudos to the new owners for getting it right!!
For me, Gold standard is the landmark cafe when it comes to chilling in West Philly. It sits right on the corner across a big street with beautiful scenery all around....

Ok let's get to the food. 

Service on a weekend isn't bad. It's always fast when I go. I've been here over 10 times. The ice coffee sucks. Sorry 
But the food overall is solid. I've had good brunch and good lunch food. Desserts are a bit overpriced but taste good. I love the southwestern wrap. And the pancakes. Salads? Eh. 
Soups? Yum! 
Sandwiches? Thumbs up.  
Another good place to get coffee, watch interesting people frolic by and find a random event in the west Philly local paper. 
BAZINGA! lol
I ended up here with my nieces to celebrate their birthdays with a brunch. We had plans to go elsewhere but our original choice was closed. I'm so happy we gave them a try. Breakfast was delicious. They would have received 5 stars but the waiter handle the water cups around the top edge and that's not sanitary. I chose not to drink the water for that reason. But the portion size is huge and everything was fresh. I'll be back with my own water
The 2 star rating states, "Meh, I've had better". That pretty much sums it up. My main qualm has usually been with service when I eat there. There's always this rushed, "headless chicken" air about the entire staff when customers filter in. I have seen the owner or manager in the past acting the same. If you are dining in, it lays the foundation for a rather frazzled feeling eating experience. You can be busy, but confident. Staff are very nice and very polite, but service is always slow I would say due to server inexperience over volume ( i.e., treat the entire dining area are one table and work through it, have backup staff run food or get people's drinks), and also the headless chicken syndrome. Soups come out with meals ( so you should eat it quickly lest your hot food item become cold), drinks can also. Menu gets a tad bit tired, but the daily specials are decent. 
Breakfast qualm: they toast your bagel and will give you cream cheese on the side rather than making it up for you.. if you want a lox and bagel to go, you'll need to spend the time en route to work making it yourself since it's all separate in a box, or go hungry. Just a bit lazy per management. 

I would have given 3 stars, but the description for 2 just works perfectly. I will continue to come by on the occasion since it's convenient for lunch and can normally find street parking. But I'd just suggest that all the staff get their heads out of the sand and channel a new energy into this place.
I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and lox. The space cadet that works there literally hands me a bag with a bagel, a container of cream cheese, and a piece of lox wrapped in tissue paper. If I wanted to get separate ingredients I would have gone to the supermarket lol....this is no joke people! Don't go to work stoned if you can't handle it is all i'm sayin.
The name has to be a joke! If you DON'T know anything about high quality ingredients, you would probably like this place. 

If you are a true foodie, this is not the place for you. The portions were small, and it's obvious that most of what they serve is frozen food. And they are definitely serving GMO's.

This place is for people who don't know anything about really good, high quality food.
Went there for dinner, was seated right away but was only given the menu for dinner specials and small plastic cups for water...Which was weird and annoying. We asked to see the regular menu that was posted at the entrance to the restaurant and ordered an iced coffee. Fifteen minutes later, no new menu in hand, our server returned, with no coffee and asked if we wanted to hear the dinner specials. When I asked again for the regular menu and reminded him about the coffee he snapped, "yeah, it's on its way." Ok. This place serves coffee to go, why does it take so long to pour some over a cup of ice?
The regular menu finally arrived 20-25 minutes after we had been seated. The waiter was talking to himself as he dropped it off, complaining about how busy the place was (it was under 50 percent full). When we placed our order (two hamburgers) we were informed that they were out of hamburger buns. We had a choice of sliced bread or a burger cut in half and shoved into a French roll...
Order placed, coffee finally arrived. The waiter didn't ask if we wanted milk or sugar and my husband finally went inside (we were seated outdoors) and served himself. Forty five minutes later, the burgers arrived. We had ordered them with fries which comprised, I am not exaggerating, 6-8 cold, oily sweet potato fries. Really cold, really oily. When we asked for mustard the waiter brought a new bottle to our table, proceeded to open the lid and tear the plastic off the top, nearly spilling mustard all over my husband, and then left the refuse (plastic wrapper, paper sealing the lid shut, etc.) on our table. And he was still muttering to himself (not making eye contact, offering apology, etc.), loudly, the whole time, complaining about how busy it was. Burgers were not medium rare as ordered but very overdone. The pickles that allegedly were included turned out to be a single slice of cucumber. And the server never returned to ask if we needed anything else.
Other people got up and walked out after waiting an hour+ for food that never arrived. I wish I had. A comically terrible experience.
I never had a big problem with this place until today. The waitress was nice but unattentive and she overcharged us. The drinks were higher than the price listed on the menu. I told her. Then she came back and said " i learned something new" and continued to explain there was a tax on the sugar in the drinks. Looked it up and the tax they charged was doubled than regular law tax. Shady. Manager came over and would not adjust the check and made excuses and said it was posted everywhere n the restaurant which is was not, even the waitress didnt know. Manager made a big deal about this "never" happening before which is most likely a big fat lie. Will not come back and i do not reccomend this place.
Quick brunch date with my gf on a Sunday. Not too crowded. Shrimp and grits were cooler, just a little too watery for me.
I don't know what took me so long to review this spot since I have been dining here for years! This place is definitely my go to spot in UCity when I need a bite to eat. They have a small condensed menu that offers something for everyone and whatever you are craving. 

It's hard for me to recommend a specific item since all of them are so delicious. The Southwest Wrap is great for lunch and bagel with smoked salmon is a nice breakfast choice. The Gold Standard has a perfect balance of price, portion size and professionalism. The waitress/waiters are always super nice and have a great personality. Check out this place during the warmer months because of the available outdoor seating. You won't be disappointed.
After a long ride from the Northeast, I was starving.  After we were seated we started looking at the menus.  After 10-15 minutes the waitress came over and informed us they were the wrong menus.  We finally got water and coffee, without enough creamers so we had to wait again. I decided what I would order and was informed the waffle maker was broken so I couldn't have that.  Is there only one waffle maker in the whole place? I picked pancakes instead.  They were fine, not worth the drive of one hour or all the waiting we had to do.  My meal came a good 5 minutes after everyone else's, which was a bit annoying.  The waitress was not attentive at all.  We had to wave her down if we wanted extra creamers, ketchup, etc.  I definitely won't drive there again.  The others in my party liked their meal, I think, but with the poor service
I'm actually shocked to see these other reviews because my experience here was rather pleasant.  

My boyfriend and I met my mom here for a Sunday brunch.  She arrived a few minutes before we did, and was offered a table without much delay.  I splurged on an orange juice, which was rather tall and tasted fresh.  I ordered a yogurt and granola parfait that I also liked.  It wasn't too sweet and the proportions were right.  My mom ordered a ham and lentil soup that was tasty, but very salty.  Next, all three of us ordered the quiche.  The server told us it was vegetable, and I was expecting/hoping for something with spinach/broccoli/peppers/onions, but it was really half mushrooms (big no-no for me) with a few green peppers here and there and some onions.  Probably my fault for being picky and not asking specifically what was in it, but I was disappointed nonetheless.  I did eat around them, and the quiche itself was pretty decent, except that the crust was a little drier than I like (and make).  I'm a sucker for the buttery ones, personally.  The more exciting half of the plate was occupied by a nicely sized salad with greens, cucumbers, and tomatoes (if there was anything else in it, I don't recall).  The dressing was tangy and was just the right amount.

The service was fine, as well.  And of course the interior is as beautiful as the building.  Complimentary art on the walls, and by my neighbor down the street as a nice surprise!

Overall, I wasn't floored, but I was quite satisfied.  I wouldn't be scared away by the reviews just yet.  There's always room for improvement, but the price is right to give it a try.
I have gone back a few times recently.  Dollar signs have returned to the menu and there are a couple of more reasonably priced items.
Based on food i would give a higher rating, but unfortunately the service was so terrible that i cannot give more than a 1.  Six of us went here for brunch at 12:15 on a Sunday morning.  I'm not sure if we sat quickly because we made reservations or just because we got lucky.  After ordering we waited over an hour for our food... we had to go inside and buy a couple donuts to hold us over while we waited! There were other tables who had the same idea. While we realize that it was not the waitress' fault that our food took so long, we still expected some sort of apology, but got none.  The eggs on the huevos rancheros were still raw and we sent them back to cook a little longer... 15 minutes later the guy who was waiting for his eggs, got up and went to find his own eggs since our waitress didn't seem to care.  After we mentioned to the owner how disappointed we were with the poor service, our waitress half-heartedly apologized. 
Our other food was pretty good, but not worth the hour plus wait. And the owner gave us "coupons" which expired in August (but we promptly used anyway).
I wish i could give this place a higher rating, but i'm sorry to say i won't be back.
This place is very underrated. I have been to their brunch twice and dinner twice. Both were delicious! My favorite brunch item is the shrimp and grits and for dinner, the chicken macaroni and cheese is mmmm SO GOOD! The catfish and the quinoa salad are also great. You should totally check them out. AND it's a BYOB.
(Updating review in light of a pre-pandemic experience)

Vegan chicken club sandwich: 2 stars. There was A LOT of bread, too much of it relative to the other components. It's not tasty, but it's not as disgusting as the vegan meatball sub.

Vegan meatball sub is bad, bordering on disgusting. The vegan "meatballs" were flavourless and  dry inside and tasted stale. The texture of the meatballs gave the  impression that they'd been fried, sat around for a day, then fried  again, then sitting around, then refried again -- very difficult to eat.  Bread was a bit stale, like it was a day old. The sauce & vegan  cheese were standard. Fries were fine.

Service was slow. I went with a friend. My friend was helped right away, then before taking my order, staff asked me to wait while doing something else for ~5 minutes. It was kind of inconvenient/annoying to split our orders like that so that our orders were so far apart.
I live fairly close to Gold Standard, and for some reason, I do not go here enough. It's a fantastic place for a delicious, cozy brunch or a nice dinner in the neighborhood.

The food has always been delicious and well-balanced. On my most recent visit, I ordered Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon and breakfast potatoes. Everything, as usual, was delicious. 

Big cups of coffee, very friendly and accommodating staff, and a warm environment.
It started with the Carmel Latte w/ Oat Milk.. OMG!!!!!! Thee Best ... Imma say it again ... THEE BEST Breakfast sandwich I've had in FOREVER!! From the time I walked in and ordered with the AMAZING STAFF until I reheated ..YESSS reheated my leftovers I was in FOOD LUV. GO.. like right now GO.. try the ULTIMATE BREAKFAST CLUB.. I substituted with vegan sausage & those potatoes, CHILE..seasoned to perfection. I didn't even need syrup or ketchup. I totally want to invest. (or was I just that hungry) I will never know. But I do know I'll be a frequent patron.
I ordered quiche, and it was obvious that it was at least one day old.  I don't think that stale leftovers were served under the previous ownership.

I went there another time to meet someone in the "coffee shop" side of the place and had a slice of chocolate cake, which was fine.  However, I do not plan to have a sit-down meal here again.  If a friend suggests Gold Standard, I'll need to find a way to graciously suggest elsewhere.
I recently moved to an apartment three blocks from here and have been meaning to try their coffee for the longest time. I ended up having lunch in their dining room with a friend and it was great. The atmosphere in the back room is really nice and chill. I had the falafel wrap and it was delicious. I also had an espresso that was to die for. My friend had a cheeseburger with fries (heavy on the seasoning) and apple cider that he raved about. The cafe side is super cute and there is ample outdoor seating (perfect for dog owners!!). Planning on venturing here often for espresso while i do my schoolwork.
2 years so far and going strong, yes, of course i like this place ;)  The prices are great and there is a wide range of healthier non pizza place food, the people that work there are the nicest people and their outdoor area is great for a date on a nice warm night with some candle light and a bottle or 2 (byob - wine store 2 minutes away)  Brunches are always busy and the hustle and bustle really make you feel part of the city to get your day going on a Sat. or Sunday, that and the never disappointing La Colombe Coffee refills that keep a'coming!  Sure there is room for improvement, and we look forward to watching this place evolve!
This morning we decided to have a family breakfast. As soon as we got there the waiter "Cara" asked if we were sitting outside with an attitude no hello, welcome, nothing...then added because it's a full service when you sit outside. We said "yes", from there the service was very poor, she was passive aggressive and not amicable at all. She didn't ask if everything was ok, if we needed anything else...Then I started noticing people buying their food and coffees from inside and sitting outside, however "Cara" didn't jump on them, as she did we us, to tell them this is a full service area and they cannot sit outside, oh bty we were the only black family. The waiter had a very nice attitude with the rest of the customers sitting outside. I usually don't want to associate, automatically, this type of behavior to the race issue (but it is). Let's say today "Cara" had a bad day, didn't feel like coming to work ;). The food was ok. Before we left the place I did ask "Cara" how come she didn't tell the customers about the full service. She didn't know what to say then said yes they aren't supposed to, not a very convincing answer. We will not go back to that place.
When my wife told me this was the place she got me a red velvet cupcake from, I was surprised. I did not like the cupcake. My surprise was because she told me this after having a really good meal.

I had the chicken salad sandwich. The multigrain bread was light, fluffy, and very tasty. The chicken salad was near perfect. I really enjoyed the taste of grape slices mixed into it. Now, I took a good sandwich, and made it great. I added bacon, melted provolone, and had the bread toasted. Phenomenal!

On the side, were their tasty fries. One minute they were there, the next minute they were gone. That's a really good sign.

I was in a party of four and everyone enjoyed their meals. On the way out, I got some tiramisu to go. Oh. My. God. If I had ordered it and ate it on location, I might have had a really hard time not getting a second slice. It was a slice of heaven.

On top of the food being good, on a nice day, it's great that they have some seating outside. We really enjoyed our dinner at The Gold Standard Cafe.
We went for a Valentine dinner. 
the soup was great and that 's where it ended, Alot of the food on the menu was not there.Told "the shippment didn't come in."The service was terrible..Other customers walked out. We were not that smart.The owner came over a made some excuses but these were not acceptable. I truly wanted to like this place but I would never go back.
Dropped by this appealing neighborhood cafe for some morning fuel.  I got an iced mocha and was pleasantly surprised that my AmEx card was cheerfully accepted.  There was plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  I opted for outdoor.  It's a very enjoyable setting with great people watching and it's convenient to the 34 trolley line too.  Service was friendly and laidback, a good vibe.  It seemed an even better choice a few minutes later when I walked by Satellite and was accosted by evil looks from the folks in black sitting outside.  :)
My server was lovely and made my meal pleasant with her nice service. 
My meal was a spinach salad with 2 thin avocado slices, red onions, grapefruit, a couple of red grapes sliced in half. No dressing was offered but with the addition of a side of delicious white meat chicken salad, the salad was not dry.
The lemonade was being made and not available my entire lunch so i opted for mint iced tea. 
The only thing i did not like about my meal was it was hot inside. It was slightly less hot in the DR. ** You have to bite the bullet and crank up the air for diners when it's already 89 at 12:30 ** Its only going to get hotter as the day goes on. They had a window open out front where all the internet users hang. Perhaps thats contributing to what felt like the 80's when i dined. I heard 2 other tables complain. 

I enjoyed my meal and will return in the fall.
Ok, so I'm gonna raise a star here... because I came here two times recently, and had: 

1.) DELICIOUS chicken salad, complete with grapes. (I love grapes in my tuna or chicken salad), and a lot for the price. Just a huge, heaping place of chicken salad. GREAT.

2.) On the second occasion, I ordered the salmon special, and got amazing salmon, cooked to perfection with potatoes and some sort of asparagus/squash combo on the side... and all for something like 10 bucks. Really incredible. Yeah. 

So.... I think this place can be sort of hit or miss with food, but try either of those options, and you are good to go. Maybe this implies that some of the Gold Standard's lunch and dinner fare is a little better than breakfast food? And the service still wasn't very fast either time, but it was a-ok. And still adorable, as always.
A good place to go if you don't mind waiting a little while. The pancakes were great, and my girlfriend's food seemed good but we're still working on communication so I'm not 100% sure. Would have 5 stars but the last time we were there, service was very slow. But friendly. Slow, though.
Pros: Very friendly service. Free refills on hot coffee!!!

Cons: Seating a bit limited in the cafe area. Also, during the summer, the air conditioning in the cafe area is weak. It is simply too hot in there.

Bottom line: I really want to be a fan of this place, since I live nearby, and the service here is friendly. But the poor air-conditioning is a deal-breaker for me during the summer.
This place was my first time going here to meet-up with a friend. I ordered their breakfast fried egg sandwich with turkey bacon and a cup of coffee and she got a bagel with cream cheese and a cup of coffee. Our food arrived promptly and was good. The coffee was underwhelming. It was warm, not hot and their coffee condiments area was out of half n half. The dining area inside was cozy, yet a bit cramped. If the coffee was brewed hot and had a better stocked condiment area, I'd have given this place a perfect score. Overall, it was a pleasant experience and would try this place again if I wasn't moving. One extra star for the cute and friendly counter girl who took our order!
did the deluxe bagel sandwich take out and there was nothing deluxe about it unfortunately...TWO meager slices of salmon, $9.50 total? No way. The everything bagel itself was pretty good but I doubt they make them in house.
Overall I was disappointed but would be willing to try a sit down breakfast here based on other reviews.
I went here for brunch so I can only comment on that.  The food was just okay, but it was fairly cheap.  It's not the huge brunch portions you normally get though.  I had a tofu scramble which was fine.  The omelets my friends got were small, and the pancakes were just plain pancakes.  I definitely liked the atmosphere of the back dining room - it had lots of sunshine, bright colors, and a fireplace with an actual fire.  However the front cafe area looked like mayhem.  I would probably never go back with just one or two people, but they sat our table of 10 with only an hours notice (I called ahead), which was awesome.  I knew there was no way we could get in any other popular brunch spots with our big group.  I thought everyone on the staff was super nice and attentive.  Too bad the food was boring...
Food (7.0/10) = Ordered the "waffle cup with scrambled eggs with syrup" and added chorizo and cheddar cheese.  The portions were so-so.  It tasted good, but as good as it sounds.  But for ~$9.00?  I don't think it's a $9 dish.  .  Ordered their americano as well.  Nothing special.  The coffee at Earth Cup, a few blocks down the road tastes better.

Ambiance (8.0/10) = Nice little cafe at the corner of a street.  Nice set up outside.  

Service (7.5/10) = Pretty standard.  No complaints.  

Overall Opinion = I probably wouldn't go back to this place even if I lived around the area.  I originally thought about giving this place 3 stars, but the more I thought about the price of that breakfast, and the so-so taste of the dish and coffee, I'm going to settle with 2 stars.
