The petite girl with bangs, bun and septum piercing who waited on me today was extremely rude to me instantly for no reason. My only guess is cause I wasn't dressed like a punk / I'm not a regular. I was having a good day until this interaction.

As I sat waiting for my drink she proceeded to tell her coworker "I wish we could call people's names for what they really are, like BANE OF MY EXISTENCE". 

Hire people who don't hate their lives and project it onto customers. Super judgey for what one would otherwise assume to be a progressive , friendly place. Way too much angst here.
I must confess, Yelp, it took me an egregiously long time to come to Satellite.  Despite my many trips to Firehouse Bikes (upstairs) and Dock street (next door), I never stopped in for coffee.  Perhaps because I don't really hang out in coffee shops - I'm the type of person who gets work done in a library.  But I was feeling the need to chill and get some work done on Memorial Day, so I hopped on my bike and went right over.

The inside is a little too bohemian for my tastes.  It's kind of dark and kind of cluttered, but homey - like your hippie grandmother Ethel passed it on down to her peace-punk kiddos to do as they liked with it.  I like sun and fresh air, so I sat outside.  

The girl working the counter was friendly and got me my drink fast and the banter outside was nice.  Casual, but interesting (yeah, I judge a cafe by the eavesdropping I can do there).  Combined with the traffic on Baltimore ave., the kids playing in the park across the street, and the birds chirping (I love spring!) I had the perfect grant-writing soundtrack.  My iPod stayed in my bag the whole time, but as far as music is concerned, I did hear the Arctic Monkeys coming through the stereo at one point.  I'm not sure if it was from Firehouse or Satellite, though.

But here's what seals the deal:  I'm sitting in the shade, writing this on a wi-fi connection called "Drink More Coffee!" while looking at a beautiful garden and feeling the breeze drift by.  I'm pretty sure I'm having a perfect day, and I'm glad Satellite could be a part of it.
Paging Blake F, paging Blake F! 

Satellite Café screamed "hippy" from the moment I walked up the path to the front door to the moment I walked out. 

Needing a little caffeine boost after dinner at Dock Street, I meandered over to the establishment next door. The entrance was set back, so we had to walk through a cute little garden/patio area. 

The café had dim lighting and lots of random decorations (think free trade coffee bean sacks hanging from the rafters, etc.) I ordered a latte and the dude at the counter looked at me and said "soy milk?" I shook my head and asked for skim, which they did have. 

As my drink was being prepared, I noticed that many, if not most, of the sweets in the pastry case were vegan. They looked really good!

I knew better than to expect any Sweet'N Low or other artificial sweeteners, and there seemed to be just white sugar or honey to choose from (I was surprised that I didn't see any raw sugar). I did squeal at the pretty flower in the foam as I popped on the lid, so that I could take my latte home and doctor it up with my fake sugar. 

I'd like to go back to check out the food sometime, and I'm willing to bet that I'll be with Blake when I do.
I'll stand by anything Stinking Lizaveta is involved with. One of my all time favorite West Philly bands, and their bassist Alexi Papadopoulos and his wife just happen to be the owners of Satellite. Of course the fact that they make good coffee and other things doesn't hurt either.

I stopped in to officially give Satellite a shot after I interviewed a band at Dock Street Brew Pub (review coming later), and definitely had a great time. I instantly felt welcome the moment I walked into the big courtyard and scoped out the bulletin board that listed all kinds of good shows.

As for what beverage I ordered I was torn between the the Choco Matte and Black Death, but decided to go with the matte because I wasn't feeling goth or metal enough for the other. It was equal parts rich, delicious, and bittersweet. talk about decadence.

Overall I don't know what there is to not like about Satellite. There's free wi-fi, they sale CD's of some of West Philly's finest bands, you might come across a show every now and again, and you can pick up pretty rare drinks like a green kale smoothie. sounds pretty sweet by my book.
Literally got barked at by the register person for standing in the wrong spot. (I stood where one stands after placing one's order rather than where one should stand to place one's order.) If making coffee and bagels and attending to random people who may not be familiar with the place gets you that stressed, maybe get a new gig?
Point taken; I won't be back.
Disappointed by the awesome reviews.. and nope, I didn't even leave with a bite to eat

Arrived around 12pm noon super excited to try the infamous Bike Shop Special. The lady really wasn't all that friendly. i guess it was too busy to be friendly.

Sat down, waited for 15 minutes for my bagel. I went over to check on it. 
" Oh, they took the wrong bagel. Here you go. they said they didn't touch it."
" You can either get your money back, or eat it. I'm all out of bagels "

Negative experience. Too bad , since I live 2 blocks away and was ready to love this place.
I still have a mad lot of love for Satellite and anything that Stinking Lizaveta is involved with. But I did have my first ever experience today that made me see where people were coming from when noting it's quirks in service. 

Even though I was directly in front of the counter and was ready to order for what seemed like forever it took awhile for the server to even acknowledge my presence with a simple hello. But I'm not one to normally be miffed by such, and when she did finally acknowledge me she was friendly and receptive, However even though I ordered a Black Death, a coffee with a shot of espresso blended with drinking chocolate, I was charged for and pointed toward the coffee during an odd exchange. Since I was on the go I didn't pay it too much mind, but still, one strike out of the many times I've been here. 

But as long as it hooks up great things like the green kale smoothie, and the Bikestop Special (cream cheese, pesto, roasted peppers, and basil on the bagel of your choice!) I'll still be hooked on The Satellite.
In general, not a good experience.    Wandering around looking for coffee and maybe some breakfast, my friends and I were psyched to stumble upon this place.  We walked in and saw a decent line, though not one we were too impatient to wait on, and pretty extensive drink menu along with some food options.  Perfect, right?

I ordered a coffee and a bagel.  Now, when I leave New York, I immediately lower my bagel expectations, so I'm not faulting them for that.  The coffee was just ok, but not over priced like most coffee places in this vein are.  

Where this place really blows it is the service.  It took literally half an hour to toast and butter my friend's bagel.  And when he asked nicely about the status of said bagel, he essentially got an f-off response.  I can appreciate a place that plays Minor Threat over their in-house stereo at 11 am, but you don't have to be a dick.
Satellite is one of my favorite places in west philly. so comfortable, cheerful and the food is great. I love the bike shop special...chock full of spinach, and the pesto is unbelievable. The place never dissapoints. nestled underneath firehouse bikes, the cafe is a stronghold of good food, good people, and good drinks. Not a coffee drinker myself, but the smoothies are excellent. I am a frequent customer and will keep coming back. There is nothing like the local independent cafe to give a neighborhood flavor and a central meeting location, and let me tell you, Satellite succeeds.
Considering the fact that I bathe on a daily basis and my tattoos are usually covered by my clothes, I can see where people are coming from on the hipper-than-thou attitude Satellite seems to give off.

But there are sooooo many plusses that outweigh that!

First off, the wraps are super. I'm not a huge fan that you can't get something without onions because they're already mixed in, but I can deal. They're great and completely 100% worth every penny. Which isn't much, since they cost about as much as a slice of bread would at Milk and Honey down the street.

But what really won me over, what really made me realize that there is something special at Satellite that you can't find elsewhere, was the vegan brownie.

See, I hate vegan desserts. I think by and large they are crimes against the tastebuds of humanity. But desperately needing caffeine and something solid and knowing I had just moments before the trolley came, I gave in an bought a peanut butter brownie from Satellite. I'm pretty sure I walked down Baltimore moaning, it was that good. I don't know what magical secret they discovered to make vegan sweets, chocolate ones at that, not taste like something you found in the recycling bin, but whatever it was made me a convert. It will probably cause problems at other, less worthy, places, but from that day forth I vowed that I will not turn up my nose at vegan baked goods. OK, maybe just not at the ones from Satellite...
I haven't quite grasped the trick to Satellite: you have to bring to the counter a couple of back-up plans to your order because on any given day, they'll be out of something. I love the Vibrant Green Kale Smoothie, but twice I've gone there to be told they didn't have any kale. For added zing, I got a look that clearly said GTFO.

The staff owns the anarchist punk mood of the place - they're sullen and they aren't afraid to let you know it. I wouldn't care so much if they were expert baristas, but I dare you to try to order an iced cappuccino. I might as well have ordered freshly killed-and-grilled moose. Once she figured out that it meant a cappuccino with ice, she made a normal cappuccino and then dumped in a few ice cubes, and THEN (this is the best part) handed me the cup as the liquid overflowed, pointing to some napkins.

I'll go back there, because it's in the neighborhood and the coffee isn't bad and that kale smoothie is the most amazing thing ever, but I'll never love it. And if I think about ordering an iced drink, I'll be sure to bring a towel.
Satellite is a great place for a cup of coffee, an amazing dessert (I recommend any brownie that looks like it has an ice cream scoop of peanut butter mousse on it - and vegan!), or have a tasty lunch.  I've had a few of their grilled wraps and they are always wonderful to eat, especially the ones with black beans.

Atmosphere-wise, I was skeptical at first.  I felt awkward and even through I lived only a block away, I still felt out of place.  Well, that was my problem and I'm happy I got over it - because this is a wonderful place.  Social dynamics will be a little interested, since all types of West Philly come here, but its for the best and when those soial spheres center around a cafe, I think productive things happen.

My last hangup was also cleared - I was scared to try the Kale Smoothie.  OMG, Why was I scared?  It is fantastic!  I'm not sure how they do it - they are magical.  I've tried to make them myself and it has never turned out well.  

Think of a Kale Smoothie as a milkshake that has its sweet factor cut down a bit - you barely taste anything 'green' but you aren't overwhelmed by any sweetener or sugar stuff.  And, healthy.  Score!


I'm glad I braved past my social phobias to come to this place.  I miss it a lot since I've moved and seriously, those brownies will melt your face off.
Awesome vegan desserts from Vegan Treats Bakery! Every time I come here I get the Vegan Bike Shop Bagel (bagel of your choice with spinach, olive spread, vegan cream cheese, and peppers), some sort of dessert, and whatever wonderful coffee concoction I like.

The service can be a little slow sometimes, but they have such a tiny space to work in, and there are usually only 2 employees working at a time. It's not terrible, though, and I still give this place 5 stars.

Lots of different types of customers- hipsters, families, older people, kids... it's a nice place. I love it.
The Satellite is great.  The coffee is some of the best in the city (they get it from Fonseca, an excellent local roaster), which is reason enough for me to keep coming back.  Sandwiches and wraps are delicious: The Bike Shop Special (pesto, roasted red peppers, cream cheese, and spinach on a bagel), and the black bean wrap are delicious.  

Oh yeah, and the Satellite manages to keep their prices low, which is awesome.
Great spot, so glad to see so many vegan options. Really unfriendly and dismissive service, though, which made for a generally unpleasant experience. Will come back and hope the staff is less dismissive and rude.

Again, awesome to see so many vegan options - and such a nice variety. Coffee and bagels were good. Sad the service was not.
what kind of coffee shop takes twenty minutes to make a latte and a bagel sandwich? the kind of coffee shop that scores points for simply being under a bike shop and has patrons that bring mason jars to drink their coffee and end up precariously gripping the rim so as not to burn their little craft-making, zine-writing, banjo-playing fingers, that's what. 

(but if you do end up here, their soy macadamia latte is ridiculously good, as are their sundried tomato pesto and their black olive spread.)
An employee literally came out from behind the counter to scream in my sister's face the other day for ordering nine bagels.  It was... really confusing.  

What is the deal with the employees here?  Why do they get mad at you for ordering food?  I understand it takes you waaayyyyy to long to put together a bagel, so maybe you need more staff.  Especially on a Sunday morning.  

Sorry for coming into your cafe and giving you business.  Would have called ahead, but got scolded for doing that too.
The barista was not polite over the phone nor in person. The coffee, espresso, and chai latte were not good. The coffee was bitter and weak. The chai latte didn't even taste like a chai latte, seriously. The tofu wrap was pretty decent. The vegan pumpkin woopie pie made up for a lot of it.
Decent coffee and food, but kinda hostile environment. When I moved to west Philly,  I was really excited  about these cute neighborhood coffee shops. I had heard they are more welcoming and nice, and a whole different experience. But the people here are only nice to selected people. I cannot tell how many times the cashier has been super welcoming  --- hi. How is it going.", "hello there how are you ", "good morning , how are you doing ?" --- to people in front of me in line and then to the people after me in line. But all I get from them is "what can I get u".
Also they are EXTREMELY  SLOW. if you are catching the trolley to center city and plan on stopping  by to grab a cup of latte from them, you are probably going to miss like 2 to 3 trolleys just waiting for your cup of coffee or even just a bagel (even if there are no other people waiting with u). They just don't care. I only return to this place for convenience.
Do me a favor and get over how amazing and totally unique your "fake ass punker" looks is. The squatters circa 1998 at avenue d want their look back. You wouldn't last a new york minute (pun intended) in an actual bad ass environment.
Your coffee sucks. Your coffee dumpster is filthy and ugly. You have no idea what you're doing and it shows. Thanks for finding the one and only thing that center city has over the rest of Philadelphia. Thanks for running such a disreputable and shamefully mediocre business that the thought of ever facing one of your employees, who think spending hours trying to look like an alien with pinkeye elevated their existence to magical rockstar, for one more Saturday morning has forever propelled me to create my own coffee counter at home. 
And stop harassing service animals. I hope someone sues the coffee you can't make out of you.
Feeling stung by the insult this establishment is? Come to my porch. I'll make some espresso, my treat.
Trendy vegan-friendly cafes in West Philly are a dime a dozen, but if you need one on the not-especially-clean or double-pretentious-with-a-shot-of-entitlement end of the spectrum, this is the one for you. Parking favors cyclists. You can call in your order ahead of time, but somehow it will still never be ready when they tell you to come in (UPDATE: this is no longer available, for increased inconvenience.) The in-store playlist is curated with a taste for the eclectic. Personal hygiene is optional here, but cash is a must.
The coffee is good, the vegetarian and vegan options here are killer, but the service is so bad I'll never go back. This used to be right around the corner from my house so I would go once in a while, and I swear the service got worse each time. The last time I went I stood at the counter for ten straight minutes watching someone restocking the fridge without so much as a "hello" or an ETA. I just walked out. 

I don't need much. I don't even need someone to be polite. But I do feel like the staff here hasn't been trained to prioritize, don't have enough support, or just don't care.
i've been there once, and i THINK i was asked to join their staff?  i assume so, since when i asked if they could fill their half and half carafe, they pointed to the fridge and said "it's in the fridge."  i haven't gotten a paycheck from that day, but i'm putting the job on my resume.

they get two stars because it's close to my house and i remember it was decent coffee.
I really have a soft spot for this place. It is simultaneously intimidating and welcoming. It's dingy, but warm; gritty but clean. It's perfect... To me, at least.. this may not be everyone's thing.  I've met some fantastically interesting people in here. Like once this past winter a dude came in barefoot. There were 3 inches of snow on the ground and this man was barefoot, because fck it, you know, shoes are for the bourgeoisie.
And then a few weeks ago I met a man who invited me to a kombucha brewing class. I had been having a really 'Portlandia' kind of day anyway, and this just tipped it over the edge. 
But yeah. The coffee is fine. The food is cheap, pretty original, veg, vegan, GF friendly and tasty. I really like the vegan killer black bean on a GF wrap with extra spinach and avocado myself.
Okay, yes, there are places with better coffee, better food and all that, but I'm giving Satellite 5 stars, because it's a truly original and awesome place. If you're new to town and really want to meet some Bmore ave locals, come here.

p.s. everyone calling this a "hipster" coffee shop should probably go back to whatever normcore planet they hailed from. You know nothing of hipsters. You want a hipster coffee shop? Go to B2 on East Passyunk. You will have a difficult time pushing through the cloud of irreverence to get through the door. Satellite is punk. and queer. and awesome.
I can't stand this place. Everything from the fake-ass punker look to the really horrible service [is it supposed to be cute or endearing?] has made me never visit this joint again. Every time I've gone here, the staff have been rude, as if asking them to make me a hot chocolate is offending their religious beliefs. If you don't wanna make coffee, why the @#$% do you work at a cafe? Perhaps this satellite will drop out of orbit...
I find myself in a conundrum about this place. These reviews are All. Over. The. Place. For one, this joint is far from being hippie. Serving vegan/vegetarian only does not equate hippie so lets get that out of the way yeah?Also, the staff has been nothing but cool when I have come in. 

I go for coffee and on those times the coffee has been right. It reminds me of some of the joints I visited in Portland, in fact if I didn't know I was in Philly I would say it was a PDX shop while inside. For one their chai is real chai, not this premixed garbage a lot of places serve. I like that. I dig the grungy, gutterpunk ambiance and even though they play cookie monster metal which isn't my favorite, it fits what they are trying to do.

I have yet to partake in the goodie case but all the baked goods look right. I will come back and post about those when I do.

My only complaints are two... if you are gonna serve in real cups for consuming on premises I would prefer a cup that isn't all chipped and cracked. But hey maybe that is part of the allure? Also, check your syrups for ants, my vanilla chai had a stow away. Not enough to pitch a bitch about it. I lived in Mexico before so I am used to that business but I could see why that may turn off the average patron. 

Heads up, it is cash only so if you come unprepared, hit up the ATM across the way.
I can't help but love he Satellite.  First of all, the French Roast and the Sumatran are both great, so there is usually at least one type of coffee that I can count on on any given day.  Secondly, the food is great.  I've heard tale of undercooked food, but I always ask for extra crispy so I can't really speak to that.  It's not as though you're eating raw chicken anyway, it's a black bean burrito with pre-cooked contents.  How much more cooked can you make it.  The pastries from Four Worlds are always perfect, as are the various vegan brownies, which please even this non-vegan.

As for slow service, it really depends on what you're expecting.  People are rushing in on a Saturday to get one of the coveted bagels which are in limited supply and cure hangovers.  A fantastic bike shop sandwich here is the price of a bagel with cream cheese at Green Line.  If you're just stumbling into a strange neighborhood, yes, it might be annoying, but if you do it every week, you are getting a chance to talk to your neighbors.  I'd rather wait 20 minutes for a $2.50 bagel sandwich than 45 minutes for ten dollar pancakes.
Options. Options. Options. This place has them. Ultra-fresh coffee brewed here. Fair-trade. Delicious. 

I recommend the "Bike Shop special" - Bagel w/ cream cheese, pesto, roasted red pepper, and some other awesomeness. I also recommend the "Ring of Fire" - Bagel w/ cream cheese and a nice dusting of cayenne pepper. MMMMmmmm MMMmmmmm Bish!

The inside of this joint will remind you of the mid - to - late 90's and you'll feel like you are somewhere in the pacific northwest. Its got color, but is pretty dimly lit. I liked it. I'll be back.
I'm a barista. At a specialty coffee roaster. And honestly, the coffee is not excellent here. Neither is the iced coffee. But you know what? It's not about that. The atmosphere at Satellite is out of this world. 

The prices are stellar cheap, so make sure to tip. The sweets are huge and many vegan friendly. The kale smoothie really is as good as people say. The breakfast burrito I would pass on. The wifi can be slow at times; if you're doing something like web design, it's not the place to be. 

But come sit down and get to know your west Philadelphia neighbors. Hang out on the patio and talk to people. Find an interesting event posted on the bulletin board. Get a refill of your coffee, it's cheaper once you've already dirtied a cup. And it's way better & way cheaper than Green Line's coffee. 

They play great music here. Think X-Ray Spex, Ramones, Devo. 

This cafe is one of the staples of West Philly, and a very safe place. I am reminded why I moved to this neighborhood and why I'm still so proud of it, every time I go.
Today was my first time in here so maybe it was just one of those days, but the service was terrible and the servers were terribly rude to their customers. They were out of coffee on a Saturday morning and didn't explain that to me as I stood there waiting for a cup of coffee and she turned around to make a smoothie. It seemed like everyone was hung over and on their last nerve. They snapped at a customer whose order they had forgotten to make and the staff blamed it on someone else probably grabbing the food. 

There were three people behind the counter but I swear only one knew what was going on and trying to hold it together. She had to ask someone to stop messing with their phone to handle the register and it seemed like she was training the other person how to brew coffee. 

I'll hold off on visiting this place again for a bit. Maybe they need to fire some of their staff or hire more, 'cuz otherwise the vibe was cool and it seemed like it could be a fun place to hang out.
A little cafe that I think has a lot going for it, but could do a lot better.

It's a quirky hole-in-the-wall (which I love), has a great location on Baltimore avenue just on the West border of the more gentrified section, and they serve loose-leaf teas, and a wide array of baked goods.

So why the harsh rating?  The issue is freshness.  Who knows how long the teas have been sitting there?  They have a huge selection and turnover is low.  I've ordered tea here and, even for types of tea that tend to keep a long time, like black tea, it doesn't tend to taste very fresh.

There is also an issue with freshness of baked goods.  I ordered a cookie here once and it had a printed date of about a week ago, on the cookie.  Contrast this with other places, even in the neighborhood, where you can buy baked goods.  Four Worlds bakery sells stuff baked in the morning, and you can taste the difference in freshness.  I even think that other cafes, like Green Line and Metropolitan tend to stock consistently fresher baked goods.  I notice that both Green Line and Metropolitan mark down their old baked goods to half price, so that they quickly clear out.  Satellite doesn't (at least as far as I know) and instead it keeps a big stock of stuff, and then it isn't fresh.

I really would like to see Satellite ramp up the freshness of the baked goods and the tea.  Seriously, CLEAR OUT THE WHOLE FREAKING STOCK OF TEA AND THROW IT OUT.

And pare down your selection--including both tea and baked goods.  Like, stock only a few types of each, whatever ones are the best sellers, and stock them in a small enough quantity that they sell out.  With baked goods, ideally, get them in fresh every day or every other day and quickly mark down the day-old ones that don't sell.  With tea, the margin of error is much longer, but ideally, plan on restocking each tea every 3 months or so.  And store the tea in metal tins, not glass jars--the light makes it spoil much faster.

Then, as you build a reputation for top-notch, fresh tea and baked goods, start working up to build a selection as you're building up the volume of sales.  That's how I'd run this (or any) business, and I think it would really ramp it up, probably to a five star establishment.

I just can't in good faith give more than 2 stars when I've had such non-fresh stuff here.
For me a cafe is meant to be a place where you feel welcome, and that members of the community can mix it up. Thus far I have had two difficult experiences at Satellite thanks to their rude and inhospitable staff. On both occasions my order was forgotten, and have been forced to endure the grumpy mumblings of their lackluster baristas, the ringleader of this group seems to be a nasty redhead with dreadlocks, I call her medusa. The food isn't bad, but its no where near worth the unpleasant experience of being waited on by people who hate their jobs, and customers they do not know...
Ooh, Satellite Café. I went for the first time about a month ago and pulled a triple header (three days in a row) of ordering the Bike Shop Bagel and a large mug (hand-formed if i was lucky!) of loose-leaf tea and sitting there for more than 4 hours at a time getting caught up on work and enjoying the atmosphere. 

I love the kind of café i can sit in for HOURS and be perfectly content just admiring the things they've got hanging (or painted) on the walls and ceilings and being delighted by the people I see walk through the door and sit for a spell. The ambience of the place garners five stars.-- very warm, welcoming, and spacious enough to make every visit a new experience depending on where you sit and what perspective of the place you take.

Super props for the hand-mosaicked tables, pochoir stencils on the walls, eccentrically skillful menu board illustrations (I can't wait to see what'll replace the witches stirring a cauldron for the winter...), ample supply of board games and books, varying types of seats (couches, chairs, high stools, regular old tables for two and four).

The tea menu also is quite good. However, at least three teas that I've attempted to order have been "out". This leads me to wonder how often these teas are actually replaced... I really want to try a few that sound delicious, but they never seem to be stocked.

Finally, ONE negative point: I once bought a day-old muffin that tasted like reconstituted dog food. Since it was day-old, there was no label, so it might have catered to a certain dietary persuasion, but it was plain old bad. I threw it in my trash can at home and later found that my cat (who eats eeeeverything) had dragged the thing out onto the floor, hungrily ripped it apart, and ultimately poo-pooed it (meaning: left it lying on the floor, not "poo-pooed" in the literal sense...).

Actually, one more negative point: customer service does leave a little to be desired, depending on who's behind the counter. One night around 5pm I went in and ordered a Bike Shop Bagel, only to be sarcastically belittled as such (somewhat hyperbolically paraphrased): 

"PSSHHHH BAGEL? Are you SERIOUS?! We ALWAYS run out of bagels. DUH. No one in their right mind tries to order a bagel after 4pm !!! What a LOSER! Have you even BEEN here before ?!" 

Needless to say, I was not thrilled, especially seeing as I had often ordered a Bike Shop Bagel after 5pm in the past, but I did consequentially realize that the Bike Shop Wrap (which I ended up ordering, when I should have just thrown my hot tea in the barista's face and stormed out) is also really good and gives you almost twice the innards as the bagel for only a buck more.

Despite sometimes crappy customer service, the space itself --and its menu selections-- is wonderful, so I give the place five stars with the suggestion to make Satellite part of your repertoire... because maybe then the counter people won't be so sour/apathetic to you in the future :) !!

SECRET TIP: Bike Shop Bagel on a Cinnamon Raisin is GO-O-OD! ! ! Try it !
I swear I saw this place in the movie Singles, I know it did. I highly recommend the iced tea, if you like a fruity tea, ask for the Berry Berry. You won't regret it. Free WiFi and a great place to kill some time.
Service here can range from the sublime to the ridiculous, depending on how busy it is, the phase of the moon, tidal patterns, and if there's just one person working, but it's worth it. Their teas and coffees are great. My favorite is a soy mate latte with a splash of any of the nutty Monin syrups, and it's tasty hot or iced. I also like that they have dairy-free options, since I'm lactose intolerant. The vegan pumpkin whoopie pie is just so damn good!

I wouldn't call their prices cheap, but you pay for good quality ingredients and tasty, tasty things, so you definitely get your money's worth.

They're a good place to hang out and get some writing done, or a good stop-over after a lovely trip to Philly Community Acupuncture (on the top floor of the same building).
The Satellite is run by West Philly, DIY punk/hippie/genderqueer types who wear dumpstered clothes, put shabby-looking art on the walls, and play obscure music over the loudspeaker.  Some people may feel excluded and alienated by this scene, but I happen to love it and feel at home whether I'm wearing combat boots or a work outfit involving pressed slacks!

There's a lovely garden out front where you can sit, drink your ice coffee and hang out with the Satellite cat, Luna!

Word to the wise: do not order ANYTHING complicated if you are in a hurry.  Often there are only one or two employees running the whole kitchen and cash register enterprise.  Your special wrap will be in a long line of others, and it will take FOREVER as you watch the #34 trolley come and go, ensuring you'll be late to wherever you're going.

On the plus side, this is the kind of place where you can buy a coffee and hang out with your laptop on the wireless internet for ages and no one minds, so long as it's not crowded.  There is also an iMac you can use for free, 15-minute internet access.

(Quick aside: I thought I hated the Gold Standard down at 48th and Baltimore.  But I find myself going there just for coffee more and more... it's less crowded and the line moves faster.  And it is also a local shop, though more generic and not at all punk.  So Satellite has become my hang-out place, and the Gold Standard is my harried-commuter place.)
love it.  delicious healthy  food, vegan friendly.  they encourage the use of your own cup or you can get food and drinks "for here" to minimize throwaway containers.  much of the food is locally made and everything i've tried on the menu is yummmy.   the coffee is very good.  

there are some nice spots to chill with your friends or do some work both inside and outside.  bring a laptop and take advantage of the free wireless internet, or use the computer in the corner for free. 

the people are generally nice. some of the baristas are super nice.  this is also a great spot for people watching!

i would have rated 5 stars if it weren't for the bathroom. a little cleaner would be nice.  but hey, at least there is one!
Very cool place, food is good, coffee is good. Service is interesting but thats part of the whole vibe.
     I didnt get any dirty looks and i am not a "grimester " or whatever that one reviewer called those damn hipsters.
 The dude from Stinking Lizaveta helped me and he was great.  
Im a big fan so that was cool. 
  THose God damn vegan cookies are delicious.
This place gets five stars based on the Bike Shop Bagel alone.  cream cheese + pesto + roasted red peppers + spinach + bagel = win.
I thought I was the luckiest lady in the world when I lived a mere four-or-so blocks away from this wonderful coffee shop. I spent many, MANY hours sitting at Satellite crafting my little fingers to the bone and the staff never minded me setting up shop at a table for an entire afternoon to knit, embroider, and drink gallons upon gallons of coffee. The clientele is some of the best people you would ever want to be in a public place with. There is absolutely no snobbery whatsoever. The sandwiches and wraps are also scrumptious. I could live in Satellite, as long as they'd let me bring my cat. Heck, they're such cool folks I don't see why this would be a problem! I miss you, Satellite Cafe.
Stopped by for a cup of tea and a bite to eat after a LONG day, hoping for a relaxing experience.  Was sadly disappointed.  The server was sullen and unfriendly.  She never once smiled, and her expression was basically, "I'm doing you a favor."  After the food was ready, she just left it on the counter for the customers to find on their own, even though it's a small place, and it would have been easy for her to bring the food over or at least let you know that your food is ready.  I enjoyed my wrap, but the experience was unpleasant, and I won't be coming back due to the poor service.
I had the craziest experience in this cafe.  I ordered 9 bagels to-go.  Asked the lady at the counter if she would mind if I paid & came back in a little bit, assuming it would take awhile.  She gave me an attitude, saying, "Yeah, it's gonna take a minute!".  So I left & returned about 15 min later.  

When I came back, I waited patiently in the corner for them to call me & let me know the order was ready (they were pretty busy).  She finally came around the counter & handed me the bagels.  She then started yelling at me that I hadn't given her enough tip when I ordered (I had only put the change in the jar, because of the rude comment).  She yelled at me & my friend for awhile right in the middle of the cafe!  I told her it was offensive to speak to a customer that way.  She said I had offended her too, so we were even.

I seriously have never had a customer service experience this bad...and so unprompted.  I honestly tip all the time, but not to people who are rude to me.  So...I guess this ends my patronage of Satellite Cafe.
I was apprehensive when I saw all of the reviews about bad service, but I came here with a friend and we had great service. Friendly server who made eye contact and chatted about the weather while taking and preparing our order correctly. No complaints! 
This place is a bit overwhelming for a vegetarian because there are just so many good options, it's hard to choose. Good reason to come back here next time I'm in the neighborhood. I recommend the black bean wrap and the espresso coffee. They have a bunch of good non-dairy (lol my phone tried to correct that to non-binary) mills including macadamia. The espresso itself is also well made enough to stand alone. 
There's seating inside, and when the weather's good, there's seating outside too. They get a lot of sunlight in the morning, so this is a great breakfast place. Also it's right by the tram if you're looking to pIck up something to go. Gender neutral restroom.
This place is just...unsettling/confusing. I went in with my husband in the hope of getting some basic breakfast food (like a bagel or croissant) and the whole aesthetic of this place is like it's a squat-which might be on purpose I don't know. There was some sort of really loud, really awful noise "music" playing, the restaurant seemed really grimy, the food selection was seriously limited and frankly suspect, the service was at best disinterested and at worst rude/uncooperative...we couldn't wait to get out of there. I've lived in west philly for 10 years and I know that specific area has a penchant for anarchists and crust punks who probably love this spot but if you're not one of those groups you're better off avoiding.
Deliciously vegan, vegetarian, whatever your fancy. Moderately priced in a way that is not at all inappropriate. Vegan fudge, pesto to die for, seating indoor, outdoor, and in a section with board games. Great for sandwiches, my favorite is the bike shop special on spinach wrap- they toast it perfectly. I don't even like wraps even a little bit, and it's fantastic. They also offer it on bagels if you get there early enough in the day. Another good one is... the Ring of Fire, I think. Roasted Red Pepper delciousness...

Conveniently located under a bike shop? 

Decor is recycled and hipster, indoor and out. Be sure to sign the bathroom wall with the chalk located therein.
I love the Satellite: the Kale Smoothie, their bagels are amazing, the breakfast burrito is yummy and the people that work there are interesting.  Oh and the prices are super CHEAP.

I wouldn't go in if you were in a rush but otherwise the food is good and fresh.  They have a "bike shop" special bagel with pesto, red peppers and spinach (with cream cheese) that is wonderful.  They have a lox bagel too for only $3 something.  It's nice to get in somewhere and be able to get a bagel and a coffee for under $5.
I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed this place! Proof that I (sadly) haven't been spending enough time in West Philly lately.

Satellite is, hands down, my favorite coffee shop/cafe in Philadelphia. It's colorful and unique and not putting on airs at all. Instead, it feels so cozy and lived-in, colorful and vibrant and absolutely loved. The coffee is SO delicious. 

And ohmygod the wraps. I will pay someone to bring me a basil/mozzarella/spinach wrap.  Honestly. I WILL PAY YOU. 

There are flyers about community events and tables outside for the nicer days or those who like smokes with their coffees. 

I love this place. I miss it dearly. Must go back.
I haven't had kale smoothies like the ones here anywhere else. They are OMFG in your mouth. The sandwiches are great for an afternoon pick-me-up, too.
The Bike Shop Special wrap was delicious! Pesto usually makes anything tasty & this wrap was no exception. Also, it was perfectly warmed up with a nice crisp sear. 

The Black bean wrap was fine, but comparatively bland and boring.

I'd happily return for the Bike Shop Special!
There is something so satisfying about the Bike Shop Roll Up. I'll order it any time of day. 

I love this crusty place and I hope it never changes.
I feel that a coffee shop should offer more than one type of caffeinated variety of drip coffee. And although it's not as strong as some other french roasts, Satellites is always hot and consistently brewed. Beware of the small, it's about the size of two shots of espresso.

The almond croissants are delicious though not always there when I am. Generally a quiet atmosphere inside with people reading or chatting.

I would come back though not before exploring other coffee shops in the neighborhood.
I dig places that are unapologetic about who and what they are. I appreciate character. When I forget to eat breakfast or just don't have time, Satellite is my go-to. Bike shop bagel sandwich.  Black bean wrap--the spicy one. Simple, savory sustenance. Wait the 10 minutes, it will be worth it.
LOVE the Satellite. True, it is a little grungy, the food is yummy and vegan-friendly but can take a while if it's busy, and I have had some not-so-nice service (mostly by people who don't work there anymore). But I'd much rather have personality than perfection, and the Satellite's got personality oozing from its tattooed pores. There are always some interesting conversations to be overheard from its clientele of local students, intellectuals, activists and eccentrics. It has a funkiness that is fine with me but probably is not for everyone.

I come here for coffee almost every day, as it is super close to my house. I would go a little farther for a good cup of coffee, but the Satellite's coffee is great. They always have 2 excellent varieties of self-serve brewed coffee, my favorite in the neighborhood, and all drinks are 50 cents off if you bring your own cup. No decaf though, they have to make that individually. Kale smoothies are the bomb.

Nice folks, crazy art, free wifi and computer use, and a section with children's books that keeps my daughter occupied while we wait for our bagel. The Satellite is a wonderful and colorful little coffee shop that will keep me returning for years to come.

(In response to certain other reviewers: 1. I am pretty sure the zucchini bread has chocolate chips in it, so they are one and the same.  2. They actually do have fake sweetener; maybe you missed it because it's not kept right next to the other condiments. Unless they were out that day. It happens.)
I really hate this place.  Largely it's because the staff has been rude and unpleasant. 

The coffee is good but the couple of times I had food it was not very good.  Once I had a piece of chocolate cake here.  You know when your fridge hasn't been cleaned in awhile and any food you leave in there absorbs the not so fresh scents?  It was stale and tasted like that. Another time, I ordered a veg chicken sandwich and they neglected to tell me that it comes liberally sprinkled with cayenne pepper.  The four year old I was trying to share it with was not pleased.

Periodically when I am in the area I think I should give this place another shot.  Some lovely people I know spend time here.  But every time I go back I don't like it.  I think I am done trying now.
There's a fine line between dumpster chic and dumpster. Unfortunately, this place falls on the wrong side of it. Popped in to work for a few hours based on positive yelp reviews, but was completely underwhelmed. My iced chai latte tasted like a strong black tea with some soy milk poured in. I'm not sure where the spice was. It looked like they had a decent selection of vegetarian fare, but after seeing the absolutely disgusting bathroom (presumably used by employees), I wasn't willing to touch the food.

Not a great spot to read or get work done, owing to the general dark and gloomy atmosphere. Also, cash only, so if you do stop in make sure you have some on you.
So much bad art in here. Yet, people are hanging out here, like, they are ok with the mediocrity. I mean you come to expect bad art at coffee shops, but this is out of control. I'm actually angry.
Absolutely the worse attitude from the servers.  We went on oct 29th during the afternoon and were rudely reprimanded by the service when we asked where our sandwich was after 45 minutes.

It's really too bad.  It could be a good place with better staff, but the people they hire make the place not worth going to.
I came here this morning, after living in the area for a few months now,   and never getting a chance to come here. I wanted to go out to eat this morning, but also didn't want to burn a hole in my wallet...so I thought I'd try this place. I had been here once awhile back and remembered having a positive experience. And today was no exception. It was a little more crowded than last time (last time I had come in the middle of the afternoon on a random weekday), so we couldn't sit while we waited for our food.... but everything else was great, and I left feeling quite satisfied. 

I ordered a "Bike Shop Special" (roasted red pepper, pesto, cream cheese, and spinach), on a whole wheat bagel. It was DELICIOUS. It came out freshly made, piping hot...and it was cheap! Only 2.50! My friend ordered the breakfast burrito...also delectable, with beans, cheese, and some spicy tomato sauce. Yum. 

I love the atmosphere, too-- the brightly colored walls, the chill vibe, and the handful of West Philly natives hanging out in their cool outfits. 

So, being inexpensive, delicious, and only a 2 min walk from my house... I am definitely coming back. And often, too. I can't believe i haven't hung out here more often!
hmmmm. they have awesome vegan treats and cool colors, but the energy is less than positive... and frankly, their customer service stinks, actually, they exhibit very little at all... i have tried this spot a few times and called on the phone (becasue i live sort of close, but not immediate walking distance) each person has been quite ugh (not sure of a totally cool word to describe)... i am not sure who you have to be or how you need to look or dress to get a decent interaction?!!? everyone has an opinion! we are entitled to our experiences, to feel what we feel and to express that!!!!!!!!!!!!! just because one person went one day and they received a smile and greeting, doesn't mean that the next four people did.... it's not judgement, it is those peoples' FACT! THANK YOU!
This place has become my go-to when it comes to getting work done in Philly. The cafe has a lot of great bonuses in addition to the standard free wifi and ample seating, namely:
An enormous tea selection that I have yet to exhaust. Always something new to try out,
Incredible bagels, albeit they do run out fairly early, so I'd suggest coming a bit early to get them. I think the secret to their tastiness is that they are buttered before being toasted in the panini press..
And, of course, great spreads for your bagels. I recommend the one that is similar to olive tapenade. 
In all, highly recommended.
These nutso hipsters will yell at you if you don't tip. I figured an establishment like this would be progressive, ya know, pay a living wage, offer profit sharing, then no tipping would be necessary. Nope, just another corporate coffee shop.
And they are slow! And refuse to take orders over the phone.
Pretty cool place! My girlfriend recently moved nearby and this popped up as one of the closest coffee houses to her. We gladly took the ride here and were even happier once we walked through the door. I would describe the atmosphere as very eclectic with books, pictures, and other cool stuff on the walls. 

We ordered the "Black Death," which is coffee with a shot of espresso and chocolate, iced coffee, and a vegan chocolate chip cookie. Both the drinks were perfectly blended and quite tasty. The Black Death, with its cool sounding name was a perfect "pick me up" and my iced coffee was deliciously refreshing on such a hot, sticky day. The cookie was so moist, yet did not fall apart or crumble when we bit into it. It had just the right consistency of chocolate chips (Wow that kinda came out like Sam Rothstein when he wants to make sure that each blueberry muffin has the same amount of blueberries in Casino). Anyway, I digress. 

After relaxing for some time we decided to head out and grabbed a peanut butter brownie to go. This brownie was delicious, and was one of the best that I've had in a while. Once again, moist, chocolately, plenty of peanut butter and not hard like some brownies can get. 

Overall, I really liked Satellite and definitely plan on coming back especially since there are many other vegan options on the menu and Dock Street Brewing is right next door, which I still have yet to visit!
Mmm. Coffee.  

The people here are mostly nice, the food is usually good (sometimes a little under-cooked, as was my Black Bean Wrap today), and there's a cute kitty who lives there.  The coffee is actually a little bitter for me sometimes, but the selection of food is awesome.  And the Kale Smoothie is a great snack on a warm day when you're feeling like you haven't had enough greens lately.  Oh, and they invented my all-time favorite smoothie: The Nudge.  Coffee, chocolate, banana, peanut butter.  All of the best things ever in one drink.  Often they are out of bananas and/or p.b., but I've been known to go buy them some so they can make it for me.  Yay Satellite!
I love Satellite. SO many great vegan food options (including a grilled cheese) and a bunch of vegan desserts all from Vegan Treats. Vegan Treats really just needs to come to Philadelphia, on a side note. They also have a very extensive tea selection and some other pretty good looking drinks.
Ambiance great, coffee bad, bike shop great, no-wifi-until-3pm (and not advertised anywhere) bad. It's a pity, because this place could be a five star neighborhood favorite.
The Satellite Cafe in theory is a great concept however the product itself is mediocre. I ordered an ice coffee which was extremely weak and was in a paper cup that was lined with that plastic(y) inside and I couldn't even finish my coffee because it tasted like plastic/the cup. Also they're serving iced coffee in a hot coffee cup, not very stable. We ordered two paninis which were ok. Pretty basic just a wrap put on an old school grill filled with egg and another with pesto and mozzarella. They took a decent amount of time to make because the cafe was busy and there was the one panini press. I asked the barista if they had cinnamon and he was not very helpful.. after a pregnant pause he responded that maybe theres cinnamon, he hasn't seen it in a while so maybe they don't have it anymore.. probably not. I can see why locals love this place but it is certainly not anywhere I would go out of my way to go to.
Satellite has always provided me with quite a relaxing atmosphere, while reading a book over coffee, that I did not feel like making myself.  This is extremely important to me.  Not to say that the noise level is that of a library, which it most certainly is not.  There's a soundtrack present, which kind of hits me as a low hum of punk, and which I kind of tune out after a while.

So coffee, yes this is why I came in the first place wasn't it?  It's quite tasty, and in several varieties in different pour your own carafes. I can't speak for the quality of other various espresso/coffee/milk/foam etc. combinations, since I tend to just order coffee at whichever cafe I happen to visit.

On to food, the barista recommended the bike shop special bagel.  Well it just about knocked my socks off and was certainly one of the better bagel and topping combinations I've had.  Although I've not had some of the more elaborate cakes, the cookies are rather tasty as well.   

Now having read some of the other reviews I would like to make one thing clear.  The vibe at the Satellite is not really of the hipster variety.  There are punks yes, and there are punks of varying crusty varieties.  There are most certainly people who appear to have hippy leanings.  I cannot however say that I have seen many hipsters.  If you enjoy going on safari and spotting hipsters in their natural habitat, I suggest paying a visit to nearly any establishment that serves coffee in Fishtown, where they thrive in abundance. 

The service was quite alright, and I would go so far as to say that I really didn't pick on an "I'm cooler than you because I'm on the other end of a counter in an independently owned cafe" vibe.
Satellite is my neighborhood cafe, with reasonable prices and plenty of vegan treats.  They have a pretty good selection of bagels, and the coffee is above average.

I honestly just can't get beyond how dirty this place is.  The lighting is usually dim (which doesn't help), the tables were sticky when I went my one and only time (hint: I almost never only visit a place once), the bathroom was ... yeah, and the floor didn't look as if it had been swept recently.

The bar is also very small, which makes it difficult to have more than one or two people back there -- which means you will be waiting for your order.  Obviously, if you plan ahead, no big deal.

Basically, if you're okay with your food places filthy, Satellite is probably a solid four stars.  That's not something I compromise on, though.
So if you've never been to Satellite and wonder if it is worth investigating, don't be off-put by all these comments about the rude staff/slow service, etc.  I mean, if you have ever worked in service you must know that is is perfectly reasonable for cafe workers/servers/staff to have their own inner monologue throughout the course of a shift, of which the customer is but a part.

Things take time there because it is small.  This is a charm.  Don't come here if you're "in a rush".  No one will benefit from that worried, nervous energy.
good coffee, nice selection of teas that they will put on ice for you if you want.  I highly appreciate that they discourage smoking on the patio.  People who work here are friendly and cute.  Food is excellent-- seems like more than the sum of its parts somehow-- customizable and cheap.  Equal opportunity for wheat/lactose/animal product free and those who want that stuff.  Weird that a lot of their sandwiches have cream cheese in them.. I just pass on that.  I also like that there is a different kind of music playing every time I go but it's not super loud so if you aren't into it, no prob.

EDIT: Allow me to elaborate a little more, this time with specific eye to their food.  This place really shows how vegan cooking ups the bar for all of us.  They have so many possible options for bagels you could go for a week without trying them all-- pesto, different kinds of butter/cream cheese, ajvar (spicy red pepper paste), all sorts of veggies.  This stuff really ruins you for any other place that just has plain ol' bagels and cream cheese.  

I nominate their Bike Shop Bagel (loaded w/ cream cheese [vegan if you want it], baby spinach, roasted red peppers, and pesto) for one of the best deals in town at $2.25 (50 cents more for vegan).  Their wraps-- especially black bean wrap-- is also a total steal and will fill you up for the rest of the day.  Good quality hot sauce too, a nice bonus for the pepper-addicted like me.  THUMBS UP to Satellite on all counts.
I want this to be MY coffeeshop because I value so much of what they do, but I'm one of those jerks who pays for service, and expects it. Sorry. They don't like me. I don't like them. I think we've pretty much reached an agreement. 

There are many very friendly and wonderful people there but they are partial to their regulars. I have limited funds and I want to spend it somewhere where it is valued. 

The last time I went there there was a giant patch of ice directly in front of the front door that looked like they hadn't bothered to salt all winter and there is always a fella there who does not have shoes on (and hasn't, ever) no matter what time of year. I realize both of these could probably for political reasons, which I might overlook if they gave me the zucchini bread I ordered instead of the chocolate chip bread I did not. And 100 million vegan breads but no gluten free options seems, I don't know, offputting. 

Then, when the girl forgot all about my tea that was steeping and I tried, ever so politely to remind her, before the rush that just came in made her completely forget about me, she gave me an attitude. I'm sorry I know I'm high maintenance, but I paid to be that way. I ate the stupid chocolate chip bread without telling you. Let's call it even.
I like this place a lot. The food (breakfast and lunch options) is pretty good, and very vegetarian/vegan friendly. I would give the coffee a solid B (assuming fancy pourover type places are getting an A). It's small inside, but I've never seen it super super crowded. They even have a tiny table and chairs and some toys for the little ones, which I much appreciated when I was home with my son recently! It's also right across from Cedar Park so it's easy enough to grab a coffee before letting your kid run wild on the playground.

A caveat: it's cash-only, so come prepared.
The food is ok if your a vegan, but the workers are wannabes upper crust punks with a silver spoon in their behind. I lived in West Philly for seven years now, and almost every time I ordered drinks or food the staff acts like your bothering them.  I guess if you're a hipster with a bad snobby attitude this is the place for you.......
a classmate and i decided to meet for a couple hours to work on our final. we couldn't agree with our usual spots (i didn't like where she usually goes and she didn't like where i usually go) so we came to a compromise with satellite cafe. it's close to me, but not close enough for me trek out here often, esp in the cold. 

anyways, the place is small and cute. it reminded me of the small little mom and pop coffee shops by the beach in southern ca. very punk. the employees working were nice. i asked for a small coffee and was surprised that it was only $1.50! being on baltimore ave, i figured it would cost me at least $2/$2.50. cool thing, they had a soy milk option to pour into my coffee. other spots don't offer this option...at least the coffee shops i've been to so far. always the full milk creamer experience only...so this was a pleasant surprise. 

they were playing some punk rock songs when i walked in and after awhile, they switched it up to some jazz. cool since a lot of folks were working on shit. 

i didn't get to try any of their food but would def try some next time. they were also pretty busy on a sunday night. good sign. the coffee was ok.
A casual coffeeshop brimming with vegan delights - drinks, desserts, bagels sandwiches. Very reasonable prices.
My current favorite is the peanut butter bomb cake.
It's so delicious I can't even understand it.
I was visiting a friend around this neighborhood and she recommended this place. I got a latte to feed my caffeine addiction and was more than satisfied with the quality. The Bike Shop Special bagel was also delicious and well priced, I'd probably eat one everyday if I lived in the area!
Part of my four stars is nostalgia, since Satellite is associated with fond memories of last summer.

But most of it is for cheap, decent coffee, cheap delicious wraps (the bike shop special inspired me to attempt my own version, which is never QUITE as good), and cute vegan baked goods. Also, free wifi, and remarkably, their iced coffee is good enough to drink black, which I find iced coffee almost never is.

I don't really understand why everyone complains about the servers and the customers. I've never had a remarkably bad experience, and if the crowd bothers you that much, just order and go sit in Cedar Park.
Cute, quirky neighborhood coffee shop.  The self serve coffee was cheap, but undrinkable. I hear the bagels are where it's at though.
Magic bagel!  Magic bagel!  Satellite reminds of what coffee shops were like back when they were actually cool.  My favorite place to grab breakfast with early rising friends in West Philly.
Satellite is in a way too "funky and cool" for it's own good- there is definitely a community vibe, and when it isn't packed that can lend itself to a pleasant afternoon hanging out, working on a laptop, and ordering food and drinks. But the quality (and contents) of those food and drinks are going to vary entirely based on who is making them for you. The same can be said for how long it'll take-- the phase of the moon and alignment of the planets may also be involved.

Personally, I think all of that is just fine- if you want machine-consistent drinks and equally industrialized turnaround, chances are you're already waiting in line at Starbucks. Compared with nearby Cafe's, I find Satellite a better place to go if you want to stick around, and Greenline better if you're planning on grabbing a drink and jetting (they tend to be more consistent.)

The lunch-type food options are slightly limited, consisting of tasty wraps and bagels during the week. Many vegan and vegetarian pastries, and smoothies- including kale smoothies which are, surprisingly, not bad.
Bike Shop special bagel is so delicious -- it's cream cheese, pesto, red peppers and spinach on your choice of a bagel. For $3.50 it's really an amazing price for fresh ingredients on a solid bagel.

Service is a little spotty. Last week when i went and asked for the bike shop special , she commented " I don't know what you mean by house special. We have a bike shop special though". Even if I said it incorrectly, which I'm not sure I did -- that's pretty snarky for no reason. 

Today it was a different person and she was awesome and much friendlier/ personable. Bagel takes about 7-10 minutes though, so factor that into your commute/ wait time. 

Solid food  choices, healthy vegetarian options at a very reasonable price.
Yes, you will wait an eternity for your food to cook. Yes, you will be surrounded by people who may or may not be homeless. Yes, the music is...interesting to say the least. But it's an ANARCHIST cafe so what do you expect? The sandwiches are fantastic (I always get the bike stop wrap) and the girl behind the counter is very friendly. They also have a computer there in case you need to check your email, the news or, you know, an anarchist blog. Not a place to bring the 'rents, but a great place to hang out, read a book and people watch.
I am very glad Yelp reviewers gave their advice so generously about this place... I now have a favourite spot in West Philly, and a better sense of the people that live here. I moved to South Jersey last year from Canada and before exploring Philly's west quarter I felt like I'd never find a neighbourhood that fit my lifestyle (and my tiny budget!). I've never been so happy to be proven wrong!

My go-to here is the Vegan Bike Shop bagel, a kale smoothie, and americano. And I can't believe I can get all that for 10 bucks!

 If you love Starbucks this isn't your joint... but then again it's never too late to open your mind and step outside the cookie cutter. Sure, I felt a little out of place at first, but isn't life an exercise in overcoming that? There's no judge or jury at Satellite, as far I can tell! Go!!
the hipster vibe is on 10...and the Macadamia latte is off the charts! free wi-fi and lots of anti-establishment-ness. whenever i'm in West Philly, Starbucks does not exist...SATELLITE is where i get my caffeine fix.
I stopped going to this place a couple years ago because I got so disgusted with the slow service, repeatedly incorrect orders, and terrrible attitude from the staff. A friend wanted to go a few weeks ago so I decided to give it another chance, and unfortunately it hasn't changed a bit. Because it takes so long to get even a simple bagel or sandwich, my friend mistakenly grabbed someone else's order (since none of them were labeled). When I went up to get mine, the self-righteous 20-something girl at the counter was bitching to another customer about my friend, dropping f-bombs and all. If anyone who worked for me ever spoke to a customer like that, I'd fire them on the spot. There are plenty of other "independent" coffee/food places you can go in west Philly and not have to put up with this nonsense.
As simple as this: my favorite place for coffee and a bagel in Philly.

Good coffee, good food -and way too cheap.  While the stereotype of the "l'il old lady from the suburbs" might not find the atmosphere appealing, most other folks will.  Laid back, funky -all those adjectives for a cool place.  People here talk to each other; it's a meeting place for W.Philly's bike riders, D.I.Y.-ers, gay&straight.alt-ers and most of the other folks I like.
Tons of stuff for Veggies&vegans, but the carnivores won't suffer here.
Satellite is what every city wished they had for a cool cafe.
The few times I've eaten here the food has been great. I mostly get takeout smoothies. Really good spot for vegetarians and vegans. The black bean wrap is delicious and the kale smoothie is awesome. 

The café itself is a little...aromatic, especially in the warmer months. It may be the customers more so than the establishment itself (no offense). The staff is never especially warm or welcoming, which knocked down the rating for me. I have heard of other unpleasant interactions with the staff as well. The wait for takeout smoothies is always longer than I expect, but not terrible.

I have yet to try the bike shop special, but I have heard good things! Hope to have one soon. Keep in mind they are cash only. I would recommend Satellite for takeout.
I've always liked Satellite.  They're consistently a three-star establishment.  HOWEVER, with their consideration of people's dietary quirks and needs (i.e. vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free) they deserve an extra star.  I went in over the weekend and saw that they're now offering gluten free wraps!  I can finally have a Bike Shop Special again.  Ahhh, life and satellite are a-okay.  BTW, don't listen to people who say you have to be dirty to get waited on.  I showered on Saturday and everyone was still nice to me.
This small cafe is connected to what was once the Firehouse Farmers Market and is directly below Firehouse Bikes.  The place has good coffee, a nice atmosphere, a really cool staff of very nice young semi-alternative/punk like people, and so on.  If you're looking for a place to get great coffee near University City but you want to avoid the University of Penn hipsters  then this is definitely the place to go.  It also has a good selection of vegan food.  PS: try the "candy bar latte", i's AMAZING!
What a wonderful addition to West Philly and my all time favorite neighborhood cafe!  This is the perfect place to get a tea or coffee, sit down with a laptop and work or meet up with friends and hang out.   Artsy decor, a computer that plays the cafe's playlist of songs that range from contemporary to old classics and board games and toys are in the corner inviting customers to hang out and play or keep a child occupied.

The tea selection is fantastic with about 40 different tea and tea related drinks to choose from.  They also have their own tea blends they make that are really tasty.  Every tea can also be put on ice too.

Really great stop on a walk with a date as well.

I wish I could import this cafe to wherever I live.
Cool place, everything is self serve; however, kind of annoying that credit card purchases $5 and below come with additional charge. Small tables just FYI. But great ambience, very quiet, really good coffee, and overall great place.
I'm a sucker for a hipster haven such as Satellite that knows how to properly brew the coffee and espresso (strong), spread a toasted bagel to the specifications of all-comers (vegan or dairy-friendly) offer free Wi-Fi...and be situated under a bike shop....especially if I'm on the road. I stayed a few blocks from Satellite on a recent tour through Philly, and it became my go-to for the aforementioned espresso and vegan-schmeared bagel as well as people watching. On sunny days, the patio was filled with a chill crowd of artsy and active locals that made it seem like the place to be. Try the bike-shop special. A vegan veggie filled wrap that's warm and generously proportioned.
I stopped here with a friend one night after we couldn't get into Slaughterhouse Five at the Curio.  We were originally lured in by the decor, a prettily lit cove crowded in by much bigger businesses.  Unlike a lot of people, it seems, I found the indoor atmosphere really relaxing -- soft lighting and plenty of tables and chairs, with wood furnishing and quirky decoration.  The staff were friendly without being overbearing, and were happy to answer my questions.

I got a chai tea latte with almond milk, and was pleasantly surprised when it was brewed rather than made with a mixture.  The result was a much more earthy, spiced tea, hardly sweet at all.  My friend got a mate latte with almond milk, and she liked her drink as well.  We split one of the (vegan!) chocolate mint brownies, and it was heavenly -- I had to ask the girl at the counter if they really were vegan.  I have yet to try their coffee, but it is probably good too.

They have outdoor seating too, a small area with picnic tables and fairy lights strung along the staircase that leads to the bike repair shop.  If that doesn't cement this place as a hipster paradise, I don't know what does.

Downsides (if you see them as such):
-This place is cash only.  There is a PFCU right near the cafe, and there are ATMs all around.
-They do have a cat, a sassy little thing named Lina.  She keeps away from the food and beverages, mostly hanging out by the exit, but if that sort of thing skeeves you out, you might want to not go or take some Benadryl with you.

I would recommend this place.  I can't wait to go back again.
For under $5 I get a terrific breakfast. They have the best coffee in this part of the city, terrific bagels (except it's all vegan, and they don't have onions). But I love this place because the staff is incredibly friendly, the coffee and bagels are damn good, and it is very affordable. Continues to be my go-to for coffee & bagels. I usually don't write reviews but satellite deserves some recognition for what they do.
Cool spot--hidden though, had trouble finding it. Didn't prefer the $5 minimum on the card (or a .$25 surcharge) and thought the paper cups were a little unusual. But these are small issues, ultimately. The cup of coffee was really great (I should confess I know little about coffee), but it felt balanced, fruity, and not too dense.
I agree with other reviewers that the service here can be very dismissive. I've been here twice. First time was fine, I ordered iced tea and it was fine. Took very long to come out, but overall okay. Second time I was essentially ignored when trying to order. I came up to the counter and the guy behind the counter was so rude. I walked up and said hi, he made eye contact with me twice, made a heavy sigh and turned around to the back area. He didn't say anything or gesture to wait. He turned around to do something in the back, though he was scrolling on his phone when I walked up to him. I didn't even want to order anymore and walked right out. 

TLDR; really bad service / rude employees that will roll their eyes and ignore you when you want to order something
this place is honestly great.  good coffee and DIY vibe, local art, lo-fi aesthetic and very unpretentious.  The only downside is when locals bring their kids because its small and kids sort of make too much noise and are always smelly.

 Anyway the best part is how this is a flavor of the real west philly, not the bourgeois richy rich college kids (or professors) that are always trying to gentrify the neighborhood.  Coffee and snacks for the people, not the starbux crowd.

Plus one time i found a free bagel on a table and nobody judged me when i ate it.
Fresh fair trade coffee, lots of vegan options, very reasonable price, & low-key atmosphere where friends can kick it for hours pontificating on music, politics, life...don't forget to sign the petition to save the Kingsessing Library on your way out.  This is how indy coffee shops are supposed to be (well, according to this San Francisco Bay Area transplant).  However, if you're seeking something more along the lines of Starbucks, this place may feel a bit claustrophobic for you.
This is the best coffee in the neighborhood. I feel like people hyped up a lot of the other hip and shiny coffee shops to me when I first came here but I keep returning to Satellite over and over because the coffee here is hands down the best. The food is great too, and I love that it is low key and unpretentious. It's my favorite breakfast spot around.
Hard to find. Circled the block 3 times before realizing it's tucked away behind a short brick wall and not brightly lit. Odd.

The vibe inside is super stoner-chill. The food was good and they have gluten free wrap options, but my wrap smelled and tasted like playdoh. Not sure what it was made of.

I ordered vegan cream cheese on my wrap that I also tossed, the texture was spot on but the flavor was super weird.

My husband got a normal bagel with normal cream cheese and smoked salmon, which he said was "pretty good!"
