I was craving some basic comfort food recently and decided to order a grilled cheese and tomato soup from The Foodery. The order came with a pickle slice and bag of chips. Though I did need to reheat the grilled cheese in my air fryer upon arrival, it was still great and the tomato soup was perfect (and topped with a big, cheesy crouton thing!). 

I've always liked this spot and am glad to see they are still offering quality eats!
Wow this place is the real deal for weekend brunch. They have a menu for Saturday/Sundays from 11am to 3pm that includes a large breakfast sandwich/burrito, home fries, and a 9oz beer for a mere $6... The sausage egg and cheese sandwich I ordered was definitely a lot more substantial than I expected for $6. The beer, I believe, also changes weekly and was definitely a nice addition. Looks like this will become my weekend go to spot for lunch/brunch.
This place is so solid, I have to update my review to five stars. We order delivery from The Foodery pretty regularly, and we are always very happy with our orders. The half sandwich plus a side of soup or salad is a great deal at $11. You get the heartiness of the sandwich without feeling like you went overboard on the carbs. Favorite sandwiches are the olive oil poached tuna, the godfather, and the roasted turkey (served warm).  

Sandwiches are very consistent - I know what I'm going to get every single time. Ingredients are tasty and high quality. I definitely think The Foodery is a level above other comparable sandwich shops.
First impressions can leave lasting ones, whether positive or negative.  This spot left one on the latter side for my bf and me.  We went here today after an employee of a retail store nearby boasted about this place, and so we decided to check it out.  
Hmmm... let's just talk about the service since that's what is really grinding my gears about this place.  THERE. WAS. NONE.
It was near empty and yet no one greeted us, asked us if we needed help or any other kind of courteous gesture to help us first-timers out, even when we asked for it!

I do have to say that they do carry a crazy amount of craft beers most sold as single bottles and we did leave with several bottles of seasonal beers. They do offer a 10% discount on a 6 pack and a 20% discount if you buy a 6 pack of 1 kind of beer.  (And why shouldn't they?!  Their mark up is a bit ridiculous)

It's too bad that their service gave us such a bad taste in the mouth, because their food menu did look somewhat appetizing.

Oh well Foodery, we won't be back because of today's experience.  And we'll most likely reminisce about it when we're back in the 'hood.
I've been a regular customer at the Foolery. However, I've since learned they are highly disrespectful of their customers' time and money. They lie about their hours. They also treat you terrible when it's your birthday. I won't be going back again. 

When the Pope was in town, I called four hours in advance to confirm they would be open until their claimed time of midnight. I needed to purchase about 20 beers for an event (my birthday afterparty on a rooftop), and I needed to do it between 11:30 and midnight on Friday. I showed up with my friends at 11:45 and they were closed. In addition to being closed, they were very rude about it (intentionally drinking a beer in front of me and avoiding conversation) while they should have been apologetic. They lied to me about their hours and then failed to properly and effectively deal with the situation.

I won't go back again for two reasons. 1) If this is how they deal with mistakes, this is also probably how they deal with issues with their food (avoid the problem and hope it goes away) and 2) they lack the sensibility to follow through on their hours, meaning you never know if they will be open even after calling ahead and confirming.
Our group of six ducked into The Corner Foodery for some pre-gaming action before the Flyers game on Saturday. The set up is half bottle shop, half sit-down eatery. You can pick out bottles to drink there and just pay as you go and enjoy the seating. There are still and bubbly water taps and several TVs scattered around. I was surprised at the ample amount of seating and even more surprised at the lack of people. I think this place is still under the radar, but I can't imagine that it will be for very long. It's not often you can go to a restaurant and drink a beer at the bottle price.   

The menu is a mix of sandwiches, salads and snacks that sounds delicious. I'm eager to get back for lunch or dinner sometime soon.
I like the concept of this place and the selection of beers is alright. But the entire appeal to me is to keep the drinks cheap. That used to be easy to do until they stopped posting prices of the beers in the case. I grabbed a beer that I hadn't heard of - it rang in at $13 for a 12oz! Before I had the chance to say whoa, let me just pick something else the bartender popped it open and said, "too late." I won't be coming here anymore.
Love the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo they sell here!  Everyone who works here is very nice and the beer selection is truly enormous.  My only complaint is that it's a little loud inside.
To be honest id give this place 4 stars if the prices where even in the ballpark of 'reasonable'. I get that it's In the Rittenhouse area, but a pre-packaged six pack of Nitro Milk stout, Brooklyn Summer Ale, and Bell's Oberon in no way should be $58. I normally only pay $35 for That same collection of 18 beers at other stores. 

The original price that came up at the register was $68, and I thought "that can't be right", and then a couple taps on the register and it dropped. But $58 still can't be right. I understand paying by the bottle for the mix and match 6ers, but to charge the standard six pack by the bottle as well seems insane. Won't be going back, and you shouldn't either.
The Corner Foodery is an excellent new addition to the Center City nexus of takeout beer, tap beer, and gourmet sandwiches. I was there for its opening day and this partnership between the takeout beer emporium The Foodery and The Corner restaurant does not disappoint.

The decor on the inside is not your average Foodery and is more in line with The Corner on 13th street. The space inhabits two long properties opposite the Sofitel Hotel which have been joined together. On one side you have a long hall of coolers containing the top-rate selection of beers one would expect from the Foodery. More of the selection of rare bottles is available on tables opposite the coolers. There are small counters at the front and back of this side of the space. The back counter has several taps. 

On the other side you have ample seating for the restaurant portion of the business. The seating is a mixture of long communal tables in the front, along with wooden booths and two person cafe seating along a large bench. The back of this side has the counter which offers food along one side and taps on the other. 

I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone on a long roll. It was huge and excellent. Other people in my party ordered one of the sausage sandwiches that comes on a long roll. I sampled that and it was exceptionally good. Several of the sandwiches cost around $10. 

The Corner Foodery was also handing out complimentary half pours of beer for free in honor of their first day. The beer was Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale which tasted great on tap. 

The ambiance, selection of takeout beer, and the selection and quality of the food make The Corner Foodery an excellent place to stop for lunch or to pop in to grab some quality takeout beer in an upscale setting. They have done an excellent job on their first day of business which is not easy to do. They get four stars on the basis of what one can reasonably review upon the first day of a business. I will be returning to update my review. You should not wait for that. Stop by.
So excited after one visit here!

But, ouch did this seems a bit expensive? Seemed like all the individual beers I got were between 3.50-5 dollars, but maybe I just unknowingly picked more expensive beers. That said this place has tons of potential, lots of space to sit and drink, in a good part of town. A big, diverse beer selection, some interesting taps, looks like they'll have a legitimate food menu with sandwiches and more.

Everyone was very nice, there was only a small crowd but it was early on opening day. I can't overstate how impressed I am with this place. Pennsylvania at large is crippled by pretty tough regulations on liquor distribution so creativity in being able to market alcohol is limited. This is wildly successful especially given the political construct.
This place is really overrated on yelp.

The staff is hipster and aloof, and the food I tried was mediocre and overpriced. I got the meatball sub. For almost $12 with tax, it had 4 subway-sized meatballs, bland marinara, and a dry bun that was about 4 inches too long for the amount of meatballs on it. Kraft parm was sprinkled on top. 

My bad for coming here when I wasn't going to be drinking. The beer selection is solid. With a few beers in me, it wold be a solid 3 stars
I like that you can order at the counter and food is ready and brought out within 10 minutes. There is a good amount of options for sandwiches and salads. I order the cobb salad, and was a bit disappointed with the chicken. It had that wet/squishy/chemicaly, like the one you buy pre made in the super market. So for $15 it was a bit disappointing, I think the better option is to probably get one of the sandwiches there. I do like the atmosphere, super laid back and quick.
I love this place mostly because it's so close to my apartment and I'm lazy. However, they have so many different kinds of beer here, as well as cider. Their food, particularly their grilled cheese, is quite good, which makes this place 2x as good. Only problem is their beers rotate a lot so if you find one you like that's kinda obscure, stock up while you can!
Great happy hour spot and lunch spot! For happy hour it is not too crowded and all the appetizers are 50% off. My favorites are the the flatbread and the fries. You order at the counter and are free to pick out whatever beers you want from the fridge to chase down the delicious apps. The beer selection is excellent - you can find delicious US craft beers or delicious imported brands from all over the world (oh and ciders as well). It is not too crowded during happy hour so you can easily find a seat and with noone waiting on you can you stay as long as you want!
This place is expensive. I'd read it in the reviews, but somehow thought it wouldn't be too much of a shock compared to SF prices. That was before I saw cans of beer for $3-4. 

Anyway, I stopped by for lunch while an Eagles game was on. I tried the half meatball grinder, the warm mozzarella side, and the Parmesan popcorn. None of it was very good. The warm mozzarella was ok, but not warm. The popcorn tasted really stale.
An overwhelming beer selection, it's an International beer hall.  Beer drinkers will become regulars just to work their way through the vast selections.

My date however wanted wine, and with only beer on the menu, we had 1 unhappy diner with us that night.

A bit expensive compared to some of the other options in the city for beer variety, but it is in Rittenhouse, and you are paying for the convenience of selection.  Great spot to meet the guys to catch-up, but there's no real scene to speak of, which makes it a great spot to just grab a beer and BS.
This review is purely based on their beer costs.  $17.19 for a 6 pack of IPA cans is excessive.  I was only trying to spend about $10 or so.  Another qualm I have is that out of the four times I've been there, two of those times they didn't have prices on their beer.  I don't own a store myself but I'm pretty sure that after unlocking the door and turning the lights on you should make sure your merchandise has prices on it.  I just think it's a shitty way to run a business by giving your customers a surprise at the register.
Two behind the bar.  One sitting at the bar.   Simple?  You would think so.  Had to ask for another beer after waiting 10 minutes.   Beer was flat as was the experience.  They apparently feel they are doing the guest a favor.  Unfortunate.   There is a reason the foodery is quieter than Dandelion and it's not the beer.   Client service appears to be a "thing of the past".   Oh well.
BEER REVIEW: I didn't get a chance to try the food, but I did get a chance to take advantage of their massive bottle selection. If you're a beer lover or looking to fill out your Untappd, this is the place for you with over 600 beers available. If you can't find a beer here that you like then you'll never find one. Prices range from $3-6, a great value for the beers you have access to, and they're arranged in the cases by type for easy selection. Seating is limited and it fills up pretty quickly. Easy four stars based on the beer selection alone, and I'll be back to try the food.
I'm very excited about this place. THEY HAVE BEER. LOTS of it. And they have some good drafts as well, it's like an American buvette. 
I had a mortadella sandwich with vinegar and mozzarella with a Docks IPA, and it was quite delicious. Nice little cafe, and the staff seem friendly. 
Again, THEY HAVE BEEEEER.
Beer selection.. 5 stars.  Beer prices... 3 stars.  Food... 3.5 stars. 

I visited on a Sunday evening for dinner, and to check out the beer selection.  Was excited to have a different craft beer store in Rittenhouse other than Food & Friends, hoping to find some better prices.  I wasn't disappointed!  The craft beer selection was great!  Several finds here that I don't see at F&F.  Prices weren't as low as I hoped, but they were on-par with F&F. 

My roomie and I also ate, had the meatball grinder, and hot turkey sandwhich.  The turkey was delicious, fresh arugala and pesto with big turkey chunks.  Was not cheap turkey lunchmeat, this was the real deal turkey!!  The meatball grinder was good, but i wish there was more cheese melted on it. 

Service was great!  The lady explained the menu, poured us some draft beers, and was totally sweet and friendly.  She was so nice!  She says it gets really crowded during weekday lunch hour, and Friday nights.  So, come here when they aren't so busy, and you will enjoy yourself!

Buy 6 beers (mix-and-match), get 10% off!!  Great deal, I took advantage, and will be back again soon!
I  liked the concept of the place. The food was good too, however, the menu was slightly confusing to me. We were in for a phili cheese-steak, which we had, yet it wasn't on the menu.
the staff at the counter weren't that helpful, professional yet no friendly.
As a place it's alrightish, would I go again? No
I came to the foodery after handing in an exam and wow what a great decision. They have happy hour until 9pm where 'snacks' are half off and you bet I got a beer and two snacks (a cheese fondue mini bread bowl and steak fries) for under $10. You read that right folks. This place is awesome to "treat yourself" on a budget. Just an FYI for newbies, this is "no waitstaff" place if you didn't know, so be sure to order at the counter. If you get food, they'll give you a number and deliver to your table, but all ordering is done at the counter (and you can start tabs at the counter too, so it's not like it has to be a one and done sort of ordering). I would recommend the foodery without hesitation.
The Foodery....
We ordered the Milstein (chicken cutlet, sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, peppers, and long hots) and the meatball parm.  I slightly altered my Milstein (no peppers or long hots w/ an addition of marinara).  While it is possible that my alterations could have resulted in a mediocre sandwich, I don't think that was the case.  My friend wasn't a fan of the meatball grinder either, which had the same sauce as my sandwich.  The flavor of the sauce was pretty good, but the consistency was pasty and greasy (almost like a tomato tapenade, but a bit thicker).  
The cheese in the Milstein was VERY salty.  One of my pieces of chicken cutlet had tendon in it (the cutlet had a thick coating of bread and tasted mass produced). I couldn't get the smell of salt off of my hands from the cheese for the remainder of the day.  The broccoli rabe was good, but not abundant.  The sandwiches were barely warm.  The rolls were good but didn't mesh well with the contents of the sandwiches.  The sandwiches came with chips.  In my opinion, the prices of the sandwiches are outrageous (though they wouldn't have bothered me at all had the product been good).

The drink selection was good.  There are other markets in the Rittenhouse area that have similar alcoholic drink inventories, but with more flavor variety.  I'm not a big beer drinker, but I love the summer shandy they had on display at the storefront register.  I wanted to have a can of that.  I asked the cashier/ waiter where I could find it cold in the case and he stated "we only have these ones warm"....OK, good to know Mr. Personality.  If you're trying to move warm beer...Shouldn't a frosty mug be offered, or something?  

The service was way off.  I felt like we were intruding the second we placed our order with "summer shandy guy".  I really think it might have killed him to crack a smile.  There was a man walking around the dining area the whole time.  He didn't crack a smile either.  He stood there with his arms crossed hovering over us at points.  I guess he didn't realize the 5+ other tv's at his place of employment.  I'm assuming he's either the manager or the owner.  Another thing this owner or manager did that I find to be incredibly rude....when two patrons left he grabbed their glasses and pounded them together super loudly.  He was obviously sending a LOUD message to his staff.  But just a note to you sir, when you do things like that in front of customers it reflects most poorly on you and your business as a whole.
The girl with the red bob working the deli and tap in the back had a warm personality, seemed knowledgeable, and remained unaffected by her bosses behavior.  
There's a good deal of space and it's a nice set up, but not well lit.  The whole experience including: food, liquor, and ambiance came off as really contrived.  They could really do so much with this place.  The experience didn't ruin my day, but it was NOT positive.
Terrible customer service. No one at the front to greet or take my order....so I walked in, waited, and left!
this place was cool but dayyummm putting together your own six pack is expensive son! $24 later for six beers! Blasphemy!

Anyway the food was half price for happy hour so we got red pepper dip, meatball sliders and fries. I had a sour that was on draft which was glorious too...do you see my sour streak whilst in PA?!

Cool NYC village vibe and it was low key and dark inside. Wish more of these places were local where I live.. but i def do NOT miss having to buy overpriced beer in small cases at specialty shops. I miss food store and gas station NY beers lol
The Foodery Rittenhouse is a hard cider lover's dream come true!

I first noticed The Foodery back in 2013, upon my first trip to Philly; I was staying across the street at Sofitel. I said, "I want to go there!" I didn't. I returned to Philly three times after that...and still didn't go. Upon my last visit, I said, "I'm getting lunch there, DAMMIT." And dammit, I did! 
First off, you enter and are flanked by shelfs full of beers, ciders, and soft drinks. I had to stop myself bring buying loose bottles of virtually every type of hard cider in the joint! I can't drink beer, so I love trying any kind of cider I can find. They boast many pupular brands, such as Angry Orchard and Strongbow, they have gems such as Austin Eastcider, Downeast, 1911, and a whole lot I had never even heard of...even better! 

The Beau and I sat down for lunch, ciders from the tap - The Black Philip frm Blake's Hard Cider Company, to be specific - and indulged in some pretty epic sandwiches. He got their meatball sub, tender and laden with plenty of parm, and I opted for the Porchetta, loaded with roast pork, broccoli rabe, provoline, and long hots, and it was a killer! I say that in the most complementary way! It was so juicy, so flavorful, such a kick in the pants! 

I'm sitting here in NYC as I write this, wishing The Foodery was so much closer to me than it is. *sigh* But, as long as I go to Philly, I'll always know to stop in here for an excellent sandwich 'n' cider fix!
Wow, talk about a great sandwich! I got the Porchetta, which is pork, broccoli rabe, provolone, and long hots - a Philadelphia classic. I've had many versions of this sandwich, but this was definitely one of the best. Not soggy at all, and ridiculously flavorful. Honestly, I'd take this over DiNic's, where the long wait just does not justify the soggy sandwich.. 

This is not really a place you go just for the food, but their food is pretty great. I'll definitely be back.

Oh, also the people were very friendly, and it's a cool atmosphere.
When the Foodery and the Corner get together and have a love child you have to make like Seinfeld "You gotta see the Bay-Bee!". Well I saw that baby today and it was glorious! This place is a a great concept and definitely has a lot going for it as far as ambiance, location and some solid food and beer selections. My co-worker and I split the Porchetta and The Milstein sandwich. Both were solid choices and built upon some solid rolls that can stand on their own. Keep up the good work guys and I'll be back around soon for some brews!
Ordered delivery through TryCaviar.com. Food was "meh" and overpriced. Godfather sandwich was supposed to come with coppa, prosciutto, pepperoni, and sharp provolone. There was a quarter of a slice of each, if that. The whole sandwich was worth about $4, not $11. Salad had a decent amount of chicken, but was skimpy on the other ingredients and they forgot the dressing. Every person in my office was unhappy with their order.

There are better sandwich/salad places in the city. Skip the Foodery.
Go here if you want them to steal your credit card info and use it to buy themselves lunch and dinner the next day.
I would of given it four starts if it wasn't for the fact that the Caprise sandwich was a joke. My date ordered it and when we got to the park, and he opened I actually laughed at what he had gotten vs what he had paid for. It was a Caprise, but it was a sad, sad affair. All for ten bucks. My sandwich was better, but still not worth the cost. You are much better off getting a hoagie from Wawa and taking advantage of the mix-you-own-six-pack (which still seems to be a bit over priced. I just moved here from SF, so I am all to aware of being robbed for the price of a beer).
I went to the Foodery recently with a friend. When we walked in the gentleman behind the register didn't pay any attention to us. I just thought maybe he didn't see us however after looking at the menu for some time he still did not help us at all. My friend said hello to him but he just nodded his head and kept doing what he was doing. I did not feel welcomed here at all. I use to go here all the time a year or two ago and loved their soups and sandwiches but after that interaction I realized this place is not for me or my friends anymore. It's sad because he was intentionally being rude to us.
Can we talk about The Corner Foodery for a minute? Not EXACTLY on the corner, but I'll forgive them for that due to the decadent sandwiches, the pretty solid selection of beer, and the water fountains. I'm getting ahead of myself, though.

Picture a beautiful Sunday afternoon, post-workout, and all you want is some sort of sandwich item and to hydrate like a maniac. Look NO FURTHER than TCF for pretty much all of your needs, and some you didn't even know you had. Weekend deal of the century: Kegs and Eggs. Something like, 5-6 bucks for a sandwich (featuring eggs), some homefries, and a 9 oz pour of beer (when I went it was Yards Brawler, though I've heard it can vary). I grabbed a sausage egg and cheese, sipped on my beer, and basked in the warm wooden booth and the glow of soccer flags all over the place. But then, the best thing happened. I found the water fountains. That's right, the fountainS. THREE options. Kinda cool, almost room temperature water, extra cold water, and SELTZER WATER. As a chronic hydrator.... I was in paradise. Chilly, bubbly, tepid.... OPTIONS!

When the sandwich and hashbrowns made their way to the table, I could hardly contain myself as I began to devour my sammy. The house fennel sausage was just off the chains. The eggs were fluffy and hot hot hot, and the cheese was melted to perfection. Honestly, I didn't even really need the bread, though it was tasty, and kinda just focused my dining on the other aspects of my meal. The hasbhrowns weren't anything to write home about, but there was ketchup and sriracha and THAT SELTZER WATER (not on the sandwich. just can't stop thinking about it.)

I'm mad at myself for not eating here before, only coming for a beer now and then. Can't wait to expose more folks to the glory of Kegs and Eggs, or sammies in general, from this fine establishment.
To the man with the dark slicked back hair and mustache... please be nice to your employees.  As a person who has been the subject of a mean, unreasonable manager I felt bad for your workers. I heard you say "come on Blank! get it together!" while you were ringing up my beers. I did not appreciate your rude tone and neither did she.
Staff here are dense. Use simple words when speaking to them. Food makes up for it though.
Shockingly bad meatball sandwich. Very spicy meatball (like ample crushed red pepper spicy), that had zero texture, covered by a bland house-made marinara. 

The side salad, for $5, was disappointing. Don't give me browning, albeit slightly, and limp lettuce, god damn it. The finely sliced radish was a welcome treat, though. 

Not sure why I'm giving it two stars rather than one. Maybe it was the mediocre yet friendly enough service? Or the atmosphere? I'm sincerely at a loss. The food (insofar as the meatball sandwich and salad are concerned) is 1 star, no doubt, but the ambience seems ok.
This place had an awesome selection of beer in my opinion, especially sours which is why I went in. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I went in 15 minutes to closing and the guy standing outside who said he was the new owner basically tried to turn me away, stopped me at the door and made sure I knew they were closing soon and that I couldn't drink my beer inside which I had no intention of doing but never had a chance to say so before I was stopped. I ended up spending almost $200 on beer, so you're welcome, but I won't be back. I like places that encourage business. If you close at 10, you close at 10 and not at 945. I'll stick to getting my beer at Food & Friends.
The sandwich I had (the swan) was really good, and the chips and pickle it comes with really make a satisfying lunch. 

The beer selection is pretty decent, but I'd only buy something here if I couldn't find it anywhere else because it is EXPENSIVE. And I used to live in SoCal, so I know expensive. It's several dollars more than bottles from Whole Foods. Like, I think the Corner Foodery sells Rochefort 10 for something like $14. For about 12 ounces of beer. Whole Foods sells it for $8 or $10. I forget which, but something much cheaper than $14. It's an expensive beer, and I'm sure this location is pricey to rent, but wow. 

Also, it's kind of an awkward set up with a counter in front and bar in the back. I walked in on a Friday night when they are supposed to be doing beer tastings and I was practically the only person there, and no one offered me a tasting (advertised on the chalk board outside) or even really spoke to me at all.
Yup, this place is still WAY overpriced. So much so that it really turns me off from returning. 

Both last month and last fall, I picked up the special edition Ommegang Game of Thrones beers here. My husband is both a beer and a GoT fan. We missed out on the first release, which sold out in a day or so, so I was eager to show up here and grab a bottle as soon as it was announced on twitter. 

They charge DOUBLE the suggested retail price. For the second release, Take the Black, I think the expected price was $8 and it was close to $17 with tax. For the last release, Fire and Blood, I was also charged $17 and some change. Come to find out, these beers aren't that rare anymore, and places like Whole Foods and Wegmans in Montgomery County were selling the same bottles for $9.99. 

No thanks. When Whole Foods is reasonable in comparison you should perhaps evaluate your pricing. I have no idea why people keep shopping here. Despite the good selection, if you do a little research, you can find pretty much all of these beers much cheaper elsewhere.
Very clean place friendly staff, overpriced food. Very confusing atmosphere and layout!  There were 2 or 3 guys sitting at the counter drinking beer and typing emails (guessing the my were the owners). I mean what if I wanted to sit at the counter and have a beer? Some of them were standing in the way of the ordering area too! The sandwich was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The mozzarella was very fresh and the roll was good, but very small! For the price you can get a 2 ft hoagie elsewhere! I don't see myself coming back here for food, but I think I would come back to grab one of over 1,900 beers!
So many beer choices. So little time. 
Stopped in to grab a six pack, and was shocked by how many choices there are!!! ok, they are pretty pricey (A dogfish head t'weason ale was 4.50) but for the variety, its a great find. The roomies and I just explored for a few minutes, but the menu looked amazing (will definitely be back to try that), and THEY HAD A WHOLE FRIDGE OF CIDERS AND GLUTEN FREE(hence the 5 stars despite the exorbitant prices)! here in philly it is tremendously hard to find variety in gluten-free/beer alternatives and this place has got 'em! They have many different flavors of cider, and so many types I haven't tried yet, i can't wait to taste them all. 

The ambience and interior here is awesome as well. very fun industrial chic/ hipster restoration kinda look (lots of exposed wood etc) plus they actually had interesting to look at quality art work on display instead of the crappy stuff you normally see on average the restaurant/coffee shop wall gallery. The soundtrack to cry baby was playing when we were there, and when I mentioned I love the movie the clerk got excited I knew it and yes, over all, love it and want to make this a regular adventure place!
I was so sad when the boutique that used to be in this location closed, and the space languished, sad and empty. When signs showed a new tenant, I was thrilled and intrigued to find out what the space would become - and from what little I've seen now that The Corner Foodery has opened, I'm happy to have their addition to my neighborhood.

The space itself is GORGEOUS - I'm a sucker for dark, all wood interiors. The long wall of beverage fridges glows with the gems of craft beer bottles (and cans), with a fantastic selection of hard ciders and even a nice variety of Gluten Free beer! Far more than at other places I've been to. The prices per individual bottle seem about the same as other businesses in the area, but The Corner Foodery will clearly distinguish themselves because of all of the beer tastings (and most seem FREE!) that seem to be a near weekly occurrence. I will definitely be checking out those events asap.

I didn't get any food on this visit (I had just been to Federal Donuts). The menu is mostly sandwiches, both hot and cold, and the prices seem reasonable (of course tasting will prove whether or not that is true). I'll have to drag my fiance in so that he can try their various sandwiches out. Meanwhile, I can now easily get my Doc's Draft fix - in apple, pear, AND apple-raspberry!
Wasn't terrible, but the sandwich (the Milstein) was below average. Chicken was coldish and the breading kinda fell off.  The chicken also had a strange texture like when you wish you had cooked it longer.  Sorry guys, sounded good but left a ton to be desired. In all honesty when someone opens a food store, creates a dish and tastes it why do they sell it if it isn't one of the best they have ever had? Just try again until you find what you do well, your customers will appreciate it. Small rant over. I would like my $12 (expensive) back. Can't recommend you go.
Very cool little place! I love the decor and the vibe. They have so many bottled beers ready to be viewed in 6 pack style store that you can buy individually or as a mixed pack. They have a few beers on tap but I would think if you are a drinker the bottles would be more enjoyable. Most are priced fairly reasonable but some were more expensive then others. They also had a nice bottled selection of flavored waters and soda for non drinkers. 

I've never seen a bar water bar, but they have one and it's free. Cold, room temp, or sparking on tap. I like the appearance and that you can grab a glass for yourself.

The menu looked great but I didn't order food this visit. Lots of fun finger foods with a firmer twist. I'll head back and try them next time!

They had a few large omg tables if you head out with a larger group!
I have yet to try the Corner Foodery's food, which looks and smells delicious, but I feel compelled to talk about them anyway. Their bottle selection is enough to give them five stars in my heart. You can make your own six-pack or open a bottle/have a draft beer there. I've done the latter on two occasions recently.

My inaugural visit was with a group of fellow Yelpers following the December YEE. We took up some tables and it was all great fun. More recently, I visited with a friend and sat at the bar area.

I was on the lookout for a specific beer at the time -- the Stone Enjoy By 2.14.15. For some reason, I was having terrible luck finding it in stores. I asked the guy working if they happened to have it. At first he said he didn't think so, but then he walked away and came right back holding what he said was the last one. I thought that was some awesome service and I was super-super excited for the bomber of fantastic beer.

So, yes, this place is great and I plan to continue stopping in when possible.
I've come here now for both beer to take out as well as their food to eat in, and I must say that this is a great new addition to the neighborhood!

They have an awesome selection of beer that comes at a price (but well worth it). We picked up a delicious IPA one night to take to dinner and were very happy with our purchase. It was one of those fancy beers that comes in a wine bottle and was just under $20 (yikes!), but it was perfect for our special occasion.

Another time, my boyfriend and I came for brunch on a weekend. I was pleasantly surprised that they have a great breakfast special -- $5 for a breakfast entree and a 9 oz beer. I got the breakfast burrito which was delicious. My boyfriend wasn't in the mood for breakfast food, so he got a meaty sandwich that he was really happy with. Their sandwich prices are a little steep (around $10), but if you come Mon-Thurs during lunch, they'll give you a free beer with it.
This review is for the beer only. I did not have the food, though it looked good. 

Being from NJ and in Philly for the weekend, I was psyched that this place was right around the corner from where I was staying. I was looking forward to loading up on some beers that you can't get in NJ. The selection was indeed very good, and they had a lot of cool stuff. Problem was that maybe only 10% (or less) of what they had actually had prices on it (and it was just the stuff in the coolers that was marked). So when I brought 8 bottles of beer up to the register, I was floored to find it was going to run me $120. I had to ask the cashier which was the most expensive (I put that one back), and the second most expensive (that went back too), until I got down to "only" $50 for a mixed six pack. The process was not only somewhat humiliating but also annoying, as she seemed to be the only one working at the time and had to manage the phone lines too.

Moral of the story - if you go in knowing you will be (blindly) paying north of upscale bar prices at what appears to be a trendy deli, you'll do fine.

My last bit of advice for The Corner Foodery would be to add some kind of 3D signage outside that hangs off the building - its easy to miss if you aren't specifically looking for the place.
Corner Foodery, the beloved downfall for my wallet and I love every penny of it. 

Every time I walk in, I feel my world go silent and the background noise becomes a blur. Theres something very comfortable about this space. I have never stepped in here and not have a staff member ask me within 3 minutes upon my arrival if I need any help. Everyone here is approachable and chill, full of suggestions that has never led me the wrong way. They take their time to look sth up for you, give you honest suggestions and work within your budget. I love it. The decor is cool and trendy. Although I have not tried the food yet, it looked delicious. But this place is about Beer, and theres plenty of that, being done right. Its true everything here costs a dollar more than other places but hey, its the location. You are few blocks away from the park and a ten minute walk from everywhere, so I am totally ok with it. I think they also do a 20% discount on a 6-pack of the same thing...

Kudos to Corner Foodery. You guys rock.
Don't let the name scare you off.  I read it at first and thought it was a Simpsons parody name.  But with tasty hoagies, a huge beverage selection, and plenty of space for a large group or intimate booth, I'm sold.  

The hostess explained this was "counter service"--which, I take it, means it's priced like a store with a deli.  So with hundreds and hundreds of beers to choose from at store prices, this is a great place to stop and pick-up a beverage (or two) for the evening.

The portions were fairly large and we deliberately over-ordered so we could try a number of different sandwiches.  They have a wide variety of cold Italian meats hoagies, which we tried and enjoyed but the highlight was the Porchetta hoagie--with a nice little kick to it courtesy of "long hots" (peppers).

Great way to enjoy a summer day.  I'm a fan.
This place is such a hidden gem.  Amazing beer selection AND the best food.  I'm italian and I'm used to good cutlet sandwiches growing up, but this place NAILS in. In love. I really love you, Corner Foodery.
Had the porchetta sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe. Wow! It was great! I'm not generally into sandwiches but the choices here are excellent, and the quality and taste just great. Loved the free seltzer water too. The young man who waited on me was kind, patient, friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back...and I plan to do just that.
I really wanted to like this place and I have tried it several times. The first problem is that they don't have any prices listed for beers.  When I purchased a Rogue Dead Guy ale 22oz I was shocked when I went to the checkout and it was $14.  In my shock I paid the price and stewed about it for a while.  I thought something had to have been wrong and the girl had accidentally charged me incorrectly.  So I went back.  What a mistake.  Everything here is overpriced and I'm not going back.  I have given it several tries, but I always leave feeling like I have been taken advantage of.
Cornery Foodery is such a welcome addition to the area. In the few short weeks it's been open, it's become my go-to place to buy beer. Previously I'd go to The Foodery on 10th St, Food & Friends, or Omega in a pinch, but Corner Foodery's location is so much more convenient. Corner Foodery surpasses all of those places in its excellent customer service; there's always a knowledgable person there on hand to answer questions and help you select a beer. The selection is excellent, though I think for certain rarities one may still have to go to the 10th St Foodery; by and large, though, Corner Foodery has just about everything I could want or need. The atmosphere is very pleasant, with a spacious and attractive layout and wonderful artwork. 

I also love that they have a bar with draft beer and some tasty sandwiches and snacks, which makes it a great place to stop for a drink after work or on a weekend while out running errands. The seating area is comfortable, and I love the self-serve water dispenser with chilled, sparkling, and still water on tap. Service is at the counter, but despite the lack of table service, the staff is quite attentive about clearing tables and is overall friendly and helpful. We ordered some warm mozzarella and olives, which were quite enjoyable, and we look forward to returning to try their sandwiches, which look delicious. In addition to being able to order from a thoughtful selection of draft beer, you can also buy bottles from the shop and drink them there. 

Corner Foodery should certainly be on the radar of any beer lover in Center City, both as a place to buy beer as well as a place to eat & drink.
A nice little spot for a post-work chomp n' chat sesh -- just a quick note: the long hots on the short rib steak w/ horseradish aioli? HOT. And long too. But, backed by a chocolate vanilla porter on draught, it's all good. Also, quite a few TVs to catch whatever Philly sports team is desperately trying to get a win. Aw, Philly sports teams.
This store has an amazing selection of canned and bottled beers. However, don't be fooled by the Yelp caption. There are no wines or spirits sold here, just beer and cider.

The staff are helpful and good with recommendations. This is a great place to grab familiar favorites or local oddities.
Not to be confused with the Foodery in NoLibs, since as far as I know its the only one that's actually on a street corner. The Corner Foodery is a smart collaboration between the Foodery crew that have brought epic beers and tasty sandwiches to the city for several years now, and The Corner which is a solid food and cocktail option in its own right 9even if it does have me missing Apothecary on most occasions). It also finally gives The Foodery crew the proper spot to dish out their ambitious sandwiches without having its deli getting lost in the foot traffic that comes in for beers.

The Foodery has been a great spot to pick up sandwiches for as long as its been an impressive location to pick up a widespread selection of beers. But its original location on 10th & Pine seldom gave it a chance to deliver those sandwiches properly thanks to the store layout; and while NoLibs location greatly improved upon that pratfall, it also became an afterthought due to the majority of people who predominately came in for the beers. But The Corner Foodery greatly improves upon the concept of old by giving them a good sized space to sell beers in a cooler, as well as an ideal brick exposed restaurant space that's perfect for selling their sandwiches and offering draught beers. And while their still may be a couple of kinks to work out in it, it does manage to deliver both with a gusto.

with meats like Mortadella, Lonza, and Prosciutto to choose from; and specialty sandwiches like a homemade fennel sausage and a grinder with chicken cutlet, sharp provolone, broccoli rabe; it became a challenge to order. But the Nona delivered the perfect number of cured meats and toppings. Another bonus was that their lunch special featured a free 90z PBC(Yards if they're out) brew for free with sandwich purchase before 3pm.

Add in the cool feature of being able to pour your water from a self serve beer tap system, the cool art and big screen TVs that are usually tuned in to a sports game, and then some; and you have another solid dining option among the many that already line up on Sansom Street.
Great concept but needed better execution.  Short Rib Cheesesteak.  Roll was a little too crusty.  Short rib was good but a little dry and bland.  Cheese looked good melted on top but you only got it with a half to a third of your bites.  There was a sauce that was amazing but I only tasted it occasionally.  Really just enough to remind me how good this cheesesteak could be.
I came here during my lunch break expecting it to be similar to the Foodery in Manayunk, which has amazing sandwiches. However, I ordered the Ceprese sandwich (which you can only get on a bun) for over $9. When I got back to my office, there were 3 huge slices of tomatoes and a tiny bit of Mozzarella cheese. This was extremely disappointing. They could have at least added basil. Definitely will not be going back.
The service in this place is terrible. I walked in to order a sandwich to-go and there was no one in the front desk taking orders or seating anyone. After standing there for 5 minutes (with drinking patrons staring at us) we ventured toward the back bar to order sandwiches. A young man operating the register clearly hates working there - he doesn't say anything welcoming, barely even asks me what we want, and when I ask for changes to the order, he looks over me at the next customer behind me. Disgusting! Won't be coming back here anytime soon and you shouldn't either.
PROS: Diverse beer selection, okay drink prices, laid-back
Cons: Substandard food menu, awkward atmosphere

Despite the vast beer selection and the casual grab-what-you-want attitude, Corner Foodery can improve a lot on setting up a better environment for people to hang out. The lights were too bright for relaxation. The food menu can also improve a lot with the addition of more warm finger foods and snacks. This spot has potential.
This is based on a trip for lunch only: I liked the variety of sandwich choices the menu offered. I had a half portion of the Balboa which was decent. The pickled veggies weren't anything special. Be warned, the half portion of the meatball grinder only includes two meatballs. Everything was expensive for what it was in my opinion. However, with the hundreds of different beers this place offers, I think this spot would be great for happy hour, sporting events, and to hang out with friends for drinks.
We had a great time here! I really enjoyed the extensive selection of beer and cider. I'm a cider fiend, and there were several ciders I'd never heard of!

We had a fondue appetizer and it was SO worth it. It was some amazing Brie and bleu cheese combo, in a bread bowl, with fig jam. The toast it came with was too hard unfortunately. 

My fiancé got a soup and sandwich combo that he enjoyed a lot- and it was a good deal! My chopped salad with grilled chicken was good, but the chicken was over cooked and dry. 

In short, the food is 3.5/5 and the beverage selection is 5/5.
Weird PA fact... you can't buy beer in liquor stores.  Imagine the panic when I discovered this and had an hour to get beer & pizza to my agency client.  The list of liquor stores that I was clutching in my fist suddenly proved useless and I needed a new plan of attack ASAP.  Thankfully, Foodery was across the street from The Palomar.   If I was a beer snob, this place would be like Christmas.  It's an unbelievable selection and you can mix and match, as you wish.  Be forewarned that they have a limit that they can sell you... so, if you're planning a tailgate or large party, better bring some extra manpower to carry and to allot for the additional purchases. 
Service was friendly and accommodating.  The food at the bar in the back looked very tasty and I would be tempted to return to sample that little cozy spot.
Big fan of the foodery (esp the northlibs location) but with this name, the Sansom location needs to step up their game. No complaints with the drink selection but the actual food was below
par (at least what I tried). With that said, environment is still a pretty chill spot.
This place is awesome for a boozy lunch or happy hour. They sell beer to-go and have beers on draft, so their beer selection is massive and awesome. Their sandwiches are also really good. While the sandwiches only come with chips, they do offer delicious wedge fries. Just have to get them separately. Sometimes, the available seating is tight, so get there early. I love this place especially because you can pound a few and then leave with a few. Solid setup.
The Corner Foodery (1710 Sansom) is a great place to go with friends. The staff is cheerful and they seem happy. The bottled beer selection is epic, and they bring some tasty beer on tap.

The interior makes The Corner Foodery shine through, with what seems like solid wood tables, giving it that nice sleek natural look, it's a nice contrast against an ever mechanical, smoggy, techy city. A nice relief.

I've had the meatball, sausage and pepper, mortadella, tuna fish and egg, and prosciutto hoagies. All the sandwiches were very tasty, and exclusively unique except for the sausage and peppers, it was simply a well made sausage and pepper sandwich. The Tuna was amazing, but unfortunately it was too dry. I would avoid these two unless they have been updated. When they first opened they seemed to be putting Manchego cheese on one of their sams and it was amazing, I'm not sure which sandwich it was anymore, but anything with Manchego is a steal. The best I had was the prosciutto. The taste of the bread was great too, as it's essential to any great sandwich.

When I took my friends and family here they loved the sides/starters the most. I have to admit they are almost better than some of the sandwiches, so don't forget to try these. I recommend the Roasted Peppers with Pine Puts. Good stuff!
I went here last night with 2 friends for food and beer, and I was quite impressed.  There are maybe a dozen refrigerators with a very nice selection of bottles of all styles.  You can buy individually and drink them there (which we did) or get them to go.  The bottle prices were very competitive.  There were only a handful of draft offerings which weren't that impressive and weren't a very good deal based on the amount of beer you got for the cost.  So I would definitely say bottles are the way to go here.

Their food is also very good, seeming to mainly be high quality Italian sandwich, charcuterie, etc. offerings.  I got the Godfather sandwich which was quite good.

Lastly, the proprietor was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  I would definitely come back.
I really enjoyed The Foodery but my one complaint was lack of a really inspired bottle selection. The Foodery seems to have the standard craft beer offerings, and a lot of them at that, but finding something unique and obscure proves to be a bit more challenging. That being said, I did end up finding a can of Mass Rising IPA and bottle of Flower Power IPA, so that was a score.

Here is my main complaint, the service here is really lacking. I tried to ask the bartender for help on finding some local IPAs and he just shrugged me off. I don't know if its lack of training on the bartenders part or if he just didn't care, but a little bit of help would have gone a long way.

Food wise, the wife and I shared a Roasted Turkey sandwich. At $11, I actually thought the sandwich was reasonably priced.

Overall, I give my experience here  a C+/B-. The lack of service was a big drawback, sadly.
Great spot for a weekend brunch! They offer an incredible $6 deal that includes a breakfast sandwich (of various types) or a breakfast burritos, served with some fried potatoes AND a free pour of whatever special they have that day is. Never overly packed, at least for brunch. Would recommend
For a quick beer this is the place to go, especially mid day, well, particularly mid day. If you want some grub, which the Sardine Grinder was great for, grubbin. Had the Sunshine Pils on draft, sat in a booth 5 minutes later the place was swamped by people. This is maybe 2:30 at this point, on a Saturday. Business suit sausage party rolled in. Now if my little fam and I strolled into that??? We out... so keep that in mind. Unless you were also hankering to test your patience in line standing... you little linestander you. The register [person] did a great job though. Not her first rodeo clearly. Business suit sausage rodeo as it were.
I had the hot fennel sausage sandwich, and it was pretty basic. Nothing to write home about. It was just some pieces of meat on regular bread with some peppers for flavor. However, I gave the Foodery some extra points for the venue and premise of the restaurant itself. The opportunity to buy some six packs or individual bottles with your sandwich, and then eat at the restaurant is unique. Additionally, their unique app is a great way to pre-order your food and check what beers they have available.  Inside is very nice, the wooden booths are welcoming and it has a warm and casual feel to it. I'd like to come back and give the Foodery another chance and try the kegs and eggs deal for brunch. $6 for a breakfast sandwich, home fries, and a beer? Seems like it can't be beat!
With delicious made to order sandwiches made from gourmet Italian deli meats and cheeses, and a variety of hot sandwiches (think roast pork, meatball, sausages, etc), Corner Foodery makes a great spot for lunch near Rittenhouse.  I had the caprese, with fresh mozzarella, delicious ripe tomatoes and fresh basil, seasoned with balsamic vinegar- delicious and refreshing on a hot summer day!   

If it had not been a workday, I would have loved to indulge in one of the hundreds of choices of single bottle Belgian and craft beers (an entire wall of the store) or a draft beer to wash down my sandwich. I'll be looking for an excuse to come back here for dinner or a drink after work!

Love the concept, will be back!
Yes, this is a yuppy, hipster sandwich place that at first made me want to roll my eyes, but they have damn good, huge tasty sandwiches.  My husband loved the sardine sandwich.  Hard to find one these days.  Lots of meat choices, and veggie choices too.  Plus they have free bubbly water on tap, serve yourself.  (Why can't all restaurants have this?  Love it!)  Their sides were way over priced and did not look entirely appetizing.  Otherwise, I would have given this place 4-star.
Yes please! What a great addition to the Rittenhouse Square Area. I had an absolutely wonderful time stopping by the new Foodery after happy hour to check it out. Not only did they have some of my all time favorite beers that are hard to come by (ex. Prism Red Zone!) they also were stocked with an interesting and diverse selection of bottled beers that the employees were more than willing to walk you through them. 
We got our beer selections and sat down at the large picnic table. Right now they only do sandwiches and some sides..but I wanted just charcuterie so the server happily sliced me a little of everything free of charge so I could try it out. We also got a side of potato chips and the marinated artichokes which were super yum.

Great experience! Nice place to stop with friends and try out some funky beers!
Wow! I can spend a lot of time in here debating what to put into my six pack. This is an outstanding beer selection, and a great addition to the Rittenhouse area. I'm very close by, so it's very easy to walk here and grab some new beers to try out. The prices are a little high, but it's still worth it to me.

They also have some really good sandwiches to choose from (the meatball one I had was very good and filling).

There seems to be at least one or two beer tastings every week, so make sure to check their website or twitter for that information.
I recently was in the area for to see a comic at the comedy club and wanted to grab a quick dinner before the show. After wondering the streets, we ended up here. The store front was welcoming, and there was ample seating & beer. 

When we walked in, we headed past the endless fridges stocked with beer and made our way to the counter. Here the menu is displayed on chalk boards. After you grab a beer & place your order you can find a seat. The place was clean and the service was friendly. 

I ordered the Cesar Kale Salad. The portion size wasn't huge, but it filled me up and all of the ingredients were fresh. My friends ordered different sandwiches and soup, everything looked delicious and everyone was pleased with their meals. 

The Foodery is somewhere I'm looking forward to going back to & I highly recommend it for a quick bite or a relaxing beer.
I came here on a cold day after a run.  I ordered way too much food, and loved every bite.  My running partner got fennel sausage and peppers, I had a meat ball sub, the popcorn and a tomato and roasted red pepper soup... And 2 beers on tap.  It was all more than I expected- fresh bread, delicious meat, the sandwiches were a triumph.  The soup and soothing and creamy, and the beers were down right refreshing.  

What a lovely surprise.  I was expecting Jimmy Johns.  So much more.
Beer, beer, beer! I came here last weekend to pick up a few beers for Sunday evening game night/ Game of Thrones (oh yes nerd heaven) and was blown away by the selection! 

Now, I haven't eaten here YET so keep that in mind! But, based on the beer options and the extremely friendly staff I had to write a review! I think the selection is outstanding. I've walked by this place so many times and had no idea that there was glorious brew cave hiding behind those doors!

The best part, you could buy a bottle, two, or as many as you want of various selection! I picked two completely random seasonal brews to take back home. 

That is another cool thing they have going on, the beer is sorted by location (and seasonal). I'm pretty sure I spent a good 30 minutes ogling the selection.... That's why I thought the staff was so nice. While the rest of the party was checking out and I was shouting "just one second!" The person working the register insisted I take my time... Being the annoyingly indecisive person I am, this was a dream come true! I will be back! Hopefully soon!
Kind of wish I could put this place in my pocket and take it to DC. Love how they took the single bottle carry out to the next level with individual buy and drink, taps, and food on site. Gone are the days where you order a beer and they are out of it- everything is on display for you to pick out on your own.
The Corner Foodery is the perfect fusion of high end sandwich shop and craft beer market.  It's an odd but brilliant operation that works beer + great sandwiches = ingenious.  They have an absurd selection of several hundred different beers.  Some beers are not priced as well as others but there is a good chance they'll have what you're looking for.  

Simply put get the Milstein, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, long hots, stewed peppers and the best breaded chicken cutlets I've had.  I thought the meatballs were lacking in depth of flavor when I got the meatball sub.  

Have a beer, have a sandwich have a break we all work too hard not to enjoy both.
A nice American Fare menu with delicious and meaty subs, cheesesteaks, breaded chicken sandwiches, etc is overshadowed by a massive entire wall of this establishment which is actually 17 full refrigerators of the best bottled beers from around the world.  Sunday is happy hour, as are your standard 5:30-7:30 weeknights.  You can get half off drafts, or you might choose to pick one of their 10,000 beers and crack it there.! i recommend the godfather sandwich or the house fennel sausage (10) paired with the german imported aucht shenkerla rauchbier (8.50) for a delicious & filling snack. 6-8 rotating crafts on keg plus Seventeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Refrigerators full of beer as their entire wall.  That's cool.  Bartenders are awesome too.
I am only going to give 3 stars. The price and beer is good enough, but considering the situation, environment and service, only 3. But they do have a lot of different kinds of beer, I never saw so many in one place.
Working in the neighborhood for a few weeks, so have had a chance to try it out a couple of times.  Overall, a very cool spot.   Outstanding beer selection with pretty much everything available by the individual can/bottle.   Always wanted to try that craft beer from Rochester but didn't want to commit to full six pack?   No problem.  Have had two sandwiches (Porchetta and Roast Turkey) and both were top notch.   My only quibble would be the prices.  Beer is definitely 10%-20% more than what I'm used to paying, and the sandwiches are on the steep side.   Still, as a higher-end sandwich shop with great beers and a cool vibe, it's hard to be overly harsh.
"Dude"!  "Bro!"   

Yeah, hipster heaven.  Every sort of beer in a bottle, artisan sandwiches and VH1 on the big screens.

I went there for an early lunch on a Saturday before a tour of Center City.  11:00 a.m. is too early for me to indulge in alcohol, but many other patrons were sipping craft beers and had their heads hung over their phones.  

I ordered a meatball grinder.  The bread was fresh, but the meatballs were no different than you would get at a Subway.  But I think more people go there for the beer.  

If you want a bit of an insight into Philly Hipster Culture and not feel odd about drinking before noon, this is your place.
A great beer selection (of course!).  The sandwich I had for lunch a number of weeks ago was Excellent, certainly worth the extra $2 over what a hoagie would cost at the local Boars Head type joint.  

I went recently for drinks after work with former co-workers, and the staff was good behind the bar, but don't expect table service.  The menus were just kind of spread out over the table, no water offered.  The situation is more 'grab a beer from the cooler (or draught), order a sandwich and find a seat!  However, we were at a table for 10, so it'd be a nice touch to get a little attention.

I digress.  The kitchen accommodated a special order, for meat and cheese plates (not on the menu) and a number of good sides (peppers, mushrooms) for our table.  Tony Rim, the owner and I talked and he said they're thinking of expanding into this type (not dinners, snacks) in the spring  I hope he does, the meats and cheeses were top notch and a great side for drinking an amazing beer with friends.  We certainly stayed longer and bought more beer because of it.
The food here is so good.  As some have said its a little pricey but serving sizes are huge.  I ate the whole thing but easily could have shared the Porchetta.  Everything about it was amazing - the pork tender and flavorful, the provolone adds a richness, the broccoli rabe a freshness and the peppers add great crunch and spice.  The bread is also perfect for the sandwich.  

The beer selection here is great.  I visiting from out of town and had a few beers while I was here and then got a 6 pack of variety to surprise my husband with when he got to town.  There was a great mix of local and national choices.  There were a lot I had not seen before.  We came back few days later for a beer and they had some new ones on tap that were unique to try.  If I lived here I would be here all the time for great food and beer dine in or to go.
There's nothing I love more than a perfectly crafted sandwich. I think that this place definitely has potential, but I wasn't too impressed with my sandwich.  It sounded amazing on paper (as did every other menu item), but was surprised that the flavor just wasn't there. 

The Milstein: 
Chicken cutlet, sharp provolone, broc rabe, stewed peppers, and long hots.  The seeded bread was really good, but I felt that the rest of the sandwich was just...bland. Plus, they basically plop all of the veggies right on top instead of tucking it into the sandwich. First bite into that broc rabe and everything skids right off.  

I like heat-so this is not a complaint: that long hot pepper packs some serious heat. Just FYI.   The other menu items look really good, so I'll surely give this place another shot. Plus the beer selection is no joke, and you can make your own 6 pack.
I'm going to be honest when I say that I have not consumed any food at The Foodery, but I come here often for drinks with friends, and I absolutely adore this place. Every time we come, we are always greeted in a friendly manner, get a chance to scan the coolers of beers (holy selection), and then order from the draught list. The bartender/cashier person has always been helpful in selecting beers, and this is what I most appreciate - helping person make excellent choices while not being pretentious about beer (something I find at other places). I've never had I beer I didn't like from this place, and the ambiance is perfect for anything from a date to a casual hang with friends.
This place rocks! Can't wait to come back. Great beer, great food, great staff. On Saturdays and Sundays they have a "kegs and eggs" special for $6. It includes a breakfast sandwich, home fries and a 9 oz beer. SIX DOLLARS. You can not beat that. It should be double that price, so you just saved yourself $6 of your hard earned money. Good work.
I've been itching to sample a Sammie from this semi new establishment on Samson & Thanksgiving week was my Oppourtunity to do so with my mate! 

For an appetizer we split the mozzarella cheese ball that was warm, soft and comforting. Served with some sort of chip for dipping however we both ate the ball of cheesy goodness with fork & knife ;-) We both ordered our own Porchetta sandwich which was as delish as the reviews raved. Long hots, broccoli rabe & melted provolone over pork! Rolls were soft on the inside and crisp on the out. Fresh Fresh Fresh! We split a bottle of grand Crüe & then each had a beer on tap to wash it all down. I believe it was the owner that stopped by with free chocolate cheesecake  desert #bonus. 

Priced accordingly. Total bill came to $54: 1 app, 2 Sammie's, bottle of Grand Cru & two tap beers. 

We'll be back! Beer selection (to go!) is off the charts.
One of my favorite places in the city to go for a quick bite and some beer. I live on the same block as it so I come here pretty often. It's a cute casual date spot, highly recommend it if the person you're seeing enjoys beer. When you first walk in, you'll see the whole right wall lined with refrigerators of beer. Pick out what you want to drink now orrrrrr on the left they have non-refrigerated options in case you aren't consuming/going home right away. 

Once you've picked out your libations, go up to the counter and order yourself some of their amazing food. I love coming here on the weekends for their Kegs & Eggs brunch (believe it's 11-3 on weekends). You can order off their special K&E menu and then you get a 9oz beer (whatever they have on tap) for only $6. Um. Hello!!?!? That's a freakin steal. My favorite is the breakfast burrito. Currently eating one from my bed as I write this review. Yummmm leftovers. 


The place is cool inside, TVs to watch games, plenty or seating (both indoor & outdoor). The staff here is super nice. Whenever I need help looking for a beer, they always help me with what I'm looking for. 

Just beware, as there aren't a lot of places to buy good beer in the city, the prices at Corner Foodery can be high. (But then again, it's no surprise that the city jacks up the price of alcohol)

Price aside, love foodery 5/5.
The Foodery is a great place to browse a solid selection of beer, and drink it onsite. The menu is also full of delicious food options, but priced around $10-$12, depending on what you get. On my last visit, I ordered a beet salad for only $8 and it was nicely presented, freshly flavored, and had an exciting variety of beets. The sandwich portions are also enormous here, and I think they give you your money's worth. This isn't a place for a daily lunch, because you will end up broke and drunk, but I think it's a great spot to check out, nonetheless!
We have visited The Foodery countless times for beer and a few times for food. We love this neighborhood gem with hundreds of bottled beers to select from. We usually make a stop by to build a custom craft 6 pack (10% discount when you build a 6-pack, 15% discount for same kind). The Foodery is our go-to location to find rare imports and hot domestic crafts. The atmosphere is laid back and open with 4 large TVs for viewing making it a prime lunch, happy hour, or game-time spot. 

We have eaten here twice, once for sandwiches during lunch and another for a light snack while watching a hockey game. The food selections are reasonably priced for the Rittenhouse neighborhood ($10-14) and range from soups and salads to a wide variety of Italian sandwiches. They freshly carve Italian meats and serve the hearty sandwiches with chips and a pickle. They have a great selection of light snacks that are made event better during their half-price happy hour where you can get $0.50 wings and even free blue crabs in the early fall!
 
The only downside to the Foodery is that sometimes the unique and favorite beers can sell quickly, so stay vigilant and talk with the staff about when new shipments will come in. The staff is very friendly and helpful with assisting you in your evaluation all of the beers and cleaning up your trays before you have a chance to clean up for yourself.
Initiate "kid in candy store" mode.

This place is right around the corner from my office. As both a beer snob and a lover of a good caprese sandwich, this place makes my heart happy. Had a very short wait during lunchtime on a weekday, and was pretty pleased with the beer selection. 

Yeah, the beer can be a little pricey, but let's be honest about buying beer in Center City: if you want something a bit classier than an Olde E in the Rittenhouse area, you and I can both stomach a few extra bucks.
Increased star rating due to the massive good craft beer selection. Came in for the breakfast special - $6 for home fries, egg, cheese and pancetta sandwich with a peach cider. Hard to pass up that deal. The sandwich was just slightly better than mediocre and there was very loud sad hipster music playing. Aside from that, Great place to go if you are looking to try unique bottles. You can drink them there or mix and match a six pack to go.
do yourself a favor and EAT IN, do NOT order delivery.

We ordered delivery last night and the sandwiches arrived on stale bread with literally one slice of meat and one slice of cheese. We were actually embarrassed for them, since we've dined in before on several occasions and had a good experience.

diasppointing! We won't order delivery from them again.
Great beer selection. Excellent prices for the beer quality. Cool vibes. Often free beer samples. Food is good. Definitely recommend.
The beer selection is amazing, but the food has been average at best.  I don't get the hype.  The meatballs have way to much seasoning.  The flavor isn't bad, it's just so overwhelming. It's like they dump the whole bottle of each spice into each meatball.  Today I tried the burger.  I didn't finish it because it was one of the worst burgers I have ever had.  It tasted like it was cooked yesterday and just reheated a bit.  Service is quick, and the prices aren't horrendous, but it's still not worth it.
