Welcome to Philly, Halal Guys! I only sampled the eats from this super popular, NYC born-and-bred business for the first time at the October Yelper Party. I knew then that I'd be seeking them out once their Chinatown location opened, so imagine my excitement when they popped up on one of my delivery apps tonight! 

I ordered the half chicken half gyro platter which came with lettuce, tomatoes, rice and pita, plus some of the hot and white sauce packets on the side. I also ordered a side of hummus for just a couple dollars more. 

The food arrived and it was a gigantic portion and everything tasted delicious. I made the mistake of pouring the red sauce all over my food before trying it. Big mistake! That sauce is super hot and I ended up having to pull some of the sauce-covered pieces out of the bowl! Next time, I'll use this sauce sparingly and keep it to the side. My fault, for sure. The hummus was also delicious and there was an extra warm pita included as well. This will definitely become one of my go-to delivery spots.
What a fabulous rice bowl as a late night munchie! 

They don't have lamb meat here, but the beef is good.  Spicy, packaged hot sauce, surely - too fuego (I did one and a half package size). Yogurt reminded me more like ranch dressing rather than the yogurt from a typical Halal stall.  It was the same for the hot sauce too - a bit thick on paste and not the flow of fluid hot sauce one usually gets from the stall.

I enjoyed the rice and beef bowl entirely.

Baklava, to my sweet surprise was flaky and nicely maple taste to the whole desert.  It was delightful.

One can't go wrong on this rice bowls here! Comfort food to my classic liking and yum!
So since I finally moved to a city that actually has the The Halal Guys, I'm like over the damn moon excited. 

While living in Michigan I would literally drive to Chicago to pick up a platter and stay for the weekend. 

This place is better than the Chicago location and it's actually better than most of the NYC stands I have been to (which is a ton). 

You gotta go with the combo platter. Order a side of Falafel. Everything is always super fresh here, which I appreciate and love. 

The portion sizes are great. They load it in there. 

Be careful with the red sauce. It's hot and I'm talking extremely hot. I always regret how much I put on.. but it's too good not to.
I don't really understand the hype about this place. I guess it was the first "mainstream" halal place. But honestly, if you've ever been considering trying halal, please don't come here. This is nothing like the real halal food you can get and lacks so much flavor! 

I've tried a few of their locations and it just isn't the same. I really recommend you just find a nearby food cart and order something there. It will be cheaper too.
My first time trying The Halal Guys in Philly Chinatown and I was pretty impressed by the food. I got the beef gyro platter with half rice/ half salad (lettuce & tomatoes) and it was very delicious. The girl who prepared my platter was super helpful and accommodating to all my needs without judgment and always had a smile on her face, which I really appreciate. All the other staff and manager were very friendly as well. 

When it came to the sauce, I asked for extra white sauce and requested a hot sauce packet. Mind you, the hot sauce was unbearably hot and I only tasted it. Everything in the platter was really good from the fresh salad, to the rice, pita and perfectly cooked beef drenched in their famous white sauce. I'm definitely a fan! They also offer a rewards card and when you register your card, you receive a free beverage.
This place is relying on the massive fan base of the original carts. Who hasn't had a visit to NY to have a local friend introduce them to this meal at 3 AM completely drunk (let's be real, that's exactly what happened).

Problem is, the experience is completely different.

Price is much higher for what you get and it tends to be full of lettuce and tomatoes and not enough rice and protein. Chinatown offers so many other varieties of food so you gotta understand that you are constantly in competition with the other fast casual eateries.

The flavor was fine for me but I feel as if the carts around the city could offer similar flavors for a fraction of the price. Yeah, we're talking a couple bucks, but when we're talking about under $10 meals, a couple bucks can make a big difference.

It's a shame when a small business with humble origins tries to ride the hype train and drastically change their business model to put profit over the product.

I can see myself going back if I literally have no other option (which isn't very likely in Chinatown), but I can say that if the halal food carts around Philadelphia were open late night, this place wouldn't have a chance.
Despite the other high reviews given, I want to honestly say I was not too impressed with the quality and quantity of food here vs. the original Halal guys food trucks in NYC.

I guess you can call me picky but if I were to compare, this Halal guys brick and mortor currently differs in the following ways:

1) They do not serve the long grain basmati rice typically served at the original food trucks and substitute it with an unfamiliar short grain rice that makes for a more grainy texture.  I think it makes a subtle but significant difference in taste and texture.  Additionally, only two spoonfuls of rice are given that fill only half the container (with the other half completely lettuce and tomato), while at the original food truck they usually cover the majority if not all of the container with rice as a base before adding meat and vegetables.  

2) The chicken tasted similar to the way the Halal Guys food truck makes it, but it was drier and more stringy than I remember.  In addition, I felt I did not get as much meat that the food truck typically serves.

3) I wish they gave the customer the power to add their own amount of white sauce, hot sauce, etc. like how the food trucks allow it. I observed that when I asked for white sauce, it did not seem like the most generous portion that I usually like.  I know I could have asked for more but if I have to ask every time to have them add more vs. allowing me to add the amount I desire, I think it makes it easier for both the customer and server.

All in all, while the servers were all very friendly and warm, I cannot confidently say that the quality and quantity of food is currently on the same standards to the original Halal Guys food truck in NYC.
The famous food cart at 53rd and 6th Avenue in New York is now brick and mortar in Philadelphia.  Yes, The Halal Guys have come to Chinatown.  Their menu is as small as ever but that doesn't matter to me.  I'm going to order the falafel sandwich with tahini sauce anyway.  It's as good as any I've ever had anywhere in the world.  You can take it out but I want to eat my falafel right away so fortunately they do have a few tables.  Welcome to The Halal Guys in Philly!
The customer service at this joint is wonderful! I ordered a beef platter with white sauce and 3 lines hot sauce. The staff behind the counter warned me about it possibly being too spicy, but being a spicy food lover, I thought it was absolutely delicious! (Could still be too spicy for some people) The guy I was talking to behind the counter was more than accommodating to my needs and definitely wanted my order to my liking. Will be back here the next time I visit Philly!
How did they go from great to sucks?? Had the worse falafel sandwich today. Cold dry bread. Over fried falafel. Just dreadful.
It was ok. Every food cart in Philly I've been to has better halal than this. I don't really understand the hype.  Why don't they have lamb?  I'll stick to my go-to places in west philly or Temple.
You know the awesome Arab trucks on 33rd & Market St ? The ones that sell the gyros and platters with the drinks for $5 per order? The ones that have the looooong line? So yes this fast food chain terribly failed at copying those trucks. In service, in food, in everything you would expect if you liked the truck food basically. I went there three days ago with my friend and we ordered two beef gyros, one drink and one fries. We paid around  $20 and we both didn't expect to be so disappointed but we were. The  meat was old and over cooked and crunchy and even the sauce couldn't make it feel better. Fries were just fries. And the drink was just a drink.  I can't complain about them anyways. However, basically eating there we'd basically be over paying for not even fresh and good cooked gyro that you'd get at the truck. For $5 bucks. Literally. Never going back again and I wouldn't advise anybody either.
Seems like a great concept due to the food provided from the halal carts on the streets.  The food from Halal Guys is nothing like that food. Although service was swift and the portion was generous, the flavor didn't come through. The combo platter was dry, and their hot sauce was just hot with no real flavor behind it. The rice was dry enough to be compared to what day old rice is like and the meat had no moisture to it at all. 
Eh. I'll gladly stick to the carts.
Tried this place a month or two ago on the way back from the FitExpo. Overall, it was decent but not my favorite. It was only about 1pm and was not busy at all. It was impossible to hear the teenage boy that was taking my order because he was so quiet, had to ask him to repeat himself several times. Had the combo bowl and a side of babaganoush. Overall decent but nothing to write home about. I really enjoy the food trucks and carts around the city much more.
There is no better fast food that the Halal Guys. They serve amazing dishes that are full of flavor, quick, and fun to eat.
I have to be honest, I don't get the hype.

I finally tried Halal guys today, they catered to the building I work out and sell their platters out of the lobby downstairs.

The chicken platter with tax costs $9.50, comes with the chicken, 3 pieces of pita, rice, sauce of your choice, tomatoes/ lettuce. Other than the hot sauce which is FIRE by the way ( coming from someone that loves spicy) proceed with caution, their hot sauce is actually hot!! But other than the hot sauce, everything else was really bland.. it's odd. The chicken was not well seasoned, lacked any flavor really.

Based on my sole experience, I wouldn't return again. Not sure if this was a bum visit bc it was catered or not -- but it was really bland and unsatisfying
I first tried Halal Guys in SF and loved it because of how much food I get for the price. Also because there are no Halal carts in SF. After eating $6 Halal carts, I don't see much of a reason to shell out close to $10 (after tax).

Based on my 15+ visits to SF's Halal Guys, I can say that the portions here seemed smaller, I definitely got less protein than the San Francisco location.

If you're looking for a cleaner/safer Halal food location with seats and a soda fountain, then this place is for you. Otherwise, definitely eat from Halal carts all over the city as they're cheaper and in my opinion, better!
Halal guys in Phily is the adult way to eat halal, let me list the reasons:
1. It is indoors with heat (AND outside heat lamps) - you do not have to freeze on a NYC sidewalk in a skimpy dress & heels.
2. For those of you complaining about seating - AT LEAST they have seats here, not just cold sidewalk curbs. 
3. Most importantly, you do not have to endure the stench of vodka and puke as you eat!

Now, that we have vetted out some of the hater-nation comments from some folks, let's talk about the food. Feeling very nostalgic of my party days in NYC, I was excessively excited that Halal Guys came into Philly to bring me a little piece of home. Coming in to order was easy as pie, considering their very straightforward and short menu. I got a half chicken, half lamb platter and a side order of falafels. Let's just begin by saying how nice and friendly the staff was, who asked if I wanted more white sauce, and even calculated my want of hot sauce. The platter is filled right in your face (Chipotle style) and you can see that they do give a generous portion of protein in each platter - ESPECIALLY for the $7.99 that your paying. 

I had to torture myself in a car ride with the food's aroma taunting me from my passenger seat before I took my first bite. And even 30 minutes later, it was still hot and delicious. Yes, I did have a ton of rice (that's how I remember the ones in NYC too), and more importantly it also had a generous portion of meat. Halal guys is one of the very few places where I love lamb, and once again I was not disappointed. I also got a side of falafals (2 pieces) for $1, which was a steal, I should've bought more! A big packet of extra sauce is only 50 cents, and don't look at the nutritional facts, ignorance is bliss. 

I am happy Halal guys is a new addition to Philly and plan on returning many more times in the future!
Our friends from Philly took us here when we were visiting. We've had chicken and rice before from food trucks and a local chicken and rice restaurants, but not its not The halal guys. I've heard so much good reviews about it so we were dying to try it out. 

When we got there it was about 2am. The line was crazy long. I guess for some people it's good drunk food lol. But the line did go by pretty quick. We got the lamb and added additional white sauce. That sauce is crack! If it wasnt for that sauce then I think the meal would've been a bit bland. That's being said, I was a bit disappointed. I mean it was just OK. I've had better chicken and rice that were more flavorful and better quality than this. But, if it's your first time having chicken and rice, then the halal guys would be good for you. 

Oh yeah and that RED SAUCE... be careful because that is extremely spicy! I usually can handle spicy food and I bet on my friend that I could eat it and I lost. It was too hard to eat because I put a lot of the sauce. I basically ruined it because of that. I couldn't even eat the rest of it.
Is there anything better than a hot platter of delicious halal food on a cold night? I think not. 

The Halal Guys is finally in Philly and I finally got to try them out. The space is new, clean, and bright, with a few seats available if you want to eat in the shop. Otherwise, there is cafeteria seating further back in the building. 

The service was prompt and friendly. The manager made a point to come by and make sure everything was to our liking. 

The food was tasty! I had the chicken and gyro combo platter and my friend had the combo sandwich. Both were tasty and extremely filling - expect a generous portion! 

A word of caution- when they tell you that their hot sauce is hot, they're not joking! I made the mistake of putting a lot on my food, and was tearing up it was so hot. That's my mistake though. Otherwise, a tasty experience!
If you think that this store will be better than the numerous halal food trucks, you will be disappointed. There are several things wrong with the food. 
First is the meat. The halal food trucks that I have been to (and I've been to many) are usually very strong and savory tasting. I like chicken salty and saucy, and The Halal Guys doesn't deliver that. You can tell from some of the pictures that the meat is brownish when it should be reddish or orange with a lot of sauce. 
The rice is also too dry. Food trucks like to keep the rice moist and oily, but I didn't find this at the restaurant. 
Even though the portion sizes are larger and you get a pita bread, it doesn't come with canned soda like the food trucks.

I would just go to a food truck itself because you can get a chicken over rice for $5 rather than something that's closer to 10.
We were in China Town for haircuts and such. My daughter and I did not have lunch yet and since we would be having Asian for dinner decided to go with The Halal Guys. We ordered the chicken gyro platter which came with lettuce, tomatoes, rice and pita, plus a yogurt sauce. There are some hot sauce packets available. Be careful with the hot sauce, it has some kick. We ordered a side of Baba Ganoush for just a couple dollars more that came with warm Pita.

The food arrived and it was a good sized portion that my daughter and I shared easily. We thought everything tasted delicious and had some good spices and flavors. The Baba Ganoush was also quite good.

There is some counter seating in the space which we chose. However, there is additional seating in the back of the food court and also bathrooms.  The Halal Guys is a nice no Asian option in the ever dynamic China Town.

3.5-4 Yelp Stars
Skip this place. Waste of money. They ask way too many questions- let alone the falafel I had was not authentic, overfried and dry. I was expecting a lot from this place based on the popularity in NYC. I didn't finish my gyro and was kicking myself that I didn't just go to Maza Taza which is WAY BETTER
I've had Halal Guys a few times from NYC so I was super excited to hear that they were coming to Philly! They have been having their soft opening recently (check their FB page for details) and so I popped in today, as soon as I had the chance. 

I ordered the combo chicken/gyro platter and my boyfriend ordered the falafel platter. The platters came full with lettuce, tomato, rice, and your choice of protein. And then you can choose from white sauce, hot sauce, and bbq sauce. I went with the white sauce (which is delicious) and a dab of the hot sauce (warning: it is SPICY) which for me, was the perfect amount. I personally liked the crunchy and flavorful falafel better than the chicken and gyro which seemed a little less flavorful, but still hit the spot! Would definitely recommend!! So far, seating options are limited but that is just because the food court is still in the process of opening. There are some 4-seater tables and some counter standing room. 

$7.99 for a small platter, $8.99 for a regular platter. And as far as I know, they are also offering free fries or drink with every purchase (for the duration of this soft opening) so definitely come now (who doesn't love free stuff!) 

The official grand opening is Dec 28, and they are gonna have a ton of freebies and special guests (and the ice cream store ICE-NY will be open too with the guy who started the rolled ice cream trend...seriously!) 

Big shout out to the lovely happy people who work there and came out frequently to offer us more sauce. Also thank you to the owner of Chinatown square for taking the time to chat with us and make us feel special. Can't wait for the rest of this place to open up. I think I found my new go-to spot in Chinatown!
As a New Yorker, I have high standards for Halal Guys. I've been to a number of brick and mortar places that are both Halal Guys and knock offs, both within the NYC area and outside. I was underwhelmed with the quality of food at this Halal Guys. I guess it's like the fact one shouldn't trust a Philly Cheesesteak outside of Philly, can't trust Halal Guys out of NYC. The rice was dry, the meat was not as flavorful and didn't look like it was freshly cooked. I guess the meat in NYC is fresh because there is always a long line and the meat was just cooked vs just staying in the warmer for a while. I ate a few bites and then threw the plate out.
I have seen the mixed reviews but my experience was exemplary. Great falafel made to order. Off the hook perfect. Went on a Sunday afternoon so it was quite. Crunchy yummy perfection. $10 for a soda and sandwich. I hear it gets crazy when the bars Let out, but I'm old so the afternoon is just fine. I can't wait to come back  . Just like the falafel trucks in NY. The only down side is no pickles .
It's finally open! (Soft open, that is!) I've been waiting for this location to open since it was first announced some time ago. I stopped in today and got a combo platter which comes with rice, salad, chicken, lamb, and pita, and of course the great sauces. It was delicious and there was so much food! I've been to the original cart in NYC and the quality, flavor, and huge portion is the same (only you don't have to wait in the crazy line like on 53rd street in NY!) I had the falafel also and it was fresh and hot, they had just finished cooking and they came out delicious and dressed with the traditional tahini sauce. Gyros are $6.99, regular platters are $8.99, and small platters are $7.99. They are offering delivery now during their soft opening! 


This location is located in what will be Chinatown Square when it opens, which is going to be a food hall with a variety of restaurants. The entrance of Halal Guys is directly accessible from the street. There is no seating in the restaurant, but there is a bar located along the windows where you can stand and eat. The employees were all very friendly with smiles on. 

This is their soft opening, so things are a little different than they will be when they open officially, but if this is any indication of how thing will be, then it should be great!
Came here for lunch yesterday and was very happy with my decision. As a longtime fan and halal guys loyalist, I can definitely say the quality and taste of the food matches that of the original trucks in NYC. We received a free sample of falafel on top of the combo platters that we ordered. A typical combo platter includes rice, salad, half gyro, half chicken, and spicy sauce and creamy white sauce. Looking forward to the full launch and glad they are finally up and running after being delayed from the summer. Prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get, they are open late, and delivery is available on Caviar. I would highly recommend this location to halal guys newbies and veterans alike.
The staff was very friendly, but you'll find more delicious food for half of the price at any of the nearby halal food carts.
Is this the same halal guys as the original in NYC? Why isn't there lamb? Isn't that one of the main dishes? That was the biggest disappointment! Also warning their hot sauce is super spicy. Make sure you get it on the side unless you have super high tolerance for spice! Other than that still delicious!!
My two coworkers and I went in for lunch today and enjoyed 2 combo platters including chicken and falafel w/ rice topped with the white sauce and a touch of the hot sauce. We also tried a gyro w/ beef and a side of hummus. Everything was very fresh and staff was very friendly. Looking forward to visiting again.
Not as exciting as some people make it out to be. The meat, whether you pick chicken or beef is more gyro textured. I sort of thought, as a new comer, it may have been shawarma type; I was wrong. Be careful with red hot sauce, it is extremely extremely spicy. White sauce is good. Rice and pita was good. Just not a big fan.
recently found out that there was a new halal restaurant in chinatown with super late hours so i had to check it out. as much as im in new york i have to admit id never heard of the halal guys but it didnt matter bcuz i was gonna give em a shot anyway. rolled in the restaurant around midnight and ordered the beef gyro platter which came with beef (obviously) yellow rice, tomatoes, lettuce and your choice of toppings like jalapenos, black olives etc. i must say, they definitely give healthy portions. also grabbed an order of fries just to see how they were. im an avid fan of gyros so i held this place to a high standard. unfortuantely, they didnt really meet it. the food wasnt bad but it just didnt have much flavor. definitely not the flavor im used to in an authentic gyro. im assuming they didnt really season the meat very aggressively. the one thing that stood out though was their customer service. these guys were great. super fast and friendly from the moment i walked in to the moment i left. im definitely gonna go back and give em another shot. i'll have to try some other items from the menu. so for now im rating them A-OK.
I was debating between a 3 and 4 star review, but settled on the 3 because overall... its average. 

I love Halal Guys... the original carts in NY I should say. However, their stores do not match the quality I'm use to. I've visited a number of times and each time I leave even more disappointed then the last. 

I will say, I do appreciate their lunch special. $7 for a platter or gyro with a drink is a great deal. But again, the quality is just blahhh. 

The chicken has been dry on numerous occasions. The gyro bread has a funny taste, and the rice is just ehh. On top of that, they charge you extra if you want another packet of white sauce or hot sauce. Crazy! 

Of course, if I'm craving Halal food, this is the first place that comes to mind, but it's not all that. Hope they improve.
Great old school place but tHe price is going up... cool but really? Price for sauce? I mean if you order one plate, there should be ooze sauce that comes with it as basic, but you wanna charge for each individual sauce pack as extra.... not going back too often
I love this place. I love all halal platters, but this place takes the cake. It's the "original" or at least this is what someone used to tell me. Anyways, I always go with the small chicken platter with rice and salad (hold the pita.. i don't need anymore carbs lol). White sauce is a must. Hot sauce.. man this stuff is spicy and it really depends on your spice level. They literally measure this stuff in lines. I go for about 3-4 and i love spicy.
I've never tried the original food truck in NY before (I know, blasmephous!) So I can't compared the restuarant to it. But I am a little disappointed by the quality and portion. I ordered a regular size platter with a combination of chicken and beef gyro which costs $11.99. It wasn't very filling as it was mostly lettuce and diced tomatoes. The pita bread was small and dry. The meat was dry too. Moving on to another place to try when I crave halal food.
Im not a huge fan of halal but my cousin was in town so I went with him to try it out. I came during soft opening so there were only a few customers. The staff were really friendly as well. This place is pretty good if I was to compare it to the food trucks. Very clean and the food looks more fresh than the one in the food trucks. Only downside was the protein was dry. I got the regular chicken with white and barbecue sauce and it came with a side of salad.  My cousin got large beef with white and barbecue sauce. Both chicken and beef was dry. I would not come here religiously, however, once in awhile is good.
Halal guys is everything I was hoping for in a Halal franchise. Friends have suggested Halal Guys in New York to me but I never got the chance so I was pretty excited to hear them opening up in Philadelphia. The menu is straight forward and the staff is really nice. They have some seating and also a long stand bar. The price of the food for how much food you get is amazing. 

When I ordered, I got extra protein which was totally worth the money. Extra sauce was really good too. I stirred up the meal and the food was amazing. I already really like Halal food to start. I like they add the pitas too to make little sandwiches as well. 

If you're in Chinatown, your hungry and want something great for under $10, this place is a great spot to swing by and stuff face.
OMG.. this is the 3rd non-cart halal guys that I've been too (NJ, KOP, Philly) I'm not happy with. I understand that the servings are way lesser than the one in the cart. But this one is different, the meats are not chopped, your eating bite size pieces. Also the chicken was way under-cooked. The customer service here though is great. I don't know if I want to try it again.. Maybe.. Maybe..
Well.....I have been  From New York to San Francisco for The Halal Guys & now I'm here in Philly on a Quest. Easy to find in downtown Philly, very knowledgeable and helpful staff (Very Concerned & Cautious on the Red Sauce) Really good portions & Price. Had the Regular Combo Platter Chicken/Beef....The Sauce is what makes the meal just know "The Red Sauce" is not to be taken lightly!!!
I'm a big fan of the original food cart in NYC, so I was super excited when a brick and mortar location finally opened in Philly.  They do a good job if you're craving the original chicken and rice platter, but its definitely not the same as the food cart. I ordered two small combo platters (they were out of large) plus a small falafel platter and it came to a little over $30...not exactly the cheapest but I guess it's average for takeout food. I requested extra white sauce packets and 3 extra packs set me back about $1.60 which was kind of a bummer. Overall, it was ok and definitely satisfies a craving when we can't make it up to NYC, but it's definitely a little lacking. The rice is the gem of the dish in my opinion and I'm glad it was still as delicious as I remembered. The meat was a little dry and the portions were a little disappointing for the price. The falafel was ok - nothing spectacular and also slightly dry. They also had some small wedges of baklava on the counter which I bought to try; they were a little greasy but decent.  Despite being only mediocre compared to the original, I'm still glad they came to Philly and I will definitely go back.
So glad this place was open at 1 am and the food tasted good then. Though after passing by so many Halal Guys street food vendors during the day, I've noticed the difference in quality. The lamb meat that we got was sort of like ground beef instead of the juicy delicious meat they shave right off the spit. Granted when you're starving in the middle of the night and all that's opened is a couple of boring fast food places and Halal Guys, I'd pick Halal Guys any day.
Like many Yelpers, I was super excited that the famous cart turned brick and mortar was coming to Philly. I can't compare it to the cart since I've never tried it, but I felt it was a rather uneventful meal. The combo platter is great in size, but the ratio from rice to meat is way off. Significantly more rice than there was meat. I was a fan of their white sauce and I can see how it can be addictive. A line of the red should be more than enough and this is coming from someone who adores spicy food. The staff was extremely polite! In defense of the output, I also went there very shortly after they opened or maybe I would have enjoyed it more had I been less than sober.
Ordered on ubereats a couple of nights ago and it was the worst food ive ever had. I got the combo platter and it was so dry and cold. Even the fries were cold. Unfortunately, I wont be ordering from here again.
Ordered in with some co-workers, we all found the food to be tasty. The hot sauce is HOT. The terrible downside is that I ended up with diarrhea while others had upset stomach. Buyer beware.
For $9 you can beat the large platter.  It's good and filling.  However, I didn't give it 5 stars for the food but rather for the young gentleman who was working the counter today around 4pm.  He was welcoming and very helpful and just plain old nice.  Keep up the great work!
Halal Guys arrived in Philly about a year ago and it has since become a staple of Chinatown. Having first tried it 5 years ago in NYC, I take a walk down memory lane every time I order a chicken platter. However, I am extremely thankful that instead of squatting on a lousy and crowded street corner in NYC (you can tell how I feel about Manhattan...), I am now able to enjoy my hot platter inside a very comfortable food court with proper tables and chairs. 

The quality of the food at Halal Guys warrants no further comment. It's excellent, iconic, and just great comfort food! I do love the new additions to the menu such as french fries and hummus. This location in particular offers french fries with platter style (you can add meat, sauce on top of fries) and that's a total game changer. 

What sets this location apart is that they're really active on social media and Instagram in particular. They post almost daily announcements, have giveaways, and reveal new menu items (or limited time items such as wings platters during Super Bowl weekend). As someone who is on Instagram almost every hour, I really appreciate their social media presence because it keeps me in the loop (and the pictures always make me hungry!). 

Another aspect of this location is their customer service. The employees and supervisors are always extremely nice and attentive. 

They also do have a rewards card program. I got mine back when I lived on the UWS in NYC, but I am still able to use my rewards card here in Philly. 

To summarize, Halal Guys is great. Thanks for opening one in Philly!
AMAZING! 

The restaurant is MUCH better than NYC. The construction and design is very well thought out and put together very nicely. The staff are well trained and go the extra bit to provide better customer service to make sure you are satisfied. 
In comparison to The Halal Guys in NYC, I say PHILLY is MUCH better because I personally am sensitive to crap food. First time trying Halal in NYC I didn't know exactly what it was that was making me feel disgusted until I learned yesterday at the soft opening in Philly after speaking with David (co-owner) that they use FRESH meat! What a HUGE difference.
The meat in NYC is precooked when it is shipped to the restaurant and recooked which could affect taste and body sensitivity (me personally). Also in NYC the meat is cooked over and over again creating a layer of left over meat. 
The fact that this place is brand new, it offers more innovation and better management/logistics making sure we as customers are satisfied with the experience and will return. After having the chicken meat combo. platter, I was completely satisfied with no nauseating feeling. I for surely will be back! Rolled Thai ice cream next door too? BET! 

ps. Korean food is coming soon.
I've been waiting for this location to open for months, just got a chance to give it a try. Overall, I don't see a good value compared to alternatives. They barely give you two scoops of meat for a platter of half rice and half lettuce with some tomato, I wish they would forgo some lettuce in place of rice and meat. The quality of the gyro was alright, a bit dry, while the chicken was tasty. I got a side of falafel and that was the best tasting item of the day. Everything was alright, I would come back every now and again. My biggest gripe is with the pricing, close to $10 with tax for a regular platter does not make much sense to me. From a value perspective I would much rather go to a halal cart that's 50% the price and 75% of the quality.
I had some high expectations of this place given that this would be our go to place for late night drunk food in NY.  

The place is pretty small.  There's a rope outside to herd all the drunk people in.  It has heat lamps to keep you warm as you wait outside.  

The prices are a bit higher than NY, but probably due to the fact that this is a store front vs.  a food truck.  The food was good - just like it was in NY.  

The service ok - still think they have some kinks to work out.  You can sign up for their loyalty rewards program, but doesn't seem like you get much back.
My girlfriend was really looking forward to this place opening up in Philly because their food trucks in New York were a favorite destination for her. Not only was the chicken and rice in the food trucks delicious, but it was all gluten-free. We expected the same at the restaurant in Philly, but were a little disappointed when we saw that they keep a lot of the pita bread on top of the chicken and cross contamination seems like an issue. We discussed the situation with a staff member and were able to get a combo platter that she felt safe eating. There were no stomach issues following the meal, but the meal lacked the flavor and punch of the food carts. We also went during one of the first couple of weeks that it opened, so maybe they got their act together a little more. Another big downside is the lack of seating in the area. We had high expectations for this and were hoping that this could be a place that we would visit frequently, but we haven't been back since our first time. Maybe they deserve another chance.
I am a local college student who has lived off the halal food trucks for the past couple years. I also visited NYC to try out the original Halal Guys. So coming here, I didn't know what to expect. However, the high reviews and long lines at the grand opening surely heightened my expectations.

Pros:
1. The location is in Chinatown. Accessible and around a lot of surrounding places/dessert areas.

2. Tremendous customer service. Quick, friendly, and attentive to give you extra sauce throughout your meal if you're eating there. Everyone is always smiling.

3. Healthier than food truck. You can tell that the meat is better quality, the veggies are fresh cut, and the sauce portions are not as extreme. (But I must say, the sauce is what defines the taste. I always get extra sauce...and then extra extra sauce!)

Cons:
1. The quality is actually just pretty hyped up. The meat tastes a bit dry and they give way too much rice for my liking. The rice doesn't have much taste which ends up making me want to drown it in more sauce. In the end, I'm just eating straight up white sauce and rice. 

2. The seating here is sparse. There's 3 small tables outside which is really underprepared in my opinion. If you know that this is going to be a busy chain in such a populated area, why only have 3 tables? There's a high chance you'll stand eating or stay on-guard for a free table for the entity of your meal. I understand that China Square is still not open entirely and the space is tiny (there may be a chance they want to imitate the grab-n-go mentality of the original food truck), but still. 

3. The price. For a small bowl ($7.99) or a large bowl ($8.99), you get healthy halal, but it just goes back to my con #1. Tiny meat and veggie portions, and just heaps of rice and sauce. It doesn't even come with a drink! So you end up paying $2 more for a fountain soda. 

All in all, I personally prefer food truck halal. It's cheaper (considering the portion size and the drink included). It tastes better because the sauce-meat-veggie-rice portion is balanced out. I find myself drizzling more and more sauce every time I come to his Halal Guys location! The calories! The overkill on rice just ruins it all. Although it's unhealthier because of the grease, it fills me up and I stay under a budget. 

Lastly, I don't know if this is still an issue, but I couldn't order a drink when I tried to order from this location on UberEATS. They said they didn't have bottled drinks, but they could've just given me a fountain in a to-go cup like most places would do.
It just wasn't for me.  The food taste like fast food version of Middle Eastern cuisine.  Hey if that's you thing or you need a quick fix then go have at it.  Service was prompt and workers were friendly.  Decent amount of food for price.  They have a customer card program for frequent diners.
The Halal guys participated at the Philadelphia restaurant festival.  It was one of the longer lines at the event since they were handing out very generously sized portions of fresh made and customized halal bowls.  We had rice with lamb meat, and tzaziki sauce.  The staff was really friendly and the food was great! Well done guys.
No stars is my actual review but I was forced to add one to post. Horrible excuse for middle eastern food. Do not come here, unless drunk and lacking any tastebuds and judgement.  No one that works there actually has any idea how to make ethnic food...it's all generic.  To top it off the "world famous " white sauce they have is basically fat or a slow heart attack. Mayonnaise based sauce?!?! What the hell happened to yogurt and cucumbers? This place should close. I'm truly offended and wish I took heed to the other reviews but we were looking for a late night spot with a vegetarian option.  Just awful...I can't believe this place gets traction.
$8 for a small platter, $9 for a large platter, $3 for extra meat. Prices here are asinine. Platters are loaded up with lettuce and light on meat and rice to boot! Midtown's carts are a much better value.

As much as I love Halal Guys, I'm going to have to say pass on this location. Stick with any regular halal cart on the street and get nearly double the food at around half the price. It's Halal for fuck sake... I'm not paying more than like $6 when I'm in the mood for Halal.
The hype is no joke. They are good really good. The menu is short simple and easy. Food come out quick and hot. That white sauce you just can't get enough of. Everyone in the the place is really nice and friendly. It took a extra minute for my falafel to come out because one broke. They game a extra one without me asking. They're also very polite. For now if you order a platter you get either a side, drink, or dessert with it no extra charge.
We came by during the soft opening. We were the only customers there and we ate our food at the tables they had set up in between the shop across from them. No one else came in for the duration of our visit. The employees greeted us as soon as we came in and explained the menu to us. I've never had the original NY Halal Guys but I've tried the food cart at 34th and Market. There are two sizes, small and regular. $7.99 and $8.99. I ordered the chicken in a small. I asked for white sauce but no red sauce but they gave us a packet to add later. They offered us free sodas with each entree. I sat down and thought it looked really good. I started digging in and my first thought was wow that's not much rice. The lettuce and tomato took up half of the platter. The rice was dry and lacked flavor. The chicken was also dry but it had a nice spice to it. Seemed like the food had been sitting awhile. We went to ask for more white sauce to help the dish. The white sauce is good but it shouldn't make the dish. I don't want it drenched in it but that's just my opinion. I ate my few pieces of pita and some of my friends because I was still hungry after. I was still hungry when we left. I thought the amount of chicken was fine but where's the rice? Got rice? I don't think it is worth $8. The food truck at 34th st is about $5 and it comes with a can soda. Not a great first impression of Halal Guys. 2.5 stars
I was really excited to try this place, as I had tried both the carts in New York and the brick and mortar in Costa Mesa and loved it. I got a small combo with beef and chicken ($7.99), but unfortunately in my opinion it was just ok. 

Pros:
- The workers there were really friendly
- For getting a rewards card you get a free fountain drink 
- The food was reminiscent of the NYC cart 

Cons:
- My pita was extremely stale
- There was way too much rice in proportion to the meat
- I wish they gave sauce packets instead of pouring it themselves. I definitely had a lot of rice on the bottom that was dry and in desperate need of white sauce.
- Very limited seating 

Overall the food was mediocre. Due to the convenience factor and my love for halal food, I'll definitely be back, but probably less often than I would have originally anticipated.
If you've ever had halal from a food truck, know that the flavors are a bit different, but still pretty good. I think the food is a bit overpriced and the rice seems to always lack flavor and see to be a bit hard. The falafel is very good and seems to always come out fresh!  I enjoy that they will come around the tables to offer more white sauce for anyone that needs some. Beware... the hot sauce is quite spicy!  I will be back at some point, but I'll probably stick with the food trucks lol. Also, the store is very franchise-y, so you don't feel that you're getting an authentic experience.
I came here after I kept hearing all the hype. I grew up in New York so I've known about the halal guys for quite some time. I'll start with the good points and work my way into the bad ones. I got a regular combo, no Salad with pita.

Staff: The staff was amazing hands down extremely nice understanding of everything I wanted. 

Location: Great spot in Chinatown. Small and quaint and right to the point. Place was extremely clean when I came in.

Food quality: Not too impressed. Chicken was a little bit dry the beef was OK. The rice that I received was a little bit stale as well. However, after adding white sauce, hot sauce and barbecue not bad.  It did look quite nice in terms of presentation.

Quantity: Heavy hand with the rice. Light hand with the meats. Sparse with the pita. 

Price: The cart inside New York City I have never actually paid more than 6 dollars for a pretty heavy plate. 

7.99 for a small.
8.99 for regular

I ordered a regular. Here I paid $9.74( 8.99 plus tax) for mediocre food. Interestingly enough it would be three dollars (2.99 from menu) for extra meat. Extra sauces would be 50 cents. It is as if they were trying to squeeze a Wallet for a Kia and telling me it was a Benz. 

I understand it is a growing business, and I applaud Halal guys on their growing success. However, one thing that is bigger than anything is truly the experience. When I walked in I was hoping to walk out a happy man with a heaping plate of just food that was going to fill me up. However, upon receiving my three pieces of pita and maybe a quarter plate worth of meats, I quickly realized I would not be returning. After finishing my meal, I had about one third of the plate filled Rice. 

I hope others that come here have a great experience. And I hope the Halal guys franchise will up their game in terms of food quality as well as quantity.
This place needs better cooks. I feel like the meat & rice is dry.
asking for extra white sauce...a tiny drizzle. 

I would actually eat the halal trucks instead of the one here.
Compare to the one in NY this place is a let down.
This location has great people working, doesn't even matter what day. I also go to the one in KOP, and I get just the same and great experience. They do have the soda tax, so be mindful you cannot have refills for free. I will always love their chicken, falafels, and rice with PLENTY of white sauce and a bit of hot sauce. I just know the white sauce is as fattening as mayo, so I can only get this stuff once in a blue moon, otherwise I'd be gaining a bunch of weight for sure. I'm glad they do Caviar here which is super close to my job and at my convenience, although I'd get charged for the extra packets of white sauce that I'd include. There's more perks to eating inside!!! Plus the vibes in the Chinatown square is nice unless you're not too big of a fan eating a place with loud music on sometimes
There's nothing like the smell of good Halal food and that's exactly what it is. When you walk in, you are greeted by friendly staff and they even offer recommendations if you are a first timer. The prices are slightly higher than comparable meals but you do get what you pay for, a decently packed platter or sandwich with fresh food made just right. To top it off, they offer a rewards program that's easy to set up and once you get it going, you can collect points each time and eventually earn your way to a free meal. Overall, good vibes, and fast quality food.
The greatness of Halal Guys is in Philadelphia for everyone to try! I'm a big fan of halal street food, and this is no exception.
Pricing
Pricing is very fair. It's slightly more expensive than what you found find on a random corner of Manhattan, but definitely fair when it comes to finding a meal, around $9-$10. Would recommend getting the most bang for your buck and getting the bigger size for a dollar more.
Food
Delicious. If you get everything, it comes with rice, lettuce, tomato, meat/falafel, pita bread, and delicious sauce if you choose. Highly recommend putting the white sauce, and if you are brave, the red sauce. I would recommend only starting off with half or one line before adding more.
Service
The people behind the counter were pretty nice and helpful to us.
Overall
If you haven't had the chance to go, I would highly recommend you give Halal Guys a shot. The food is simple, but delicious.
Finally it's open in philly. Somehow it's does not have the same feel as the NYC cart. The food on the other hand is comparable. I had the combo platter - beef and chicken with rice and salad. Personally felt the chicken was much better than beef. Falafels tasted fresh. Beware of the hot sauce. It is really hot :-). Overall a good experience
I'm a big fan of Halal Guys. Excellent food at a great price. I enjoyed the food carts in New York for years and was very pleased to see the move to Philadelphia. 

Simple concept. Start with a large container and fill with rice, salad and choice of chicken / Gyro / Falafel. I've eaten at this location at least 20 times and the food was made fresh and tasted great every time. Love the chicken of the Gyro. Don't forget to grab the packets of their white special sauce and hot sauce. All the above ingredients work so well together. 

The portion is so large it can easily make two meals and it's only $8-$9. One of the best deals in the city. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.

BK
There's a lot I can say about halal guys. 

I've become a known regular here and I always feel welcome and treated well anytime i come. 

They always hire a new amount of people and dedicate to keeping jobs going as their businesses grows. 

As being vegan the falafel and tahini is an all time favorite and I get it every time. 


The only negative aspect is that the acoustics in that building are built for sound to travel in a larger decibel. So speaking to order food sometimes gets lost in translation and you need to repeat yourself many times. 

Not their fault, just something that's sometimes of a headache. 

Always a good 3am chow option. Thank you !
I am in love with halal guys since i try in NY in manhattan, but in Philadelphia specially in China town the taste is very different and the beef so dry, portion is not reasonable i bought the regular one but i only got half rice n beef and half lettuce, LETTUCES HALF FROM THE PLATE!!!
I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS PORTION!!
Hope you can make same like in NY!!
Meh...Ordered a small combo (beef, chicken, rice, lettuce & tomato). $8.53. Compared to the halal carts that offer the same plate with lamb instead of beef, along with a drink for $5, this place was not worth my money. The meat was on the dry side; the plate was lettuce and tomato heavy and rice and meat light; I was handed my foil carry out container without a bag, as if they meant for me to walk down the street with the container in hand (received one after asking); I didn't notice until I got to my car that I was not given any utensils or napkins. I'll take my chances with the halal carts rather than spend my money here again.
Delicious gyro and chicken meat! The white sauce is extremely good with it.. they also offer BBQ sauce and a way-too-spicy-for-me hot sauce. 

Cons: the seating is very limited and we noticed that some of their workers need to start wearing hair-nets to be on the safe side. 

Still, I crave this place on a regular basis
Well at the behest of the management I went back to Halal Guys and tried the chicken platter and again I have to say that it just lacked in flavor. I really really want to like this place because it's extremely clean and its staff is extremely fast and friendly but the food just falls short. I couldn't even eat it all because it had absolutely no flavor at all. I also picked up a platter for a co-worker who gave half of her platter away with the same complaint of lack of flavor.

I've eaten at many halal places and the food has always been more flavorful. I think that when I do return I'll just stick with the Falafel platter.
French fries are the bomb here. They are perfectly cooked everytime. The sandwiches (gyros) are also good. But i can't say enough about the fries.  They give you super hot sauce every time.  I have only gotten delivery.  The first time it arrived quickly, the second time it arrived 30 minutes late...which isn't their fault, but did make my sandwich a bit cold.
The spot has a nice atmosphere and was conveniently quick for someone looking for decent food. I ordered the chicken gyro with the white sauce and some hot sauce. I didn't make it a meal since they only give you a handful of fries. I liked the taste and the flavors but I wasn't full afterwards. Probtshiuld have ordered the meal I guess. For the price of one gyro at this place, you can get 2 decent gyros from Arby's.  I would suggest bigger portions to bring back customers.
In college I used to take a train all the way to NYC just to go to the original location at 53rd & 6th so when i heard they had franchised and now had a location in Philly i was intrigued (but skeptical). Let's be real, franchising is not the same as the original. 

The set up is simple. Chicken? Lamb? Both? you pick =) You get a generous portion of rice and you can control how much lettuce and tomato you'd like. They then go to their infamous red and white sauces. The white is always great. pack that baby on, but as you may know by now the red is NO JOKE. if you can't take the heat do NOT ask them to drizzle it on your platter. Ask for it on the side or just get 'one line' of it on top. 

My review on the taste is a 4/5. I thought it was good. It'll never be as great as the original and i'm ok with that. Still brought back a lot of memories for me and that made me smile. welcome to Philly guys!
I have yet to actually visit the Chinatown location but have ordered Halal Guys through Caviar on two occasions. The delivery was quick (yay Caviar!) and the food was great. I always have a craving for the combo platters every now and then but am a little leery of the carts that sell it along the streets. I've ordered the chicken and beef combo platter and the gyro platter for my husband. We both loved it. The hot sauce is VERY hot so use cautiously! The portions in my opinion are pretty big. I always have left overs which in my opinion is worth it. $8 for a platter that is delicious and filling is a win win for me.
Wayyy overpriced. I got the small platter just to give it a try, and it was very disappointing. Food truck tastes better and is half the price.
More often than not I'll end up at Halal Guys after an evening of debauchery somewhere else in the city. 

I usually go with a small order of the beef gyro platter. The portions are pretty big anyway so I usually have some leftover for a hangover/recovery breakfast. The red/hot sauce is in fact pretty dang spicy and this is coming from someone who loves all things spicy. So if you're into that, load up but if you're not, stay away.  

Some of the staff are hit or miss in terms of customer service but overall when they're not crazy busy, they move pretty fast in getting your order. 

Best part of grabbing some food here is that once you're done eating and you catch your second wind, you can venture upstairs to the Johnnie Walker Lounge and proceed to get lit all over again. Just sayin', you have options here!
Got take out at the soft opening. I ordered the combo with no lettuce. The beef was better than the chicken. The chicken to me was a little dry. The white sauce was okay, a little bland in my opinion. The staff was really nice and helpful but I won't be coming back. The taste just isn't for me.
