After an incredible honeymoon in a French territory, I really wasn't ready to get back to everyday life when I returned. With one final day off before returning to work, we treated ourselves to a fabulously French dinner at The Good King Tavern. 

I had only been to The Good King once before, for a lovely tasting dinner. I was excited to try some of the menu items on this visit. There were several specials, and the endive and roquefort salad jumped out at me. It was served in a neat stack, with a creamy roquefort dressing on the bottom and crumbles throughout, plus dices of apple and slivers of red onion. The salad was topped with a tangy vinaigrette. Delicious! My husband (!!!) and I also shared the olives, and he started with the escargot which he really enjoyed. 

Next, I had the trout with whole grain mustard smashed potatoes and pea shoots. The fish was absolutely perfect and I loved the flavor of the mustard in the potatoes. I also ordered a side of haricot vert, which were delightfully garlicky and a perfect complement to my entree. I had a bite of the house smoked sausage with fingerlings and choucroute. This was the French version of a dish I grew up with in my German grandmother's kitchen, so needless to say I enjoyed that very much as well. 

There was no room for dessert whatsoever, but we both enjoyed a cocktail or two after our meals (in addition to several glasses of the "better" house wine, which tasted fantastic). 

Saying I loved this dinner would be an understatement. It was the perfect meal to end our honeymoon. I really think we need to make TGK a regular spot in our favorite restaurants rotation. It's casual enough for a weeknight while having plenty of charm for a date night.
I finally made it to TGKT for brunch and can say it is everything you've heard and more.  Get here early because even the cold and snow didn't stop the crowds.  And while it should go without saying, come hungry because you've gonna want one of everything.

We loved the regular menu, but too many of the specials jumped out on us to avoid.  We ordered the Bahn Mi and Short Rib Frites.  Portions on both were fair and flavors out of this world.  The Bahn Mi sandwich was absolutely the best one I've had outside of QT's in the city.  The pork melted in my mouth and the pickled veggies were mixed in with just the right proportion.  The Short Rib came with two fried eggs on top, a solid pile of meat, and fries that we couldn't stop picking at.  

Between the two of us, we cleaned out plates and decided not to press our luck with desserts.  Next time, I take my own advice and come hungrier.  Those desserts sounded great.  Also, judging from the posts, I think I'll need to grab a drink (or two) next time as well!
We have dined here a few times now and found that this rates somewhere between a 3 and 4 so I went with a 4.

The food is not too bad and the menu changes often. Why was I leaning towards a 3? Although the food is not bad, it is not a restaurant I would drive into Philly just to eat for dinner. As a local restaurant or pub where if you want a quick bite to eat or a drink or two and you are in the area, then this place is a great place to go. Some dishes I found lacked structure/texture or flavor and then others were very tasty. 

It is not a date night "fancy" place, but a very laid back, extremely casual location. 

I would still give it a try to see what you think as it is a well-known casual place to eat in the area.
I was super excited to try out The Good King Tavern, unfortunately I left with with a bad taste in my mouth.  The wine by the glass was great and very reasonably priced, our waitress was fantastic and the menu looked impressive.  However, the hostess was the rudest person I have ever encountered and the tavern would be better off firing her immediately!

We were greeted last night with a prompt 'what do you need' when entering the bar.  After asking for a table for two she rolled her eyes and told us that there was no room at the bar and if we were not eating she did not want to give us a table....despite the tavern being only half full at 9:00pm when we arrived.  After she huffed and puffed and threw a small tantrum we told her we would prefer a table and would likely be staying a while and might order a few apps.  She replied with, 'seriously' and gave another eye roll.  She eventually came back and slammed our plates, napkins and cutlery down while acting passive aggressive the entire time.  I was actually shocked and speechless.

Fortunately our waitress was lovely and helped to make up for our first impression.  The wine was great and the atmosphere was cozy.  All in all, I imagine we will go back at some point but I am in no hurry.  If we are treated this poorly again I will absolutely be asking for management, it would be unfortunate to give a lot of guests to a new establishment such a terrible first impression.

Hopefully they get rid of the terrible creature out front!
Really excellent French Bistro fare. I came here on an impromptu double date and both of the fellows are from France, so there was a high bar to be met. F and I both got the steak frites, which were delicious. The steak wasn't super tender, as it was a culotte cut, but it was very flavourful and cooked a perfect medium rare. We both opted to upgrade to truffle fries at the server's suggestion, which were good but really not worth the $5 upcharge (making some GOOD margin on a sprinkle of truffle oil). We were a little surprised it was that much when we got the bill. However, we both very much enjoyed our dishes and I thought the portion was the perfect size. At a price of $16 (without the truffle upgrade) it's a very good deal. The other fellow at the table got mussels, which he really enjoyed, and his wife just got fries as she had already eaten. My glass of "best" house red was quite good and paired nicely with the steak.

Docked a star for the upcharge sticker shock, noise level (VERY loud), no space to wait for your table, and the fact that the chocolate mousse was not available outside the tasting menu offering. We really wanted that. However, the saffron creme brulee was surprising and very good. Minor annoyances, overall. I would definitely go back.
Brunch before the shore... After reading about this place multiple times, I  had to try it. So I was surprised at the size of the restaurant. All of the pictures I have seen made this place seem huge, but in reality... that wasn't the case. 

I had a simple meal that was comprised of bacon, eggs, potatoes and toast. The bacon was crisp, the eggs were average, and the potatoes were the star of the dish. The potatoes were not average fried potatoes but seemed to be purple and red potatoes. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned! The toast was good and was served with a fresh jam or marmalade. My companion had a croque madame. The sandwich was good and reminded me of "the real thing" as I tried it in Paris. 

This is definitely a quaint neighborhood restaurant that I would possibly come back to try for dinner. There seems like there may be more than meets the eye.. so I may try come back to look, taste, and see again.
Wow, I did not expect this of a "tavern"! Whenever my husband wants to take me to a tavern, I cringe inside....pubs, taverns, sports bars just aren't my thing. I was so surprised in a good way. I loved the décor, music and overall vibe. And the food???? Fantastic. I purposely ate a big meal before coming since I didn't want to overeat. Once I began eating the fried artichoke, with lardo....yummy! I also tried the snails (tasty although I can't get past the looks of them), the fries with aioli (delicious), and the chocolate dessert (some crème dessert) with butterscotch crumbles (heaven). I really loved the hell out of this spot.
I'm unsure what her deal was, but while out with a friend (white,) the server damn near ignored me (black) for half the sitting while tending to my friend. My racism senses began to tingle. 

Don't know about other wait staff, but be aware if you give this place a try.

Food and drinks were cool.
Looking for modern takes on French comfort fare from Provence to Alsace? Look no further than The Good King Tavern. The Bella Vista tavern is cozy, personable, and inviting. There's no pretense here. Indulge in the wine list or explore French house wines ranging from "good" to "better" to "best." On this particular night, we indulged in some of their best - Burgundy Chardonnay and a Cote de Rhone Syrah-Grench blend. 

Sazerac [$12]
Rye whiskey, Demerera, bitters, absinthe

Properly made cocktails abound here as well. I enjoyed my sazerac, with the sweet demerera and absinthe balancing out the hit of rye.

Cheese Board [$16]

Fresh baguette, grapes, crisp apple slices, and quince paste were paired with a wide array of delectable cheeses, from the funk of earthy blues to semi-soft cow's milk cheeses. 

Red Endive Salad [$12]
Pistachio-pepper pesto, Parmesan

The endive salad provided the perfect bitter notes to whet our appetites. Plenty of shaved Parmesan and a creamy pistachio pepper pesto provided a burst of flavor for each bite. 

Escargot Anchoiade [$11]
Butter, lemon, capers

The earthy gastropods were deliciously doused in butter, garlic, and parsley, with the salty hit of capers offering a counterpoint. Believe you me, the crusty baguettes were a welcome vessel to mop up any remaining sauce.

Steak Tartare [$15]
Salad, pomme frites

TGK's steak tartare was a standout. Beautiful texture on the beef, with chopped red onion, mustard, and capers interspersed throughout. I appreciated the citrus zest for a burst of freshness. Added bonus? Some of the best pommes frites in the city. Well-seasoned, crispy, but with plenty of chew within.Who needs crostini for your tartare when you have fries?

Socca [$12]
Chickpea pancake, ratatouille

If there's a must-order at TGK, it's the socca. These chickpea pancakes are crisp, yet pliant and are an obvious vessel for the frisee and ratatouille. The latter was nicely stewed, with an enjoyable hit of acid from the tomatoes.  

Duck of the Day - Duck Wings

TGK sources the majority of their ingredients from local farms. And with the ducks they receive, they creatively execute a "duck of the day" dish. Whether it's confit, breasts, or wings - look out for their daily special. We were able to enjoy the crispy wings, with a delectable sauce that you may be licking off your fingers. 

Steak Frites [$21]
Bordelaise, maitre d'butter

Classic steak frites are well-executed, with a house butter offering up richness alongside the bordelaise sauce. 

Brussels Sprouts [$8]
Pumpkin seed aioli, black currants

Do get the crispy, roasted brussels here - seasonality from the pumpkin seed aioli and a bit of sweetness from the black currants.

Creme Brulee

Creme brulee hit all the sweet notes you'd be looking for from the vanilla custard, with sweet and bitter flavors and texture from the bruleed sugar top. 

Almond Cake
Chocolate sauce, hazelnuts

The almond cake was moist and rustic, with a decadent chocolate sauce that deserves to have every spoonful sopped up.

I'd highly recommend the Good King Tavern as a stop from wherever you are in the city. Expect a convivial atmosphere with wonderful French fare without any of the fussiness.
I love grilled/charred pulpo/octopus with a little olive oil and lemon.  I can eat it urrryday.  No joke.

If you are like me (obv not as good looking), you should come here, order octopus, get a pitcher of their "best" (the have good/better/best) white wine and the meat plate.

The meat plate has the best foie gras ever...omg...oh so fuckin good.
I hate leaving a negative review but this must be documented...
Sunday afternoon bartender was an absolute douche bag. Ladies beware!  
I understand it's not his job to monitor a group of buzzed women but to charge them for 15 glasses of prosecco during a couple hours, never thinking to offer the $10 bottle as an option, and than when they cash out the bill is over $200 and all they had were Brussels sprouts, it's is just a crappy thing to do.
To make things even worse- he maintained quite a SMIRK as my friends paid the bill.  So Mr. GTL,  the Jersey Shore is calling for ya...you may have gotten away with your $40 tip, but your employer has lost future business of multiple women that reside within a 3 block radius. 
Truly a shame, I miss the old Chicks.
The Good King Tavern would be great place to bring a date--French food, dark lighting, and a rustic atmosphere make for a great night. That is exactly what happened when I went with Jared J on a cold winter night.

We sat down immediately and started looking over a respectable beer list. I was particularly happy with the wine list. The restaurant has a pricing system that is very simple--order good, better, or the best wine, which allows for them to easily rotate the available bottles. As for the food, I think this is the most affordable French food I've ever eaten. Delicious Brussels sprouts started the menu--I highly recommend these veggies (there was no hint of bitterness in the sprouts). The trout frites ($18) was ridiculously simple but absolutely amazing. One large fillet of trout was smothered in saffron butter over a large helping of fries. Jared got the duck, which was incredibly rich.

I never expected that a French bistro and a bar could come together, but this restaurant is the perfect combination of the two.
The quality you get for what you pay is The Good King's strength. Price-point = TGK is a friggin' superstar.

Seriously... the house reds; Merlot $5.5, Pinot Noir $6.5, Cotes Du Rhone $7.5... how do you do this TGK???

The fair is French-influenced, and they usually have a special that is service for two. It's a cute spot... small and inviting with good service. Again, quality vs price is a winner.

Solid foundation cocktails. Yummy deserts... even their coffee rocks. Dollar for dollar this place is a champion.
4.5 stars

My last time here was for dinner which i enjoyed very much. I've been meaning to return and finally had a chance for happy hour. 

The happy hour menu was small but sufficient as the price point for the regular menu items weren't over priced. The drink menu for happy hour special was decent. I assume i ordered a house red wine which was really delicious. On the sweeter side, medium body. The punch was pretty good too. 

For food: 

-brussel sprouts
-radish with butter and salt
-tapenade crostini
-goat cheese truffle

I thought most of the food was good and interesting. The brussel sprouts were prepared/roasted like most restaurants these days but still good. The radish was the strangest dish i've had in the longest time (a good thing). It was super super simple and weirdly addicting in my opinion. It's basically raw radishes in a dish of butter with salt! I just kept picking it up and eating them. It did need a little bit more salt, but overall, a perfect bar snack. The tapenade crostini included a piece of fish/anchovy? I usually don't like olives but this was good. The goat cheese truffles were also super simple. Came in three flavors, cracked pepper, curry, and paprika. I liked the pepper the most. 

Our bartender wasn't super friendly but wasn't a deal breaker or took away from the experience. Overall, i think Good King Tavern offers a great happy hour alternative compared to typical american bar establishments. With the french inspired menu items and the laid back environment, this place is definitely on my rotation for both dinner and happy hour.
I wanted to like this place more than I did.  Don't get me wrong, the food I ordered, the octopus and the brussel sprouts, was phenomenal.  Some of the tastiest octo I've had actually.  But the drink situation is what got me...

I wanted to be more impressed with the cocktail list.  I was hoping it was a bit more inventive.  Maybe it was just that nothing spoke to me.  I had gone in intending to get some yummy concoction, but ended up just going with wine, which was lovely, but not want I had a hankering for.

I'm also a firm believer in the notion that one should be rewarded for their hard day's work during the week with discounted adult beverages.  No happy hour?!  *Sad face*  

Since the word "Tavern" is in the title and the bar takes up a large portion of the space, I wanted more from it.  I'd try it again, but I'll spend my precious hours of 5-7, Monday-Friday elsewhere.
We were in Paris visiting my brother's family over Christmas and we wanted to recapture the French bistro experience. I went to Yelp! and searched and found the Good King Tavern. 

First we had a good omen when I was able to get a parking space on 7th Street almost in front of The Good King Tavern. There is also a pay lot on 7th also. The restaurant is cozy with a long bar to the left as you enter, and booths to the right along the window. There are more tables in the back of the restaurant. I would make a reservation as on this Sunday night by 7:30 they were almost full. I am sure on Friday and Saturday nights there are waits. We sat in a booth towards the back. The place is nice, with wooden floors and a tin ceiling. It feels welcoming. We had the following dishes:

OCTOPUS - SPICY CHILI MARINADE, BABY ARUGULA - This was delicious, the octopus was extremely tender and the salad dressing was very good.
DUCK CONFIT - FINGERLINGS, FRISÉE, AÏOLI - The duck fell off the bones and had a great flavor. This was a really good dish.
STEAK FRITES - FRENCH CUT FLANK STEAK, CARMELIZED ONIONS, HOTEL BUTTER - The way the steak was prepared gave this dish a lot of flavor and the meat was tender. The fries were fantastic.
MORTEAU SAUSAGE - HOUSE MADE SMOKED SAUSAGE, POTATO GRATIN, BABY ARUGULA - This was a hearty dish and filling. The potato gratin was amazing.
CHOCOLATE POT DE CRÈME - BUTTERSCOTCH, HAZELNUT BRITTLE - This had a really nice chocolate taste but was pretty rich. A good dessert for sharing. Not overly sweet.
BREAD PUDDING - BRIOCHE, ALMONDS,  CHOCOLATE, CRANBERRIES, CREME ANGLAISE, LAVENDER ICE CREAM - This was a great dessert and we loved this. Everything went together well. The Lavender Ice Cream was incredible.

The Good King Tavern has a pretty wide wine list and specials for bottles and glasses. They have some nice beers available also. We had coffee for dessert and they served it in a French press which I love.

I was very impressed with service at The Good King Tavern. Everyone was very attentive and pleasant. The manager checked in on us and folded my daughter's napkin when she used the bathroom. I also thought the prices were very reasonable, especially considering the quality of food. The Duck Confit and the Steak Frites were $15.00 each. We really liked The Good King Tavern and we will be back soon!
I can see how this place receives a high rating. My girlfriend and I were out for dinner and decided on some "french" inspired food. The restaurant itself is really charming and they offer outdoor seating, which I would have opted for if the wait wasn't so long. 

We came on a Friday night with no reservations but luckily there was a table in the back, albeit next to the bathroom, which wasn't really an issue with me. The menu had some french inspired dishes and there were also some specials on the board. The prices are fair and the portions are nice. We ordered the spicy octopus salad, brusselsprouts, sweetbread (special), and escargot. I also ordered an import belgian beer (saison something, in a can..). The beer was good, but it wasn't that cold, forcing me to drink it quicker and without my meal. 

As for the food...i though the food was flavorful and good, but I wasn't blown away. The octopus had a nice char to it, the escargot had great garlic flavor but a bit salty and the crostini that came with it was a miss for me..the sweetbread was something i haven't tried before and enjoyed it. however, i thought the temperature of the chickpea ragu was too cold... probably because the kitchen was waiting for the sweetbread to finish. The brussels sprouts were nicely done and probably the winner of the night. the sauce may get a bit heavy for some (including me) but wasn't a bad thing. 

I would totally go back for brunch or dinner again. Our server was on point and very good. He explained the menu and options and was attentive given it was a fairly busy night. 

PS. A diner next to me ordered the duck confit which looked amazing...if i wasn't stuffed, i would've ordered it!
One of the best meals I've ever had in Philly. It was recommended by a coworker a long time ago as the ideal second date place - intimate with delicious food. Finally made it here for some pandemic outdoor seating. The escargot sauce was to die for and my sazerac delicious. The duck breast was tender and succulent, and the steak frites done perfectly with juicy interior and thick cut fries. The service was slow as they were busy but the food bought back the 1 star that would have been deducted.
I have  mixed feelings about writing this review because I would like to keep this place a secret for myself and close friends. However I know the word will eventually get out so I might as well start the ball rolling.
   The Good King Tavern is just phenomenal. It is the quintessential neighborhood pub with a unique French  slant that  makes it a very special place.
   I am not going to bore you with exactly what I ate and how good it was instead I just want to proclaim that this pub has it all. Great food and drink at reasonable prices served by a friendly staff with a gracious owner present to make sure all is well.
For some reason my review was not  recommended by Yelp so I will add some more specifics
I had the escargot appetizer and the mussel special as an entree with home made ice cream for dessert. My wife had the salad and TGK hamburger.Both of our meals were exceptional.
I can finally update this review with a more thorough dining experience under my belt (since my parents were paying the tab, I took full advantage ;) )

EVERYTHING, and I mean everything that we consumed was amazing. The frogs legs were even one of my favorites, and that is saying a lot! While yes, they do in fact taste like chicken, they were also laced with some delicious underlying flavors of heat, salt and some sort of warming spice I can't quite put my finger on.

Again, brussel sprouts. This is the second time I have recommended brussel sprouts in a yelp review. Someone give me a medal or something. These are tossed with goat cheese and pieces of hazelnuts. YUM.

The socca could be a meal in itself. The ratatouille is really only a compliment to these thin, pancake like chickpea masterpieces. Portion size is also quite large for this dish, making it perfect for sharing.

The French onion soup has taken it's American counterpart and made it a complete joke out of it. Yes- here, we assume that french onion soup is ALL about the 3 inch piece of cheese melted on top, most of the time only there to hide the bland flavors of what is underneath. In Good King's perfect version of French onion soup, the tiny pieces of shredded cheese play the role of the understudy to the star of the dish: the luscious, perfectly seasoned, sweet onion broth.

For something light and refreshing, but without compromising flavor and texture, I suggest ordering the winter salad. The pieces of frissee stand up wonderfully to the bold flavors throughout the salad, truly making it the perfect "winter" salad. I will crave this for the rest of the week, no doubt.

Again, Good King is doing it right. Every time.  Don't miss out on this gem.
Disappointing. Wine listed as good/better/best with no description, ordered "better" since waitress said it was Malbec. Very bad/cheap tasting wine. Had Brussel sprouts for app, were ok, wouldn't order again & I love Brussel sprouts :(
Boyfriend ordered $17 chicken beast entree because it came with artichokes & potatoes. Breast was bland but cooked perfectly. Literally only 4 artichoke leaves on plate, for $17, ridiculous.
The worst was the eggplant gratin. Came swimming in oil, which I poured out of the dish. The eggplant was chewy & salty, sauce tasteless, overall awful dish, please take this off! 
Heard good things about this place but will not return. Food very disappointing & no redeeming qualities in service or atmosphere.
I REALLY needed a night out with my husband, a real date night since we haven't had the time or money to do so in....forever, it seems. I randomly chose The Good King Tavern and made an early Sunday reservation for the two of us - which turned out to be a good decision. When we arrived, the hostess had to turn away a couple who didn't have a reservation because they were booked!

We were a bit early but thankfully were seated immediately within their small but lovely interior. Our super friendly and personable server quickly described their menu and that day's specials, and we started with a bottle of their house chardonnay. The first bottle she brought had a piece of cork still in it, which she noticed and immediately replaced with another (yay customer service!). Wine was all that I needed after a stressful weekend at work, but my husband was STARVING. We shared the artichoke lentil plate sauteed in brown butter, which was delicious, but the brussels sprouts with hazelnuts and goat cheese was even better (and now I know why there are so many pics of it on Yelp). Next came the socca board with chickpea pancake, fantastic rustic ratatouille, and salad. By then, I was picking at our food completely stuffed...but we had ordered their housemade morteau sausage with potato gratin and topped with baby arugula, and although it was absolutely delicious with flavors of smoked meat, salty cheese, tender potato and zesty greens, we couldn't finish and brought the remains home. Dessert will happen another time - because with food and service this good, and reasonable drinks prices, we will definitely return to try out the rest of their menu!
After three amazing visits, I felt the need to make sure others know how good this place is so it survives and does well.  I've had dinner at the bar, and dinner with family and friends at tables. Service at the bar is friendly, fun and not in your face. Service at the tables, the same - eager to make sure you are taken care of, but each time we never felt rushed. Actually, the exact opposite on our last visit as we sat enjoying coffee after our deserts chatting for at least 30 minutes. It wasn't till the waiter brought our check that we realized we should go.

For me, great atmosphere goes a long way and this small, cozy space hits all the marks. A fun bar area, booths, and a communal table setting as well. All the better to share your food experience with those around you. The menu additions on the chalk broad have been amazing each time we go, but the menu staples are not to be missed. The mushroom croquets melt in your mouth and the pickled mushrooms with them were a great pairing.  The spicy octopus with salad was light, fresh and grilled to perfection.  The somewhat non-traditional french onion soup, no crock and mound of cheese and bread, was nice and thick with onions and had a sweet yet rich flavor that was great on a cold winter's night.  Dinners have ranged from good (the burger) to oh my god amazing (the menu addition skate wing with saffron sauce.)  My dining companions all cleared their plates of the sausage, and the stake frites. 

This place is a gem and wonderful addition to our neighborhood. I hope to become a regular as prices are moderate and the food amazing. Getting a reservation might be common place soon though as I have been seeing it fill up every time I've been there, from a Thursday night to Sunday so far.
The Good King has been in my Yelp bookmarks for sometime and I finally had an opportunity to check it out. A friend and I were in the neighborhood and were lured in by the very tempting menu posted out front of the tavern. 

Unfortunately some of the items on that menu are absent from the current menu. However what is served does not disappoint. I don't remember all of the tasty bits we tried as I also did not neglect their drink menu but the stand outs were the bone marrow and steak frites. Mmm mmm mmm. Try it, you won't regret it. 

-1 star for the menu trickery.. Not what I'd expect from a Good King. Tsk tsk.
There were aspects of this joint that I loved. The main one was my great burger. Loosely packed ground chuck (chef recommended medium, I went for medium rare), great saffron sauce, tangy cheese, fresh veggies on a buttery, soft bun. Fries were a bit salty, but still good. Especially with garlic aioli. $13 was reasonable too.

But I just kept feeling like this place had an identity crisis. Clearly a wine-forward gastropub, but too egotistical. A little humility goes a long way. Our earnest, eager to please waiter was informative, but too involved. He was able to describe the food in great detail, but was a bit too present. I think he would have done better with a little less attention (or a less robust wine description when we weren't going to have a drink).

Close to four stars. Will visit again.
The duck confit here is delicious. I would come back just for that. My friend and I also shared the brussels sprouts and mussels, but the duck was the real standout. I've had mussels here once before and preferred the tomato sauce they were served in this time around. After my first visit here failed to impress, I'm glad I gave Good King Tavern another chance.
I'm not a harsh reviewer - but when I go to a restaurant I expect at the very very least to be given a menu and some water. Apparently that was too much to ask here - I wish I could give this place no starts. Went in with my husband - bartender barely looked at us - my husband told him table for 2 pls and he mumbled sit anywhere. We sit - 10 min go buy and bartender/waiter/only working person we saw at this place can with menus - left them to go get us the brunch menu and we never saw him again. 20min later we decided that was enough waiting - never got water nor were asked if we wanted something to drink let alone eat. Menu looked good but awful service!!!
After 3 times visiting TGK (as the cool kids say it) I'm happy to report that I want to visit another 3 times and possibly 3 more times after that.

If you only get one thing here (and that would be a shame) make it a cocktail.  I'm not saying their food isn't lovely (it is).  I'm just saying they know how to design and execute a drink.  I'm sure they have something on their menu to suit any taste.

My first time, I had the steak frites and I was very impressed with them.  The flavor, the cook of the steak and even the frites themselves all were executed with care.  It was a memorable meal.

On subsequent visits, I've shared apps (meat board, brussels, fried sardinettes) and I had a scallop special.  I find that while I'm eating here, I have wandering eyes because each plate brought out looks equally as beautiful as what you're eating.  They definitely know how to inspire diner's remorse.

I love this place and I will continue to come here.
This is the kind of place that doesn't look like it's going to produce fine dining quality food, but when you get your dish and take a bite, it blows you away.  

I ordered the escargot and steak tartare, and my friend ordered the branzino. 

The escargot was served out of the shell and in a Dijon crème fraiche with caramelized pear onions.  I was a little nervous to order this dish because I do not like mustard, but the server assured me that the Dijon flavor was not overpowering. He was absolutely correct. Escargot served out of the shower made it much easier to swallow around in the delicious sauce, though it shows might've been nice to scoop up some more of the sauce and not eat so much bread. 

The steak tartare was coated in a bone marrow vinaigrette. This really excited me because I love bone marrow. I thought this was a really nice way to bring out the flavor of the steak tartare without adding too many different flavors to it. I also really liked how there was not any raw onion mixed into the tartare. Too often places put onion in as a filler to have less meat.   Not this place!

The branzino, which I believe was a special, was probably my favorite dish. It was served with crispy skin on top, over a bed of pistachio romesco.  All I can say, is that the dish was brilliant. I wish it was on their regular menu so I could go back and get it again. Now I'm gonna have to try to re-create it on my own. In the future, I'll be sure to order a special there as I might not get to try them again.
Good King Tavern is a popular French bistro in the Bella Vista neighborhood of Philadelphia.  A recent stop-in on a hot summer evening has been my only time ever eating here.  And what I discovered was a very decent dining experience with nothing for me to rave about.  The atmosphere was okay, the service also okay, and the food another okay. For the record, I ordered French radishes to start with and duck confit as the principle plate.  Maybe a second visit to The Good King Tavern would bring a more memorable meal but the first one was "okay'!
Turns out, if you want Philly to yourself, you eat at all the best places when the good Catholics are home eating Easter dinner. Such was the case for us! And at the good king, we were treated as the name suggests--but I doubt our fabulous dinner and service were just a side effect of the Easter emptiness--these folks know what they are doing in all respects.

Going forward, this review will be critical not because it was bad but because it was great--because this is the kind of place that fine tunes! 

To start, we had the tomato butter toast. Holy Toledo, I almost order a second one. We loved it--just spicy, butter in every nook and cranny of bread, cheese on top of cheese, herby, just perfect. We took it down alongside a sazerac that was almost as good as the original at Antoine's. We're picky, but this drink took us right to New Orleans. 

Then we split the French onion soup. It was good but needed something. Again, I'm being hyper critical. The soup was real beef broth but perhaps needed sherry? It was a touch burnt. It was still worth every bite. Side note: we ordered the house "best" wine--glad we didn't do the better. For 8.50 best is the way to go. 

Then steak. We wanna know how the hell the chef pulled this off. Strip steak that ate like a filet--cooked perfectly medium rare. And that sauce. That sauce! It's almost a shame that the fries were also so good. 

Finally instead of dessert (a hard decision), we tasted one of the more eclectic drinks--the one with a Thai pepper and ginger--so fun! 

Again really critical here but (and maybe we didn't order the most complimentary things) but but, each dish had a similar note and could have used some different flavors. 

To make a long story short. Eat here. A lot.
I overshot this bar by 4 blocks because it's unassuming and has tiny signage - but I will never miss this blue treasure off South Street.

Got in a little after 5pm on a Saturday night and all of the booths were held for reservations (so protip: make reservations if you want a good table) so we decided to eat at the bar.  I enjoyed watching the bartender mix cocktails while we ate.

The cheese board was EXCELLENT and almost hidden on the menu so don't miss out on this one.  I got the pork frites special and my boyfriend got the duck confit (which the bartender remarked was the right choice) and both were spot on.  Perfectly portioned and obviously made from fresh ingredients.  I'll be dreaming of that meal for a few days.

We also got special cocktails and I had to be careful because it was so good I could have easily sucked down three.  When business picks up for the evening be prepared to wait a minute for your drink - but know they are being made with perfection.

I can't wait to go back to this place and try more of the menu!
Arguably one of the best restaurants in Philly and too many good things to say. I've only been twice but both experiences were exceptional. 

The ambience of the restaurant is subtly dark and quiet, but not to the point where you can't see your menu or overwhelmed by the noise of other patrons. At the same time you can enjoy conversation with your table without worry that people are tuning into your talks. 

To start, the steak tartare is served with fries, instead of bread, that beautifully pair together for an explosion of flavor in your mouth.  

The food and drinks obviously take the cake. I love the menu because you aren't blasted with an insane amount of choices and hope that you pick the right one (spoiler: you can't go wrong with any choice). The burger seems like a normal burger until you bite into it and it's pure, buttery, bliss that you want to savor every second of. I tried the duck of the day for the first time and it had to have been the best duck I've ever had. Duck is something that I usually won't order from restaurants because it's never cooked right, but that's not the case here. Even better, the steak frites is always a safe bet. It's covered with an herbed butter and bordelaise that demands a need to know the recipe. Get everything cooked to house recommendations and you won't be sorry. 

On top of everything, I think we tried every cocktail and each was equally delicious. They put a great spin on some classics and whatever you pick is a great decision. 

I didn't take any pictures because I was too excited to dive in to my food, but rest assured that you won't leave hungry or dissatisfied.
This is my newest favorite restaurant tavern. The food is fabulous with tasty and beautiful sauces that don't clog your arteries (at least that's what I tell myself). I love the variety and ordered 3 different things that tantalized my tastebuds and widened my eyes. All food, yummy. Ask if it's fried if that's an issue for you. I even loved the music!!
Went here over the weekend for an late lunch/early dinner, when we were having lovely 70+ degree weather, and we sat outside, which was really nice.  

The service was good, attentive without being overly pushy. This may sounds silly, but one thing that I notice is if I run out of water and it takes a while for a server to notice, especially if it is a place with smaller water glasses like at Good King, but here our waitress was very on top of things and kept bringing us water bottles for refilling.

The food was excellent, and I felt well priced for the quality of the meal. Our waitress was also very knowledgeable and able to answer our questions about the specials and other unique items on the menu. I also really liked the atmosphere of the place, it had a touch of upscale without being snobby. 

Overall a very good experience and I would definitely go back.
This tiny place is overrated and way too loud to even hear anything at all.

Food was just okay (a bit salty) and pricey for the small portions.  We ordered  a couple of appetizers and several entrees.

We made reservations and still had to wait 30 minutes.  Parking is abysmal.

Overall, I would not come back EVER for the poor value and also since there are so many other awesome restaurants in a 3 mile radius.
This place might just have the best Burger in Philadelphia. I eat a lot of burgers and this might be it. They also have a descent beer list. Atmosphere is nice & cozy. Last night was my first time here and I can not wait to go back and have another burger!
Looking for a new restaurant to take your friends to? it's going to be here. 

When you walk in there is an immediate buzz and a very neighborhood feel to the bar and narrow seating that opens to a larger dimly lit room that feels of being inside an old Victorian home matched up with a French Gastropub. 

As for food, this place is damn good and the inspirations are clearly from personal travel by the staff to France. 

We started the meal with the meat board: sausage, a pate, and duck confit. There were a variety of jams and cheeses and sliced baguette that made the board to match up the meat with. We fought for the last bites. 

Grilled octopus over baby arugula with a lemon vinegarette. Tasted like a Mediterranean cookout. Divine. 

The burger with frites and an aioli on the side will hit all your guilty pleasure notes and leave you satisfied. 

Steak seared properly with frites leaves little to be desired. 

Sausage hand crafted and inspired from France. 

Finally get the trout, comes in a light glaze with a variety of veggies. Satisfaction. 

Wash this all down with an old fashioned or another specialty cocktail and you're good to go. 

Leave room for the chocolate brulee infused with butterscotch hazelnut brittle. 

The Good King gets a 5 star yelp crown.
The food is really good here but the "hipster vibe" is just too much.  

Deviled eggs with duck are amazing, a slight citrus highlight over the rich shredded duck...if only the egg itself wasn't served soo cold, it would have been a 10/10 if the egg white was at least room temperature.

Mixed green salad consisted of wilted and slimey lettuce tossed in a pungent mustard vinegarette with two small pieces of goat cheese on bread...not sure what's "tossed" here as there was nothing else in the salad...def avoid ordering this (and at $6 is barely a side salad's worth).

Croque madam has the same pungent mustard dressing ontop and a strange onion mixture. The frisee  salad in the side was browning and slightly wilted and the eggs yolk was cooked all the way through.  Overall, the dish didnt' really work.
We decided to try this restaurant because it ranked 23rd on Philadelphia Magazine's 2019 "50 Best Restaurants in Philadelphia". Unfortunately, aside from the wonderful service, not much was to our liking. 

We started with the "Cheese Board", which was fairly bland. We moved on to the "Swiss Chard Croquettes", which my wife enjoyed, but I did not. For dinner, my wife and I both had the "Steak Frites". The steak itself was well prepared, but the portion was small. Finally, the "frites". They tasted as if someone had dumped an entire container of Morton's Salt on top of them. The hostess brought us a new batch of fries, but we were both done at that point. And to her credit, she did buy us a round of drinks.
This is my heaven in Philly.  This is my eat ramen all month then GO CRAZY place.  I was once feeling really gluttonous and gorged here three times in a week... don't do this.   The food is rich and delicious, the seafood is especially good and the wine is to die for.  Go cray on dat fancy shit. GET DA GOUT!
But seriously, very special whites and reds.  Less than spectacular escargot.  My favorite cheese and charcuterie plates for flavor and value.  Your boring friends will love the french fries.
I'm getting thirsty and hungry just thinking about reviewing my visit to Good King.

The food was great. Though I felt the cheese plate was perhaps somewhat on the pricey side. The steak-frites smelled so good when someone else nearby was served that I had to have it. It was just as yummy as it smelled. 

The bartenders were awesome and kept us flush with good spirits. I'm a beer drinker, but I tasted some of my buddy's drinks and they were very good.

The atmosphere and staff was just fun and inviting and I'll definitely return.
I wish this place were closer to my house! When you walk in, it's energy screams dive bar. Then you see what's coming out of the kitchen and you know this place takes it's food seriously. It's just the sort of place that every neighborhood needs. 

I like their not-to-serious approach to wine ordering- good, better, best- especially since I often don't take my wine-ordering too seriously either. We scoped out the diners' plates around us and asked the waitress for her favorites to narrow things down, but everything looked delicious. We settled on the socca with ratatouille, the French onion soup, the octopus, the TGK burger, and the chocolate pot de creme. 

The socca and the chocolate pot de creme were my favorite dishes. I loved the earthiness of the socca, and the veggies in the ratatouille were just soft enough to make for the perfect spread. The pot de creme was more pudding-like than what I think of when I think of a pot de creme, but it was near ramekin-licking good. It made for a perfect shared dessert as my boyfriend scraped away the top butterscotch layer while I dug deep for the chocolatey goodness. 

The octopus was charred and tender, just the way I like it, but the portion was teensy. The soup and burger were very good, but just not as interesting as the others. 

Good food, good times, and good vibes is what this place is about.
I came here as a visitor to Philly and I love places like this. The Good King Tavern has a  local pub/dive feel to it and was really welcoming and comforting. The crowd and bartenders were chill and friendly. 

I ordered the French onion soup, which hit the spot on that cold night. Their Spicy Octopus appetizer was even better. The octopus was perfectly grilled with the chili marinade and the spiciness was enough that it didn't overpower the flavor of the octopus. My Sazerac cocktail was delicious. 

Check out the chalkboards posted for their specials.
It doesn't get any better than this neighborhood gem!!!! Every single dish I have tasted here was delicious.  My favorite dishes are the Arugula Endive Salad and the Felafel Pattie. Falafel was a surprise to see on the menu but the dish is actually very complex with a spicy yogurt sauce and pickled beets, complete with a side of pomme frites (aka fries). 

The atmosphere is very welcoming and warm.  Music selection adds to the inviting and comforting setting. White linen napkins on the table give it an extra touch to make you feel special dinning there. Servers are friendly and the  kitchen team is very talented. The daily menu has a lot of great options but their Executive Chef Paul Lyons creates daily specials that add to the delicious choices. 

Must try drink: French 75 - Trust me - I get this every. single. time. 

A bonus is the location off of South Street because it's quite when seated outside but still around a lot of buzz so easy to walk to from Center City or Queens Village. I live very close so I get the luxury of walking here and visit as often as I can. See you soon, Good King!
My partner and I recently revisited GKT (he was craving steak frites, where better to go?), and had a completely lovely experience! This time we were seated in a booth in the front room - right by the front door (but no draft!), across from the bar. The booth gave us enough privacy and space that we could talk comfortably, even though the noise/energy level is still pretty high (in a good way). On the way back to the restroom we both noticed how tight the tables in the back room are (especially when there's a stroller???), so will always request a booth when making reservations! 

We had: 

* A "better" bottle of red - again, a great deal and a decent wine. 

* A special preparation of the escargot, with garlic, parsley, lemon, capers. WONDERFUL. Our waiter mentioned that the chef is considering making this the standard menu preparation, and we wholeheartedly agree! (No grittiness this time, and the bread on the side was the perfect portion for dipping in the amazing sauce!)

* My partner had the steak frites, which was cooked perfectly and just as tasty as ever! HUGE pile of fries, and decent portion of steak (smaller than I had remembered, but good for one person). 

* I had the duck, which was amazing. The preparation of the day was duck breast on a bed of mushrooms, leafy greens, and a kind of shoestring potatoes, with a (red wine?) reduction. I was worried that I would regret not getting the steak frites, but the duck was incredible - great cook, great flavor, and again, perfect (not too huge) portion size. 

Just a note on service - we felt very at home from the moment we entered until the moment we left. Service was attentive but not overbearing. Dishes came out at a nice pace. We really felt that everyone we interacted with wanted to make sure we were enjoying our night! (We did have to ask our waiter both for the wine descriptions AND later on about the duck preparation, but that's not huge. I think there's an overwhelming amount of information that he was entrusted with - the specials, wines, duck prep, etc. - and he did a good job of providing us the information in small doses instead of all at once, which would have been too much to take in.) 

Overall, GKT is becoming one of our favorite places for a fun & tasty dinner!
Really enjoyed our dinner at Good King Tavern last night. The difference between Chicks and the now Good King upon entry is immediate. Its lively! With Chicks I always felt like I was walking into an eatery of bygone era that was ready to board-up shop...oh wait...

But now the inside is intimate, buzzing, and lively with upbeat music yet still very casual. Its kind of the perfect balance. The service was great and attentive. They leave a water filled bottle on your table adding to that laidback, neighborhood vibe. Onto the food...amazing. The escargot was great, the octopus was tender although not spicy as it was advertised. The croque monsieur was excellent with perfect in-house made bologna and caramelized onions. The frites were also very good with the aioli, although they could have been a bit more crisp. OH! the brussel sprouts with Chevrolet, hazelnuts, and basil pommade...amazing! I could get three orders and just eat them as an entree! 

The bottom line is this is a perfect new addition to the neighborhood with solid, affordable, french inspired cuisine, a solid beer list, and great environment whether at a table or at the cozy bar. I look forward to many return visits. All hail the Good King!
Used to LOVE this place.  It was our favorite go to restaurant for mid week dinners and brunch.  Some time back though they lost their way.  And I do so hope they can get it back.  It is truly a cozy, quaint, and friendly atmosphere.  The service is really top notch.  

It's the food that brings this place down from my previous 5 star rating to 2!!  And at the end of the day, no amount of charm and great service is going to keep me coming back.  May try it again in a year or so, but not happening anytime soon.  Three strikes and you are out!!

So, what went wrong this last time you ask?  Let me count the ways.  

First up, I ordered the pork confit.  Price around $22.  I have no problem with that except my meat was dry dry dry and flavorless.  How can that be after sitting in fat for hours on end?  Dunno.  Next up, my wife has been jones'n for soft shell crab since moving back East from SF.  It was luckily on the menu a few weeks ago, a bit pricey at $24, but hey, not egregious.   Except....that it was for one (1) ONE crab, and was basically a $24 appetizer, and the flavor in no way compensated for the fact that it was a complete rip off.  Lastly, to the staff's benefit, when I took one bite of my pork, and told them it was tasteless and dry they did not question me, and immediately took it back and replaced it with my second choice, the steak and frites.  

I have had that dish there numerous times, and I like it, but I have never loved the demi-glace sauce they put over it.  Always thought it was overkill for a nicely seasoned steak, but that's just me and I accept that.  Except this last time around the demi-glace tasted like it was right out of a can.  And actually more like canned gravy.  And lastly the last few times we've been in the salad was way over dressed.  Not enough to be a show stopper, but in light of the multiple fails a few weeks ago, and a few before that, it must be mentioned.  

Best of luck Good King Tavern, I will welcome you back when you get back to your previous fantastic self.
The total package.

I had a very enjoyable dinner with friends this past Saturday evening. Our server (Patrick) was attentive without being overbearing, knowledgeable, and proved to be patient with what I freely admit is my odd ability to drink more water than a camel after a marathon. The owner (Chloe) stopped by our booth to see how our meal went and was happy to answer a few of our questions about the room.

A round of their specialty cocktails* started the meal off in good form. The spicy octopus and cheese plate to start was a great decision. Entree's were the Morteau Sausage and the Croque Monsieur. Hearty, delicious, and served (both) with delicious au gratin potatoes.

I was too full for dessert, but the apple tart my cavernously-stomached friend enjoyed was reportedly great.

I can't wait to take my Francophile parents here to prove how "in" my city knowledge is. Upon revisiting, I'll add another review with their feelings on the wine quality, which I can't speak to but is certainly an important piece of French dinner spot.


Come here. You will not be disappointed. 




*Cocktails tried
Sazerac: excellent
French 75: good
Old Fashioned: excellent
Rum Punch: excellent
Had been to TGK a bunch of times for drinks  - but had dinner for the first time last night.  Terrific cozy ambience, very friendly servers, excellent food and great drinks.  and the kids were happy.

Monkfish skewers were amazing as were the moules frites, croque monsieur and sausage.  Burger was ok.

all in all - just a great neighbourhood place.  definitely going back soon.
Came here a couple weeks back and totally forgot about it already.  Usually when I do that I throw the place three stars and say it wasn't memorable.  But when I looked back at the menu, remembered what I ate and drank, I was reminded "oh yeah, I need to go back there!".

The good:
- Wine - Love the "good, better, best" approach to glasses and bottles.  They go $20-$25-$30 for a bottle so even if you get the "best" you're spending less than most restaurants charge.  Was the wine any good, do I know what I was drinking?  Yes, I actually enjoyed the "better" pinot noir I had, especially for $25 a bottle.  I don't really care what brand it was.  More places should do this.
- Steak - I had the Diane, my girlfriend the frites.  Hit the freakin' spot.  Both under $20 and plenty of food to satisfy even a big boy like myself on a Friday night (the 3 glasses of wine helped too).

The not so good...but really not that bad.
- Service - bristly.  The words the waitress was saying were nice but the WAY she said them wasn't particularly.  Get what I mean?
- Steak - I thought you said it was good!  No no, I said it hit the spot...but was a little gristly.  Which is OK for a less than $20 steak, but was tough because they didn't offer proper steak knives.

This is a solid spot I see myself coming back to many times.  The negatives really weren't that bad, the place was packed yet not overwhelming, and could easily bump to a five star spot.
Awful service, and really disappointing. We live in the neighborhood and braved the storm to have a few drinks. The bartenders were incompetent, hostess was over the top rude, and we were totally surprised with the attitude. Have lived in the city for 20 years, we thought we had seen it all. Apparently not.  everyone in our party had the same impression. Very rude, and I was embarrassed that I had suggested it.
I am generally a fan of this place. I live close, so this place is a very cute spot with location convenience on top of if. Was here on Tuesday, Nov 24. The place has outside service and heaters for each table. The service is good. Bug taking one star off (should have taken more off) for the floor manager or hostess (or someone who looked/appeared as one) on the aforementioned night. She managed to spoil the ever-lasting impression toward the end of the night. The place is listed to be open till 10pm. We were one of two last tables. And it was just a bit after 9 (maybe 9:10-9:15). Mind you we paid, asked our server if it's okay if we finish our drink. He said they were wrapping up but we could stay a bit. To which I responded that we'd leave soon. Again, the place was open till 10pm. And the server confirmed. Next thing we know here storms the aforementioned lady sweeping our last two water glasses nervously reporting that her dishwasher has to go home. a) not our problem, your place is open till 10pm. b) if you choose to let you staff go home early, all you have to do is come to the table, introduce yourself, and COMMUNICATE it. c) I am sorry, but you're not able to wash and disinfect two glasses yourself? 
But that didn't end there, she went ahead and rudely turned the heater off to hint that we should leave. It was exactly 9:28 pm. I looked at the clock. This is rude and I expected better from this place's management. It is a well-known spot in town. 
You can do better than this. I know you can.
Good King Tavern might just be my favorite under the radar spot in Philadelphia. 

The DRINKS. I've never had a cocktail here that wasn't delicious. My favorite is the Penicillin - if you're a ginger lover this is for you. The Apollo and Sazerac are also great choice, the Apollo being refreshing and the Sazerac on the stronger side. They also have a great wine selection both at Good King, and at the Le Caveau, the natural wine bar upstairs. 

The last time I came here we got the duck wings which were OUT OF THIS WORLD. The sauce was amazing and not too spicy. The steak tartare, escargots, and anything that comes with the french fries are also amazing. 

They have an adorable little courtyard you can sit in which has been great during COVID, but I do have to say I miss being able to sit inside at their beautiful bar.
First time at The Good King Tavern. We had an 8:15pm reservation on a Friday night... the place was packed. After reviewing it on Yelp, I was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance and setting in here -- it was super cozy, casual with candlelight but also had great Friday night vibes. (as all the other reviews mentioned they had a great music selection going with all different styles)

We started with the "Better" house wine and it was excellent. I highly recommend doing the house wine route for the deal you get. 

To start, we shared the Crispy Shrimp. They were good but nothing wowing...almost seemed too crispy and burnt but the sauce hidden underneath on the bottom was the best part. 

Entrees wise we decided to split the Steak Frites which were delicious! The dish came with 4 smaller pieces of steak and enough fries to feed a group of 4. Steak was done perfectly just wish there was more of it! Since the special Duck Wings were sold out -- we tried one of the another chalkboard special -- Skate Wing with Quinoa. We were both pleasantly surprised with this dish. Our waitress compared it to a mixture between lobster and scallop but with the bones. 

Overall, great experience. If you've never been before I suggest going earlier in the night by the time we ordered most of the menu items were sold out. Regardless, I can't wait to come back to try the Brunch.
Picked just the right spot for a late lunch/brunch passing through Philly. Ensconced in the cool Bella Vista neighborhood this funky tavern offers fine and unique choices for food and wine. I loved the pork and tomato ragout with excellent slightly crisp and warm baguette spears topped with a boiled egg. My husband's burger was perfectly medium rare and accompanied by wonderful fries. The wines offered by the glass were out of the ordinary and delicious. The service was helpful and professional.
Adorable take on tavern fare that makes for a great neighborhood spot/date place. Everything here is cute and compact, from the small yet efficiently-packed space to the carefully arranged plates. I've tried the chickpea pancake and the falafel platter so far, and both dishes had great flavors. What prevents GKT from being a 5-star spot for me is the fact that they're a bit heavy-handed with the salt. I am not particularly sensitive to these things, and the fact that I noticed it means the food was definitely over-salted.
This place has the BEST cheese board I've ever had. The cheeses are great, obviously, but the cheese board shines because of the accompaniments. The board comes with bread, fruit, honey, and some kind of sweet nutty spread. It is a perfect meal, giving you some salty and sweet and stinky. It's excellent. 

The other food here is also great. They have specials everyday and they always are changing. The wine list is excellent. Service is decent. Nothing special. 

I had an amazing creme brûlée once here, too. I wish it was permanently available.
Ate here for the first time this week and it was excellent. Very cozy place with friendly staff. Ordered the steak frites and it was the best steak I have had in a very long time; the caramelized onions were delish. Looking forward to another visit asap.
Was there Saturday night, very disappointed. We used to stop by here a lot last year and it was a local gem, but the menu changed, unfortunately. 
1. found out that they took the Parmesan truffle fries off the menu-- that was what we came back for! 
2. Steak tartare was not good: steak did not taste fresh and had a sauce which was kind of sour and did not compliment the tartare, and fries were bad, they weren't hot or crispy, kind of dry. I was hoping that the fries would be crispy and hot to add a contrast in texture to the tartare, but nope.
3. Duck confit was a bit dry, nothing special. 
Overall, we will not be going back. It was a waste of money and Saturday night.
On a recommendation, I stopped in for sardinettes (cornmeal crusted sardines) and a glass of rosé. It was the perfect snack and a great first impression. I really liked the service, the music, the vibe in general. I'll be back soon for lunch or dinner and next time I'll bring a friend.
We loved this place!  The bartender was very attentive and knowledgable on  all of the cocktails which were excellent.  My fiancé had the frog legs and I had the cheese plate which were very good.  We will be back!
Everything was great.  Grilled octopus, socca, deviled eggs, fava beans and mushrooms!! Fantastic!!  One more thing... The service was excellent - knowledgable, attentive, friendly, efficient!
The service was phenomenal, as the waiter(s) were attentive in my food and drink needs.  I sat outside on a recent Saturday as a party of 3, and ordered a variety of light eats off the menu.  The octopus was cooked to perfection, though I would have liked some additions to the salad to make the arugula more flavorful.  The english pea croquettes were a delightful surprise.  The escargot was also well rounded, as it was served with a nice toasted bread.  My friends shared the duck confit and a fish off their long specials menu, and we ate such much there was no room for dessert. I plan to frequent this neighborhood gem often, hidden just off of South St.  Next time though, I would plan on trying their dessert menu!
Fantastic brunch last weekend. Love the drink menu and house wine selection of "Good" "Better" and "Best".

We ordered a ton of food and it was all fantastic. The octopus, beef tartare, croque madame were all amazing.
My husband, our friends and I had such a wonderful experience at The Good King Tavern on Saturday! Standouts included the escargot, socca, brussel sprouts and steak frites. The warm atmosphere and delicious food was reminiscent of some of my favorite casual eateries in Paris. Such a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
Finally tried the food, after hearing so many people rave about it.  My final thoughts? Good, but not dying to go back.  

We started off with the warm winter salad, which itself was five stars.  Amazing taste and the celery root dressing was to die for.  

For entree's, I had the steak frites.  The steak was buttery and tasty, the fries I felt were way too salty for my liking.  My husband had the duck, which I wish I had ordered, as it was delicious, albeit a little salty (and we are people who LOVE salt!).

Overall, I wouldn't necessarily recommend Good King for the food, but if people were looking for a place to grab some cocktails, Good King is a definite win.
Boy, oh boy, do I have a great brunch spot for you to check out! The Good King Tavern opened right around January 2014 in the Bella Vista neighborhood, but this charming brasserie has only been serving brunch for about a couple months now. It's a total hidden gem and I'm sure that the Sunday brunch line will be around the block soon enough, but before it happens you should get over there and feast on their special brunch items, and even try out some of the regular menu items as well. 

We started out with a few openers, the escargots, spicy octopus, and the lobster deviled eggs (from the brunch chalkboard.) EVERYTHING was delicious but the hit was the octopus, which was perfectly cooked and amazingly flavorful. The coffee is served in a small or large French press and we opted for the large coffee with a side of Bloody Mary's. 

After our openers left us in a culinary coma, our main entrees came out. I opted for the Open Faced Croque Madame which came loaded up with pork, cheese, a fried egg and a mustard mornay sauce. My other companions ordered the poached eggs with sausage, and the omelette with ratatouille and baguette. Everything was incredible. We really stopped talking for a solid 10 minutes as we privately indulged in our own plates. We finished off the meal by sharing the pot de creme which exceeded all of my wildest expectations. 

Since our first visit we've been back and had a chance to try the Duck Confit, which is out of this world. 

I'll definitely be back for future brunches and would even try it out for dinner too!
I write this review after eating the French onion soup on a freezing winter night-seriously the best I've ever had. Just get it, then get a second bowl. 

I have been here for date night, casual drinks, and to entertain out of town guests. Every time it hits the spot. The food and decor are refined yet comfortable

The French pub thing really works. The menu has a great mix of options to please everyone. Escargot and frog legs for the adventurous, solid burger and ridiculously good fries for the more reserved. The chefs here know their stuff, I've had most of the items and have never been upset. 

Wine and beer lists are great for the average diner, good diversity of options. Cocktails are on point. I recommend the Poirette-bourbon, all spice, really nice in the winter. 

Service is always solid. Attentive and relaxed, fits the vibe if TGKT.
Just finished a Valentine's Day dinner here with my husband and everything was absolutely delicious. Amazing ambiance and decor. Great music. We were really blown away by the food and service. One of Philly's best kept secrets.
One of the best bars in Philly!!! Every drink we had was great, especially le diable, the clover club and the zombie. The ambiance is so warm and the bar tender was very friendly. Haven't tried the food yet but hoping to go back!
POT DE CREME; order it. die happy. 

Finally could have a drink this time and managed to have an old fashioned and it was a very solid full flavored cocktail. 

Grilled octopus, eggplant 3 ways, cheese board to lose your mind to with salty savory goodness, frites, mussels in a nice light red sauce, don't forget to end with the pot de creme; from the person who doesn't order or really eat desserts, it is a must.
I came here a few weeks ago with a friend and we shared brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had, but also probably some of the unhealthiest (I wont' describe it since a picture will probably be a better source of explanation). I got the house made falafel for an entree. It wasn't bad but it didn't blow me away either. I'd definitely had better (and for cheaper).

Dessert was bread pudding with lavender ice cream. I thought it was very good but I'm also a sucker for anything sweet (the ice cream was not significantly lavender-y). 

Overall it was kind of underwhelming. I wasn't outraged because the prices were reasonable and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but I won't be coming back for the food if I do come back.
I had visited Good King Tavern a while ago for drinks and snacks, so I as eager to make a trip back for a proper meal. We were in a grazing mood, so we stuck to their openers and small places. The specials board was calling to us, and the duck hearts in particular were quit delicious, but the highlight was the grilled artichoke off of their regular menu. The accompanying smoked shallot aioli was the kind of sauce that you want to slather every sandwich in and maybe use as a face cream or something. Heaven. Their cocktail menu is thoughtful (Le Diable is a highlight) as well as their rotating wine selection. The ambiance is definitely a big selling point at Good King - this is a great date place.
So myself and a couple of friends were going to go to Nomad Pizza last night but it was Monday and they are closed on Mondays (I guess chefs need to take a break once and a while right?). It was cold and we needed somewhere else to go. 

"Oh" my friend said, "Look, some people came out of Chick's". 

"But Chicks is closed"

"What is that place? There is no sign or anything..."

So , we went in. We found a very cozy tavern type place and we sat down at a booth. Soon enough a pleasant server came over and gave us some menus and told us they had just opened about a month ago. 

There was no name on the menu either, but at the bottom was the name of the chef : Paul Lyons. I recognized the name, googled it and remembered that he was the chef at Barbuzzo. 

"Oh, this may be pretty good" said I.

I was correct. 

The food was quite impressive. It is kind of a Mediterranean thing with French influences. We had a bunch of plates (all appetizer sized) : 

Socca : A+, the bread things were amazing and the Ratatouille (ahh, so that's what it is) was awesome!
Brussel Sprouts : Also quite good. The preperation is less burned than most and one would think that would be a bad thing but this worked. This plate I will order many more times in the future.
Octopus : This was a great dish, made even better by the Skate Balls (the best thing I ate all night.. more please!)
Eggplant : Tasty ... I didn't have much of this since my friends shared it till it was gone
Stuffed Bell Pepper : My friend loved that this was only $8.. Apparently a very good deal.  I liked it, but not as much as the other plates

French Dip  : This was more of a full entree size and it was a bit of a let down after all of the other plates. It wasn't bad at all but it wasn't special in any way except the Ciabatta bread. Otherwise it was kind of cheezesteak like.

For dessert I got this amazing chocolate thing. I forget the name but it was not unlike the thing you desire at barbuzzo (I forget that name too).

Overall it was quite good. The service was really friendly but a bit slow. To be fair, the place was packed.

Go here.
Excellent food , cocktails atmosphere and service   Very cozy. Recommend for a date or girls night
Went back for food.  Service was great and food was good but it's not going to be a go to place for dinner for us.  I had the duck confit which was very good and my wife had the steak frites which I enjoyed more than she did, but it wasn't very stand outish to either of us.  

This would be somewhere I'd recommend for drinks but won't be a standard dinner recommendation.

Also, word of warning, I like salty food and they put a bunch on theirs.  I liked it but I think most people wouldn't.
I love this restaurant! Every Time I go I get the cheese board, and the server takes their time to explain what each item is. Different and incredible every time. I love how the wines are listed as "good,better, best." Great beer AND wine selections and awesome rotating specials. The servers are professional and helpful, they seem to really know the menu.
Dinner on Saturday night at the GKT was good, but not seamless. 3.5 stars, really. 

Food: 4 stars. 
* Escargot were tasty, the sauce was amazing mopped up with some baguette. But a couple were gritty/sandy, not pleasant. 
* Cheese board was amazing. All four selections were delicious, and pretty mild (the BF would have liked the blue in particular to be a bit funkier). Accoutrements were great additions - apple, honey, unusual black grapes, quince. Really well done, would come back for this alone!
* Burger was cooked perfectly & tasty, side salad had a nice mustardy dressing. 
* Steak frites (which we saw on EVERY table) was also well cooked, and the steak was one of the best we've had lately. Fries were not typical frites - more like traditional french fries than the thin super crispy frites we expected. 

Atmosphere: 3 stars. 
The GKT has a dark, intimate environment. BUT... was seriously loud. And tables were uncomfortably close. Not great for a date night, our conversation was limited to the food (and there was a lot of "what?", "I can't hear you", etc.). Typically we would eat at the bar (we had reservations instead, though), and the bar was crowded, loud, and a bit douche-y. 

Service: 2 stars. 
Now, our waitress may have had an off night, but there were some serious misses here. We heard the "better" red described as a grenache blend, but the table next to us were told it was a cote du rhone? Entrees were brought while our cheese board was still present (and we were still working on it), a little rushed. Our waitress did not offer ketchup or aioli with the steak frites, although the table next to us (with a different waiter) did receive that offer. And we waited almost 10 minutes after the bill was brought for her to pick up our card (which she never did). We ended up leaving cash and walking away. Strange discrepancies. 

Still, food was good and priced reasonably, and we may be back.
This is my chosen birthday dinner spot for one big reason, the duck confit. It is what my dreams are made of. I love the atmosphere as well. It transports you, especially if you have the pleasure of speaking with one of the owners in particular. I also tried escargot here for the first time which was great, though I think you could put anything in that sauce and it would become great. If you find yourself in Philly and want to experience real authentic French comfort food this is the place to go. I just wish I could go more then once a year.
Not really worth the trouble. Went there for my wife's birthday, The food was mediocre at best. 

For appetizer we had the crispy chickpeas and the socca. It was good but nothing to write home about.  For entree I had the lamb, which was quite tough. I really did not enjoy it and couldn't bring myself to finish it. My wife had the duck confit. It was ok, but not a "wow" experience.

The service was good, which is why I give it two stars.
Neighborhood bar is an understatement for this place. It is cozy for date night, but casual enough for an early dinner with the kids. The menus is adventurous but not overly fussy. Lastly you can get a good, solid, constant cocktail. And the bartenders specials are often surprisingly good. 
Standouts on the menus are: the grilled octopus. Duck leg confit and Steak frites, ask for the house aioli, it's magic with the frites
Leave room for the chocolate pot de cream and a glass of the house Bordeaux  you will not be disappointed.
The Good King Tavern is a hidden treasure in the city! It sort of blends in with the block, which added to the cozy experience. I went for lunch last week with a friend of mine and we sat outside. The waitress was particularly friendly and very informative about both the drink and food menus. My friend got a mimosa which had a creamy twist on it while still tasting refreshing. I had a cocktail recommended by the waitress- "L'imposteur." This too, was very refreshing with a fresh, herbal quality. My favorite part of the drink menu is the wine grid. YES a wine grid- Who ever said a pivot table could only be used in the workplace? The wine is categorized "Good, Better, and Best," "red or white," and  "glass or pichet (750 mL bottle)." Whether you are using this to facilitate your decision making or closing your eyes and pointing to wherever your finger lands, this grid is fabulous.  

As far as the food, everything was delicious. The deviled eggs topped with duck were delctable- I highly recommend these as an appetizer if available. We also got the Socca (chickpea pancakes) served with a delicious ratatouille. Those were good. The croque monsieur was to die for- house cured ham and melted gruyere grilled to perfection- perfect if you are very hungry! The sandwich was served with a light salad which complimented the rich sandwich. 

The overall aura of the Good King Tavern was cozy and welcoming. The French bistro infleunce was on point.
A hidden gem! Good place for a reasonably priced casual dinner with friends - especially if you're more inclined towards drinking than eating. 

We had a group and the center high top was perfect for us to enjoy each other's company over a bit of Belgian/French food and beer.
This little place has a great cozy neighborhood feel, and the atmosphere is energetic yet relaxed.  I went here to catch up with a girlfriend last night, a Tuesday - and it was packed when we arrived at 7:30 and was still bustling when we left at 9:30.  I'd highly recommend making reservations since it seems that the word is out!

I tried one of the daily white wines - the picpoul - while my DP opted for one of the daily reds.  The wines were reasonably priced and very good, as I would expect from a French-inspired tavern!  I'm anxious to return to sample their cocktail offerings, too.

We split the brussel sprouts with goat cheese and hazelnuts for an appetizer.  The goat cheese seemed a little scarce, and the entire dish was VERY garlicky.  I am a huge garlic lover, so this wasn't an issue for me, but just know that when ordering.

I had the duck confit with fingerling potatoes, served with frisee and a somewhat-spicy aioli, and the duck was perfectly cooked with a bit of crunch on the outside and beautifully presented.  I would definitely order that again.  My DP had the moules frites, and from what I sampled of the red sauce, it was tasty!

Great service, although I agree with a comment from a previous review that they seem a bit eager.  Our server came to our table multiple times before we had much time to look at the menu and interrupted our conversation nearly a half-dozen times to check on how things were tasting.  Although - we were quite a chatty pair and it might have been difficult for him to magically appear at the table when one of us came up for air ;)

Excellent addition to the Bella Vista neighborhood and I'll definitely be returning!
Seriously get here soon before the word gets out because once it does it'll be impossible to find a seat. The ambiance is so cute and very warm and welcoming. It's great for date night, girls night or a place to take your parents when they visit. My boyfriend and I came this past Monday prepared to stuff our faces. I could go on and on about how amazing each dish was but it would take an eternity!
Highlights:
Spicy octopus, mushroom croquettes, Brussel sprouts, MEAT BOARD(all made in house), frog legs, escargot, sweet breads
And they also have desserts. We tried the apple tart and bread pudding which both came with homemade ice creams. (apple tart-lavender ice cream and bread pudding-brown butter ice cream)
They have a great drink list as well. Nice beer line up, classic French cocktails and wines! I honestly can not wait to go back here and it is now officially my go to spot!
Lovely vibe but my meal was disappointing. House whites were a step above Barefoot. (They offer house wines in three grades, good/better/best, and best was not so great.) Steak quality was below par. If the color gray was a flavor, that would describe the meat. The menu called my dessert chocolate but what I was served was drenched in caramel - tell me that before I order it.
This was a family outing. Grandma, mom, dad, college kid and two high schoolers. 
We enjoyed the evening. The server was great, explaining the dining options well and being very attentive and friendly. The food was very good, with interesting options to explore. The atmosphere was relaxed and upbeat. 

Only slight asterisk is I would have liked more menu options.
This place opened about a month ago right around the corner from me, and I have been twice and have loved it both times. The food is reasonable and they have a good selection of wine, beers, and champagne.  The service is impeccable and the ambiance is warm and inviting. 

The first time I went it was with a group, and we ordered several things from the menu and shared. Everything was amazing. The second time I went I was with my boyfriend and we both ordered the steak frites and escargot. The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were perfectly crisped, which went perfectly with my champagne.  The escargot was buttery and delicious. 

I am looking forward to this restaurant being in the neighborhood and dining there more often!
What a delicious dinner. Among the five of us we tasted five entrees and had a wonderful Monday night.  Cocktails were tasty. Nothing with brown butter is ever bad. Definitely a place we will come back to.
Easily one one of the best meals I've had in Philly. The Onion Soup is the best French onion style soup I've ever had. Sooooo good. My hubby had the Salad Verit, The Steak Frites were delicious and the Creme Brûlée was outstanding! I was also digging the 70s/80s R&B music :)

Can't wait to come back and try brunch.
One of the most overrated restaurants in Philly based on my experience. I've been here twice and was disappointed both times. The last time I had dinner with 4 people and all of us had something wrong with a dish. The recommended wine was not good. The fries were soggy. The steak was tough, chewy and came out sliced the wrong way (given the cut, should have been sliced against the grain, not with the grain). Maybe those were off nights for them, but there are too many good restaurants in this neighborhood for me to risk ever coming back.
I expected more.  I had been previously to have drinks and was impressed enough to come back.  On the second visit, the cocktails remained very well executed.  However, the food leaves room for improvement.  I went with a large group.  The server recommended the cheese and meat platters.  These were good.  While I enjoy pate and other spreadable meats, the meat plate could use more hard meats/deli slices.  We also ordered the octopus, which I found to be subpar.  For a main entree, I order the croque monsieur, which was overdone and very dry.  My partner got the falafel, which was not impressive at all.  

Overall, the place is a solid 3.  It would probably more of a 2, but because of the prices being reasonable, I'll give it a 3.  I'll only be back for cocktails.
Good King was a good choice for gift exchange with me and my main hoe a few weeks back. Since we were going to be hoping bars we wanted something in the neighborhood that offered wine and some snacks to get us started.
Order the sprouts you won't be sorry, The frites left something to be desired. Im very much anti limp things and these were the saddest, limpest fries i have ever had. We continued to eat them as the night progressed and the glasses of wines on our tab grew, drinks did not make them taste better and drinks tend to make things better in general.  I probably won't order these again. The house wines sit along a window seal and are un labeled ( sort of sketch ) but for 7.00 a glass it was very drinkable. 
Id come back for those sprouts and wine since the cocktail list looked a little meh and the house whiskey is rittenhouse rye blahhhh not good. Our bartender was super friendly and knew a lot about the "new" space.
This is such a reasonably priced/amazing food quality tavern in the heart of Queens Village! It's a small space with a few outdoor tables... But it is definitely not a dive. The place is so inviting inside with bright colors, numerous chalkboard displays explaining the specials and other notable menu items and an amazing wait staff.

I took my girlfriend here because she loves places with a french twist and i was craving a really good burger. We didn't make reservations but got lucky on a Friday around 7:30 to get a table (the last open table I saw). Our waiter (I forget his name) was so kind and friendly - really added to the experience with helping us with our novice questions and general good humor. We had the chicken liver special appetizer and the socca board to start. The meat and cheese boards were suggested but we really didn't need that much food. The gf loved the chicken liver spread - I liked this too but it's just not my usual thing as I'm more of the go to italian place and get a calamari or bruschetta type app. It was very good quality though, even as good as Parc near Rittenhouse but at a fraction of that price. The socca board was also delicious - they actually handmade this so it will always take 15 minutes from the time you order this app.

I had the TGK burger (medium - and it was cooked to perfection) and my gf had the falafel. Both were big quantities with great quality and plenty of fries to accompany it all. To top off the amazing atmosphere and tasty food, the bar has Kenzinger on draft. Do yourself the favor and skip the expensive different IPAs ($5 to $7.50 each) and go with the always $3 Kenzinger that has a great taste while remaining light enough to drink as you devour multiple apps and an entree. We were too full for dessert but I have no doubt it would have been amazing. This place was a great date spot for a couple looking for a different take on tavern food.
When you walk in, it smells like butter. Worth 5 stars right there!! But really, eat and drink here beucase you will leave happy and satisfied. Octopus is awesome, perfectly spicy and tender. Great atmosphere and wonderful staff. You won't be disappointed!
Up there as a best French restaurant in philly. Steak was incredibly tasty, and the dessert was out of this world.
Disappointed in this place. If you consider yourself a French restaurant, you really have to make a decent steak frites. What I received was sliced beef medallions in a canned mushroom sauce. The beef (which I think was a London broil) was overdone and way too salty. It would also help if they turned down the hipster vibe and smiled once in a while too.
So it's 2018 and I'm screwed... I'm starting a Whole30 diet and I will miss out on the best preparation of muscles I have ever had. The muscles at The Good King Tavern Served with a grilled baguette, crispy shallots, and garlic cream is life changing. Lump fresh muscles and velvety garlic cream and the crunch of crispy shallots is unbeatable. Pair with a glass of French bubbly and it is last meal worthy. See you on the other side GKT. And keep if the amazing work!!!
Extremely noisy on Sat night.
Brussel sprouts , cheese board, and pot de creme--really really good. Otherwise. not so exciting. Steak frites was mostly frites, and the steak was cold.
Wouldn't run back.
