This review uses the word "delicious" many times so if you're looking for "good writing" move on - but if you're looking for amazing food keep reading and tolerate the repetition :).

Food 10/5
Twisted Tail is expensive and the portions are small but everything we ordered was DELICIOUS! My friend ordered the $14 crab cake - it was a good size and was definitely packed with crab but the menu described a dish with what seemed like side items - the "sides" (turnips two different ways and "pepper" (sauce garnish) are "garnishes." It was good but flavor notes were heavy on the pimento which is not my thing for crab cakes but it was still delicious 5/5

I ordered the $13 octopus which came with a small serving of green beans - a true portion of beans  but the octopus tentacle (yes ONE) was small and I finished it in three small bites. Besty had a bite too. We both proclaimed It was the best octopus We've ever tasted- perfectly cooked and flavored! After dinner, we drove by three popular restaurants known for their octopus and I kept saying , "WOW! The octopus was way better than (insert any local, popular Mediterranean restaurant name here) YES IT WAS REALLY THAT DELICIOUS 10/5

Drinks 5/5
Besty ordered a cherry gimlet - she said it was delicious but the serving is small and she said it wasn't very strong. But she did proclaim DELICIOUS. Also they use those really expensive, Italian cherries - i forget the brand name but they're usually $14/jar (if you order that drink you will receive ONE small cherry). 5/5 (even though it's small)

Other notes and notices:
They give you a small bag of complimentary delicious popcorn per table (I guess it is instead of bread service?). My octopus should have included a small slice of smoky toast or good Italian bread to sop up the delicious sauce but it was surprisingly absent.

I saw other (yes here we go again) DELICIOUS-looking items on nearby tables. The crawfish Mac n cheese was definitely shareable and the nearby toddler was flipping out because she loved it - her parents couldn't give her more fast enough it was hilarious! Their eyes were popping - mom , dad, youngin all shared that look of "this is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!" They also ordered other items including the spare ribs (all three ribs looked meaty and cooked beautifully) the ribs were a nice size but this dish has only 3/serving.

Music/atmosphere 
They've live music most nights (8pm) it was a sort of jazzy/New Orleans inspired band last night (Wednesday) and they were great! The restaurant itself is darkly lit but the vibe was laidback cool and homey not fancy. I enjoyed it. 5/5

In summary, I highly recommend Twisted Tail but expect to order more than one item per person if you're even a little bit hungry. If you aren't hungry you can still enjoy the evening because you can just go there to listen to some sweet tunes and enjoy the expensive but high quality bar offerings and plenty of complimentary popcorn :)
This spot was our jam back in the day when it was Kildares. On a tour of of old haunts in honor of my husband's recent birthday we decided to stop by despite being a bit super partial to the old residents. We were actually quite impressed with the renovations and the new vibes! 

The place is super hip and obviously inspired by music. I loved the photos of my old pals Janis and Jimi downstairs, and certainly the guitars and old school blues concert posters on the walls upstairs in the "juke joint". 

We came for date night and enjoyed live music by  Big Soul Chicken band. (Check their site for a listing of upcoming performers.)They were awesome and played their original tunes as well as classics we all know and love. Perfect place to come whether you want it as background music or more of a concert/dancing type of night. 

 While the "juke joint" wasn't nearly as nitty and gritty as the authentic ones I've been to on the back roads in Mississippi and in the south in general, it certainly gave me a bit of that area I desire from time to time. There's not enough live music places in the city in my opinion. Let alone free to enter ones! This place is a great find! 

It's super groovy, dark and sexy feeling up in the juke joint. Lots of candles and even a fireplace. Perfect for a night out with my love! 

The cocktails were awesome and ran about $26 for two before gratuity. We chose the Lynchburg Basil Lemonade (Jack Daniels, Fresh Basil, Homemade Southern Lemonade) and the Black Cherry Gimlet (Black Cherry Vodka, Vanilla, Lime, maraschino Cherry). I honestly cannot choose a favorite! Both were carefully crafted, alcohol filled and absolutely delicious! Whiskey and Bourbon are obviously their specialty and I really loved the barrels scattered about doubling as side tables! The beer list was rather extensive also! 

The menu, like the entire place, is influenced by the South. They have a late night menu, kids menu, brunch, lunch and dinner. We can't wait to return perhaps for brunch with the kids or "social hour" as they call it. There's daily specials during that 5-7pm period with $4 wines, $3 brews and $4-$6 smaller plates. The mushroom and kale salads were calling my name and the crawfish Mac and cheese sounds right up hub's alley. 

Super fun find!! 
Kiosk parking. Lots of spots. There's also an hourly lot under Abbots Square.
My BFF and I went to the Twisted Tail for dinner (Restaurant Week) and wow, was it seriously good. Parking in the area can be a challenge, so if you're driving in, give yourself plenty of time to park. After circling around we stumbled upon a great spot. Great start to the night!

I started with a glass of champagne, because it's a Tuesday - let's celebrate! 

As I mentioned it was restaurant week and what drew me to this menu was the 4 courses, dessert is typically wasted on me so I liked the fact there were 3 courses with savory options. 

1st course - Quail and Smoked Wings - Yes to both! I ordered the quail, it was small, but the pesto was incredible. My BFF ordered the smoked wings. You.must.order these! Tender, smoky, and needs nothing to accompany it. 

2nd course - Foie Gras and Meatballs - I have not had foie gras in a long time. Why? Oh wait, it's not the healthiest option and it's nice to indulge occasionally. The presentation was beautiful and the figs were perfect. The meatballs were tender and good, but I could have eaten 2 more plates of the foie gras.

3rd course - Swordfish and Fried Chicken - I ordered the fish and it was cooked perfectly. I loved the radishes and used it more like a taco. The fried chicken was so stinking tender. The only thing is everything on the plate was fried, it would have used a vegi or starch that wasn't fried to break up the heaviness. But you can't go wrong with it, it's amazing and a very large portion. 

4th course - Remember when I said dessert is lost on me. Not here. I ordered the panna cotta - perfectly set, not too sweet, creamy. Just a perfect way to end the meal. I did also try the beignets and they were great. 

It was a fantastic meal and hit the spot of craving indulgence without walking away hating myself for eating so much. The menu was balanced with options for those who want to watch their waistline along with those who are craving some good comfort food.
Fresh, quality, unique, and varied menu items, outdoor seating, top-notch customer service, and live music; my Twisted Tail experience was 5+ stars. Situated in the South Street Headhouse District, there's no shortage of eats, shopping, and people watching. I can't imagine a better mid-week wind-down than a beautiful, warm evening sitting outside, eating my weight in small plates and chatting with friends - and The Twisted Tail provided just that. Keep in mind, this is not your typical greasy pub-grub menu, but if you're willing to step outside of your comfort taste buds for the sake of freshness and flavor - this place is a good bet.

This place is an ideal spot for a date or small group of friends. There were so many different, unique flavors presented on their short but encompassing menu, and with incredible suggestions from our server we ordered a feast - Spanish Octopus, Lamb Meatballs, Roasted Carrots & Burrata, Big Eye Tuna, and Swordfish. This was the absolute best culinary decision I've made in a while. Instead of coming out all at once, the plates were perfectly timed so we were able to take our time to enjoy flavors and conversation in between. Everything was spectacular. I'd never had octopus, and I was keen to try it. It was very tasty and a better texture than I anticipated. It is daunting to see a giant charred tentacle plated in front of you, but I was able to look past it after my first bite. 
Everything was excellent, but my two favorite dishes (I can't pick just one!!!) were the burrata and the swordfish. The burrata and carrots was rich but light, flavorful in all the right ways. The swordfish was juicy, buttery, and cooked to absolute perfection served with snap peas that looked and tasted like they were freshly picked. 

The live music, the warm breeze and outdoor seating, and the incredible service of the wait staff made for an incredible evening. To top the cherry, I got 15% off of our food bill thanks to simply checking-in on yelp! My friends and I polished five incredible plates of quality food for $60 - split three ways for $20 apiece. Honestly, it feels like robbery. 

I cannot WAIT until my next visit to The Twisted Tail. I've been told they rotate their menus with the seasons, so I'll be sure to try new things next time I visit (along with the burrata).
Run of the mill - just didn't have the TWIST that I was looking for! I went here with some girlfriends and we ordered

- Beet salad - Good, fresh beets

- Watermelon with tomato and feta salad - Weird combo, tomato does NOT go with the watermelons. Where's the feta cheese? Cucumbers and butternut squash and aragula would have paired better. 

- Tomato spinach, and radish flatbread - Not bad, but not the best. Okay - looks a bit more appetizing than it sounds. 

- Cornbread: A bit too sweet, could only take a few bites.
It's cold outside!!! So we decided to try some Southern-inspired food at Headhouse square.  And as soon as we entered this casual and warm restaurant, a welcoming host walked us to our table and Ciro-our server greet us, told us about the specials and kept our glass full the entire night after he took our order. 

We started off with the charcoal grilled shrimp with creamy Avocado, and pink grapefruit appetizer which was ok. We continued with a mouthwatering yellow tail Ceviche and a" bland "wagyu beef tartare and not as sophisticated as I expected. For our main entrees we got the grilled flatiron steak, It wasn't the best I've ever had. Dry, flavorless and extremely salty!

Now being a huge fan of beignets I had to get them for desserts. A set of three Ricotta Beignets with bourbon caramel sauce came greasy and not that crispy, too dense to be enjoyable. However, my friend got a tart with coconut ice cream, and that was to die for, like a party in my mouth.

Friendly staff, great service, pleasant atmosphere, and over price for the portion they serve. Meh!!! I'm not wild about the place!
Four Yelps!
Our friend was visiting for the weekend, so we obviously had to hit up a boozy brunch. Not having tried the Twisted Tail just yet, I booked us an outdoor table for Sunday brunch. An added incentive? The boozy champagne popsicle cocktails I've been seeing all over Instagram! 

Champagne cocktails aside, this Headhouse Square hotspot is a Southern-inspired bourbon house and juke joint, with plenty of American whiskies and bourbons on offer. You can dine al fresco and enjoy the sights and sounds of the Headhouse Square farmer's market or listen to live music as well. 

Champagne Popsicles

That being said, 2/3 of our party were of the feminine persuasion, so we had to indulge in the trendy tipple (not that I needed my arm tail twisted!). They usually have a variety of homemade popsicles on offer - we tried both their Meyer lemon and strawberry. When melted, the popsicles expectedly imparted their sweet flavors upon the effervescent, dry champagne. Easy drinking!

Pro-tip: Twisted Tail offers half-off sparkling wine on Sundays! 

Beer-Battered Cheese Curds [$9]
Thousand island, spicy tomato jam 

Twisted Tail's beer-battered cheese curds are gargantuan and likely the best curds I've had! The batter was like glass and housed squeaky and stringy hot curds. The accompanying Thousand Island was on point and the spicy tomato jam was even better. 

Praline French Toast [$13]
Brioche, pecans, bourbon pineapple 

Our friend's french toast was requested without the bourbon pineapple, yet was still quite tasty and comforting! We're talking a thick slab of brioche, with the exterior nicely crusted and a pillowy, almost creamy interior.

Biscuits n' Gravy [$13]
Sausage, sunny side eggs 

Admittedly, my main could have been executed slightly better. In addition to the brown gravy being a bit jarring, it was clear it had started to seize. Still, the flavors were there, with plenty of savory sausage and ham and a flaky biscuit providing substantive heft to each bite. And while I typically prefer poached eggs, sunny side made sense when considering the gravy. Regardless of your preference, who can say no to any type of eggs on top? 

Chicken & Sweet Potato Waffle [$16]
Bourbon-battered, maple syrup 

The GF's chicken and potato waffle was likely the best main. Crisp, juicy chicken came bone-in and packed with plenty of flavor and seasoning. The sweet potato waffle had some texture and was subtly sweet. With a drizzle of maple syrup and a dash of that apple butter, it was easy to create the perfect sweet and savory bite. 

French Fries [$5]

We were all in the mood for fries and thankfully, the Twisted Tail's are perfect - crisp and salty. They also came with a trio of side dips as well, including a curry ketchup and garlic aioli. 

We all know Philly has plenty of proper brunch spots. And if you're in the Society Hill area, I'd recommend hitting up the Twisted Tail - boozy brunch or not! I know I'll be stopping by again to indulge in some bourbons and to check out their Happy Hour.
I had a most pleasant dining experience at Twisted Tail even though the food didn't always live up to expectations.  Twisted Tail is a restaurant and bourbon joint on one of America's most picturesque historic squares.  It has a New Orleans bent even though it is located in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia.  During the pandemic it has created a pretty (and socially-distanced) outdoor eating area which I would highly recommend if the weather is warm enough.  Tables are appropriately socially distanced inside if the weather is cooler.

To be honest the food didn't live up to the atmosphere.  Fortunately it was still decent enough to be able to enjoy eating here.  I started with bacon and corn fritters that were just too bland.  They cried out for some sort of sauce.  My friend's crawfish mac 'n cheese was much tastier - although a few more crawfish would have been appreciated.  The hanger steak was nothing notable but this time I asked for a sauce and a housemade chili sauce added a kick of flavor.  The fresh, light, and still warm beignets on the other hand were a tasty dessert - especially dipped in the accompanying caramel saute  Service was friendly and top-notch from the moment I walked in.  And all health & safety precautions were observed.

The Twisted Tail in historic old Philadelphia.is def to recommend  - especially now during the Covid-19 pandemic.
I really wish I could give this place negative stars based on both service AND food.

We arrived at 7:30 pm on Saturday before a nearby concert.  We walked in and the place looked pretty cool compared to what it had been.  We found two seats at a half crowded bar.  The bartender seemed nice enough at first.  She was pleasant and offered us a menu.  

We ordered a large bottle of hard cider to share and I asked about gluten-free items.  The bartender said she would ask the chef and get back to us.  Roughly 10 minutes later, she came back to us and asked if we were ready to order.  We reminded her that we were waiting to hear about gluten-free items.  She remembered and went back into the kitchen.  About 10 minutes later she came back, and full misinformed about gluten intolerance (told me to stay away from anything with potatoes), started guiding me through the menu.  I corrected her, she went back into the kitchen, came back out, and gave me an updated version of her recommendations.

We ordered the wings (for the BF), fries, crab cakes (no filler, coated in potato chips), and a salad.  

Ten minutes later, she checked back in on us and I ordered a black cherry gimlet, which looked really tasty.  Twenty minutes later (still no food), she stopped by to ask how we were doing.  We reminded her of the drink order and she made it without charging us.  It was actually quite good.

Our wings, fries, and crab cakes were solid, but uneventful (until later - you'll see).  

Still no salad.  We asked about the salad and were told it was on its way.  Close to 10 minutes later, no salad.  It was 9 pm.  We had been there for 1.5 hours.  So we asked for our check, hoping to catch the headliner at the concert.  As we received it, the salad arrived.  We had to pass.

We headed to the concert about 2.5 blocks away.  As soon as we entered, the BF felt terrible.  He left the venue and headed to my place (another 2 blocks).  Before he could even make it there, he puked in the alley.  The chicken wings had become eventful.

The worst part of the whole thing was that the bartender kept telling us the place was new and "still working out the kinks."  It's pretty clear they have more than a few "kinks" to work out.
If you're skimming reviews, I'll summarize with: "The Twisted Tail is my new "I-Love-Their-Food" place to go!  You should go here and eat & drink everything on the menu (maybe just not all in one visit)!

So, with that said, initially, The Twisted Tail was not a place I was inclined to check out.  A friend kept telling me about it and all I heard was 'South Street'; 'Southern-Barbeque-ish food'; 'blues music'.  The live blues music caught my interest, but I just kept thinking "ugh, not another south street place crammed with jerks from Jerzy eating sloppy, greasy bar food".

Awmygahd, I was so wrong! I was finally lured there on a recent Monday nite (the downstairs was quiet, but it *was* a Monday nite at 5:30).  I headed to the upstairs bar on the 2nd floor, which I highly recommend doing.  I was meeting the boyfriend there, & it's wonderfully cozy with live music on a small stage area; the lighting is a nice warm candle-lit atmosphere (& there's even a little nook with a fireplace), and the bartender was a master at pairing drink suggestions with the menu dishes. 
 
We ate at the bar, which I don't normally like to do - but it was very comfortable to do so - and the bartender made some fabulous menu suggestions.  We tried the corn fritters which were delicious; fries were tasty; the fried pickles were just OK (but I think dill chips are more my personal taste preference & these were the tiny, sweet, whole pickles); I wanted to consume vats of the smoky bacon creamed corn; the crab cakes absolutely melted in my mouth!

& let's talk drinks - man-o-man does this place have an excellent bourbon selection!  In addition to that, there's also some tasty specialty drinks like a lemonade with basil which was impressively refreshing.  Although once the bartender crafted one of the best Old Fashioned cocktails I've ever had, I had found my go-to beverage..fresh orange, muddled cherry and the right balance of sweet to bourbon - yum! 

We've just been back a 2nd time and I got the corn fritters again (this time I was so not sharing!) and the crawfish macaroni & cheese which was a mouthwatering combination of decadent flavors!  I also tried a bite of the boyfriend's lamb sliders and they were delish!  Coincidentally, the owner was hanging out there (unbeknownst to me at the time) & asked me what I thought of the food.  I was on such a food-high from that creamy, cheesy, yummy crawfish mac & cheese, that all I could babble was something about being in a happy food euphoria - but I'm sure he understood ;) ha.

I want to give this place 5 stars - I really do - friendly staff, amazing food, tasty drinks...The only reason I can't is because the food, albeit heavenly, is a little pricey for my "I'm-a-working-artist" salary.  I get that it's a new business & they need to make ends meet, but if a few bucks were shaved off of everything, I could rationalize going here much more often than once or twice a month.   

But that little detail aside, I'm really looking forward to trying out the brunch menu on my next visit!

4/17/12 EDIT: HEY!..they just let go one of their best, & my favorite-ist bar tenders in the whole wide world, Harold I-know-how-to-make-the-best-darn-Bloody-Marys-ever Evans!! WTF?  And the super-yummy corn fritters have totally changed. o_O Hmmm......  Although, the crawfish mac & cheese keeps calling to me!...SOO unbelievably tasty!!
While in the area, we were looking for a nice spot for dinner with the following characteristics: casual but not overly so, reasonably priced, and with food I could fit into my diet plan.  We noticed that Twisted Tail seemed to fit that bill, so we gave it a go.  We weren't dressed up, and fit in well here. There is a nice outdoor area to dine, and people were still doing so on a balmy late Oct evening. Indoor area is cute. Our hostess suggested that inside would get us faster service.  I will say that our server was friendly and seemed to want to please, but service was slow, even inside.  
The menu consists of small plates, with the idea that a couple select about 4-6 options to share. There is a Tasting menu for $45 where you get a large sampling of items of your choice.  It's a good deal, but I just don't eat that much food.  And Hubby couldn't get it without me ( both members of our table would have to get it). I did enjoy my kale salad, especially with the tangy homemade vinaigrette. The shrimp plate was tasty but there were only two large prawns so not much there. Smoked wings were flavorful. Crispy broccoli was done right, though it took forever to get to the table. Server kept promising it and the Mac snd cheese.  Both were very late arrivals. Mac presented very nicely, but my only suggestion is to place in a larger skillet, so there's room to stir it as the creamy cheese and crawfish are toward the bottom while the top gets a lil dry. 
The best part was the apple crumble dessert we shared.  
I'd come again, though there are plenty of nice places in Philly I'd like to try.
Alright. I'm a fan. Came in on opening day for some drinks and food.  Great drinks (cocktails and beer list). We sampled the crawfish
mac n cheese, hoisin wings w/ cucumber sauce and chili. All were delicious.

The chili was a bit strange yet amazing. There's some melted chocolate and salt on top. It's weird yet deliciously pleasant.

They're still working out some kinks but I have high hopes for this place.
When my friends suggested we go here for opening night, I was very excited. Twisted Tail sounded like a great little place for some well cooked pig and the whiskey/bourbon bar would be a bonus.

I arrived a little after my party, was greeted and served a drink in a very timely manner and the cocktails were all mixed deliciously. I really enjoyed the Black Cherry Gimlet (...not trying to be miss know it all, but mixing a vodka/gin drink with lime juice does not a gimlet make) and the Time after Thyme. Service in this place is great.

As far as the menu, to say I was disappointed to be at a place that clearly referenced swine in the name but has a total of three menu choices with pig (one has sausage, one has bacon, and the last seems like a pork shoulder) is an understatement. I also can't figure out what made anything on the menu consistent. Crawfish mac and cheese, duck spring rolls, flatbread and onion tarts... what?

I got a salad and fries, because I'm on a diet... (not really.) and all of my friends ordered various appetizers. I know I should have ordered off of the entrees menu, but I wasn't really hungry and my friends and I tend to share anyway. The salad was good, but drenched in sweet dressing  and the fries were good fries, but I feel like I paid $7 for a choice of three dipping sauces that were eh (chipotle ketchup, rosemary mayo, and agave nectar/vinegar). 

The crawfish mac and cheese was bland. The "spitfire chicken wings" were covered in a hoison glaze that tasted only of hoison glaze but had no semblance of cooked over an open fire (maybe it's a stretch to believe the wings were cooked over a fire, but it says SPITFIRE in the title).  My friends liked their veggie options, but I didn't have any interest in trying any more food after the piece of crawfish I had was tough.

After dinner, I tried to order some rye, but they were out of everything. The waiter explained "We just opened and some of these have been hard to find." And that was the final deal breaker for me. I get it, you just opened and the PA liquor board is full of Quakers or whatever, but print up new menus without teasing me.

Will I come back? For the drinks, probably. The food, maybe if they pick up some herbs and spices and find some flavor.
We wanted to listen to some music and have some beers on a Sunday night. TT was the perfect venue.  We only had beers so we can't speak to the food . But we had a really great time listening to an exceptional lineup of Blues artists for the Sunday night Jam.  There was no cover so we spent more money on the drinks and we had a great time.
Was really cool to see the crowd up and dancing too.
We will be back.
On first impression, I'm wooed by the details: the sheet music wallpaper, the booze barrel bar stools, or cowboy hats on hooks (which you're encouraged to wear while kicking your heels to the in-house bands). 

The owners have certainly put a lot of thought into this new space. Live blues bands add to this fun, inviting atmosphere. Guaranteed, you'll see my friends here on many many weekends to come.

As for the menu, there are still kinks to work out. I think the biggest fault with Twisted Tail is their identity: it's not quite solid yet. The board has some interesting dishes to fit into  their "bourbon and blues" and open fire concept, though there are plenty that do not. 

The Smokehouse Lightning cocktail was deeeelicious, for starters. The mac and cheese was intensely rich, though a bit bland, even with the addition of chewy crawfish meat. Lamb sliders were juicy little bites, though I tasted none of the sun-dried cranberry aioli listed on the menu. The "primal chili" had a great balance of meat and beans, topped with a bit of melted chocolate and (too much) sea salt. 

Service was friendly, attentive and clearly nervous. Had a bit of a mix-up when we paid our check, leaving me a bit salty, but I won't fault them for it here. Shit happens, especially when you're a nervous new server.

Maybe I'm being nitpicky, but all restaurants have to grow to really make it. I have high hopes for Twisted Tail, though, and am really glad they're in our 'hood. Give it a few months and I'm certain things will even out.
So we've been here a couple times, I decided to review it this time because it really is a wonderful place to come! They have their own version of city wide specials for $5, which is amazing paired with their cheese board, as strange as that may seem. We originally came here for the crawfish mac & cheese which ended up being the side highlight, it didn't really have a savory crawfish taste in every bite, but either way we still love this place!!
I'm speechless so I'll keep my review short and sweet...

Service, Food, Décor all amazing... My server was attentive and outgoing.  I ordered the Pork shank which was finger licking good; tender and seasoned to perfection.  If you enjoy phenomanel food, this is your place..
Yep, one of the most underrated happy hours in the city.  Now granted, there is plenty of room, not crowded until later, and you are not going to find a host of singles to fulfill your alcohol induced desires.  But to meet a friend in old city, a young, sexy blonde friend who just wants to hang on to your arm and stare into your blue eyes, and to be able to hear each other converse (hey millennials, do you know what 'converse' means), a cool, relaxed happy hour atmosphere is what you have.

$3 beers, and I mean REAL beers like Terrapin Hi-5 IPA (normally $7), and on Thursday The Twisted Tail's version of a classic cocktail like a Manhattan for $5, you kidding me?  The red wine on special blew, so knock yourself out and pay retail for something.  $4-$6 small happy hour food items on the menu.  We had $6 for 6 oysters, tender, nice sized blue points, great cocktail and hot sauces.  (That's a buck-a-shuck, for those counting at home).  The chorizo taco was very nice, very tender, a good split just for a taste.  The spicy salmon poke was average, missing something, some sort of tangy bite I think.  

From the regular menu, the harpoon-caught swordfish was 5 star all the way, with perfectly, and I mean perfectly cooked, snappy snap peas.  The fish so tender and fresh, so melt in your mouth with exceptional taste-bud tingling, one of the best I've ever had.

After drinking a ton of $3 beers, my appetite was still alive, had to try the desserts.  We split two: Pecan Pie with caramel sauce...the crust a little stiff, the insides delicious; and the ricotta beignets...not too sweet, a wonderful cap  to the evening as the live music started.
I had an excellent meal with outstanding service at Twisted Trail. My friend and I ordered the tasting menu, which allowed us to share a lot of different shareable plates. Our dinner consisted of the following dishes:
- Lamb meatballs
- Salad
- BBQ Smoked ribs
- Cornbread
- Hanger steak
- Fried chicken
- Beignets

Every dish was good. The lamb meatballs were the standout. I was craving more of those! The steak was good but slightly overcooked. I liked that they give you three pieces of chicken, so i saved the biggest piece for my dinner the next day. The chicken came with a thick potato fry and a thick sweet potato fry that were a pleasant surprise. A unique take on the normal french fry. Beignets are always a good dessert to end a meal with. But these needed more powder to elevate them close to New Orleans standards.

Twisted Tail also has live music, which is nice. Although the musician when i was there wasn't really good enough to grab  people's attention. l

The service is already worthy of 5 stars. With minor improvements in food on a night with a really good musician, I can see this becoming a 5 star restaurant.
Kids. You can definitely get twisted up in this piece in the very best of ways. Magnificent cocktails. I'd been a-hankering to go to this place for about 9 months before I finally convinced a few work chums to head on down. Now they're hooked! Holla!

Whenever and whatever infusion cocktails they might be offering, you should try the flight. It's a delightfully, heady, generously poured surprise. Example: Gin and I ain't exactly copacetic. It usually treats me like the bastard child out of Carolina, but I had a champagne, St. Germain infused gin-based cocktail up in here and chirren! Slurped it all the way down and woke up the next day feelin' alright, unh hunh. That never happens with gin. Usually I never fall asleep until 1 hour before I'm s'posed to get up and then it looks like I went 17 rounds with a porcelain ringmaster (and the big bowl won). That cocktail was deftly concocted. So, so deftly.

The other 2 in my flight were bourbon and tequila based, and both of those rock me in the cradle of love. They were sublime. 

The atmosphere is terrific. It's got the juke joint vibe thanks to all the hardwoods and swanky, lowly lit lighting, but it's sturdier than any place Shug Avery ever sang :)

Fried chicken in a bag. Get ready for the new finger-lickin' goodness. And the pork cracklin's! Oooh wee. And you thought pop rocks effects were the most fun! Honestly, everything I ate and drank was divine and the service was the right amount of downhome sweet and attentive that I usually tend to expect when I'm back home in the South. 

I love this place. Lookin' to head back on a Friday so I can get that 1 burger, 1 bourbon, 1 beer thing a-going.
I had my family in town for Sunday night dinner, and we decided to check this place out because of the cool music.  However, in the words of my father, Twisted Tail turned out to be "SCARY BAD."

There were only three tables filled and yet still the service was slow, to say the least.  It took us 45 minutes to get a salad and fried pickles.  After an hour, the waitress came over to tell my dad that they were out of the Cowboy Steak he had ordered AN HOUR BEFORE.  Why were they just discovering that they'd run out when the steak should have been on the table by that point?

Okay okay, regroup and reorder.  He chose the Fire Roasted Hamburger, but was told he couldn't count the salad he already ate as an appetizer towards the complementary side salad that comes with the burger.  Ten minutes later, the waitress returned because she forgot which burger he ordered.  Look, I waitressed once upon a time and I know it can be overwhelming, but not when you only have three tables to serve...

When the food finally came, Dad's Fire Roasted Hamburger and my Twisted Tail Burger were extremely rare, despite us ordering them to be cooked medium.  Mom's rice and veggie skewers were cold.  Then my sister bit into her chicken skewers, and they were completely raw on the inside.  "Scary bad," indeed.

Before we left, my dad used the men's room and said it was disgusting.  This is a man who frequents McDonalds, so for him to say that, it had to be bad.

The service was distracted, especially for such a slow night.  Though they did comp our meal, they were very awkward about the whole ordeal.  They asked if there was anything they could do to improve the dining experience.

"Get better at this," we said.  "And please, clean the men's room."

We won't be going back.
I work in the Head House District and when I saw Twisted Tail Whiskey Bar and Juke Joint getting ready to take over where Kildare's left off, I was excited. They had my attention at whiskey. Now that I have been there, I am REALLY excited! 

Last night, after the show (work) my castmates and I were walking up the alley and were greeted with heavenly steak aromas permeating the air. Sure beats what you usually smell in an alley in Philly, but I digress. I asked what that was and my friend told me it was Twisted Tail and that he had an amazing steak there earlier for dinner before the show (work). We peeked in the window, saw space at the bar, and headed on in. 

I had a Johnnie Walker based drink with word "Smokestack" in the name. It had macerated cherries in it and was garnished with two morasca cherries. I took one sip and announced that I wanted to make friends with the drink. I asked about morasca cherries, and the owner himself gave me his supplier's info. If you have never had a morasca cherry, you should. These make regular maraschino cherries ashamed of themselves. 

One of my other friends is a real beer guy and was very impressed that they had his all-time favorite beer on tap. I believe it is called Heffelwiesen? Something like that . Anyway, it was the first time he had ever seen it on tap and was ecstatic. 

Another enjoyable drink was the Lynchburg Lemonade with basil. The basil was a lovely touch as it saved the drink from being overly sweet. It also had an unexpected bit of peach flavor that hit the middle of the tongue. It was served in a glass that looked no unlike a miniature old fashioned milk bottle. 

Finally there was the mint julep. Oh. My. GOD. I was to make love to this drink. I want to bathe in it. It was that good! This mint julep was SO good, I announced that I wanted a moment alone with it and the guys all laughed. 

What impressed me the most was the complexity of the cocktail. First you got the bourbon, but it was a good bourbon with no burn. Then you got the sweetness of the housemade julep syrup, and finally a cool minty finish. I am in love. 

I was a little hungry so I ordered a bowl of Primal Chili. I admit the name caught my eye. It was a blend of chicken, lamb, and duck with white beans, a blend of smoky seasonings and - wait for it - chocolate sea salt(!). When it arrived, I tasted a bit of the sea salt on its own and was amazed at the strong cocoa flavor that came from it. I didn't expect it to be that intense. Then, as per the bartender's advice, I mixed the salt in very thoroughly. It was delicious. Smoky, complex, a little sweet, and a teeny bit of heat. If you like your chili five alarm, you will not like this. But if you want a savory, meaty, comfort food, you will love this. I let out a subdued howl after eating it; it is called Primal Chili after all. 

The place is not cheap (my drinks were around 10 dollars each) but if the food is good, I don't mind. 

I will be back here.
Booked a reservation for a party of 15 for the upstairs room earlier in the week for my friends bachelor party dinner.  Received a call less than 2 hours before our  reservation that they double booked the space.  I wish it was a joke.  I even came in for lunch last week to make sure it would be up to par, even then the food was slow slow slow slow slow during a empty lunch service.   Philly doesn't put up with awful restaurant management.  Triumph Brewery in Old City bailed us out tonight. HOLY DISAPPOINTMENT!  I even signed up for Yelp today to share - don't bother with this place.
It took a quality Flight of Whiskey among Yelp friends to help me recall a bar of yester gatherings past that I've enjoyed on a few occasions. But it took a quick skim of tasty delicacies like oxtail rillettes and crispy brussel sprouts cooked with pancetta alongside good beers and an endless amount of whiskeys to quickly channel my memory. And upon enjoying some selections from their charcoal grill, an amazing salad, and some song worthy (http://youtu.be/Lonz_cHJHNk) pours of Whiskey; I rediscovered a good spot overall.

whether its bourbon or rye; comes from Kentucky, Ireland, or other; is expensive and aged or young and cheap; Twisted Tail offers an amazing selection of whiskeys that run the gamut. And the knowledgeable bartenders do a good job of helping you flow through your personalized stream (http://youtu.be/TaHMG_SvUkw). But to stretch out and savor your money the flights are at the right price and give you the chance to get full tutorials on classics like Jack Daniels and Knob Creek, learn about bourbons that AREN'T from Kentucky, and enjoy a few pulls that are connoisseur approved. But if whiskey isn't your poison Twisted Tail also has a good selection of cocktails, draft/bottled beers, and other spirits to enjoy.

The best bite from the charcoal grill selection by far was the succulent yet savory pork belly w/ thyme, rosemary, and salted lime. But they can also fire up treats like veal bacon, grilled clams w/ chorizo vinaigrette, or portobello mushrooms. Going through the appetizer menu I found solid gold in the wild mushroom salad w/ crystallized ginger, goat cheese, and truffle vinaigrette. But I would have also been winning if I had gone with offerings like crawfish mac & cheese, Maryland crab cakes, or pulled pork empanadas. Add in solid dinner offerings like fried chicken and Louisiana shrimp & grits, as well as an awesome selection of artisanal cheeses; and there's plenty to enjoy.
A friend and I were overdue a catching up session, much like others. We decided to meet at The Twisted Tail because my friend had been there before. I had never been but was happy to try it, especially after moving into a new neighborhood and being restricted for the last 15 months! I was pretty excited tbh. 

Before I walked in, I saw the sign that said masks are highly recommended for unvaccinated people but not required. Since I am fully vaccinated and was planning on eating, I opted not to wear my mask. Plus when I walked in, most of the restaurant was empty.

Well, as soon as I walked in, my excitement quickly disappeared. I was "greeted" by the hostess who had a slight arrogance to her. I told her that I was meeting a friend and wasn't sure if they were there yet so would it be ok for me to do a quick walk around to see if they were. She responded with that same arrogance, "Do you have a reservation?" No....were we supposed to make a reservation? If it's required, I'm not sure if my friend made it. The hostess then said that no it was not required. She then just stood there silently, making it incredibly awkward so I tried to text my friend on their eta. During this time, the hostess walked off. After I established that my friend hadn't arrived, I wanted to get a table to wait. After waiting a couple minutes, a tall man who I assume is the manager brusquely asked me if I was being helped already to which I replied that I was waiting for a friend who isn't here yet so I'd like to get a seat while I wait for them. He then asked me if I had a reservation to which I responded exactly the same way I responded to the hostess and got the same answer - No reservations are not required. So why am I being hounded about a damn reservation when 75% of the restaurant is empty? Why when I asked to be seated at a table twice was I not just taken to an empty table because there were plenty of them available? They may have been reasons as to why but their shitty tone and attitude just made me not care. Nor was there any kind of trying to communicate properly with me so again, did not care for the reason. When the hostess got back, he asked her to get me seated and she just grabbed the menus and walked away. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to follow her or not but I did because I figured if I wasn't supposed to, they'd snootily tell me to go back and wait. It was just terrible communication and a terrible first impression. Not a great start. 

My friend arrived shortly after I was seated and the only reason we even ended up staying was because I wanted to see if they could redeem themselves with their food and by the server. While the server was better than both the manager and hostess, he was still a bit off and awkward imo. 

During the pandemic I had tried to support local businesses, especially restaurants and there have been less than stellar experiences but I really tried not to leave negative reviews because I didn't want my experiences (which I am aware will be different from others), to affect the already struggling restaurant businesses. So it's even more telling how unhappy I was with my experience here. 

I still left a tip slightly above 20% and thought through my review for this place. I decided that while the food and drinks were good, the terrible customer service doesn't warrant any more business from me. There are literally SO many other establishments, especially right now who would be super gracious for customers, to put myself through this kind of experience again at The Twisted Tail. Their prices are pretty hefty too btw. My friend and I ordered two cocktails each and 5 or 6 very small plates and our total including tip came out to approximately $175! So yes, many other options in the neighborhood and definitely in the city, but if you still want to give them a try, my friend and I ordered: Cocktails - Kool Kat and the Black Cherry Gimlet; Small plates - 3 cheese board, Crispy Flatbread, Octopus, Whipped Ricotta, Smoked Wings, and Shrimp & Grits. 

Good luck and I hope you're experience is better than mine. I unfortunately won't be going back.
Labeling non-gluten free items as gluten free earns you a 1-star review, Twisted Tail.  I am giving it 2 stars because they at least took the offending item off our bill.

As someone who cannot eat gluten because of celiac disease I always investigate new restaurants carefully before I eat at them.  When I inquired at Twisted Tail, they assured me that they knew all about celiac disease and took it seriously.  

I therefore felt confident ordering tuna tartare, which was marked as gluten free.  The small portion of fish (pricey at $12) came with 5 potato chips on the plate.  I had asked the waitress when she took our order whether the fryer was gluten free and she it wasn't; they fry empanadas in it.  I informed her that I had celiac and couldn't eat food from the fryer.  Yet, there were those freshly fried chips, on my plate, touching the fish.

The manager came out and talked to me, but did not apologize.  She "explained" that some people who avoid gluten can eat food that comes out of a shared fryer.  Yeah, well some people who "avoid gluten" can eat a bagel if they feel like it.  Restaurants should not cater their gluten-free labels to these people--they can just read the menu to see if the item lists obvious gluten-containing ingredients (e.g., bread/croutons).  If restaurants are going label items as "gluten free" they should do so as a service to the celiacs, who will get sick from even tiny amounts of gluten.  Would a restaurant label something as peanut-free if it was fried in peanut oil?  I don't think so.
Came here twice last week just for drinks. The first time was after dinner around 11pm. The bar upstairs had a live band playing but there was an option for another room to sit in with couches and tv's. It was a friday night. Nice selection of beers and specialty drinks. The vodka, cucumber drink was very good. 

Second time was for happy hour on a Monday. Had the house chardonnay, allagash and brooklyn lagar. There were a decent amount of people in here and the food that they were serving to others looked good. Good atmosphere upstairs and downstairs.
The crawfish mac and cheese makes me believe that there is such thing as falling in love, which is what I, and my friend exactly did once that dish arrived on our table. 

It was amazing. Comfort food is amazing, why do you think women love "The Notebook" for? It's because we can eat all the carbs we want, and cry over our love for Ryan Gosing's abs. 

I also ordered the Kale salad which was phenomenal, Blue Bay Mussels; and the wagyu beef tartare which just pulled everything together. 

The ambiance of the bar/restaurant alone makes you feel as if one travelled down South! I'm going to be a regular there from now on, it gives me a reason to be down South Street again. 

Staff wise, I feel ashamed that I forgot our server's name but he has a mustache; wears glasses, and was hilarious! Rather than allowing us to order drinks on the menu, he recommended me this amazing banana cocktail that was amazing enough to be considered dessert. Our hostess was such a darling too, smiling when we entered. 

"The Twisted Tail", you've earned a customer for life.
This is one of the best happy hour restaurants that the hubby and I frequent! We love the dark stylish interior, the exceptional service, and the great prices!!! Craft beer on tap is $3, and most of the happy hour appetizers are $4, $5 or $6. We had the cheese curds (my favorite thing ever), the hot dog (great flavor but a bit too much bun) the fried crab bites (this tasted good with the cheese curd dipping sauce, but alone it was just okay), and the chicken sandwich (mmmelty cheese and tasted great but it needed some condiments). We love love LOVE hanging out here and we will keep coming because we LOVE it so much!!! I am excited to have dinner here sometime since we've only come for happy hour!
Ready for an adventure? Well buckle up then, cuz I'm gonna take you for a ride! From the moment you step into this restaurant, you're greeted with warmth and welcome smiles. The lighting is just right, not too bright & not too dark - essentially enough for you to be able to see your food. You get paperbag full of popcorn as a snack to nibble on, while you wait (don't worry you don't wait long) for your food to arrive. Your orders come out as soon as they're ready, not in any particular order. Oh and Everything. Tastes. Amazing. And I am not overexaggerating at all. The crawfish mac & cheese, steak, spicy salmon lettuce wraps, and Spanish ham were some of my favorite dishes. I literally could not stop eating the mac & cheese which comes with a generous portion of crawfish. The Spanish ham comes as a big slice of ham that you can tear apart easily and pair with tiny slices of warm bread. The spicy salmon lettuce wraps were so perfectly paired with avocado and those were also huge portions. The service is also incredible as there is always someone is constantly checking up on you to make sure you have enough water and that you are looked after. I ended the meal with an almond cake topped with ice cream, which was perfection.

Needless to say, my belly left very, very satisfied and yearning for more. You'd be a fool not to check this place out, I'm serious. I would have to say this is one of the best experiences I have ever had at a restaurant both in quality of food, presentation, attentiveness and friendliness. If I could give 6 stars, I would. If you're reading this review, don't give it another thought and just go & check this place out! You'll be glad you did.
This was my first stop to kick off Restaurant Week 2018. Dined on a Sunday and we seemed to beat the crowd as the were a handful of people here at the time.

The ambience was soft and dim with a rustic feel. Our server, Steve was great and was very knowledgeable about the menu.

Food presentation was amazing and met my standards. I decided to take a risk and tried the "Chicken Liver Toast" (blood orange, sea salt, and grilled bread) since my first choice, "Lamb Tenderloin" was sold out. ( wasn't too pleased with this since it was only the first night of RW and they were already sold out of an menu option) Let's just say this look very delightful, but it was not my thing. May have been tasty for someone into chicken liver.

Second course I decided go with the "Crawfish Mac & Cheese". This dish was definitely cheesy and could've used a little more crawfish. But nonetheless, tasty!

Third Course, as recommended by our server, I went with the "Braised Short Rib". (Herb spaztle, wild mushroom, and cilantro gremolata)This dish was cooked to perfection and packed the right amount of flavors! By far my favorite dish of the night.

Final dish was the "Citrus Panna Cotta" (cardamom, mandarin orange) nice and refreshing dessert to top the meal off.
Live music. Darts. Shiner Bock on draft.

If you're in the neighborhood before/ after dinner and looking for a good place to chill, I definitely recommend The Twisted Tail. The second floor is where you can find the fun - live blues band, larger bar, and a game room with darts, shuffleboard, two fireplaces, and cozy chairs.

I expected this place to be a cramped and dirty bar, but instead it is a spacious bar/ restaurant. Also worth noting, the bathroom is really clean!

Minus points for slow bar service. There were also long gaps in the music that were a little awkward. C'mon Twisted Tail, throw something, anything on at least while the band is taking a break or changing over. Otherwise, this was a fun spot.
I've heard great things about The Twisted Tail for years and finally swung by for a casual happy hour / light dinner at the upstairs bar.

The space itself is big - the upstairs bar is dark and worn and feels like you're stepping out of Philadelphia and into some other city. 

My friend Kate and I shared a number of Happy Hour (or Social Hour) bites at the bar: oysters, pork empanadas, buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, and corn on the cob.

The food was all delicious and very generously portioned. Service was a bit slow, but matched the relaxed pace of the warm summer evening.

Will definitely be coming back!
Its been awhile since I have eaten here and a review on the food wouldn't be accurate. However, I recently came in for drinks with a few guests who are whiskey and bourbon fans and we were seated upstairs. The set up and decor of the upstairs is amazing. Can whoever designed this also plan my future house?! I adored the concept of the sliding tables which can be pushed to accommodate parties of any number. The beer selection was extensive. My fellow patrons were steered towards liquor of their liking, on the rocks. The "rocks" consisted of a big square ice cube which was aesthetically pleasing and apparently better for the drink. 

I would love to come back here for dinner again. I remember the fried chicken being yummy. TT is definitely a great place for a group who want casual drinks!
I come here for a cocktail kind of often because it's right outside of my apartment. I like it alright, but my boyfriend hates it. 

I've tried some of the food, and it's totally up my alley because I love cheese, and I love comfort foods. Also, if you sit at the bar, they have really bomb popcorn.

They have expertly crafted drinks, and that's really what I look for in a place where I'm about to drop $10 or more on a cocktail. But see, I like vodka martinis and this place is more of a whiskey joint. But I don't even care because I know they can make a martini correctly, and that's what's important to me. 

The reason my boyfriend hates it and why I just say I like it alright despite the good food and drink is that they can seem kind of like jerks. The bartenders almost seem to roll their eyes at me when I order a drink. I used to be a bartender...I get it. It's annoying that someone might order vodka in a whiskey bar, but dude, dial back the attitude. Plus, with the regularity that I come in and the fact that we aren't bad tippers or assholes, you'd think they could stand to be a little friendlier.

So, meh, this gets a 4 for quality but with serious reservations because of the weird service.
One of the best dining experiences I have had in Philadelphia. First the food is amazing. I could say what I had but it's kinda pointless. Apparently the chef was on some "mad scientist" kick and they were adding several new items.....like octopus. Yeah, from the ocean, to the grill, to the plate. Truthfully, never would have tried this, but I was adventurous. It was quite tasty. Everything we had was excellent. The best part was the excellent bourbon opinions. They were serving a special vanilla infused bourbon that was amazing. So my taste buds were pleased. But the other senses were pleased as well. The decor is very eye catching, kinda like a country feel. There was a small one man band downstairs early in the evening, then around 10 pm the upstairs area began jamming with a full band. They were good, got me moving. The service was excellent as well. Our waiter was amazing, cool guy. The whole place is just great. I'm a fan.
Another late night adventure. Very hungry and we were  on the hunt for some food. After driving around for a while we ended up near south street and my friend had mentioned she had eaten here before. We decided to go ahead and eat here because it didn't seem crowded. 

This was my first time here. They have a small area outside for sitting, and then there is the inside. It was nice and intimate. It was a little dark and hard to see the menu with just the small candle they had on the table. We found ourselves using our phones. 

The waiter was helpful. They have a pretty large selection of different liquors. My friend drinks rye whisky so she was in heaven. He went over a few options with her and gave her his suggestions. She selected a local Rye Whisky for a whisky sour. 

As far as food, it was late night so they had small plate options. Not a lot of options but they did have a few things we found interesting. I decided to go with the crab cake, my friend got the tuna and we ordered the crawfish Mac n cheese.  So I will say this, the crab cake was jumbo lump crab so I was happy about that but it was a lonely single crab cake with nothing with it and it was pretty pricey in my opinion. It was very good however so I definitely appreciate that.  My friend said the tuna was good but she wasn't a fan of the snap peas that came with hers. We split the Mac n cheese and it was good. I wish there would have been more crawfish and a little more creamy but for what was there it had a good taste. 

I know this is a place that doesn't keep the same menu Items for long so it's a possibility I would give them another chance. It wasn't bad but it also wasn't the greatest either.  I think three stars is good because I wasn't wowed. The service was definitely decent and  the food was okay. The prices vs portion was my issue but hey it's south street and I understand these types of restaurants.
After my horrible experience, the manager reached out to me and apologized and offered me a gift certificate for dinner. My friend and I decided to try the place again and we are glad we did! We ordered the corn bread and mac and cheese and it was DELICIOUS! My friend got the hanger steak and I once again got the fried chicken. My friend loved her steak and my chicken was fully cooked this time but I feel like some parts of the chicken were little too dry! The service was wonderful as always and we asked our server to recommend us a glass of wine and he picked the perfect one for us! I am so glad I gave this restaurant another try and I love the fact that this restaurant cares so much about the customers! I can't wait to come back to try more foods on the menu! 

Also they have really clean and cute bathroom! Which is a plus since it's such a turnoff when restaurants have dirty bathrooms!
I don't know if I've ever been to a place I like more. 

And that's the truth. 

I came here for an event, and as I'm typing this, I'm the only one from said event here.  The only one.  Yikes. 

But I'm not lonely.  There is a crowd of locals here, and there's not one who hasn't high-fived or hugged someone working.  It's clear they all know each other, and a sense of community is instantly palpable.  I always love when folks ask, "Is this your first time here?"  They always take a moment upon a "yes" answer to brag about what's splendid about the place.  I tried a local cider beer - fantastic! - and took up a little spot close to the bar.  They have free wifi (from which I am typing this review), and everything about the vibe is spot on.  It's chill, but happy.  It's calm, but inviting.  I wish I were going to be in town longer, because I would try to come here every night. Everyone is so nice, and parking was easy.  

The menu looks great, but unfortunately, I cannot stay long enough to try the recommended cheese and ham plate.  I'm truly saddened by this.  Live, acoustic music starts at 7 PM on this particular evening, and if I find myself to still be the only one at this event, I will report back on this review about how good it was.  If it's at all on par with how I'm feeling about this place, it'll be another 5 stars.

Update as promised: The music is spectacular.  I'm still here (3 hours later) and am being lulled by the rhythmic mastery of @acousticnicki.  She's here every Tuesday starting at 7. She has a song request list that rivals any I've ever seen, and you can ask her to play whatever you want.  Man, she's really great, and no, she didn't ask me to endorse her.
Twisted Tail has been one of my favorite spots since moving to this city almost 5 years ago. The combo of great BBQ, gourmet small plates, and a whiskey list to rival any private collection makes TTT a solid go-to any time. I stopped in for a late lunch and after eating here for both business and pleasure SO MANY TIMES, the menu can still surprise and excite. The chicken sandwich I had was seasoned perfectly. It was so good that I asked the server if there was a new recipe. If you're on South Street as a tourist or a resident and can appreciate fine southern-styled cooking, the Twisted Tail is the perfect place to spend your time and money.
Thank you to the team for your generosity during this tumultuous time. The food was delicious, and can not wait for everything to get back to normal, so I can recommend that everyone stops in. You guys rock!
Pros: Great live music, Cool Ambiance & Decor, Shuffleboard

Cons: Rude Bartenders, Can get super crowded

I wouldn't recommend coming here with a large party (more than 5 people) as it can get packed and hard to get a drink.  The bartenders upstairs are super snotty and rude which is a shame because their drinks are pretty good. I love the decor and the live music here but come with low expectations on the service and expect crowds!
Few things can make me more happy than a heaping bag of fried chicken. At least when it comes to dinner entrees. The Twisted Tail's take was pretty good, but the standout for me was the side of fries. They were gone faster than the meat. Interesting sauce options, too.

I was led to this Southern fare while out on a post-Christmas outing with my mom. She struggled with the menu -- and asked our incredibly-patient servers (2) many, many questions -- but eventually settled on a fish (trout?) that she liked.

While TTT might not be at the top of my list for another sit-down meal due to average food overall and semi-high prices, I would absolutely love to head back for the bar seating/happy hour sometime. That space seemed to be more up my alley, and the beer list was great.
Stopped in for opening. Great atmosphere.  Tasty original cocktails. Overwhelming beer/bourbon selection.  

Food is fresh and they have a completely unique menu.  They're still working out the kinks on the food but I think this place is gonna be a hot spot for either a yummy sit down schmancy dinner or chilling out upstairs playing shuffleboard sippin bourbon.
The Twisted Tail was a great find on a recent, and first, trip to Philly. The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. They are currently decorated for Christmas and my table mates and I were charmed by the decor. 

The whiskey selection here is great - definitely worth a trip with the whiskey aficionados in your life. I had a drink named the Eye of the Dragon, or something of that sort, with smoky mezcal, chai tea, and something hibiscus-y. It was good and rimmed with ancho chili spice, which packed an extra punch. The better deal here though is the Pensultucky, which is a shot of whiskey and a Lionshead beer. At half the price of the cocktails, it would be my recommendation. 

The food is the real star. My two colleagues and I enjoyed everything we had - from crawfish Mac and cheese to beet salad to veal and lamb meatballs with smoked Gouda and butterscotch (sounds weird, but actually was the best dish by far). We also loved the ricotta beignets and apple crisp we had for dessert.
My first time here, and I will come back. 

Down side: it appeals to a very specific demographic that may or may not like bourbon (I'm pretty sure that is the intended focus). The menu doesn't pair well. They put barbecue sauce on a few dishes and said "hey we're smoky like bourbon!" I'm not buying the concept.

Up side: the food is good. It's prepared well. I had the soft shell crab. It was crispy yet dissolved in my mouth. There was a large party here that was loud. The way the bar was designed dampened the noise so there was no echo (I didn't even see any reverberation dampeners). I was a bartender for a very long time and I must say, they were very accommodating and friendly, not pretentious.

Recap: Yes and No
I appreciate the attention to detail when it came to my meal and bourbon, scotch, and beer, but I think a bourbon and beer spot should have a few more meat and potatoes items. Their ribs looked intriguing; and that's my next go around.
Let me start by saying that i have thoroughly enjoyed my experiences in the past every time i have been here. I believe Ryan was the bartender that always took care of me ( really cool laid back guy in his 20s that was a great conversationalist). 
So. Today. Was. The. Worst.
The bartenders were all very slow. The one larger fellow was our main bartender and was fairly attentive, just very slow. The other girl on the other side was on her phone half of the time pretending to be on the register. The food was mediocre. (Normally is top notch...) And the thing that drove me the most insane was the fact that the girl who dropped off our ice cream for dessert did not give us spoons, and it took us about 5 mins to get someones attention to get utensils.. Bummer. 
I'm in the service industry, so watching these people on a friday night was pretty difficult.
What a great place to stumble upon! We wanted to grab a bite to eat before a 7pm concert at the TLA and thankfully found The Twisted Tail.

The cocktails were delicious. I had the black cherry gimlet and the kool kat. The gimlet was sweet but the lime juice added a tartness that made it perfect. The kool kat was refreshing and a tasty way to start off the night. As we were having our cocktails and waiting to order, the waiter brought out fresh house popcorn with bacon and rosemary butter. YUM

What we ordered:

Soup of the day: Pumpkin
Chipotle glazed wings
Cesar salad with cornbread croutons
Blackened catfish
BBQ spare ribs

I would strongly recommend the pumpkin soup if they have it. It was the best I have ever had! It had a strong pumpkin flavor but was sweetened with what almost felt like a marshmallowy taste. The soup was thickened adding to the marshmallow aspect of the dish. 

The BBQ ribs were also very tasty! Even better is on the side were deep fried cornichons. I've fallen in love with these. This should be the only way to fry pickles.
Service was excellent.  But when I wanted to pay the bill he went walkabout. Food was very good but we were recommended to have the taster menu.  This was far too much food for two people.  Cocktails were interesting but a theme of the places I have visited recently was that they are too weak.  Get the whiskey
I took my fiance here for this year's installment of "food and drink he loves for his birthday." Bourbon and BBQ are always a hit with him, and we had not yet been here.

Our reservations were for 7pm on a Saturday. We arrived about 10 minutes early and were seated - we didn't need those reservations at all. The decor is homey, and the bar is a decent size. 

They have a good amount of *good* beer on tap, house-made infused spirits, and of course - a big 'n varied bourbon, whiskey, and scotch list (from which my fiance ordered quite a few things). 

Our server came, and while his presentation style went well with the restaurant, I could have done with less of it. Maybe if the place were full and lively, it would have received higher marks from me. 

I regret not having brought a bigger appetite - I only ordered cornbread and the barnegat scallop casoulet. I definitely should have gotten ribs or something instead! 

Twisted Tail was a hit with the fiance, which was indeed why we were there! He got to have a beer/scotch/bourbon flight, try a number of bourbons, some which the server recommended. He had the veal bacon, the pulled pork and cheddar empanadas, and chicken in a bag. I love a man who knows how to order the best things on the menu.

I would like to come back to have a dinner do-over where I order the tuna tartare, chorizo taco, and braised short ribs. I need to check out the Juke Joint part of this establishment; I feel like I could really get into those vibes!
I've been here a few times and each time this place delivers. 

It's located in the heart of Old City so be sure to plan for parking. I found a spot about a block away on a Saturday night - which honestly isn't bad considering how crowded it gets around the area. 

The place has a southern saloon vibe, and drinks to match. Entering in, there's a main bar area that takes up most of the space, and then there is seating scattered throughout the outskirts. In the summer months, there is also outdoor seating available with heated lamps and good people watching haha. 

Getting the bartenders attention to order drinks was probably the biggest gripe. My guest and I peered the drinks menu and opted for a wine and a mule. The bar was pretty packed when we first arrived and I sort of felt that I was interrupting a private party. In any case, after about 10 minutes - we were finally asked for our orders, and they were promptly delivered. For a busy night, they only had two bartenders (and it spans a large space) - I think another hand would've helped keep things moving better. 

I did like that we were able to take our drinks and sit down in the dining area without needing order food. It allowed for us to enjoy the venue and still have space for ourselves and conversation. The establishment does have a full menu (and brunch is also offered on the weekends) so will definitely return to check that out. 

Overall - a great place for drinks, vibe, and appealing menu!
I love the bourbon list at the place: extensive and some really good stuff.  Plus they sometimes have special limited bottles available (for a price of course).  They have a few whiskey flights on the menu, but they also offer one ounce pours of everything, so you can make your own flight or taste your way around the menu.

The food is southern and meaty.  The empanadas are great.  The oxtail comes as a spread with bread and is yummy.  The baked beans, the cornbread, the sweet potato fries are all delish.  The only thing I thought was just meh was actually the crawfish mac and cheese, which is funny because lots of positive yelp reviews about it.  Mostly I would describe the food as very solid.  It's not amazing, but it's good enough to keep me coming back for the booze.

But beside the bourbon, my favorite place about this bar is it's chill while still fun.  We came here on St. Patty's, and managed to get a seat at the bar almost immediately.  I came here for my birthday on a Saturday night and we got a corner booth for 7 people, no reservation.  It seems like the place is never empty and never packed (it's large size certainly helps), and the clientele is a nice range of ages.  Plus, the bartenders and servers are great and know their bourbon.
I've been passing by this restaurant frequently ever since it opened and I have always been curious to see how it was.  I'm glad I finally have!

Decor - really spacious & nicely decorated.  nice restaurant/bar atmosphere especially with the live music - cool vibe.

Food - For appetizers, we tried the oysters, the sausage flat bread, & crab cakes.  The oysters were large and juicy but didn't have much flavor to it.  The sausage flatbread had good toppings but we felt that the bread should have been crisper & less soggy.  Crab cakes were delicious!  The kettle chip crust on the crab cake was so good!  For entrees, we had the salmon & fried chicken.  Fried chicken had hints of old bay seasoning infused into it.

Overall, I really like the atmosphere of the place & will definitely come back.  I want to try the drinks next time!  The waiter also told us that they are changing the menus so they have more of a "southern" touch to their foods.  Some of those new additions are the catfish & fried chicken.
Made a reservation here for Thanksgiving about 2 weeks ago. Yesterday they called and left a message asking that I call back to confirm the reservation. 

When I called back, I was asked for a credit card to hold the reservation and that if I cancelled I would be charged the full amount of the reservation and issued a gift card in that amount. 

The best part was when I then said to cancel my reservation, the girl on the phone said "you mean you don't want to keep your reservation???" As though she was shocked and that how dare I cancel at this top notch restaurant. Absolutely rude and condescending. 


I have no problem using a credit card for a reservation. My problem is that this policy is nowhere on their website, and they all of a sudden need a credit card. In my opinion, they saw a demand for tables and decided to enact this policy. They waited until a week before Thanksgiving so that people would not have a choice. Well guess what - we do have a choice. I booked my table of 8 elsewhere, AND happily left a card number to confirm, because this was made known on the original reservation call.



Bad business. Greed will get you nowhere.
I'm so glad that my friend who lives nearby Twisted Tail took me here! I will be back because I had a great experience. The service is friendly, the atmosphere is very warm and welcoming and the drink list and menu have something for everyone to enjoy. 

I was here on a Tuesday night and there was an autistic performance from Niki Sbaffoni and she was wonderful! The music really added to the southern flare of the place. 

Their mixed drink menu is amazing. Try the Kool Kat! It's made with fresh cucumbers and pear vodka. It's a perfect refreshing drink. I also ordered a cobb salad and it was delicious. It was in the appetizer section but it filled me up enough to be a full meal. The ranch dressing it was served with was a new recipe house-made and very tasty. 

Go here and you will def. want to go back too!
I went to the Twisted Tail after hitting a few other places earlier in the evening.  I was having a cool evening with friends and we happy to find this cool place to bring our night to a close.  It was super crowded, but we hung out and stood real close to a few people sitting at the bar and they finally got the hint and we grabbed their seats....LOL

Although it was busy, the bar keep and was patient and friendly.  I enjoyed the energy of the patrons and I think it was because it was different age groups here and that was a nice balance.  
We ordered some appetizers and drinks and both we pretty good.  I had the lamb meatballs and friends had the cheese plate.  

I would go back to really enjoy the atmosphere when it is less crowded.  I also like the neighborhood.
This is primarily based on drinks and the upstairs bar.  I have not eaten any food here yet.

I think this place has a cool vibe and I could see myself coming back here.  There is ample space so you don't feel cramped and the service staff seemed quite professional.

We saddled up at the downstairs bar for a little bourbon tasting.  They have a pretty extensive bourbon menu which I was impressed with.  I went with the Evan Williams Single Barrel which was pretty awesome.

After the bunch of us were about to leave, the bartender asked us if we had been "upstairs" yet.  Apparently upstairs they have a whiskey bar, live band, awesome lounge area, shuffleboard and darts.  Yeah, the upstairs is where it's at in this spot.  We ended up staying decently late watching people dance (rockabilly) and playing some mean shuffleboard.

The menu looked good enough but I can't comment on food quality.  I'll get here soon and post an updated review.
This was the 3rd time I've been to Twisted Tail and it has yet to disappoint me. I took my parents here for Easter brunch and we had a delicious meal. I had the chicken and waffles...super yummy. The chicken was fantastic and they had caramalized pineapple on top--great touch! Mom had red velvet pancakes and dad had the chicken club--both of them enjoyed it. The fries are great--love the old bay seasoning. The thing I like about this place is that the menu changes and they have great specials. We skipped drinks and a cheese plate this time. The other times I have been here, the staff has made great recommendations on both. Seating is great both indoors or out (I prefer outdoors for the people watching). The staff is fantastic. Great service, never have to ask for refills on anything. And apparently they have live music here too. I'll be back to check it out again. Definitely becoming a favorite spot of mine!
I was so pleasantly surprised by this place.  Everything was amazingly executed, perfectly cooked, and our server Shawn was one of the most knowledgable servers I've ever had.  We decided to do the $45/person tasting menu which is honestly such a steal.  We chose the following items:

The octopus: Best octopus I have EVER had.  You could cut it with a fork.  Not chewy in the slightest.  The flavor from the char was incredible.

The burrata and roasted carrots: The flavor combination of the carrots, burrata, and candied pecans was to die for.

The ribs: I've never had ribs before, so that's why we got them.  They were great.

The duck: My entree, wow.  Perfect medium rare, so tender.  The accompanying sides perfectly complimented it.  I can't believe I'm saying this but it was even better the next day.

Swordfish: Bae's entree. I just had one bite, but it was so meaty, flavorful and juicy.

The crawfish mac & cheese: After all the food I've mentioned, we could barely touch this, but it was amazing just like everything else.

The beignets: So fluffy and delicate.  The perfect level of sweetness.  Straight up next level delicious.

For drinks I had the thyme after thyme which was incredible and the ice wine for dessert.  I had never even heard of ice wine before, but so glad I got to try it.  Perfect pairing with the beignets.

TL;DR This place is fucking incredible, and I cannot speak highly enough of it.  Eat here ASAP.
We went there last night and had so much fun! The food is good, Music a lot of fun and they even have a Shuffle Board table-it's about time Philly, especially in Head House Sq, got some good Blues music and food!!!!
Great food and fun atmosphere! I came here for restaurant week with some friends and got to try a few different dishes. I tried the burrata, crawfish mac n cheese, rosemary and honey fried chicken, and the beignets. The mac n cheese was probably my favorite--rich, creamy, and filling. I was also surprised with how large the serving was for the fried chicken; I had leftovers for sure. It was also deliciously seasoned, hot, crispy, and tender. The honey was perfect and subtle but added to the whole experience. The beignets were also great, although traditionally they're served with powdered sugar, and here it was like a sugar/cinnamon coating. The bourbon caramel sauce was also pretty delish. It can get pretty noisy in there, so just keep that in mind depending on what kind of experience you're looking to have. Our service was also a little slow, but it didn't bother us too much. Everyone there was so nice and accommodating.
I'll get right to the food. Overall, it was not  so good. We ordered the 'Fire Roasted Burger', we expected a little heat/kick  but we didn't visibly see or taste any poblano pepper... the burger was dry & boring (did they forget the peppers?). The Buttermilk chicken sandwich  was completely lacking in any flavor. It was as if the chicken was dipped in buttermilk at the very last minute  (instead of being properly marinated for any period of time). The breading became separated from the chicken, the cheddar cheese was solidified. The complimentary cornbread & biscuits with honey butter was very good. The skin-on french fries were also good. 

We like the decor of the inside (a big change from the previous Kildare's Pub). They have a fairly decent beer selection and a very nice bourbon/whiskey menu. Our server was great. We were also served by the manager (or hostess?) who was excellent/super friendly.  We liked the background music.

Because of the music & good service, I'm still gonna give them a respectable three stars which earns them another try in my book. Next time if we are in the area we are going to order a flight of bourbon and sit at the bar and maybe try a few of the other food offerings.
Stopped by this place for a drink after eating dinner in the area. The place was cool! I never find myself in this part of the city so I was excited to try something new and different. We stayed upstairs for most of the time that we were there. The bar up there was pretty crowded when we strolled in around 9pm. However, the bartenders were super attentive and very helpful in choosing the right beer for me. They even came to our side of the bar and said that two beers had been open accidentally and offered them to us for free. That's a super win in my book! 

I wish we could have stayed in the bar area because there was a live bar, but the only seating other than the bar is reserved seating for table service and those expecting to order food. IT was a shame; BUT they had another separate room where the music was dampened with shuffle board, couches, darts board, and a fireplace. It was a good atmosphere, but the seating was definitely limited. Super plus to this section, however, was that the windows opened which helped to cool down the overheating from being pushed to near the fire. The reason for 3 stars? The overall layout of this place made it tough to enjoy the atmosphere. I could see myself coming back to check out the food if I'm in the area again but it definitely won't be my go to for a drink around this time.
Rainy Sunday & I didn't feel like venturing far for brunch so we stopped by to try Twisted Tail again.

It was empty (prob due to the rain) but their brunch menu has a nice selection.  There are usual choices like pancakes but they also offer their specialties like crawfish mac n cheese, crab cake sandwich, buttermilk chicken...

I had the breakfast burrito (eggs, bacon, pulled pork with sweet/tomato-y sauce).  It was ordinary to me & not much better than one I could find at a deli.  My bf ordered the steak & eggs -- very disappointed.  The steak was very dry with no accompanying sauce & the eggs sunny side up were slightly off.  Err...I liked the fries though!

Okay & overpriced food but I would only come back when there's no where left to go.  They do draw quite the crowd for their live music.  Also -- free buffet on Wed nights if you eat at the bar!!
Large selections of tapas like foods, we tried so many different things. Food and service were both quite great.

It is very, very loud though, so don't expect to be able to have a conversation easily.
I went here for Mothers day and had a pretty interesting encounter. While the staff was friendly, the service was lacking. From the time we entered the restaurant until the time we left, we continually received conflicting pieces of information regarding the menu items and the availability.

We tried the chicken wings for an appetizer. The wings were seasoned well but they had too much fat on them. For an entree I had the soft shelled crab & brussel sprouts. Although the sprouts were a side dish, they stole the show. The soft shelled crab was good. My gf had fried chicken. Since she only wanted white meat, we were told we could get 2 breast  (since we were sharing). However, when the food came out, she was served a huge breast which was too big to cut, so I just tasted a small piece. The skillet cornbread was very tiny. 

Over, the flavors were ok, and the staff was accommodating but this will go on my list of one and done. The food was ok, but nothing wowed me....
I came here for restaurant week with my mom and partner. This was our third restaurant week dinner of the week and, while we were excited to try a new spot, we definitely weren't expecting the fabulous experience we had at the twisted tail.

First of all, our server (Colleen) was FABULOUS. We had spent the week drooling over the menu posted online for restaurant week, but were disappointed when we arrived, to see that the real menu was missing a few of our picks. Colleen was quick to ask the kitchen if we could make substitutions and they were completely accommodating. Her suggestions were thoughtful and enthusiastic. You could definitely tell that she loves working there (and eating/drinking there).  

We each had four courses for $35 (in my opinion, a fabulous deal). We also tried a flight of cocktails made with all of their house infused spirits. We had a margarita with cranberry tequila (the best of the three), one with apple pie moonshine and cinnamon and one with bourbon/ginger/lemon. All were tasty but I'm not much of a drinker...the food, on the other hand, was dreamy for me. 

I had the smoked/grilled lamb heart with shaved carrots, pomegranate, picked grapes and puffed sorghum. It was perfectly balanced and lovely. I've never had heart prepared so well. My momma had grilled octopus with andouille sausage and potatoes (AMAZING) and my partner had baby carrots glazed in honey and bourbon. They were honestly probably the best bite of the night overall. 

Next up, duck nuggets with persimmon mostarda. Oh. My. God. They were the best. I'm dreaming about them.  Giant croquettes of duck confit, fried crispy and served with pickles parsnips. Wow. Mom had shrimp and polenta (tasty and well seasoned) but not my favorite. Partner had Mac and cheese with the best bacon either of us have ever tried. Omg. 

For mains, I had PERFECTLY cooked short ribs (they fell asleep when I touched it with my fork) with amazing butternut squash purée and charred baby carrots/onions. It was a wow. My partner had braised pork shank over mash. Also a wow. Mom had butter poached cod with textures of parsnip and sunchoke. Also amazing.

Dessert was a birch beer float with perfect homemade sugar cookies, poached pairs with vanilla ice cream and ricotta beignets with bourbon caramel. The vanilla ice cream from the float and pears as well as the pears themselves were things of beauty. 

Also, we brought home some of their country ham and WHOA. it was delicious. 

Long story short. I'll be back. Soon...
Amazing vibe and atmosphere. Great music. Food was delicious but I was still hungry after. Small serving sizes.
My boyfriend and I hit up The Twisted Tail for the 5th night of Restaurant Week, and I'm so glad that we added this place to our list! Everyone, from the hostess, to our server- Stephanie, to the floor manager was so friendly and warm. The floor manager came over to assure me that the kitchen was notified of my shellfish & peanut allergy, and that we were good to go- which was very reassuring!

The restaurant is very cozy, with a fairly large bar. It's kind of a pet peeve of mine when you go to a restaurant and are asked to wait for your table at a bar that has no space available, but that's not the case here. Since we arrived early for our 7:30 reservation, we were given the option to be seated early or to have a drink at the bar first. We chose to be seated early. 

We basically shared everything that we ordered, which was: the burrata, broccolini, veal meatballs, chorizo taco, fried chicken, salmon, apple cake, and beignets. The burrata, broccolini, fried chicken, apple cake and beignets were highlights for me. I don't typically eat meat, but I went with the fried chicken and was not disappointed at all. The meat itself was very flavorful. When Stephanie came to check on us, she noticed that my boyfriend's chorizo taco was pretty much untouched, and offered to swap it for something else, which was very nice, as he did not like it at all.

My boyfriend is a whiskey aficionado, and decided to give the Balvennie 14 Yr Peat Cask a try, and he absolutely loved it. I had the black cherry gimlet, and it is hands down my new favorite cocktail. We enjoyed the live musician who sang covers of James Taylor and Norah Jones very well.

The Twisted Tail is a bit out of the way for us, but I'd be willing to bet that we'll be back, if not for dinner, then for drinks and to enjoy the live music. :)
My bf and I had dinner here on Friday night. It was a beautiful night and we ate outside. We enjoyed looking at the fountain and watching cars try to parallel park.

Everything was perfect. Our waiter Anthony was the best server that I have had in a long time. Not only was he super friendly and sincere, but he was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks. The bourbon options seemed endless and Anthony was able to give a description on any bourbon that we asked about and made great recommendations. I was really impressed by his memory.  Since I am not a big bourbon drinker, he made some tequila recommendations which I loved. I strongly recommend the pineapple tequila. The beer menu is also pretty big and I think I found my new favorite beer- "Flying Dog Raging Bitch".

The food was great. The name suits the place because it is Southern food with a twist. The complimentary popcorn was so good. It was flavored with bacon and some other flavors. If movie theater popcorn tasted this good, I would visit the movies more often. The crawfish mac and cheese is a must. It is a pretty big appetizer so you may get filled up on just the mac n cheese appetizer if eating it alone. The shrimp and grits were great. The shrimp were large and very fresh and the grits just may be the best grits I have had in the Philly area. 

The inside is also pretty big with a nice decor. This is a unique restaurant and definitely worth trying. I can't wait to come back and try some of their charcoal grilled plates, 

The menu is priced just right. Most entrees were $19 and appetizers about $9-$10. The drinks were priced appropriately for the area. I recommend taking advantage of the flights. 

I just wish that they would put the menu on their website, but it seems like they change up their menu throughout the year so maybe that is why they don't.
I love Twisted Tail. It's the best place to go if youre a whiskey or scotch lover. They have an extensive menu of drinks including Japanese whiskeys. The live music just adds a great touch. Its a very elegant 2 story place. On weekends the upstairs area is open with live music, weekdays its downstairs. The food is fresh and delicious. I love the burrata. This is definitely my go to place.
It's honestly hard to describe The Twisted Tail...the best description I can provide is a tapas-style upscale-American restaurant with Southern influences. What that means is the plates are small and meant to be shared at the table (a point hammered home by the waitress, no personal meals here). Prices are a bit high so expect to pay $40-50 per person after all is said and done, but the food is excellent. 

Ambiance: Weathered and live edge wood, painted bricks with a dark color scheme. During the day, the large windows near the front let in plenty of light that helps to counter act the dark woods throughout. The focal point of restaurant is a well-decorated bar which is near the center of the room.

Food: An eclectic mixture of Southern and Mediterranean dishes. You have your staples like mac 'n cheese, but also lamb meatballs and grilled octopus. Food is meant to be shared and comes out at different times (which I assume is to facilitate sharing as your friends order will come out before and you are so hungry that you just steal a piece). They describe the portion sizes are increasing as you go down the menu, but it varied significantly. For example, the mussels and lump crab cake are both considered "large". Whereas the mussels could feed 2-3 people, the crab cake would be considered petite for 1 person.

Service: Bartender was excellent and provided good recommendations. Waitress was nice, but a bit pushy with the sharing concept.

Drinks: The Twisted Tail has a very respectable cocktail menu. Prices are a bit on the high side, but the drinks are excellent. Beer menu isn't as extensive, but still respectable. Punch bowls are a fantastic option for a group and would highly recommend!
I don't remember the first time that I ever came to the Twisted Tail. That's because I have been going for so many years and so often. 

Once, I went for my birthday. The bartender was serving up the "Bartender's Choice" special. She told me she was instructed by the manager to serve up anything I want with grape vodka. The first drink was kind of gross. She asked me what I thought and I told her the truth and ordered my usual, Rittenhouse Rye 100 Manhattan on the rocks with extra cherries. She served it up with a smile and an apology for the first one. I didn't mind! She wound up giving me both drinks for free for my birthday. What a sweetheart! I came there again and again and again after that.

In my time there I have grown to love the tuna tartar and the mac and cheese. I definitely recommend them!

The twisted tail is hands down the best place to try whiskey in Philadelphia. They have so many different kinds and the bar staff makes me feel right at home. For dinner, it's a bit expensive but the food is delicious! Try their mac and cheese or the tuna. They are amazing! Come on the weekends at night for live music and dancing.
Twisted Tail has been on my go to list for quite sometime... Why it took me so long to get here I have no idea... but for me it seems I came at the perfect time. It was a late night after walking broad street having a few drinks, I was starving and actually ready to break a month long fast. We stepped into Twisted Tail and actually was a bit more upscale than I had pictured... there was a lively event going on upstairs... we were seated downstairs close enough to hear the music and feel included, but not too close to be bothered by it since we came primarily for the food.  We had a very knowledgeable waiter and after Pershing the menu and seeing a ton of things we wanted we decided on the tasting menu so we could eat a variety or things... best decision! Everything was fantastic... there were definitely some rock stars... as simple as it seems... the fig salad was to die for fresh and flavorful... the perfect starter for what was to come. The lamb chops were also really good, loved it... honorable mention for the oysters and the crab cake. The entrees were also really good we had the grilled hanger steak with potatoes the real star was the braised short ribs, so good! For dessert although I'm not a chocolate fan, it's hard for me to pass up on bread pudding so we went for the chocolate bread pudding and it did not disappoint.. it was so good! And while we ate and enjoyed we washed it down with one of their punch bowls... which was just as our waiter described... it was fun.. a little heavy on the ice, but it kept us hydrated... all in all was an excellent dinner out, I will definitely return... sooner than later.
A++

I've been here a bunch for brunch and drinks and I always have a great experience. We recently had my niece's baptism brunch here and it was WONDERFUL. We got the upstairs room and it was perfect for about 15 people. It was 3 courses and 3 different choices family style. The wait staff was quick, attentive, friendly and made the day special for us. We were able to bring our own cake and there was ample space for hanging out, drinking, gifts, etc.

I highly, highly recommend this spot for any special occasion or even just a date night/dinner out with friends.
We went there for Thanksgiving dinner since there was only 3 of us.  Prix fix menu 47.00 for "family style".
Pros: The waitress was very nice and the food was good.
Cons:  Extremely over-priced.  47.00 for a very small amount of turkey, a few brussel sprouts, tiny portions of mashed & sweet potatoes and a few baked beans (for some reason?).  They only had apple pie left for dessert though the menu listed pumpkin and pecan also, so they brought out "beignets" which seemed just like Dunkin Donuts munchkins.  The tiny little apple pie was enough for one person.   We spent money for drinks while we waited for our table (yes, we had a reservation) then we ordered more drinks with food because no drink was included.  No bread on the table or even a biscuit, not even coffee with our "dessert".  This was supposed to be a Thanksgiving dinner and not only did we leave there feeling hungry, but like we were just ripped off.   We would have been much better off at a diner.
Here's the update.  We did receive a very professionally written note from the manager/owner apologizing.  I decided to come in last Saturday night for drinks and live music with a date - no dinner.  
$5 cover for the live blues music upstairs, which was well worth it.  She was incredible, such a nice change of pace to have live(non-cover band) musics in Philadelphia.  The bartenders were very good and made a great old fashioned.
Came here for brunch with my girlfriend and this spot did not disappoint! 

The service and atmosphere were both great. They have a nice outdoor seating area with umbrellas set up for shade. Definitely had good vibes here.

We got the cheeseboard, turkey club, fried chicken sandwich, and the sweet potato fries. Everything was amazing. I particularly liked the cheeseboard. It had a nice spread of cheese, apple jam, and about 8-10 pieces of bread. The fried chicken in my sandwich was also cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.

I will definitely be coming back here!
My boyfriend lives a few blocks from The Twisted Tail, and every time we walk by we check out the menu and say we are gonna go. So when hesaw them listed for Restaurant Week, he made a reservation for 8 PM on a Tuesday night. For $35 we were promised 4 delicious courses: an appetizer, something from the charcoal grill, an entree, and dessert. 

The Twisted Tail was not crowded, and we walked into live music. Apparently The Twisted Tail has live music every night except Mondays. The downstairs was pretty big, and is split into two dining sections with a bar connecting each. 

After quickly placing our order, we were brought the most delicious popcorn I've ever had to snack on before our meals came. I wish they would package it up and sell it! 

To go along with our meals, we ordered the infusion flight for $15. Together we split three mini drinks, each more delicious than the next. It was the perfect way to try something I never would have ordered. The blueberry infusion was killer. 

First came out the Charcoal Grilled food, we ordered King Oyster Mushrooms and Shishito Peppers. Both dishes were delicious. The Shishito Peppers were a simple dish, I expected them to be spicy- luckily they were not. The King Oyster Mushrooms were super meaty and full of flavor. 

Next we received our appetizers, Country BBQ Spare Ribs and Pulled Pork Empanadas. The Ribs were my favorite part of the meal, the meat fell right off the bone. I will be coming back for them. The Empanada was also delicious. We cleaned the plates. 

We had a hard time picking out our entrees, and everything looked delicious. We ended up going with the Grilled Flatiron Steak and the BBQ Glazed Salmon. Both were 5 star entrees and I really want to come back to try the Braised Short Ribs and the Crab Cakes. 

We finished off our meal the Dark Chocolate Brownie and the Apple Cobbler- both baked to perfection and the perfect way to end a great meal. 

Not only was the food delicious, but the staff was amazing and super professional. We sat in Olive's section and she was great, very attentive. 

Overall The Twisted Tail provided a fine dining experience in a casual environment.
The food was DELICIOUS but you'll leave hungry and with an empty wallet. The setting and service is impeccable and casual with a spin of elegance. We had the whipped ricotta, that is a MUST! It was our favorite! It's savory with a bit of tart from the lemon. I would go back just for the ricotta. The chorizo taco was so/so. The quail was fabulous! Perfectly seasoned and cooked. The rib ravioli was tasty but my teenager was still starving afterwards. I had to give him half of the chorizo taco and he was still hungry. Sssoooo great for a very light and very expensive stop on your way to an actual dinner. But it IS DELICIOUS.
I saw this restaurant on the center city restaurant week menu but we couldn't make it.

We decided to go a few weeks later and found the ambiance to be very nice and it was full of happy guests.

We had the chicken and braised short rib. Both were good, but I found them to be missing seasoning (salt, pepper, etc.).
Right now, my favorite happy hour spot in Philadelphia. They do happy hour every day with a few drinks and food specials. Always have to get the $1 oysters which are fresh and well-cleaned.  I've tried most other dishes on the happy hour menu and all are delicious - elevated above bar food that I originally expected from here. 

Service has also been great! We wanted outdoor seats one day for happy hour and made reservations but when we showed up all tables were full. It was in the height of Covid restrictions and they told us they have a hard time predicting how long people were going to hang out at tables, not their fault. They made sure to give us the happy hour specials even beyond the time since we were seated later than we had reserved. Truly appreciated and I will continue to go back again and again!
One of my fellow diners summed up our experience best by saying "I really wanted to love this place."  I did! But alas, we left feeling anything but love for The Twisted Tail.  In fact, this might be one of the worst dining experiences ever.  In summary, terrible service and so-so food led to a painful 3 hour meal.  For those of you interested in the details, read on.

Our group of 5 had a reservation at 7:30pm Wednesday night of restaurant week. Upon arrival the hostess asked us to go to the bar After 30 minutes one of us went to check in to see if our table was ready. Nope.  Another 15 minutes later we went back and conveniently the hostess was "just coming to get us".  It wasn't crowded so I'm not sure why we couldn't have been seated elsewhere instead of waiting 45 minutes for the previous group of 5 gabbing girls to leave.  As an aside, said group of girls received their check well before they actually got up and left. It would have been nice if the hostess would have politely asked them to move along to the bar because another group was waiting. Famished, we sat down and started to salivate in anticipation of the pending meal. Another few minutes passed before we met our server.  After some brief deliberation over menu items we each ordered all four courses at once.  Thirty minutes later the first course made its way out to our table. (Some complimentary cornbread to hold us over would've been a nice touch as it was an hour and a half after our planned dining time). Silence fell over the table as we scarfed the crawfish mac 'n cheese x 3 (there were 2 crawfish in one bowl...TWO), the shishito pepper salad (literally a bowl full of grilled peppers...my stomach is still burning a day later), and mussels.  Overall it was just okay. Anxious for the next course conversation resumes at the table and we wait ANOTHER 30 minutes. This time we have the mushroom salad, corn on the cob, empinadas, and sausage x2.  The flavors of each were unremarkable.  ANOTHER 30 minutes passed and the entrees arrive (are you kidding me? What are they doing back there?!):  2 orders of crab cakes and 3 chickens in a bag.  The crab cakes were tasty and a way better deal than the chicken in a bag which basically looked and tasted like KFC. On the menu the chicken in a bag was to be accompanied by sweet potato fries.  There was a whopping TWO fries in each of the bags. At this point we still had dessert on deck...cue another 30 minute wait except this time they surprised us and it was only a 20 minute wait.  Either way, we were all ready to be done and get the heck out of there. Unfortunately we forgot to ask for our check as soon as dessert came and then it took another 10 minutes for our server to reappear.  Finally, at 10:30pm, THREE HOURS after our reservation we walked out of there.  This was the most egregiously long and unfulfilling dining experience I've ever had, and that's why I'm giving it one star.  If I could give 0 I would. It should be noted that half of that one star goes for the good music and people dancing but that's not nearly enough to make me go back. Ever.  What a disappointment.  If anyone from the management is reading this PLEASE learn to manage your customers' expectations and improve your service. Throughout this whole ordeal we received ONE apology, a semi-sincere "Sorry about the wait" when we were seated.
Stopped in for dinner on July 4th around 8:30. I was alone so I sat at the bar. I got an ice water fairly quickly. It took a bit for my order to be taken. I asked for the scallops and the steak tartar. The bartender came back a bit later informing me that the scallops were apparently 86'ed. I told her just the steak then. I had also ordered a cocktail but unfortunately, it never came. I'd possibly expext this sitting at a table, but not at the bar. The tartar came out quickly (I mean, it doesn't have to be cooked), it tasted pretty good. It was prepared with horseradish and served with a yolk, grated cheese and 6 pieces of toast (some of which were burnt). I finished my meal and that's when she offered to make my drink but I had to leave by then so I told her to forget it. One small tapas plate isn't much to review, I know. This place is cute and I loved the menu but the service could use work.
This place has a beautiful, rustic, interior. Went here for resturant week, and honestly, one of the best menus I've experienced for the deal. With 4 courses, and so many options for each course. However, one questions that if for that reason, not all dishes are created equal? I got the mushroom toast which was an absolute delight, and the mussels with some of the most amazing toasted bread I've ever had.

My greatest heartbreaks?  Had to have been the crawfish mac n cheese, that really lacked in flavor, texture, and excitement. I realize this is a very popular item, however, the mac was tasteless, the cheese was soupy, and the crawfish were just...there.  Finally, for dessert, the caramel beignets which I was disappointed to find, were just donut holes with a sugar coating, and a caramel dipping sauce.  

The service was great excellent, and they even brought out freshly buttered popcorn after we ordered to have us munch on something while we waited, which wasn't long at all...really nice touch.

Overall, YES, I will definitely go again (maybe not during restaurant week), the environment is great, service great, options great, and the food I believe I just caught on a partially off day.
Idiot waiter. Didn't know what was sold out or what a pimms cup is. Took too long to ask for order. We got bored. 
Not enough value. The wait made it worse. Wait a long time for a small bit of food.
I had the pleasure of dining at The Twisted Tail for restaurant week.  I thought I was picking someplace new for my mother and wife to dine at.  We kinda started a restaurant week tradition.  Upon arrival they both reminded me that we had dined there previously for restaurant week, jokes on me.  We lucked up and got a parking spot right out front.  On the way down we were running late and the hostess pushed our reservation back with no problem.  We entered the establishment and were taken to the upstairs dining area. We were seated at a long community style table which was fine because we're friendly and nobody else was seated with us.  Our waitress took our drink order and explained the menu.  Me and the missus ordered their old fashioned and it was delicious, warmed us right up.  For our appetizer we picked the kale salad, swordfish skewers, and mushroom toast.  The kale salad with golden raisins and sherry vinaigrette was tasty.  My wife loved the mushroom toast.  The dish had plenty of fresh mushrooms cooked perfectly over a thick piece of toast.  The least favorite on the table were the swordfish skewers which were dry.

Our second course consisted of crawfish mac n cheese, veal meatballs, and smoked wings.  The veal meatballs were enjoyed by all.  They were tender and had a delicious rich flavor.  I enjoyed the crawfish mac n cheese more than my partners.  I enjoyed the tasty bites of crawfish and the cheese sauce melded with the macaroni. The least favorite were the wings. I think the smoke flavor could have been more prominent.

For our third course we had the fried chicken, braised short rib, and shrimp and grits.  The braised short rib was extremely tender and yummy.  The grits were creamy and rich. The shrimp served with the head still attached were cooked perfectly and delicious.  We were running outta room so the fried chicken didn't get tasted that evening.  The wife had it the next day and gave it a thumbs up.

Dessert consisted of beignets, apple cake, and chocolate panna cotta.  The chocolate panna cotta was amazing. It was rich and velvety smooth.  The beignets were light and tasty.  The apple cake was the least favorite. It looked great but fell a lil short on taste.

We finished the night with a tower that had one bourbon one scotch and one beer a play on the blues song.

Another successful restaurant week in the books for me and the ladies thanks to The Twisted Tail.
I would like to give the Twisted Tail 3.5 stars, if that were possible. I will lean towards the three star because of our less than stellar experience with our server. We decided to eat at The Twisted Tail based on it being featured in the show "Girl Eats World". We planned our whole day trip to Philly around it, in fact, expecting great things. I suppose these great expectations are why we felt a little bit let down.

We ordered the Grilled Kale salad to start, followed by Smoked Bacon Mac n' Cheese for me and Honey Fried Chicken with Hoppin' John for my hubby. We also had the cocktail flight and the beer flight (we were feeling experimental). The default mini cocktails were too sweet, and the beers were mediocre. The salad was quite good, and I had never had grilled Kale before. The Mac n' Cheese was very good but it tasted exactly like the version I make at home (which is a good AND a bad thing, I guess?). The Honey Fried Chicken was a little bit sweet from the honey, and well-cooked, but nothing to write home about.

Based on the menu, it quickly became clear to me that it was a southern-themed restaurant, which I would not have able to guess based on the name. The Twisted Tail, to me, indicates some sort of English Pub, not a southern-themed restaurant with live music upstairs. The  decor also seemed very disjointed.

The kicker was the terrible service from our waiter. She was very short with us and had no patience  or suggestions when we were trying to decide what to order. We also had a very interesting experience with a bus boy. He asked my husband "Are you done with that?" and he said "Nope, last bite", and the busboy said "No rush" as he literally stood there and watched my husband take his last bite. It was so awkward. As soon as my husband put his fork down, the busboy immediately whisked the plate away as if he had a deadline to meet.

Overall, I don't think I would return. There are just too many great restaurants in Philly to explore.
I went here yesterday for an early Sunday dinner and we split a bunch of plates for the table-tomato flatbread, tuna, crabcake, smoked wings, Brussels sprouts, cornbread , and an apple crisp for dessert. 

Everything was delicious but I think the Brussels Sprouts were my favorite-super crispy and topped with a bacon vinaigrette. 

Our waitress was really friendly and all of our food came out pretty quickly. They have happy hour every day so I may try that next!
What a lovely dinner experience! 

Ambiance - 
I love the rustic and intimate ambiance of Twisted Tail. The rustic charm allows you to experience an upscale atmosphere while not feeling that it's stuffy and pretentious - we felt that we could come as we were and kick back and relax without worry. While there was no live music the night we visited (Monday is the only day they don't have live music), we don't feel that this took away from the experience at all and we look forward to returning on a busier night. 

Food - 
Twisted Tail does comfort food right - with a nice variety of classic dishes cooked to perfection and presented artfully to remind you that you're enjoying a night on the town. The restaurant offers a tasting menu which includes 7 courses for $45/person. We didn't opt for it based on our appetite but based on what we saw at other tables the portions were sized appropriately and it looked more than worth it for the cost - would highly recommend you come hungry. We started with a cheese plate and loved that we could make our own selections as well as rely on the waiter's excellent recommendations. For the main course, we ordered A La Carte and really enjoyed the Fried Chicken and corn bread - tasted delicious and had us both leaving with doggy bags as the portions were large. 

Drink-
Twisted Tail offers an extensive selection of whiskey and bourbon at all price points. We enjoyed a flight which included two pours of whiskey and a half pint of stout. This is a great place for whiskey lovers or for those who want to enjoy a flight. I love how accessible the wine list is here - they kept it small with many options under $60. 

Service-
Service is where Twisted Tail really stood out. Firstly, our waiter was highly knowledgeable and able to make recommendations throughout the meal that we enjoyed.  I had ordered a salad that I didn't really care for as a matter of personal preference, it was made well just a bit too much citrus for my personal tastes. The waiter sensed that I wasn't enjoying it and after several attempts for us to explain to him that it truly was fine and that he didn't need to do anything, he still removed it from the check and treated us to complimentary desserts at the end of the meal. This is what I call going above and beyond for service. Our water glasses never sat more than half empty. Would return to this place based on service alone - they truly care about providing you the best dining experience possible. 

Value -
Overall Twisted Tail is a must go. At these price points, I'd highly recommend making a date night to enjoy the 7 course tasting menu with a great bottle of wine from the list. Everything from the laid back atmosphere, intuitive waiters, to hearty homestyle dishes will make it an evening to remember and maybe even turn you into a regular. I know I can't wait to go back!
Twisted Tail took over the old Kildare's on Head House Square a while ago and I've been meaning to check it out for a good long while.  Recently, I wandered in on a Sunday and was treated to one of the best bar experiences I've ever had.

I went upstairs to the bar and ordered off of their specialty cocktail menu.  The bartender was quick, skilled and friendly.  The mint julep he made me was probably the best version of that drink I've ever had!  My date had some sort of fruity black cherry drink in an up glass that was similarly excellent.

Best of all was the live blues band rocking out on stage.  I was floored when I found out that the band was really an open mic jam session that they host on Sundays.  We were treated to some very good musicians who just showed up to play.  It made for a great atmosphere that I'll likely go back to experience again.

I can't say much about the food, since I only came in for drinks.  Somebody else was eating farther down the bar and whatever he was having smelled excellent.

My only gripe is with the prices, which are on the high side.  The drinks I ordered were on par with the menus at a lot of center city places ($8-10 a drink). However they were certainly high quality and well made, so I can't quibble much.  The food menu did seem on the high side, with most dishes over $15.

Great place though and definitely one I'll return to in the future.
Somehow I had never been here, but that was rectified on a Saturday night.  I met up with a large group and we were able to get a table and enjoy a few drinks.  I had a stout, others had a bourbon flight.  The music was a little loud downstairs to the point of having to walk out for a phone call, but otherwise no complaints.
Breakfast here isn't bad. A group of us met up for brunch and the food is savory and cooked right. The waiter was polite and accommodating to our vegan friend. I would go here again for brunch and have been here before for a birthday dinner celebration which was excellent.

The dinner we had was shared plates and we had a party of approximately 10 and everyone was full when we left and the drinks are decent too. Stop by if your in the area around Society Hill, Philadelphia.
Strolling through Headhouse Square on a late Sunday morning, you will be treated to the Farmer's Market and a flurry of shopping families. If you don't look closely, you might walk right by the Twisted Tail, formerly Kildares. I have not been in this incarnation yet, and probably wouldn't have bothered if the "Champagne Cocktails" sign hadn't lured me in. Despite having a reasonably priced brunch menu, there were only two tables dining and one couple at the bar at 11 am. I decided our next brunch excursion would take place here. Fighting the crowds at the popular Sabrina's just isn't worth the stack of pancakes I can get in an air-conditioned, classy bar. (n.b., they serve drinks in said bars!). I cannot comment on the food yet, but I can on cocktail service. We sat at the bar and ordered the half-priced bottle of champagne with a carafe of o.j., from the hipster bartender. He was more excited by his gin-soaked muddled blueberries, borne of a different cocktail altogether, but made a compelling argument for its appropriate introduction into my champagne. I never touched the o.j., such was the perfection of blueberry champagne. Did I mention the champagne was $15? For a whole bottle? Yes, I will find my way back to the Tangled Tail.....no, The Twisted Tea....wait, no The Tall Tale? Dang it--_TWISTED Tail. Or is it Tale? Whatever....
Definitely NOT a place we enjoyed on a Friday night. The crowd was a mix of hipsters and older people, an odd combination. There was a blues type band, which was pretty loud but not our type of music. The bartenders upstairs were shockingly slow. They literally ignored us for 20 minutes when we tried to get a drink. I've never seen slower service at a bar. We did enjoy the game of shuffle board, however, if you put your name on the list probably won't get to play until about an hour+ later, where we almost witnessed a fight over this. I liked the comfy chairs to relax and talk in that same room. However, there is a dart board there...so most people would assume could be used to play while there, so we went over to the lovely bar area again to ask for the darts, the woman bartender literally walked past us as if we didn't exist on her way out of the bar area (ok??), so we tried asking the next bartender, and he said they don't have darts and looked confused by that question as if we were the odd ones......???.....why....would...you...have....a....dartboard....? So that left us quite perplexed.

In the end, if there was better and friendlier service, different crowd, different band, and darts we would probably return! =)
Restaurant Week FTW!
We didn't realize though that they offer a variation of restaurant week everyday- $40 for four courses and you can choose off of the entire menu! I wish we would have known!
I made a reservation for a group of 8 and our table was ready for us as soon as we arrived. They were smart to put us in the back of the restaurant (we are an obnoxious bunch). The decor has a sexy southern vibe and the singer they had for the evening had the voice of an angel. The atmosphere was definitely what we were looking for. While waiting for the rest of our party, I ordered the Lynchburg Lemonade at the bar. This was easily one of the most drinkable and delectable Whiskey drinks I have ever tasted. Fresh basil, fresh lemonade and Tennessee Whiskey will make you wish summer is just starting and not ending.
Since we were between so many of the items, my roommate and I devised a plan: we would order different things so we could try almost all of the menu items.  Each dish kept getting more flavorful. The flavors were unique but provided a sense of familiarity due to the Southern Comfort type nature of the restaurant. Ill break our dinner down dish by dish so you know what to order in the future:
Charcoal Grill: 
Clams with Lemon: pretty standard, but were fresh. 7/10
Veal Bacon: special for the night, they ran out of the Lamb Meatballs. The homemade bacon made of veal was delicious, complete with a mustard seed. 8/10
Appetizers:
Beet Salad: adorable presentation, fresh and tasty beets, crunchy frisee and not overly dressed. 10/10
Crawfish Mac N' Cheese: unbelieveable. I'll leave it at that 10/10
Entrees:
Crabcakes: tiny, but full of crab with little, to no filler. 10/10 taste, 8/10 for size
Braised Short Rib: topped with an over easy egg, this savory dish was the clear cut winner of the night. The juices from the meat soaked the farro and the meat was so tender you didn't need a knife to cut through. 10/10
Dessert:
Beignets: so. good. 10/10
Coconut Panna Cotta: reminded me of a coconut flan, resting on top of a dried pineapple ring. Creamy and rich- a perfect ending. 10/10
This is my third time going to Twisted Tail.  We were a fan from the start.  The service is exceptional and friendly and the whole staff is super accommodating.  This time we went two days after Christmas and took along our two sons from out of town and their wives as well as our new 7 month old granddaughter.  They gave us a table that was roomy enough so that we didn't have to crowd in with the baby.  The food was excellent the drinks were incredible and I know I'll be back.  Absolutely LOVE the place.
This was such a disappointing restaurant. My friends and I were in Philly for a reunion and we came here for dinner. My mac and cheese looked great, but was surprisingly bland tasting and was very disappointing. My friends all had a similar reaction to their food and we didn't enjoy the food at all. Furthermore, we were as far as possible from the band that night, but still couldn't hear each other over them and we just didn't have a good experience overall.
Oh my god I hate this place SO MUCH.  Following review is for drinks only.
TT is big and so seems like an okay option if you are with a bunch of people and want to take over the place, but its not worth it. 
Things I specifically despise: (1) terrible bartenders, who are inattentive and inefficient. Order drinks at one bar, and they wander away to mix your drink at some other far away location. Bartender apparently carrying a drink *into the bathroom* before giving it to a customer who might or might not have ordered it. They may forget your order entirely, and thus you are marooned at the bar for ages, and then they're like "Oh...uh...sorry," and wander away again.  Let me remind you that the place is *dead.*  *Dead!*  Its not like they are swamped with people. There are like 15 people in the whole place.  (2) One dollar up charge for each drink which appears on your receipt, not on the menu. You guys suck.
Had wanted to dine here for sometime, great recommendations from friends. Finally joined a friend to dine... Great Price Fix of four courses. We al ordered differently to share the experience... Sorry to say there were major problems on all courses... Undercooked seafood, fruits and the cauliflower steak basically "fresh" ly cut... Not cooked. Poached "hard as rock peaches". Great menu, venue and service ... Great vibe ! Seriously disappointed...
