My one and only experience here was brunching for my man's birthday. I made a 1pm reservation through OpenTable for a Saturday. As soon as we arrived, the hostess quickly approached us asking whether we'd like to sit indoors or outdoors - we chose to sit outside. It was one of the last few weekends of the summer!

We started our brunch off with a couple drinks - a beer for him and the Dear Prudence cocktail for me. Both were promptly served. My cocktail was kind of disappointing. It came with gin, Drambuie, grapefruit and champagne. The waitress warned me that the cocktail would have a whiskey taste to it because of the Drambuie but I was totally fine with that. Honestly, that's what pushed me to get it. It was something different from my usual drink of choice. Sadly, I didn't get that "whiskey taste" at all. The drink was pretty weak and I later wished I had just ordered a glass of champagne or wine instead of the cocktail. 

The Always Sunny Turkey Melt that I ordered for my entree was alright. The roasted turkey was good, but I felt like the egg was a little over cooked and the English muffin it came on was dry. I think it would have tasted a lot better if the egg was a bit runny. My entree came with a side of potatoes and a salad which were both grwat. I especially enjoyed the potatoes. They were really well cooked and tasty. 

All of the staff at The Love was very sweet. I appreciated the prompt service and our waitress checking in on us during our meal. For dessert, we enjoyed some carrot cake and the team was kind and thoughtful enough to include a "Happy Birthday" message on the plate after finding out we were there for a birthday celebration. 

Despite the good service though, I won't be hurrying back here due to the subpar food. The restaurant is quite beautiful, so if I am to return, it would be to check out the inside and I'd likely just stick to a glass of wine and get my food elsewhere.
The bread is nice and warm - good but don't add too much of the chive butter. It was very salty. 

Lobster spaghetti - This was okay. It wasn't bad but it was a bit too much butter so it felt heavy and greasy. We ordered it as an appetizer and split it so it worked but it would've been too heavy as a meal.

For my entree - I ordered the veal lasagna. This was delicious! Great combination of flavors with the veggies and sauce  - definitely filling. It was two square slices of lasagna - share if you want to try different plates. 

Cheese grits - I'm such a grits fan and I really like these grits!!!! They were the perfect texture and had a bit of a kick. 

Dessert - ordered the Cracker Jack sundae. If you like salted caramel - this dessert is for you!  The popcorn is literally Cracker Jack ha. The ice cream itself was delicious. It's a very sweet dessert!
Love The Love!

This Steven Starr signature restaurant is perfect for it's nuanced approach to New American. It's familiar but different, adds in the extra star power when necessary and pulls back to let the food shine. 

We came here for a Valentine's day brunch. We scored reservations early and planned ahead so we can park on one of the side streets and then make our walk over. Located where a lot of the action is, it's a well known spot and knows it. 

We were seated in the upstairs wing by the windows. It was a nice morning out so the people watching was pretty decent as was the general view of the outside. As with many places when dining out during COVID, we were limited to 90 minutes for our meal. We had to wear masks when moving around and only allowed to remove when seated and while eating or drinking. 

Our waiter started us off with waters and coffee and read off a special of strawberry scones with lavendar whipped cream as part of their Valentine's day menu. We were intrigued and ordered those in addition to our mains - a turmeric ravioli for her and a beet risotto for myself. There was some mix up with our scones and our neighboring table received our order. It was fixed in a jiffy and the waiter was nice enough to comp the scones given the snafu - thank you!

The meal was delish! I loved the fresh scones and lavender infused whipped cream it came with. Great way to start a brunch - filled with flaky bits of butter and carbs!

We worked our way through the scones pretty quickly and when our mains came out, we were ready to switch it up to something savory. The meals were definitely well developed and each bite had exceptional flavor! 

Our service was great - plenty of check ins, water and coffee refills, and friendly attitude. The ambiance in the place is whimsical and comfy, and we're made to feel the same from our service experience. 

Overall, had a great time trying out this place and hoping to keep coming back as the weather starts to get better!
OMG, it's happening. I fell in love with The Love! We met recently. Creamy truffled scrambled eggs, perfect crispy potatoes, sautéed spinach, the Posh Brunch. When I was presented with this item upon entering The Love, I was amazed by the delicious smell and the dreamy looks of this brunch dish.

In a nutshell: Hearty brunch, friendly service and--be aware--not very budget-friendly prices.

Four Yelps.
Gotta say it...I love The Love! 

On a bitter January night, the hub and I ventured out and scored a 9pm reservation at the new Stephen Starr spot. It's a smaller venue and being that the temperatures were arctic, it was crowded. The hostess advised there was a wait time even though we had a reservation (Friday night probs) and escorted us up to the upper floor via elevator.  Upstairs there is a cocktail bar (8 stools), cocktail app menu (full dinner available downstairs only) and a few lounge chairs. We scored some seats and ordered drinks. There is a semi-private room upstairs separating cocktail lounge with paned glass french doors that has a large table for parties, business meeting, etc. 

I started with the Almost Famous vodka and champagne cocktail. Sweeter than I normally drink, but bubbly good. My husband ordered the MacCallan 12 (they have some nice scotch) it took the chill off for sure.

We went downstairs after 15 min or so and sat at the larger downstairs bar for another cocktail and were seated by the time we ordered 3rd round. The ambience on a busy Friday night was not intimate, but resonated that joined hum of excitement that only new hip places can emit.

We started with the Farmers Market Salad and the Pumpkin Curry Soup. We do that annoying switch thing that long time couples do, but I'll risk looking lame for some curry soup any day. Both were amazing...scratch that...insanely good. I would go back, park at the bar, and eat both for lunch or light dinner.

For entrees we had the Crispy Salmon and the Short Rib Stroganoff. The salmon was cooked perfectly served with crunchy red beets and creme fraiche. A light but satisfying dish as opposed to the belly warming short rib stroganoff that my husband loved.

We topped it all off with cappuccinos as the love fest ended. You are going to wait...this is not a rushed meal so don't plan on seeing a show afterwards. The service is great, but slow, not uncommon for newer popular restaurants. That being said the food is worth the wait. We bundled and trekked back into frozen tundra with the warm and lovies.
I honestly don't even know where to begin with my experience here. Our server was extremely awkward and couldn't even explain what the special was to us in a way that we could even begin to understand. The cheese board came out and the manager who delivered it to us couldn't even tell us what the cheeses were without having to look at a note card. Now for the most interesting part of our dinner. The chairs here are extremely wobbly, and an older male fell out of his chair during our dinner. A stretcher had to come through the restaurant to get him off of the floor. This was my boyfriend and I's two year anniversary. Needless to say, it was completely ruined by our dinner at the Love.

And then to top off our experience, they presented us with two pieces of brittle for our anniversary. After everything that happened with our meal, you would think they would at least give us a normal/acceptable dessert.
Honestly, this is a much pricier version of Bud and Marilyn's. The menus are very similar (fried chicken, scallops, trout, pierogies, short rib stroganoff, blue cheese salad) and I have to say that B&Ms does these things as well as - or better than - The Love at a more reasonable price point, in a more comfortable space.

Drinks were delicious - we tried the Government Mule, A Very Good Bourbon Drink, and Rum No Coke. Beware the $1/pp house filtered water, unless you're into that kind of thing.

Food was for the most part, "fine" - the smoked whole trout was a standout - large fish and very tasty, and the poke was nicely presented but pretty standard. The gnocco fritto was ok (still confused on how to eat it), the fried chicken was good (though the grits and collards were not great, and for $30 we expected better), and the carrot cake sundae probably wasn't worth ordering.

The two of us were seated at one of the small tables on the outside of the dining room with both chairs facing into the restaurant as if on the sidewalk at Parc. That was kind of strange, and a little bit uncomfortable for our backs to be up against the wall like that, instead of facing each other. It's great when you're people-watching at brunch on Rittenhouse Square, but weird for an intimate dinner with your fiance.

I will say, the service was great - everyone was very friendly from the moment we walked in. The waitstaff was very nice and attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and quick to take away dishes that we were finished with to make more space on our tiny table.

Overall, not a BAD experience, but we probably won't be running back (we'll be running to Bud and Marilyn's instead!)
What I really LOVE about The Love is the interior and service. Forgive me I'm really bad with names but this past Sunday I dined at The Love 5:15pm, our server was great! When I arrived I was greeted by several friendly smiling faces. I waited a few minutes for my dining companion to arrive, once there we were promptly seated. This is where the fun begins. I was in total awe of the decor and the perfect lighting for the entire area.

Now seated we are going over the menu and the room. Our server provided detailed answers to each of our questions while being friendly and professional. He really had a nice twist to pouring my beer, firmly holding the base of the glass on a serving tray tilting while filling it, different and entertaining. He also explain the beer I ordered Helles Lager has historical connection with the Von Trapp family of 'The Sound of Music' fame etc. Good beer, brought out the Julie Andrews in me, singing in my head. I really enjoyed my meal of the Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Braised Collard Greens and grits. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the grits were creamy, maybe a little too much of what I believe was heavy cream and the greens slightly too sweet but overall tender with a good flavor. My concern was considering the prices of the entrees we paid for bread, albeit delicious with a great spread it was an additional $5. 

Regarding the service I understand the staff was attempting to be efficient and attentive by removing items in an attempt to clean up and to make sure all is well. However I would ask they please be aware of standing over, very close to food on the table. This will help avoid accidental spit or hair landing in the food. Also be mindful when lifting glasses near the mouth this is unsanitary and should be avoided. Maybe consider serving the food on one plate instead of so many separate bowls etc.

Overall I had a very good experience, the food was delicious, our dedicated server was great and the decor is beautiful.
The Love has great ambiance and a top location in Rittenhouse Square. The service was fabulous and the food delicious. It's a nice place for a special occasion. 

Although, some of their items carry a hefty price tag, such as the $42 Smoked Mediterranean Branzino my cousin ordered. Was it good? Yes, if you like smoked fish. Is it worth it? Not so sure. I ordered the Cauliflower Risotto and it was also very good and more affordable ($18). My husband ordered the Braised Brisket Fazzoletti ($23) and he found it delicious. 

And if there is room for dessert, definitely get the Rapture Blondie Sundae (totally forgot to get a picture). We also ordered the Chocolate Mousse bar, which seemed less mousse like and more dry than expected.
Been here twice, once for dinner and again today for brunch. Bottom line: both times were perfectly lovely and I'd come again. 

I made reservations for 2 the day before and I was seated outside per my request as soon as I arrived (well, after they took my temperature in the wrist. I didn't have to wait for my friend to arrive). In the beginning my waiter forgot that I had already given him my drink order (love drunk/their mule) but after that things went pretty smoothly. 

I ordered the scones which were warm and lovely but nothing special. I was between the chicken and waffles and the pancakes (I was avoiding the straight up egg dishes) and eventually decided on the lemon poppy pancakes with sour cherry sauce. Whew, that sauce was overpowering, it's very rare you can barely taste the lemon in a lemon dish but this was one of those times. The pancakes themselves were fluffy and had a great consistency so I enjoyed them despite. Very filling.  My friend loved her chicken and waffles. 

As for the drinks, while drinking my mule I thought to myself "this is very refreshing...im barely tasting any alcohol though.... not enough ginger.." But there was definitely alcohol in that bad boy, don't let them fool you. 

In general, is come back for the chill vibe sitting outside (who doesn't love people watching) and the intriguing cocktail menu (there was even a drink named after Kamala ;)
Every dish we ordered was great!
I recommend all dishes we ordered.

Exotic Mushroom Toast - the flavor of mushrooms went well with the texture of the crispy toast. Nice to share among 2 people. ($16)

Crispy Brussel Sprouts - was certainly torched but wasn't burnt.  Had a nice strong seasoned flavor and the apple mostardo is nice compliment of softness and coolness to the strong flavor and crispness of the brussel sprouts. Portion size was certainly big. ($8)

Spaghetti and lobster - a creamy rich dish.  The portion size is on the smaller side so it's good to order a small side dish with it.  They don't skimp out the lobster. ($25)

Lovebird fried chicken - a staple at the love.  The only thing on the menu that has stayed on their menu since the beginning (2 years ago).  He chicken was certainly thick and juicy.  The sauce that comes with it adds a soft spicy taste to the chicken.  Comes with grit and greens.  ($30)

Rating based on food alone.
However I will mention that the service was great.  Cup of water was always filled to the top. Waitress was very professional.  Food was served warm and quickly.
I wavered between 3 and 4 starts. The restaurant really fits the neighborhood feel with an ambiance that's sophisticated all around. The rent for the space must be outrages because the prices are not set for an average dinner out on the town.  Also, I want to reduce my carbon footprint as much as the next person, but charging for water just strikes me as a bit disagreeable.  A quarter of the menu consists of salads.  I guess if the rest of the menu is too much green, you'll have to settle for one of the many greens. The food is good but for the most part uninventive. The pasta that came with the lobster wasn't home made which is disappointing considering the prices. The short rib needed seasoning. The pierogi and caviar were interesting but the inspiration for the taste seemed to be Mrs T's minis.  The poke salad was fine but I think we've all had our share of salmon crudo with radishes. I think we get the pattern here. The service however was really attentive and courteous.  This was a nice experience but it wouldn't be high on my list of places with an outstanding culinary experience.
I had been waiting to go to the new Stephen Starr restaurant since Serafina shutdown and was expecting something along the lines of Parc. The LOve is very different from Parc but very classy and serving Italian food. The ambience is so old worldly and really cozy. We were seated within a few
Minutes of showing for our reservation and the service was great through out. 

The cocktails are standard center city prices and both me and my husband loved our cocktails. The server gave us enough time to first choose the cocktails and then the food and started us off with some complimentary bites. We got the veggies with a dip and the pumpkin soup as appetizers and both were good but we could have probably tried another appetizer instead of the veggie with a dip. 

Our entrees the Lobster spaghetti and the Gnudi pasta were both delicious but a were small on the portion size. We decided to get the dessert to makeup for the small entrees and ordered the cranberry bar with toasted pecan ice cream which was also great. We had a great night at The Love and will surely go back again.
I am between a 3 and 4. Food alone is a very solid 4 but the service was so frustrating.
I arrived about 5 minutes before my reservation and checked in for a party of 2. They asked me to let them know when my other person was here. This would be fine except right after me a party of 5 checked in and they were not complete but they seated them right away. Was it because I was early? I could have sat down and ordered a drink--the place wasn't crowded yet. The bar was packed. I couldn't have gotten a drink there if I wanted. 
Once inside, the setting is gorgeous. Comfortable benches, plenty of seating. Tables are a bit close and with the space, the noise gets loud. 

Drink and wine list have a lovely selection. It is a weird sell for 1$ per person for water, 'but of course we also have tap water.' 

The food is Americana. We ordered the Parker rolls, gnudi, smoked trout, and Brussels. The Parker rolls arrived hot and with an amazing chive butter that I would eat all the time if I could. The gnudi came in this lovely sauce/broth. They tasted like a fluffy ball of cheese, they were so decadent. The Brussels were fried and on the greasy side. The standout dish for me was the smoked trout. It's a whole fish, perfectly deboned, with the loveliest smoky goodness. The side of grains were slightly sweet and acidic and just balanced so nicely.

The meal is going well. But then... 3 separate people (not our server) stopped by in the course of less than 5 minutes asking us if we were still enjoying our food and if they could take anything away. 

Maybe you think of this as great service. I took it was you are trying to rush me out of there to turn the table. We even looked, we had been there for only a little over an hour. Really?! I appreciate attentiveness, but either you are rushing me, or there's really shitty communication among staff. Either way, it's really not cool for $120 for two...with only one drink, no dessert (which I skipped because I was a bit frustrated by this point.)

TL,DR: the food is awesome. Please improve service. Thanks.
This is spot on. It's cold out, but warm in their individualized partitioned,  outside tables, tucked away with heaters and twinkling lights. Both of my girls had the fried chicken and it was delicious. I ate my second girl's grits because they were creamy and delicious and her palate isn't sophisticated enough yet to understand that. My bestie and I had the salmon, glazed just right and cooked perfectly. The service was exceptionally good. We all had cocktails that were balanced. Thanks for making this pandemic-dining bearable, Love.
I wanted to try The Love since I am a big fan of Talulas Garden (sister restaurant). The Love has a different vibe and ambience then Talulas but I enjoyed the space and my dining experience.  The restaurant has deep rich wood floors and tables to match, giving it a slight rustic feel but elegant at the same time. It's a roomy place compared to some other dining options in the city.

Service was on point and our server Megan was knowledgeable and helpful. Timing from the kitchen was good as well.  Several vegetarian options to choose from such as salads, pastas and sides. I got the carrot salad that was delicious as well as the Brussel sprouts that were yummy with a touch of apple mixed in. My dining companion got the Buttermilk Chicken. The food was very good and for dessert I got the chocolate with olive oil, salt and croutons. If you like sweet and salty combos, try it!
LOVE The Love for a fantistico brunch, lunch or dinner spot! I recommend sitting outside and watching the magnificent creatures of Philadelphia roam about!
I have to admit.. I didn't love The Love. I liked it just fine, but would I come back and drop another 200 dollars on an "okay" meal? Unlikely.

I dined here mid-week and had a 7:45 reservation with one other dining partner. Upon arrival, we were told that our table was just about ready so we could wait at the bar. The bar area was extremely crowded and there was really nowhere to stand without being in the way of servers streaming in and out with dishes and drinks. We attempted to get a menu and order a drink, but it was just too crowded and not one bartender looked up to notice that we were interested in ordering. We waited 20 minutes for our table, which was pretty annoying since it was already a late reservation.

The restaurant is very nicely decorated and has a buzzing, warm atmosphere. The table we were seated in had seats almost next to each other, facing into the restaurant. Totally agree with some of the other reviews that this kind of seating works on Rittenhouse Square to people watch, but not in the interior of a restaurant. I don't need to sit directly next to my dining companion and I would much rather prefer to sit across from them. 

We started with water ($1 dollar/glass for their filtered water) and each got a glass of champagne. Their drink menu is comprehensive, but I didn't find a cocktail that really peaked my interest. The champagne was good, no complaints. I also tried one of their ciders, which was a little sweet for me but was fine. 

For food, we started with the rolls, the pumpkin soup, and the gnudi pasta course. The rolls were just mediocre rolls of bread that were dry inside with an overly chived butter that didn't even melt upon spreading it. The soup was good and had a nice curry flavor, but could have been hotter. It was served lukewarm. I thought the gnudi was the best thing I ate all night. These were little balls of pasta topped with sage in a brown butter truffle sauce. Can't really go wrong with those flavors. 

The main dishes we tried were the salmon and lamb. The salmon was named "salt and pepper" salmon, but was bland and underseasoned to me. The skin was crispy but the fish itself was just mediocre. The latke was the best thing on the plate. The sauce was way too overpowering on the horseradish and the big chunks of apple and beets were just out of place. I tried a piece of the lamb and thought it was well cooked, but did not wow me. 

Our server was nice, but a little too much nervous energy for me. She kept asking how our "wonderful dishes were tasting." She brought me out the wrong cider which is an honest mistake, but I don't think she was really paying attention most of the night.

I think the menu items all sound really good but they just don't deliver to the expectations I had. Steven Starr restaurants are usually consistently good, but this fell flat for me. To top it off, this place is ridiculously overpriced. To charge 5 dollars for whole grain rolls and butter is a crime, even if they are "cast iron cooked." Thirteen bucks for a quarter filled bowl of soup is unnecessary. It feels like you are getting nickel and dimed the whole time when you're trying to have a nice meal out. I'll think twice before coming back anytime soon.
Ok I've been here twice and tried a lot of different things so I have a lot of opinions about everything!
Atmosphere: very quaint despite large space, can get loud, bar area is super cute, dark, good date spot, bathroom situation is weird
Service: very professional, prompt, good at checking in on you, better at not over selling additional items, like drinks, after you say no the first time, overall good!
FOOD: I'll spend most of my review here. 
Get the fried chicken for two reasons: 1) it's humongous, you'll have left overs for days, and 2) it's delicious, the grits and collard greens that come with it are amazing too.
I've had the duck salad and the caesar salad with figs. While they were both tasty, the caesar was the clear favorite in my book, which I would not have expected. The caesar was just a tweak that I had never experienced on a classic restaurant staple. 
The mushroom soup is delectable. It's summer now, though, so you may not want to order that but if for some reason you're craving it when it's 85 degrees out, I would recommend getting it. 
The spaghetti with lobster is good, but it was not my favorite of the pasta dishes. The smoked brisket parpadelle was definitely the winner in my book but the truffle gnudi was a close second. These dishes are definitely on the smaller side so if you're feeling hungry, you may want to get more than just that. 
The bohemian fish curry was good but not my favorite of my first trip to this place (in case you couldn't tell the chicken was my absolute favorite). It was tasty so don't let my bias for fried chicken deter you from ordering it if picks your fancy. 
For dessert the first time, we had the deconstructed dirt in a cup sundae. Didn't like it very much. However, on my next trip here we had the carrot cake sundae and IT WAS SO GOOD. I highly recommend if you like carrot cake.
Great replacement for Serafina. The space is much more aesthetically pleasing and the drinks are awesome. My current favorites are the eggnog and the hot toddy. 

I've dined here twice now and recommend the cheese plate, the veal lasagna, and the short rib stroganoff. I honestly did not enjoy the Gnudi at all - it was recommended to me by our waitress over the ravioli. It was definitely filling despite the small portion but the taste wasn't what I had hoped for. The balls of  sponge-like potato were a little bland and seemed to be tossed with what tasted too much like salad dressing.

All in all a good spot - hard to get a reservation at times so I advise planning ahead.
I've been looking for ward to having a meal at The Love ever since it opened. Christmas vacation gave me the opportunity to finally try The Love for lunch. Although not a small restaurant it has a very nice and cozy feel that's appropriate given the name. Lunch started with a kettle chips and cheese fondue appetizer. The chips were your average potato chips. The fondue was excellent. I was glad there was enough fondue left over to go with the chips that came with my prime rib sandwich. The sandwich was just the kind of messy juicy deliciousness that I love,  on a perfect challah bun. Dessert was called a pumpkin head, which is described as a "blondie sundae, pumpkin scoop, salted caramel & pumpkin seeds". It was a sweet and tasty ending, perfect for this time of year. Since I was on vacation, I could actually order cocktails for lunch. I had a bourbon drink that was good enough to get me to order a 2nd. And The Love uses the "good ice" that melts really slow so you can take your time drinking without the drink becoming watered down.

Stephen Starr has done it again, with another memorable addition to Philly's restaurant scene. When I come back for dinner I wouldn't be surprised if The Love moved up to a 5 star restaurant.
The second stop on the Starr weekend for brunch we had the fried green tomatoes which had a very crispy crust and cheese ball. The house turkey melt was delicious and very filling. We also sampled the buttermilk biscuits which were dense and uneven in size. It's standard fare done well, like you're in your own kitchen.
Delicious food but the service was disappointing and not what I was expecting given the price and atmosphere. 

Had a reservation and arrived 20 min early so we squeezed into the bar before a very polite and nice hostess took us to our table. Our table was right by the door and was drafty. We were disappointed because we were looking forward to experiencing the inside of the restaurant, not greeting guests as they walked in :/ (I realize we could have asked for a different table but it was so busy it didn't look like there was one and the staff seemed to have an air of authority that I inherently respected for some reason). 

Starving, we told our friendly waiter we would like to start with the Parker House Rolls and were immediately told, in an attempt of politeness that they prefer us to order the whole meal at once so the staff can prepare how things come out. This sounded fancy and attentive, but also off putting. A few minutes later we ordered the rolls, fried green tomatoes, crispy Brussels sprouts, the short rib pasta, and the fried chicken. 

Food was delicious and well plated. The Brussels sprouts were an amazing crispy gone soggy texture with great flavor- and I don't even like Brussels sprouts! Fried green tomatoes were lovely and the rolls are a must order. Entrees were rich with flavor and very filling which meant left overs :)! Not sure why we had to order everything at once because it all came out in a usual order. 

Waiter was nice enough but not attentive! Especially after talking us down when we first started ordering; figured he was going to be extra professional for the rest of the meal. Some hostess/food runner girl who noticed us sitting and waiting was the one who refilled our waters and ran our credit card because our waiter was setting other tables for the next guests; really? Was it because we were in the crummy corner table? 

Overall, a good experience that was compounded by strange service. I would return and it would be fun with a medium sized group.
Recently tried brunch here and this place did not disappoint! It was a Sunday afternoon and we did not have a reservation. My friend and I thought there would be a long wait but there was none at all and we were seated in a cozy corner along the window on the banquette. It was such a cute spot and we got all angles of the restaurant. I love people watching sometimes and seeing the flow of restaurants.. 

I have always enjoyed Steven Starr restaurants and heard amazing things about this one so I was definitely excited to be here. The menu was has a wonderful variety of options and so are the drinks. I decided to go with the shrimp and grits and it did not disappoint. The grits were so creamy, the sauce was flavorful and blended well with the grits. The shrimp although it did not look like you got many they were jumbo so there were a perfect amount once I had cut some up into the grits. It was so filling and I would definitely have it again! My friend had the turkey melt with a fried egg on a English muffin. I tried a quarter and I have to say that was one of the best English muffins I have ever tasted! 

Although it was not the most inexpensive brunch I think for the quality and portion you definitely get your money's worth. I definitely need to come back here to try dinner soon and maybe brunch again to get a few drinks.
Came for dinner with a friend. The ambiance was rich with warm wood tones & hues. The staff here were warm, inviting, and informative.  

The restaurant, while perched on a bustling corner in Rittenhouse square, provided ample privacy. The staff was accommodating and helpful from the time we entered the restaurant until the time we left. Our server went over thr menu and answered any questions we had. In addition, he likewise gave recommendations on popular dishes.

For a starter we had the Parker house rolls with chive butter. It seemed like the chef called out, hot bread & butter, come get your supper! The rolls were hot and seemed to melt in your mouth. For an entree I had the salt & pepper salmon served with crispy brussel sprouts. The salmon was moist & was served with the skin crisp & flavorful. The brussel sprouts were perfectly charred. My companion had the buttermilk fried chicken. The chicken was served with grits and collard greens. The food was scrumptious. 

After eating all of that, we were given a dessert menu but were too full to try dessert. While it appeared to be intriguing, the dessert menu was not expansive enough for me. I definitely will return to try it again... who knows, maybe next time I will have dessert before my meal & take a walk on the wild side :)!
I have been looking to try this since they opened. It's a very well appointed space . And they sat us at a small banquette. It's the best seat I've had in a restaurant in ages. The front door staff and wait  staff are very well trained and professional without being stuffy. We didn't have reservations but were warmly welcomed. Sometimes without reservations you feel as though you owe them. The food was very good but it just didn't blow me away. Had the chips and fondue. Some chips were not crispy. The pickled vegetables were very good but some were way better then others. Like the celery was great the carrots not so much. The kale risotto was terrific and my friend had the Kale shrimp salad. I didn't love the salad but the shrimp were impressive. I want to love this. But I'm just majorly "in like"
Our experience was everything I had heard about and grew to expect of The Love.  We started as a table of 9 and grew to a table 14 once we noticed a few colleagues also had a reservation.  We didn't want to ask, however, The Love noticed the chatting between groups and offered.

Even with a table that size, service was flawless.  We all quickly got drinks (I highly recommend the Broken Arrow) and a review of the menu and specials.  They were even flexible with a few special needs in our parties.

We split a handful of apps.  The cheese board was well sized.  Two was enough for our entire party and had an excellent selection of cheeses.  The crudites was a hit with the vegetarians in our party while the rest of us feasted on the steak tartare. 

For my main, I enjoyed the scallops.  I was expecting more than the 3 large scallops that arrived, however, the seasonal veggies that were paired were well portioned.  There was a lot of food envy with the various dishes each co-worker ordered!

The dessert menu left us with plenty of choices, yet they still had a few off menu options for consideration.  I went with the cherry sorbet, which might seem mild, but was killer.  I'm not sure I've ever had better sorbet.

I've recommended The Love to several colleagues before and glad I had a chance to experience it for myself.  I will be back.  In the meantime, I highly recommend you check them out!
(to the tune of "Take Me to Church" by Hozier)

The Love's got location
One step inside's like a vacation
I know that space sometimes feel cursed but
Stephen Starr, he knows what is what.

If the Heavens ever did serve,
It'd be the pimiento cheese, and fried bird
And though the menu sections are silly
This place, one of my favs in Philly

It's so tasty. Makes me crazy...

Getting a rez can be tough
But I can't really get enough
And when I see OpenTable open up
I know I'll make a run to stuff
My face with foods
The Love's got the goods

Amen... Amen. Amen.

TAKE ME TO THE LOVE
I'll worship like a girl who lives off Parker House Rolls
I'd vote for each dish if they were listed in the polls
Offer me that cocktail lounge upstairs
Let me give you my cash!

Y'all - It's just lovely here. It's so pleasant, the service is exceptional, and the upstairs lounge is the perfect place for a few before- or after-dinner drinks. The cheese plate, complete with chevre mouse, is darling, as is the dessert cookie plate. Dishes are kind of all over the place - hard to pin down an easily explained "style" - but it's all delicious, and I haven't had a bad bite. The steak and potatoes seemed a little steep when I saw what was on the plate, but honestly, a few bites in I realized it was worth the $38. Perfectly cooked, crispy, well-seasoned steak fries, magnificent. 

I personally enjoy the other dishes to the pasta, but maybe that's just because I think there are so many places to get great pasta in the city. 

The vibe is gorgeous, the wine list is accessible, and it's the perfect spot for a date, a family dinner, or a special occasion!
I came to The Love a few weeks with my love for an early birthday dinner. I used this line in my insta/FB post but come on it's such a good line I just had to use it again. 

I have heard rumblings about this place bc it's both new and trendy. What really got me off was the description of the cheese plate which allegedly had a goat cheese MOUSE. Holy shit, who am I to pass that shit up? 

Snagged a res at 6:15pm on a Friday.  I wish I could say that we schlepped the like 5 blocks away that it was but no, we lyft'ed. We were seated immediately and I was eyeing those bread stick branches that are chillin' on the table but then I remembered I'm doing the whole keto thing now. 

For drink we both pulled the trigger on the one with the tequila in it for obvious reasons. The cheese plate was a given. We decided to take it slow for the rest of the meal but subsequently ordered the miso bbq glazed tofu steak, torched broccoli with hot sauce, and the my LITERALLY already changed the pasta menu so I can't tell you for sure what the ravioli was but they won us over by calling it "twisted ravioli". 

Service was wonderful. Waitress was very attentive and friendly. 

Cheese plate variety was exceptional. There was literally SEVEN kinds of cheese. Are you kidding me!?!? Some hard, some soft, one looked like a mouse, another was like wrapped in a crepe and had a sweet overtone. This is probably one of the best cheese plates I've had in Philly. There was a bunch of adjuvant stuff like a jam of some sort and probably fruit and bread slices but I don't like to distract from the cheese. 

Broccoli was covered in a tasty sauce. Tofu was grilled with a slightly burnt flavor that I wasn't in love with. This was just alright, I didn't feel compelled to finish this shit. 

The ravioli was delicious but unfortunately I don't see it on the menu anymore so I'm not sure how helpful that is. 

When I made he reservation on open table you know how it asks you the occasion? I put that it was my birthday so they brought out this really sweet plate with happy birthday written in chocolate sauce and some lemon bars that were AMAZING. Very nice touch. 

In summary the love is a trendy place with a good ambiance and some gems on the menu. It's a nice place to go especially for the ambiance and service but I have had better food elsewhere.
What's not to love about an Aimee Olexy and Stephen Starr collaboration? This new spot has all the ingredients for a match made in heaven. 

Although it only opened in the Winter of 2018, I felt like eons had passed before my first visit in the middle of May 2018. Trust me, it had been number one on my list of places to try for a while. 

So, my first visit was during lunch hours. I'm already jonsing to go back for dinner and explore that cocktail menu. In the meantime, it was love at first bite with everything I tried. 

Our group started with the crudités and goddess dip for the table. I'm not really sure what was in the goddess dip, but it was green, creamy and had a pesto-like resemblance. Eaten in the privacy of my own home, there would have been plate licking going on. The veggies were a mix of radishes, carrots, peppers, tomatoes, broccoli, asparagus and beans. Veggie plates are usually boring; however, these were honestly the most fresh, crisp veggies I've had in my lifetime. 

Debating between the ricotta ravioli with lump crab, carrot sauce, basil and fennel pollen and the Tuscan black kale risotto with meyer lemon, pecorino and crispy brussels, the server suggested the risotto as being the stronger of the dishes. Both dishes were ultimately ordered, but I would conquer that the risotto had that something special to it. 

Don't skimp on the extras; our table split the chips and fondue, cucumber and feta salad and the cheese ball with lavender, pistachio, fig-honey and crips. At least for lunch, there isn't a true appetizers menu, but these sides can fill that void.

Although stuffed, we decided we had to try one dessert and went with the cast iron cake with rhubarb batter and ginger-honey ice cream. It came out piping hot in the cast iron but had refreshing qualities because of the ginger ice cream and fresh ingredients.

With any restaurant that you put on a pedestal before visiting, there's a chance for disappointment. The Love blew my expectations out of the water, and have left me already eager for a return visit. It's not just infatuation, it's love.
We LOVE The Love. It's a stunning space off Rittenhouse Square that's bustling with eager patrons yet intimate, romantic. 

We went for my birthday and were told we had "The Best seat in the house." It was a cozy booth in the corner OVERLooking EVERYTHING.

I can DEFINITELY see this as a SPECIAL (Occasion) place, but personally, I wouldn't mind going EVERY NIGHT; it has that "ENERGY."

We started with the "Labor of Love" cheese board & the "Summer Corn Soup".  The cheese plate was fabulous, NOT ONE of the 8 we didn't like, and the bleu was particularly FABULOUS, also LOVED the cheese molded into the shape of a mouse, nice li'l flourish.  The corn soup was sooo different, SOOOO GOOD, didn't want it to end.

For our entrees we had the Brisket  Pappardelle, (wonderfully tender & sooo good), and the Ricotta Ravioli (Positively Delish).  Next time we'll have to try the "Lovebird".

Finally, we ended our WONDERFUL, SCRUMPTIOUS meal with "Not Your Neighbor's Cookie Plate" and a couple of lattes and we were set for the night, as we went on our way with every intention of returning in the near future.
Well I was hoping for a memorable day with my brother and his wife from Korea on their wedding but to my dissatisfaction it didn't happen.  I called in advance to tell  them it was a wedding celebration and to give us their best table on Sunday for brunch and we were seated right  next to the bathrooms! 

My $20 posh scrabble eggs were cold, my husband's burger was sent out with no bun, the sides were forgotten and not even a complimentary desert for the couple.  Incredibly disappointed this was our first experience there and embarrassed for recommending this place on this occasion. 

Thanks for making it special- not!
I LOVE THE LOVE, and I am sure I always will. I walked by here so many times and have seen so many different menus posted near the front entrance. The menu seemed to change often but everything always looked so good. Finally, I had dinner here for my fiancé's birthday. I  made early dinner reservations on a Wednesday before a show. The place is gorgeous  and perfect for a romantic date night. The server was one of the best I've had in Philly. He was a true professional. He had great knowledge of the menu and was also extremely personable. 

We started off with a bottle of red wine. For an appetizer, I ordered the bacon blue salad and my fiancé ordered the fig salad. Both were huge and delicious. I also ordered the fresh baked rolls and they were also very good. At the servers recommendation, I ordered the ribs and they were some of the best ribs I've had in Philly. They were juicy and tender, with a crunchy yet saucy outer crust. It was really impressively made, and was served with a delicious butter and cumin corn bread. My fiancé got the pappardelle  pasta for her meal and she loved it.  We would both order those meals again in a heartbeat. We were too full for dessert, but since it was my fiancé's birthday, the waiter brought out a berry crumble and a candle on a cutely decorated plate. We were so impressed with everything about this place.  The price is typical for a center city fine dining restaurant, but unlike other places, this place is worth every penny!
I love The Love!

This beautiful, classy-yet-warm, and delicious restaurant is ideally situated near the heart of Rittenhouse square. It was just wonderful for a birthday brunch that I had earlier this past year with three of my close girl friends :) Since we came for brunch, there was lots of soft and bright natural light for the modern rustic ambiance to come together really nicely. In the evening, it seems to give a far more romantic and cozy vibe with dim candlelights. 

They have extremely kind and attentive service, taking our coats when we arrived, being very well-informed about the menu, providing food recommendations, and just all-around being helpful. With their help, we picked a variety of different sweet and savory brunch items to share together, and I loved it all. I actually think their pancakes were the best pancakes I've ever had - if any pancake could be described as being exquisite, it would be the Lemon Poppy Pancakes at The Love! 

The fancy location, charming ambiance, high quality service, and delicious food comes with a price tag though. While the brunch menu is significantly more affordable than the dinner menu (as is the case basically everywhere), it is still def pricier than the average brunch. Would recommend when you're feeling up for the extra splurge!
Went on opening night and it was great! The place was warm, cozy, and relaxed and was beautiful inside and the decor made it feel like home, with a romantic touch. The aesthetic inside was a direct reflection of the menu - it felt like a hug on a plate. We shared the Brussels Sprouts (fantastic) and I got to try my date's scallops (more fantastic) but the real winner was the roast beef stroganoff. It was so soft and juicy throughout the cut and the wide noodles weren't as heavy as I thought they would be. It was amazing. 

The service was exceptional as well, which wasn't a surprise given the ownership of the restaurant, and everyone made us feel welcomed and comfortable. Overall, it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend going before it gets more raves.
Solid, slightly expensive/upscale American restaurant. I enjoyed had the seasonal risotto (Tuscan black kale) but would come back to try additional mouthwatering options including the Parker house rolls, harvest plate, kale salad, ricotta ravioli, and brownie skillet.

Overall, yummy but nothing special American spot near Rittenhouse.
The Love really checks all the boxes as a great place to have good food in a nice setting.

The dim (but not too dim) lighting sets the mood for an inviting and swanky atmosphere. The servers are quite attentive and friendly. They have a good cheese plate to start with a cute little mouse-shaped cheese that is so cute you almost don't want to eat it (but also you do, because mmm). Their lobster spaghetti is creamy and delicious, and my mouth is watering just thinking about it as I type this.

To top it all off, the noise level seems to be just right. It's not too quiet but I can hear everyone around me speaking. And with that, The Love has become a go-to place for me. (Oh, and can I mention that they have lots of little puns everywhere like "Penne for your thoughts" and it makes me happy inside?)

Will be back. :)
Highly recommend making a reservation if you want to come here for brunch on a weekend. I made my reservation at 10:15am and by 10:30am this place was already getting very crowded. They do have plenty of outdoor seating spot but we wanted indoor seating.

We got a spot on the 2nd floor of this building and I love how the seatings are nicely spaced. I ordered the exotic mushroom risotto and my friend got the Turkey melt. The risotto was cooked with cognac I though was what made this dish stood out - very delicious. The Turkey melt was good but was just your regular brunch dish: buns with meat assembly - with potato and salad on the side. 

Although the ambiance and food was good - I feel like it was a bit overpriced. I'm not sure if I'll be coming back for their brunch again but will likely be back to try their dinner menu as this place seems very cute for date nights!
Best birthday dinner ever! This small, beautiful restaurant is an escape from the city. It has such a nice, rustic atmosphere that you seriously don't even feel like you're in Philly. 
When we heard there was basically a Talula's 2.0 opening, we had to go!
We got a nice quiet table in the back and enjoyed an amazing meal. 
The house rolls are a must and a great starter. 
The carrot salad was fantastic, mostly because I felt so healthy and couldnt even taste the kale!
After that, we basically ordered the whole menu and literally everything was amazing. I couldnt even tell you my favorite dish because I truly impressed by how everything on every plate came together. 
We ended the night with a dessert platter that included everything - cookies, truffles, donuts, etc. 
This place had it all - great staff, a warm atmosphere, and the best food. I cant wait to come back!
I've always wanted to try this place and happy I did. Hearing Talula's and Starr teaming up is the perfect icing on a cake.

Service: the service and ambiance was impeccable. I did not catch her name, but our waitress as well as other staff members were very attentive yet did not constantly interrupt us like some restaurants typically do.

Food: Salmon Poke for apps was just okay to say the least. It did not have flavor at all, and I felt the could have used a pinch of salt and more lime pulp to enhance the flavors of the salmon. For dinner we had the aged steak and the southern fried chicken. The steak was cooked perfectly and was so tender it melted in your mouth. The remoulade was deliciously creamy with the perfect balance to the steak and potatoes. I had the chicken and it wasn't the best I've had. It was cooked well but a tiny bit dry. The crunch of the batter was so good I could have had just a plate of it! Not salty at all. But I would die for the whipped sweet potatoes I could drown in it!! And the mustard greens were cooked with black eyed peas which was pretty tasty. 

Overall, great experience. Probably not worth the price tag with each dish. I felt that the sauces and remoulade and sides made the dishes rather than the protein.
Enjoyed my recent Sunday brunch at the Love.

We had made a reservation for outdoor seating and were promptly led to one of the cafe-style tables on the sidewalk beneath an awning, which was fine, but I did find it odd that they didn't fill the more private outdoor COVID booths along the street first. This was especially weird when it started raining and we were mostly covered but still getting when the wind blew, but there was no offer to move us to clearly open tables (I know, they may have been reserved) and no acknowledgement of the fact that we were getting wet (yes, I know --- we knew the risks to choosing outdoor seating). Thankfully, it was a quick sprinkle and we definitely enjoyed our brunch regardless. 

Otherwise, the food and the service were both fabulous. Our waitress (I believe she said her name was Jah) was friendly, attentive without being overbearing, willing to offer suggestions as needed, and supportive in allowing us to take our time when we told her we were hanging out in anticipation of an afternoon matinee.

Our drinks were delicious --- my friend ordered several espresso martinis and I quite enjoyed The Boss, a whiskey cocktail made with apple cider and champagne that was bright and fruity. 

We ordered a few items to share so we could sample both sweet and savory items. We started with the pumpkin spice mini scones, which had perfect texture and were served with a cinnamon cream cheese frosting that was excellent. The shrimp and grits were cheesy and delicious with well cooked shrimp, and the Turkey Avocado Melt was well balanced and came with crispy home fries --- both brunch entrees were delightful, but I think the shrimp and grits was probably the highlight.

Though our stomachs were full, we wound up ordering a dessert since we had more time to spare (and dessert goes in a separate stomach, right?). We opted for the brownie skillet, topped with graham cracker ice cream and a peanut brittle, and this turned out to be an excellent choice.

All in all, a great experience, and I hope to try dinner at The Love someday, too!
The service here has been top notch the last two times I have come in. 

The broccoli in hot sauce was a low key fire hit in my book. The poke app dish was also good and quite large for an appetizer which is surprising for a fancy place like this. 

The pastas here are some of the best in town so be sure to come with a group and try them all. 

The entrees are kind of boring and nothing to write home about. The fried chicken comes with collard greens and grits. They should really sub out the grits for something like mashed potatoes. The curry fish looks pretty but lacks substance and tastes like nothing. It should be served on a bed of something. The ribs are fun to eat but the rack I was served was quite severely charred. I guess this place isn't a bbq joint for a reason. 

The bread rods on the table are fun to munch on. I like to pretend they are cigarettes and tuck them between my index and middle finger while I chat at the dinner table. 

The saffron soda was undrinkable.

I will probably come back in the future when they change up the menu. I can't wait to see what pastas they cook up in the future. I'll skip the entrees though.
We finally got the chance to visit The Love for Valentine's Day. We were stoked because we have been hearing such great reviews, and we felt that the food 100% met the expectations, but we were let down with some of the service.

Our reservations were set for 9:00PM, we arrived at 9:10 and were told they were clearing some tables & should be seated soon. After 30 minutes of standing outside under a heat lamp, they decided to bring us some warmed wine. This was a nice gesture, but less than a minute after receiving this, our hostess came and told us our table was ready (so just felt like a little too late). When were seated, we actually didn't meet our server until 15 minutes later, and she just jumped right into seeing if we were ready to order. There was no introduction or offering of running through the menu. We ended up not leaving until about 11:45. Unfortunately, it was kind of uncomfortable the entire time because my wicker chair felt like it was going to collapse, it was so unstable. I think they even noticed it, and offered us an additional dessert for free. Which again, was a nice gesture, but we were already so full - it would have been more appreciated to have the 1 dessert we ordered comped or something. 

Given it is COVID, I get it - restaurants are still figuring things out, but it seems to be pretty common practice to have expectations for tables to be cleared on time and held to a time limit. If it wasn't the pandemic, I would have given them 3 stars at most. 

All of that to be said, everything we had was delicious, and I can't emphasize this enough.

Whole Grain Cast-Iron Baked 'Parker House Rolls'   $6
This really hit the mark, from how it was presented to how it tasted. Brought out right in the cast iron pan, still warm when we got it, so the chive butter just melted for every bite. It was doughy - but still light, and perfect for cleaning that soup bowl!

Creamy Mushroom Soup    $13
Everyone is on the same truffle train right? Like, put that on anything, we have to try it. The soup was rich and creamy, and the parm & sage were the perfect combo to cut some of the earthy tones from the truffle & mushrooms. Excellent dish for a cold night outside. 

Ricotta Ravioli  $26
Okay - looking at the price, it seems a bit high for ravioli, but this plate was really impressive, and the portion size was fair. I rarely ever have the chance to eat a plate with saffron on it, but this was a nice floral/light note to add to a heavier dish. This pairing with the pistachio crumble & chili vinaigrette made for a really complex flavor. 

Pulled Brisket Fazzoletti  $28
This dish was super. Felt like a home-cooked meal, something your mom would make. Just an amazing combination of sweet and savory in every bite. 

Apple Marzipan Tea Cake $11
The cake itself wasn't overly impressive - it was good, but didn't pack a punch or provide a memorable moment like the dishes mentioned above. The whipped creme fraiche was a nice touch. 

Bee Sweet Sundae  $11
This dessert could have easily stolen the show for me. The honeycomb toffee was amazing, and provided a yummy crunch to the ice cream. The fig & lemon cake gave it some fresh notes and served as a great addition to the dish. 

So would I go back...I believe the food was good enough to definitely visit again, and just hope for a better overall experience.
Fantastic! Attended opening night with a group of five ready to eat and drink. We were not disappointed. Will definitely be back.
Hmmm. Not really a fan. Seemed like it could have been so great, but oddly flavored dishes and slow service really pulled the experience down. The Love was recommended by a colleague, and we felt fortunate to get a table with short notice. However, right from the start the service seemed slow, seemingly from too many tables for the waitress/staff. Our waitress was super friendly, knowledgeable, and professional - just too much to do and less than frequent visits to our table. Plus, by the end of our meal we just wanted to go, and we had to wait to flag down the waitress to get our check and get going. 

I had the Lovebird. The fried chicken. I asked if it was good. I was assured it was. It was not. First thing - and I should have noticed this on the menu but did not - is that you don't put sauce with fried chicken. The menu lists "Jamaican Jerk Aioli" after Buttery Georgia Grits (which are not), and not directly with the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, and I did not look at other Yelp reviews as I should have. So...I didn't really see the sauce for the fried chicken. Here's a fried chicken tip: if you need sauce, then number one it's not really fried chicken, and number two it's probably not any good. Fried chicken should stand on its own. This didn't. Neither the breast piece (oddly without bones - it was confusing. Not a boneless breast chicken piece, but not with the normal complement of bones), not the thigh piece. Not enough flavor, but please don't include Jamaican Jerk Aioli under my fried chicken. On to the Buttery Georgia Grits - I am not from Georgia, but I cannot imagine any Georgian with standing would vouch for this dish. Tiny slivers of jalapeño on top do not mask poorly cooked, flavorless gelatin pieces that you pass off as grits. The collard greens had some kind of sweet sauce they were bathed in. Disgusting. I've never in my life had greens that had any sweet flavor, and no one wants it. The greens were cooked well, but the sweet taste ruined it. 

We got the check (when we could) and got out. Again, it seemed like it had so much potential and was recommended. Maybe it was just this meal, but ours was just a three star.
Great food and great service! Had guests visiting from Atlanta and they raves about the Southern fried chicken!!!!! 

I got the marinated tofu steak... delish! And totally accommodating to vegans :)
I'm sorry but it's true - I'm in love with The Love. I was truly blown away by every dish I had that night.

We started our meal with wine and the cheese plate. It was a beautifully plated assortment of unique, local cheeses and rustic bread. Fine for two to share but probably not enough if sharing with more. For the main course, we ordered the ricotta butternut ravioli and the crispy fried chicken - both were highly recommended by the waitress. The chicken was perfectly cooked and came with grits and collard greens. I've never been much of a southern food kinda gal but this, I could have this again... and again. The ravioli was delicious with the perfect cheese/pasta ratio. Gnudi is also another recommended dish, although I didn't try it this time. 

Service, ambiance, food - 5 yelps! Getting a last minute reservation, especially on a weekend night, may be hard but call to see what they can do. It's definitely worth a visit.
Have been wanting to try The Love for quite some time now. I love Starr restaurants and this is one of the newer ones in the collection. It's seasonal new-American, and while it didn't blow my socks off, it's a very solid option especially if you want to dine outdoors. It was their first day (and hour!) opening since the quarantine. We weren't sure what their outdoor dining would look like, but it was like Parc where the tables were on the exterior. It was surprisingly nice to sit on the street! No view of Rittenhouse square but it was a bit quieter than that super busy area also which we liked. Of course, the servers wore masks and we had disposable menus, but everything else about the experience was pretty much the same as usual-- the staff all were super fantastic, accommodating, and friendly!

What we ordered:
 Lots of Rosé +  Moscow mules (seasonal) - Loved the mule! Wasn't too sweet and was super refreshing!
 Scallop Crudo - Silky and buttery, the presentation was beautiful. 
 Summer corn & black truffle Risotto - Indulgently creamy without being too heavy. We LOVED the shishitos on top. 
 Crabcake - An ideal crabcake-- big enough to share, although probably wouldn't share next time around 

We weren't too hungry, but we will certainly be back to try the Parker rolls, a pasta, and one of their desserts! (these items would probably be their biggest hits)  

Highlights were the servers/staff (seriously the best service!!), and the variety of different seasonal and delicious food options. Would highly recommend trying it out if you haven't been.

More reviews on my IG @internationalfoodieclub
Oh my god.. like seriously oh my god. The food was immaculate. Have you ever seen pieces of chicken that big on a plate before? But was it juicy, moist and tasty?! Because mine definitely was. 

We came here because my friend has been here before, it was definitely worth it the trip. Service is up there, the food was spectacular if you didn't already guess. I mean come on look at the presentation of that dessert. 

I know seeing is believing, but I think in this case tasting is even better!
Went here on a little brunch date last week, we were told we'd have 90 minutes at the table but we certainly spent more time than that! 
The restaurant is clean and well spread out, and the outdoor seating is just delightful! I always assumed this was a bit of a stuffy restaurant and wasn't really eager to try it but we were actually seated near a group of 8-10 "bros" out brunching for one of their birthdays. At one point they started to sing Happy Birthday and the whole restaurant joined in. It was absolutely lovely.
The menu was a bit sparse and not really my ideal brunch menu but I landed on the shrimp and grits, it was really good - too many grits and not enough shrimp but it was cooked perfectly and had an excellent sauce.
BEST PART - Espresso Martinis!!! Don't sleep on these, I had at least 4 and was wired for the rest of the day. A simple pleasure of mine is having an ultra boozy brunch and head home for a nap - but after this brunch I didn't need a nap and enjoyed the rest of the gorgeous day out walking the city.
A new restaurant on the scene from Starr Restaurants, The Love is in the heart of Rittenhouse Square and provides a nice ambiance and dining atmosphere. There is a bar adjacent to the host area with limited seating and the general dining area is inviting but not pretentious. The restaurant isn't overly spacious and though our table was a bit small it was nicely located near a window. 

The service was attentive and the pace was good. 
The menu features a variety of appetizers, pasta, entrees, and vegetable sides, many of which seem to be comfort food or southern inspired dishes. 

We enjoyed the Parker House Rolls, served in a cast iron skillet and accompanied with chive butter. They were tasty and a nice starter.

The caramelle pasta was probably the least inspired. Although it was nicely presented the portion was minimal and though the butter sauce was warm, the pasta twists themselves were cold which was somewhat off putting. 

The highlight of the meal was actually the seasonal chicken. I'm not a huge fan of chicken but this chicken was fried in buttermilk, boneless, and was soft and flavorful. The accompanying grits were a bit heavy on the butter, but okay. The collard greens were fine, the comeback sauce was well prepared. 

For a side vegetable we tried the torched broccoli with hot sauce. The presentation was a little unsightly, it was more like broccoli tossed haphazardly in sauce, but it was tasty. 

Our drinks were good, the restaurant has a good enough variety of cocktails, wine and other libations to get along with, though I wouldn't characterize the pours as particularly generous for some of the prices. 

Our dessert consisted of the Dirt Sundae, of chocolate mousse and topped with crushed cookies/fruit. The presentation was nice and the mousse was well flavored and a good way to conclude the meal. 

All in all, I think the ambiance and service were where the restaurant excelled. We enjoyed most of the fare, with the exceptions noted above. I would be curious to try some additional entrée dishes or return for brunch.
The overall ambiance of the restaurant is great and the service is wonderful.  The food did not blow my mind.  It's high quality and well made dishes, but the flavors were good, but not amazing.  Worst part was that I had to take some food home, including the Parker House rolls, and they didn't include the chive butter!  Dry bread?!  

This is what we ordered:

Cheese Plate: It was good, but not a great mix of cheeses.  It had a lot of goat cheese and there weren't a lot of great accompaniments like honey, sauces, etc.  

Purist Poke: This is was probably the most unique and delicate dish of the night.  Great flavors from the salmon with the delicious hawaiian salt and avocado.  Great combination of flavors.

Parker House Rolls: I know it's "healthyfied" since they're whole wheat, but they are just not indulgent like regular Parker House rolls.  It's not buttery and creamy with a hint of sweetness and salt.  The chive butter is very delicious.  

Brisket Pappardelle:  Great, fresh pasta.  Savory brisket.  The dish is just a bit one note.  No crunch, no sweet, no acid.  Just savory.  It was good, but not great.

Salmon dish: My dinner guest got that dish.  Great crispy skin, but again, nothing amazing.

Cast Iron Cake: I never had rhubarb before and it sounded good.  It was good.  I do not enjoy really strong ginger flavor, so the ice cream wasn't for me.
I wish we could give half stars if so this would be a 3.5.
I went with a friend for dinner early on black Friday. 
Dollar water - The waitress first presents you with their "special" filtered water which costs $1 per person. They make it feel as though its the only option if you want water and so we, confused, accepted only to find out later (and only because we asked) that regular tap water is available. I'm not sure why but i was really irritated right off the bat with feeling obligated to pay extra for water. It was just water. And it was only $1 I should get over it, but somehow I felt scammed. If you go here don't fall for it!
Decor/Service - Generally the decor was warm and nice. Comforting. We had a booth which was spacious for 2. It wasn't too loud. Service was good, maybe a little too much "Love" as we were constantly attended to by various waitstaff which made conversation with my friend choppy at times as we had to assure various wait staff we were happy and not finished with what we were eating (they really wanted our plates and glasses back). Also, there seemed to be a lot of people working that night. They were literally tripping over each other. It was amusing at first until it wasn't. 
Food/Drink - I started with a Sunset boulevard (i think it was called) a champagne drink, which was good and my friend stuck with wine all night which she enjoyed. She couldn't decide between two options so the waitress let her sample some before she chose which she appreciated. 
The food was overall very good. We started with the Gnocco Fritto which was one of my favorite things. I've never had this before so I didn't know what to expect. They were hollowed pastry shells with a side of the mortadella and onion jam. I wasn't sure how to eat it so we tore the shells apart, stuffed them with the meat and slathered jam on everything. So good. I'd get this again in a heartbeat. 
We also split the Pierogi with Panna cotta and caviar. This was also good. The creamy panna cotta and the salty caviar over the pierogi was very enjoyable. I'd get this again also.
For mains, we split the Ricotta Ravioli and the Salmon. The ravioli was easily my least favorite thing. If it had rosemary in it, we couldn't taste it. The hazelnuts gave it a nice texture but compared to the other 3 dishes we had it was just underwhelming. The salmon was fantastic. It had a nice charred skin and was cooked just as it should have been. The BEST part of the salmon is the crispy brussles sprouts with the soy balsamic glaze. It was the tastiest part of the entire meal and I almost licked that part of my plate clean. There was a decent serving of it on the plate but i wanted more. So good.
Finally for dessert we ordered the carrot cake sundae which was 2 scoops of cream cheese ice cream with some wet walnuts. We didn't finish this and it wasn't worth ordering. 
Overall, 3.5 stars a nice experience. This would've been a solid 4 stars without the water, 20% less attentive staff (which I feel is an odd thing to say but its just how I felt) and had we passed on dessert. We paid a little over $100/person (with tip) for water, 2 drinks each, split 2 appetizers, 2 mains and dessert. If I ever find myself back there, I'd probably re-order the GnoccoFritto and Salmon.  
I'd definitely pass on the $1 water.
The Love is a perfect example of what two people can do. Aimee Olexy of Talula's Garden fame and Stephen Starr pair up to bring us this amazing new edition to the regions culinary scene. 

The decor is minimal yet cozy highlighted by the arched brickwork in the ceiling. The cocktails are lovingly prepared. I highly recommend the $20.00 Manhattan. A custom made over proofed rye made specifically for The Love is the standout ingredient in this perfect Manhattan. 

The food, not surprisingly, is well executed and was absolutely delicious. I enjoyed every bite of my Farmers Salad, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, and my Acorn Squash with red sauce and burrata. We finished off the evening with the Chocolate Slice and the Cookie Plate which paired very well with my glass of vintage port. I loved The Love!
Great atmosphere I had The scallops they were delicious,service was great, and desserts were to die for
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: this morning for brunch with a friend 
- Frequency: was my first time. Heard from a girlfriend its dinner special was great.
- Next visit? Sure! 

FOODRINK:
- Dear Prudence: I couldn't quite taste the gin. Definitely the champagne. Good presentation. 
- Cheese ball #3, lavendar, pistachio, fig-honey& crisp: I wondered what cheese ball #2 and cheese ball #1 tasted like. The lavendar is an amazing finishing flavor touch to this appetizer, like a fragrant finishing perfume on your palate after the goat cheese melts. The fig-honey is well grouped into a jam texture so while it's not conducive to teaching a child about what a fig looks like, it's pretty tasty. **TIPS** you can get extra crisps. We asked for more bc we had more cheese and fig-honey than the crisps.
- Ricotta Ravioli: I can't believe it's carrot sauce!!! How?!?! The ricotta filling is superb. The restaurant did not skimp out on the quantity of the ricotta. The basil is lightly oven roasted and will give you a new appreciation for the potential of basil + fennel. 
- Cheddar Black Pepper Waffle: I might have hyped this dish in my mind so I was faced with slight disappointment. The cayenne-cinnamon pecan sounded good on the menu but tasted like a disappointing bore on my palate. Maples apples were nice but overly sweet. The delicate flavor balance I had imsgined was off. Would not get it again.

VIBE:
- Very modern and inviting 
- I saw families, babies, girlfriends. So appropriate for all age groups.
- Our waiter is super sweet and young. Even when we didn't have our waiter, there were people coming up asking for drinks and etc. 
- Feels like you're at someone's home (in the best way) the blue couches are so loving
- Noise level was relatively low 
- Wait time for food arrival: 3 minutes 28 for the drinks. 7 minutes 50 seconds for appetizer (time after drinks) 8 minutes 4 seconds for the entreees. (time after appetizer)
- Wait time for our check: 26 seconds.
Being a fan of Starr restaurants, I've been looking forward to going to The Love. It seemed fitting to save the experience for celebrating "love" with our wedding anniversary. It was a Tuesday evening, so not insanely busy. I had marked "anniversary" while making the reservation on Open Table, and they asked again when calling to confirm if we were celebrating our anniversary that night. 

The hostess was very welcoming and chatted to us for a bit as they cleared our table. Didn't offer to take our coats, though, and I noticed there was a coat closet on the way out. We ordered drinks and it took 10+ minutes to receive them. No biggie, though. Our server was nice enough but fairly unremarkable. We didn't see much of him. 

We had the cast-iron rolls, duck salad, fried chicken, and lamb. The food was cooked and seasoned well and the drinks were good, but both were definitely overpriced. Dessert was pleasant. 

No mention of our anniversary that night, so it didn't feel special in any way. Just another night going out to eat. Why even ask/confirm if you're celebrating anything? For the amount you end up spending, I would expect a higher level of service.

All in all, you're better off going to Bud & Marilyn's for similar food and a more enjoyable experience (better prices, too). For a $200+ meal for two, it was a bit of a let down.
Eminently pleasant nouveau southern.

I had a seasonal special which was basically fried chicken.

It had a Peruvian aji-like sauce given an American name to keep Dixie authenticity.

It also had large sprigs of rosemary and thyme on the side in the sauce.

The herbs on the side made the dish.

Fried chicken generates debates.

I like mine with a thick crispy crunchy coating.

But for a thin light crumb-y batter, this chicken was entirely fine.

* * *

There were super creamy grits with a jalapeno on top. 

The jalapeno looked pretty but was wisely put aside.

Creamy grits are superfilling - but the plate needed that.

* * *

The star of the show were the collard greens.

They were just a little bit sweet, just a little bit fruity, just a little bit spicy and just a little bit porky.

They were also a whole lot collard-green-y.

The collard greens made the meal.

The collard greens were five star material.

Hell, given them fifty stars for the American flag.

* * *
Bartending is not wonderful.

My "semi-bitter" dessert drink was not bitter enough to be engaging and not sweet enough to be dessert.

I drank it like a good boy. 

* * *

The collard greens were a real treat.

I suspect there are more real treats elsewhere on the menu. 

But nothing is bad, and each dish has its own angle and its own appeal.

Eat here and everything will be okay.

Eat your collard greens here and everything will be real real real okay.
We wanted to have a lunch out for the first time in ages, and so we booked a spot at The Love's outdoor seating area along the street in front of their restaurant. It was cold day, but the hot air being piped in to the individually sectioned-off tables made it comfortable. We made the reservation on Open Table, and it's a good thing we did, because when we left, we saw a huge line of people waiting to eat. The staff were professional and crisp, like any good dining experience, but it just happened that the dining room was outside.

As for the food, it was very good. I got the "Take Me Away" (fried nashville hot chicken, griddled brioche, pickles, and comeback sauce), which was wonderful. The chicken was tender and moist, the outside was crispy and very well seasoned, the sauce was impressively spicy, and even the pickles were good. And it paired well with a Wyndridge Original apple cider. Dessert was the Apple Marzipan Tea Cake, which again, was very tasty.

Overall, The Love was fantastic. It made us so happy to be able to eat outside but still have a great dining experience. I would definitely go back.
I came here as my first stop in outdoor dining post-quarantine, and I was incredibly impressed by the way the restaurant has adapted to the situation. I made a reservation online (would definitely recommend since seating is limited) and we strolled over on a Monday evening. We were seated at one of the number of tables along the sidewalk which had a surprisingly nice ambience! 

Starting with the drinks, I ordered the dreamweaver (which tasted a lot like a bellini) and we also had beers. For the food, we started with the summer corn and black truffle risotto which was one of the most interesting and tasty risottos I've ever had. It was perfectly cooked with chunks of sweet corn topped with roasted shishito pepper, providing a wonderful contrast of flavors. For the main, we got the Lovebird and the Salmon Situation. The Lovebird was AMAZING. Incredibly juicy fried chicken and the most buttery corn grits accompanying the dish. I just wish there was a little more sauce under the chicken (I licked it all up!). The salmon was also very good with a wonderfully crispy skin and served in an interesting turmeric vinaigrette and yellow curry.

Service was excellent and the speed of the meal was perfect - I didn't feel rushed and the food came out at a great pace. We were very appreciative of the servers who are returning to their jobs despite the current climate!

Overall, I was very impressed by The Love. The quality of the food, the service, and the ambience was excellent! Would highly recommend as a fantastic outdoor dining option in Philly.
Met a friend here and was excited to get in on such short notice, I called around 5pm on a Tuesday and was able to get in 6:45pm. Excited since I was anxious to try the new Steven Starr, I wasn't let down.... just not blown away. Perogies are hard to mess up but they were indeed amazing, and the caviar dip certainly added a tasty edge for my sour cream. We also ordered the veggies, I am not sure why I thought they would be hot, but this was the best crudité I have ever had! I also had the duck salad and poke bowl all very tasty! Ill be back because I love going out in Rittenhouse but maybe next time for lunch because it wasn't cheap! 

Take that back, no lunch menu??? Gotta get on that for Christmas Shoppers!
Brunch review!

I've stopped in for brunch at The Love twice now. Both times, I really enjoyed my meal. The first time I came in on a Saturday with two friends. At 1pm we snagged an Open Table res for 1:15, walked in and were seated right away. I had the open-faced turkey sandwich. It was really decadent and delicious! I also loved the side salad and the breakfast potatoes were perfectly crispy. My friends liked their dishes as well. The second time we had a reservation for 12:30pm. Upon arrival, we were told there was a bit of a wait and they offered for us to grab upstairs and grab a drink while we waited. That should have been an indicator that the wait was going to be long... We chose to wait by the stand... 20 minutes went by before we were finally seated. 

Our server apologized and offered to cover our appetizers. We ordered the cheese ball and mini biscuits and they brought out the hush puppies as well. The spicy butter with the hush puppies was phenomenal - order it! This time I went with the brown egg omelet. It was delicious as well. Unfortunately, when we got the check we were charged for all 3 appetizers. It just put us in an awkward situation - we didn't even order one of them, and then we were questioning whether we correctly heard our server. We ended up mentioning it and they took off 2 of the apps. Honestly it wasn't a big deal, but was a little uncomfortable. 

Looking forward to coming back for dinner sometime!
"The Love" gave me no love. I left heartbroken about the wasted Saturday night dinner - the restaurant was that bad. The hype was overwhelming and so we had to go, but spare your palate and your wallet and your heart and go someplace else. 

Our appetizers were average, at best. We ordered a smoked trout toast and bread rolls. The toast was alright but the taste of garlic and mayo were overpowering the taste of fish. The bread rolls were warm but bland. That's about it. We could tell from the presentation that there was not even a slightest pretense of love when the chef prepared the dish. 

We immediately noticed that the choice of appetizers was underwhelming,and so we had a difficult time finding something that sounded delicious. Probably, it was a sign for us to leave, but we ignored it and stayed, unfortunately. I would imagine that the rest of the appetizers were as bad as what we have ordered today. 

The main dishes were even worse, totally yucky! My husband ordered a fish curry($34!). When we asked the waitress about this dish, she said it was the most flavorful choice on the menu. We didn't realize that she was joking. The sauce was atrocious, and it should be a crime to make a dish that bland! I shudder at the thought of how nauseating that dish was. 

I ordered pasta with braised veal. My search for veal uncovered only a handful of veal pieces - some were fatty, some were super over cooked. 

By the end of our underwhelming meal, naturally I started fantasizing about what Chef Ramsay would have said (maybe even screamed and shouted and cried in despair) about the quality of our meal at The Love(*cringing at the mismatch between the name of the restaurant and the quality delivered). 

We usually order desserts, but the dessert menu didn't offer anything that sounded edible. At the end of our experiment ( can't even call it a meal), the waitress brought two tiny squares of cake that actually looked edible, and these were presented pompously as "compliments of the chef." We tried the squares and they were quite good(*gasp). We suggested to the waitress that we would be happy to order the full sized pieces of the squares. Her response was "I will tell the chef that you enjoyed the squares. Thank you. She would be pleased to hear." Honestly, we didn't say it to please anybody and we were not there to please, but to eat and to enjoy ourselves. Her answer should have been "We apologize for this horrible dessert menu, and we also apologize that the squares were only offered to tease and not as samples of something that you could potentially order. Sorry for teasing you, our dear customer, with something that was finally edible." 

Service: The server was disinterested in how the meal was progressing. Actually, we felt rushed throughout the whole meal. 

Overall vibe: Some places have, and some don't. Unsurprisingly, this place lacks that as well.
Ambience and service: deserves five stars. Really homey feeling and our waitress was really friendly. She gave great feedback on the food options and was honest. Never left with an empty glass of water. Our food came out pretty fast. 

Food: deserves a 3/5. For being a Starr restaurant, I didn't think it was anything over the top. For example, there wasn't anything special about the Eat Your Veggies appetizer. The goddess dip was good, but nothing great and the veggies had no seasoning on it. Not worth $10. The butternut ravioli squash was decent, but I've had tastier. It was a little too rich for me. My friend said the chicken dish he got was delicious but I didn't try any (vegetarian). I do recommend the Parker house rolls...so fresh! They come in the cast iron skillet and the butter is a great touch. Also the torched broccoli was probably my favorite part (along with the grits!). 

Overall, decent place but didn't live up the Stephen Starr quality in my opinion.
Meh. Not feeling the love actually. Mock tails were great but the hot chicken was mediocre, if they're making the pickles that came with it they should stop doing that, they were NOT good. The Dalmon quinoa bowl was tasty but I could've done without the literal pool of the cashew dressing. Parker house rolls weren't a big hit either ( nor were they Parker house rolls, but I digress)
Service was very pleasant. I get it. Finding cooks during the pandemic is tough but for a Stephen Starr outpost I expected more...
Great place. The fried green tomatoea with pimento cheese and hush puppies were delish! Great pickles too! I liked the appetizers more than the shrimp green salad. All delish though!
Brunch review only.  The Love is a great addition to Rittenhouse. Opted to try brunch here first because the dinner seems overpriced.

I loved the decor. The first thing you notice is a beautiful bar when you walk in. The chairs suited this southern style restaurant and reminded me of my grandmom's chairs in Tennessee. 

I ordered the lemon poppy pancakes. They can with a perfectly sour cherry syrup. The pancakes themselves were huge and very fluffy; exactly what pancakes should be.  We also had the lox board. The lox were very fresh.  My only complaint is the bialy was too thin and we couldn't cut it. Other than that it was a good bialy. The cucumber salad was a nice accompaniment to this meal.

I would highly recommend for brunch.  I need to come back to try their bloody!
I was in town for work and a friend was meeting me who wanted to try this out, as it opened 6 months ago. We had lunch here and ordered the burger and turkey melt to share with a side of the cucumber salad. I loved the burger and thought it was better than the turkey melt. The rosemary chips were really good, and I dipped them in the side of cheese fondue that came with the burger. The pickle was just okay. 

Cucumber salad had feta and basil (?) but I thought it would also have a grain, but it didn't. Perhaps I misread the menu?

Overall, beautiful space and delicious food. Worth the price point? Maybe not, but definitely worth going to at least once! Warning: the bathrooms are candlelit so be prepared for a dark bathroom.
I have been looking forward to coming here literally since it opened, and it finally happened! Usually after this many months of anticipation of trying to go to a new restaurant the expectations get built up too high leading to disappointment. Well...this did not happen here! The place is super cute - open, with a modern old country decor. It was pretty packed for lunch, but we were able to get a reservation the day before pretty easily. For the food...the little fried dough balls were awesome, with a delicious butter dip. I also had the salmon bowl... which was so amazing. Light but really filling and full of flavor. Unfortunately I didn't have enough time to stay for dessert but this is definitely on my list of places to go back to. Super highly recommend!
Overall had a pretty good experience. The food was delicious but I felt very rushed. 

First off, we had a reservation at 9pm but didn't get seated until closer to 9:30. At this point we were really hungry and just wanted to put in an appetizer while we looked at the rest of the menu. However, the waiter informed us that she had to put in our entire order at once. Wasn't very happy because I just wanted food fast!
This place has one of THE most attentive General Managers I've ever met.  He is why I'm rating The Love five stars instead of four.

My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We ordered quite a few dishes to get a sampling of their offerings. Most of them were amazing. However, we felt the fig caesar salad was weak.  Boyfriend asked if I minded if he told the server what he thought, and I said I didn't, so long as we balanced it with raving about how amazing the crispy duck salad was (one of the best dishes there, IMO.) We told her, and before we knew it, the general manager was right there, apologizing, and we ended up getting a free cucumber salad. Nice move, GM!

Honestly, the whole experience was great, thanks to him.

One suggestion-stop charging for the Parker rolls. Yes, they're delicious, but bread really should come free, in my opinion. Esp when you're dropping nearly $200 for dinner. 

Also, don't bother ordering the coffee.  It was very weak. But I haven't found many restaurants of this caliber offering good coffee, which is a shame because I love a good coffee when I'm eating a totally delicious decadent dessert, which The Love has in spades.
There was nothing about The Love... that I loved. But being the new Stephen Starr restaurant, we decided to check it out and "not judge a book by it's cover."

Although the decor is aesthetically pleasing and the drinks are mediocre (at best), the food was extremely underwhelming.
We asked the waitress what she she recommended, she stated the most expensive dishes on the menu. In my experience, I've found that either she's just trying to shut us up or she doesn't really know the menu.

With such a small menu, we surprisingly had trouble figuring out what to order- we stuck with the Pierogies and Ricotta Ravioli.
The Pierogies were room temperature and served with a big pile of what seemed like cream cheese.
The ravioli was good but nothing to really rave about.

This place is pretty overpriced for what you're getting and considering the other restaurants around Rittenhouse, I'd probably skip over this one.
I rarely give 5 stars but this place earned all 5. The steak tartare appetizer was great. Everybody enjoyed their entrees. The steak was cooked to perfection, the fried chicken lived up to its billing as the signature dish, the branzino was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The only dish that wasn't excellent was the onion ring type dish - it was executed well but a little underwhelming compared to everything else on the table. 

The decor and ambience are excellent for the dining room. The bar area seemed like it was lacking something but it's perfectly fine for getting a drink while waiting for a table. The triple door system is also a nice touch for keeping the cold air outside despite people coming and going.
As someone who isn't a huge fan of typical brunch fare, I was a bit skittish when my sister broached the idea of going to The Love for a family get-together. I've been let down in the past by fancy brunch spots that end up underdelivering and overcharging for their overcooked eggs and well cocktails. Fortunately, The Love was such a game-changer for me that I am seriously reconsidering my intrinsic vendetta against the concept of brunch. Talk about an egg-sistential crisis.

The Love is situated in one of the intersections right off of Rittenhouse, perfectly nestled between Tria and The Dandelion. Steven Starr sure knows how to find great locations for his restaurants. Street parking was surprisingly easy to find, but I image we lucked out - this is a really hot area and it might make more sense to ride share on a weekend morning. We got there at around 11AM on a Saturday and were greeted with a cozy speakeasy-esque bar on our left, and the absolutely beautiful bespoke dinning room on our right. We were a party of four and were seated within five minutes into a comfy couch-booth a bit further into the restaurant. I truly commend the staff here, as they did an incredible job making us feel comfortable and giving us significant attention and focus during our brunch.

The menu is a kerning nightmare but very trendy and cool - it's kind of hard to read the actual menu items given the variety of fonts, but I personally think that adds to a bit of the charm of the place/encourages you to ask your server questions. We all ordered cocktails, mine of which was a Bloody Mary. It was one of the tastiest drinks I've had in a while; one note is that I do recall my sister saying she wasn't a huge fan of the mule. We ordered a muffin basket for the table - I highly recommend getting one of these to start, as they are in a variety of flavors and are so warm, soft, and fluffy. It's an incredible way to start the meal and they are perfect to share. I ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes for my main course, and was so taken with the dish that I literally had to stop myself from ordering a second one. The cherry glaze over the top pancake was so flavorful, but what was even more astonishing was the fact that every subsequent pancake tasted equally as moist and flavorful. I can also attest that the other savory options that my family had were equally as delicious.

Overall, we had an incredible time at The Love. The service was impeccable, the food was delicious and prompt, and the environment of the restaurant really makes you enjoy taking some time out to unwind on a weekend morning/afternoon and enjoy some of the finer things in life.

One last note: I have since gone again to The Love and they were incredibly accommodating to a larger party of 8.
Was drawn to The Love by warm, inviting ambience.  Fortunately, I asked for the tap water option at the very beginning and didn't get stuck with the $1 water charge.  I've been drinking Schuylkill Punch for 40 years and haven't turned green or grown any weird appendages.  Had the Lobster Spaghetti.  It was basically an appetizer/internezzo portion and was quite pricey.  Delicious marriage of lobster and butter.  The wine was likewise very good.  I was still hungry, so I ordered dessert (Cranberry butter cake).  It was good, but again pricey.  The service was attentive and courteous.  I spent over $70 for an appetizer, glass of wine and dessert.  That was a surprise for an after-work supper!  The noise level was comfortable.  Visually, the room and bar are very welcoming.  For the price, I would have appreciated table linens and complimentary bread.  I would come back for an occasion, but was disappointed to find this cozy spot not likely to be a neighborhood go-to.
Tonight my friend and I went to The Love and had a terrific experience all around.  As soon as we were seated by our hostess, a server appeared and asked us what type of water we would like and told is the drink specials.  They then gave the perfect amount of time for us to review the menu, before coming to take our order. Not too fast, not too slow. 

My friend and I decided to share the Braised Brisket Fazzoletti and the Santa Fe Salmon. Both were delicious with each component tasting delicious on its own and together as a whole.  I thought the pepita sage crumbs gave the salmon a nice flavor and texture.  But the real star was the pasta dish.  I could have that every day! 

For dessert, we shared the Warm Gingerbread Madeleines, which cane with caramel, orange whipped cream and cranberry relish. I'm not a big dessert person, so this was great because it was not too sweet and was well balanced with the tartness of the cranberries and the spice of the gingerbread. 

From the service to the creative food to the ambience, The Love is well worth a visit.
I finally visited The Love for weekend brunch and am so glad I did! We were seated right away and our server was friendly and attentive. The outdoor seating is wonderful, especially with 18th shut down for outdoor dining!

As for food, the warm cinnamon roll scones were EVERYTHING! I could eat those everyday. The frosting/icing was warm and not overly sweet. The scones were moist and tasty and the perfect size, I highly recommend! As for my meal, I opted for the Turkey avocado melt. It was tasty, but nothing special and not for me. My guest loved the chicken and waffles, though! Finally, we both opted for lattes (delicious) and each had a cocktail. 

I am not jumping to go back for the brunch food itself, but the location and service cannot be beat. I will definitely be back to try the dinner menu!
The Love is the equivalent of an early 2000s Katherine Heigl rom com: it does not disappoint, yet leaves you wondering if you could have spent an hour and a half of your Saturday night in a more impressive manner. While none of the dishes I ordered at this establishment stood out as particularly bad, I believe that a Philadelphia resident can eat food of similar style at other restaurants in the city which are superior in both their menu selection and quality. 
To start, The Love's cheese plate, Labor of Love, certainly does not lack in portion size. While the selected cheeses pleased the palate, the bread was unimpressive and could do with some varying. Moreover, one should not order this dish in a party fewer than 3 people, as my dining comrade and I were unable to finish the cheese board, leaving me wondering whether it was wise to spend $24 on semi-uneaten dairy.
Let us move on to the Southern Style Hush Puppies: nothing impressive here. Of course, it would take an astounding lack of intelligence to screw up a deep-fried cornmeal, so I cannot say that this dish tasted "bad," per se, but I could have done without it.
The Ruby Beet Risotto: likely my favorite dish from the night, and I would recommend ordering this starter if you choose to dine at The Love. The pomegranate was an excellent touch and a topping of crispy kale complemented the risotto in a delightful manner. Don't expect to taste beet in this dish though (although its name led me to naively expect otherwise). 
As for the Pulled Brisket Fazzoletti: failed to disappoint, yet also failed to blow my mind in any way. While the brisket was cooked well and pulled apart beautifully, the broccoli in this dish appeared as a sad afterthought, lacking any purpose, like a side salad that always shows up at pizza parties and remains neglected in the corner of a basement. I likely would have done better ordering the famous Love fried chicken. Who knows.

In terms of outdoor seating in the winter: The Love exceeded expectations. I was seated in an enclosed and heated "love shack," which offered my dining companion and myself with a quiet, warm environment. 

Will I be returning to The Love soon? Likely not. But let us be honest with ourselves. As much as Katherine Heigl bores us, we always end up re-watching 27 Dresses on some lonely Friday night. In a similar vein, I could see myself dining once more at this restaurant.
I tried this place for the first time recently for my fiancées birthday .. We both liked it very much .. The place was very nice .. The food was fantastic .. We started with the duck salad and rolls, the duck was cooked perfectly, the butter that came with the rolls was tasty ..  For the main courses I tried the short rib stroganoff which is really a must try, and my fiancée had the veal lasagna .. Both were amazing and the meat was cooked very well .. For the dessert we had the salted chocolate slice and the pucker up citrus .. Both very good .. I highly recommend the place, especially for dates and would definitely go back there again ..
Love at first site - even more so after first bite! 

I absolutely love the decor  - modern and sleek with traditional touches and warm lighting. Seating is comfortable and noise level moderate. Service was impeccable without being intrusive or overbearing. 

We started with (not pictured) crudités and green goddess dip which was goddess worthy - with a beautiful assortment of colorful seasonal vegetables and delicious savory dip. And, the perfectly crisped duck salad with butterscotch pears and a ginger dressing, which was easily shareable. 

My veal lasagne with ricotta, green kale and basil noodles with tomatoes melted in my mouth. It was heavenly and a must try! The acorn squash pomodoro with fresh burrata and tomato sauce was rich and creamy but not heavy. The Brussels sprouts were fried and but not overly (perhaps I delude myself) and finished with a soy glaze. 

For dessert we ordered the cranberry brown butter bar with organic caramel and toasted pecan ice cream. A friend sent us the "Not your neighbor's cookie plate", and it wasn't. A combination of sweet, small delights featuring salted caramel and chocolate chip cookies and other pastries covered the plate and were a nice finish to the meal, along with my freshly brewed espresso.  

I look forward to returning. Aimee Olexy and Stephen Starr are blending their special magic by Rittenhouse Square.
I stopped in at The Love, Steven Starr's latest offering, for a late bite and a drink and liked it so much, I came back for dinner, with more mixed results.

The space feels surprisingly cozy considering how large the restaurant actually is. Service is friendly and attentive, and food arrived at a good pace. I'd strongly recommend a reservation if you want to dine at a table, but if you don't have a reservation, the bar is first-come first-serve and has the same menu as the restaurant.

The menu feels like the American South-meets-Italy. The bartender described one of their appetizers, the gnocco fritto, as savory beignets, and she was spot on. It's also our favorite appetizer - fluffy puffs of dough served with mortadella and savory onion jam. The poke, though beautifully plated, was seasoned very unevenly, so some bites were very salty while others had no flavor. Big plate-wise, we loved the fried chicken, which came boneless yet perfectly crispy, tender, and juicy and served with sides of collard greens and creamy grits. In the short rib stroganoff dish, I loved that the short rib was served as a single piece of tender, glazed, slow-cooked meat, as opposed to mixed together with the egg noodles, mushrooms, and cream sauce. The scallops with tangerine butter were cooked perfectly, though the tangerine butter tasted less like tangerine and more like a vaguely citrusy, sugary butter.

As at all other Starr restaurants, the cocktails at The Love are great. I've tried and really enjoyed their take on a mule (with mezcal and cranberry cider), their "very good bourbon drink" (which was dangerously smooth and well balanced). The desserts were enjoyable, though not particularly memorable (I think we got the matcha ice cream and some kind of chex mix sundae.)

The menu skews on the expensive side considering the size of the portions and the casual feel of the place: appetizers (or "creative pantry beginnings") are $15-$20, pastas are $17-$23 for small plates, and the big plates (or "a real meal") are in the $30s range. The water also costs $1pp for filtered water, offered sparkling or still. (Unfiltered tap water is free.) All the dishes are quite shareable, but if you order in the conventional appetizer-entrée-dessert + drink format, the meal can easily edge up to at least $60-70pp. I do hope they plan to change the menu at least a few times a year - I like the concept but during my second visit, our party felt that the menu especially in the "creative pantry section" (perhaps a misnomer?), was quite small and limited.
Such a sweet place. Cozy, great lighting, beautiful understated decor and bustling in a good way. We had dinner here tonight to celebrate my friends birthday and were not disappointed. The service was good, the drinks were innovative and balanced and the food was delicious. One of the favorites of the night was the trout dish that I ordered. Whole trout, beautifully seared, served with collard greens for accompaniment. The birthday girl ordered the pork chop that was cooked to perfection. There was also an order of the buttermilk fried chicken that was divine. The batter on the chicken was light but so flavorful. The place has a great feel. Great big arched entrance ways, hardwood floors and simple decor. I loved The Love. I'll be back.
Beware of the charge for still water!!! At the beginning of the meal we were offered still or sparkling- the typical- we chose still. We were very surprised at the end to see a dollar per glass charge for the water. I asked the waitress and she said "oh I should have told you, we charge because it's our personal filtered water.' 
Do I really mind paying $2 for water during a $140 meal? Not necessarily. I do mind the principal of being charged for something that wasn't clear there would be a charge for. 
It was a wonderful meal with very special food and good service but that surprise, based on principle, was disappointing and left a bad taste in our mouths.
Amazing food! We stumbled upon this place while walking around Rittenhouse area and we totally lucked out! They seated us as walk ins right away with a heat lamp and we had a great dinner!

We had:
Crispy Duck Salad 
Southern Style Hush Puppies 
'Everything' Salmon 

For dessert:
'Dirty Chai' Crème Brulee 

For drinks:
Brand New Bourbon Drink
Strawberry-Ginger Mule

Overall great night, although at times, the service made us feel rushed. I don't like to have my plate snatched out from under me while I'm in the middle of chewing and I also feel like the waiter kept talking to me while I still had food in my mouth (-1 star). Other than that it was delicious and were licking our plates clean throughout.

I would highly recommend this place for any occasion!
Steven Starr did it again with The Love. We came here for brunch on a late Sunday morning after the Broad Street run. I had the Chalet burger w/ an egg, which was absolutely delicious. Everyone at the table was very satisfied with the variety of breakfast/lunch options we ordered. Definitely get the sticky cinnamon roll as well!  

The one very big down side is the price. It's very expensive. The burger w/ egg is $20. So there's that. I came here with some friend's parents who were very generous and insisted on paying. I can't imagine coming back here unless I had a gift card or could convince more financially secure adults to subsidize my apparent food addiction.
Got dinner with a coworker at The Love. We ate outside in the lovely sidewalk patio area. 

For apps, we shared the carrot ginger soup, crispy duck salad, and tuna crudo. For entrees, we shared the scallops with the eggplant side. For dessert, we got the summer corn waffle. Overall, the food was great -- our favorite was the crispy duck salad (such incredible crisp on the duck and the berry mustard salad dressing was divine!). The only thing I might not order again was the eggplant side, as it was quite salty. 

The last thing I'll mention is that our server was incredibly friendly and attentive -- she was so sweet and definitely made our dining experience even better than it already was
Chose to come to the love for celebrating a life event with my boyfriend! First off, on a Friday evening this place is crowded. And I'm giving a 3 Star review because of the experience we had more so than the quality of the food which was delicious!! Unfortunately as a table of two sharing a moment, we got shoved into an upstairs room with two large ROWDY & LOUD parties. Honestly it totalllllly killed the ambiance and celebratory aspect of our dinner. We loved the food but were dying to get out of there by the end.

I found our waitresses were very helpful, gave us advice on the menu and were just the right amount of attentive. 

The foood tho, amazing. I had a gin limoncello drink which knocked my socks off, strong but so yummy. Started with the crispy duck salad, topped with pears and ginger dressing - I am never a salad gal but I literally could've ordered another round and had it as an entree.... portions are decent sized, too, so that's saying something. My bf had mushroom sourdough toast that he's still talking about bc of how savory it was. He had ribs that I didn't manage to try but I know he enjoyed. I also tried the lobster spaghetti - this was generously topped with lobster in a buttery sauce that was just a bit too rich after other apps (likely my own downfall) 

I would consider coming back bc of the food but I'm skeptical of having the vibe of another celebratory evening ruined.
Had an amazing meal here last night.  The ambiance they created is perfect, feeling very upscale yet inviting.  They did an amazing job with the lighting.  The cocktails were interesting and very well balanced.  In terms of the food, everything we ate was delicious.  The poke, the gnudi, and the fried chicken were highlights.  The dessert, the cracker Jax sundae, was great as well.  

My one big issue with this restaurant is the pricing.  For what was supposed to be "your neighborhood restaurant" the prices are way inflated.  30 dollars for fried chicken?  We spent about 90 bucks a person for a meal in quality that is met at many other restaurants in Philly for 20-30 less a person.   This will definitely prohibit us from coming here regularly. 

Pricing aside, the restaurant is excellent and would still highly recommend.
Great addition to the Rittenhouse restaurants. Came for Christmas Eve dinner and wasn't disappointed! Seating took about 10 minutes, longer than expected with a reservation but service was very pleasant. Atmosphere is romantic and warm. Cocktails and food are great! Definitely would recommend the rolls with chive butter, fried chicken, and the BROCCOLI is to die for. Who would have thought it would be such a stand out? 

Would definitely come again.
In the heart of Rittenhouse Square sits The Love, an impossibly popular restaurant that is a great choice for just about every occasion. It's massive (indoors is pretty standard size-wise but they've got a huge outdoor set), warm, homey and feels refined but not too upscale. I've tried to get a last-minute reservation here multiple times when visiting Philly, but that virtually never works, so props to my mom for booking us in early. The food is delicious and abundantly flavorful, with plenty of good options for the veggie-obsessed like me and proper omnivores like the rest of the population. It's not cheap, but portions are quite substantial. 

Came here at 8:15 on a Saturday night as a party of 6. Philly still has this strange pandemic rule where you can't book a table for more than five people, but the savvy among us know to book a table of four and a table of two and kindly request that these tables are near one another. My mom said that the restaurant couldn't guarantee we'd be close by, but we fortunately were. And funnily enough, there was a four-and-two family gathering right next to us who had done the same thing. We gotta get resourceful in this world!

We started off with cocktails, which I had been eagerly anticipating. My parents have been to the Love a bunch of times and rave about the cocktails here. They were decent but not memorable. I first tried The Perfect Pear (Vodka, Gin, Pear, Ginger, Bonal), which is advertised as a martini but it's honestly more of a gimlet-style drink. Cinnamon sugar rim, which is not my favorite addition to a drink in general but I managed. For my second drink I got the 18th Street Manhattan, which was magical and absolutely deadly if you're not careful. Definitely a highlight for me. 

The Love's dinner menu is pretty varied, seasonal with a bit of quirk. As I mentioned, portion sizes are surprisingly large, so you may end up needing to take home a baggie of leftovers (not a bad problem to have). If I had to think of one shortcoming, it would be that some of the dressings/sauces were a bit much. All were super flavorful and yummy, I just think they overdid it. Otherwise, this was an overwhelmingly positive experience. Eats, below:

Crispy Duck Salad w/ baby lettuces, butterscotch pears, fresh herbs and ginger vinaigrette: A-
This should not be categorized as an appetizer -- massive salad with a very generous piece of duck. But it was yummy, juicy, great all the same. The rest of the salad was okay, nothing too special, though duck and sweet pears together make a fantastic combo. 

Line-Caught Tuna Crudo w/ avocado, lime, seeded rice crisps, black garlic & kimchee dressings: A
Fun and playful presentation with many components that worked beautifully together. The crisps were tasty on their own but also great vessels for the tuna, and the dressings were both insanely delicious. Unlike the rest of what we ordered, dressings here were served in little dollops around the plate, so you can choose how much or how little you choose to indulge.

Sweet & Savory Fried Fall Brussel Sprouts w/ alpine cheese fondue and apple cider drizzle: A-
A great fall Brussels dish is one of my favorite things on this earth, and this was nearly there. I just found the sauce a bit heavy-handed and didn't even go for the fondue because there was plenty going on with the sprouts themselves. More of dousing than a "drizzle". 

Thai Salmon w/ spicy coconut red curry, broccoli-cabbage-pole bean sauté, fresh mango & lime puffs: A
Probably our favorite dish of the night. The curry was special and infused the veggie sauté with so much flavor. Coconut curry salmon is one of my favorite dishes to cook at home, though this preparation blew anything I've ever tried out of the water. Something to aspire to!
Food is delicious I went during brunch their scones were so delightful light and flaky with a touch of sweet and tartness. I think I prefer their dinner menu over their brunch. Ordered the shrimp and grits it was savory, tasty and comforting on a cold rainy morning we dined in.
So I went here the first time years ago, right after they opened. I predicted that once they worked out the kinks in their menu that it would be perfect. I am happy to report that I was correct. Every dish, every side, every drink... All of them amazing. I'm not sure you can actually go wrong. We had the shrimp and grits, biscuits, scones, bacon, chicken, omlette, hush puppies, and several cocktails. Really great. 

Special attention should be paid to the service as well. We originally got reservations for outdoor seating, but the weather took a turn for the worse and the staff called me up to ask if I wanted to change to indoor seating. They followed up really well.
More like 3.5 stars. Very attractive interior with a warm and friendly staff.  We were here for lunch and the place filled up quickly for a Monday. Wife had the crab ravioli which she loved. She said the pasta was light and perfectly cooked and the carrot flavored sauce added a unique taste that complimented the pasta. We shared the "pickled things" side dish which I enjoyed far more than she did. It is quite a lot of food for a side dish and has a very pronounced vinegar flavor. Again, I really enjoyed this but my wife did not care for how acidic it was. I got the prime rib sandwich which comes with a creamy horseradish sauce. It was cooked perfectly and is a substantial sandwich which comes with a side of greens and seasoned chips. I only had a few bites of the sandwich. In the interest of fairness I do not eat red meat often and felt the sandwich was a little heavy for my taste. Chips were seasoned well and cooked properly. I must say their iced tea is exceptional. The wife had a dessert which she enjoyed. I forget exactly what it was but remember it was the last one listed. She said it was light and not overly sweet. All in all excellent service, nice atmosphere and creative dishes compel us to return soon and sample other menu items.
Went to The Love a few weeks ago for bunch as it was rated one of the best in the city.  That is absolutely true!  The food here was absolutely amazing!

First off, the ambiance was quite nice.  Kinda like, southern chic meets Tuscany, if that makes any sense.  They also have private, outdoor dining that is also heated, so that's something else to consider when booking.

Now for the food.  We started off with drop biscuits, which some with chive butter.  Warm, moist, and delicious!  The butter really compliments the biscuits, and it was absolutely worth holding to the side for our entrees.  Next up, we had the mushroom risotto and the spicy fried chicken.  The risotto was absolutely unbelievable, one of the best I've ever had.  It's a little runnier than you typically see, almost as if they were attempting to recreate an oatmeal (as if it were breakfast, but it's risotto).  Very, very enjoyable texture, and seriously, it was soooo good.  The fried chicken is basically a whole chicken.  Two absolutely huge pieces of white meat, fried so well, with a great spice and awesome flavor.  Absolutely recommend!   That sauce, wow!

And on top of all that, the service was absolutely awesome.  Very attentive, very friendly.  We will definitely be going back!
We started our meal with two of the small "new beginnings" small plates -- the mini pumpkin scones and drop biscuits. 

The light pumpkin flavor of the scones paired nicely with the coffee cream cheese icing and cinnamon caramel -- it was a true autumn production. Meanwhile, the small drop biscuits came with a chive butter that enhanced the flavor of the fluffy biscuits.

For my entree, I ordered a single pancake. I didn't realize the pancake was the same lemon poppyseed pancake used in the entree version. I'm not much of a fan of lemon-flavored foods, but I barely picked up on any lemony notes, especially since there was no lemon buttercream in the entree version. However, the poppyseeds were much more present and added a subtle crunch to each bite. Overall, it was a delicious pancake, and sizable enough to be filling while still leaving room to sample some of the other menu items. Speaking of which, I tried both the stone-ground grits and the crisp new potatoes, both of which were amazing. The grits were probably the richest I've ever had -- they did not skimp on the butter. And the potatoes were just crispy enough with a delicious seasoning. All in all, I did not leave the table hungry. Everything was so good.

The service was spectacular -- everyone I interacted with from the host to our waiter was so friendly and attentive. The outdoor seating was lovely as well. I'd highly recommend this as a brunch spot.
After years of walking by this business, I finally decided to stop in.  I'm immediately blown away by the ambience.  The hosts were extremely helpful with a reservation.

Or table order the cheese board to start and were blown away by the plating.  It offered several cheeses from around the world with different textures - all of which were incredible.  I would highly recommended this for starters to share with the table as an appetizer.  I actually decided to order the tuna appetizer as my main course as I planned on ordering dessert.  The plating was phenominal and the textures were perfection.  It was nice light and delicate dish.  At the end, we ordered the brownie skillet which also blew us away.  100% would dine again!
Visited The Love this past weekend for girls night. The name is so aptly fitting as the ambiance is very romantic and cozy. The service was great, super attentive and helpful with making recommendations. We tried the Ravioli, The Fried Chicken, and the Short Rib Pasta. All 3 entrees were a 10/10! For apps we shared the Kale Caesar salad, Hush puppies, and Rolls with Chive Butter. Again, all 3 apps were a 10/10! For drinks we tried the Broken Arrow and let's just say after 3 rounds of those we still couldn't get enough lol. I'm only taking one star off because the restaurant wouldn't seat me until the entire party arrived and with covid that meant standing out in the cold. Other than that 9/10 would highly recommend and cannot wait to visit again soon
I've only been here twice, this is my first time post covid and everything was so good! It's very obvious that they know how to do outdoor dining because I was entirely comfortable in 40-50 degree weather. Service was very consistent and good. Our waiter was attentive and kept coming back to ask if we needed anything. The host was beyond amazing, we didn't have reservations and she made sure to accommodate us and made us feel very comfortable! I recommend the scallops I cleaned my plate and I was not even that hungry but it was just that good!
Came out for dinner with a friend as a way to treat ourselves at the end of the year. Had a lovely dining experience and the food was amazing. 

We came on a Wednesday night and had a reservation for 7:45. The restaurant was more packed than I expected and we waited at the bar for a bit before being seated. We got a lovely corner table for two. 

We ordered the labor of love cheese board and we loved all of the cheese except the "red cat". The little goat cheese mouse is the cutest thing .

I got the lobster spaghetti and my friend ordered the braised brisket pasta dish. Both were amazing, but the portions are slightly on the smaller side. 

Absolutely loved the service. Our waitress was very attentive. Would definitely come back for another night out!
Beautiful ambience, attentive staff, and amazingly delicious food. They even took us 45 mins before our reservation (weekday). Highly recommend the labor of love, ricotta ravioli, lovebird (chicken, which could be for 2 people), salted chocolate slice (very delectable - a must share), and Moroccan chai tea. Mmm mmm good!
