Average chocolate macademian nut cookie and poor service even though I was the ONLY one in line make this 3 stars.

True story I broke off a piece of this cookie to try and found it too hard and too sugary for my taste that I gave it to the homeless woman outside who was asking for food.

This cookie was a no go in my book.
Famous 4th Street Cookie Company in Reading Terminal Market is a delicious spin off of my favorite Jewish Deli in all of Philly, Famous 4th Street. It's classic and so are these cookies. They're dense, chewy and rather large and in charge. If you've eaten at the restaurant over on Bainbridge, you have been lucky enough to have been handed one of these after your meal. You probably also at that very moment fell in love with them. 

I grew up on these cookies and they are probably up there with my favorite I've ever had. My go-to has always been chocolate chip walnut although trying classic chocolate chip is a good idea too. They also offer oatmeal raisin (which my kids love), chocolate M&M, white macadamia, chocolate macadamia, pb chocolate chip and chocolate oatmeal walnut. They do offer a bunch of other non chocolate cookies, but to me that's just a waste of calories and not worthy of a mention. Go big or go home here. Chocolate is where it's at. 

They're $2.00 each, $3.00 for chocolate dipped. 
Say what?! 
They make lovely party trays which are sure to be a hit! 

If you arrive before 11am and purchase 3 or more, you receive a 4th FREE! 

10%off to jurors with badge. 
4.5 Stars.
Not sure how famous Famous 4th Street Cookie really is, but I can say for sure that their double chocolate chip cookies are quite the treat, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, especially fresh. They're a good size, easily sharable with a friend.

If you take them home, they'll keep for a few days; microwave them and don't forget to pour a tall glass of milk.

Find them in the Reading Terminal Market.
The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company is located at Reading Terminal Market. It's just one of many places to stop by to grab a bite. I stopped by Reading Terminal Market to run a few errands around 5:20pm one day and was so surprised that they were selling cookies at $1.00 each! ONE DOLLAR for a delicious cookie, count me in! These cookies usually run at $2.00 a piece but because the entire market closes at 6:00pm, these $1.00 cookies run toward the end of the day. Of course, due to it being the end of a day, there aren't as many options that you would normally have if you were going earlier, but I was able to grab a $1.00 White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookie.

The cookie: delicious, soft and tasty. I took a few bites and didn't eat the entire cookie as I was going to eat dinner right after running errands. I put the rest in the refrigerator to eat the following day. Not thinking it was going to still be soft, it surprisingly was! Check this place out if you are in town!
I think everyone in Philly knows about Famous 4th Street Cookie Company in the popular and beloved Reading Terminal Market.  When you are a kid you beg your Mom to stop by this stand to pick up a few treats that are so tempting they never make it all the way home - you eat them right away!  Well Famous 4th Street Cookies are still as popular today as ever. Great cookies aren't inexpensive and these run about two bucks a cookie - much costlier than a nearby Beiler's doughnut. But still there are times when a tasty cookie is called for. My recommendation is the white chocolate cranberry or the white chocolate macadamia nut.  Hey and don't leave any crumbs behind!
PANCREAS - What are you doing, Brad?
BRAD - I'm about to purchase a chocolate-dipped chocolate chip cookie from Famous 4th St Cookie Co.
PANCREAS - Why do you hate me?
BRAD - I don't.  Why would you say something like that?
PANCREAS - Clearly, you do.  You have no idea how much insulin I'm going to have to produce to hav-
BRAD - Shut up.  Just shut up for just one second.  You never let me have fun.  You just sit there with gall bladder and duodenum and whine about how the decisions I make affect you guys.  When do I get something I like, huh?  These cookies are awesome.  They are freaking awesome and it is YOUR JOB to take care of the fallout.
PANCREAS - I hate you.  I will make you diabetic one day.
BRAD - Bring it on, you bastard.
When you're a tourist, everything at Reading Terminal has a certain amount of fame. You can walk around discombobulated, lost, and confused at what to eat. You will want to eat EVERYTHING!

The thing I like about The Famous 4th Street Cookie is that if you go early in the morning (10 AM), the cookies are fresh out of the oven, nice and warm. They have that chewy, gooey, sweet taste and really, you don't have to eat it then and there on the spot. I took three to go and chipped away at it over two days. They were excellent through the very last bite.

Cookies are sold at $10 per pound. My three cookies cost about $5 and were worth every dollar. They were richer than Mrs. Fields (we're talking loads of butter here) and less raw than Levain in NYC. I picked chocolate chip with pecans, oatmeal raisin, and peanut butter. I think the lady messed up because my chocolate chip had no pecans in it. It's alright, I will go back! Every cookie had a distinct taste and richness. I can't even say which one was my favorite but the chocolate chip ranked high. 

Famous 4th Street Cookie is a must when in Philly. I stand by their buttery goodness and am amazed that there were no grease stains leaking through the bag. Hmmmm.
I stopped by on my visit to RTM last weekend to try the famous chocolate ganache dipped chocolate chip cookie.  It was about 4pm on a Sat. when I stopped by, but I didn't encounter any trouble getting one--in fact, unlike other vendors I visited, there wasn't a line at all.

When I received the cookie, I saw that one entire face was dipped in chocolate, rather than one half or side, as I'd envisioned (see photo).  When I bit into it, the cookie was on the softer side, but it didn't crumble, and it had more chocolate chips than an average chocolate chip cookie.  The chocolate ganache dip was firm, as I expected, and helped hold the cookie together.  If you like chocolate, you'll love the flavor of this cookie, since it's very chocolatey, due to the ganache and the extra chocolate chips!

While the cookie was quite yummy, I felt that the normal price of $4 was a bit steep.  Had I read the other reviews, I would have known that I could have waited half an hour and gotten them at a discounted rate, since they sell out their stock 30 min. prior to closing.  Also, I would have asked for a cookie that was fresh out of the oven and warm (if any), since I understand they're best that way.  Nevertheless, I'm glad I tried this unique Philly treat, since it was still delicious and gave me a great idea for what to do with chocolate ganache icing left over from cake baking!
*Update* I ended up throwing 4 out of 6 cookies away the day after we bought them. They were horrible. It's hard to mess up a cookie but this place sure did. 

I might be one of the few people who do not like these cookies. My husband said the same thing. 

The outer part of the cookie is extremely hard, while the inside is fluffy. I don't like fluffy cookies. It almost tasted like yellow cake. They were missing sugar or it had too much flour. I'm not really sure.. I don't bake. 

I prefer Subway cookies over these cookies. 

I tried a couple different type of cookies and I thought they all tasted the same. Bland.
Everyone needs these cookies in their life.

Located inside the Reading Terminal, this place is offering up some delicious freshly baked cookies. Some of the cookies they offer are chocolate chip, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin, sugar, white chocolate macadamia, butter almond, chocolate pecan, snickerdoodle, rainbow m & m, cinnamon raisin walnut, etc. We tried a few types and they were all our favorites. These cookies are soft, not overly sweet, moist, and had a lovely chew. The size of one cookie is enough for 2 people to share. They are definitely generous with their portions. The employee who helped us was super friendly and quick.

Highly recommend a visit to The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company if you're here.
It was my intention to get a cookie here after eating at the diner across the way. Glad I had time to observe. Of the 5 employees working, one was baking cookies and the other 4 were on their phones instead of providing quality service (see pic). One girl was eating Cheetos and had just sucked her fingers before serving a customer. Ugh! Another had been twisting her hair before manning the counter for a customer. Unsanitary! Who knows what's mixed in these cookies--or served with them.
Hahahaha.

That's pretty much my reaction when anyone offers me a cookie. I don't like chocolate, and I don't usually like cookies. In fact, I find them to be too hard, too sweet, too soft, too ... anyway, there isn't usually a cookie that I can subscribe to because I don't like any of them.

Then I met 4th Street Cookie Company. 

The Almond Butter cookie ... changed my life. Seriously, its like crack. I think I ate two upon the first try ... and these cookies are probably like 600 calories each! I swear there's like a stick of butter in each of them. Goodness.

I have, since then, asked friends, and folks who have passed by Philly to get these crack cookies. Sigh! Definitely buy some, and when you do ... call me ... so I can get in on that!
It's a shame- Up until this past weekend, I was a huge fan of this place- I couldn't walk by without getting a delicious warm cookie or cookies as it's always hard to chose which one I wanted. Unfortunately, this weekend as I waited in line anxiously  to be served- the rude, ignorant woman working the counter gave me reason to walk away. Yes, it was a busy Saturday in at the terminal, packed with tourists making their rounds but that's no excuse.  The woman asked if she could help someone- we called out, yes as we were clearly waiting there the longest and instead of giving us a smile and asking what we would like- she walked away to the other side, losing eye contact with us as if she was going to help someone else- so when we said something again she rudely goes " yeah, I'm listening"- without even looking at us- and it wasn't as if she was multi tasking putting cookies on the rack or grabbing something- she was just standing there plain rude. So I had no choice but to walk away. My business was better served at Flying Monkey were I got a delicious toffee almond bar in instead. It takes a lot for me to muster up a bad review on here but one thing I can't torerate is bad customer service. Suck it up and let me know you want my business!
I was so unbelievably underwhelmed by the cookies at this place. I stopped by to pick up some cookies on my last day in Philly to bring home for the fam. I'm embarrassed that I did because they were so disappointing. 

I got a few - sugar, snickerdoodle, oatmeal raisin, and white chocolate Mac nut. The sugar and snickerdoodle was hard as a rock. The oatmeal raisin was so oily and greasy that it was like eating a piece of lard. None of it was good or worth money I paid. 

Seriously, go to the little place on the other end of the market that sells Amish/Philly souvenirs. Their cookies are phenomenal compared to the ones here - I had the oatmeal raisin and snickerdoodle there and they were even good the next day - not oily or hard at all. Closing sale $1 per cookie!
COOKIES!!!!! holy cow theirs are good.

The taste definitely reminded me of Mrs. Fields, but BETTER of course! ;)

In my first trip up to the counter, I purchased one of their chocolate macadamia nut cookies....and after we completely devoured that we knew we wanted more.

Right as I was walking back up to the cookie stand, the lady behind the counter announced that all cookies were now $1 because it was less than 1 hour till close :o YES.

I quickened my stride and bought a double chocolate chip cookie and an oatmeal raisin. Man, if I thought the chocolate macadamia nut was incredible, I don't know what adjective to give these! They were so insanely good!!!

All the cookies were so chewy, flavorful, fresh, and just OMG good. I crave them all the time now and am saddened by the fact that this place is pretty much 700 miles away from me :'(
i hate to give less than three stars, but...i take cookies *really* seriously. and if you are obsessed with cookies, and looking not to be led astray, it is important for you to know that the famous 4th street deli isn't necessarily the best option in the city. above them, i would (easily) rank the following establishments. in no particular order:
- whole foods bakery
-chocolate chip cookies from cosi
- the lady in reading terminal market who makes apricot almond cookies (by the wine store, to the left of the public tables)

the famous 4th street deli cookies are  thick and heavy, almost sludgy. and they are tooo expensive. too much talk, not enough walk.
Solidly good cookies. They are always warm and gooey so that's pretty much aces when you think about what you want in a sweet decadent snack. I'm fairly certain that each cookie contains it's own stick of butter but since I'm rarely at Reading Terminal I'm allowed to splurge a bit and take advantage of the great cookies. The price is a little steep for a cookie but not really when you consider how dense and wonderful they are.
I purchased a cookie after hanging at another establishment near by. It smelled good and they looked so good. After a 15 minute to half hour of time next to the booth I had to have one. 
I had a simple chocolate chip with Walnut. There were several varieties of cookies available to order. 
The cookie was thick, slightly crisp. It had ample chocolate chips. But, I was never aware of the walnuts. I did not complain, it was still good. The chocolate was ample in the cookie, not a single bite without multiple chips.
I knew I was headed in the right direction of The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company because I could smell the cookies as I approached the stall.  Although there was no line when I went, the lady behind the counter seemed a little impatient as I decided which cookie to get.  Finally decided on the double chocolate chip and chocolate chip with walnuts.  These cookies are denser and pricier than I'm used to.  If I remember correctly, they were $12/lb, so 2 cookies were just under $6.  

Although dense, these cookies were crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Loved the chocolate chips that were used and I could taste hints of vanilla in the double chocolate chip cookie.  I'm definitely a fan of these cookies.  They are worth the price and live up to the hype IMO.  I wish I bought more than two!
When they're hot - they're HOT - and sooooooo delectable when fresh out of the oven.  these pricey, large, thick, butter-laden cookies scream with flavor and taste sublime.  Oh, my hips!!!!
Melt in your mouth awesomeness!! I never thought a cookie would have such an impact on my life... and I'm not being melodramatic about this one. On my visit to Reading Terminal, all my Philly friends recommended that I grab a few cookies from 4th Street Cookie Company (knowing my addiction to sweets). So how could I resist? Walked up to the counter and ordered myself 4 cookies: 1 chocolate chunk, 1 oatmeal raisin, 1 white chocolate macadamia, 1 oatmeal chocolate chip. EVERYTHING. WAS. SPECTACULAR!! 

Here's why: 
-Cookies were perfectly warm and held together (often cookies fall apart when still hot)
-The chocolate was still ooey gooey
-The size of the cookie was perfect
-Not too sweet, and just the right amount of butter

And to top that off, the workers were sweet and charming. Can't wait to get my hands on these cookies on my return to the city.
4th St. cookies are like morsels of heaven (especially when just out of the oven). Those who like their cookies filled to the brim will enjoy these more than the cookie purist who wants to be able to taste the dough...as 4th St.'s cookies are maxed out with chocolate chips, nuts, or whatever other ingredients are inside. A must for chocolate lovers since the chocolate chip cookie has more chocolate than cookie.

Final thoughts...
4th St. Cookies are huge, indulgent, and expensive (more than $1 each), but boy are they good.
I would say this is the best cookie place that I have ever been too. I live in Arizona and I might have to travel back just to taste these cookies again. The cookie I had was the chocolate dipped peanut butter cookie. The cookie selection was a very large amount with a good variety. The cookies were a very reasonable price of 2 dollars. I noticed all the cookies were soft and just dissolved in your mouth. This place also sells milk which wants me to give this place 6/5 stars if I could. Milk goes perfectly with these cookies. If you are ever in the area give this place a try. Even if you are a far distance away, drive here and give this place a try.
$2, TWO U.S. AMERICAN DOLLARS for a COOKIE!  Now, I'm no cookie monster by any means, I'd even spend $3 or $4 for a quality cookie.  But here's my catch, the cookie needs to be BIG.  4th Street cookies are just regular sized cookies.  Maybe this cookie will taste heavenly and be super fresh.  Nah. It didn't happen.  My Butter Almond Cookie was sitting around a while.   Now a fresh, warm, cookie will bring out that buttery, melty delectableness that makes me see rainbows of flavors. Instead, I just got a crunchy and too sweet cookie that I'd expect from a package of Nabisco.  And I don't even mean to knock Nabisco, it's just that 4th Street strikes me as selling something that I guess they don't sell.  No, 4th Street does not sell cookie dreams.  Shame on me for having great expectations.
Man,  I really wish I had gotten to try these warm.  Maybe, I would have appreciated them more.  I tried a bunch of different flavors, they all tasted similar.  The best thing we tried was the black and white.  4th Street's B&W iteration was FANTASTIC.  This was probably the best black and white I've ever had--though it wasn't what I would call a traditional B&W.  It was basically a sugar cookie with chocolate and vanilla ganache; nonetheless it was EXCELLENT.  I'd go back just for this.
Cookies, cookies, cookies!!  I've been a cookie fan from day one - they're by far my favorite snack item.  And 4th Street Cookie Co does not disappoint.  These cookies are packed with flavor and are gigantic.  Every bite contains a mouthful of elements - chocolate chips, nuts, toffees, almonds, etc - and those elements are married with an exquisite blend of spices, flavoring, and butter!  Oh they're so heavenly!  The only drawback, they are pricey...  But well worth it!
$2 for ONE COOKIE or pay for your cookies by the pound! ($12 per pound)

a great dessert option for your meal in the Reading Terminal Market
---chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie: it didn't look all that great.. BUT when i got a piece of it.. MMmm the chocolate was still MELTING & the cookie had a nice buttery crunch on the outside with a bit of chew inside!

i would've taken some back to NYC with me but after such a gluttonous weekend i had to restrain!

NOTE: we weren't here late, but i HEARD if you go before closing, cookies are just $1
Fresh, hot, chewy, moist, rich cookies.

That's all you need to know to stop by here on the way in and again on the way out of Reading Terminal Market to get some incredibly good cookies.


Just in case that didn't convince you, I'll add a few more details:
- there are a ton of great flavors, including Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut, White Chocolate Macadamia, etc.
- there are often FRESH, hot cookies being made - ask which ones were just baked and get those. No matter what the flavor is, they will be excellent.
- the cookies are soft, chewy and incredibly delicious. This is one of the best choices for dessert in the whole market, so make sure you stop by.
My 1200th Yelp Review!!

How have I not written a review for this place!  It's my favorite cookie bakery in the world!!  I was reminded of the place by one of my Yelp friends.  Since reading her review, I've been craving some yummy goodness from the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company.   I have got to try those butter almond cookies that she highly recommends.

Philadelphia is the home of a few of my favorite food places.  I Love coming to Philly for that reason!  This delicious cookie destination is located inside Reading Terminal Market.  Their spot here is worth searching for!  

The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company makes the best cookies that I have ever had (that were not homemade).  The last time that I had their cookies was about two years ago.  One of our friends was visiting Philly, and we asked them to bring back some cookies for us.  They obliged, and the cookies did not disappoint!  Even though they were already over three days old by the time we received them, those cookies still tasted amazing!!

My favorite cookies are the following:  

White Chocolate Macadamia Nut
Chocolate Pecan
Chocolate Chip
Chocolate Chip with Walnuts

They are not the cheapest cookies, but they are so worth the price!  I checked their website, and I found out that I can order these cookies online!  Woohoo!  I just may have to do that, but first I'm going to hit the gym!
I was expecting a typical cookie that's been made hours ago and is semi hard on the outside but was so glad that I was wrong!
We got the black and white cookie and the white choclate macadamia and both were perfect. The cookies taste like they were just baked and are soft, chewy and doughy throughout. My kinda cookie!
I bought the dough in a tub for $10. There are 16 cookie dough already rounded so you just put it in the oven. It comes with instructions.

The result is the smaller size of the cookies sold on the store. In my opinion they are crunchier than the store version. Still delicious especially when they just came out from the oven.Highly recommend.
First and foremost, I am not a cookie snob.

I came here after reading about it. Bought 9 cookies in 3 days and tried them with my bf. It's certainly a huge cookie, kinda too thick. I usually prefer a crisper exterior but I enjoyed these cake-like consistency cookies anyways. I really liked the oatmeal raisin cookie.

The cookies are discounted at the end of the day, $1 each. During the day, the cookies are sold by the pound at $11.99/lb. At $11.99/lb for a cookie, it's too steep for me but I waited for the end of the day. The cookies are very fresh. And lasted for a few days! I still have some cookies leftover from the trip that are still just as yummy.
I thought I would give them another  try. 
We went by again this past  weekend. The cookies were more like cake. I had oatmeal raisin and my husband had chocolate chip. We had  them at the Terminal so it could not be that they were old. They just were not that good!  I make better at home! Service was pleasant but that's about it! I know I will get a lot of funny clicks but maybe I am just spoiled by my own baking!
Cookies look good but I agree with the other reviews citing poor service. I was in the middle of ordering a dozen cookies here (about $25 worth) during my first visit and ended up walking away because the woman behind the counter was so rude. Sorry to inconvenience you by patronizing your business...
yeah...these are pretty much perfect cookies in my opinion
while they are a little on the pricey side, i dont even flinch when i am drawn to having one

the only down side to them is their addictive nature and convincing myself NOT to get one
if youve had one, you know what i mean
if you havent had one, do yourself a favor and try em
I'm pretty sure these cookies started out as an inedible mess from your child's home-ec project. In the next life, perhaps they became a Chips Ahoy! cookie, then maybe one from Pepperidge Farm-- born over and over again, suffering through a thousand cookie lifetimes before they ultimately became a Famous 4th Street Cookie Co. Cookie... and reached COOKIE NIRVANA.

Everything about these cookies is flawless.
I've tried Chocolate Chip Pecan, Chocolate Chip Walnut, Cinnamon Oatmeal Raisin, Regular Oatmeal Raisin & Snickerdoodle. (Do NOT worry. I will eventually try the rest.)

SIZE: The cookies are quite large and thick, but it works. Keep reading to find out why.

TEXTURE: The size allows the cookies to be BOTH hard & crunchy on the outside, AND soft & chewy on the inside. Surely it is able to satisfy people on both sides of the "Hard vs. Soft" cookie schools of thought.

PROPORTION: The size also provides room for the cookies to have lots of add-ins (chocolate chips, nuts, raisins, magic, etc.) without ruining the overall balance.

PRICE: They're normally $2 each, but get there an hour before they close and they're $1! Be aggressive though, because it'll quickly turn into a mob scene and all the cookies will be gone if you don't grow some balls.

TASTE: BOOOOOOM! Sweet, but not sugary. Rich, but not heavy. All of the flavors from each of the ingredients really shine through.

Good thing I don't live in Philadelphia so I can't be tempted.
At the same time... good thing I can still order their cookies online!
The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company at Reading Terminal Market is going to give you a big problem to face:

WHAT cookie(S) should you try? They all look so amazing. I saw multiple people in front of me start by buying a half dozen and quickly realize they wanted/needed more cookies. 

Since I had already purchased some other sweets from another booth, I only tried one of their delicious selection: A chocolate chip and macadamia nut cookie. I have never tried this combination before, as macadamia nuts are usually relegated to the white chocolate chips. This cookie was truly great. It was a bit more "done" than I like my cookies as I tend to like chewier cookies, but the flavors were amazing. 

I went back the next day and brought another one home for my partner as a gift. Also, most of their selection is $2 plus deals for larger combos. 

So go get a great cookie and treat yourself on your visit! You can see why they would be "famous." SO yum!
Snagged a half dozen of these right from the Reading Terminal Market.  Amazing cookies. Fresh, chewy, yet crispy on the edges. The flavors were spot on. 
We split and sampled the following:
Chocolate chip, double chocolate was so chocolatey and had a nice cocoa flavor to it. M&M and the chocolate chip with peanut butter was more on the chocolate side but outstanding. (Would have liked more PB)
These cookies are chewy, buttery and heavenly. Addictive for sure!
I go out of my way to grab a cookie here when I am in Downtown Philly - if you are a cookie lover, you should do the same. OMG, these cookies were the death of me when I was staying across the street. I mean that in a good way. They are not cheap but they are worth your money as they are pretty sizable and they have great flavor combos.

I introduced some of my co-workers to their black and white cookie and they, too, were hooked. The texture of these are solid on the outside and then almost a cakelike interior. Makes for excellent dipping in milk :)

Pro-tip: cookies aren't usually ready right when the market opens and they do sell out before the market closes, so plan to stop by between 10am-2pm for maximum selection.
The folks here were REALLY cool.  We happened to swing by apparently during their last hour of business that day so we enjoyed the $1 cookies.  I'm not sure if that's a daily thing, but it was really cool to get a nice sampling of $1 cookies.  I LOVED the macadamia chocolate-chip.  

Having had Insomnia cookies before, I can say, these easily beat them.

The gentleman behind the counter was super nice.

Can't go wrong... especially at that discounted price!  We had intended on returning before we left, but got pressed for time. 

Next time!!
Visiting my daughter in Philadelphia, she recommended the Reading Terminal Market for shopping & eating and she said I must try this cookie place and I was definitely interested. 

We had already had dim sum today and Chinese are not noted for their desserts. There was a line but they moved so quickly that the wait wasn't long at all. The market was so crowded too. 

I ordered 6 cookies for $10 or it was $2.00 each. Either way it is so worth it. They are constantly making cookies and my chocolate chip cookie was still warm and gooey just like I like them. I then tried their new toffee pecan cookie and it was simply delicious! I haven't attacked the white chocolate with macadamias nuts but it looks fab.  I did have to have the black and white and it is the same basic cookie dough of the others so it was good but traditionally it is cake-like, the white frosting was the best I've ever had though and the chocolate chips were definitely a cut above traditional chips from a grocery store and better than a  Ghiradelli and more like a Belgian chocolate. They serve milk but I was in the mood for hot chocolate so come back to the hotel for Swiss.
Was in reading terminal this weekend and walked past 4th street cookies. I remarked to my friend that even though the cookies look good they're not so hot. But then I saw a blue and white cookie (style of a black and white cookie) and had to have it for novas ncaa win.

I assumed the blue was chocolate and the white vanilla, but when I bit into it both tasted just like pure sugar icing. The cookie was dry and bland. This cost $3.50 and I didn't even finish it.

My other qualm is they sell cookies by weight. They are all almost the same size... just charge one price per cookie. I wish I just followed my own original advice, this place isn't good. If you're in RTM you're better off going to termini bros, flying monkey, or any of the Amish shops if you have a hankering for something sweet.
Unfortunately these cookies were not good. I ordered the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip, both were very disappointing. I was hoping for a soft interior but the cookies were hard and you could tell it was way over baked. Not worth your money or time.
We tried the chocolate chips cookies and to be honest, they were just average.
Pretty much as good as cookies get. Huge, chewy and chock full of delicious goodness. I bought a trio for myself: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip + Chocolate Chip with Walnuts. While they were all amazing, my heart lies with the Peanut Butter one. True story: I just can't get enough of PB. If you're in Reading Terminal Market, definitely stop by and get some of these bad boys!
Dollar cookies! Friendly service and soft, chewy, delicious cookies for a dollar each near closing time - can't be beat! Their oatmeal raisin is soft, not too sweet, and filling - great for a treat but not the best for your New Year's resolution.
I ordered a chocolate chip oatmeal walnut cookie. It was very dry and neither crispy nor chewy. Almost this weird fluffy cake texture that was bone dry. The flavor was strange too. It had spices in it (cinnamon?) that aren't typical to a chocolate chip cookie. I had a couple bites and threw the rest away.
COOKIES ARE AMAZING HERE!! Yes, insomnia have good ones- but these are larger and just beats them!

Chocolate Chip Macademia Nut & Peanutbutter choco chip were the ones I tried and both were out of this world. Sadly, they became a little cold once i reached home, but I'm sure couple seconds in the  microwave would make them good as new again! $2 per cookie.

Will probably get a cookie each time I visit!
After Purchasing 6 Cookies at $10.00, I Must Admit That After Years of Not Buying Cookies from The Shop in The Reading Terminal  I Will Not Purchase From There Again. Half Assed Service(Like it was Naptime at 11:00am) and the Oatmeal Raisin Cookies Were Burnt and Just Nasty!! The Chocolate Chips Were a Little Better  but Overall Super Disappointed!! If These People are to Be Comparable to The 4th Street (Deli) Famous Cookies at 4th & Bainbridge...They Need to Go Back to the Drawing Board or Hire People Who Can Make Cookies They Would Eat and Be Proud to Sell!! Very Dissatisfied!!
So I had two cookies from here, they put a dent in my pocket and with the bit of the first cookie I was regretting it.  I had heard rave reviews about the chocolate chip cookies, so I got one, but I also go the white chocolate chip cookie because it peaked my interest. Eh, that's my feeling on the white chocolate chip.. I felt a pang of regret with that bite.. I put it to the side and went for the chocolate chip.. Holy Mother of Warmth and Ooey Goey Goodness.. OMG talk about perfection.  Like to the point where I wanted to go back to the counter and return the other to get more.. That chocolate chip cookie might very well be the best, I've ever tasted.  There is nothing else to say but Go Get A Chocolate Chip Cookie.. Now... don't be fancy, just keep it basic, you wont regret it.  5 stars for the chocolate chip cookie!!
On our city food tour, this was our first dessert. Everyone got a smaller chocolate chip cookie made with real Hershey's chocolate and I guess people like that. As a chocolate avoider, I was very thankful to get a regular sized sugar cookie instead. 

My goodness, it was so well made. 

First of all, it was thick. There was a tiny bit of crunch on the outside, but the vast majority of it was soft and chewy. And the other thing that I really liked was that the cookie didn't crumble as I continued to eat it. It held together well, which made the experience that much better. Definitely an impressive cookie, one of the best sugar varieties I've ever tasted. Next time... oatmeal raisin.
I must have walked by this shop five times during my visit to Philly. By the end of my vacation, I couldn't resist leaving without buying a bag for the road. I mean, they're famous after all, amirite?

Well the cookies are really good, obviously.  Freshly baked & they smelled sooo good. I liked the flavor choices -- White Chocolate Macadamia, Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and my personal favorite, Oatmeal Raisin. (You pay by weight, not by cookie.) I think I picked up one of each kind, plus an extra Oatmeal Raisin for myself.

It turns out that these famous cookies are not exactly my fave -- I like a little burnt crunch to the ends and bottom, & these were just soft overall. I think my fiance enjoyed his chocolate chip more than I enjoyed the oatmeal raisin. I wasn't that excited after the fact about my embarrassingly large bag of cookies ... but luckily, my family ate the rest when I got home.

The cookies were too soft for my tastes, but you might love them! Definitely worth a try when you're at the Reading Terminal Market.
Not sure what the big deal was. The cookies were over baked. I didn't find anything really special about it.
I only tried the Chocolate Oatmeal Walnut and the Snickerdoodle and they were both incredible! $2 for a cookie was reasonable - especially for good sized cookies! Good thing I don't live nearby, otherwise I'd be eating these daily!
Walked past the cookies today.  Note to the Owner: There is a sign hung up for customers to read. It say, as was written, "No Tiping Please".  The woman who work there kind of gruff, so I didn't mention it.  It's a personal peeve to see misspelled signage on businesses.  Cookies are good, but really expensive.
Expensive! How can cookies cost almost as much as cupcakes? I bought 2 cookies - white choco macadamia and dipped choco chip, which cost almost $5. Ridic. I thought the dipped cookie would be mindblowingly good but it was incredibly sweet and just not worth it. It probably is really heavy too and tips the scale. I enjoyed the white choco macadamia. Apparently on Fridays at a certain time they are on sale, so I'd only come back for that.
Now I wouldn't say I'm a cookie expert... I'd say I'm a cookie specialist. And my specialty happens to be the Black and White. So it is very sad for me to report that the aforementioned cookie from 4th street is NOT up to par. 

Let me expand on the topic a bit: A true black and white cookie is soft, almost cake like. It is dipped in two different sides of icing. The chocolate side should be soft, but not melted. It should be just a slightly tacky to the touch, but shouldn't stick to your fingers. The white side should not be tacky. It should be firm without being crunchy or hard. 

Now here is where 4th street went wrong: They gave me a sugar cookie (first mistake) dipped in chocolate icing that was too firm (second mistake). The white side of the cookie was correct, but the underlying foundation (ie, the cookie itself) was not correct and ruined the experience. The incorrect chocolate consistency was the icing on the cake of this failed experiment. Pun intended.

If you want a good black and white cookie go to the famous 4th street deli on Bainbridge. That thing is ridiculous.
OK so I have two experiences with this place

1st experience was on my recent trip to Philly. I bought roughly $18 worth of cookies since they go by weight. I don't remember exactly how many cookies there were in total but I want to say at least 10 maybe 12 max which is not so bad. I don't remember all the ones I got probably because they were not that memorable but definitely chocolate chip, sugar and chocolate chip with walnuts. The chocolate chips with walnuts was my favorite for sure but I am biased because I love walnuts! So when I got the cookies, I got them packed in a box because I was coming home that day so I never had one fresh while i was there. Now I don't know if they were still warm when they were put in the box or whether they warm them up for you if you have one there but these cookies are only good when they are cold (which is how I had my first bite) but they are amazing warmed up! (After my first bite I put my cookie in the toaster oven) Just based on my first experience I would give this place 4 stars only because your not always able to warm up that cookie. 

Now my 2nd experience is why this place gets 5 stars and why I think this is an awesome company. I had a box of 12 cookies delivered to a friend of mine, selecting 2nd day delivery because I'm cheap and next day delivery would of costed as much as the cookies! Now I just happened to be on the phone with my friend when the package was delivered and she was like what the hell did you send me because opening it up was such a process. So apparently the cookies are packed into a box with tons of bubble wrap taped closed and then put into another box with more bubble wrap and taped shut like a fortress and then placed in a plastic bag! The packaging impressed me alone! Then my friend sent me a picture taken from her phone (which is the one I posted) and the cookies looked so soft and fresh I could taste it! My friend loved the cookies and said they were still so soft. The message I sent along with the cookies was also hand written which gave it that personal touch!  Needless to say if I ever send anyone cookies it will definitely be from here!
Always wondered why my daughter asked to get her a cookie everytime we went to the reading terminal but now I know! Tried a piece of hers today and fell in love

She got the chocolate chip cookie real plain Jane but they are decent sized and soft with alittle but of crunch it's perfect

Also there's a selection of a bunch of different kinds of cookies that also looked great they alsooooo have chocolate dipped cookies!!!

Try it out if your around the way!
I am definitely not a chocolate chip cookie person but after caving in for a bite (looked good), I ended up devouring a WHOLE cookie myself. And these are pretty big! There was plenty of chocolate and the cookies were nice and chewy on the inside with a perfect amount of crunch, mainly on the outer rim. If I had any self control when it comes to sweets, I'd definitely go back and get a couple for later this week (heading to NYC next), but because I don't, I have to pass and be glad I live on the west coast. I'd be in trouble with my scale!!!
These cookies are delicious, but pretty expensive.  I loved the chocolate chip pecan ones.  They're sold by the pound, but you can still buy just one at a time.
Warm chocolate chip with macadamia nut. Five stars. Plain chocolate chip. Five stars.  Snickerdoodle. Five stars.
I can pay with level up without a problem.  The counter can be busy, so make eye contact and tell the lady what you want.  There should be no reason for anything but efficient customer service.  Cookies are sold by weight.
Every time I visit Philadelphia I end up wandering into the Reading Terminal Market and stumbling onto this little bakery. 

The cookies in this shop rival that of no other.  I always go to places and complain that I could "make this myself but better", but no, not this time. Their range of cookies here is moderate but every cookie is worth trying. They're all warm, moist, chewy, doughy, with crisp edges.  The cookies are so dense they're a meal in of themselves.
The customer service is outstanding. The owner reached me to resolve chocolate chip cookie day pricing issue.

The double chocolate chip cookies are my second favorite after the traditional chocolate chip cookies. It's crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. They are generous in filling the cookies with chocolate chip but the cookie itself it's not overly sweet so overall it's perfect sweetness.
Cookies are weighed by the pound, you'll usually end up paying close to $2 for just one. But damn they are SO SO GOOD. Best to get them fresh out of the oven!
No finer cookie can be found!  The smells emanating from the stand are a friggin' tractor-beam that only the strongest willed non-humans can possibly resist!

Yeah the prices are a bit high, but I choose to view that as a good thing:  keeps one from over-indulging!  I think I've had every one of their "core" varieties at this point, but my latest fave is the white chocolate/macadamia.  Completely insane!
I really don't get the hype over this place. The cookies are just okay. What I have consistently noticed are the cookies are just short of burnt.  The chocolate chip cookies are over baked, hard and burnt
this place is going to give me a heart attack. shit, i can smell the butter from outside. it is so good. soo good. soooo gooood. 

oatmeal raisin is the shit. so is the toffee cookie. I can't go to RTM without stopping here. I tried more than once and failed every time.
There are a million different types of cookies and everyone likes their cookies a certain way, so judging them is extremely subjective. That being said, I like my cookies to be soft but not too soft, firm but not too firm, sweet but not too sweet. Got all that? Good.

These cookies are 5 stars for my taste buds. I especially like the peanut butter, the macadamia nut, and the oatmeal cookies. If you're in Reading Terminal Market and you like cookies, you're at the right place.
I would like to try them again. I make some of the best chocolate chip cookies I have been told and use them to barter. So I did not even try those. I got an assortment  of almost all of them except the Snicker doodle. We brought the chocolate chip cookies to someone who is  a chocolate addict. He has all of these weird requirements that are not based on anything. The requirements are it HAS to be like this or that and that is not based on anything just something he made up in his head. He claims my cookies are better than these. He says these chocolate chip cookies are dry and hard. We brought them from Philly to NY so maybe they got stale on the drive?
 Anyway so as to the other cookies I have a thing for peanut butter. The peanut butter cookies were not peanuty enough for me. The rest of the cookies all seemed to taste similar maybe because I ate so many they all tasted the same after a while. They were good but my disappointment was with the peanut butter and from there I guess I was already disappointed. I would like to go back and try them without trying the peanut butter so I can focus on the taste of the other cookies. I have Yelp friends who reviewed it  who say they are great so they must be I just had a certain expectation for the peanut butter cookies.
Great cookies! They are soft and chewy and definitely freshly baked. They have a decent variety and the cookies are fairly large. They are, however, a little pricey at $2 each. It seems a bit high when you consider Beiler's donuts are only $1.15 each. But, considering the size and the taste they are worth $2 on occasion.
Best cookies in the city!!  While the chocolate chip is phenomenal, I got a full-size chocolate chip with peanut butter and it was incredible; just like eating Reese's cups melted into a cookie!  I'm eager to try their other selections, including the black and white, especially since it's a chocolate chip cookie underneath :)
perfect for when you're looking for a dense, heavy, and rich cookie to indulge in. seriously the best chocolate chip and peanutbutter chocolate chip cookie I've ever had... though only slightly more tasty than the ones i bake, of course. a cookie from the famous 4th street cookie company is exactly what you imagine eating when you're really craving a cookie treat. 

they're a little pricey, but that's to be expected when they're "famous" and there's a line to get a cookie. a half-dozen cookies put me at $15... mehhh.

oh and if you're looking for a traditional black-and-white cookie, skip the one here. while it looks like the traditional cakey cookie, it's actually just a sugar cookie with black and white icing. wasn't bad, but wasn't what I was hoping for either. womp :(
This place caught my attention due to its prime location inside the Terminal. The service was friendly and welcomed (after the less than stellar service I had received at other places in the marketplace). The cookies were soft and a good hearty size. They weren't the best I've ever had but certainly good. I got the black & white, snickerdoodle and chocolate chip - all solid. A worthwhile stop in an overcrowded marketplace!
These cookies are huge, they're a good mix between dense and airy, and they're really damn good.  That's what it comes down to.  

Not the best cookie I've ever had, but still damn good.  I tend to like my cookies a little smaller (better to eat several different flavors for variety), and a little more dense than what they make.  Just call it a personal taste.  

But I will never turn up my nose at a cookie from here.
A go to staple of ours when we're craving cookies, The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company is one of our favorite cookie spots in Philadelphia. We love the consistency, quality and the size of the cookies which are served up by a friendly staff in the heart of Reading Terminal Market. And while all of their cookies are fresh and tasty, this Yelp Elite writer loves their Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip cookie. Trust me, it's worth fighting off the crowds at the Market for these delicious balls of perfection!
You must try these cookies!
They are just large delicious freshly baked soft and chewy enjoyments!

The cookies are baked right on premise and are sold by the pound @ $12/lb.
So buy one or a dozen or more and hide them from your friends.

Hint: If you wait until after 4:30pm all the cookies are $1 each!
Great looking cookies but when I bit into my chocolate dipped chocolate chip cookie I was dissappointed. For a three dollar cookie I expected it to be fresh and delicious but it was dry and over cooked. I would try a different cookie next time.
I think that the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company benefits from the other goodies in Reading Market. When you're in such a celebration of fat and pleasing tastes, of course dessert will seduce you.

However, I personally have found these cookies (Chocolate Chip) to be no better than Otis Spunkmeyer or any other mall cookie. While it is a mom and pop, they trade size for unique taste. There are so many better bakeries going on in the city, and more so in the outskirt neighborhoods.

The prices for cookies here are embarrassing.

If you're like me, you'll pass on dessert here.
Cookie company? Say no more. Seriously. Just. My mouth says thank you. 

I was giving my mom a tour of Reading Terminal earlier today, and a friend suggested we stop here. My mom bought a sugar cookie. I bought a snickerdoodle, white chocolate chip and a fresh dipped chocolate chip.

They are all gone now - a few hours later. I wish I knew their recipe, as I would make them all day every day and become morbidly obese and induce advanced stage heart failure, but it would be OK, because if you're going to go out of existence, might as well be from eating too many heavenly cookies.

Or something like that. Go there, and you will understand.
It shouldn't be physically possible to make cookies this good, yet somehow, 4th Street does it. Crispy on the outside AND gooey on the inside? Rich and decadent but not too sweet? Soft and chewy even after sitting in the window for who knows how long? It amazes me, it really does.

Basically all the cookies here are the best of that kind you will ever eat. There are a lot of good varieties to choose from, but the classic chocolate chip is probably the best. Only order the chocolate-dipped if you're a fan of type II diabetes. And word to the wise, if you head here around 4:45pm as they're selling out, all cookies are only one buck! Wahoo!!
Famous 4th street cookie? It was more like your "Typical 4th street cookie". There was nothing unique about the cookie, it was just another cookie from your local store. The price point is right but again, nothing special. If you know what a cookie taste like, you do not need to try it.

Overall, excellent customer service!
The cookies are fabulous !!! The service is lacking as they don't know about their own coupons including the one posted on yelp .. But none the less these cookies are my favorite in the whole world !
When they're hot - they are just heavenly - especially the White Chunk Macadamia - but DAMN they are expensive.  (And way too caloric for me to indulge in regularly.)

If you time it right you can get a free sample - which is just a bite or two and can be just enough to prevent you from buying and eating a whole one.

The buy 3 get the 4th free is a standard "special" - so that's really not so special after all.
I stop by here on every visit to the Reading Terminal. The cookies are delicious and the best when warm
The service has improved today. The lady who served me is much nicer than my last visit.

The oatmeal chocolate chip with walnut is crispy on the outside with melty chocolate chips. You can't tell it is an oatmeal cookie, it taste like regular cookie, in a good way.
Stopped by Famous 4th St cookies this past weekend and experienced what can only be described as 'sinful'. I only tasted two of them, the Dark Chocolate with Macadamia Nuts and a Sugar cookie. 

I let the Dark Chocolate one sit in its bag after purchase for a few minutes as I left the market and the chips became very soft and oozed as I ate the delicious cookie. I didn't do this intentionally - however, next time I will repeat (and I recommend you do too). Like I previously mentioned, you almost feel guilty eating this cookie. It's ike every time you've gone to the gym for the past month was in vain just so this cookie could be consumed (thats a good thing..I think).  

I had some doubts about the sugar cookie, just from trying so many attempts at sugar cookies in my life and all of them tasting like the same average cookie. Well oh no - not average at Famous 4th Street. Their sugar cookie was a new life experience for  me, like i was blind and being given vision for the first time. I am now a fan of sugar cookies and will seek out challengers to this heavenly delight.
When you're spending around 2 bucks per cookie, you have pretty high expectations. My boyfriend and I have tried about 5 different varieties. The chocolate chip cookies and all their variations are very good - gooey and rich chocolate chips with that perfect melted consistency in crispy yet chewy cookies. Pretty good. But I think the star of the show is the oatmeal raisin.

Omg the oatmeal raisin blows all other oatmeal raisins away. Somehow they pack a lot more flavor into this cookie than other places do. I have to eat the cookie slowly so that I can spread out the deliciousness over a longer period of time. It's a MUST try even if you're usually more of a chocolate fan (as I am).
Cookies were chewy. Not too hard or soft. By 530pm or so cookies were $1 each which was a great price. Tried the sugar cookie and the white chocolate. White chocolate was better, but the sugar cookie was also good and crunchy
After DiNics, my buddy decided to get some cookies.  These things are HUGE.  They were just under $4.00 for 2 of them.  We got the original chocolate chip.  They were great!  The chocolate chips were still warm and gooey, the cookie had a slight crunch to it when you bit in and then a soft center.  Next time I go I am going to get a scoop of ice cream at Bassets and then make my own cookie sandwich......talk about heaven!
it was the sweet smell of sugar, chocolate goodness that showed me the route to the counter and yummers! rewarded after the train ride in!
I had the chocolate chip pecan and that one cookie was worth the $2. Soft, moist and delicious.
Went to the Reading Terminal in March and passed by the yummy-smelling store. A corner stall in the Reading Terminal, it's pretty easy to find. Waiting in line, we actually ended up talking to one of the owners! He was a huge history buff and kept us entertained by telling us the history of Reading Terminal. Then he went on to give us tips on places we had to go see. Very friendly.

As you're waiting in line, you're able to watch the employees make the cookies so you know they're freshly baked. Interesting how they sell the cookies by the pound though. Never saw that before. We ordered the snickerdoodle, chocolate chip macadamia nut, chocolate chip oatmeal macadamia and the peanut butter . I wanted to like the cookies more, but I've tried amazing cookies in San Francisco and these couldn't get even come close.
Kendall was right!    Thank you for fabulously friendly and kind service, superb suggestions, and an awesomely amazing TWO cookies that I ate slowly enjoying every morsel!
It would be more appropriate to call this place the "Mediocre 4th Street Cookie Co."  Enough said.
Omg the white chocolate cranberry cookie I had here was amazing. If you ever thought that the trade off for getting a chewy cookie was that it had to be dense and heavy, 4th St Cookies is here to turn that assumption over its head. The cookie was crisp enough on the outside, but the inside was soft and tender, and airy and light in a way that almost made it cake like? It's really quite an alchemy of textures and for $2, I'll have a little piece of heaven again and again.
I gained 5 pounds eating cookies here. I live in Washington, DC and ever since eating these cookies I have dreams about driving up to Philly just to stock up on these damn cookies. Holy crap these cookies are so good. 

If you come at 4pm (or an hour before whenever they close) they sell the remaining cookies for a dollar a piece. Great deal which also ensures that they NEVER EVER sell day-old cookies. They are really fantastic.
Nice cookies. Not secure I would ship off for them but nice. 

I had the snicker doodle, it was ok. I asked what the servers favorite was, and she said the chocolate macadamia, so I got one one of those too. I'm glad I did as it is really good. 

It's a little expensive as they are sold by the pound, so for me 2 cookies came to just under 4 bucks. 

The snicker doodle was not worth 2 dollars. However  I would pay that for the chocolate macadamia.
Honestly, I would cut a bitch for these cookies. They are so good it's not even funny. 

My all time favorite cookie ever. Their chocolate covered cookies... Oh... My... God. 

And this place has been around forever, for good reason! I grew up having these and I love them so so much.
What's all the fuss about?

I had a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie to satisfy my sweet tooth and the cookie was strictly average. Way too much butter, crispy all the way through, and it cost almost $2 since the place sells by the pound.

The service was friendly, but I did NOT appreciate the woman yelling into my face "COOKIES! DON'T FORGET YOUR COOKIES!" as I was paying.

But I love me the sweets, and I'll probably be back to try another.
