When contemplating a pregame spot for the Yelp 10th bash, I was glad when some good friends invited me to meet at black sheep for a number of reasons.

First it was spending time with good friends instead of drinking alone like an asshole. Second, in order to keep my elite status, I need to review things and in order to review things, I actually have to go somewhere, otherwise I'm reviewing another damn McDonalds. 

Lastly, since I never go out, eating out is a treat I relish and Black Sheep didn't disappoint. I had a happy hour Guinness and 2 of their $5 apps ( wings and cheesesteak spring rolls). Both were out of this world. I'd go so far as to say that the wings rivaled the best I've ever had. 

So mark Black Sheep as a new go to pub in Philly. They had me at $5.
With so many other options in the general vicinity, Black Sheep just doesn't excite me. The beer selection isn't very vast, and the drafts seem overpriced, even for the location.  

The juke box is awful. It's an Internet juke, so while you do have the ability to select the songs you want to hear, it will cost double the credits, which adds up. The house selection includes top 40 stuff and some outdated albums from ten years ago.  

It has been years since I've eaten at Black Sheep, which saves this review from dipping to two stars. If I were reviewing on bar alone, I'd go there, but since I understand that the kitchen is an attraction, I'll stick with three. Based on the other reviews, I feel like maybe I'm missing something and should probably give this place a chance... but it won't be an easy sell getting me back in there.
I took a bunch of yelp people here after an Elite Happy hour because I kind of like this place.  We had horrible service, from the hostess not being at the door so we had to fend for ourselves, to having horrible slow service upstairs, to the fucking disgustingly weak mixed drinks.   It's a shame because my previous experiences with this place have been ok and I like the food.  I will probably not go back unless desperate with Fado being only a couple of blocks away.
$3 for a fantastic chocolate stout on Quizzo Wednesday? Yes. Please. I don't really need to say more. But because I am me, I will.

Came here on Wednesday night with a group of friends to play trivia. We arrived at 8pm, thinking we were smart early birds. However, we soon learned that our complacency was ill-advised. A waitress informed us that avid trivia-players typically show up around 6:30 to claim tables, but that we could stand a round a high-top if we so desired. We figured that was better than nothing (and it was really really cold), so we stayed put. As it turned out, we were able to hoard a few stools and put together a nice little setup for ourselves. Soon after, we realized that the place had filled up considerably, so our timing wasn't as bad as we initially thought. So my advice is definitely to show up early, 8 at the VERY latest, if you want to sit comfortably while trivia-ing. 

The space itself is pretty standard for a pub. A good number of tables in back, three or four high-tops in front, and a handful of seats at the bar. It can get a bit tight at times, but the servers do a good job of keeping everything relatively contained. 

Can't speak much to the food here, as we just got a couple things to munch on--fries and the Mediterranean platter. Both were fine. I wasn't expecting to be wowed by either--that's pretty much as standard as it gets. Hummus? Good. Fries? Good. Can't complain. 

The drinks were a different story, though. The two specials were enough to impress me, though one was just a crappy light beer. So crappy, in fact, that it tasted like soda (it's Bud Light Lime, for anyone desperate to know). But for three bucks, I'll take it. As I mentioned, the chocolate stout was superb. Rich and flavorful, and again, only $3! Plenty of places would charge two or three times that amount. So I was very pleased with this.

Finally, I must mention the trivia. Props to whomever comes up with these questions, because they were really damn difficult. There were a few throw-aways (i.e. Alan Rickman was the answer to a Diehard question), but most of the stuff was impossible. Quite humbling, really. The music round was "90s grunge", which is possibly the most difficult genre other than jazz/classical to identify, if you've never been a fan of that music. I think I got the Pearl Jam and Nirvana songs right, but I was otherwise useless. Still, a good time was had by all. Would definitely recommend!
Not a bad bar tour spot as long as you keep the guestlist under control. No cover and reasonable prices make Jack a happy boy.

When I was last there, it was so crowded on the ground floor that we were directed upstairs, where the situation was slightly better. Decor wasn't anything to write home about, but the bathroom was bright. There was plenty of seating, but tables and chairs aren't necessarily conducive to a bar tour, but that's not Black Sheep's fault. At least they didn't have TVs where we were - none I noticed, anyways.

Thanks to everyone for kindly providing me with shots! I'll be back to try their mac and cheese.
The food and beer is all good at Black Sheep, there is no doubt about that. Whenever I'm asked where to find the best mac and cheese in the city I invariably mention Black Sheep in my top three. The Guinness stew is good, although not great but the portion size is ridiculous. The real way to my heart over the years has been the St. Patrick's Day special of corned beef and cabbage. I searched the city for it when I first moved to Philadelphia and Black Sheep has been the only consistent provider of it. Over the years the corned beef has evolved into the current gourmet version which I was disappointed by this past St. Patrick's day but it was still good. Given that they need to cater to the area I wasn't surprised by the change but just a little disappointed. The only downside I have to Black Sheep is the price of beer. The draft list is fine but the prices are a little steep. In my opinion, I shouldn't pay close to $6 for a Smithwick's regardless of the day. Aside from that I would visit Black Sheep anytime. It is a real fix when you're craving comfort food and a nice bar.
When the weather's bad, this is the perfect place to hide out with a pint of something dark and the best mac n cheese in the city. 

This is a bar's bar - dark wood, booths, darts. I like it in there. Service is dicey and New Jersey takes over on the weekends, but on a cold winter afternoon, it's perfect.
To all party planners, I don't recommend booking an event at Black Sheep pub.  After booking the second floor 5 weeks ahead of my event, the bar double-booked the space.  I learned this information 2 weeks before the date of my party, which was too late for me to find another venue for 30 people. They pushed my party downstairs into the cramped space in front of the fireplace until the other event finished.  We were told we would be in this small space for about an hour and then would be allowed upstairs to the second floor.  One hour turned to two hours.  We were finally permitted upstairs two hours after my original booking.  I was told the party before mine was spending more money and planned parties there regularly.  To reduce party planning stress, don't book your party at Black Sheep Pub. If you do decide to book a party at this establishment, I suggest checking your reservation frequently in case you also get double-booked.   

The bar did not apologize verbally for their lack of respect to my reservation.  No food or drink discount was offered for the inconvenience.  The bar sent over a free drink for me, which in my opinion was not enough of an apology for the number of people I brought to their bar.  I will not be booking another event at Black Sheep Pub.
I almost came here for quizzo a bunch of times, but I'm perpetually late.  It was so crowded by the time I got there--I decided to bail.

I was here this past week for dinner by recommendation from a friend, whom urged me to try their great burger.  

The waitress was awesome.  She seemed to be happy working there, so good.  

We ordered the tomato soup first.  It was an awesome purée, but they should probably mention by word of mouth or on the menu that it is purely half jalapeño purée.  We even inquired about it.  Mouth on fire, and far too much heat for a simple soup(in my opinion).  It could have been amazing, having a nice consistency. 

The bangers and mash looked like a plate of sludge.  Couldn't look at it.
I ordered the burger medium rare; nothing fancy.  Came out gray, rock solid, and greasy.  The meat tasted bad, too.  Really, poor quality.  I asked the waitress for a new one medium rare...at this point I'm starving. 
She politely apologized and took it away.  
About a minute later a RUDE guy with curly,mid length,dirty blonde hair basically tosses some uncooked meat onto the table with a snarl.  This was clearly in edible, and I was afraid he did something to it, for real.  I had to tell the waitress again it was now uncooked... Not just undercooked.  She was extremely apologetic, again.  She offered anything on the menu on the house.  I politely declined.  That guy came out again to give me another dirty look....weirdo.
NEVER again.  

Five stars to our sweet waitress, thank you.
The Black Sheep never disappoints me.  When I first moved to Philadelphia, I tried to eat here and sat at a table forever trying to get service.  I eventually left.  Little did I know that if you sit down stairs, that is not the real restaurant, simply the bar.  Yes, you can get food, but on a busy night you'd be better off going upstairs to the dining room (where there is also another bar and TVs to watch the game).

Upstairs the restaurant area fits in well with one's idea of what an Irish Pub/Inn would feel like.  Wood floors, soft lighting, wooden booths and tables, and small pained glass windows.  There are several large tables upstairs for groups up to (I would guess) 8 people.  There are pictures of sheep, everywhere.  Go figure.

On the subject of food, I'm always satisfied with what I order.  Every day they have a special menu of "additional" entree options.  They are always something interesting dishes (henceforth, not always Irish) for reasonable prices.  Entrees rarely break the $20 mark.  The main menu is also very good.  If I were to go just to get some dinner without wanting anything special, I would get the "Bangers and Mash" or "Guinness Beef Stew" or "Sheppard's Pie" for $10.

The desserts are fine, but nothing spectacular.  They make their own apple crisp, but have the other desserts brought in from a local bakery unlike some other local restaurants.  (See my review of "Royal Tavern".)

I will make and additional comment about their food pricing.  It appears as though the more "fancy" menu items are priced more in line with their inherent value and the more "common" items are more expensive.  Here's what I mean.  The other night there were braised pork medallions with two sides and a lemon grass salad for $14.  A burger costs $10.  It just doesn't make sense.  The burgers are great and come with cheese, caramelized onions, and fries, but the most any restaurant (outside of Barclay Prime) can charge for a burger is $8.75 in my opinion. (To me, a burger is only worth $6.75 and that should include lettuce, tomato and fries.)

My other issue is that the upstairs dining room has THREE TVs.  It is a small space and the glowing images get distracting and tiresome.  The only reason people go upstairs to watch the game is because the downstairs is too crowded.  Typically, there are about four people actually watching and everyone else is trying to look the members of their table in the eye without looking over to watch a Sierra Mist commercial.

Other than that issue, I love going to this place and will return again and again.
I really liked the layout of this place.  It was kind of like a maze of floors, which was rather neat.  
My experience here was not the best - my main complaint was with the service which was exceedingly slow.  The food was just average & kinda bland, although I have to say the portions were pretty generous.  The price was nothing to complain about at all, but all the same I have little interest in making a repeat visit.
Really wish j could give NO STARS... This place was HORRIBLE -- from the time we walked in until we left! We just moved to the Rittenhouse neighborhood and were told to try here... Went on a Saturday night to get a few drinks... All staff was rude and could care less about us being there... Took forever to get a drink and when we finally did it was watered down... This truly lives up to its namesake - DO NOT go here they are by far the worse bar we've been to in Philly! What a disgrace!
Great bar....BUT NEVER have a party here.  They don't keep your reservation.  They will take your money to reserve the room downstairs, but will NOT actually HOLD that reservation.  And when you have 30 of your guests, supposed to head down to your reserved room while its full of strangers, they'll be total jerks about it.  Never going back.
I keep coming here. Not sure why.

The food is A-OK and nothing to write home about.

However, the bar area is super awkward, the tables on the ground level is a cluster, and overall it is LOUD as all get out and just gets me frustrated. Dinner upstairs is the way to go. There is also a basement bar area (also can be a cluster).

Overall, this is a great day drinking place, but I will take my party elsewhere on the weekends.
We went there Sunday for lunch.  I would have thought an hour would have been enough time for lunch, but 40min later - still no food.  I ordered the fish n chips, and my wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Her burger was pretty much a hockey puck,  my fish on the other hand was on the "rare" side.  Safe to eat, but could have been better done.  The crust on the fish struck my like the oil could have been changed sooner.  On the up side the waitress was cheery - albeit not quite on top of things, the venue was very pleasant.  I wanted to really like the place but Meh.
I wanted to like the food here. We ordered fish and chips and lamb stew. Let's just say I won't be recommending it. Go there for a pint or two on the main floor but the second floor dining room was a bit of a mess and drafty too.
The kitchen needs an update... My chicken sandwich was bland and the roll was stale.  I couldn't finish it..

The service and decor is nice... But the food is not up to par with typical irish pub fare in the city.  If you are a tourist only come here for drinks not food.
This review is for a private party that I held at Black Sheep recently. I wanted to throw my husband a surprise 30th birthday party and looked all around Philly for a place that had a private room, but wouldn't break the bank. Black Sheep was amazing, both in price and accommodating my party. I spoke to Mike Robinson on the phone about renting out a room (they have both an upstairs and downstairs option) and it was the easiest process. They had the date available that I wanted and he marked me down for a 3 hour window of time.. for a ridiculously low price of 150 dollars. He told me I could call and make the payment whenever I wanted, but that the room was confirmed. I really appreciated this fast and flexible service. 

They have no minimum price to spend otherwise, but I knew I wanted to have a bar tab and some food. He sent me the menu and told me I did not need to make any decisions until a week before the party, so I could see how many people were actually coming. He also allowed me to bring in a cake and provided silverware, plates, and a knife to cut the cake without any charge. Some places in the area wanted to charge me 2-3 dollars a person for these simple things, which can add up fast with a large party. 

The upstairs room is very nice and spacious. There are tables for guests to sit in, but also room to stand. We had over 50 people there and it was a perfect space. They let us decorate with balloons and a sign and they had a large table set out with all the food. Everyone said the appetizers were very good-- we had mac and cheese bites, hummus, chips and salsa, bruschetta, and pigs in a blanket. There were a decent amount of beers on tap and the drinks were flowing! The bartenders and other staff were friendly and quick. There is one bathroom upstairs and one in the downstairs room. Everyone had a great time! Thanks to Black Sheep for hosting my event! There really is no better deal in the area for a private party.
oh black sheep, you are my watering hole for after work....you are are the place that has super tasty bites, and great fish and chips...your jukebox is amazing, when some jerk doesnt supercede your music with an extra dollar....black sheep sometimes you're a bit loud and raucous, but so i am i sometimes, and your service never wanes...i will continue to drink, eat, laugh and play rockin music with you....
The black sheep is my midday hideout bar. Located across the street from the wife's place of business. I find myself, dropping in for a beer or two on a fairly regular basis. In the daytime, you can enjoy your craft brew with a varied assortment of people who work a different shift or should be working at that moment. Their are a pretty good assortment of beers, and Irish whiskeys, and i always find something to my liking. The servers are attentive and not pretentious. I have heard the service and crowd change drastically at night. I was amazed that, an empty bar, could be a over packed bar in less then twenty minutes. this being said, i was there post happy hour on a Friday evening, and it was packed, but the service was still spot on.
A group of Yelpers and I were all appalled at the level of service we received at this establishment. From the start this hovel of mediocrity fell on its face by not seating us at all; the hostess was not even at the door. We seated ourselves. Once we were in, the bar-tending waitress, who seemed to be running the show upstairs, took our drink orders, all the while giving off the aura of disdain and employment-regret that could sear hair off.

We had to wait around for over 30 min for someone to take our actual orders and after I took it upon myself to express to the waitress that were getting antsy. The forceful OK and stare I got back did tick me off but I decided I wouldn't make a huge deal of it. I gave her a well-timed "Alright, [pause] Thank You" until she broke eye contact and went back to our table. Not a pleasant experience. Even after all of this, someone was sent to "confirm" our orders 10 min later.

When we finally received the food it didn't impress me terribly. The Fish and Chips plate was plentiful but the fish itself was somewhat greasy and bland. However, the Humus platter was huge and pretty darn tasty (but nothing that can't be found elsewhere). Decent prices though.

The dcor of this place was as mediocre as was everything else about it. Wooden booths and low lighting define this place, as well as ever other pub everywhere else; the only distinction being the occasional framed picture of a sheep.

(I must admit I did not get to see much of the lower floor and dined upstairs)

The upstairs had large windows that may open to take in some night air - but they were closed when we were there. 
My advice, if you're in the neighborhood go to Monk's just around the corner. Price point may differ but hell, so does quality!
If you're looking for a place to grab a beer, sit by a fire, and read a Shel Silverstein poem, the Black Sheep Pub is your place.

The ambiance is great - it's not overwhelming loud, but there are plenty of people. It's candlelit, so everybody looks really attractive. But best of all, it's warm, cozy, and the perfect place to canoodle - if you're into canoodling at pubs. 

The crab cake sammie was fine - it tasted like a crab cake sandwich. The fries were crisp, crunchy and clean. 

But what makes my heart giggle is that Black Sheep has Lindeman's Framboise on tap. So it's kind of cloying to drink Lindeman's Framboise by itself, but dear friends, ask for it blended with Guinness. A half-Framboise, half-Guinness emulsion is a treat for the tongue. It's tart, creamy, and smooth. Dessert in a glass.
Well the food was average bar food, only problem was it took a year & a day to get it. The bartender was also the waitress and she was just too overwhelmed for a full house and a large group. Not a good sign when someone is sent over 20 minutes after the order was initially taken to re-ask what was ordered.

The upstairs decor was cozy & well lit. 

All in all I was not impressed and will probably not wander back.
I have stopped by a few times since moving into Rittenhouse Square looking for a friendly pub. In my first two visits during the Spring, the bartenders were nice, friendly and welcoming. This past Fall and Winter, the staff made me feel like an imposition. They were more content sitting/standing on the side of the bar talking about their days and nights and, dare I mention, making fun of customers rather than acknowledging paying attention to the bar of customers. One gentlemen had to ask numerous times to pay his tab (it was not busy). This was my last try at The Black Sheep and will stay with Twenty Manning Grill.
Went here last night for the first time.  Service was crazy slow, and to quote-up Zanna "it took a year and a day to get" our food.  I guess we were supposed to "understand" that our server was also the bartender and we were suppose to "know" that because of this service was going to be devastating slow.  But seriously, are you serious?  

Anyways, the server finally came over and she was like, frazzled and all and asked for us to give our order.  We said 'em, she didn't write 'em down, 20 (!!!) minutes later another server came to ask what we had ordered just to "go over our order again."  Is my review just like Zanna's?  Sorry.   

Anyways, food FINALLY CAME OUT.  I was famished.  I was stoked to see that Fish and Chips was a very nice plate of fish and chips.  The fish was a massive fillet that was nice and crisp but not too flavorful (yay for malt vinegar) and the chips were very well seasoned.  Great for $11.  The BF got gazpacho and it was nice and flavorful as well.  I don't like gazpach that much, but his was yummy.  I don't like cold soups.  Ew. 

Anyways, I might be back to explore the other floors.  SERVICE was horrible.  We left her a "You've Been Yelped" card.
I've been here many a time for happy hour with work people, and I went for the first time for dinner the other night. Like other posters said the downstairs is a bit dark, but I like it as it reminds me of an authentic Irish or Scottish bar - heavy wooden tables, dim lighting, hard benches and stools, etc.

What I like about this bar is that it's a good middle ground. Not as divey as the Raven Lounge, but not as pretentious as XIX. I also really liked the food. We went on a Friday night around 6 and were the only people there for about 15 minutes. I had a pulled pork sandwich and it had the sweetest, most delectable barbecue sauce I've ever had. Plus it was only $10. 

All in all, if you're looking to do a happy hour with coworkers or have a few drinks with friends, I think this is a solid bet.
I'll be honest.  I'm not a fan of the owner or management.  My husband and I would go here once or twice a week for over a year with a large group of friends.  When we got engaged, we decided to have our reception there.  Menu was planned, meetings were had, and we were getting ready to give them the deposit when the owner decided that we weren't worth it.  I guess a guaranteed 200 people eating wasn't enough for him.

We didn't go back for a long time (over a year) since we sort of felt like we weren't valuable to them after all the money we spent there.

We went back the other night for the first time in a long time.  And I have to say that Eileen won us back.  She was one of the regular waitresses that served us back in the day.  

Eileen remembered that I liked diet soda and she remembered what we always ordered for dinner.  She also remembered that we like extra honey mustard sauce for our fries!  When we arrived she was happy to see us, asked us how we were, and throughout dinner she kept up with what we needed, rarely interrupting conversation.  It was pretty busy that night, and she also kept up with all the other tables that she was serving.

It is rare to get such great service anywhere, especially in Philly at the price point that Black Sheep serves.  But Eileen gave us such great service.  It was personal, professional, and just delightful.  And so, as I said before, Eileen won us back.  I can also pretty much guarantee that if we go in and she's not there, we won't be either.
Overcharged my credit card via tips - what a scam. Watch out for your statements!
good for drinks late at night and that's about it. wait service is fucking terrible. i didn't know that it took some one 30 minute to bring water over. also i didn't know why the appetizer came 15 minutes after our meals. the waitress, was awful. she knew surprisingly nothing about the drink menu, and even surprisingly less about the food menu. when we asked how many pieces of chicken came with the chicken tender basket she said... 
"it comes with chicken"
i said " yes but how many pieces"
she said "a lot"
"so that means about 4 or 5"
"maybe"

ummm what? i wonder if she even worked there sometimes. the food was sub par... they use cheese wiz on their nachos, and too much cheese wiz as that. i had to get up and find my own bottle of ketchup for my friends soggy fries. and i was surprised that after asking what the house dressing was that would come on my side salad and being told that it was a vinaigrette... when in all actuality it was Caesar. 

paying the bill was interesting because we gave her a credit card and she asked if we needed change... and the credit card wasn't in a check book so that probably lets you know how smart she really is. and it took her about 20 minutes to bring the bard back to us and she waited over our shoulders to see how much tip we were leaving. now that's classy.


the only upside is the massive amounts of bathrooms. and the calamari is pretty good. that's about it. maybe they should take their wait staff to burger king and show them what mediocre service is like because that would be a step up for them
We are big fans of the St. Stephen's which is a great Fairmount pub. Since these places are related we thought it would be just as friendly and helpful. It was a big disappointment as we wandered the bar area with no help around. We asked about making a reservation and were told it would be awhile. We were finally able to find out it was a 25 minute wait. We tried to get a beer in the bar area but no one was helpful. We left and went Cavanaugh's.  That was a good choice. They were welcoming.
so i have friends who love this place.  seriously love it.  and it was...ok.  pluses for me: hoegaarden on tap.  decent crowd.  

the minus: i got the fish and chips.  i figured that's what one gets at an pub.  it wasn't very tasty.  someone forgot the salt or something, i guess.  plus, we got stuck by someone's ugly christmas party.  ew.

edited:  ok, so my friends and i went back again this weekend.  three cheers for the garlic fries.  and friendly bartenders who are perfectly snarky.
The bars here are nothing special, and the happy hour is pretty weak (just $1 off drinks) but the food is pretty amazing.  This is now one of my go-to comfort food spots.  Most dishes are on the heavy side and incredibly satisfying.

My picks so far?  The wild mushroom salad was a huge portion and didn't skimp on the fresh mushrooms, the veggie sandwich was overflowing with cheese & roasted vegetables and the macaroni and cheese was mild, smooth and amazing.  My bf can vouch for the shepherds pie.

Black Sheep Pub is the perfect hideout during wintry weather and a potent cure for any mac + cheese craving.
My husband and I eat at the Black Sheep about six times a year.  Most times the food is  good and I love the atmosphere.  However, the last time we and two guests ate here for brunch on 8/14/16, three of the four of us felt that the food was so salty that we couldn't taste or enjoy it.  Maybe it was just an off day, but I think I exceeded my RDA of sodium for the week in this one brunch!
This place gets 5 stars for the macaroni and cheese, 1 star for the fact that our bartender kept leaving the bar for extended periods of time so we couldn't order anything.  Someone actually had to go find an employee to have them send her back up.  This may be the best mac and cheese I've ever had at a restaurant.  And don't be fooled by it being listed as an appetizer, it's big enough for a meal.  Go eat it!  Now!
I'm definitely going to have to try the food the next time I come here because it definitely sounds right up my alley. Overall this is the perfect middle ground pub in Philadelphia. it definitely isn't a dive but it's far from upper class. It doesn't have a crap beer selection but it doesn't have the best. The last time I was here I was able to get the Monty Python ale on tap which can be a pretty rare occasion. since it has the middle crowd appeal it brings in a good mix of people. 
I also love the dimly lit, wooden decor. It's the way a pub should be by my book.
God I hate giving this 1 star because the bartenders are fantastic. I enjoy this place for the bartenders because they're friendly and good.
But the wait staff? "Rude" doesn't even begin to describe it.
I get it's busy, but professionalism doesn't go out the door. Rachel was terrible. But the others were no treat to deal with either.
Just pathetic.
one tiny piece of cod - $14 "fish" and chips.  yeah right.
Was here for a private event and experienced atrocious service, bad enough that I would not go back.

Their website touts their ability to handle large groups for private events... but they were completely unprepared to handle the group. Service was extremely slow, and our server was rude as well. From ordering to receiving food took at least 40 minutes. When one person's food came out (missing an item), we asked the server when we could expect the other food and received a rude and unhelpful response of "It's a small kitchen." No refills were offered on coffee. One food order came out a good 15 minutes before the others. Getting the attention of the server was nearly impossible.

The food itself was adequate--nothing special, but nothing wrong with it. The "maple syrup" described in the menu was pancake syrup rather than actual maple syrup (which is fine... just don't call it maple syrup if it's not!).

We were also charged for an item we didn't order and it was an ordeal to get the attention of the server to get it removed from the bill, and no apology was offered when we pointed out the mistake.

Overall, very unimpressed. They clearly weren't prepared to handle the group and seemed to fell no need to apologize for their lack of preparation.
Within the last year, Black Sheep changed their menu. They don't have anything that I want to order, anymore.  It's really sad, actually.  Black Sheep used to be one of my favorite restaurants, one of the places I had to limit my visits to. 

Even though I don't want to eat here, anymore, it's still a fun place to frequent. They have decent beers on tap at all times.  The beer alone makes it worth it.  The nice Irish pub atmosphere adds to the appeal, too. 

Here's a warning: The sambal wings are so ridiculously hot! I mean, it was painful.  They were so spicy it hurt my fingers to hold them!  At first I thought I was just being a spicy wimp, but I wasn't the only person that couldn't eat them. 

Beware the sambal wings!
I dig the Black Sheep.  The space is so warm and inviting.  Love their location and they're red and black motif.  They can get very busy but if you can score a chair downstairs by the windows it is great for people watching and downing a pint or three.

Their food is Irish and gastro-pubbish.  Never had a bad food or drink experience here and if we're in the area then we almost always stop in.
If you're jones'n for some mac and cheese, Black Sheep is a great place to go... sometimes nothing beats a crock of creamy, baked, cheesy awesomeness.  Besides that, this is probably some of the best food i've had in an irish pub in Philly... everything i've had there has been really good.  The shephards pie is great.  Next time they have ribs on the menu, definitely give them a try - they are melting off the bone, and delicious.  The atmosphere in the bar is a pretty authentic divey irish pub, and the upstairs dining area gives a little more upscale experience.  The beer selection is nothing amazing, but i'm sure you'll find something you'll like... you could always go for the old standby - a pint of Guiness!
I like Black Sheep. Unfortunately I have negative associations due to hitting the absinthe at Parc a little too hard one night before going and then spent a considerable amount of time in the bathroom. But that is neither here nor there.

Good bar food (the cheeseburger especially sticks out in my mind) and a good beer selection, with a friendly unpretentious clientele, makes this a spot I wish I got to more often. And I hear they have Quizzo? Yes please.
Despite a recent renovation, the Black Sheep is dingy and dirty and the sloppiest, most unattractive hostess (that is until I saw our waitress) sat us at our table upstairs. Although it was 10 pm on a Wednesday night, she was hesitant about sitting a party of two at a large table. Perhaps she was expecting a sudden stream of late night diners. The waitress was as sloppy and disheveled as the hostess. No makeup, no hairstyle and clothes that looked as though she found them on the street. I ordered something from the menu that did not have goat cheese listed as one of its ingredients, but she argued with me that the menu did have it listed. I showed her the menu and corrected her. She was rude and had a nasty attitude. I guess I would too if I looked like her. It was $30 for a burger, a salad and two Diet Cokes.The staff is arrogant, the place is filthy and the food is perfect for those who don't care about their health or appearance and like to stuff their faces with a bunch of high fat, high cholesterol, high calorie greasy food. No thanks.
Love coming here for a casual happy hour! Especially during the summer/sips it's a low-key choice when the rest of center city can get a bit crazy.

Love to come here and order a bunch of apps to split with the table. Love the cheesesteak egg rolls and the spicy ketchup they come with. In my opinion the garlic fries were a bit too garlicky but you get what you ask for that's for sure! Burgers here are also delish.
Pretty pricey for happy hour.  Too much hassle about payment / cash rules.  Too many better options in the vicinity to return.
The Irish equivalent of Monk's just across the pond.  I have to admit that I have only had lunch here and an after work snack with my favorite female companion.  They have a friendly selection of beers that pair very nicely with their "Irish" food selections. However, I am starting to get the feeling of "cop-out" with the center city European influenced pub/restaurants (aside from Monks), because their menus lack a vibrant and taste-bud catching theme that screams "MUST GO".  

After going to a few (Noddingheads, Fado, and some of the ones in Society Hill) of the other places I get a little tired of the "whole beef patty" treatment when I can get the same thing at the local grocery "bag em and tag em" store.  

All things considered, I am in love with the three-story colonial townhouse that they are so fortunate to be located in.  Great spot to hang out on a warm afternoon with some friends and catch a game of soccer on the tel-ey, or play a little game of darts. If I spend more time at Black Sheep I will come back and give a much fairer assessment.  

It gets (3) stars just because of it's location.
So I'm sitting on Yelp reading reviews by neighborhood looking for a place to go to dinner, and I come across Black Sheep. I love Black Sheep so much that I decided to read the new reviews.   I'd say that most people have an accurate grasp on this place (particularly Bill M. and George R.) There is good and bad here, but I really do think the good out ranks the bad.  

Ok, they have tvs which can distract bad dates, loved ones, and the elderly, alike. But, the rest of the atmosphere is nice.  The wooden booths, soft lighting, and Guinness paraphernalia create a warm, and inviting environment.  

Sure, the beer selection isn't great, but it's not bad, and they pour a mean Guinness (complete with the shamrock).  

And sure, a burger here costs 10 bones.  Most people would argue that $10 is a lot for a burger where you chose your own toppings, and a plate full of fries.  $10 is a lot for a burger and fries.  However, this burger is very large. It's easily twice the size of a Monk's burger (that costs $8 and doesn't have fries).  And here, they actually cook your burger to order, unlike some places that only claim to (ahem, Monk's).

But really, the food here is delicious.  Last time I was here, I had a special that was a lamb sandwich with curry mayo and mint pesto.  It was so good that even though I was full half way through, I ate every last bite. It hurt, but it was worth it.

All in all, my only real problem with the Black Sheep is that their sheppard's pie is made with ground beef. That's just not right.
Ok, so I HATE giving the Black Sheep one star but I HAVE to. Their beer selection is really sub par but its bearable. The main reason the place got one star is the food. Now I know this is really just a cool pub in a posh neighborhood but are they trying to be a gastro pub? I don't know... The fish tacos we got were literally atrocious. They were just salty, extremely greasy (not in a good hangover food greasy but just downright putrid) along with being soggy and sad. There staff there are very nice or at least pleasant otherwise this place would be a total epic fail. There wasn't any fish in our fish tacos which I found terribly either cheap or just a slap in the face sine they are FISH tacos! I couldn't identify the fish which was strange since I eat and cook more fish than anyone I know. There was no sauce to accompany this mysterious sea creature tucked away in this very soggy clearly store bought tortillas. Now maybe I am a little biased because I lived in L.A. for a few years and they have some of the best fish tacos on Earth next to ones that I have made courtesy of All Recipes. TO sum it up they were lacking in every way shape and form even down to the pathetic over salted sides. I was told by the bartender that I should go with the Shepards pie and I wish I would have listened. WHY would I get fish tacos at a place like Black Sheep when its clearly an Irish pub? Call it being adventurous and being very hopeful that this GREAT pub would deliver the "goods." Anyway don't go Fish Tacos unless you're completely LOCO! Sorry Sheep.... Still love ya.
Just stopped in for a drink, as this place was across the street from the hotel we were staying in.  I thought it was pleasant enough and would probably stop in again if I were in the area, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back (even though all the sheep decor was very endearing and it has a certain originality for an Irish bar that you don't see often....at least not often in Chicago)
Where did I go after running around the city like a child during the blizzards of '11?  Black Sheep Pub.  After a few too many stiff ones at Stir?  Blackout be damned!  I can find my way to BSP before stumbling home. 

For $7 BSP's mac & cheese never fails to satisfy my comfort food craving (photo!!).  I'm the nerd ordering m&c in a togo cup - or the one sitting at the bar next to the guy who always orders the shepherd's pie.  I'm also the one staring into the fireplace (1st flr), not at the flatscreen above it (and tend to avoid game day crowds).

I like to amuse myself by perusing the menu as if I'd choose something else - it's happened once or twice - but after the bartender looks at me with a knowing eye I blurt out that i'm here for the you-know-what.  For down to earth service & a neighborhood pub that makes you forget you're in Rittenhouse Black Sheep is my favorite.
Visited on a very warm Friday evening.  Our party of 10 quickly secured a table in the back and even annexed the adjacent table.  The waitress was attentive.  However, it was absolutely too hot without the merest hint of AC.  Several in our party left due to just plain sweating too much.  As did the rest of our party a short time later.  Clearly not a good place to visit when the temps get above 70.  See you in the fall Black Sheep.
I've always had a decent time at this place.

I've never tasted the food but I have had drinks here a number of times.  The service has always been prompt and friendly.  This bar is quite laid back and while they don't have an amazing draft list, it's still pretty decent.  The only time I've seen people spilling out of this bar is during phillies games.  It also seems to be decently popular on the weekends and the few times I've stopped in, the downstairs was rented out for a private party.

This is one of those places that will always stay on my radar.  The other evening a couple friends and I were walking around and they asked, where can we just go, sit at a table and have a beer without any BS.

"Black Sheep" I said.  "It's that kind of place."
Stopped by Black Sheep for the first time on a Saturday early evening with a few friends. We were greeted by a friendly hostess that informed us if we were just drinking, we should head to the downstairs bar or the upstairs bar. The main floor seemed to be predominantly dine in seating. 

At first, we decided to check out the downstairs. It was very small with almost college frat basement vibes. There is a dart board and a very small bar and seating area. It was a bit more busy than we had hoped so we decided to turn around and head back upstairs. 

When we made our way to the upstairs bar, we discovered the perfect space for us. There were four seats at the bar so we each grabbed a seat. We were greeted by the very friendly bartender, Isabelle. She was super attentive and fun to chat with! The service was so phenomenal that she is the reason for my five star review. 

I look forward to stopping back to try the food!
This is the first pub I've been at that serves "lightly fried calamari", humus, chicken wings, braised lamb and shepherd's pie. It looks like a regular pub, but only half the items on the menu are pub fare, the other half are upscale restaurant items. Their beer selection is not small at all, but totally uninteresting. Too many generic stuff. But the food was fabulous.
Been to Black Sheep many times and finally ate there last night prior to Johnny Goodtimes quizzo (Wednesdays).  Black Sheep is sort of small and cramped, but I like the atmosphere.  I've tried to do quizzo here before and it's been very crowded.  Last night (Thanksgiving Eve) there was surprisingly plenty of room.

Not a horrible tap selection...  They have 10 taps: 3 were local craft beers, 2 were other crafts, 3 were popular Belgian imports (Hoegaarden, Lindeman's Framboise and Stella, yuck) and 2 were popular Irish imports (Guiness and Smithwick's).  They had one craft beer on special for $4 all night.

We thought the food was quite good.  The Shepherd's pie was tasty, though came with no sides and cost around $12.  My girlfriends, whom is a vegetarian, really enjoyed her veggie sandwich with roasted veggies and feta cheese.  My other friend got a pulled pork sandwich that looked great with tasty fries.

We've previously had much drunken fun in the small downstairs (basement) bar.  So, we'll go with 4 stars.
Decent, clean, but it didn't wow me. That's okay though. I went in because I've heard others talk about it and I've never been. So me and my lady wanted to try a new pub for drinks and a pubfood and this is where we ended up. I had the Reuben and she had the burger and we shared some of the curry fries. Both the sandwiches were too large to finish in one sitting, but that's okay by me. I love leftovers for lunch. The fries were "interesting". I lived in England for a little while so when I saw curry fries on the menu I immediately was brought back. The fries I remember were nothing like the fries I got, but that doesn't mean they were bad. The Reuben was a Reuben. Nothing crazy... The burger though... That was a mean burger. It was enormous, and they had great toppings choices. She went with the goat cheese and caramelized onions. They went a little overboard with the goat cheese but otherwise it was a good burger. 

It was a little better than meh, but it wasn't enough to lure me from my other favorite pubs. I'd go back though. 


Oh, one more thing. We ate upstairs and the bartender who waited on us was a sweetheart.
this bar is really standard fair. the drinks are average price and the clientele and decor is very run of the mill bar style. i can't complain and i can't rave. i think if i lived in philly this would be a staple spot of mine. the food there is really tasty. in particular the burger. molto bene.
Decent Happy Hour specials - $3 domestics, $5 house wines and $3 soco shots if you're still doing those.

Happy Hour goes from 4-7, which is longer than most places. Bartender was nice and attentive. They have $5 happy hour appetizers too. 

I'd come here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I have been here many times, and I am not sure why we keep coming back.  It is ok, but there are better places in the area.  The beer list is small, and not great.  The food is alright.  The prices are ok.  Basically it is very run of the mill.  It is hard to get a table, and the ones they offer aren't comfortable.

They do have a fireplace, which is awesome.
Great pub!  Good selection of beers.  Nice staff.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  The burgers are wonderful and HUGE.  The garlic fries are giant wedges of potato fried and smothered in chopped garlic and herbs.  So much garlic that they are not for the faint of heart!  They smell so good that others in the bar came by to ask what we had.  

Skip the hummus.  It's not bad, but you can get better elsewhere and they do other things better.  Same for the sambal chicken wings.

But do remember the garlic fries.
Just celebrated a friend's bday lunch here. There were nine of us in the group and the service was great. We made a reservation without a problem and the server remembered all of our orders, despite all the chaos we carried on with changing drinks, etc. I like the laid-back atmosphere and the huge tables to sit at. They have sports on TV all the time, if that's your thing, or just want a place to grab a pint. There's also added seating upstairs. Our group shared the garlic fries, which come with a tasty zingy dip. You will not want to talk too closely to anyone after eating these, but they're so good! I ordered the fish and chips, which are a bit too expensive for a lunch item ($13!), but I was really craving fried fish. We ordered two of the chocolate-y cake things to share. I would not recommend the chocolate cheesecake thing, unless you like flan, because there's a weird gelatinous surrounding to it; tastes very mass produced. All in all though, fine pub grub.
The drink menu is nothing special, but the filet mignon sliders with fries are delicious. Service is frequent and warm. The atmosphere wasn't my thing, but it was (loudly) buzzing with conversation the whole time, so at least there's a crowd.

I'd probably go here again for a late night snack, but otherwise I'll stay away. There's a $15 minimum to use a card.
I came here for a Center City Sips happy hour. It has a very cozy sports pub-ish atmosphere. The servers were extremely polite and I thought the service was pretty good.

I like that they have Stella and Hoegarden on tap, and they have a number of affordable bar food options that are big enough to share, like baked mac and cheese (which I thought was delicious) and garlic fries (also good).

Overall, seems like a pretty good place for a casual happy hour and bite - the sips deal was great, but I don't know if I'd come here if the prices were too much higher.
The Black Sheep is one of the locations that Drinkable Arts hosts their painting parties. Long story short, when the class got canceled last minute, my group was still left with a great happy hour opportunity. 

You've probably read that Black Sheep has three floors. The paint party was supposed to be in the basement, so we ended up down there on the couches surrounding a small coffee-table like of table. It was cozy down there, almost like someone's well decorated bar themed basement. We were the only patrons downstairs so it really did seem like were in someone's cozy basement. 

There were various specials for happy hour, but the Tröegs Blizzard of Hops Winter IPA caught my eye. It's normally $6, which isn't bad at all. However it ended up being $1 off for happy hour. Sweet! 

We ordered several appetizers for the table including the mac n cheese, Brussel sprouts and the veggie quesadilla. Based on what everyone said about the mac n cheese, I knew I had to try it even though I didn't want the full appetizer order. And you need to try it too. It is as good as everyone says. It's really creamy and the bread crumbs are a nice touch.

The veggie quesadilla was also good but nothing to really rave about. It was your standard quesadilla except it was full versus flat. It was almost more like a Panini it was so doughy. I think the side of salsa was probably the best part of it. The tomatoes were well-seasoned and plentiful, almost like a side salad. 

The Brussel sprouts were my least favorite. I've had such amazing Brussel sprout dishes but these just fell flat.  They weren't flavored well and almost seemed a little dry. Thank goodness for the bacon- the saving grace of the dish. So much for a healthy vegetable option. Adding a little of the salsa from the quesadilla helped a bit. Overall, I just wasn't impressed. 

So the bill ended up being dirt cheap since some of the appetizers were also happy hour specials. For all three including tax and tip, it came to about $22. We just ate appetizers and beer but I was definitely full. 

So morally of my review, Black Sheep was cozy with good happy hour specials.
Another place I really want to love but it just never seems to cut it.  
The bar itself looks great, the servers are attentive w/o being overbearing and they usually have pretty decent beers on tap. 
But the food is just awful.  I don't know how you can serve an inedible burger but they manage to do it.  I used to like the pulled pork sandwich but they changed something and now it is terrible too. 
I went back a couple of months ago as I heard they had a new chef  but the food was still just as terrible.  
Come on Black Sheep!  Get a new food supplier and step it up a notch or three and you will be great!
We were a group of 10. A very short walk from our hotel. We all are airline employees. We were taken to the 2nd floor where our server Kelly took great care of us. We had a couple rounds of beverages. After we asked if we could split the check and she said, "no problem".  We left and went elsewhere and had dinner where it was a problem. Our group split in half and half went back to Black Sheep. All of us we just would have stayed there in the first place!!
Beer and ambiance, fine. Food, no bueno.  Thinking the tuna guacamole would be like Jose/Sancho Pistola's, I was horrified to find out that Black Sheep's version was basically canned tuna, mayo, and a little bit of avocado. Filet Mignon sliders were hard to chew. The fries that came with it were strangely dense. The wings had a decent flavor but were not crispy enough. I learned my lesson.
Dimly lit and very crowded we slinked into a booth in the back of the first floor next to a rowdy group of co-workers. Our server had her hands full with them but she juggled tables well and made sure our drinks were always refreshed. 

I didn't eat anything, which was probably a safe bet since my ass barely fit on the bench/mini-ledge where I was sitting. (I wish we coulda sat at the bar or at least one of the high pub tables.) If I were a bit smaller or not had impending dinner plans I would have loved me some shepherd's pie (can you think of a better place to try it than "black sheep"?) or the garlic fries served with a chipotle dipping sauce. 

Draft list is pretty nice with the coveted Dogfish Head Festina Peche and my go-to Yards Philly Pale Ale. Also a fairly stacked bottle list and a few middle-of-the-road wines for those who don't realize they're in a pub.
Called, and they said they had quizzo. Checked he website, had a specific entry for quizzo on the exact date. On facebook, there was a post "quizzo tonight!" But when I get there with my team of 6, bartender says "'nah, no quizzo tonight. Can I get you a menu?" Feel like there were several ways to alert customers of the change of plans, but instead they chose to allow people to arrive and hopefully just stay to spend money without getting what they came for. First and last time here I think.
This is your standard pub with average drinks & food. I've been here multiple times, but this was the first time not for happy hour.

I ordered the shepherds pie and was disappointed with how small it was! If I'm going to pay for a meal, I don't want to feel like I need to order a second to be satisfied. Will stick to beers & appetizers in the future.
I stumbled on/into the Black Sheep a couple weeks back on a night out because we'd all been wanting to try a few new places. Only when I'd gotten inside and realized it was actually a pretty neat place did I remember it's supposedly owned by the same folks who run my favorite pub in the city, the Dark Horse.

Anyways, this place has a similar vibe, but is infinitely more crowded. Another weird thing, I've been heckled by more than one Yalie on more than one occasion here. Not to hate on Yale, but damn, dudes - take it easy.

They've got your standard beer selection, and plenty of reasonably priced mid/upper-mid shelf liquor, so get yourself something classy, but quick! I guarantee you there are 5 or 6 people waiting behind you for a drink.

Pro-tip: I fully recommend this place for, and I will be trying it on an off-night. The weekends are just too packed.
Scattered service. First, I asked if I could get a smaller size beer (less than 12 oz) because I was trying to not drink that much. The server told me they could do that and proceeded to give me a 12 oz can! Yikes.

I have a dairy allergy and wanted a burger. The server put  my order in and 15 min later told me that all the buns had dairy. I asked if I could have it on any other bread. The server called someone who looked like a head chef. He very condescendingly told me my options were no bread or lettuce around the burger. They eventually figured that they could give me pita on the side.

This seems like an ok place if you have no specific food needs, but for me, it was not worth the effort. Every single question I asked, the server had to check with the kitchen and the kitchen seemed pretty unaccommodating. Once my food came, my fries came with a sauce with diary! Um....
Cool place, and a good selection on tap.  But come on now...are they really going to charge people $6.50 a beer?  (Which is basically $7.50 in reality, if you're not a jerk).     Thought I was at a bar, not a Phillies game. 

Oh well...I guess if you're gonna drink in this part of the city, there's no use in being cheap.  It's just a little offensive I think.
Love black sheep! Great neighborhood bar. Usually pretty lively especially on weekend nights. Great quizzo during the week. Good beer list. Great happy hour!! 3 floors. My only issue is their wine is pretty expensive for a pub when not on hh. Get the mac and cheese! you wont be disappointed!
Tried to come in this bar tonight with my family and we asked if there was any place to sit.  The hostess seemed to not want to seat us when they saw I had my mother aunt and grandmother with me.  The hostess blocked the door and would not let us in so rude.  Then a couple of young people came in and they got seated.  I would never go to that place again.  I think the reason was because of all of us were not young in our party.  I would rate it a minus 10.
I was continuing the theme of having dinner at animal-named pubs in the Rittenhouse square area... and this night, I went to Black Sheep Pub, which is an irish pub (sorta).  I was excited that it was only a block from my hotel, but unfortunately it wasn't that great.  

First off, Philly is hot and humid in the summer.  And the humidity doesn't really roll away till much later in the evening.  So hoping to get a break from the weather, I walk into Black Sheep Pub, only to feel exactly the same.  No A/C!  Windows were opened in the front of the bar and once again, it was very dark for even a bar.  I grabbed the table in the back room (1st floor) by the window to savor what light was available.

I tried the Sly Fox Pilsner (I think it was called the Pikeland Pilsner), which ended up being on special for $3.50 a pint.  Not too shabby :)
I ordered the fish and chips for dinner.  Figured it was appropriate bar food for an Irish pub.  The fries were pretty good with malt vinegar, but didn't compare to the fries at Good Dog (from the night before).  The cod was decent... moist, flakey, but the breading didn't hold well and it kept falling apart.

Service was a little on the neglectful side, but I wasn't in a huge hurry, so that didn't bother me too much.  Overall, the place was ok, but not great.  I feel like there are better places to go in the area, especially when it's hot outside and you want some light and some A/C!
This is a really small Irish bar. It has two large-screen TVs in the front and back walls. It's a bit cramped, with large wooden tables overcrowding the floor space so you end up backing your chair into others when trying to get in or out of your seat.

The clientele is nearly 100% white, and the atmosphere is loud but not raucous. We ordered some tequila sunrises from their $5.50 well drinks list but weren't wild fans of this place. It might take a few more tries to get used to it, but I didn't enjoy the experience as much, mostly because the waiters weren't all too attentive or care much for smaller parties when bigger parties drink/pay more and thus take precedence.
I see The Black Sheep becoming more of a regular rotation spot for us. Their Sunday brunch drink specials alone are worth a visit. Before today we had only stopped in for drinks and an appetizer. Today we wanted brunch/Sunday Funday. We arrived around 12 and got a table right by the window, and surprisingly there weren't too many people there yet. We ordered drinks from the brunch cocktail list, and decided on a chicken and chorizo quesadilla as an appetizer, which was delish! I ordered the seared tuna salad and he ordered a burger. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad, it had a lot of tuna, perfectly seared and the tarragon dressing was very flavorful. They have quite a lot of items on the brunch menu ranging from variations of eggs Benedict, breakfast burrito, sandwiches, salads, etc.  to appeal to breakfast and lunchers alike. Our server was very nice, he checked in often and our waters and drinks were replenished at a perfect rate. Throughout our time here it filled up, and I noticed a lot of the people coming in were definitely regulars. I see us returning again soon, for sure.
The food was average bar food and the drinks were average bar drinks. It was a nice/casual place to sit with a party of five and enjoy each other's company. I wouldn't return for the food or beverages, but the space and atmosphere was nice for what we needed. 

The burgers were "okay, but I've had better" from my friends and my tuna salad was tasty but had bland potatoes randomly thrown on top which was perplexing to the eyes and taste buds.
A little pricey, but I love the feel of the place. Their food is pretty tasty! They have great beers, personable staff, and awesome garlic fries! Worth a stop or two.
So I went for the first time tonight and got no food. I sat at the bar with a few friends toward the end of happy hour and beyond. All I can truly speak for is the atmosphere and the quality of the bartenders. 

I had a great time for a Friday night. The bartender was highly attentive in my opinion and always asked whether I wanted another beer just as I was finishing one, which I feel is good bartender etiquette as I've also been a bartender myself. 

I know the place has 3 floors but I only saw two. Although the floor I was on had as many TVs as one would need to see from any angle. 

I would def recommend this as a hangout spot with friends. They have a great happy hour and even place a nice shamrock in the foam of Guinness. Something that's not done in many American pubs and takes great care to do. 

Fun time!
Great casual happy hour spot. Love coming here to chaz it up with friends and pound a few pints. 

They a great pub style atmosphere with a great beer selection. They also have a full menu with bar type food. The star being the Mac and cheese. It is cooked in a crock with a hard crust on top. Always the highlight of my visit here.
Nice, kinda divey, cute, local, cozy bar. AND it has an electronic jukebox for $1 per song (with songs old and new). There is also a basement area with darts for small parties! The bartender was really nice! Oooo AND they had a dessert menu, which I didn't have time to try =(
The conference "group dining experience" was held here. We had the seating area by the fireplace all to ourselves.Fireplace? As close as I was sitting, it was more like a blast furnace. Finally, I was warm. 

I ordered the butternut squash soup and another cape cod. The soup was rich and thick, savory, not sweet, and smooth. It was topped with pumpkin seeds or something. I enjoyed it. I used the restroom downstairs. The stairs were steep! Not for those who have had too many cocktails. 

But I really had to leave. I had another dinner to attend. I'd probably return. No guarantee, but probable.
Who has happy hour on a Friday afternoon that starts at 4pm?  Black Sheep Pub!  All drinks were $1 off.

While there was plenty of seating available from 4-5, by 6pm the upstairs was packed and the basement was full with a private event.  Our service wasn't anything spectacular.  I found it odd that mid-drink our waitress brought us the bill because she was leaving and wanted her tip.  

The highlight of the evening was the basket of fries we ordered.  Served piping hot and perfectly seasoned they came with what looked like a red pepper aioli.
Just had my 30th B-day Party here in the basement bar & I couldn't have asked for a better location/setup.  Everyone was really friendly at the bar & pretty organized.  The manager, Mike, got back to me in a very timely manner and Adam the Bartender rocked my world!  He was so friendly and excited to serve my guests.  We had about 35 people in the basement bar and it was awesome.  A couple high top bar tables & a lounge area w/ a coffee table!  Totally enough seating for almost everyone!  Excellent prices too!  There's a dart board and a flat screen TV downstairs also & 2 bathrooms!  Had the best time!
The best part of Black Sheep is Eileen, one of Philly's outstanding servers. The lack of 5 stars is because of the air conditioning situation in the summer, and the IPA-heavy taps. 

People rave about the mac and cheese, but to me it tastes like Stouffer's. For mac and cheese, go to Westbury in the winter months, get it with bacon and onions. While you're at Black Sheep opt for the steak entree. The mashed potatoes are great.
Nice place to enjoy a relaxing pint with friends. Particularly on a warm day, when the windows are open.  Decent selection of draft beers and Irish Whiskey. 

Upstairs for dining, and the lower level has darts and golden tee. Decent juke box too.
They have Boddington's on tap!  Though in my mind I could totally end the review here, I should talk about their food.

Other than the hummus (way too much cumin in my book), everything they have is honestly amazing.  The calamari has never been over done, their fish and chips is SO good, wings, shepards' pie...YUM!

Also, if you need a break from the office, this is a great place to have a drinking lunch.  Quiet, not too many suits, and they have a TV so you watch the Phils or the World Cup while you drink away your stress.
Was meeting my friends here...glad it was only to meet up and not actually stay.  It isn't that it is a bad place, it's just boring here.  It was quite crowded on Friday after work hours.  I guess it's a good spot for the business crowd.  There was a party upstairs, which added to the crowd.

The lighting here is good, they have a huge window in the front.  It's normal, nothing special.  I've been to better Irish pubs.  I can't say if I even remember anything I did here.  So, the 2 stars is exactly what it says - I've experienced better.
3 bars on 3 different levels means there's always place to spread out. Different bars on tap and usually friendly waitstaff. The perfect neighborhood bar.
Grab a beer here while you wait for your table at Monk's!
Nothing embarrassing about this black sheep... Def one of the best casual pubs in Rittenhouse. Great spot for warm beverages-like a hot toddy or Irish coffee-by the roaring fire. Has multiple floors so it's perfect for large groups. Food is good... It features basic pub grub plus with variations, like grilled cheese with short rib and fish-n-chips. Prices are reasonable, service is acceptable (though borders on tortoise slow), and the crowd, lively and ranging in age. Absolutely worth a stop by when in the neighborhood.
I don't drink, but my wife and I would regularly go to the pub for brunch on weekends.  It's a real hidden gem for brunch, never too crowded.  They have my favorite Eggs Benedict / Florentine in the city; the accompanying potato chunks are always crisped wonderfully.  Downsides are sometimes wait service can be a little slow or non-responsive, I'd generally prefer it if it was open a little earlier for brunch.  But still much better than I was expecting.
Cheese-steak empandas. Yes, they serve cheese-steak empanadas. WITH smoked Gouda cheese in it. You're looking at me like you don't  understand how frickin' amazing this is.  Maybe you're a vegetarian or rather eat a Care Bear instead. I don't know what you're thing is.  But the menu selection is awesome. And you wouldn't expect it from this "Irish"  pub (hmm, maybe THAT'S why it's called Black Sheep, clever).  I guess the most Irish thing about it is that it has an Yacht-load of different beers.  

This place is like one of those super-flyweight boxers that shop from Baby Gap that you drunkenly watch on TV and then meet in person, talk trash to and they do demolition work on your face. It's unassumingly better and chiller than you expect.  So go get one of their,  hold on... drum roll please..., FILLET MIGNON SLIDERS!!!  (I'm dabbing the drool with my shirt)  What else do I have to do to agree this place rocks? Give you a handshake through your zipper?
What a great little spot! 

We came on the recommendation of a girl from City Sports who did not hesitate in saying Blacksheep when asked where to eat, and were not disappointed. 

Upon our servers recommendation I had a Dirty Hoe (Hoegaarden and Lambic Frambois) which was amazing and everything she said it would be. She even helped us pick out our meals.
I had the sesame seared tuna sandwich which was everything I could have possibly wanted. The fish was perfectly cooked, the pickled slaw added a tangy bite and the roll served it well. I skipped the wasabi mayo since horseradish = death but if that's your thing go for it. I also added a side of the curry fry dipping sauce which I would have bathed in had the container been large enough.
My friend got the Guiness battered cod sandwich and it too was amazing. Light cod, perfectly fried and delectable. 

Service was great our waitress was personable, friendly, full of information, and genuinely seemed happy to be there. She also had a rad phoenix tattoo so you know she's good people ;)

I would go back for sure! It's a shame I don't live closer to do so more often.
I stopped by here yesterday afternoon for brunch with a friend. The place is kind of small, but it has a friendly atmosphere. Since it was absolutely freezing, we sat near the fire place. Their brunch cocktails are $5 and are a good size. Taste wise, they were decent. I ordered the pork roll, over easy egg, and cheese on a brioche bun. It was accompanied with fries. The chipotle (?) mayo served with this was absolute delicious. Being from Jersey, this meal was right up my alley. Overall, I had a good experience, and would recommend to someone who was in the area and wanted a quick bite to eat.
I come here JUST for the mac and cheese. It's the best I've had in the city. Seriously. I don't know what's in it or how they do it, but it's out of this world. We recently went for brunch and it wasn't on the brunch menu, but the waitress said that was just a mistake and they do serve it for brunch/lunch. Don't hesitate to ask! Anyway, their other food is also good, and they've got plenty to drink, but it's all about that cheesy macaroni for me. They also have a fireplace, which is super cool when it's chilly out. There's lots of seating, if that's something you're worried about. Definitely try this place at least once!
Yummy Food:   Have eaten here many times.  Had the Fish and Chips, Mac and Cheese and Shepherds Pie.   Can't go wrong.  Bring an appetite!   Wash it all down with their many beers on tap.
The Black Sheep is my home away from home.  Rarely can one find a spot that is acceptable to visit morning, noon and night.  

Staff: The staff at BS is legit.... they are witty, smart and accommodating.    

Events: It's a wonderful place to have a function/birthday party.  They offer great specials, and have a basement that can be used for private functions. 

Day time meal:
I highly recommend getting the sheep salad for lunch or dinner some time. Delicioso! 

Sunday Funday: The brunch can't be beat.  It's usually not too crowded and the menu options range from creative to classic.... 

Atmosphere/Ambience: BS is so cozy in the fall, winter and early spring.  The fireplace on the main floor really sets the tone.  I also love all of the little nooks and crannies.
I think the Black Sheep is my favorite in the city. They have yummy food (especially the fries), the first floor is lovely and bright when it's nice weather because of the big windows, and there are 3 floors so usually you can find a spot somewhere to have a drink.
