I mean what else is there to say about the one and only capital grille!?! I came late to the party but ordered my food right on time because no menu was needed lol I order the chicken with shitake mushrooms and risotto layered with asparagus and paired it with a glass of Joseph Phelps chardonnay. 

The lighting was a bit dim since the sun was on full beastmode, but the clouds brought the same energy which changed the lighting mood in a good way. My chicken was slayed to perfection. I still have leftovers. Not that I couldn't finish it. I just wanted to taste more the next day lol The risotto was great, but needed a little spice for my liking. Our server was dope. She brought me out a tiny bowl of red pepper flake which really gave me the taste i was looking for in the risotto. I did nibble from a friends lobster mac n' cheese which was REALLY GOOD. 

Did I mention our server was dope?!? We asked if we could take a pic in the wine room that's displayed in the middle of the restaurant which isn't normally open to customers, but she asked the manager to grant the b-day gals wish we came out to celebrate and they did. :-)
My beau and I celebrated our five year anniversary in December at Capital Grille. My mom had just been there for a work dinner, and she raved about her experience so much that we booked our reservation immediately. 

While the service was pretty good and the food was up to par with what I expected, I wasn't left with a wow factor. We were seated in a room that looked like it would be used for private functions to the back left past the host station. It was very loud and not particularly romantic. On a previous visit we had been seated in the dining room behind the bar in a booth, which was much nicer.  

Our first course came out so quickly it was like the kitchen knew what we were going to order and had it ready. The second course came just as the first was cleared, and the main dishes hit our table as our soup and salad plates were being cleared. The twice baked potato, which we ordered at our server's suggestion, was excellent. The mushrooms were truly boring; not even close to the ones served at another steakhouse in town. The steaks were fine but, again, I've had better. I opted to upgrade my filet with crab and asparagus (Oscar-style) and requested the Bearnaise on the side. I'm glad I did because there was an overwhelmingly sweet taste to the sauce that reminded me of coconut. Very odd. 

The cheesecake we ordered for dessert was nice but didn't seem homemade. It was served with some sliced berries that were not in season. I know Capital Grille is a chain but I always held it to a much higher regard despite this fact. After this visit, I'll likely opt for locally owned restaurants for special occasion meals. I do think Capital Grille is still an excellent option for expense account dinners or group events.
After downing one too many last night and waking up to find one shoe at the bottom of the stairs, the other at the top, my inside-out jeans in the hallway, the rest of my clothes in the shower, and my hair wrapped in a towel, nothing can get me back on my feet like a filet from The Capital Grille. 

Clearly the only class I have is the kind I can buy. 5 stars Capital Grille. Thank you.
I love steak and whiskey. And sometimes, when the desire hits, I can't help but recall my last experience at Capital Grille when I met up with my former co-workers and Fred Noe - the rotund and jolly Kentucky whiskeyman whose face currently graces the side of every Jim Beam bottle. 

Our table kept to a conservative order of NY strips or filets. As the moment for my decision drew near, my thoughts wavered: tender and juicy filet mignon or the satisfaction of cutting into a lean sirloin. Just then, Kentucky's whiskey Santa Claus opted for the 24 ounce porterhouse, I had to follow his lead. In life, when you can't decide, pick the porterhouse.

As we all know, the sides at Cap Grille are plentiful and glorious. Parmesan truffle fries, Lobster Mac n Cheese, Lyonnaise potatoes, creamed spinach, fresh veggies. 

We were total gluttons, exchanging plates and sauces and belly laughs. Capital Grille is perfection personified.
Last week we celebrated our one year anniversary. Few weeks before that, my coworkers and I went for spring restaurant week luncheon. However, brace yourself, Yelpers, because although I've dined at The Capital Grille at least six times, yet it is not one of my favorite steakhouses in Philly.

What I like about Capital Grille:
- The mahogany decor that gives off the serious and sophisticated vibe. A hot spot!
- The killer Crème Brûlée. Be warned though, the best part is the crunchy, caramelized, burnt sugar on the top, so if you get it, proceed with caution.
-  Lobster Bisque. Very rich with plenty of Lobster meat.
- Too lazy to decide what to eat? Stuck in an endless loop of traditional Filet mignon? (Zzzzz boring) Try the Sliced Filet Mignon with Cipollini Onions and Wild Mushrooms. You're welcome!
- The Grille's Signature Cheeseburger with Parmesan Truffle Fries. Oh, and hopefully you don't mind burger, cheese, and Truffle Fries joining in as well. Yeah, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't mind. P.S : if the burger was cooked to the right desired temperature. 

What I don't like about Capital Grille:
- It is a chain restaurant. I never been a chain restuarant fan. I don't understand why my friends don't get that when they take me out. sigh!
- At our staff luncheon, we ordered nine Grille's Signature Cheeseburger. All nine cheeseburgers were undercooked. 
- Clam Chowder. Nothing special. 
- Service Can be hit or miss.

Pro Tip: 
Score a table during Winter/ Spring Restaurant weeks.
Score a table pre concert for less than $40/ person.

Three and Three Quarters Yelps
Stopped in for the plates menu.  I don't get to lunch in CC very much during the week so when I get the chance, I like to take full advantage of this city's offerings.

Personally, I think that being able to dine at the Capital Grille for $18 (current price) is one heck of a bargain.  At our event there, we got to sample some of the new plate menu offerings and I knew I was destined to have seconds.

A new addition was the asparagus soup.  I'm normally used to a chilled asparagus soup but this one was warm.  It was outrageously good.  Bright green, creamy and a few tender stalks of asparagus chopped up.  Great start.

We got the miniature filet mignon sandwiches and the lobster roll.  The lobster roll definitely won on presentation but the entrees were equally delicious.  I got a perfect medium rare on the sandwiches and the lobster roll had massive chunks of lobster in it.  Light, refreshing and made me wish I lived in Maine (for a second)

The truffle fries were pretty awesome.  They were crispy and had enough truffle presence to satisfy any palate.  The french green bean were stewed with tomatoes and onion and helped lighten the meal while still delivering flavor.

This was a solid lunch and at a price point that I believe to be a true steal.  If you have the day off and feel like treating yourself, it's well worth it.
Capital Grill is one of the major high end steakhouse chains.  They have locations all over the country and I have had the pleasure of dining in six or eight of them.  Their major competitors are Morton's and Ruth's Chris.  Like all high end steakhouses, if you're worried about the bill, don't go!

I'll keep this review short and sweet.  I'd go here before a Morton's or Ruth's every time.  The service is better.  The food is much better.  The overall experience is just more enjoyable. 
 
The Philadelphia Capital grill has two points worth mentioning.  First, at peak times it can be noisy.  I'd suggest visiting mid-week if you would like a quieter experience.  Second, the Philly location has an nice pre-theater menu.  It's an excellent value at $39.00.
Mixed bag roller coaster ride of highs and lows, typical for this brand. Don't miss the Strawberries and Cream (add mint, balsamic reduction and black pepper).

ARRIVAL
* valet is $24, not related to restaurant. Time your departure because it takes 20-25 minutes to pull your car
* coat check available, so no need to leave your stuff in your car
* check-in took 12 minutes and we had a reservation. so sick of "we'll be ready for you shortly". Send us to the bar for a drink if it's not ready!
* asked for a quiet table, but there's no such thing in this madhouse of a steakhouse turned pricey diner.

AT THE TABLE
* martinis will arrive in the shaker, so be ready for a glass of water when you do eventually get to it
* machine ice for rocks drinks, so again be ready for watery booze

MAINS
* bone-in ribeye was far too fatty for my normal mid-rare. Parts were raw and others were gristle and all fat
* gratin potatoes covered with cakey breadcrumbs. but that's not gratin.
* mashed potatoes were little better than grocery's grab-and-go packs. Gluey and sticky. YUCK.

BEST FOR LAST -- DESSERT: Strawberries and Cream
So glad to have ordered this.
* fresh, ripe and flavorful strawberries
* rich, thick cream
* add mint, freshly-cracked black pepper, and ask for the balsamic reduction.
Perfection!

TIP
Get a free dessert by telling them it's your birthday. Every table around us was having a birthday. So lucky!
Moving always means i find things i lost and can now use or i lose things i need and wont find them until i move again. 
I found my certificate from our Yelp Elite Party Last year. I took my favorite yelper Callan to lunch yesterday. We had a reservation so were seated right away in the rear of the restaurant. Our server was efficient and knew the menu pretty well. 
We did the plates and our options were pretty good . I will say the wine list by the glass is way overpriced even for CG . the white options mostly all Chardonnay and all California is not my cup of tea. I did end up with a pinot gris from oregon but at 11 a glass i expected better. I think they should re vamp the list ( ASAP) 
we both started with the field greens which apparently to CG means romaine lettuce (not cool) the dressing was was delish but the salad was overflowing with two of my least favorite things (cukes and tomatoes) I didn't eat much of the salad but i wanted to save room for my scallops and green beans anyway.
The scallops came with roasted tomatoes and quinoa. The scallops ( bay) were seared and seasoned well. The quinoa i felt was just unnecessary there was way to much on the plate and it was luke warm. The green beans were bright and crisp probably the best thing i ate for lunch. The truffle fries were good and the lobster roll Callan ordered was pretty legit. I might come back for HH or something along those lines but lunch was 60 including tip and I have had better lunches in the city for alot less.
I was honestly a bit disappointed in my trip to The Capital Grille, a place I've been to quite a few times in the past. (Ambience 5/5)

The Capital Grille has wonderful steaks, it's one of my favorite in the city but this trip left a lot to be desired.

The service was good but not up to par from what I'm used to. I won't get too into details but working in the hospitality industry changes my perspective a bit. I also fully admit that my complaints are completely first world problems so I feel completely pretentious doing so. That being said there's a certain expectation that comes with the price point. 

The only thing I'll say about the service is that when the water person (not sure of the proper name for this, maybe the busser?) came over to fill up our glasses, she was reaching over people and not going around. This ended up with her knocking over a water glass. She's lucky the water glass was empty. The server herself also made a few mistakes but nothing egregious. (Service 2/5)

I ordered the Filet Mignon. Something different this time. I ordered it medium rare and it came out more medium well. This was quite disappointing. We had a party of eight with seven filet mignons all ordered (six bone in filets) medium rare so it's hard to imagine the kitchen screwing this up. 

We also ordered the Tuna Tartare appetizer, and the clam chowder. Both of these were spectacular. I highly recommend the tuna tartare if you're a raw fish person. Our sides were also quite good except for the sauteed spinach which was only average (Food 3/5).

We ordered a bottle of wine and no mixed drinks so I could not score them on this part. Extensive wine list is impressive, though. 

Overall, a disappointing night. Service and my filet mignon left a lot to be desired. The appetizers and the side dishes were good, however.
BEST DEAL IN PHILADELPHIA FOR RESTAURANT WEEK!!!! 3 courses for $35 is an F'n steal when you consider that entrees start around $50 here. From start to finish, the service was amazing. They make sure you never want or need anything. $9 glasses of wine for restaurant week are served in extra large glasses. What an excellent value!!! For restaurant week you get a choice of a soup or salad. The clam chowder was chunky and filled with fresh clams and potatoes.  For my entree I ordered the 8oz Filet Mignon. This steak melted in my mouth and sliced like butter under my knife. The portion was perfect for a female at dinner- a man may need a larger portion. For a dinner for two- they bring over 2 complimentary sides to share. (Green beans and mashed potatoes.)  For dessert I chose the Creme Brulee- not much to mention here. It was fabulous and was the perfect culmination to my meal. I couldn't be more pleased with my experience at the Capital Grille. What an amazing evening!!!
The Capital Grille would most certainly be a four or five star yelp experience if not for the fact that coming in it carries high expectations.  It is a classy and expensive steak house.  

Don't come here expecting a cheap evening unless you don't plan on eating.  Do come expecting top notch service and steak prepared exactly as ordered.  And if you can, come here on the company dime!
Due to lack of things to do, I've really dug deep to finish these drafts of venues that aren't just in another city from the past, but also places that don't even exist anymore...Capital Grille is in the former in this case.

I was only here once, a spur of the moment visit where I wasn't in proper dress code, but they were kind to let me in. I was with a few other girls, and come to think of it, none of us were properly dressed (I was covered decently at least but I cannot say the same for the other people I was with).* 
 
Since I was still in my chicken phase, I remember ordering that dish (whatever it was at the time) as the girls loaded up on martini's and steaks. Back in this day, we girls still ate meat. They lied to the server about me by telling them it was my birthday (it sure wasn't) and they brought me a slice of key lime pie (which I don't eat but to be in the spirit, took a few bites and let them finish it off).

Besides that, the service to us was great, the men sitting around us were cordial as they can be to females who invaded their domain, and I don't have any complaints. 

*This is the kind of visit you have when you go with a bunch of strippers from Delilah's.
Came here for Restaurant Week, and was very pleasantly surprised by how generous they were with their portions. I ordered the kona-crusted steak - pretty good, but my friend's filet was much better. We also got sides of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes for the table, both of which were bangin' and totally deserve a special mention here. As for the before and after - the clam chowder and creme brulee were both pretty tasty.

I liked the interiors - dark, woody, sort of a classic steakhouse look. The service was good and I had a really good experience.
I recently had the opportunity to visit the Capital Grille with my girlfriend.  'Twas my birthday, and we had decided to splurge.    My love for this restaurant is never ending, and my birthday dinner did not disappoint.  So file this review under "gushing", as I drool just recalling the meal.

We started with lamb lollipops which were cooked to perfection, juicy  and crispy at the same time.  I don't think I've had them better prepared.  We then moved on to some of the largest shrimp I've had, which were fantastic and fresh.  We coupled this with a Wedge, which is simply Nature's Blue-cheese delivery device.  The lettuce was fresh, the dressing creamy and rich, overwhelming it's crispy, green counterpart with every forkful.  

After this impressive opening round, it was time for the main show:  The Kona-rubbed sirloin.  I still contend that this is one of the best steaks one can buy, and it easily holds it's own with the offerings at other steakhouses here in Philadelphia and in New York.  I had it prepared medium rare, and it came as exactly as such;  Every kona-flavored bite was heaven.  My girlfriend went with the pan-seared tuna, which was fantastic as well, though it did not appease my carnivorous delight as the steak did. I was at a steakhouse, and I was focused on steak.  A single word was not spoken while I enjoyed this beautiful cut of meat.

While attempting to recover from the aforementioned bovine-based bliss, they brought out a slice of cheesecake as a birthday surprise.  While this may seem a bit over the top given the amount we had both eaten at this point, we soldiered forth, disregarding our own well-being and enjoying every creamy, sweet, and tart bite.

The service was impeccable and extremely attentive without being overwhelming, as I have come to expect at the Capital Grille.  We even had the opportunity to chat with one of the managing partners, Miguel, for a bit.  Definitely one of the best and most memorable meals I have had, and an excellent birthday.
Short and sweet update almost 5 years later. Returned for a restaurant week dinner with the family. We got a cozy, charming table towards the back with flawless service. 

Ironically, I ordered similarly and couldn't have asked for a better filet (unless it was wagyu, I suppose). Top notch clam chowder and a flourless cake where I didn't miss the flour.

Maybe my 5 years of age helped me get better service, or I previously caught them on a bad night; but Capital Grille is one of the top (chain) steakhouses in Philly.
After seeing this as one of the top-rated steakhouses in the city in Philadelphia magazine, I was excited to try it out for Restaurant Week. Now if you've read my review for Le Bec-Fin, you will know that I am generally hesitant about the quality, variety, and serving size of Restaurant Week food. But Capital Grille proved me wrong.

The food was amazing and the portions were surprisingly generous. We all ordered the clam chowder, which was light and creamy, but packed with flavor. I had the 8oz filet, seasoned perfectly and cooked to a great medium rare. I tasted the other entrees - the 10oz kona-crusted sirloin and the grilled chicken with tomato relish, and they were both very, very tasty. I'm not a big fan of spice rubs on meat but this was done quite nicely, I did like the added texture of the crust. The sides of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were also very good.

The dessert was nothing too crazy but the entrees (especially considering it was Restaurant Week) definitely garner this place five stars. Bonus points for being able to chill near the bar and watch Monday Night Football while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.
Choosing to eat here for thanksgiving dinner was my mistake-- but everything else that went wrong was theirs. 

Under normal circumstances and maybe under normal menu items capital grille earns a good reputation. I've had some of the more common dishes and never been disappointed, actually I liked them a lot. However, the thanksgiving dinner was cold, ill-prepared, poorly and disproportionately presented when served to two of our guests, and somehow the service that came with it was equally incomplete. It was my fault to assume that they could do thanksgiving dinner just as good as they do their regular lunch menu. 

To keep it short- some food was cold, some was forgotten, some more was forgotten after that, some was overcharged for, and there wasn't a single smile from anyone the entire tonight, except maybe the hostess. Despite speaking to our server about seven different times, it was clear he simply didn't want to be there. And while we may have been partially to blame for picking a 9pm dinner, speaking as someone who paid over a hundred dollars for undeniably poor food and service, I don't feel the restaurant has any defense. I won't be coming back here.

Capital Grille isn't doing anyone a favor by serving thanksgiving dinner. My guess is they're probably forcing employees to work on a holiday when they don't want to and in turn are letting down a large portion of their guests with highway robbery for cold food and even colder glances. To any managers feeling the burning need to rebut the truth, the simple answer is this: refund.
No restaurant is ever perfect. Any restaurant can make a mistake. It's how the restaurant remedies a mistake that will determine its level of excellence. So here's the story.....

About a month back I was in the city with my father-in-law to see the Mark Knopfler concert at the Academy of Music. After the show we decided to grab a late night bite. Being that The Capital Grille was close, we decided to eat there. It was about 10:00pm and we had no problem getting a table and were promptly seated by the hostess and given menus. After about almost 15  we realized that no waiter had come to the table. We asked a passing bus boy to grab our waiter. A waiter quickly came over to see what the problem was. We explained to him that no one had come to take our order yet. 

It seemed there had been a mix up between two waiters who were splitting our seating area as to who was waiting on our table. He couldn't be more apologetic. Within one minute there were two mini crab cakes at our table followed by prosciutto wrapped mozzarella and fried calamari. All of which was delicious. And all of which was completely comped. We weren't looking for any comped food but were more than happy to accept it. We followed with two delicious steaks. After the meal was complete two mini cheesecakes and flourless chocolate cakes arrived at the table. Comped. 

That folks, is how you remedy a mistake. We were completely blown away with the service that meal. All we wanted to do was place our order, and would have been happy to do so. Our waiter went above and beyond to make sure it was the most pleasurable meal we could have had, and indeed it was. That's the sign of an excellent restaurant with excellent staff. I will surely be returning!
All I can say is whip out your fancy pants and come have a great meal at Capital Grille. I came to have lunch with my sister in law and I thought this was just going to be a high class red lobster. Well, let's just say, I'm glad I didn't completely slack on my outfit bc I would've felt completely out of place.

The entrance is right on Market, lots of parking lots in this area as well. We had to make a reservation for lunch bc it was restaurant week and all the places downtown book up quickly. We were sat promptly and our various servers were always keeping our water filled and asking if we needed anything else. So above all, the service was amazing. 

As for the food, I started with the clam chowder which was delicious. I assume the regular (non-restaurant week) portion is much bigger bc it was $12 on the menu for a bowl as big as a tea cup. Nonetheless, the flavor was excellent, creamy but not overwhelming. My sister in law upgraded to the lobster bisque and was not every impressed, as it only brought 2 small chunks of lobster.

As for my entree, I had the steak salad with arugula, fresh mozzarella and roasted peppers. I really enjoyed the salad portion, the dressing was soft enough to enjoy the salad. I wasn't a fan of the steak though, very bland, I had to add both salt and pepper. I know that a good cut of steak doesn't need much, but AT LEAST some salt and pepper. 

Dessert was really the highlight of the meal, which was the flourless expresso and chocolate cake. This was a very indulgent ending to a semi bland meal. This was a "stick to the roof of your mouth" thick chocolate cheesecake. I personally enjoyed it very much, but I know many people don't like that overwhelming flavor. 

I would really love to give Capital Grille 4 or 5 stars but aside from the service, there was nothing mind blowing about the food. I'm really glad I was able to try it out during restaurant week before dropping any serious cash on their regular menu.
We went to Capital Grille for restaurant week. Our reservations where for 9:15. We arrived on time and got a drink at the bar. Four couples came in after us and had later reservations. ( we where standing there) (I could hear). We get seated at 9:50. Our sever was Bob and he was good. We where obviously his last table and he kept disappearing. We where actually the last people in the whole restaurant. The waiter smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The bill was over 200 even at restaurant week. The food was excellent, but the wait, the disappearing waiter, and the cigarette smell. That's what I think about now. Not the food.
My fiance and I went here for dinner to celebrate our engagement.  I had booked through OpenTable and included a request in the notes for seating in the head waiter's section, or one of the more desirable seating areas of the restaurant since it was such a special occasion.  Not only did they accommodate this request with a nice private table adjacent to the wine cellar, they presented us with a handwritten card on the table congratulating us, a single rose centerpiece, multiple congratulations from different staff members from the host, to the person filling our water, and of course our server.  Those nice touches were very much appreciated.  Our server, Monique, was very personable, knowledgeable, and made our experience very enjoyable.  The food was top-notch:

First Course - Steak Tartare with Truffled Devil Egg & Lobster Bisque

Second Course - Dry Aged Sirloin Steak with Gorgonzola glaze, Delmonico Steak(both prepared Medium-Rare and cooked perfectly), Roasted Wild Mushrooms, and White Cheddar and Bacon Twice-Baked Potato

Third Course - we drank our desert!  

In addition to the wine and cocktails we ordered (also very good), we were provided a complimentary glass of champagne to celebrate our engagement as well.  

All in all, we could not have had a better dining experience and really felt that they went above and beyond to take care of us and to make it a special evening.
I don't need to say more than Great!  Of course you'll love this restaurant because even as big as they are they care about what the put out to the public and that speaks volumes.  Plus they have a top notch wine list that can only be accompanied by the Vitis wine glasses.
Honesty, if you mostly eat at chain places, I guess this is a really super nice chain restaurant, which it is. If you've been to some of the amazing restaurants the city has to offer, than this falls short. 

Me and my boyfriend were so excited because of all the great reviews, and we settled into the restaurant with high hopes. the ambiance of the restaurant is good, the service was great, not complaints - until we got our food.

DONT GET ME WRONG, it was not bad food - it was mediocre. severely mediocre, which is find - unless you're paying that much. 

Neither me and my boyfriend have any problem paying for a very expensive meal, and believe me we've paid more, but for this kind of food - it was just not worth it. 

I know I may be the odd one out here by not raving about it, but I won't lie - we were both disapointed. If you're going out for a really nice dinner and are planning on spending this month, take my advice and go have dinner at Lacroix or Estia or any of the other fabulous restaurants in the city.
I came to the Capital Grille recently on the recommendation of a friend who is a regular at the restaurant. It's a bit out of my usual budget, but we were there to take advantage of the Restaurant Week special ($35/three courses) and I left feeling very warm and fuzzy with the overall experience.

I took advantage of the lobster bisque soup addition to their menu, and also opted for the filet mignon served with haricots vert and mashed potatoes. My steak was perfectly cooked the way I wanted it, and so tender that it melted in the mouth. The soup was loaded with lobster meat, so creamy and amazing.

We were also able to try the proscuitto-wrapped mozzarella appetizer, which was sooo decadent and rich, but by far the most memorable part of the meal. The espresso chocolate cake dessert was also one of the best tortes I've ever had, hands down. I have to admit that I was staring forlornly at my empty plate after everything was gone!

The staff simply dote on you throughout the meal. It's incredibly pleasing without being over the top or intrusive, and they're very quick to fix a mistake when we pointed it out (one of our dining companions received the wrong dessert -- back it went with wholehearted apologies!).

For a high-end steakhouse, the Capital Grille is an outstanding treat and beyond. I'd highly recommend it for anyone who's looking for a classy old-school experience.
The Capital Grille is as good as a steakhouse can get. I've been to the restaurant a number of times in various cities and everything has been delicious! Throughout my visits, some of the items I've ordered include the crab cakes, delmonico steak, filet mignon, sea bass, and my favorite, steak tartare. The Capital Grille is very classy and has a very sophisticated interior. The staff is also very friendly and informative about the menu. Always a great experience at The Capital Grille!

Food Rating:5/5
Service Rating: 5/5
Ambiance Rating: 5/5
Our waiter was extremely attentive and nice, so kudos for that.

My sister requested dinner at The Capital Grille because she stated she has been to other locations and "they're amazing!" so of course we honor her request and head down there. 

My sister and my boyfriend both got the delmonico steak. I got the filet "oscar style"  which is topped with crab and grilled asparagus, if you didn't know. My parents (we decided to drag them along as a belated 35th wedding anniversary dinner) got a porterhouse and a regular filet.

They all enjoyed their food, especially my sister who was grinning from ear to ear and actually almost ate her whole steak which is a feat in itself because she is a very small eater. My parents really enjoyed the various breads and kept asking us the prices (we didn't give them a menu because we knew they'd flip out if they saw prices... they're sheltered and very thrifty/frugal).

Boyfriend and I ate all of our food because we were hungry but we gave each other the knowing look. We've had better. He said his dry-aged didn't seem like it was really dry-aged. My crab on top of my steak was good but I needed to put more salt on it, which is something I never had to do at other high-end steak places. I won't drop names here, but feel free to check out my other reviews that have received 4-5 stars.

Overall, the food is very good but considering other high-end steak places in the area generally in the same price range..... I'd rather go somewhere else.
Capital Grille is one of our "go to" restaurants. My only complaint about this location is the size of the bar...way too small! We end up going to Del Frisco's for cocktails and then here for dinner. 

It was probably our third time at this location. We also frequent the Las Vegas and Tampa locations. 

Our server Rob was fantastic. Really great service. Good personality. Very knowledgeable and friendly. 

I always get the filet, cooked perfectly. We also got the lobster Mac and Cheese. As always amazing, worth every penny.

We will be back!
The Capital Grille is one of the top 5star restaurant in 
The city of Philadelphia, I took my mom and my fiancé 
There for Mother's Day weekend the food was exquisite 
The atmospheres was beautiful and waitress was real nice  she explained about our order that which you understand what you was getting and her name was Jill had a beautiful time there. I would recommend The Capital Grille to all of my friends and family. Dennis
sometimes, all one craves is a well done piece of meat. mmmmm...meat.

multitudes of us poor resident-types showed up for a job recruiting event.  the private room was a tad on the small side for how many of us were there.  but hey, free steak does attract quite the grouping.

the servers kept the alcohol a-flowing (but took us until the main course to get the iced tea i wanted!)
we had the crabcakes, shrimp cocktail, bruschetta, fried calamari as appetizers, followed by the house salad.  I shared a filet and dry aged sirloin with one of my coworkers with sides of mashed potatoes, spinach, and roasted mushrooms, and dessert was either the flourless espresso cake or cheesecake.

whew, i just felt like finished a huge round of namedropping, but instead, i was food-name-dropping!
in any case, the appetizers were super tasty, especially the crabcakes (i think i ate 3)...my steak was cooked perfectly, and despite what everyone says about filet being the most tender cut of beef, they make a pretty mean sirloin as well.  (oh, i had the kona crusted steak whilst in chicago, and that was amazing as well!)...

so tasty.  so old school fancy.  i wanted a mahogany chair and a cigar too, and to maybe drink a sidecar or whiskey on ice.  i'd also want to go home wearing opera length gloves.  (do these things come with my meal?)

so yes, capital grille.  you are fancy, you are nice.  but sadly, i cannot afford you all the time on my lonesome.
The food was good but the service wasn't the best. We never got water refills and our waitress disappeared for long periods of time. We could never find her to order our food or get drinks. The dinner lasted 2.5 hours because of this which was way too long for our schedule on that particular night. 

The waitress did accommodate my allergies but asked me if they were real. What? Of course they are real. It freaked me out and made me not want to eat there again.  If they aren't going to take me seriously or they do so reluctantly, no thanks. I didn't get sick,  but I won't be back.
This is going to be the easiest review so far lol. This place is great. Excellent service, great food, nice atmosphere. Pricey but if you wanna eat like a king you gotta pay. Honestly I have nothing else. This place is a good example of how a restaurant should be run. I am sure I will have many more opportunities to dine here again and I can't wait.
I generally don't like chain restaurants, but Capital Grill is an exception. It's the definition of a great steakhouse.

You can't beat their $18 lunch deal. You get soup or salad, along with a sandwhich. The New England Clam chowder is the best I've tasted outside of New England. The steak sliders on the lunch menu are outstanding.

For dinner you can choose from an array of amazing cooked to order steaks, followed by delicious large portion desserts. 

If every chain restaurant was like this one I wouldn't be so biased against chains.
Decent food, impeccable service.

The food is a pricey, but always delicious.

I came for lunch recently and had the Seared Salmon with Avocado, Mango, and Tomato salad.  A little smaller than I expected (especially for $21), and the mango wasn't perfectly ripe, but it was still really yummy.  I also had the house made grapefruit soda and it was awesome.  Not too sweet and perfectly refreshing.  

You cannot go wrong with a steak here, when i come for dinner, that is what I usually opt for.  The steak is almost always perfection.  Creamed Spinach is my favorite side.

You will feel like a VIP when you dine here, as the servers are wonderful.
I certainly recommend coming here for a nice dinner out or a special date night!!
I don't like when places try to seat a single diner at the bar or in a bad spot.  I was asked if I wanted to sit at bar .  Ok, no. Then in an nearly empty place at 5 I was seated right next to 2 women on a banquette.  Why?  I did not see any other diners and singles tend to eat quickly and leave.

But service was excellent.  Loved the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella !!!!!  Artichoke soup was only ok.  Bread excellent !
Not too shabby! We only went there once but we were really impressed. The wait time was not bad and the meal was great!
The Capital Grille is a solid steak house with great food and staff. However, it is a chain and with that there will be some minor downsides.

I came here for my birthday and was in for a treat. I was greeted by the site of two large lion sculptures outside the building and friendly valet staff. 
Inside, the bar was pretty awesome. It had a bunch of TVs, showing all the sports games. I especially liked how they shows the Penn State game. The bar gave me good vibes and put me off to a good start. 

I was seated in a beautiful room with mahogany finishes and oil portraits. The staff put some minor birthday decorations on the table with a little birthday card. I really appreciated that. 

My server Michael was very polite and helpful. He knew the menu so well and gave my party some great recommendations. 

I started off with some drinks that were from the bar. I'm not a drinker so I had a non-alcoholic bar drink. It was delicious. It had a splash of Ginger-ale and it was topped off with a maraschino cherry. 

My appetizer was superb. I had a cup of the squash soup. It was so creamy and had flavor topped off with little chunks of squash on the top and bottom. If you ever have ever had Panera Bread's excellent Autumn Squash Soup, the Capital Grille's is very similar.

I was very excited to try their filet mignon. I think I was a little too excited. It was one tasty steak, but not the best I have had. However, their sides were just fantastic. Their creamed spinach was so flavorful and went perfect with the steak. Even better than the creamed spinach was their Brussels sprouts. They were warm and had a delicious honey glaze. I couldn't get enough of them. 

Finally, I had a little bit of their cheesecake, chocolate cake and fruit dish for desert. Unfortunately, the restaurant lost a star in this category. The cheesecake was good not great, but it had a weird "crust" on top that was dreadful. The chocolate cake was above average, had a nice texture, but truly lacked flavor.
Finally, the best out of all the deserts was the fruit dish. Strawberries, blueberries and raspberries topped off with a delicious fruit sauce. So good. 

Finally, I wish the restaurant provided mints or candies with the bill or available to take at the front desk. A restaurant that perfects that is Steve and Cookies. 

Altogether, this restaurant is very, very good and would definitely return. However, be ready to spend some money. If you don't have a surplus of money I wouldn't come here. Make sure you get the Brussels sprouts!
You know what really grinds my gears? Inattentive service. 
-------
this review has as much to do with the food, as it does the customer service (or lack thereof).  Why? Because this is a hospitality industry. If I just wanted to eat a steak and fries, I could have cooked the food myself at home (maybe not as well, but certainly not as much money, either).

Food 
-Porterhouse: cooked very well. When they say medium rare (warm red center), they mean it! 
-Wagyu beef carpaccio: interesting, but the beef slices were so thin as to not impart any "beefiness". However, if the point was to show how it melts in your mouth, then mission accomplished. 
-Oysters: very fresh. Slightly briny. Amazing red vinegar-based sauce (with shallots)
-Truffle fries! Awesome. 
-complimentary flourless chocolate cake (all birthday revelers received a slice)

post dinner Service
they were nice enough to snap a pic of me and my girlfriend (my old smartphone camera doesn't handle low lighting situations at all). However, they neglected to send the pics for over a week - despite 4-5 separate calls to them, each time receiving a promised call back. I have major beef with this. If you don't plan on following through with a promised service, then don't offer it at all. Many restaurants serve delicious food; if you want to stay in the big leagues (eg, charge $175 for dinner), there is no excuse for slacking even on the smallest detail. It took a chance encounter with the marketing manager to fix this (who was at least nice enough to rectify and apologize for others' incompetence).
So upon getting my parents a gift certificate here to expand their palate to let them know that Red Lobster is not "fine dining" I noticed that people had their own "lockers".
 
OK people, how PRETENTIOUS is this? I've eaten at the finest places in Philly and must say that I proudly do not eat at chain restaurants and now I see why. A wine locker? Are you HIGH? You're a CHAIN! Your best dish is surf and turf for Christ sake.

Peoples own wine lockers. You people gotta be f#$%^in nutz. The only thing that separates you from Outback Steakhouse is the price tag.
I went here for an impromptu Valentine's Day lunch in 2012. My date and I were not properly dressed but the service we received was still exceptional.
( there were no why are you in here dressed like that stares) 
We originally anticipated going to Dave and Busters but plans changed.

Our waiter supplied my date with a rose for me and was very attentive. I would definitely return, properly dressed of course.
I honestly can't say much more about the Capital Grille that already hasn't been said. We went there last night to celebrate a friends birthday. They easily accommodated our party of 10 and kept things moving along fairly well.

The food pretty much spoke for itself. Everyone at the table ordered filet's and all were cooked exactly as requested. I ordered mine oscar style and it came topped with enormous chunks of crab and a very tasty bernaise sauce. Delicious to the very last bite. Absolutely no complaints regarding our meals. However....

Service, in my opinion, was not really up to snuff. Here's the deal. I've been to many a restaurant. One thing that irks me is when I order a drink and ask for something simple yet specific please bring me what I ordered. The culprit? My request of a vodka tonic with Kettle One vodka and a LEMON. What did I get? A vodka tonic with Grey Goose and a lime. Yeah, I know. Kind of petty right? Yes. But when you are charging a premium for your drinks, bring me what I ordered. Just because the others in our party who ordered drinks made with vodka requested Grey Goose doesn't mean that everyone wants it. That's my first beef. (haha, unintended pun, I'm silly..)

The second? Please, for the love of god, don't reach OVER me or anyone else to place plates, silverware, drinks, food, etc. I have no desire to smell your armpits while you're reaching over me to place a steak knife or to refill the water of the person sitting next to me. Again, I know, a petty thing. But it is just annoying when you are in mid conversation and you have an arm thrust in front of your face. I expect a higher level of service from a high end steakhouse. 

But, those little things did not ruin the night. Again, the food was excellent. Lobster crab cakes (more lobster/crab than filling),  deliciously executed au gratin potato's and a perfectly cooked filet oscar style all in the company of great friends? Life really doesn't suck at those moments.

Definitely worth another trip back.
Capital Grille is a pretty decent steak house.  Very business-like setting, very manly feel to the place.  Also conveniently located as a pre-show meal to performance centers like the KImmel on the Ave of the Arts, which is what drew me here.
In Philadelphia, I would say that Capital Grille is a step up from Ruth's Chris, Sullivans and Mortons.  It is on par with Smith & Wollensky's.  And finally is a few steps down from Barclay Prime.
Did I have a good steak at Capital?  Yes.  Was it cooked to my specification & of a nice quality?  Yes.  Was it one of the best steaks I've ever dined on?  Nope.  Was it particularly memorable or special?  No again.
So what did I have?  Well I tried the French Onion soup which was a really good traditional French onion soup, the cheese especially was melted to perfection.  I also tried the fresh mozzarella, tomato & basil  salad.  Started out pretty good, but was a little too filling & was a bit bland all in all.
For my steak I ordered the filet oscar (oscar being topped with lump crab meat).  Like the rest of the dishes it was good, but not outstanding.  Your usual high quality cut of beef.  I became quite full while eating it & didn't bother to finish.  It wasn't so amazing I was willing to force it down my throat.
We ordered a side of potatoes au gratin.  These were quite tasty but outrageously hot.  It was a good 10 minutes or so until I was able to comfortably eat them.
I do have to say that as far as the soups & salads go, the portions were of a generous size.  Now the sides are meant to be a larger portion because they are meant to be shared, but not so with the rest of the dishes like the salads & appetizers.  So, always nice to get a lil more bang for your buck.

Like everything else at Capital the service was definitely good but not spectacular.
Same with decor (actually, bug thumbs down to all the taxidermy!!), same with oh...everything at Capital Grille.

In the end, yes its a very nice traditional (business-y) steakhouse & while I wouldn't recommend against going, one visit was enough for me.  If I want to spend decent money on a good steak dinner there are places I feel are more worthwhile.
Purely about the service:

I took my customers here. Reserved their board room. They had a minimum of 1500$ before tips and taxes. Which I agreed assuming they will inform if we haven't crossed the limit. But that's exactly what happened. We were 300$-400$ short of the allocated budget. But we weren't informed but was added to the bill as "unmet minimum" - 316.56$. Yes I agree I should checked the bill but we just stuck in the card and realized the next day. I called Ryan Walker - manager. He said it was a mistake that the waiter didn't inform us that we didn't reach the required limit and said he will speak to his owner and figure out a way to compensate this. I followed up 3 times and every time he was apologetic and promised he will call back but never did. We planned for monthly dinner meetings but because of this service I wouldn't be taking them there again.
The Capital Grille is a great steakhouse in Philadelphia.  The steakhouse is located on the Avenue of the Arts in Philadelphia and provides a fancy, upscale dining experience.  I have been to this steakhouse on many occasions but will only discuss the food from the most recent experience.  As always, I had very good service from the front door to the server.  The restaurant is a decent size so every time I eat here I end up in some other corner no matter how many people are eating here.  I don't mind it as it adds a new visual perspective to the meal but now on to the food.

During my most recent experience, I ordered the steak tartare with truffle deviled egg for my appetizer and the special bone-in filet available that night.  The steak tartare was very good with a layer of egg underneath it to add flavor as well as one truffle deviled egg which was delicious as I really enjoy the flavor of truffles in my food.  As for my steak, I order it medium rare so it comes nice and reddish but melts in your mouth.  I really enjoyed the steak and ate as much of it as I could before I felt full to the brim.  I will say that once I had a Delmonico steak here and it was actually not very good at all so I haven't messed with it since then but I usually have a great experience with any other steak.  I usually skip dessert here to avoid the calories but I'm sure some of it is decent. 

Overall, I recommend The Capital Grille to anyone looking for a good steakhouse meal in Philadelphia.
If I were rating this reastaurant on food alone it would be 5 stars for sure! Unfortunately the placement of my chair is altering my overall experience. We had a party of 5 and were seated in the middle room near the kitchen. I sadly had the chair in the main walkway for the waiters, I even got elbowed in the head one time but they were very apologetic. So, goes without saying I would have enjoyed a different location but overall, still liked the restaurant and adored the food!!

I had a bottle of Jacob Riesling from Australia that was lovely! The house breads which were so warm and tasty with a greens salad to start. For my main course I had the sliced filet with mushrooms and onions - one of the best filets I can remember having...ever! The table also shared night special green beans and mashed potatoes, both yummo!! The potatoes were ao rich and creamy! I could easily have those with any meal - even breakfast! 

The meal was not overwhelming so I had plenty of room for dessert and glad I did! The fresh strawberries and cream was the perfect ending to this delightful meal. They were huge Lucious strawberries and the cream was the perfect topping.

I would suggest this restaurant for a nice night out with family or on a romantic date. The location in center city is bustling and added a pretty touch to the evening!
Purely about the service:

I took my customers here. Reserved their board room. They had a minimum of 1500$ before tips and taxes. Which I agreed assuming they will inform if we haven't crossed the limit. But that's exactly what happened. We were 300$-400$ short of the allocated budget. But we weren't informed but was added to the bill as "unmet minimum" - 316.56$. Yes! I agree, I should checked the bill but we just stuck in the card and realized the next day. I called Ryan Walker - manager. He said it was a mistake that the waiter didn't inform us that we didn't reach the required limit and said he will speak to his owner and figure out a way to compensate this. I followed up 3 times and every time he was apologetic and promised he will call back but never did. We planned for monthly dinner meetings but because of this service I wouldn't be taking them their again. 

Update: It has been 3 months but no one ever reached back. Guess 300$ is more important than loosing customers. Guess they have enough customers at present :)
Capital Grille was the setting of one of the best meals I've ever had. A friend took me here for my birthday (yes, he was a very good friend) and the entire experience was simply fabulous. We got a very good red wine at the recommendation of the bartender while waiting for our table (unfortunately I can't remember what it was) and had a few more glasses after we were seated. I ordered lobster bisque to start with and I think I actually moaned when I took the first bite. It was thick and creamy, with big chunks of lobster meat nestled in it. I wanted to lick the bowl before the waiter took it away. My steak (a filet) was cooked to a perfect medium rare, exactly as I like it. It was so tasty that I didn't even need salt or pepper. Dessert was my favorite, a classic creme brulee with an expertly caramelized crust floating above decadent custard. If I could afford it, I'd eat here every week. The price tag and the slightly stuffy/conservative ambiance are the only drawbacks to dining here, but even that won't make me take a star away.
Had reservations for 7:45 pm on a Saturday evening and was seated promptly by friendly hostess. 

Our waiter Charlie was the absolute best!!!! He made our evening that much more enjoyable as he had a great personality, was on top of everything and super awesome too!

We each had cocktails to start and my gf and I shared oysters. Delicious and fresh. They put out a beautiful basket with all different kinds of bread. My gf bf had the bacon appetizer. I never saw anything like that before. He ate it all. I ordered the salad and tuna tartare. Delicious! My gf ordered the SeAred Sea Bass which came with asparagus. I had a bite and wanted more! Delicious!  My gf bf ordered steak with crabmeat which also came with asparagus! He said it was delicious but only could eat half as he was still full from appetizer.

This place is an upscale restaurant with upbeat vibe!

Highly recommend and ask for Charlie you wont be disappointed!
I never write reviews but after my experience tonight I had to. My girlfriend and I had a reservation for 6:30 on a Saturday (Valentine's Day weekend). 

When we arrived the lobby was packed and we were told we would have to wait 20 minutes to be seated. This was not a good way to start our night. Especially when we had booked our reservation months ago. It ended up taking a half hour to finally get seated.

We got seated in a side room near the front of the restaurant which had about 8 tables and a wall with floor to ceiling windows. Immediately we noticed how freezing cold the room was. We talked to the groups next to us and everyone was complaining about how cold it was in that room. Mind you it was about 18 degrees outside that night and the heat seemed to be broken in that room. 

At this point we have waited a half hour to be seated in a room that was as cold as a refrigerator. I immediately spoke to a manager and told them we needed a new table since this was unacceptable. I don't expect to be shivering while eating at a nice restaurant especially like this. The manager left and came back 10 minutes later with three space heaters which didn't seem to do a thing. We still insisted on getting another table. After waiting another 20 minutes we were shown to our new table in the back of the resturant.

It is now 7:30, an hour after our initial reservation, and we are just ordering our drinks. We order or drinks and then eventually our entrees. We started to realize it was taking a very long time for our meals to come out but thought that they were just busy.

Our steaks finally came out but we immediatiely noticed that they didn't look warm. I took a bite of my Kona and it was completely cold and my girlfriend's ribeye was the same. It wasn't even the slightest bit warm! It must have been sitting out for atleast 20 minutes for the center of a 3 inch thick steak to be cold. We told our waitress and sent both steaks back. 

A manager came over and we told him how terrible our experience was so far. I normally would be upset with this kind of situation but was especially displeased on what was suppose to be a special Valentine's day dinner. The manager apologized and brought out complimentary shrimp cocktail. The shrimp cocktail was pretty good but honestly at this point didn't make a huge difference about how upset we were over the whole night

At 8:30 (2 hours after our reservation) our new steaks came out. They were hot this time and tasted pretty good. However, they were nothing special compared to other high end chain steak houses. We then finished eating and ordered creme brulee for dessert which was the best part of the dinner.

Overall we were completely disappointed in Capital Grille. I would never go back to this location and probably wouldn't visit any other location. They should have never seated anyone in that first room with how absolutely cold it was. When you are going to a high end resturant you expect everything to reflect that cost. Also, there is no reason people should have to wait a half hour to be seated when they have reservations. I understand waiting a few minutes for a table to be cleared but a half hour is ridiculous. 

For anyone reading this just save your money and go to Del Friscos. The service, food and ambiance is much better.
I went here with a few fellow yelpers to take advantage of the plates menu for lunch.  We were seated in our own private room because that's how we roll.  I went with the salad, lobster roll, and green beans.  Note: these items had the least amount of calories.  I like knowing how many calories are in my food, and it definitely leads me to make better eating decisions, but I would have loved to order the burger guilt free.  I will say that the lobster roll was pretty good, very fresh and light.  The salad was pretty disappointing, just very boring, and the string beans were only okay, I can make better ones at home.  I tried a few truffle fries and I wasn't super impressed.  Service was good, and overall everyone enjoyed the meal.
Had dinner here last night at the bar.  The food here is always consistent, as is the service.  It's usually a go-to place for me when I travel almost anywhere in the US.   I've never had an issue with food, service, menu options or wine list in any capital grille. 

My issue was the fat slob at the table top in the bar area who was obnoxiously loud and drunk, often dropping F bombs during the conversation with his group.  I'm certainly no prude, but there should be a minimum level of decorum.   Their obnoxiousness and drunkenness certainly interrupted everyone's evening in he bar area.   So much for a relaxing dinner after a long day.  

To add insult to injury, when the slob's party left, he bellied up to the bar for one more martini....and could barely speak he was so drunk.  His speech was so slurred.....I'm not sure how he was able to stand up.  Yet, he was served.  So....the loud obnoxious behavior continued for that last martini, where he acted as if all the wait staff was his best friend.
3.5 stars 

Service was awesome! Love our waiter and the  basket of bread with amazingly soft butter! that was about it. 
I asked for a medium bone in filet mignon steak but it came out well done. So I didn't really get to enjoy what a good bone in filet mignon really is. I ate it half way and my boss asked the waiter to get me a new one that is actually a medium steak. It was less chewy this time but compared to the simply a filet mignon I had at the Capital Grille in Baltimore, MD, it's no where as good and since I was already half full from the "bad" steak I've lost my appetite when the correct steak was served. Quite a disappointment since I was waiting for good steak just like I had in Baltimore. 

I also got to try the lobster tail, it was just lobster tail. The meat was crisp and not soggy which meant they were fresh, good quality. I didn't see anything special about it though, I could have made that for myself easily at home. 

For the shared appetizer ahi tuna, it did not have enough flavor to make me want to eat the last piece of it. I had wayyyy better elsewhere. The calamari was somewhat soggy and served with poor presentation. If the chef took a little time to organize it a bit better it might have looked more appealing than that plate of messy fried stuff.
I'll keep this short because it's a pretty basic review.  I ate at Capital Grille this past weekend and was not impressed.  

Pros:  Delmonico  steak was good, french onion soup was good

Cons: I think waitress forgot to put in drink order, took about 15 minutes to get wine, french onion soup was served with a dessert spoon, would have complained but the waitress was MIA, au gratin potatoes were almost impossible to eat..entirely too salty and I love salt.  

Final thoughts:  I don't want to sound high maintenance but when you are paying over $40.00 for a steak, I expect excellent service, and potatoes that are edible.  I don't think that is too much to ask...
During Restaurant Week, I always try to hit Capital Grille for dinner, and it has yet to disappoint me. I've been there a number of times for both lunch and dinner, and the service is always amazing and the food is consistently on point. The only downside here is the price of a meal if you order off the normal menu, but you pay for what you get. 

When I went tonight for my 7pm reservation, I did have to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. However, this is the first time I've ever experienced a wait. At the table, we were given a very large bread basket with an assortment  to try- onion, fruit and nut, dinner rolls, and a crispy kind of flatbread. Usually I skip the bread to save my calories, but their bread is always served warm and is oh so delicious. 

I had the lobster bisque to start, followed by the filet mignon with mashed potatoes, and a piece of flour less chocolate espresso cake for dessert. The lobster bisque is always my favorite part of my meal while visiting Capital Grille. The base is rich and creamy, and there is always a very generous amount of lump lobster meat in it. The filet was perfectly cooked and the creamy mashed potatoes were the perfect accompaniment. The flour less chocolate cake does not have a  cake-like consistency at all, but is more of a fudge torte. Whatever it is, it's to die for! Even my date said that it was their favorite dessert ever- which is quite the compliment. 

Aside from the Restaurant Week menu, Capital Grille also has a great lunch menu that I often take advantage of. If you order off the Plates Menu, you can get a soup or salad and a main dish for $18, which is such a great deal considering the quality of the food you're getting. The lobster roll is good, though it is slightly difficult to eat because it is pretty giant sandwich packed with lobster- though I'm not sure if having too much lobster is really a negative here, or ever, for that matter. Most of the lunch sandwiches are served along with truffle fries. I know a lot of chefs look down on truffle oil, but these fries are amazing! They are always served hot and crispy, and are sprinkled with parmesan and a hint of the truffle oil.

I am already looking forward to the next Restaurant Week so that I can relive this amazing meal again!
I think my expectations were too high =( as this one of the top philly restaurants. If not wasn't for the location, service, atmosphere and dessert it would have gotten a 3, aka the food could be much, much better, at least for what I ordered (just FYI I don't eat red meat).

The bread rolls were hard, cold and old with a block of random butter, um, might have been better to actually NOT have a bread basket. My pet peeve for salads is lettuce with one type of other vegetable, and this place had it. That's the same equivalent as a McDonald's salad. Although the dressing was pretty good. Next were my scallops, which had 0 flavor. They were just nice and soft patties of white meat in random sauce. The butternut squash side dish was OK, but with very odd sour flavor at some bites. I tried the truffle fries, and those were really great. I heard the steak was pretty good from the others who ordered it at our table. 

Now for the awesome! The coconut cream pie was so good! Tons of flavor in the filing and crust (I would have been OK with reducing the whipped cream amount by 50% though). Next favorite was definitely the cheesecake, so light and fluffy! Then the creme brule was also delicious and sweet. The hazelnut chocolate cake was a bit dry and bitter, but pretty good. Also, our waiter was very attentive and had good recommendations.

So maybe if I was a steak eater and ordered other food I could have been more impressed, but it's still a nice restaurant to visit!
I love the location and ambiance. The staff is wonderful, makes you feel like you are VIP no matter what. The management is always on top, comes by the table to either wish you a happy birthday, or to ask how your visit is so far. They pay attention to details, remembering your name, what you love to order and even the ingredients you prefer to not be included. Absolutely the best steak in Philadelphia, always right and if at some fluke accident that it's not they correct it right away w/o questions. 

Amazing wine selection and the Stoli Doli is a must try!
The bone-in Kona is my favorite. The calamari is the best I've ever had. You cannot go wrong with any of the desserts selection.
The Capital Grille is a chain restaurant, owned by Darden(think Olive Garden & Red Lobster).  And if there is one thing that chain restaurants know how to do, it's save money on product.

At our table, three of us ordered filet mignon, only one of us actually received a filet.  Serving the mealy, stringy, butt end of the tenderloin as a filet is as deceptive and despicable, as anything I have ever seen in a restaurant, let alone a steak house. I was there as a guest and didn't want to insult my host, or, I would have paid for what I had consumed up to that point and walked out.  At some point, I will strongly suggest that my host discontinue taking clients to Capital Grille. As for myself and business partners, never entering another Capital Grille is a given.
Recently I had the pleasure of being invited to the Capital Grille for a friends birthday. I didn't really know what to expect, so I went into it with an open mind. We arrived for our 8:30pm reservation and were instructed that our table would be available shortly and were told to wait at the bar. This was somewhat off-putting, I mean what's the point of having a reservation, right?
 
 Before we got to the table, the bartender asked for our party's name in order to transfer our tab, WOW! They earned points with me for this, definitely.  I hate waiting at the bar, then having to pay my tab when I'm just going to eat anyway.
 
 The menu had a large selection of items, I would say leaning heavily to the seafood/steak items than anything else. Their wine list was quite extensive, even though we didn't order any it was nice to see that they were very well prepared had we. The different kinds of bread at the table were all delicious, I could almost eat my weight in all of them. Now, the food...

 The prosciutto wrapped mozzarella was AWESOME! The mozzarella was supple and complimented the prosciutto very well along with the tomatoes on the plate. For the entree I had the Porcini rubbed delmonico with 12-year aged balsamic. This was probably the best steak I've had in my entire life. It was juicy and fully of flavor. Paired with the mashed potatoes this was a knock out.

 Unfortunately, I was too full to sample their desserts after this behemoth of a steak, but I'm sure it's just as good as anything else on the menu. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a wonderful meal with great service. They would also have to not be afraid to spend some money, our bill for 3 people was about $300.
A center city staple for power lunches and business dinners, or for when your just need a perfectly cooked steak.

The wedge has perfect tomatoes, the bacon is warm, salad is green and crisp.  Its a classic dish but its so often botched by steakhouses elsewhere.  Don't overlook this classic dish.

Steaks are dry-aged inhouse, cooked to perfection, and none of the sauces, rubs or boiling butter used by inferior places to cover-up their own cuts.  The steaks are just exactly what you expect, a thick cut of perfectly grilled meat.

The waiters are friendly and attentive, and always serving with a smile.

Even the breadbasket has multiple varieties of bread, and the basket is never empty, your water glass always full.
I could swear that I've written a review of this place already, and yet, here I am, writing this review [again]*.

I've only got one thing to say about this place: 

Ribeye Steak Sandwich with Caramelized Onions and Havarti Cheese**

It's my staple here and I've never been disappointed. The steak comes out perfectly cooked (I normally order medium rare for that perfect texture and meat taste) on a soft, but delicious piece of bread,*** with onions, cheese, and a hint of A1 sauce for flavor. 

The fries that come with are good, but the steak sandwich really steals the show. I've also had the coconut cream pie here, which was decent and made exactly the way it's suppose to be with light, well whipped cream and all that jazz - I'm just not a big fan of cream pies in general. 

During my first Capital Grille visit, before I knew about the steak sandwich, I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken. It was delicious with crisp vegetables and tender chicken breast. The service blew me away (such that I ended up tipping $9 for an $11 salad).****

That being said, service has always been very good (if not the above, beyond, and then some of my first time), and they try their best to accommodate, even when they're very busy (which happens often during lunch time). The atmosphere is elegant and perfect for business lunches.

I would give this place 5 stars, but it's difficult to do so when I have made no forays into the rest of the offerings on the menu. 

I'm sure that some day***** I will branch out and try something else, but until then, no need for a menu please, I know what I'll be getting!

----------------------------------
* Maybe it's all in my head, or I've been dreaming of eating and reviewing The Capital Grille once too often.
** And if you think THAT was a mouthful, wait until you actually try the sandwich!
*** As only Philly can do right - the bread is what makes a Philly Cheesesteak so good
**** Funny story (now that I'm looking back on it a few years later), where I arrived a few hours early for an interview - and thought to sit, relax and eat to calm my nerves. They sat me at the bar and I had already ordered, when, to my horror, I realized that I didn't leave the key for the valet. I explained briefly to the server that I had to step out, rushed over (running in heels and a skirt suit) to the lot and back - and when I sat down again, the server cheerfully brought my salad out and all was right with the world again. I know it doesn't sound like much, but the server's great attitude really made my day.
***** When hell freezes over ... or if they stop serving that sandwich
I read a review in Philadelphia magazine. They were reviewing the best Philly steakhouses and this was the only one they gave 5 cows (as opposed to stars) to. My boyfriend offered to take me to lunch to any restaurant of my choosing, so I picked this one.

The wedge salad was freaking awesome. It's HUGE and so good. But, really, everything was good.

Service was fantastic. The atmosphere is a little posh for my style, but so what??
So we went here last night with a group of 18.  The service to start was great, they were filling our water glasses without us even seeing them.  They took our order when we indicated that our party was all there and they knew their stuff when asked questions.  The food was great, there were many oos and ahhs going around.  The problem came when it was time to settle the bill and we asked for 18 checks.  I'm surprised with the number of large parties we saw there that this was apparently a difficult task.  From the point at which the check was ready to the point  at which we got our individual checks it took 51 minutes!! Then when we got our individual checks they were wrong.  In the end we paid our individual checks and started passing money around the table to make up the differences in each other's bills.  It was a terrible end to what seemed like it was going to be a good night.  

My recommendation if you plan to eat at The Capital Grille is to go with a small group or all bring cash and calculators - it will take you a lot less time to split the bill than it will take them.
One of the more disappointing meals I've had in a while. 

1. They were extremely disorganized. Even having a reservation, we had to wait 30 minutes before we were seated. There were disgruntled customers everywhere. One group was waiting for a table and the hostess told them that whoever checked them in, did not update the system to let them know that they were there - so they had to continue to wait. Another group went over to check in and they told him that his reservation was cancelled by someone, and he was at lost. Instead of apologizing they just basically smiled and said "well, it happens!".  Time to bring in a new crew!

2. Ordered the filet at medium rare for dinner and it was by far the driest, most tasteless piece of meat ever. 

What saved this restaurant from being a one star was the waitress. She was very professional and made me feel very welcomed. I would probably return for happy hour but that's about it.
The ambiance -- upscale.  :-)
The staff -- friendly and professional  :-)
The menu -- The size of your entire upper body  :-b
The food -- so so.   :- /

I will admit that I tend to like my steak cooked through (i.e. well-done), and the charred hunk of beef that arrived was anything but delectable.  Perhaps if I had ordered it prepared differently, then I could have given this place a better rating.  In any event, let's just say that my lunchtime conversation was the highlight of this trip.  (Oh!  And the calamari appetizer wasn't half bad.)  All in all though, I don't think I'll hurry back.
If I could give it 6 stars, I would.  Stellar.  Superb.  Especially the service.  Our waitress (fine dining server, I should say), Lupe, pulled out all the stops to make our visit special.  Plus she was extremely knowledgeable about our many steak/wine pairing questions and expertly navigated us through the touch screen cocktail and wine menu (nice break from those cheap plastic books you get at most restaurants).

She asked if we were celebrating anything special and I said it was my boyfriend's birthday, not thinking anything of it.  We got complementary lobster truffle balls at the start of the meal, complete with a Happy Birthday platter of decadent chocolate cake and sugary crusted cheesecake with lit birthday candles at the finish of the meal, all on the house.  It was an unexpected and pleasant treat and I didn't call ahead to request it, I swear. You can tell they'd risk the cost of the complements to ensure you'll be a repeat customer.  And I definitely will be back here if my budget will allow it.

Everything in the meal was on point (not a hit or miss type of place) and the portions are absolutely gigantic which helps justify the cost and gives you a little bang for your buck.  We split the fried calamari with spicy peppers and it was the best I've ever had- they practically give you the whole squid, it's that big. The tomato/mozzarella/basil with aged balsamic could have been a decent sized lunch, with fresh, fluffy chunks of smooth mozzarella and perfectly ripened tomatoes.  My boyfriend opted for a cup of the corn bisque instead of the lobster bisque which was the special that night and it was like if you got the most juiciest piece of sweet corn and put it in liquid form- heavenly.  I would legit bathe in that.

Entrees are obviously the most important part at a place like this and they give you a big selection to choose from (I was so torn on what to get, it all sounded so good).  My boyfriend got the basic, no-bone Dry Aged NY Strip with no frills and ate the whole thing- cooked to a perfect medium rare (though a little under-seasoned, as they let the meat stand for itself in flavor).  I wanted to try one of the signature chef suggested steaks, as Lupe pointed out that you can't get those at other steakhouses in the city.  I got the truffle and gorgonzola encrusted Dry Aged NY Strip with the bone-in and a cabernet reduction (also cooked to a perfect medium are) and by the time I got to it after all my filling starters, I could barely put a dent in its enormity.  Let's just say when you grab the cheese, the steak, and the sauce all in one bite- it's perfection.  Plus we got the large a la carte side of roasted mushrooms (big enough for two, even three people to split) and they had a nice garlic/earthy balance.

Between the varied basket of free bread and butter, the cozy glasses of red wine, the amazing meal as a whole, and Lupe's fantastic service, complete with the complementary hookups and doggie bag of leftovers to go with her business card, I can say that this is one steakhouse I will definitely be paying a visit to again.
Cons: we sat by a window and it was freezing. My one side of my body became numb. Our food order had a bunch of mistakes and they ran out of food (Brussel sprouts and cauliflower ) by 7.

Pro: appetizers - we got the lobster bisque,  Ceasars and field green salads, and crab cakes. The apps were amazing.

Dinner- we both got the dry aged porterhouse steak, lobster mac, truffle fries. My steak came out raw and I asked for medium. They fixed it and it was delicious. Truffle fries were very good. It was my first time trying truffle but loved it. Bitter and salty.  The lobster mac was good also.

Dessert- we got a free dessert because of all the mistakes with our order. It was the Brule cheesecake and flour less chocolate cake. The cake was fudgey and dense and amazing. Now, the heavenly cheesecake. The best I've ever had. Hands down. My eyes watered because of the pure ecstasy I felt. That's a must have with their sauce. 

Overall, it was a romantic dinner. It was really busy so our server was swamped. However, she was a sweetheart. Just wish I wasn't so cold, but oh well.
The best steak place in Philly, bar none.  I have been to Ruth Chris a few times, and Capital Grille twice.  Capital grille is the runaway winner.  The steaks are unbelievable, the wine is great, and the service is professional.  It is a bit expensive, and the bar can get very crowded.  The only downside is the steak stomach you get after you eat there!
My husband and I were looking for more of a fine dining experience as we like to eat out on business trips. The ambience fits the bill with appropriate lighting, a seemingly well serviced bar (admittedly this was only from observation rather than experience), and an incredibly friendly hostess.

From there, the experience rapidly declines. I found our service to be very poor. The waitress rarely came back to our table. The food and wine option is what I found really disappointing. They have very few wines they sell by the glass and, if you're like us where only one spouse drinks, buying a bottle just doesn't make sense. I ended up with a riesling which tasted pretty good but it felt forced since I really wanted the Spy Valley Sauvignon Blanc.

As far as food, I ordered the tuna and my husband ordered the salmon. Both dishes, especially mine, were beautifully plated and "it was noble that [the chef whom I guessing was named Susan or something close] cooked for everyone; but I sense that they do not season their food. I'm certain there was potato salad sans paprika lurking somewhere in the restaurant. The rice also tasted like they let it sit so it could be notably hard and then laid it under my tuna.

Not the best of dining experiences at all.
I went here with my Yelp voucher for two free "Plates" lunches.  They are normally $18, which I originally thought was kind of high, but after having one I'm going to say that I would pay that in the future.  The concept is it's a quick business lunch that you get to personalize. You choose your first course, soup or salad, and then pick a main course and a side dish.  

The service was fantastic. The waiter was very attentive and someone who appeared to be a manager of some sort came out to check on us as well.  My friend and I both ordered the grapefruit soda because I didn't get the chance to try it at the Yelp event, but I heard it was good.  It was perfection in a glass.  It had the right balance of sweet and tart and was fizzy.  

 I ordered the roasted red pepper soup, which was simple, but very flavorful.  Our first courses were served along with bread and butter. I had the lobster roll for my entree.  I have to say, I'm normally not that crazy about lobster.  I don't dislike it, but it's not something I would normally order.  The roll was piled high with lobster and I was surprised at how much I liked the flavor.  I got a big basket of hot, crispy truffle fries beside it.  I was also surprised by the generous potions.  I could barely finish my lunch!  

We left with happy bellies and weren't even hungry enough to have dinner that night.  I can't wait to go back and check out the dinner menu soon!
This was my first time coming here and I'm so glad my boyfriend recommended this place! We came down from Jersey to get away for a day in Philly so this was the perfect gem to go to for a nice romantic dinner.

We were only able to get an reservation for 9:45 pm which i was worried about being they close at 10:00pm but the hostess reassured that they just close doors at 10:00 and you won't be rushed. When we sat down at 9:45 as the hostess said there wasn't any tables available yet at 9:30 (i called BS because i saw tables available. She also wasn't very friendly) but our waiter was very nice and helpful so that changed the mood around. 

-We ordered a whiskey Manhattan and Tito's and vodka. 
-Two lobster bisque - which were amazing! They actually put lobster pieces in the soup! Unlike other places that just purée and cheat you out the lobster.
-Two filet Mignon steaks that were delicious! And cooked to perfection.
- lobster Mac and cheese !! Omg so this was the best dish! It was so damn good i definitely and highly recommend this one.
- cream spinach was a hit to!

And to top it off we ordered warm chocolate cake with ice cream! 

I will be back and multiple locations now :)
I have always enjoyed the Capital Grille but this visit had a table of really loud and obnoxious drunkards yelling at each other during our entire dinner.  the staff did nothing about it.
If I wanted to eat in this type of environment I would have gone to a dive bar.
My experience at Capital was AMAZING. My server was Rob a 14 year veteran at this fine eatery. Not only was he extremely knowledgeable about the menu offerings we also had the opportunity to share some of life's insights with one another. 

As far as the good is concerned the LambChops were cooked to perfection... moist, succulent and falling off the bone. If you like a little garlic on your palate...Try the garlic mashed potatoes their light, fluffy, and to die for. I'd also highly recommend the sautéed Garlic Spinach.... the service, staff, & customer attentiveness was spot on. If you decide to dine ask for Rob. Tell'em Cory sent Ya!! 
Eat, Live, Laugh.
i doubt you could go wrong on this menu. we order the cheese burger with truffle fries. which aren't really truffles, just truffle oil, but it added some flair. which is what you get at this place. the grub is better than mom would make, but the price is insane. 80 dollars for lunch. redonkulous. but if you have a company card and someone to impress, great place. mmm that cheese burger was good.
The Capital Grille is a great spot to grab a meal! Great service and tasty food. Guaranteed a good time. 

Some good starters were the French onion soup and the Caesar salad. 

They also have a really flavorful glazed salmon, as well as a great lobster Mac n cheese. 

If you're in the area, I definitely recommend checking out The Capital Grille for at least one meal.
Couldn't even tell you how many times I've walked past The Capital Grille, but this was my first time having a meal here.

We called last minute to make a reservation after my sister's graduation. With very short notice they had a table ready with confetti, a rose and "congratulations" note. It was thoughtful and my sister was very surprised and excited.

We were there for a late lunch so all of us got a lunch plate special. I got the watermelon, feta & heirloom tomato salad as a starter and the citrus salmon with creamy polenta as the main. All of it was AMAZING. The salad was fresh and delicious, the salmon was cooked perfectly and polenta was great too. For dessert I got the creme brûlée, which came with fresh fruit. Also, so delicious! 

All of us enjoyed our meal and we will absolutely be back again in the future for celebration meals.
Can I even BEGIN to review this place? What can I say that hasn't been said? What glory can I add that hasn't been described in detail in 20 other reviews? But alas, I will try.

Come here for special occasions. Like, really special ones. 

The service you receive is OUTSTANDING, whether it's a huge company holiday party or an intimate birthday gathering. I'm talking the wait staff has waitstaff to make sure they have everything they need to get everything you need. 

Ambiance, ambiance, ambiance. You could propose to your future spouse here. Or convince someone to invest in your company. The classiness oozes from the walls. But ooze is a bad word, because it's way classier than ooze.

The food. The food is beyond good. Like I said, it's pricey pricey, but when you can save your pennies, make it good and order generously. The sides and appetizers are incredible. Special nod to the calamari with peppers and Brussels sprouts with bacon. Also steak! And lobster tails! And desserts galore! So many amazing things to eat. 

Sadly, this review is decidedly less classy than the establishment, but just know I upped my game when I was there. I sipped instead of gulping and savored each bite of gorgonzola crusted filet mignon. Please go here with your favorite person or people and make them feel AWESOME with how much you love them (and how much you're willing to spend on their meal.)
This really was as good as it gets, for me at least!
My bf took me to dinner here for my birthday, and boy was it a good choice!
I've dined at the FL location while on business and vowed to give it's northern siblings a try when a special time came, what's more special than my birthday!?

Def dress nice, the price tag fits the experience and was well justified in my eyes.
White table clothes, servers and service were impeccable.  Hostess could have been warmer, literally it was just "hello".  Isn't it the hostess/host responsibility to get your experience off on the right foot?  

Thankfully our server was perfect and I forgot all about the hostess (well, until now!) and my birthday evening turned out to be wonderful.

I had a few glasses of Malbec to start, the bf had arnold palmer's.  We had been eating our way through Philadelphia during the day so we opted to skip a starter and get right to the main attraction.

Dry Aged NY Strip med/rare with au gratin potatoes for me.
Double Cut Lamb Rib Chops with twice baked potatoes for the bf.
Yes to another round of drinks.

While waiting for our food we made lights jokes about getting the meat sweats over the awesome complimentary bread basket - our meal arrived in a reasonable time and it was glorious!  My strip was cooked to perfection, so flavorful from dry aging, so juicy, so delicious.....I don't know how I polished off a 14oz. steak in record time.  (bf couldn't either, we still joke about me inhaling this steak)  The au gratin potatoes were good, not great, a little on the runny side for my preferences but I still enjoyed them.

The lamb chops were to die for.  I cannot recall ever having a lamb chop this good.  It topped my fav. lamb chops I love at my fav. rodizio spot!  I actually had a moment of food envy, I should have ordered the lamb chops.  My bf tried to give me a chop for myself, since it was my special day...but I declined because I saw how into them he was!  The twiced baked potatoes were amazing.  They've since removed them from the menu (sad face) - I'm rallying to bring them back.  I cannot recreate the flavor at home, I've tried..and I just cannot.

We passed on dessert, on to the next food stop in my Philly birthday weekend for sweets!

I truly enjoyed my birthday dinner, I cannot wait to go back!  (and back we did go...to the KoP location for me to treat my bf for HIS bday!)
First time to Capital Grille the other night. Usually stay away from chains. I like to support local businesses.  Anyway went here with a friend who has a wine locker here.  Drank some fantastic wine so the night was great and good wine makes the food even better. Service was a big plus. Our waiter Rob was excellent. The dining room/atmosphere is good but does not compare to the fantastic dining room at Del Frisco's, around the corner.  Was not in the mood for steak so had all seafood. Everything was great quality. Fresh and perfectly plated. I had a shelled seafood combo planner with some oysters, shrimp and crabmeat. The chucks of crabmeat were the highlight, although I enjoyed the rest as well. Also shared the lobster cakes. Like a crabcake. It had great flavor and very little filler.
All told this place exceeded my expectations and happy I got to try another place.
Wow, this place just keeps impressing me.  I decided to take my fiancé here for his birthday dinner after being impressed with my lunch experience and with the Yelp Elite event months before.  I have to say that I made the right choice!  The service at this place was phenomenal.  I can't say enough about how attentive and helpful the servers were, and the bartender even remember me from months before!  

I had a voucher for a free fried calamari appetizer and two free Stoli Doli's from the Yelp event that I'd been hanging onto for a while.  You know that awkward moment where you've got a coupon or discount that you want to use, but you feel kind of cheap using it and are thinking of a way to phrase it when handing it to the server?   The server saw that I had them by my purse before I had really taken a look at the menu and offered to go ahead and get the appetizer and the drinks started while we looked over the menu and decided on the main courses.  Awkward moment avoided!  I got up to go to the bathroom and on my way back, I passed the server who let me know my drink would be at my table before I got there.  Sweet!

I returned to my table, and took a sip of refreshing Stoli Doli which is basically vodka that has been infused with pineapple and poured into a martini glass.  I love this drink because it is sweet, but not overly so.  Simple and fresh.  My fiancé told me that the server had asked if we were celebrating anything, and he told him his birthday.  The  server told him he'd bring him a free dessert later for his birthday, which I thought was really nice. I then ordered the Swordfish, and my date got a steak.  I couldn't decide on sides and wasn't sure how much to order for the two of us.  Our server made the helpful suggestion that we get two half sides to try more things, and that that is usually enough for people.  We went with the truffle fries, which I'd had previously and really enjoyed, and the mushrooms.

The calamari came out very shortly after we placed our order.  It was crispy and a little vinegary and spicy from the peppers.  I liked it much better than the usual marinara sauce for dipping.  The portion was more than ample and I could feel myself starting to feel a little full already.  A plentiful variety of fresh bread was also brought to our table.

Our main courses came out after we'd finished the appetizer.  In the past when I've had swordfish, it was a little dry.  Not the case at all!  It was moist and flavorful, and again, a very generous portion.  My date loved his steak.  The sides were delicious and I had left overs even though we ordered the half sides!  

Then we we were full and thought it was over, the waiter came back and reminded us of the free birthday dessert he'd promised.  I was still surprised by this considering I'd already used three coupons!  It was any dessert he wanted, and not the usual scoop of ice cream or whatever the cheapest dessert is on the menu like most places.  My fiancé got a coconut cream pie, and it was really rich, huge and delicious and they even put in a little candle in the middle.  A few servers came by and politely told him happy birthday.  I wasn't going to tell anyone it was his birthday for fear of him being embarrassed with a song or something terrible as he's a shy guy.  However, this worked out really well, and I think he felt special without being embarrassed.  Again, excellent service!

We had left-overs because the cake was big.  The server boxed all our extra goodies up in nice individual packages and put them in a shopping back for us.  

 I just can't say enough good things about the service.  Our water glasses were never empty and the server made sure we were happy with everything.  The staff is professional and really makes you feel welcomed.  I would say it's the best service I've ever received in a restaurant in the U.S. to date.  I'm so glad I could make my fiancé so happy on his special day.  It will most definitely keep me coming back.
For me this is a tossup between here and Del Friscos. Capital (just barely) in the food department but Friscos has that atmosphere. This is more intimate seating but just doesn't have that grand pop of Friscos. I think they are both superb and it is simply a tossup between both of them.
My dad loves steak, so when the parents visited last we had to go to The Capital Grille.  The staff was friendly and very well mannered.  I do not eat steak that frequently but as the saying goes: "When in Rome do as the Romans do."  It would not make any sense to me not to indulge in a niece piece of meat.
The appetizers were OK, we had the carpaccio and the calamari.  
On the other hand the steaks were absolutely wonderful. The waitress suggested The Delmonico Steak and I thank god listened!!!  

I ordered my steak medium well,  as opposed to my dear father, who likes it very rare. I love and respect my father but sometimes I wonder why not skip the restaurant part with him and let him loose among the cattle. He could chase behind his own steak and eat it right there. 

The wine that we had with dinner was exquisite. The night could not have ended better than with a magnificent CREME BRULEE!!!
Kona crusted steak is a must during restaurant week.  The unique combination of flavors (coffee + steak) cooked perfectly to medium rare is worth the hour drive for me.  Service was quick and the waiters were very knowledgeable and friendly.  They have an excellent wine selection.  I plan to return and recommend you try the Kona crusted steak at least once in your life.
My father is a serious meat and potatoes kind of guy. He lives in Cape May, he hates the city, and he hates visiting. However, put him in Capital Grille and watch his demeanor change, be amazed as he starts to grin, even laugh and have a good time. Which for the fact that he's smack in the heart of Philly whilst doing it, always makes me giggle too.

I love Capital Grille and if I had boatloads of money I think I'd eat here very often. The food is great! I'm not really a red meat eater- except somehow when I am here I change and eat red meat. Perhaps they just handle it so well? Perhaps it's the influence of my meat and potatoes father? Who knows, either way, this place can make a partial vegetarian a happy carnivore so um beware? 

The food is delicious, the service sublime, and the drinks are awesome. 5 stars seriously.
I would really like to give this review 3 1/2 stars.  While the food deserves 5, the rest of the experience really brings it down.

The food at Capital Grille is amazing.  Our steaks were cooked to perfection and the sides were delish.  The lobster mac n cheese was so unbelievably good, I may need to add that to my "last meal on earth".  

However, food aside, everything else was....bad.  Our courses were rushed.  Our table of two was in a room along with a party of 7 and a party of 20 (!) broken into two tables.  This large party was so annoying - they were up and down, bumping into our chairs and talking across the tables.  And one woman, while bending over to show her friend her shoes, leaned her ass onto our table.  In addition to this circus, I was practically slammed into a wall by waitstaff moving a table while I was attempting to make my way back from the restroom.

I'm sorry, but for the prices this place charges, they should be cutting up your food and spoon feeding you.  The environment and service was equivalent to what you would receive at a place like TGIFridays, definitely not a fine dining experience.  While the food was amazing, I would really hesitate to go back again.
Good food, great servers, nice sized portions in my selected entrée. The drinks were great as well A+.
In the past I've used capital grille as a jumping off point for other restaurants. Come here, have a decent cocktail, then head out. For a change, my guest and I decided to have lunch here yesterday.

The host was not to be found, but Ralph, the pleasant bartender, waved us in and had our drink orders in process in no time. We glanced at the menu, but decided to stay when he described the scallop special.

This was three large 'lion's paw' scallops, served of a toasted brioche bun, lightly sauced and complimented with fresh grape and mini heirloom tomatoes. My guest and I exchanged glances knowing one of us was going to order this. I blinked first, so he won out. I had the Wagyu carpaccio as a consolation prize.

At $15, the carpaccio was nice. It was served with a huge mountain of endive, large curls of aged provolone, and 1/2 a lemon to squeeze as desired. I shoveled a mouthful of greens in only to find yowza! they were dressed with a pepper/horseradish dressing that really had a kick. Now, had this been prime Kobe, I would have been very unhappy to have this much intensity taking away from the base taste of my beef. No worries there. The 'Wagyu' beef was far from top notch.

In fact, as we looked at the beef we could see that what had happen was the usual poor prep. The beef had been frozen so the could cut it paper thin. This breaks down the meat a bit and causes it to rip to shreds (or simply turn to mush) when you disturb it. Worse, after this was cut the plate was left out, sans salad, waiting for little ole me to order it. While it waited, the beef air dried to literal dried beef. Luckily the dressing and a liberal squirt of lemon reconstituted it well.

Overall, I did really like this dish, but don't be passing off JRZY heffer as Kobe. Call it what it is, a lovely beef carpaccio, and move along. Yes, I would order it again, for $15 it was a well priced dish, and it tasted good.

The scallops were a knockout. One of the few places where the scallops were perfectly cooked, they were then lightly seasoned with garlic and a light drizzle of olive oil. Hardly the size of a Lion paw, they were good size nonetheless. The brioche went perfectly, it's roasted eggy richness soaking up all the juices of the scallops and tomatoes as you munched along. The tomatoes were a lovely mix of small grape, tiny yellow pear, and quartered purple russians. A bit heavy on the garlic, the dish overall was exceptional and for $17, a win in our book.

A side note on our bartender. He was polite, meticulous, there when you needed him and not when you didn't. He also understood that if you enjoy a dirty martini on the very dirty side, you tend to have an 'overage' after you pour, and rather than shoot it down the sink like some places do, he didn't. He got an extra bump in his tip for that. Seems basic, but some places are so bad for this you almost want to order the olive juice on the side!

The house made potato chips served in late afternoon are also devilishly good, and seem to evaporate quickly from the bowl. Guard your bowl closely.

We look forward to dinner here soon, perhaps at the new Cherry Hill facility!
This place has decent service but the waitress we received seemed a bit inexperienced. 

I came here for restaurant week and only had a few options to choose from. I only would recommend coming here if you want some steak because the salmon and chicken options were a bit bland. The tiramisu and chocolate cake were both really good. 

I would've given 3.5 stars if I could but I rounded up for the classiness and dessert.
My fiancé and I were lucky to go here during restaurant week. The 35 dollar menu was really good, and the service was great. I was surprise with how fast the food came in and everything was delicious. All together it took us one hour to get in and out. I think this is my favorite steak house in the center city. Can't wait to go back for a happy occasions.
We went here this past weekend for a special occasion and it was wonderful overall. To start with, I'll get the stuff that wasn't so great up front and out of the way. I ordered the Caesar salad and it was disappointing. It just really paled in comparison to the rest of the meal. And this other thing didn't make me as mad as some of my companions, but it was a bit puzzling. Quite a few of the people really weren't dressed for the place. Saw more jeans and t-shirt ensembles than I was expecting. It just seemed kind of strange. 

Those things were pretty minor in comparison to all the positives of the evening. Someone else for their appetizer ordered the calamari and I will say right now I'm not a huge fan of seafood, but I'll order calamari now and again and this was excellent. It doesn't come with a sauce. Instead there are several kinds of sliced hot peppers (might be a bit spicy for some... but you don't have to eat the peppers!). For the main course, I went with the porterhouse because it's a steakhouse and I wanted to get what they specialized in. It was fantastic. Our table ordered a bottle of the Fleur Pinot Noir since some of us were getting steak and others seafood. I thought it went nicely with the meal. We also got dessert, but honestly, the steak and calamari were what shined as far as the food was concerned. (I will say I was mildly entertained that my cappuccino came with rock candy for stirring) 

The service was also excellent. Perfect level of attentiveness.
This is a very good steakhouse - but not great.

The Capital Grille was a game time decision on our first night in Philly. We were tired, we were hungry and we wanted something close to our hotel. Since we are big time carnivores we chose the closest steakhouse - The Capital Grille.

What was ironic was that we were dressed in our travel gear (leggings and jeans) and I asked our hotel concierge if the restaurant would have issue with how we were dressed, she said "No, they will only see your wallet." This was a pretty much, spot on assessment.

When we arrived, we were shuttled to the back of the restaurant and seated with another casually dressed family with a young child. Our waitress was very nice and patient with us. 

We had:

 - Porterhouse - good but not great. It wasn't seared on the outside like steaks from other steakhouses usually are.

- Creamed spinach - good, not great

- Parmesan fries - very tasty

- Caesar Salad - good

- Crabmeat cocktail - fresh and tasty. The portion was very small.

- 2 Glasses of wine - very good

Overall we had a decent dining experience. Would I go to The Capital Grille in NYC? Probably not...there are a lot better local steakhouses.
Really swanky and expensive! The food was excellent, wait staff excellent.  It is a top-notch restaurant in Center City so I would not expect less than excellent.  We went here for Mother's Day so it was crowded, but not so crowded that it ruined the atmosphere.  I had the Sushi Grade Tuna Steak which was in one word, delicious! I would recommend on a once in a GREAT while basis because of the price and the food is rich.  Overall it was a pleasant experience.
Me and my girlfriend went to the capital grill for my birthday dinner ,
I have to say that from the montment we walked in we where taken care of the hostess got my name it took  10 minutes to get are table. Then the service started
They had a card on the table  wishing me a happy birthday, that was great.
Then our waiter Bob Ballard (5 star Bob) welcome us to the capital grill and wish me a happy birthday. The drinks and the food was Excellent. You must go at lest once in your life time to Experience a great dinner. Ask for bob a great waiter and Excellent Service. 5 STARS for the capital grill. I'll be back.
Worst experience ever. And we've been here many times over the years. This is our last. Here's why:
We booked dinner for a surprise 30th birthday. I assumed Capital Grille would have be able to accommodate us properly. But no luck. 
1) rude service from hostess, Syeda - I called to confirm our table, was put on hold for 5 minutes, then called back and got an attitude from the hostess. She told me they couldn't guarantee our 7:30 reservation for 12 people because of an earlier party. Remember, I explained it was a surprise dinner. As it turns out the earlier party sat after paying for an additional half hour. The wait staff could have "nudged" by clearing the table, but instead left everything encouraging that party to linger, and left us to lose out.  Surprise ruined. 
2) I asked (the same rude hostess) for separate checks prior to dinner when I called earlier in the day. You may wonder was I rude or obnoxious. The answer is no (I was pleasant until the end of our night. Continue reading). We did not get the separate checks, and when our bill came it was on one check. Fine, we could have figured it out. Not ideal, but better than what happened. But then they proceeded to spend over an hour trying to figure it out and separate the checks. So we finished our meal at 9:55pm and could not pay our bill until 11:00pm. And even then, there were numerous errors. We did offer to divide up the bill ourselves. We left at 11:10pm. Almost 4 hours after we arrived. 
I spoke to the manager Ken about this twice during the meal and got nowhere. So we sat at the table for an hour without any offer by the staff of food or drink. We should have left and paid what we thought we had, but I didn't want to put my guests in an awkward place. 

Long story short, Go elsewhere for a nice dinner.
I came here for restaurant week with my friends around 9:30pm for my birthday. I came 15 mins late but still had to wait a couple minutes for a table. Our server was really nice and was probably one of the best servers I've ever had. A lot of times she forgot what we asked for (like lemon or tabasco sauce) because it was so busy. But at least she was nice about it! 

For the restaurant week menu, there's also another menu where you can add on other foods for an extra $5 or $10. I did the regular $35 a person and I got the Caesar salad, the 14oz sirloin steak and an espresso chocolate dessert. The Caesar salad was too salty and I didn't finish it nor did I enjoy it. I had my boyfriend's clam chowder and I wished that I chose that instead. My sirloin steak was okay. I didn't finish it and ended up taking it home. The chocolate dessert was probably my favorite out of everything I've had. I also got a birthday dessert which was basically another chocolate cake and a cheesecake with a candle. 

Overall I don't think the food was bad. I preferred my friends' meals instead so next time I'll probably choose those options. The service was good considering it was really busy.
Our night was unfortunately not what we expected. We arrived around 10:15pm (45 minutes to close) We started off at the bar where we picked seats by the bar end. Bad spot, it was by the server station and all we could hear was complaining by the wait staff as they gathered waiting for their drinks. So we moved, now we were in the center of the bar... preparing to order food but enjoying cocktails first. Our bartender brought out bread and butter...After having a few slices I discovered a curly black hair in my butter (Seriously gross) I was later informed that night my husband had a hair in his bread (He kept this from me as not to ruin the night)...Why our bread & butter had hairs in it truly is a mystery (Or, possibly a pissed of kitchen staff?) Moving on...We told our bartender and she brought new butter. I wish I had known about the bread (I would have just left) Then, although not the restaurants fault a group of guys at the bar started bursting out raping (This is not a typo) At this point I felt like I was in a bad bad dream. It was obnoxious, so (again) we moved... this time to a table. At this point I must have had a few cocktails because I would normally never stay after all these events happening. We spoke with the manager and he was great, understanding and very gracious to offer us a glass of Cabernet to go with our steak. We appreciated the gesture. We ordered the dry aged porterhouse... I'm going to get controversial here... I call bull shit on the "dry aged" claim. Unless they aged it for 1 day. It was very good... but not dry aged good. 

Overall: I am repulsed (still) about the hairy bread & butter (I really believe management needs to take a look at their kitchen staff because I think something's going on there. It's not a fluke to have it in both) 

The steak was good, cooked a perfect med-rare. 

The place is the high-end Applebee's of the steak world. We never usually come to chains but we did... and now I know why we don't. 

The manager was a damn superstar someone give this guy a raise. Or a job on SNL. He handled the situation perfectly and we appreciate his offer of wine, desert and taking care of our drinks. 

I will never be back, I just can't get the hairy bread & butter out of my head but I appreciate how  management handled it. 

-Signing off-
I didn't get to see the entire menu but what I did see and taste I loved. Our menu was preset so I had to choose from a limited menu.
I had a dinner event here so my meal was FREE (my fav word when it comes to food).
Crab cakes were off the cha-cha chain..as was the calamari and giant shrimp cocktails.
I had the 14oz ages sirloin steak. I was really stuffed so i took it home after a few bites..took me three days to finish it. I'm not that big of a meat eater but I wasn't going to let this one go to the dogs.

Dessert I ordered some espresso thing which did not sit too well with my taste buds the second I tasted it. Luckily a friend ordered dessert but left early so I was able to swoop in and kill her cheesecake. I am typically not a huge fan of cheesecake but this one was really delicious, I had to really hold back on finishing the entire thing.

All in all, I've been in philly for 4months now and I've never heard of this place until I got my dinner invite. I checked out the website and knew I prob couldn't afford to eat here every night but I def wanted to visit the establishment and I am glad I did.

I can't comment on waitstaff because we were in a private area. But the ambiance of the place is nice, I would come back here again with a date or something (hint hint)
Apparently chicken CAN melt in your mouth.   The chicken was so good.  The skin was left on the chicken, which I typically do not like,but it was roasted to perfection where the skin was crispy.  Usually he skin gives the chicken a slimy, mushy texture which freaks me out, but not here. It came with roaster heirloom tomatoes in some balsamic vinaigrette and it was just very tasty.

The steak was amazing, but it didn't come with any legitimate garnishing like the chicken.  There was a sprig of some greenery, but still tasted perfect.

The beef salad  with wasabi dressing under appetizers (I forget the name, but it starts with a 'w' and is the fist item listed under appetizers) was also really good.

The lobster mac and cheese as a side dish was only $17 - given there was like a whole lobster in there and made with real cheeses and funky shaped noodles.  It was so good and I really think you should try it.

The coconut creme pie was OK, I wouldn't get it again - but that's only because I'm not much of a dessert person.  Creme Brulee probably would have been more up my ally.

_______________

The service was great. Professional, clean, and attentive.  I took MF here for his birthday and they took a picture of us with their own camera and printed out a copy for us, which is unheard of for me at a restaurant.  Even Ruths Chris and Morton's did not do that.

We also had left overs and were neatly packaged.  Each item was packaged into a small container and labeled.  Most servers don't take the time to do either of which and just sloppily toss things in.
Booked a reservation to celebrate my wedding anniversary. They prepared our table beforehand with confetti and a handwritten note congratulating us on our anniversary! It was a very classy touch! They also brought out complimentary champagne for us! Our waiter was super professional and knowledgeable. My husband is really anal about having A1 with his steak, so we asked the waiter if they had it and he said "of course we do!" I really appreciate them having it because a lot of other steak places don't because the chef has a fragile ego and can't handle the idea of people not eating the food as is. 

So we ordered a bottle of Cab Sav, lobster Mac and cheese, both got the strip steak cooked medium. I saw another steak came with a shallot butter, so I asked to have that butter with my steak. OMG so glad I did because that butter was AMAZING! Flavor explosion and totally took the steak to the next level! 

The lobster Mac and cheese was soooo good! It's so well balanced- the cheese blend is perfect and doesn't overshadow the lobster! Our steaks were cooked perfectly! Portions were very large! We took home leftovers of everything! They also brought us a complimentary dessert of a mini cheesecake and a dark chocolate tart. The cheesecake was my favorite! My husband liked the chocolate best, so it worked out perfectly for us!

Hands down an absolutely awesome place, with great service! It's pricey, but the quality is top notch! We will definitely be back to celebrate special moments!
It felt good going in a restaurant to have a dine In experience. The fiancé and decided to roll the dice after being fully vaccinated for some time to dine out at Capital Grille. 

First and foremost I have to give a huge shoutout to our server Eric! He absolutely made our experience. I tell people all the time "Great people, drive business" and Eric was sensational. After having very limited social interactions Eric was the perfect blend of knowledgeable and personable. Beside great conversations, Eric also provided solid recommendations ie (Dry Age NY Strip) which was top notch btw. 

For those on the fence about dining out. The staff did a great job of wearing masks and gloves and outside of times when guests were eating. I've seen everyone wearing a mask and the tables were nicely spread out. 

Last thing- Pro tip valet your car. Don't be the person driving around center city looking for parking.
The staff (young Caucasian female) at the reception area was very condescending. I reached the restaurant first and she did not let me sit untill my husband arrived (35 minutes later). She was overtly rude and made me feel unwelcome. It is a shame that Capital Grille is ruining its reputation by hiring such mannerless airheads.

This aside, the food is barely 2/5. We tried french onion soup, steak, and crab and probably the best food item was the complimentary bread basket. Dining here was in my husband's bucket list; so it needed to be checked off, never coming again!
