The Abbaye doesn't try too hard, and I love them for it. They do not try to be edgy or quirky or hip. They just deliver a solid beer list and great food. Period. The service isn't that great, but it's fine. They display local art, but they also put sports on all their tvs. They're just unpretentious and real. 

I've never waited for a table at the Abbaye, even with a big group. Awesome. They serve the best non-traditional cheesesteak I could imagine. It has big chunks of steak and fancy cheese and roasted peppers or something... it doesn't taste like a "Philly Cheesesteak" but that's the thing, it's not trying to. 

What caught me off guard the most at the Abbaye is their brunch. There was too long a wait at Honey's and North Third and everywhere else in the area so we thought - what the hell, the Abbaye. No wait, and HOLY SHIT one of my favorite brunches ever. Don't mess with the Texas Benedict. It's like an eggs benedict but with the creamiest hollandaise smothered fried chicken, SERIOUSLY. I think it would be my last meal if I were on death row.
I want this place in Brooklyn!!! 

This is an establishment that has a wonderful selection of quality beers, delicious food and fabulous service!

We popped in, ravenous, for some comfort food and got it. 

I ordered the Barbar Belgian Honey Ale (Can you believe they had Southern Tier and I abstained?!) and a meatloaf sandwich. 

Let's talk about this sandwich. Meatloaf. Wrapped in BACON. Covered with CHEESE. Served with scrumptious shoe string fries w/ some aioli. 

Fuck. Yes. To be honest, I could only handle the first half of the sandwich, but I sat there shoveling aioli drenched fries in my mouth for 20 minutes. It was so bad...but so good. 

The Honey Ale hit the spot, and with the 8%abv, I was feeling nicely toasty after finishing it. Which was key as it was raining like crazy. 

Get your ass here.
I can't believe I have not reviewed the Abbaye! The food here is outstanding and very vegan friendly. I always end up trying their seasonal homemade veggie burger. I've tried a bunch of things on the menu, like the seitan wings and seitan cheesesteak and they're both delicious.

The bar itself is pretty plain, maybe even a bit divey with the crazy chalkboard beer menus. I have to give the Abbaye a lot of credit for always having an assortment of different beers so everyone will be able to find something that they like. It's a relatively small venue but it's not usually overcrowded. It's a great place to go with a small group of friends and just hang out.

Check the website because they frequently do different events. My favorite is U Buy the Pint Night! On the third Wednesday of the month (usually)  from 7-9 a brewery comes in. For $15 you get unlimited pours and some raffles for really awesome swag. It's definitely a deal. Look out for during Philly Beer week. For the past two years they've done Buy the Pint nights everyday.
Tats.

Every single person in here has tats, just...like...me.

The food was deelish.

The music was even better: Punk, SKA, UK Anarchist ish.

The vodka sodas were the tits and cheap AF.

This is a spot to hit up if you wanna get away from the masses of western PA tourists.

The Korean fried cauliflower was sick AF.  You gotta order this thang.

This place seems to be pretentious in terms of pseudo-supporitng vegan nonsense, but I ate the cheese steak anyway, in front of everyone's mugs and I yummed it up.

F U.

Murrica eats meat.
This is a fantastic place in a very awesome location for those that come out of Finnigan's Wake at the end of the block fuming over the shear awfulness of the Wake.  I've been that person twice.  Both times The Abbaye was able me to comfort me with their fantastic rotating selection of draught, great food and great service.

Their draughts are written up on the three different boards along the wall along with their specials of the day.  The first time I went I was able to get Alagash White, one of my favorites, and last night I got Leffe Blonde and Yards Pale Ale.  Cool stuff.  Five bucks or so for draughts and they have a nice selection of bottles for about three bucks.  

The bartender (with the black plastic framed glasses) is mad awesome and is very attentive.  He will literally walk around the bar (granted you are standing near the bar door) and give you the tab.  

Last night I ordered their Chicken Nachos and they were pretty stellar.  My only complaint was that the nachos had diced chicken vs. shredded or sliced chicken.  It was eight bucks with the chicken on top, six plain.  We also ordered their Fries ($4) which were great!  They were skinny, golden brown fries that were very close to shoestring, but not quite.  They came with a great dipping sauce as well and there was plenty to share with the table.  Wings weren't bad either and my friend's burger looked like pure awesomeness.  

I really liked that all the servers worked together, therefore, turning orders very quickly and efficiently.  Although the servers may not know who's food belongs to who, at least they are bringing it out as soon as it hits the window and the beers come to the table literally 1/2 a minute after ordering them.  

They wouldn't split the bill for us because we had told them a little "too late" (according to our server), but they were able to ring it up on different cards, so that was fine.  

All in all, prices weren't bad, nice selection of draughts, and quick, efficient service.
....Ten minutes pass and we are approached by a different server who re-takes our drink order.... what's going on?  The place is busy, but not packed.   Another ten minutes pass and our drink order is taken a third time by the barback..... Should we just leave?  In retrospect we should have.  Eventually the drinks did arrive.

I'll have to double check the receipt to make sure we didn't get charged extra for the attitude we were served alongside the beers.

It seems as time has gone by The Abbaye has just stopped caring.  It was never amazing, but I used to really like it.
My boyfriend and I recently came here for a late night dinner. The place is dark and relatively quiet for a bar and it seemed to attract the local NoLibs crowd. They had a pretty decent draft beer list, which was a good start! There were several vegan options to pick from. Naturally, I started of with the vegan hot wings. I can honestly say these are the best vegan wings in the city!! The sauce is a traditional hot wing sauce and it comes with a side a vegenaise for dipping. For dinner, I decided to get the vegan meatball sandwich. It came with fries. The sandwich was marinara sauce, vegan meatballs and vegan cheese is a long roll, it was amazing (how could it not be?). Surprisingly, the fries were also delicious. Probably some of the best fries I've had in the city. Overall, we both really enjoyed this place a lot and we will definitely be back!!
Hmmm what can I say about The Abbaye that hasn't already been said? Oh yeah, GET THE VEGAN MEATBALL SUB! I've been going to this gastropub for years and have only recently tried it. Where have you been all my life?? I'm not vegan so I de-veganize it by adding provolone.  Tender (but not mushy) vegan meatballs, flavorful sauce, big crusty bun with melty cheese on top = fake meat sandwich perfection. 

The rest of the food at the Abbaye is pretty solid and the deliciously crispy vegan wings rival those of North Bowl.  Brunch is pretty good, although I feel like the biscuit/breakfast sandwich used to be bigger & better.  I'm also not a huge fan of their Bloody Mary (go to North 3rd for the best Bloody Mary in the hood).

I'm sure everyone already knows about the great beer list and music/atmosphere. There's about a 50% chance that you'll be listening to The Smiths at the Abbaye. 

I think the Abbaye is kind of underrated compared to some other bars in the area, but it's definitely my favorite neighborhood hangout.
I used to come here a lot because I think they offer a great vegetarian and vegan selection. They probably still do. I don't come here anymore because the service is SO BAD. Actually, I don't know if all the service is bad, or just this one waitress, who always seemed to be the one to serve my table. 

I can handle so much bad service, but the last time I went was the straw that broke the camel's back. Let me tell you about it:

I was there with a friend and we were inquiring about the various vegetarian items on the menu and the specials board. We asked about a few different things before settling in on our choices. My friend ended up ordering something like a veggie burger. After a few minutes, the waitress came back to our table, because they were out of the veggie burger. So my friend inquired about a couple other vegetarian things, before settling on a different vegetarian dish. I also had ordered a vegetarian dish, and then saw that they had corn chowder on their specials board, so I ordered that, too. When the food arrives, it looks good and fine, and we start eating. About halfway through the soup I realize, there is something funny in it... It is MEAT! WTF! 

I informed the waitress, and told her I didn't want it, and she informed me,"Oh yeah, there's ALWAYS ham in corn chowder." I argued with her a little, because I had never in my life had a corn chowder with ham in it, but she insisted that is ALWAYS the case, over and over, and told me I should have known that. 

Seriously? I should have known? Why didn't she tell me, after we had spent so much time inquiring about vegetarian food? She didn't think, this being her profession, that it might be a good idea to let me know that the soup I was ordering had meat in it? Then she is going to argue with me about the contents of corn chowder? I am from NEW ENGLAND, the HOME of chowder, and seriously I had never had a corn chowder with ham in it. I am willing to admit that there are different ways of making corn chowder, and yes, many people do put pork in their chowder, but it isn't an absolute. 

The thing is, she is just a thoughtless person and a bad waitress. It is unfortunate that we will never go there again (nor would we ever recommend it) due mostly to this one waitress, but there are plenty of other good places to eat in Philly with much better service.

Oh, one more thing, if you must go there, don't go there with more than 4 people. I think they have gratuity automatically added to the bill for parties of 5 or more (it is some ridiculously low number like that). It makes it infinitely more frustrating when you are forced to leave a good tip for someone who gives you such crappy service. I feel like I have gotten even worse service when I've been there with groups over 4 people, because the waitress knows she will get her tip not matter what.
We were actually on our way to North Third, but it was raining and we found a parking spot right in front of the Abbaye so we walked in there instead. Boy, do I kinda regret that decision...

It was Friday night around 9pm, and the place was a little busy but the very nice bartender showed us to a table. We had a waiter come over to give us menus and he creepily touched my husband to get his attention (as we left, my husband even said "that waiter was a little touchy-feely, huh?") He took our drink order and left us to pick out what we wanted. He was gone for a bit, and another waiter came over to ask us what we wanted to drink. I don't think the two waiters could decide who our table belonged to because the whole night they were interchangeable,which I thought was kind of weird.

I ordered the mussels with bacon and the portobello sandwich. My husband ordered the cheese plate (despite the first waiter saying "don't tell my boss I said this, but I think the cheese plate is disappointing") and the Thai rabbit curry. My mussels tasted kinda crappy and the sandwich was mediocre, but the fries were good (yay?) My dude said the cheese plate was all right, but not worth the $10, but the Thai rabbit curry was pretty decent. On a positive note, their plating was nice (yay?) To back up a little, after we got our main courses, we didn't see either waiter for a good 30 minutes or more. They walked by NUMEROUS times and paid no attention to us. 

Our bill came to $63 (not including tip) and I don't think it was worth it in the slightest. I'm actually pretty pissed that I shelled out that money for mediocre food, waiters who don't pay attention to you and a beer selection that doesn't have me excited. We'll be walking down to North Third (or the pizza place on the corner) next time.
The Abbaye definitely seems like a better place to drink than eat. 

The crab cakes and mashed potatoes were very meh. I wouldn't recommend them, BUT, the fries were AWESOME. Skinny, salty and not too greasy. I would return just for them. We got a gazpacho that seemed to just be runny salsa which was another hit for the food, but those are the only 2 detractions I have from this place.

The beer selection is great and pretty moderately priced. The service was good if a little lazy, but I don't hold that against anyone unless its over the top. 

I'll definitely return.
Vegetarian? This American/Belgium restaurant offers vegetarians amazing dishes.  The cooks meld spices, beans and veggies to make a flavorful Veggie Burger!  This past fall I savored every bite of the stuffed sweet pumpkin with rice, cranberries, herbs and more. Out of this world!
I crave the vegan meatball hoagie about every 10 days.  It's soooo delicious!  I get it with extra provolone cheese and it makes my night.  The bread is perfect - so light but crispy on the outside and always super fresh.  The meatballs are made of some mystery yummyness and the sauce is divine.  The provolone is sharp and flavorful and melty.  The fries that it comes with are always perfectly done.  It's a good thing I live only a few blocks away so I can indulge my cravings every time.  

I like the environment of the Abbaye.  Their playlist is always good and you can expect anything from David Bowie to A Tribe Called Quest.  It's spacious yet intimate at the same time. 

I also go there for brunch sometimes and it's nice not to have to wait for a table for 2 hours like you would over at Honeys.  They have an extensive brunch menu and the prices are great.  

Jorge is the best waiter ever!
For some reason, the Abbaye consistently make my list of favorite bars. It's kind of pecular, because this place isn't amazing. I'm going to start out with the things that I dislike, just to get them out of the way.

Nearly every time I'm here, my server is just straight up weird. They don't necessarily provide poor service, unless you think being creeped out while eating or drinking is bad. To top it off, last time I was here I asked my server a simple question about the beer on tap, something along the lines of "Which of these two is more hoppy" and she responded with "I don't know, I don't drink beer." That was it, nothing about going to ask, or that she'd find out for me...not cool. It seems that you can't parade yourself as a beer bar and simultaneously employ that type of attitude. Boo.

The tap selection could be better. To be fair, there is almost always something that I want to try, but I expect more from a supposed Belgian bar. During Christmas they were pouring $6 goblet of Mad Elf, and that was awesome.

On to the good stuff: The food here is awesome, and pretty well priced. I've eaten dinner here, and brunch a few times, and the Abbaye never disappoints. The dinner menu can get pretty hearty; I've had chicken cordon-blue and stew, while the breakfast menu includes normal options like huevos ranchero and other egg dishes. If you ever have a chance to try any other th
eir BBQ, do it.

The atmosphere is nice here, with a log bar and decent seating. There's also outdoor seating when it's nice, and a dart board. This place has the tendency to get overrun with hipsters on certain nights.

Once a month the Abbaye runs a "keep your glass" special from 6 to 8. For $10 you get all you can drink of two different brews from a crafter brewery, like Trogs, Stoudts, Brooklyn, ect. Usually they are the two most basic and/or cheap brews from said companies, but it's still a great deal, and a lot of fun. Just prepare yourself for abysmal service during these specials: (Slower service=less beer for them=more money for them=less fun for me).

Bottom Line: My taste is changing, but I still like these place a lot. It's best bet to reel me in is dinner. I don't recommend that anyone goes out of their way to eat here. This is simply a solid place where you can enjoy good food and drink; a safe bet.
I try and come here Thursday nights for some Quizzo a la Irish John - it's really quite a treat for those of us without too delicate sensibilities.  

The food is usually very good.  I love the veggie cheesesteak (marinated in Chimay) but the mac & cheese is very bland.

Great beer selection too!  I love Boddington's and only know of three bars in the city that serve it, this is one of them.
Racist, racist bartenders and servers.  Honestly don't know why any people of color patronize this bar.
I had high hopes for this place, and the food and beer were decent to yummy - but the server's attitude totally ruined the place for me.  I'm not usually pissy about service, but this guy was the pits.  Just rude and incompetent. I'm not going back in a hurry.
This review is for the Abbaye but really for Two-Wheel Tuesday. 

If you show up on a motorcycle (or scooter, or moped, or bicycle with a lawnmower engine lashed to it) you get 50% off beers and food.  

There are always a gang of 'cycle dudes and bitches who show up, with Guzzis, Ducatis, old Hondas, and a vintage Piaggio or two.   The old dudes in leather pants make me giggle to myself, but everyone is super nice and very interested in bikes.  

A good destination for a group ride on Tuesday afternoon.  

Remember:  Four wheels bad, Two Wheels good, two legs stupid.
Great spot to hang out.  Good brews on tap and food is tasty and interesting.  Staff is cool, especially owner behind bar many nights.
Last night, I stumbled back to my airbnb home in NoLib after feasting my ears and eyes at Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour stop in Philly. Before turning the corner on 3rd Street, I eyed the Abbaye sign and decided to go in.

First of all, they have corn dogs on the menu for $14. I've had my share of corndogs in my lifetime. I love corndogs. I'm the gal who would spend $10 for a corndog at a county fair or a festival. 

Let me preface this review with the fact thatI had the saddest corndog of my life last week at Nathan's on Coney Island's boardwalk. It was tiny. Traumatized by this, I asked my waitress (who was amazing but her name escapes me) just how big the corndog was. She laughed and went to the kitchen to investigate. When she returned, she said that the cook said it was 6 inches and that she got into a debate with him because what 6 inches is to a man is not necessarily 6 inches to a woman. I decided to take a chance and order anyways. Boy was I in for the corndog of my life.

When my waitress returned with my food, my jaw dropped. It wasn't just one corn dog, there were TWO. And they weren't 6 inches, they were more like 7. The andouille sausage was spicy and super thick. Yes y'all, these corn dogs have maaaad girth. In addition to the two corndogs, there was a generous slop of the most delicious potato salad I had ever tasted and some buttered corn on the cob. I think the corn dogs were on the appetizer menu but this was a serious corndog meal. 

Anyways, thanks to that amazing waitress, chef, and cook staff I will measure all the future corndogs in my life against the corndogs served to me at the Abbaye. Cheers!
I have no gripes with the food, drinks, or service here, but Two-Wheel Tuesday...? 

Whoever created this promotion is a stamped & certified managerial liability. 

Rewarding people who show up on motorcycles with cheap booze is just the biggest insurance nightmare I've ever seen. Actually encouraging drunk driving....? hmm... Rationally absurd, yet somehow cutting-edge. 

Thou, if your really jonesin' to lose your restaurant, how about sponsoring the "Guns, Booze, & Babies" event I've been trying to get picked up. That shit is a lock!
Im not a vegetarian but my goodness the seitan cheesesteak is the most amazing thing ever!
This is, by far, the best macaroni and cheese in the city. If you disagree PLEASE tell me where I can find better. I'll gladly try it!

Also, the Abbaye has been so good about accommodating a large group with short notice. It isn't too loud and the employees are super nice.

Really, I should go there more often.
Consistently good food at decent prices with veggie options.  Extra bonus points for the city's best Mac & Cheese for only 5 bucks & their wines by glass are very drinkable considering the price point.

I have been a patron here on & off for years due to proximity to 2 jobs in NoLibs.  It's a relaxed place to grab a bite to eat with nice happy hour bites & drinks and a great location on the corner of 3rd & Fairmount.  My only quibble is that the service can be a little slow at times.  They serve food all day, so it's a go to spot both at lunch and after work.  Good stuff.
Haven't you heard? The Abbaye is the new North 3rd!

Okay, that was lame. But after my last unfortunate experience at North 3rd, I'm pretty sure this is where I'll be frequenting when I'm in the area. I first discovered it when my gf and I couldn't decide between Silk City and North 3rd. We decided to give a new place a try, and this was close to our parking space.

Sure enough the experience was a pleasant surprise. We tried the most recommended items on the menu- the nachos and the sweet potato fries, both of which hit the spot. Our burger (w/ bleu cheese) was too epic to finish in one sitting, but certainly tasted good. The beer selection was great, and our server was very friendly and helpful. It was also a nice day to be eating outside, so that helped as well. We've been told that brunch is worth checking out there, so that's next on the agenda.

The Abbaye seems to be a well-kept secret of NoLibs, someplace we've likely passed by many times but never actually took notice of. The experience was good enough to ensure that we won't make that mistake again.
The only reason this place won't get 5 stars from me is because the service is really, really bad. Walked in on Saturday night for dinner and there was no hostess in sight. The bartender told us to sit wherever. About 10 minutes later, we finally got a menu. Another 10 minutes, a glass of water. So 20 minutes in, and we still haven't ordered. If the place was jam packed, I'd understand. But there were a lot of open tables and even plenty of open seats at the bar. Bad service aside, the food was really good. I opted for the vegan meatball sandwich which was a WIN. Enough vegan options to make us happy, decent prices on the menu, and they have High Life. Bam.
Spring is here, and apparently the hand of fate has re lit the Beltane fires. No less than four of my female friends have taken new lovers, and as the married couple of our social circle it is our privlidgee/reponsiblity to meet these prospective partners, give opinions as to their merits and worthiness,knowing full well that our opinions good or bad will be ignored. I am happy to report that three out of four suitors were given the " Ceasers thumbs up". 


On the fourth weekend in a row of "meet and greets" we found ourselves in the Northern liberties. When finished a sub par meal at a local establishment which I will not name, until my next review. We proceeded to find a place to have a few more drinks and continue the 'inquisition". 

I don't know if You have noticed; anymore, weekends evenings in the No Libs are a mob scene. We proceeded to go from tap room to club, finding each place too much, Atmospheres ran from Old city meets Woodstock to the 700 level at the Vet. 
Discouraged and on the verge of calling it a night, We decided to try the Abbye. I expected to find the same there, but felt it was worth a try. 
Apparently, the invading hordes do not venture a block from second street. 

The Abbye was comfortably enjoyed by various folk enjoying their conversations, the music, and a nice assortment of beers. It was especially pleasing to see Lechouffe on tap, and they also had Yards ESB on cask. A good time was had by defendants and jury alike. 
Next time I find myself in the Northern liberties, I think i will think of the Abbye first and leave my old haunts to the new crews.
Ridiculous vegan wings. I could eat three plates of them! They have some great vegetarian options. Decent veggie burger, pretty good vegetarian cheesesteak and a good veggie meatball sandwich. They have a decent beer selection as well. I recommend trying this place and I especially recommend ordering their vegan wings.
Dear The Abbaye,

I love you.  I don't feel the need to hide it.  I will shout it from every rooftop in this city, just never deny me your mac and cheese.

Seriously, this place is great.  I don't drink, so for me to really enjoy a bar the food and atmosphere have to be awesome.  This place is really laid back and so are the servers.  Please note, I'm not saying the service is bad, just that the servers are really cool.  I've never had anything bad here.  My faves are the calamari salad, the seitan cheese steak (best that I've had so far), and that macaroni and cheese.  It's really amazing.  Even last night when it wasn't as good as usual, it was still really awesome.  Certainly my favorite of the gastro pubs in the neighborhood.
I absolutely love the food and atmosphere here.  Standouts are the vegetarian cheesesteak, veggie burger (homemade, yum), french fries and brunch!

When it's early on a weekend I need to be seated quickly for brunch.  The Abbaye always manages to do this and serves great breakfasts with super crispy homefries.

The tap list is always changing as well, which I love.
Maybe the bar was set too high.  I wanted to LOVE this place.  So many of my friends had raved and raved.  "Ooh - have you been to The Abbaye?"  "You HAVE to go to The Abbaye!"  "OMG - I want to take the seitan cheese-steak out behind the middle school and get it pregnant and raise a whole family of nouveau gastropub food babies with the love of my life, The Abbaye!!!"  Okay - that last one may have been an exaggeration, but not by much.

After a couple of stops however, I have to conclude that The Abbaye is a pretty good neighborhood bar with pretty good food.  I have had a burger, chicken sandwich, fries and nachos, and all of them were . . . just fine.  Nothing was great for the price.  The prices were not fantastic for the quality.  The beer list was diverse, but lacked depth.  Everything about it was fine.

I should note that my experiences with the service have been quite good.  If Yelp allowed half-stars, the service would bump them up to 3.5.  I was especially impressed with the fellow who was taking care of our large party (~22 people) as well as other tables, and seeming to keep up with it all very gracefully.  We tipped him well.

I would go back to The Abbaye if something specific was going on there, but I probably won't randomly walk many blocks out of my way past equally "fine" establishments to grab a pint and some pub grub.
Great Brunch location. Stopped by this past Saturday and was blown away by the Texas Benedict. A wonderful soft gooey biscuit topped with bacon, two eggs, fried chicken, and gravy. My dining buddy consumed the seitan cheesesteak with fries because she's not a carnivore like myself. 

You really can't beat the spacious outside seating and $4 Bloody Mary and Mimosa special. Much better to eat here than waste your time at Green Eggs or Honey's when their lines are out the door.
A few of my friends rant and rave about The Abbaye. I didn't quite get the same thrill. Good vibes and atmosphere when we walked in. Quirky waiter who may or may not have been stoned - no judgment though. :-D Lighting was fine, a bit muggy with the windows open. They had the Emmys on the TV above the bar.

I ordered a Caesar salad with grilled chicken. The chicken, unfortunately, was the only bright spot in the dish. The greens were meh, the dressing tasted watered down, and the roasted red peppers were... not supposed to be in there? A disappointing meal.

Despite my meal coming up short, I did have some of my girlfriend's hummus and it was fantastic. Great bites accompanying it, too.
such a rock solid standard in Northern Liberties.  even MORE standard than, say, the Standard Tap.  

it's good belgian style drink and fare.  here are a few of my favorites: the Abbaye Cheesesteak (even my vegetarian friends can't resist), their fries (oh the aioli), and their wings.  

PLUS!  i'm not sure how often they have it, but i stumbled upon their live-band karaoke one night.  that and a plateful of their fries is a standard good time for me.  in fact, if a guy proposed that as a date, i'd probably be inclined to marry him right then and there.
Big thank you/shout out to Ron C. And his lovely wife Michelle for introducing me to this lovely establishment! The Abbaye is really taking bar food to the next level.  The beer list, first and foremost, is fabulous.  They had one of my very favorites ever-Lancaster milk stout-on draft so I was a happy customer.  Now let's talk about the food.  When you order a cheesesteak here, it's a real steak that has been cut up and put on a delicious roll...not some choppy mystery meat.  Their fries are my new favorite fries in the city for sure.  Wings are highly recommended as well. Definitely a 5 star experience and I will be a repeat customer!
Excellent choice if you are searching for a little place that offered good service, and some great vegetarian choices (seitan chicken sandwich was excellent!).  

One of the other diners had mentioned how awesome their seafood sausage was --- I'll try it next time.

We sat outside, the weather was nice, and had a nice enjoyable meal.  I'd definitely go back - we were there on a Thursday evening.

I hear their burgers and fries are good too!
Had brunch here with a good sized group a couple of Sundays ago. Food was excellent - had a spinach, mushroom, and gruyere omelette. Server was really with it and fun and just attentive enough. 

People were starting to trickle in to do some legit Sunday drinking and others were hanging out reading the paper. Just the right level of intensity of a slow Sunday morning.
Typical No. Libs. gastro pubby specials chalk board kind of place.  And I mean that in a good way.  Nice solid menu, but we were drawn here by chimay marinated cheesesteak.  It did not disappoint.  Also, the cod chowder, roasted eggplant sandwich, and sweet potato fries didn't hurt my opinion either.  

I arrived here half an hour before my party, and just chilled at the table reading the paper.  The service was great because no one made me feel like I was holding up the table.  They just got me a beer and let me be.  Yes, some times, good service is no service.  

I will definitely come back.  Irish John does quizzo here.
The Abbaye is a block away from my boyfriend's house, so we go there all the time. Even though North 3rd and other good restaurants are just another few blocks away, we always choose the Abbaye for some reason. We've never had to wait for a table, their shoe string french fries are perfect with whatever that dip is they make (the bf and I have tried to duplicate it many times, without success).  

Every time,  I order the Abbaye Cheesesteak or the grilled chicken sandwich wrapped in bacon with blue cheese and red peppers. Soo good! I haven't gotten bored of either yet. Be sure to put the french fry dip on your sandwich...

All right, sometimes their service is hit or miss, but it's not a TGIFriday's, it's a neighborhood place, so I go with it. The art can be down right terrible or really unique ... watch out when you sit outside, you might get garbage smells wafting your way, though this only happened to us once. 

Lastly, during Quizzo... never ever yell out an answer! or you may be called a dumb blond bitch by Irish John, which I have witnessed. But hey, she asked for it.
this is a great neighborhood spot with great vegan options.  its very affordable and everyone who works here is really nice. sometimes they even let you bring your dog here.  

if you're into a relaxed brunch this is a great no libs spot:  there's no wait, and no super loud music, you can walk right in, get a table and a coffee and just start your day.
Really happy with my recent visit at The Abbaye. Came here on a Saturday around 1 and had no problem grabbing a table. As soon as we sat ourselves pretty much every table filled up after that. Our waiter was nice and checked on us repeatedly. They serve brunch till 3PM so that is the only menu they have offer till then. The Abbaye also offers $5 Bloodys and Mimosas. We ordered two Bloodys and they were perfect. Came topped with an olive, celery, and a pickle. H e a v e n. 

For entrees my girlfriend ordered an omelette and I ordered the veggie burger. Her meal looked awesome. My veggie burger was really good. I topped it with avocado and they provided a sauce as well. The burger was massive I could only eat a fraction of it. The fries that came with it were really, really great as well. 

For the two of us, with two entrees and two drinks our check was only $30. Pretty decent! I would definitely come back here when brunching in the NL area again.
I have had a few great experiences here in the past. I am a huge fan of their vegan wings and seitan cheesesteak. The waiters/waitresses have always been pleasant and kind. However, one night I headed over with my girlfriend at about 10pm for some food and beer. We decided to sit at the bar. The service from the bartender started off fine, however by the end of the meal he started getting really inappropriate. 

There were about two other guys at the bar, which I can only assume were the bartender's friends. The bartender begins talking very openly about how much he loves when girls with low cut tops walk into the bar, and how he would give them extra points (I assume for some bar game or something). Cue my girlfriend zipping up her jacket a little higher. At this point all we wanted to do was leave, we finished eating, and it was good, but this dude was being really immature. and I can't help but think he wanted us to hear him, based on the level of his voice. Of course he doesn't notice us shuffling and trying to get the check. His second highly intellectual conversation topic was about his high school girlfriend giving him blow jobs. This is happening from the other end of the bar, and we couldn't avoid hearing him. This bartender was not having a quite private conversation, anyone sitting at the bar could hear him. He eventually strolls over, we ask for out check, and leave. 

It's a shame that people have to feel physically uncomfortable when all they want to do is have a meal and a drink, but I guess it's even more of a shame that some 40 year old dude is still reminiscing about his high school sex life.
I am a big fan of the Abbaye. It is a totally underrated NoLibs gastropub with a rotating draft list which is usually, in my opinion, the best in the neighborhood... or at least the most unique. They always try to get seasonal brews in as well which I really appreciate. As for the food...

Happy Hour: Their Chimay wings are delicious but not really worth it for the happy hour price.. I think last time I only got 4 or 5 wings with my order. I think it's actually more worth it to pay full price for the full order.  The crab balls ARE worth it for happy hour, good-sized balls of delicate lump crab meat lightly fried with an awesome cocktail sauce.  So good. 

Dinner: Great crab cake sandwich as well, also made with lump crab meat and served fresh out the fryer so it's still nice and crispy when it comes out.  They also have a great burger. Oh, and when they have fish and chips definitely give that a try, they give you 2 huge chunks of cod and the beer batter comes out fluffy and crispy. Really nice. 

Brunch: Great breakfast burrito and ridiculous Texas Benedict which biscuits instead of english muffins, fried chicken instead of ham, and white gravy instead of hollandaise. That actually wasn't my favorite but if you're a glutton or if you just want to spend the entire day in a full-stomach stupor then maybe that's the dish for you.  

Obviously I come her a lot.  But really it's great.  And there's almost never a wait and it's so close to my house so really, I think it's become my favorite in NoLibs.
Pray to God you get Jorge as your waiter. That dude is so nice and on point and gets a million things done at once. He makes sure you're super happy with your meal and drinks.

Foods great. Drinks are great. Staff is great. 

Love it here.
Have you ever eaten a food item and thought "yeah, that was pretty good", only to have the memory of said dish grow exponentially in importance and deliciousness several days later? That exact experience happened to me with The Abbaye's seitan cheesesteak last week. When I first ate it, I was impressed. Two days later, I was convinced it was perfection and I couldn't stop thinking about how much I wanted to eat it again! It was perfect texture combination of a crispy roll, delicious sauce, and flavorful, chewy house-made seitan. The heaping pile of fries on the side was served with yummy veganaise for dipping. I snagged a bite of my friend's mac and cheese as well- pretty good, but not as good as at Silk City in my opinion. But dayumnnn do I respect the vegan options here! Not only do they serve the best vegan cheesesteak I've ever tried, they also have a solid variety of meatless and dairy-free offerings, including vegan wings(!) Great casual place to get food and drinks if you have a mix of veg and carnivorous eaters in your group.

The food is the main draw for me. As a bar alone, it's not enough to get me to come all the way across town to NoLibs because I'm lazy like that. Atmosphere is nice, understated, and pretty roomy. The draft list is solid. Although the Thursday night Quizzo questions are pretty interesting, the acoustics were terrible the last time I was here. My friends and I tried playing, but we gave up after the 2nd round because it was too difficult to hear from where we were sitting. 

Overall, a cute spot with some standout vegan/vegetarian options.
The food was awesome.  No problems there.  Much better than food at other pubs in other cities which attract people who don't want to blow their budget.  Kitchen Staff need to be commended.

What sucks is their service.  Absolutely not impeccable, which I don't expect anyway but come on.

45 minute wait for beers after ordering them?  

Same amount of time waiting for food.
 
Brought out the food, no silverware, no napkins, nothing, just food.  Not even our drinks. 

Eventually brought everything else out.

Came back and brought us the bill, divided up into 3rds.  We pay him, then he brings back the receipt for 2 bills with our change, then walks away.  Sorry but you don't get tipped for sucking at serving.  And when you come back to us and say "oh I only gave you two receipts, sorry, my head is all over the place and I'm all confused," don't expect sympathy from us.  

I'm sorry man, you shouldn't be working in the food industry if you can't keep track of something so menial as a receipt.  I don't want to sound harsh, I really wanted to like this place, and again, the food was great, but the service is terrible.
My favorite little watering hole.  The food is good, the beer is great with a great selection and though there is rarely room for it the desserts are phenomenal.  Crazy pub quiz on thursday nights with Irish John and his drunken tirades just make this place feel like home....which i guess says a lot about my home life.

ps. i think it is one of the best brunches on the neighborhood, though i'd rather that not get spread around too much....
This place is unexpectedly amazing. Great staff. Great beer. $6 margaritas (strawberry, cucumber, and watermelon). Really good wings. I am very excited to go back. There is outdoor seating for a maximum of 4 per table (they will get fined if there are 5 or more because the seats hang too far out on to the side walk) and a surprisingly spacious interior. The bathrooms are gender neutral and there are little quarter candy machines for added nostalgia.

Our waiter told us brunch isn't crazy busy until 12:30, so go early!
Awesome beer selection and lots of veggie options? This place had my name on it from the start.

Both the food menu and beer selection is on point, they've got something for everyone here. 

The Korean fried cauliflower is a must try, it's the perfect appetizer. Shareable, with a super flavorful sauce but also light enough that it won't fill you up before your main meal.

Veggie cheesesteak was good, but the double open face thin baguette made it very hard to keep everything together. Reassembly required. Utensils will be necessary. Ask for extra napkins.

Atmosphere is nothing out of this world, but the service was! Very laid back and down-to-earth staff, but they were professional and helpful as well.

Altogether an easy 5 stars in my book. It's worth the 5 minutes you spend looking for parking.
The Abbaye is easily one of my favorite spots in the entire city.  I've made so many new friends here and have had so many thought provoking conversations with people.  I don't know what I would have done if I didn't find the Abbaye!

More and more people are discovering Abbaye and making it a meeting spot for bar hoping in No Libs.  Funny thing though is that most end up staying the whole night because they feel so comfortable here.  The amazing food doesn't hurt either!  

Best chicken tenders in the city.  One of the best burgers.  The grilled cheese with tomato soup is to die for!  Be sure to check the specials board!
The Abbaye is definitely in my top 5 places to go in Northern Liberties. My favorite thing about this place is the people who work here. Not only are the servers/bartenders here kind, but you can really tell that these people work hard. They make sure that your glass is always full, and that you have just what you need at your table. They are also great because they are always willing to work with you if you come with a group. On more than one occasion they have moved tables out of their normal position to accommodate my group, and I really appreciate that because many places will not do that.

While the menu is a bit small for my liking, everything on it is a good choice. I've had the wings, mussels, crabcake sandwich, Mac and cheese , and a few other things from the specials menu here, and I've always been impressed.

Last but not least, this place is affordable. Their happy hour is awesome (although I wish it was 5-7 rather than 4-6) and their features brewery pint nights are also a great deal. 

I like that the Abbaye is a tad out of the way of the Piazza-goers so it can still be somewhat of a hidden gem for neighborhood folks only!
I can't believe it took us this long to actually eat at The Abbaye especially because my husband is the property manager for it and this entire block in fact. We came on a Friday at 7pm and snagged the last table outside. Man, I love dining al fresco in this town and at the corner of 3rd and Fairmount, it's just a lovely, different change of pace from dining in center city. 

We were greeted very warmly by both the bartender inside when we went in for a table and from the waiter as well. 

The drinks we had were both delish. They have about a dozen rotating beers of all sorts on tap ranging from $6-$7, listed on a chalkboard. Some true gems thrown in there. We went with the Duck Rabbit Milk Stout ($6) and the cucumber margarita ($6) which was recommended by a friend. The marg on the rocks was very refreshing, cool and crisp. Not super strong, but  just enough and exclusive what I want looking for. The stout was unique and definitely worth trying for any fan of "milkier" beers. 

We probably ordered one dish too many for our table of 4 but there were some many veg friendly options we just had to try them:

Hummus ($8) A fairly big portion for an app! Creamy, delicious hummus and perfectly toasted pita. Some pitted olives and a small bit of salad. Yum! Kiddos tore this apart and still had leftovers! 

Mac and cheese ($5) The kiddos didn't like it so much and they are HUGE fans of Mac and cheese. Hmm. There was an extra square layer of cheese on top which turned them off a bit and they said it was "spicy" aka peppery, but hubs said it was really very great and old school, homemade tasting. 

Seitan cheesesteak ($13) diced which is new to me. It does come with cheese but can easily be made without which is how hubs and I ordered it. The seitan was very tasty and juicy, but the roll was a bit tough. The "meat' itself was flavorful but overall, just pretty good, not wonderful. Not enough to really take out of the roll which is how I usually eat it. The Pomme fries which came with it were oh so, so good however! Getting a side order of these to share for the table may be a good idea next time! 

Vegan wings  ($10) SOOOOO GOOOOOD!! I've heard a lot of rave reviews about the vegan wings here and they're worth the hype. They were my favorite dish we had! Perfectly meaty and perfectly spicy. Yum! My only (minor) complaint would be to offer more than just Veganaise (vegan mayo) for the wings. It's not hard to whip up a vegan aioli or even grab a vegan ranch, but they're were so delicious I didn't really care that much. They didn't really need anything. Meat eating hubs loved these as well! Highly recommend these to any fan of wings, vegan or not!

The food came out fast. Waters were refilled without asking. Prices were very reasonable. The vibe is super casual and laid back. 

The menu is a tad smaller, but there's something for everyone including vegans and they do have some very enticing daily specials! We would absolutely eat here again. I want to try that Korean cauliflower I keep seeing! Those wings alone are worthy of another visit. Craving them now in fact. YUM!! 

Quizzo on Thursdays. Karaoke on Sunday's.
We left PYT on a bustling Friday night looking to do one of two things: dance or relax. After leaving the extremely well dressed crowd at PYT, we set off to 700 Club, but found it packed to the rafters, and strangely humid and smelly. We ducked into The Abbaye and were greeted with a table big enough for six in a quiet, toasty little corner of the bar. I went with my usual - a diet soda and the guys had beers. The prices were right, and our server was extremely friendly. We weren't here long, but I looked at their menu and they had some tasty sounding veggie options that I'd absolutely like to try in the future. It was a very pleasant and dimly lit change of pace from the rest of NoLibs that still offers many of the same pleasantries (ambiance, extensive beer lists, vegetarian wings, etc., etc.,) as some of it's neighborhood counterparts. "Yay! I'm a fan."
I've eaten here many times, I think it's generally ok if you stay away from the new orleans themed food. I didn't like their Jambalaya at all. And when I had their catfish po-boy I got sick and was vomiting for 12 hours, (seriously I couldn't even keep down a sip of water). 

While I was in the shower with french fries coming out of my nose my lady friend called to tell them that the fish was bad and I was vomiting and they hung up on her! 

But really, outside of the worst food related vomiting of my life, it's a pretty good place.
I have been here once. I didn't have a problem with the service until it was time to leave. My waiter forgot to drop the check for 30 minutes. It was a little weird. Why didn't he want to get paid and receive his tip? Anyhow, the food was not very good. Their saving grace is that they have good beers on tap.
Since writing my last review of The Abbaye, we have been back MANY MANY times (especially during happy hour).  It's our neighborhood bar and we love it.  My fiance can get his Guinness (poured right) and I can get Savignon Blanc for cheap during happy hour.  Their food is awesome; I highly recommend the happy hour chicken tenders.  

Simply put:  we love this place.  Nuff said.
I loved this place and totally intend to return.
Ambiance - it's a dive bar vibe even in the day time -- we were there mid afternoon. I could totally imagine stumbling out of there drunk in the dark, but it's a nice little spot in daylight too.  Some TVs for sports, big bar, tables all around. 
Service -- just the bartender handling all bar and table patrons. There were a decent number of people in there but he did a great job managing it all. 
Food-- awesome. Admittedly only tried 2 items but giving full stars based on the experience. We tried the vegan wings ( I am gonna try every vegan wing in Philly) and the Korean cauliflower special thing. Wings were great!! Very good texture and excellent buffalo sauce. Cauliflower also yums-- sweet spicy and crispy. All well prepared and nice serving sizes. 
Based on what we had, and the rest of the menu, I will def return to try more vegan stuff. 
Vegetarians and vegans -- add this place to your to do list.
Bonus-- the drink specials sounded awesome and prices were very fair. Guess I gotta go back to eat vegan stuff AND drink boozey stuff (twist my arm...)!
I wish that this place could be consistent, because it's right around the corner from me and I dig it.

However... the tomato soup can be wonderful, or it can taste like it was just dumped from a can. You can get the beer that you ordered and were really hoping to drink... or you can be ignored by the absent-minded waiter for far too long and then end up drinking something completely different from what you ordered.

It's usually a pleasant place to have a drink, besides those problems, unless it's Quizzo night, Two-wheel Tuesday, or the Philly Roller Girls have taken over the bar. Then it's inexcusably loud and impossible to have any sort of conversation.

The outdoor seating is quite nice when the weather is suitable.

Update: I've been there for brunch and let me tell you, the veggie eggs benedict is OUTSTANDING! Instead of ham, the poached eggs sit on some garlicky sauteed spinach and roasted tomatoes. Try it, this dish is totally awesome.
The Abbaye was my favorite neighborhood bar while I lived in Northern Liberties and I come back just to visit it. 

Chill environment with plenty of tables and bar space for you and your friends. Not too loud, but also no threat of eavesdropping. Great rotating tap list and the special brewery nights where you buy a pint glass and get unlimited refills are always fun and a great deal. 

Plus, their fries are awesome---very thin, almost shoestring, crispy but not tooooo crispy. 

Philly needs more bars like the abbaye!
Gotta throw some good vibes out into the universe.... long live the Abbaye.    Solid local mainstay since my in the biz days.
This place is on par with most other Northern Liberties bar/food places.  Fancy-schmancy food combined with beer.  The difference is that they have a regularly rotating selection of pretty exotic beers for a almost-tolerable price.  I think their food selection is also rotating but I'm not sure on that one...

I guess this is a problem with me more than a problem with the Abbaye.  I just wish there was a place in my neighborhood that served a burger that doesn't cost $9.

Regardless, the service is good and the atmosphere is classic low-wattage dim bar feeling.  But really, you could interchange Standard Tap with this place and I wouldn't know the difference.
I should preface this review by saying it was super busy when we got there.  There seemed to be a birthday party of sorts happening, with a party of about 20, so this may have affected our service.

Okay - what's with the lack of hostess stands or at least some type of sign somewhere telling new patrons what they should be doing.  We stood in the doorway while the [busy] bartender helped people, waitresses hurried to tables... all the while wondering, do we seat ourselves?  Finally when someone walked straight in and took an empty table, we followed suit after stopping at the bar to ask if this was okay.  Still - a nod or a quick comment from someone who worked there would have helped - there were at least six people standing around confused at the doorway.

After we were seated we were helped by many people.  Great teamwork but it also confused us... who was our server?  When a different person dropped off my food than took my order, then disappeared a split second later (when I was trying to tell him it was not what I ordered), it took awhile to get someone [else] to come back to the table.  Thankfully we had decided to split both of our meals.  

The burger was juicy and delicious.  I liked the option of adding your preferred toppings, although it seemed a bit excessive to charge at least 50 cents per topping, including cheese.  A plain burger was already $10.  We got avocado and cheddar.  When we were finally able to get someone to take back the wrong order, no one came back to update us for almost 20 minutes.  We had a show to get to and were thinking about telling them to forget it when it finally came.  

Meatloaf sandwich wrapped in bacon on challah bread with gruyere.  Challah bread was barely toasted, and the sandwich was pretty bland overall.  We had to devour it quickly so as not to be late to our show, and we had given ourselves an hour and a half for dinner.

The person who brought our check -- yet ANOTHER person -- took the second sandwich off the bill so that was a plus.  However, there are too many places to get a good burger in the area. I think we'll reserve this place for grabbing a beer now and then, or maybe we'll give it another chance when it is less busy.
I have gone several times and enjoyed every meal. The veggie burger, seitan cheesesteak, watermelon and mint salad, and veggie meatball hoagie are all delicious! The draft beer selection is great too! Highly recommend for a casual dinner.
LOVE the Vegan Wings here. I agree w/ Ed C that they are definitely the best vegan wings in the city. I did not love the vegan meatball sandwich, it was very messy & the sauce was a little too sweet for my liking (which is not to say that I didn't happily eat the leftovers the next day). 

The service was fine, not great, a little slow. Also, I rarely go to Northern Liberties, so I don't expect this to be one of my usual haunts, but if a friend wants to drive or take an Uber, I'm down!

I still need to try their vegan cheesesteak, but I've heard good things about it, so I'm sure I'll be back.
I think of The Abbaye as a cool spot to stop in, grab a beer and some food, and watch a Phillies game. Come to think of it, that's exactly what I did the first time I came here...

Based on the recommendation of friends, I tried the cheese plate, sweet potato fries, and the southern fried chicken tenders. Cheese plate was excellent.

Sadly, the sweet potato fries and the southern fried chicken tenders...not so excellent. The sweet potato fries tasted and looked more like unripened sweet potatoes that had just been sliced into wedges resembling thick-cut fries that needed a touch of sea salt, so as to at least make a decent attempt at the sweet salty treat. Also, I'm not sure what makes the chicken tenders "southern" other than the fact that they are fried but they could've used some "southern" seasoning and some southern BBQ sauce, because that would've aligned more with what I was expecting.

All in all, this is a good local bar with a great beer selection. Generally nice people that work there too.
I went back to the abbaye and decided to enjoy a delicious burger.  Their burgers are top notch and the fries and dipping sauce are great!  In spite of the great food and beer selection, I have to settle on 3 stars for now because of the lack-luster service.  But I will keep going back with an open mind!
Delicious cheesesteaks.  The aioli sauce is key.  Since my first cheesesteak here I've made a point to come back every time I visit Philly.  Great beer selection, laid back place- great to just hang out and watch the game.  The service isn't amazing, we had to ask for our water to be refilled.  The cheese steak makes it worth the trip.
I went here with some friends for a quick drink and bite. Both were good! The beer list was interesting enough with a good variety and the food was really good. I got the hummus, which was so creamy and tangy. It came with a little salad, olives, feta and roasted red peppers, with pita to scoop it all up. It was pretty cheap and made for a good light meal or snack to share. 

My friend got the mac n' cheese which was also really good. I would definitely go back to this place if I'm in the area.
The Abbaye can be a hit or miss spot. I live close so I tend to go often and have had great experiences and bad experiences. The staff has mood swings and can be a bit edgy but usually they give you what you want. The food is decent, and the beers are usually good. not a place to eat and run. they like to take their time... Tomato soup and grilled cheese are the bomb.
This is one of my favorite places to hang.  That being said, it's not for everyone.  It's not a place for you to go if you enjoy being waited on as if you're the only person in the place.  The service is laid back - the food comes when it comes, your beers come when they come.  Awesome beer selection on tap - always something fun to "surprise" yourself with.  Or if you're playing it low key, you can always get a pbr pounder for $2.  For reals.  It's dark, quiet and good for a quick hang/bite to eat as the tables come up pretty frequently.  Gotta love some easy outdoor seating as well.  Nice neighborhood vibe, I like to go there on a work night and sit and read the north star paper while eating tomato soup.  The quizzo is quite an experience but I'm not really a huge fan.
I love this joint, which is Belgian-inspired, dog-friendly, and very tolerant of unusual customers.  The food is really, really good here, especially the fries.  The draft beer list is pretty brief, but they often have amazing stuff, such as that produced by Brewer's Art, the great Baltimore brewery.  Art on the walls, friendly servers, interesting customers--it is a great place. 

Everybody who I've ever brought here enjoyed it.  My ex and I loved to come here.  We were an unusual couple: me, an older, conservatively dressed businessman, and she, a dissolute model, but we were always treated really well at the Abbaye.
So many good things.  I think I'll compile a list.

#1 Varied and delicious beer selection.
#2 Varied and delicious people selection.
#3 Seitan Cheesesteaks.
#4 Excellent, friendly staff.
#5 Hand-pumped beer (which, by the way, the bartenders hate serving).

This place is great.  I'm a fan.
Great vibe, great beer selection, decent finger food, nice happy hour deal. I also enjoyed the music! Super friendly cute bartender.  Overall a B+
The vegan wings will blow.your.mind! Fantastic beer list. Friendly staff. Ultimate neighborhood bar.
Decent food. Decent prices. Good Beer on tap.

Stay away from the deep fried (burned) potatoes at brunch. Other than that they've got a good brunch menu. Try the Megus or the Country Fried Chicken
My first Abbaye experience was a few years back, I was drunk upon arrival and have memories of the place smelling like vomit. (Old beer?) There was half assed karaoke happening; nothing worth heading out for.

I actively avoided the Abbaye since that time, but my boyfriend finally convinced me to give it another try.  A few months ago we went for Quizzo, which was overall a good time, except for the fact that people take Quizzo WAYYYYYY too seriously. 

We visited last Saturday during brunch and had a nice time day drinking, chatting with the bartender, and munching on some food.  I've been thoroughly impressed by the friendly service here, the beer list, and veg friendly menu. The Abbaye is now on my short list of go-tos.
On Saturday night my friends and I were starving for dinner.  It was about 8pm.  We live up in Northern Liberties, and discovered a 3 hour wait for North Bowl (to bowl, not to eat, but we couldn't stand going and not bowling), a 2 hour wait for a table at Standard Tap, not even room to get inside the door at North 3rd, and so we went to The Abbaye.  

We've been there before, and it is a solid alternative that plays music quietly enough so you can talk (unlike Standard Tap) but loud enough so that you can hear it.  We walked in and got a table immediately.  Service was a bit slow on the uptake, but they knew we were there and we weren't worried.  The burgers were good--fries are GREAT--and my friend had the lamb stew which he enjoyed.  Interesting that they have Lager in the bottle, not on tap, but that just leaves room for yummy Belgian beers to pour on draught.

A good, less insane alternative to other Northern Liberties bars, though with less atmosphere.  Always good things on the menu.
This place is one of my favorites, not just because of the great food and constantly different beers they have, but because of the staff. 

I'll be honest I'm totally smitten with one of the servers/bartenders that I have seen here. He waited on me again last night, and seems to be one of the sweetest men I have ever met.  I'm not sure what his name is, but he has a cute beard and is almost always wearing some kind of phillies hat.  Up untill recently he has always had some witty homemade phillies shirt as well but he has recently retired them for a little bit more of a preppier look with these great thick rimmed glasses,, especially when he is hanging around there but not working.  What a serious cutie pie, I wish I had the guts to ask him what his deal is. 

Although I know  susposed to talk about the bar here, I just think that he needs a little credit for doing an excellent job. On numerous occasions he has paitently knelt next to my table while explaining each and every one of their beers on tap to my friends, who aren't much for crazy beers. He has always gotten everyone great beers, and now that he knows me, will just recommend beers that he thinks I will like.  I want to steal him and take him home and hide him from the rest of the world!

Ill be honest, I'm a little sad when I go in and don't get him as my server. Everyone there is nice, it's just not the same. It is really refreshing to see someone who seems to LOVE the place that they work at, and seems to be having fun with his co workers and his customers. 

Seriously try this place you won't be dissapointed!
Probably the best French toast I have ever had. Great challah bread, fresh whipped cream, and some nice fresh fruit served alongside. Order this with a side of hash browns. Very crispy and with a lot of butter. Most things on the menu are delicious. 

Restaurant has some pretty nice decor. Offers a bunch of wall art by starving artists for sale. 

Delicious place and highly recommended.
I visited this spot for my first time 2 days ago and had a thoroughly enjoyable time.  It was a Monday, so there was an ample amount of room to sit.  Nice bar, dark and cozy.  The bathroom was clean and maintained.  Our server was very good, she was attentive and made sure to check on us an unobtrusive but appropriate amount of times, and quickly brought out our food and drink.  The beer selection left a little to be desired, they were out of 2 beers I tried to order and nothing terribly exciting.

As a vegetarian, I am impressed when a place makes their own seitan, which they do here.  I chose the Chicken Fried Seitan, with mushroom gravy, broccoli, and fries.  Sadly, this isn't vegan and can't be made vegan, which is a bummer for someone trying to transition, but I went with it anyway.  I am happy I did.  The gravy was creamy with small slivers of fresh cooked mushroom, the broccoli perfectly steamed, and the fries were on the smallish side and easier to eat with a fork but tasty and well cooked.  The 2 fried seitan patties were awesome!  The coating was crisp and mild flavored and the patties themselves were thick and hearty.  Just the right consistency for seitan, firm in between a chicken and pork texture.  Really a great main feature on an entree.

I'll be returning here for sure, and fellow vegetarians should check this one out.
If you like a real pub...a chill place that isn't a Scene...then the Abbaye is for you. If you are too cool for school and aren't good at relaxing you won't like it. 

The staff is just cool. Like cool enough to remember you and do shots with you when you return for the first time since you got married. They are cool enough to answer your questions about the beer selections even when you ignore the plentiful descriptions on the back of the specials list. All they ask is that you are cool in return. It's not applebees--if they run out of something there's no backup freeze dried in the cellar. Everything is fresh and good. Just try something else and you'll love it.

Going to the Abbaye is like going to your friends' house who's a fantastic cook and has lots of good beer and let's you watch the game while they bring you stuff. So be nice.
I can only speak to the brunch and it was delish! I had an omelette with steak, swiss, and spinach. The homefries were nice and crisp, the coffee solid and the french toast looked amazing. It 's a nice neighborhood spot and the service was friendly and fantastic.  I enjoyed sitting outside and watching the flow of morning people.
The Abbaye is becoming one of my new favorite places in the Lib.  I was mis-pronouncing the name for the first year thinking it was the abb-EYE but the bartender gingerly told me I was incorrect.  Anyway, the reason I am falling for it more and more is the consistency and the beer.  My boy and I like to wander around when hungry and usually go safe and hit up North 3rd or Liberties.  So far, the Abb has impressed with breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night drinking.  

We just went there on Saturday morning after a terrible night drinking at P.Y.T.  The boy was craving something disgusting and covered in gravy and I was craving a close by toilet without judging looks.  He got the Texas Chicken Benedict.  Holy crapola it was a monster covered in white sauce with fried chicken, bacon and biscuits.  I ordered the lowly eggs, potatoes and toast.  Even though I think bacon is the grossest meat ever, I had to try the chicken and gravy from his plate.  It was d-i-v-i-n-e.  My meal was great as well as the eggs were fresh and the potatoes were crispy and delish!  But yea, I am still in awe of the plate that he cleaned.  Oh and the waiter was the most wonderful person who brought us darling muffins that I devoured and kept the coffee rolling.

Every other meal is great too and the specials board always has something to suit my picky taste.  But, the beer really shines here.  They even draw the glass that your drink will come in on the blackboard, which is helpful...at least for me?  There is awesome porters and Belgian varieties which I love and the boy likes hoppier beer which makes me cringe.  So like I said, they have something for everyone.

I would definitely recommend hitting up this spot for any meal on any day.  The bartenders also are not annoying pretentious hipsters like some places...so it's always been a great experience.
Just moved in the neighborhood and this was my first bar/restaurant! I love the quizzo here on Thursdays, very fun and interactive. The drinks and food here are great as well as they are well priced. All the vegetarians should love this place as well; lots of veggie options.
My fiancee and I have been going to the Abbaye for a couple years now. Even though it's no longer just a bike ride away for us, we still hop on the MFL when ever we get a chance. 

The service isn't always the quickest, however, it's always friendly and courteous. And the food that's being served is pretty much always top-notch. Some of my fave serves: beef stuffed cabbage, belgian tomato soup, the fries, the burgers and the continuously rotating selection of craft brews.

Also, brunch is AWESOME!!
The crispy chicken sandwich crazy try it got it soon as I got off from work one day I was working down the street from there and said to my buddy u smell dat he said it's that restaurant up the street I said im going to try it
I love the abbaye...good beer....good food....good service.... I can bring my dog in to eat with me. (or I used to be allowed to, is this still allowed people?)  reasonable prices.  This is one of the bars I frequently return to, I love their dinner, their brunch menu leaves me a little unsatisfied sometimes...probably because they leave the amazing dinner specials on the chalkboard all day and you read it because its there, wishing just wishing you could order off it...why do you have to be such a tease abbaye?   Thats the only negative thing about the abbaye on the weekends...wanting to order off the very visable dinner menu...too bad.
This is one of the great northern liberties bars...check it.
This place is always chill with great food and beers on tap.  The bartenders and waiters make sure your enjoying yourself.  Best place in the 'hood!
My friend recently moved to Northern Liberties after a walk around the neighborhood we decided to stop here for dinner. Our server was great-- suggested a great beer to my friend and got it to us quick! We both thought the food was great-- she got shrimp with corn cakes & salsa and a bowl of corn chowder, and I had a braised West Indian chicken dish which was great.. the meat was tender and the sauce was amazing- and it came with rice & beans (and I usually hate beans, but these were cooked perfectly with a nice meaty texture) I definitely cleared my plate and still had room for their delicious bread pudding, it was warm and gooey and had a yummy chocolate sauce on top. Her shrimp dish was great as well, the salsa had a really great flavor and the corn cakes were tasty as well. I'm not a big corn chowder fan so I didn't try it but she loved it. Seemed like a really nice laid back place to have a drink if you live in the neighborhood and wanted a chill night out, the music was good and they were playing the Phillies game on the huge plasma tv above the bar. They also have a vast selection vegan of options. Was nice and cozy inside and they have outdoor seating as well.
The Abbaye has been in my top 5 go-to spots for relaxing with a good beer and some satisfying food for years.

They have a pretty solid tap list that's generally seasonal, and offer up some creative and tasty pub fare, especially the rotating specials.  The chefs always have a good variety of vegan/veg items on the menu, even for brunch.  Bonus points for having Yard's ESA on handpump.

The Abbaye has a decent-sized bar, and a fairly generous dining area.  You'll feel comfortable at a table for 2, but they'll also accomodate fairly large crowds.  I've been here with parties of 6-8 on a few occasions with no issues.   They also have outdoor seating in the warmer months. I've always found the staff--bar tenders and servers--generally pleasant and attentive.

PS:  People, stop bringing babies/kids here (or any other bar).  We all hate you.  Also, actually, don't bring your dog.  It's obnoxious.  You're synonymous with  the guy/girl at the coffee shop with your MacBook Pro.  I understand you need attention, but do it somewhere else.
I love this place. I feel very privileged to call The Abbaye my neighborhood pub.

They have a fine selection of rotating beers. The food is always top-notch. The staff is always the friendliest, most professional and laid back ever.

I would go here not just anytime, but all the time.
We went here because we got turned away from 700 because it was overcrowded.

The Abbaye is a nice, intimate bar/restaurant with a tremendous jukebox. Or someone who is my age was playing an early 90's mix CD. Either way, I was smugly proud of myself for being able to name the band and song of each act.

Anyway, the service was prompt. I saw some pregnant lady smoking while she had a toddler in there. There's darts there and it's awkward because if you have to go to the bathroom, you have to walk through the game. The bathroom is weird because it seems as if you're going into the kitchen but instead you're going down this narrow hallway. Once in the personal bathroom, glance at the mirrored walls and pretend you're in a Hal Hartley movie or some European fashion magazine. I give it 3 stars for the music and bathroom.
Having come here several times I feel I am in a fairly good position to feel good about my rating. The food is always decent, everything I have had here has been tasty, and the beer selection is usually above average. The chicken fingers are by far my go-to item and usually come with an array of tasty sauces. Its a great place to sit in the summer.

Unfortunately, the attitude of the entire staff, save one woman whose name I forget, needs a serious, serious adjustment. It can be described as disinterest and competent at best. Very rarely, do I ever feel like a "guest" or that I am welcome. Instead I feel like an inconvenience that is just there to exchange money for food. If I have gotten a smile from any of the staff ever, I'd be surprised. It almost feels like a bar staffed by people who are recovering alcoholics but are forced to work at a bar anyway, nobody seems to want to be present, or even have the energy to fake it. If I didn't live 20 feet away I'm not sure how often I'd return..
I really liked this place. Parking wasn't so bad and they have a huge selection of menu items for vegans and vegetarians. I had the vegan cheesesteak and it was good. They had a good drink selection. I would definitely go back to try their other vegan options.
I just recently moved to NoLibs and quickly by-passed the other more popular places for The Abbaye.  I think it has a much more neighborhood feel to it.  This is a great plce to realx and try the constantly revolving belgian beers on tap!  AWESOME food - you MUST have the Mac & Cheese and the MeatLoaf sandwich.  They typically have a decent vegitarian selection going on too - check the chalk board!
Last time I was here for pub trivia with Jon the drunk Irishman.   I insisted that the capital of Northern Ireland was Dublin.  He was like, "the capital of Northern Ireland is Belfast! you no good piece of piss horse wanker!"  He then gave me a Randy Machoman Savage flying elbow off the top turnbuckle while eating the Abbaye's delicious fried zucchini hoagie.  Totally weird night.
Absolutely loved everything about this place. Ambiance, service, food, drinks. We had the vegan wings, Korean cauliflower, vegan cheesesteak, vegan meatball sandwich, and margaritas which were amazing !! All made from fresh juices. Cannot wait to go back. Our server Jorge was the best!!
The service was definitely "relaxed" - she didn't come by once after we received our food until giving us the bill - but luckily everything was fine so we didn't really need her.  I got the veggie burger because it's house made (I refuse to pay $9 for a gardenburger) but it was a little mushy.  The fries are french style and crisp and tasty.  The portions are large and decently priced, and there are multiple vegetarian items on the menu so I'm definitely interested in trying them out another time.  We got to sit outside which was nice; I don't think I'd enjoy the inside atmosphere there on a nice summer evening.  Overall way better than it's neighbor North 3rd.
Hello, Seitan Cheesesteak! What more could you ask for if you're a vegetarian (which I'm not)? And I still order it all the time. I think that says a lot about how good it is. I venture out and try some of their other selections (which have always been good), but I always return to the Seitan Cheesesteak.

The Abbaye definitely boasts a following. They have good food and beer and the staff are always nice. Casual atmosphere, it's also good for groups and kids. Plus, they have sidewalk seating during the warmer months and you'll always find patrons with their dogs enjoying the day. The waitstaff also cater to the dogs by providing water dishes and ice. It's definitely one of my favorite bars.
Fun little neighborhood bar. Tons of events here, and the bartenders and wait staff are always super nice, and usually super quick. Crowd varies a lot, I've seen it packed to the gills or almost empty on the same nights. The food never disappoints as well, and is a welcome diversion from the basics, with lots of vegan/vegetarian options including their seitan wings which are delicious. The huge plate of nachos are also a crowd pleaser, me and my friends often can barely finish them. 

Great area, pretty close to spring garden for the L or the 43 line if you're taking public transportation, parking doesn't look great but probably wouldn't be impossible to find a spot at the right time or if you were dedicated enough. 

Pretty solid draft list usually, not just the same old boring light beers. A lot of local stuff too. If you're into trying several different styles come to the once-a-month "you buy the glass night" for some shenanigans.
