I've been loving Bakeshop on 20th for quick and healthy breakfast delivery every now and then. I love the egg white wrap with feta, tomatoes and spinach. So tasty! I also tried the avocado toast recently, which was absolutely delish as well. 

I'm not as big of a fan of going in to the shop. It's so tiny and gets super crowded. I also find them rather expensive. An avocado toast, salmon avocado toast special, and four largish pastries somehow set me back to the tune of fifty dollars last weekend (plus tip, for the super sweet gentleman working that Sunday). I'm still scratching my head over that one, and I'm clearly not over it. 

I'll be sticking with the breakfast bites, but will be purchasing bulk pastries elsewhere in the future!
Walking around the area on weekends, it has always stood out to me how crazy busy The Bakeshop is! While on a mission to try something new for a weekday breakfast and coffee stop, I decided to place an order from Bakeshop and did so directly from their Yelp page.

To drink, I ordered an Iced Dirty Chai. To eat, I got the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese on multigrain. While checking out the pictures of their sandwiches, I was so excited by the sight of the bread that the BEC has been served on. Sadly, I don't believe that is an option anymore (or at least this week). I went for the Multigrain Toast option instead. 

I showed up at the time I was quoted via the ordering platform, and waited a minute or two outside as the inside of the shop was very full and it is very small. Once someone had exited, I took my turn and walked in to find my order ready and waiting for me on a side table. My name was clearly marked on the bag and on the drink. I grabbed my items and walked back home to eat.

Once I was home, the bread from the BEC was no longer toasted and more on the soggy side, but that's most likely my bad for waiting to eat. Just an FYI if you're doing takeout, this may happen. There was a generous portion of bacon, my eggs were cooked as ordered, and the cheese was the perfect amount of gooey, melted deliciousness to make up for the soggy bread. My dirty chai was delicious!

I will definitely return and think I'll stick to ordering via the Yelp page to avoid those crazy long lines on weekends!
This is my absolute favorite place to get coffee in the city. 

In fact, my friend knows me so well that she got me a gift certificate for The Bakeshop on 20th for my birthday so I could keep treating myself to the most delicious goodies and coffee of all time... 

What do I do? I lost the prized possession before I even had a chance to lose it.

To be honest, I figured I was s*** out of luck... but called the bakery just out of curiosity. The amazing team helped me and worked with me in contacting Lisa who helped provide me with a solution. 

Every single time I am in the shop, on a rainy cold day or during the weekend morning rush, the employees are so friendly and customer service is always great. 

I'm Gluten Free but there are still plenty of delicious options like the soups and toasts on GF bread. Perfect place to grab dessert for a party or baked goods for brunch, just a cup of joe or sit down for lunch. Highly highly recommend the food but the team is truly the cherry on top.
"... I lived a few weeks while she loved me." Humphrey Bogart, In a Lonely Place (1950)

It's one of the minor tragedies of my dessert obsessed life that I've never lived close to a great or charming neighborhood bakery. Never. The closest I came to was walking 16 blocks to Payard Patisserie, when Monsieur Payard still had his UES location. Other than that, they've all been long subway rides. I suppose I should be thankful as who knows what my LDL would have been otherwise! 

So, a couple of years back, while working on a project in Philly, imagine my surprise and delight to find this delightful and unassuming bakery  just a few minutes' walk from me.  I'd be here for breakfast, lunch... and cookie break - and wonder why people were lining outside nearby Carlo Bakery instead of making their way here. 

The Bakeshop had/has everything: freshly made sandwiches using top notch and fresh ingredients on great English muffins (a truly magnificent Avocado Toast Special), innovative items like the Rittenhouse Square (caramel covered brownie on a somewhat salty graham cracker base) and Brookie (brownie + cookie), and regular bakery goods that were/are better executed here than at most places (scones that weren't dry or crumbly, chocolate babkas, gluten-free chocolate cookies). In those days, the amazing baker Meg (of Nutmeg Cake Design) would share the kitchen and one could hope to run across fresh cupcakes baked from ingredients remaining from the wedding she'd catered to. That would be the special treat ... on top of all the other sweet treats!

Sadly, as I moved away, I could no longer be a regular here. I still go back and sample what's available infrequently, and while I can understand the complaints about limited seating capacity and the $5 minimum credit card charge, and I'm not a fan of the (few) retail items that are not made in-house, I'd say that the Bakeshop is likely still the best bakery in the neighborhood.
Was in town for work and stopped in on a Sunday morning luckily right before the line started going out the door. Ordered a fried egg sandwich on an everything roll that had more of a bagel consistency, with cheese and avocado; Egg was good and runny, bread was delicious, the cheese was salty and melty, and generous slices of avocado. Just about perfect. 

Got some baked goods to go and was pleasantly surprised by the brie and fig scone, not as impressed with the lemon poppy one - texture was more cookie-like than scone. Chocolate cinnamon babka was excellent, and the giant Oreo was also delicious. 

It's cute without trying too hard to be cutesy and clever and with the exception of the teenager that seemed to be just starting, the staff kept the line moving. 

Looking forward to another visit next time I'm in town.
What a nice little joint I got to experience this past Saturday. It was in a nice little Bakeshop that had scones to Jewish baked goods galore. I decided to try the walnut sticky bun.

I will be going back for that bun. It was light moist delicious and surprisingly not too sweet. It was well balanced with the walnuts and the nice glaze of sticky and mild rich bun.

The cookie was awesome with a balance of salt and sweet which I appreciate greatly.

2 dollar iced coffee wasn't bad at all. I hear you need to go early because they run out . . . I'm a believer
I'm so glad I stood my ground and made my dessert-hating communist of a husband stop here for breakfast/pastries for the road. I've been insta-stalking them for months leading up to our trip to Philly and they didn't disappoint. 

The space is small and on a rainy Sunday morning it was jam packed. They have a selection of breakfast sandwiches and rotating baked goods. I definitely ordered the wrong breakfast sandwich- the whole wheat wrap with egg whites and spinach. It was nothing special but served to stabilize my blood sugar for the pastries to follow. 

I was really looking forward to their brownie/rice krispy/peanut butter hybrid but they didn't have it that day. Instead I got a chocolate chip espresso scone which was nutty and chewy. The chocolate cinnamon babka was so luscious and flavorful with perfect flaky but moist texture. 

Personal favorite- the chocolate chip muffin with a huge blob of Nutella in the middle. It takes a lot to get Weird Husband excited about sweets but this did it.
Upgrade!  The Bakeshop on 20th is my favorite Philly bakery, the best sweets I've tasted so far.

There's something for everyone on the menu here -- chocolate babka, sour cream coffee cake muffins, soft baked sugar cookies, a variety of bars (brownie, Rittenhouse Square, raspberry bars), savory breakfast sandwiches on freshly made English muffins, and scones -- oh the scones!  

My weakness for a well made scone has been exposed.  The Bakeshop on 20th scones are almost like muffin tops, with crispy exteriors and slightly more moisture than standard dry scones to hold them together but not enough to make them soggy.   Their rotating selection of scones (always at least four flavors) is drool worthy.  I've seen strawberry basil, fig and brie, apricot, chocolate chip, banana walnut oat, blackberry lime, and many more (even some vegan selections).  

As an added bonus, The Bakeshop on 20th offers Belly rewards.  Haven't heard of Belly?  Stop in to check out this frequent shopper rewards program and earn your way to free La Colombe coffee or even a chance to trail one of their bakers in the shop.
I'm a cookie fiend, and I've eaten many a sweet treat in my life. Bakeshop on 20th has HANDS. DOWN. The BEST chocolate chip cookie I have EVER had. It's huge, filled with chocolate chips. It's sweet with a slightly crunchy exterior and soft, chewy interior. It's not crumbly or over/under-baked. I'm honestly unsure how such a perfect cookie could even exist. It's fairly rich and could easily be shared amongst two people if you're feeling generous. I had no problem polishing the entire thing before my breakfast even arrived at my table. I couldn't even manage to get a decent picture of the cookie (not that a photo would do any justice anyways) because I could not control myself from biting into it from the second it hit my hands. Additionally, check-in with Yelp and get the cookie for ONE DOLLAR, which frankly feels like robbery because it's just THAT good. 

I ordered the Salmon Special for $12. It was advertised as an English muffin, topped with fresh sliced salmon, cream cheese, capers, tomato, and onion. In my head, I pictured on of those small, store-bought English muffins. Uhm. No. It was a huge, whole-wheat, house made wonder packed high with tons of salmon. It was a heaping, delicious sandwich. I honestly could have taken half home for later, but again with the no self-control. I ate the whole thing and was full for the remainder of the day. 

If you'd blink, you'd miss this little shop. It's it a super cute area just west of Rittenhouse Square Park. They've got a fresh selection of cookies, scones, and other goodies baked in-house on display in a glass case. I'd imagine it'd be impossible to make a wrong choice here. Everything is delicious tasting and easy on the eyes. You can tell it's made with fresh ingredients and lots of love.

The inside of the shop is small and can easily feel claustrophobic. There's a handful of stools and a couple of tables, but realistically, the entire shop is only equipped to comfortably seat about 6-7 patrons. I felt in the way as I waited for my sandwich. I ordered my sandwich to-go, but it took about 15 minutes to be ready. Fortunately, I grabbed a free seat and perused some of their hilarious pug-themed novelty books. I'm sure the sandwich was freshly made, but I had no idea it'd take fifteen minutes. There were several patrons who came in after me, and I guess it just took longer than I'd expected. I'm just glad I wasn't in a hurry. 

Needless to say, I'll definitely be back next time I need a cookie fix. Come! Check in! Get a cookie! The food is great!
I still like their products in general, but the last few times I've been there, the workers were a bit grumpy and nonchalant, and I waited about 30 minutes for a single breakfast sandwich in an empty shop. (I presume working in a pastry shop is tough, but I wonder if working there is a particularly miserable experience.) 

I don't go there that often due to the high pricing, but the quality of their pastries, when fresh, definitely keeps me returning. I probably won't come back for breakfast sandwiches though, because my last two orders of the exact same ~$9 breakfast sandwich were very different, except for the consistently stale bread. One had rubbery, overdone "over-easy" eggs with extra-thick slices of tomatoes, while the other was really sloppy and hard to hold together, showing an interesting lack of quality control on an item that doesn't seem too hard to make consistently.
I drool over the pastries and baked goods behind the display case every time I frequent this small hidden gem. The brownies are to die for; get the Birthday Cake Blondie and thank me later. My boyfriend is a fan of the sticky buns, and I've been told that the ricotta cookies are a must-try.

Not into sweets? Their breakfast sandwiches/wraps are also delicious. However, they do take a little time to cook, so be sure to order in advance if you're in a rush.
Despite the uninventive name, the baked goods here are definitively innovative and incredibly well executed.  I stood salivating at the counter and had extreme difficulty in only selecting a few precious items.  

First, the scones are incredible.  I've had a lot of bad scones (dry, crumby, tasteless, etc), the scones here are anything but.  I selected a maple banana walnut.  It was HUGE, I couldn't even finish it.  It was also very flavorful and moist.  I wish all scones could be this good.  

The rittenhouse square is also wonderful.  It has an indulgent layer of caramel on top and some graham cracker crust and brownie stuff.  This is a must try.

Not to be forgotten, I eyed cookie sandwiches being prepared and I could not help but impulsively request one.  I'm very glad I did.  The chocolate chip cookies themselves were an excellent iteration and the cream inside was thick, sugary, and sweet.  I cannot stop thinking about it.  

The sticky bun was also very good.  It was not my favorite that I've ever had (the gold standard will always be Flour in Boston) but this was a good version.

Bakeshop on 20th is probably my new favorite Philly bakery.  I cannot wait to go back.
I was wildly impressed with this quant little bakery. Although this spot is a bit cramped, they make up for it in big flavor! I came this weekend for a quick breakfast. I had the smoked salmon avocado toast. Seriously one of the best renditions of avo toast I've ever seen. The smoked salmon was the perfect compliment to the creamy smashed avocado. It's topped with a mild horseradish sauce and crunchy cucumbers which provide a lovely textural component. All of this deliciousness sits a top a perfectly toasted grainy bread.

Being in a bake shop we obviously had to try one of the pastries. The sticky buns were calling our names. The sticky bit was thick, buttery and rich with yummy toasted pecans. The bun itself was a perfectly made dough, a buttery neutral base for getting the sweet topping into your body. Very good! I can only imagine how great it would've been had it warmed up. 

Overall excellent food, would 10/10 come back to try more of the goodies in the display case!
I'm so happy I finally got to try this place after seeing all the foodie-blogger Instagram photos of sprinkle-covered cracked open cookies oozing rainbow whatever in someone's manicured hand.

Stopped in here on a Friday morning around 10 after a doc appointment and decided 'work can wait,' so made a beeline for this place, which was poppin' with regulars and newcomers alike.  Looks like something out of a movie, super cute and old-timey.  Stereotypically hipster, if that makes sense.  I was greeted by one of the best selections of overflowing multicolored sweets poised in glass that I ever laid my eyes on.  I'm a visual learner, so if I can't SEE what I'm buying, I probably ain't gonna buy it (why TF do so many other bakeries not display all their shit?).

Anyway, I also heard from a coworker that their breakfast sandwiches were dope, so I ordered to-go a turkey bacon/egg/cheddar on a bagel ("Philly Muffin") and a nice selection of 6 different carefully-chosen pastries (so hard to not just say, "I'll take the lot!").

The wait for my sandwich took longer than expected, but they were definitely busy with both in-house customers and Postmates/Caviar orders during the morning rush.  I was able to get a better look at all the different varieties of non-bakery foods they offered, as well as what looked to be really great, locally-sourced coffee.

For my sandwich and sweets it came close to $40 (yikes), but I would estimate that each pastry was probably like $4-5 each (they're MASSIVE), so makes sense, especially when I went in there no-holds barred on the budget.

Overall, my sandwich was okay (I was a little underwhelmed actually).  The Philly Bagel (essentially a square English muffin, but seasoned like an everything bagel) would have been better on its own with just butter (it was too soft and I like a bit of a bite to my sandwiches, like an actual bagel or a kaiser roll).  The egg was cooked fine, but the turkey bacon was not crispy at all and too thick-cut.  Next time, I'd stick to something a little more classic.

As for those pastries, the bike ride to work then back home that night jostled TF outta them, so a few fell apart.  My absolute favorite was their ricotta/Italian wedding cookie. My mom and I have made these every year for Christmas since my birth and they've never come out that good - absolutely perfect.  Will probably go back and just get like a dozen of those.  Others were 2 cinnamon/raisin cookies, a tahini chocolate chip cookie, a strawberry oat bar, and a birthday cake blondie.  The blondie was my second favorite, but very very sweet.  The oat bar and cinnamon cookie were too floury, almost like a biscuit.  So, a hit or a miss depending on what you get.

Overall, I would like to come back and try some more.
On a walk today and craved some sweet. Searched for a bakery and found a gem. A small group of people were outside socially distancing waiting their turn to approach and pick up their treats. Lisa was working today, she commented on my Vote today in philly shirt and we briefly chatted about the importance of voting. I'm going to enjoy my baked goods now, check back soon for the rest of the review.
Google "what dreams are made of" and you will find the Bakeshop on 20th. A tiny little bakery and coffee shop that churns out food that is big on flavor in a major way. Frankly its a sin as to how good their food is, which is ironic since I am pretty sure they serve their sticky buns and bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches in heaven. 

There is always a line, but the folks that work there do the best they can to keep up with the demand. There are items for both the sweet tooth and the savory minded, all that could be the item that they are famous for, but there is room for it all. Prices are a little steep but that is to expect when you visit a delicious bakery in the center of a city that makes things fresh with top ingredients. 

Do yourself a favor and get yourself there ASAP. You won't be sorry!!
I got the maple oat vegan scone which was very good. It wasn't dry or too sweet which is ideal for a scone but it was pretty pricey. The prices weren't listed anywhere for their baked goods so when I asked how much the scone or breakfast cookie was, the woman seemed very annoyed. There is also a 5 dollar minimum FYI.
Everything LOOKS nice but meh... it's very average and nothing special. It's not really worth going to. 

They have a small selection of goods and the employee I dealt with (maybe it was the owner?) didn't smile at me once and was a bit rude - kind of off-putting, considering they've been open for maybe a month? I stopped in for an afternoon cup of coffee and a cookie - the cookie tasted like it had been sitting out all morning.
I went back here last week and I had a chocolate babka, which was one of the best I have ever had!  I am hooked! 

This place just opened and it is excellent!   I bought a mix of baked goods from here and they all have been very high quality with a fresh and homemade taste.  The reason they did not get 5 stars from me is they missed giving me one item for my order.  Very nice selection and the items seem fairly priced for the quality.  Their selection, freshness and high quality should keep people coming back for more.  I will definitely go back and I will let them know one item was missing from my order.   

Update:  Lisa, the owner emailed me almost immediately to correct the missing item.  I caught up with her today and she gave me one item free.  This is the way to run a business!
If there's one thing you want to do right in life, it's you need to get the ricotta cookie here.  I really was not expecting the level of goodness that came from this cookie.

My friends and I got to Philly super early on a Saturday and it was my duty to search for a breakfast spot.  Bakeshop on 20th was constantly coming up in all my searches, so we decided on here.  

It is an adorable little shop (literally, there's only about two tables inside and two tables outside) and 80% of customers coming in seemed like regulars.  The girls behind the counter knew a couple of customers by name.

Anyways, the three of us decided to get a breakfast sandwich, which you can customize.  My friends decided to get it as is, but I opted to get mine on a croissant.  When I checked in on Yelp, I noticed that there was a deal to get any cookie for $1.  I mentioned this and showed it to the cashier, and picked the ricotta cookie.  So glad I decided on this.  The sandwiches took awhile to come out but we had that cookie to taste.  I split it 3 ways, so my friends could try it.  Let me tell you how blown away we were.  It's been 3 weeks since the visit and we are still talking about this cookie.  It was just the right amount of sweetness, so soft and chewy.  The bites with the icing part are event better!  You get that extra sweetness from the glaze.  Wow.  I don't know if there is a secret to how they make their ricotta cookie, but I'm about to try and make my own and they better turn out the same way lol.

The breakfast sandwiches came super fresh and piping hot.  All the ingredients were of quality and it was actually too big for me.  I could not finish it.

We have our usual spots we always need to visit whenever we are in Philly and Bakeshop on 20th has now made the cut.  Next time, I'll be sure to buy a dozen of those ricotta cookies. =)))))
Let's be very clear about this: the Bakeshop on 20th Street sells one thing - and that's perfection. 

With the Bakeshop, it's all in the details: caramel-covered brownies (they're called the Rittenhouse Square) with the perfect amount of caramel on top, chocolate chip cookies with just the right amount of chewiness, and - if you're sharp enough to order yourself a sandwich before you dive into their baked treats - their eggs are fried to absolute perfection. The yolk is formed, never broken, but spills out onto your sandwich the second your knife hits it.

Then it's in the other details that aren't edible, too - like the fact that the glass over their display case is constantly getting polished throughout the day to keep everything pristine. 

No one single detail makes this restaurant special in itself, but add it up, and you've got an absolute gem. If you're in the area and you want a seriously delicious sandwich, or cookie, or brownie ... or even if you're even on the other side of the town, head over to Bakeshop on 20th. 

You can thank me later.
I had been walking around sightseeing for a few hours and I was really hungry, which is my only explanation for what I did next.

I bought the Trifecta, and I ate the whole thing.  By myself.  In one sitting. 

I regret nothing.

The Trifecta is a gigantic bar with a brownie layer, a chocolate chip cookie layer, and a chocolate covered rice cereal layer on top.  It is probably meant for at least two people to share.  Did this stop me?  No.  No, it did not.  

Did I mention that this was two months ago now, and I'm still thinking about that bar?

It's probably good for my waistline that I'm not local, or there would be more Trifecta bars in my future.  I might even consider sharing them.
I had such a wonderful experience here. Coming in I was met with the delicious smell of bacon in the air. The atmosphere was very comforting and I appreciated all the precautions they are taking. All the treats I got were absolutely mouthwatering! My favorites were the maple cookies and the iced oatmeal raisin cookie. I also really enjoyed the ricotta cookie and the spiced cookie. The portions are quite generous and I look forward to my leftovers. I can't wait to try more things, sweet and savory. The owner was extremely friendly and went through all the desserts they still had available. I will definitely be back to try some scones.
Unique, pricy, quality. 

The Bakeshop on 20th has pleasant staff onsite with a very unique decor to it. From in and out you can tell management put heart into making this place happen. It has anything from cold brewed coffee to chocolate fudge brownie. OMG! The brownie is out of this world. Its tender with a slight chocolate crust on top. The price of the brownie was a surprise to me. It was almost 5 dollars for not big of a piece. Considering how good of the brownie it is I would say it's worth the price. I highly recommend it. Overall, if you are in Philly and you are in a mood for some delicious and unique desserts the Bakeshop on the 20th could be a great option for you. 

PS if you check in with Yelp app, you will get 1 dollar OFF a cookie! 

Thank you for reading this and I hope you find this helpful.
Love this place!! Order & pick up is super easy. You can call, order online or order delivery. I usually call because I want to see what they have for the day. 

Seriously, one of the BEST brownies you'll have in the city, but my favorite thing to order here are the scones. Up to this point my favorites have been the cherry scones and the apricot scones. 

Definitely one of the best local bakeries!! Make sure to stop in and pick up a treat (or two... or three...) to-go!
Said I would write a review and here I am! 

I love this place!! They have THE BEST sticky buns I have ever consumed! And their new breakfast sandwiches on their menu are also very yummy. The atmosphere is super relaxing and a great place to sit and people watch out the window. The ladies who own the shop are so friendly and always take time to ask how I'm doing and have a real conversation with me which I really appreciate.

If you go here, and you don't know what to order, definitely get the sticky bun. Take it home and warm it up and enjoy with a good cup of coffee. You won't be disappointed.
The breakfast sandwiches are amazing! I highly recommend getting the philly muffin. The sour cream coffee cake is also to die for. On top of all this yumminess, the staff are really friendly. The owner is super sweet and welcomes you right in. Check it out!
Nice cafe in Rittenhouse!  I had a great frittata and a decent iced chai latte.  The seating options are rather limited due to the smaller space, but overall the quality of food and drinks was quite good.  I'll be back!
Popped in here for goodies. (I know- I eat a lot of sweets)  I purchased a chocolate chip cookie, sugar cookie, and a campfire cookie. Chocolate chip and campfire were the best. I was a little disappointed in the sugar cookie. The BEST thing I actually had was a sample of their homemade ho-hos. I almost cried, it was SO GOOD, but they didn't have any to sell. 
Campfire cookie was a chocolate cookie with pieces of graham and marshmallows. 
Staff was very friendly! I'll go back to try a different selection of items!
One word: Brookie. I traveled to this bakeshop for this specific treat and it was worth the hike on a warm afternoon. First, for my Yelpers there is a check-in deal that you can get a cookie for $1.00, otherwise, you are spending about $3.00. The Brookie is a combination of a chocolate chip and brownie and it does hit the spot--I do not think I have ever ate something so delicious. 

The shop is small but at the same time, inviting and cozy, don't expect to have spacious seating for you and a friend for awhile. For all the people out there with a sweet this shop is definitely a gold mine. I had to fight the strong urge to ask,  "Uh, can I have one of everything?" The homemade strawberry poptarts were calling my name. 

Also, I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese (why not?) with avocado, that was made fresh to order. But what really made this breakfast sandwich pop, besides the two strips of turkey bacon, was the Philly Muffin. YAS! In my experience I have not run into many shops that has this as an option, so I was super excited. The sandwich was about $7.00 w/o the avocado but it kept me full and satisfied well beyond lunch time. 

I wish this gem was closer on my path to work but I guess I would indulge way too much. On my next visit: scones!
My first time trying this hidden GEM living almost next door. Woah, what a treat! The best ricotta cookie I've had in my life. Perfect muffins, with extra ingredients and although they're $3.50, it's worth every penny. They hit it out of the park compared to any other muffin shop! And, their food is awesome too- the avocado toast is my favorite! It's a one stop shop for snacks, meals, treats, and smiles. I'll be telling everyone about this little secret on 20th street! Thank you Bake Shop for my delicious treats!
Like the cheap person that I am, I went for their $1 chocolate chip cookie promotion -- and I will definitely be back for more! Their cookie is generous in size and so rich in flavor without being overwhelmingly sweet. Layers of dark chocolate with some pinches of salt for balance, and overall a very chewy cookie. I called ahead on my way there and had it in my hands almost as soon as I got there. They take Venmo for payment during this pandemic which is also a good precautionary option to have!
A very solid banana nut scone really makes you wonder why banana nut is usually a muffin or pancake and what other formats might be suitable for the banana nut treatment. Maybe a cookie? Banana nut naan?! who knows. Next time I'll try the brookie, which I'm told is a half brownie half cookie.
A welcome and beautiful bake shop! 

So happy I stopped in.

I only had the coffee (top notch!) and a blueberry muffin which I shared with my son- but it was also incredible. 

Only three stars because I want to try more to see how the rest of the offerings pan out. But I'm excited for an update!
I ordered the famed avocado toast and a bacon, egg and cheese from this place on Uber Eats. Maybe it's a fault of the app, but I had ordered the avocado toast on a croissant for +$1.00 and it did not come on a croissant.  There was also no bacon on the bacon, egg, and cheese.  Otherwise, the toast was delicious with really ripe tomatoes and avocados.  The bacon egg and cheese (sans bacon) was on a soft everything bagel thin type roll.  Also got a blueberry Babka which arrived still warm, which was amazing.
I can't handle how awesome The Bakeshop on 20th is!

From pies, breads and bundt cakes, to Brownies, Birthday Bar Blondies and The Rittenhouse Square, to Hot Chocolate Cookies and Ricotta Cookies, to Apricot Scones....I cannot get enough!  The trifecta bar is a delicious weekend treat too!

Their cakes, muffins, pastries, and cookies are incredible! Basically everything is delicious, and I wish I could come every day and sample everything! So flavorful and the perfect balance of sweet in every bite!

I also enjoy their savory items and Sandwiches.  My favorites would be the avocado toast special, smoked salmon avocado toast special, and the grilled cheese special.

I think they are fairly priced, you can end up spending a lot if you go overboard every time you walk in (like I do), but you get a good amount for your money. Plus everything is high quality.

The staff is always super friendly and helpful!  Its such a cute shop, and I adore coming here.


If you have a chance, I would try to get your hands on some of their delectable items as soon as possible!
I've been here ~10 times. Great service, amazing baked goods. My go-to is the birthday cake blondie. I also have had their food/breakfast menu- the grilled cheese is delicious. 

It's a small shop but they do have indoor and outdoor seating.

Suggestion: go in the morning. They bake fresh and sell out fast.
This place is worth any diabetes I may encounter in another 40 yrs. Who knew the shitty poptarts in the foil drew their inspiration from places like this.  I say prayers for the cherry poptarts before I stroll over their way, and know it'll be a good sugar powered day when they have them. I'd eat here more often but I'm trying to drag out what insulin producing capacity I have left so I can enjoy these for another decade.
This place was divine. Incredibly friendly service and pastries, avocado toast and breakfast sandwiches to die for. The food was truly fantastic. Our chocolate babka was so yummy and huge. My avocado toast with fried egg was a delicious twist on your average avocado toast and I loved it. 

It's clear everyone working there believes in their company and enjoys providing delicious food to the people of Philadelphia.
My friends and I stopped by here one snowy afternoon. They were short staffed but still tended to our orders pretty quickly. I had a delicious Nutella muffin and a coffee. The muffin was so fresh and flavorful, but the coffee was on the lukewarm side. They all take proper COVID precautions which I always appreciate. You can either order at the door or over the phone for pick up. The menu has a wide selection, and I'll definitely be stopping by again!
Love this bakery. The owner is such a love, and the intimacy of this space mixed with the TALENT and execution of the baked goods...five stars easy

Also great gluten free and vegan options
Brookie. Half brownie half cookie. At $3 this is a ridiculous price. But the flavors were delicious. Super rich and so ooey gooey you wonder if it was half baked :)

The scones-everyone seems to love them but I tried the chocolate chip one and it was about average. Very crispy and buttery. I prefer more cakey scone.

Loved the muffins. Amazingly pillowy and soft!
My co-worker introduced me to this bakery. Apparently it's been there for some time, but I never knew about it. Where have I been?!?! Their bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich is completely out of this world. All the ingredients are high quality and carefully put together with love and craft: well-cut bacon cooked to a perfect crisp with two runny eggs and cheddar. You can select from 3 types of breads (Philly muffin, multi-grain, and croissant) and add various toppings (sriracha, jam, tomato, cucumber, and avocado). I got toasted Philly muffin (which reminded me more of focaccia bread than a muffin), with sriracha sauce and tomato as additional toppings. The total cost of $8 was a bit steep for a breakfast sandwich, but it was perhaps the tastiest $8 I've ever spent. Such a satisfying way to start the day. The other items in the shop also look good. I will have to return to try them soon. I was told things can run out pretty early in the day.
Amazing cookies and treats. Loved everything we ordered: 
1) Ricotta cookie
2)Brookie (brownie/ cookie)
3) thumb print cookie.
I only ever write reviews for food after I've been there at least 3x. The place is a small family joint that has to be one of the best small bakeshops I've been too.  I ordered an everything English muffin that they freshly bake with lox, cream cheese and cucumbers. The salmon was delectable, and it was for that alone that I went back to this place for the third time. The babka is just insane. I'm not much of a chocolate person, but I have to say that this creation is the best period food on the planet. Got me out of bed, cramps n all to get one of these to inhale. Thank u lord!!
Well I have to come back but I thought the service was so nice that I am happy to write a good review based on my one coffee and cookie order. The people at the Bakeshop are super friendly. I showed them my $1 cookie coupon and although it said chocolate chip cookie on the coupon, they let me pick the one I wanted.The coffee was smooth and the oatmeal cookie was delicious!! The oatmeal cookie is relatively large, crunchy outside and chewy inside with plump raisins and some kind of brown sugar or maple icing drizzled on top. I was a little disappointed because they ran out of their sticky buns which I read were incredible, but it just gives me an excuse to go back!
Cookies for breakfast
Just get it, you won't regret it.  Oh, and the breakfast sandwiches (the Philly special) are, well, special.  They serve La Colombe, so that's also a plus.  There isn't much seating so come alone or take it to go.
One word: sinful! I kind of went crazy and got two of each cookie that looked interesting. I got the chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin with a brown butter glaze, and the s'mores cookie. Soo soo good; chewy and soft, and not overly sweet. They are known for their scones, but I did not try any. I will definitely return when I am in another cookie craze to try the other goodies they had. The lady at the counter was also very nice and patient, and took the time to explain each cookie to me; especially since they were about to close in 10 minutes.
Consistantly great, the staff are friendly and efficient and the owner is wonderful.
The croissant are buttery and flaky, they will melt in your mouth.
The breakfast sandwiches are great
And what I love the most is that it is right around the corner from me in a quite part of the Rittenhouse neighborhood
Great little cafe in rittenhouse. They seem to have really creative treats (brookie, for example, is a hybrid cookie and brownie). Always offering gluten free options and vegan options. My favorite are the vegan maple scones. MAPLE ADDICT HERE!! They often sell out if I wait until later in the day to stop in. No nonsense coffee is deliciously self-serve. Highly recommended.
This place really is as good as it gets! After breakfast and at the insistence of my cousin who goes to UPenn - we stopped off at The Backshop on 20th for a few sweet treats. 

She recommended the oatmeal raisin cookie. She said the birthday bar was a little to sweet... it looked great, but I stuck by her recommendation. 

My husband got an oatmeal raisin and I ordered the chocolate chip cookie. I'm a purist... I don't tend to branch out until I know the basics have been covered well. I think it's one of the best cookies I've ever had. It reminded me some of Levain's chocolate chip cookie. Incredible chunks of chocolate and crispy on the outside adn chewy in the inside. I wish I got like 10 of them. Maybe its a good thing we didn't.

My cousin and I also split a brown butter scone. Holy Scones! It was delicious. 

I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the area... better yet... make it a destination!!
A cute little bakery by Rittenhouse Square with lovely people working there. During covid, they have been really safe with social distancing and ordering. I love stopping by here before I check out the farmer's market. Most of the things I've tried have been great! The scones are top notch and so are the cookies. Admittedly, in my search for amazing croissants, I found theirs a little lackluster in terms of flavor, though the crumb and texture were good! Eventually I really should try some of the more savory stuff, but I can't help but pick up the sweets!
I have to admit, The Bakeshop on 20th was definitely extremely good. The atmosphere in this location is great. I don't think I have ever had such an amazing meal, Avocado Toast Special Sandwich was just unbelievable. The staff is super welcoming also. I can come here every day.
Wkd is def busy! I had a high expectation coming in. Def not a good place to study because they have a total of about 6 seats. Wifi is available IF you have login in for xfinity.

I'm mostly disappointed with the croissant. Being a bakery, the croissant taste like packaging ones, super unfresh and not crispy at all. The coffee is also not strong at all and not hot. BUT The freshly baked blueberry scone is amazing 

Another place to cross off in the city tho!
THE BEST breakfast sandwich place! This place is the cutest little spot and they have gluten free and vegan options (with the good bread!). Everyone there is also so nice and accommodating. You must check them out and when you go try the roasted turkey special! 10/10!!
Stellar bakery with an easy to navigate online ordering and pickup system. Though the chocolate babka stole the show, their cookies are excellent too! The brookie (brownie & chocolate chip) was good pairing with their fresh brewed coffee.
It's a decent place to go for pastries. So far I have tried a meh spice cookie (which everyone commented tasted like a Dunkin Donuts pumpkin munchkin but without the greasy mouth effect after you down it) and a Jewish apple cake tart which was better. To die for no, but I would gladly eat it again.
Yelp check in gets you a giant chocolate chip cookie for $1! A cute little bakery with plenty of options for everyone. Everything looked delicious. The staff was very friendly. I only had the cookie but it was delicious. I was hoping to get a piece of Jewish apple cake but they said they've only made that a few times in the past and it's not a staple item. I would definitely love to go back and try out some of their other baked goods!
Everything at the Bake Shop is DELICIOUS! I have tried most of the cookies - yum! My favorite is the Oatmeal Raisin, my family loves the Brookies (half brownie , half chocolate chip cookie). Two dozen Rittenhouse bars (pretzel, chocolate , and Carmel ) disappeared in an instant at a tailgate ! The scones and muffins are also fantastic .
The homemade soups are great - my favorite is mushroom barley , followed by vegetable .
The staff is super warm and friendly .
I walk by this bakery/cafe all the time but never made it in until now. A small and cozy space with some limited seating, the smell of deliciousness hits you when you walk in. There's a very enticing case of sweets that include cookies, scones, pies, bars, everything your heart could desire. I got a mixed berry turnover and oatmeal walnut raspberry bar along with a Philly Fair Trade coffee. There are many other drink options (I want to come back to try the chai) and also savory food options. Both desserts were great and best of all, not too sweet.

A great neighborhood spot I'll surely be coming back more often.
Best scones in the city!  Best cinnamon roll in the city!  Best everything I have tried. Maple oat scone, apricot scone, cinnamon buns, blueberry wheat scone, breakfast cookies. Plus I think they will be offering sandwiches soon (early 2015). Love it!  Love Lisa and Mark too.
We had our bagels and coffee, but being the gluttons we are, we stopped in to see if we could pick up one baked good to go. When asked for a recommendation, the lady at the counter highly recommended the chocolate cinnamon babka - basically a super soft cinnamon roll with chocolate lined on the inside. This was incredible!! It was soft, fresh and extremely flavorful. Not too chocolatey either, because you could really taste the bread and the cinnamon flavors. Would absolutely come back for one of these and to try some of their other baked goods! 

Also the shop is intimate and cozy (also, limited seating inside and outside) - a great place to catch up with a friend over treats & coffee. Or walk over to the park to devour your goodies like we did :)
If for some reason I had to choose one single place to get pastries (or breakfast sandwiches) for the rest of my life...this. is. that. place. Everything they make here is GOLD.
The scone selection changes daily (check their instagram), personal favs are apricot and the maple bacon. Hand pies, sticky buns, hot cocoa cookies. They make classics and twists on classics really really well. 
Breakfast sandwiches also phenomenal. 
There are a couple tables inside and outside. Very friendly staff, who are patient while you make your careful selection. 
Philly favorite. Top 5, without a doubt.
The chocolate cinnamon babka is to die for! Get it, just get it! So delicious! It is huge, so if you can share it with someone. I was alone, so I saved half of it for the next day. I just reheated it in the microwave with a wet part towel over it, and it tasted pretty good.
The sandwiches, soups and breads look fantastic! And people seem to be enjoying them. The place is adorable too. I loved the cookies, but I'm not in love with the chocolate babka by the slice and I'd really looked forward to trying it. I haven't tried the babka muffins and will try them next time. I want to try the hamentashen too. Price point for the neighborhood is expected but it still feels high, but the products are high quality too. Everyone there is very nice and I love to watch them work in this open kitchen/bakery. The owner is very nice and seems devoted to her vision!
Took a bunch of relatives to Bakeshop last weekend and they were quite impressed. I got a chocolate-cherry scone and it was outstanding. Others got various scones, muffins, and cookies. Can't wait to go back! 

PS Very good coffee too!
Coffee was ok. The croissant was heavy (a little too buttery for my liking). The avocado toast was good, but the portion size was small for the price. The bread was a wee bit over toasted. Love their baked goods and always love the experience, but these two things did not set my world on fire. Service was excellent.
Excellent addition to the neighborhood. It is good and right to have a bakery near the Square. What to try?  The scones are perfect. They are not too sweet and the dough texture  is just right. Also recommended are the sticky buns worth every calorie I tell myself. Pies and cakes I look forward to trying.
Slow, disorganized service.  The lady behind the register was distracted while taking our order, she seemed to prioritize a friend who had walked in, serving her before all the others on the line.  Took several minutes for them to give us our iced coffee while those who ordered after us had no problem getting their drinks.  However, my boyfriend said his sandwich was pretty good.
Found this place on yelp after searching everywhere to find a place with gluten free products for my friend's birthday. It was open really early, which was an added bonus so I could come before going to school to ensure the treats were fresh for my friend. I got 2 of the brown butter rice krispee treats and one chocolate brownie. They were fantastic and everyone who tried a piece raved about them. The treats were also wrapped up in a nice box which made for good presentation to my friend. I think I paid around $10 for the 3 treats which was totally worth it for gluten free goods that are pretty unique. I will absolutely return back!
Imagine a world where the Bagel and an English Muffin had a baby.  It's reality here at Bakeshop on 20th. 

Kudos to the Philly Muffin.

I wonder if our founding fathers could have ever fathomed the possibilities.
Scones to die for, really. All my life scones have been dry with not much flavor. These are Literally incredible.   All flavors such as chocolate chip, apricot, maple oat, maple fig. Yum!
Major danger zone if you have a sweet tooth. Cute little place with lots of mouthwatering baked goods on display.

However, I was pretty annoyed to find that the coffee prices are a lie: the price she billed me was way higher than what's on their board, because it "hasn't been updated" - not cool. And the coffee is self-serve, anyway, which is fine, but what am I paying extra for?

But I will give them points for having a generous plate of samples by the register, and a creative assortment of flavors! I tried the fig and brie scone (delicious, and super filling) and the berries and cream babka (fantastic! Haven't seen babka in that flavor before, but it totally works). I also had a bit of the Rittenhouse square (crumbly cookie-like base, with a brownie on top, covered in caramel and a pretzel - messy, but very yummy), and the coffee cake (good!). 

Overall, I'd definitely go back for some sweet sweet carbs, but probably not coffee. (If I could give half stars I'd give 3.5, but unfortunately that's not possible).

---

Edit: Thank you, Lisa, for your response. I believe I was charged $3.78 for a cold brew - is that the correct amount? I paid in cash and am not local, so I am unlikely to be returning anytime soon regardless. If the listed prices are correct, however, the larger issue is that your cashier told me that they were not.
When in Rittenhouse, do as the locals do.  Get the Rittenhouse Square.  This bar is a delectably rich brownie, layered over a sweet/ salty pretzel crust, and smothered in a thick layer of caramel.  

Bakeshop on 20th -- a super cute addition to an already super cute block -- bakes small batch bites that will satisfy your sweet tooth.  The owner took the time to describe her offerings, and never made me feel pressured to make a purchase.  I can't wait to return to try the chocolate babka.  

The Bakeshop on 20th will set you back a pretty penny, but portion size and quality ingredients more than make up for your investment.  There are a few seats along the window, great for people watching, but for groups of 3+ plan to take your treats to go.

**This savvy owner offers gluten free options too.
Such a cute new find! The place is extremely small-- there really is only 1 table for sitting, and there isn't wifi (I wish it was bigger so I could indulge in some baked goods while doing some work downtown). It really is set up as a stop-and-pick-up-baked-goods-to-go kind of place. Not complaining though!

The spread of treats is AMAZING, and everything looks tasty to the max. I tried the chocolate cinnamon babka muffin after asking the woman behind the counter what she would recommend if I could only buy one thing. I devoured the entire thing right away, and was super excited to go back to the Bakeshop to try more goodies.

Definitely check it out-- tons of standard, classic desserts like a delicious looking chocolate chip cookie, and then super innovative desserts like the babka muffin I ate. There really is something for everyone, which is why I think this is one of the most special places in terms of bakeries in Philly!
Great friendly service. The brookie was awesome, so get that!!! If you break the brookie into two, sandwiching the brownie part and the choc chip part on top of one another, it tasted amazing! When warmed (you can ask for that), the center was nice and soft and gooey. The brookie is the only thing that's worth buying, IMO. A bit expensive ($3). 

Regular chocolate chip cookie ($2.50 but if you check in, you get $1 off) was pretty good. I dont think it was THAT amazing, but the sugar tasted pure, not processed, so i appreciated that. The cookie was a bit dry and was crunchy and the chocolate chips were small; i like semi-moist/a bit chewy cookies with big moist chips, so that's why im not such a big fan of the cookie. We initially ate the chocolate chip cookie unwarmed and then decided to try it warmed. We had only a small piece left to be warmed - the lady was so nice that instead of warming the tiny piece, she gave us a new whole chocolate chip cookie (that was warmed)! I thought the cookies tasted better when warmed, but that's just me since i like soft cookies.
I came here for the cookies! Definitely not disappointed!  My friend got the "brookie" brownie cookie, and I got the simple chocolate chip (each $3)

The chocolate chip cookie was perfect! Slightly crisp on the outside to maintain shape, soft on the inside and melts in your mouth. Generous chocolate and sprinkles of  salt. 


Line was a little long but moves quickly! Very little space to sit... small shop.
Wow. I've walked by Bakeshop plenty of times and always noticed how cute the shop was, but never ventured to go in because I presumed it would be a shop filled with baked goods. I was wrong.

Whenever I visit my boyfriend in Philly we usually spend part of our Saturday morning waiting in the line at Spread Bagelry across the street from Bakeshop. As we approached the Saturday morning line, I suggested that we give Bakeshop a try. I quickly pulled the shop up on Yelp to find picture after picture of delicious looking sandwiches and baked goods. We crossed the street to Bakeshop and found the shop to be nearly empty. The staff greeted us with warm smiles and genuinely seemed really happy to be working at Bakeshop which is always such a refreshing vibe for customers. 

We put in an order for 2 breakfast sandwiches (the smoked salmon special and the bacon, egg and cheese) and grabbed a giant chewy sugar cookie to munch on while we waited. The food took awhile to come out for what we ordered, but since we were dining in we didn't mind. When the food arrived, we both agreed the sandwiches were well worth the wait. 

Bakeshop you officially have my heart, stomach and wallet! Hello new Saturday morning breakfast tradition :)

Tip: Be sure to check in and you can get a cookie for $1!
My go-to "treat yo self" place to go after an overnight shift in the hospital! The place is small and very cozy, and the staff is always super friendly! The scones are my favorite, but everything I've had here has been delicious.
Quality bake goods and special order treats! Rice Krispy are not on their daily menu, but they were happy to accommodate my request for 20 Minnie Mouse Rice Krispy treats for my daughters 3rd birthday party! The ears were dipped in chocolate and pink icing! They tasted great and they were the perfect party favor for my daughter's little friends! When I picked up the treats the day before the party (I ordered one week in advance) the owner (maybe?) offered me a brookie(half cookie/half brownie) which was amazing and as a thank you for being a customer! This bakery gets five stars for tasty treats and excellent customer service! I will be a repeat customer!
Of all the sweet shops and bakeries I've tried while visiting Philadelphia this is by far the best. The two items were phenomenal, we had the Rittenhouse Square which I'd highly recommend with its caramel covered brownie goodness on a slightly salty thick graham cracker, good God. Their version of a palm sized Oreo tasted spot on.
Food is fine - an egg and cheese sandwich can only be so good - but the wait here was just unbearable. 20 minutes for a grill cheese and roll egg and cheese - nope nope nope
Takes forever if you order a sandwich. I like supporting small businesses, but they have to speed things up. Everyone was waiting so long and one of the young girl workers was just standing there on her phone the entire time.
I arrived on a Friday around 2:45 to sadly discover that they had already sold out of the brookies...damn! I was prepping for a dinner party and had to go with an assortment of cookies and it was down to slim pickings. I ordered several chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and sugar cookies for the party and I couldn't resist grabbing the last vegan lemon poppy seed scone; I love anything lemon poppy seed. 
I was a little concerned if the cookies would hold their taste for another day and to my surprise, they did! The cookies were fantastic and a huge hit with my dinner guests! Just the right amount of soft and chewy you expect from a fresh baked cookie. I will have to say that due to their richness, you only need one cookie. 
I can't leave without giving props to the lemon poppy seed scone.....YUM-MY!
Happy Birthday, (three years old  tomorrow) lovely Bakeshop! You bring a flock of delicious eats and drinks to the neighborhood,  a warm welcome, and the cutest sidewalk seating for we lucky few:-)
Strolling down Ritt Row, I popped into Bakeshop for its famous Brookie (brownie + cookie)! The shop is tiny, with a magnificent counter brimming with baked goods (heaven) and a small seating area inside (could probably seat 3 people max). With my Brookie in hand, I proceeded to the outdoor table underneath a windowsill in full bloom to photoshoot my dessert. 

This statement will likely evoke some skepticism, but please believe me when I say this is the best cookie I've ever eaten!! The brookie is scrum-diddly-umptious! The entire brookie is crisp on the edges but moist and warm on the inside. The brownie portion really captures the essence of a brownie: chocolate heaven! The chocolate chip cookie part is everybody's favorite dessert done to perfection. 

Believe the hype: Bakeshop on 20th is definitely worth the sweet tooth splurge!
Shared a corn muffin with a friend - AMAZING. Be sure to grill it with honey (I believe they had a sign saying they could do this) it was delicious! We also bought a sugar cookie, apricot rugelach, and half a loaf of challah bread. All were extremely good and the staff that work here are wonderful. Definitely will be back!
Almost seven bucks for two croissants, so they must be pretty special, right? 

Just average, really. But with inflated Rittenhouse prices.
The scones and muffins here are on point - the latter getting pretty sweet at the end, but perfect when accompanied with a cup of coffee or tea to balance the sweetness out. I got the cherry & brie scone; you can't really taste the brie but it gives it a nice, crumbly texture with cherries interspersed throughout. At the recommendation of the owner, I also got the chocolate chip nutella muffin (how could you say no to that), which had a nice, rich texture and a toasted top which gives a nice contrasting texture element - AND a surprise nutella filling in the middle that was heaven when I bit into it. 

I got 4 items in total (including the chocolate chip for $1 with the Yelp check-in offer), and it came down to $12, which is on the more expensive end but one of these baked goods would be more than enough to satisfy you! If you don't like sweet stuff as much, I would recommend getting the scones since it gives you the richness of a good baked item without necessary being super sugary and sweet. I went at 3pm on a weekday and a few items were sold out, so definitely drop by in the morning to pick from their full selection!
I love the bake shop on twentieth! Their "brookie" (half cookie, half brownie cookie) is incredible. Their sugar cookie is even better. Cute little shop with very limited seating. Not somewhere I'd recommend to sit and get work done, but it's an option if you have a sweet tooth! It's hard to walk by this bake shop and not stop in for a treat! The staff are friendly and professional.
I had breakfast here one morning. It was good but I waited a long time for it. It was also overpriced. 

My gender and race was not included on the poster of people who are welcomed at the shop, that is posted at the entrance. I decided to make my weekly Sunday brunch spot across the street where they do not post their political views.
I felt terrible after my first visit. I walked in expecting to find a certain cookie a coworker had brought one day. I decided they must have come from Carlos instead...boy was I wrong. This place destroys anything other bakeries in the area produce. There's bound to be something for everyone- from the phenomenal pastry/cookie selection to hand crafted sandwiches

The brownie and chocolate chip cookie is quintessential!
Easily my favorite coffee/ pastry shop closer to Rittenhouse square. There are more modern coffee places (La Colombe) and better places to work (Saxbys) but this is the perfect combo of cute location/ store, good coffee and excellent breakfast selections. I had an egg, ham, and bacon English muffin sandwich and was so satisfied. Had never heard of an everything English muffin before but it's great. People are also so patient and friendly! Definitely check it out.

Only downside is that the space is small so not much space to sit. Take it to the park if you have time and are meeting a friend!
The bread pudding is incredible. Love the addition of the breakfast sandwich--it's on a wonderful homemade english muffin, the eggs are fluffy and flavorful and the bacon is crispy! It beats all the competition. And the scones really are the best in the city.
First time.   Walked in, bakery  smelled and looked fabulous.  Purchased a cranberry-oat scone.  Cost Four Dollars!  Overwhelming taste of brown sugar and nothing else.  No oats, no texture period.  It could have come from any chain store.  I won't be be back.
Love, love, LOVE this place! We needed a great pastry and sweets spot in the neighborhood.  Amazing scones, brownies, cookies. Everything is delish!!! The employees are super sweet and always so friendly. Can't wait to try their soups!!! The decor is great too. Add this to your must try list!!!!!
You'll get addicted!!! The best cafe latte in town. Love all the unusual bake goods as well as the traditional favs. Oh and notbto mention their sandwiches !!! Yum
Top favs:
#1) The Avacado Siracha Egg Flat Bread
#2) The Bacon Maple Scone
#3) The breakfast cookie (a fellow customer recommended this to me super awesome)
#4) The Brookie- half brownie half chocolate chip cookie
#5) Well everything is just super awesome!!!
The Brookie was amazing - chewy, moist, soft, and super yum. Perfect afternoon sweet treat as its a combo of a chocolately brownie and a delicious Choco chip cookie!
Ridiculously delicious baked goods made with TLC by the amazing Lisa Cosgrove and staff. Interesting flavor combinations that always work. Oatmeal raisin cookies that are more like oatmeal raisin cake. I haven't not loved everything I've had here so far. 
Oh, yeah, they also serve excellent coffee and make sandwiches to order. Overall a welcome and needed addition to this block of 20th Street.
Yum! I had the avocado toast and it was delicious. The ingredients were very fresh and it was cooked to perfection. My husband had a wrap and loved it as well. The service was excellent. The 2 lades helping us couldn't be sweeter.
