Tony Lukes ranks #2 in the cheesesteak wars of Philly!  But damn that's almost as good as #1. That coveted 5 star goes to Pat's ( sorry it's my review) Let's face it anytime you have steak, cheese and bun, how does this culinary delight go wrong?


Now I like my sandwich with provolone melting on mine while others want that pump shit called WIZ. In the end buy it with anything you want on it cause it's all good. 

My suggestions is know what you want prior to ordering or face the wrath.  Having the Philly verbal wrath of God laid on you with furious vengeance for asking a dumb ass questions is just not worth it. 

Ok now back to review. Order some fries , coke and steaming hot cheesesteak. It's so damn good! Keep in mind Tony has many meat options so grab a few sandwiches to try. Who cares about weight watchers you only live once. Forget about it and eat!
I believe Tony Lukes is classic South Philly institution. One everyone must try! It's a no thrills take out only joint with a few tables out front. You'll be given a taste of that South Philly hospitality/'tude, and definitely a hearty dose of that unmistakable accent.

I remember coming here when I was just a little girl with my parents. We drove all the way down to the city just for these sammies! I of course as a young vegetarian was ordering broccoli rabe with a nice thick slice of perfectly sharp provolone and the 'rents would always go for the Chicken or Pork 'Italiano'. Both served on crispy Liscio's rolls which are baked fresh daily and thick enough to hold the generous amount of food stuffed into them. We would all split an order of cheese drenched fries and all leave totally satisfied. Worth the trek. 

Over the years I progressed to a vegan and really had no reason to go to Tony Luke's. Until last night that's is....I was with the extended fam bowling down the street. After a few pitchers of brews they were craving cheesesteaks to cap the night off. My brother informed me the menu over here now has a sammy called 'Uncle Mike' which is sweet and hot peppers, broccoli and spinach rabe (cooked in oil not butter), sautéed onion and red "gravy" which for those not from the area, that's tomato sauce. I made sure to ask for no cheese but it wasn't listed on the menu. The rabe was just as I had remembered it!! Tony Luke's hands down makes the best broccoli rabe in all of South Philly! Trust me, I've tasted my fair share. It's not bitter as it can sometimes be and it's not too oily. It's perfect. I ordered the 'Uncle Mike' with the "gravy" on the side thinking it may make it too mushy. Dipping was the way to go I believe. The sammy had a real nice kick from the peppers but the sauce cooled my mouth down. Perfect combo! I even had half leftover for lunch the next day! It was a big boy! The roll still wasn't soggy even then! Win! I will definitely be back for this bad boy again soon. This actually may not be the best discovery, but it's certainly nice to have a veg option when the fam wants steaks now!

Tony Luke's offers so much more than cheesesteaks. I guarantee there's something here for any craving you may have! 

Their meat is hormone and antibiotic free. Their veggies are grown in South Jersey and prepared in the Luke family's commissary in the city. I love that local love! Each sandwich and food item is cooked to order and takes the appropriate amount of time. Be patient. There will always be a wait on game day and especially after a home game of any kind. Fun atmosphere though. Well, if we win that is :) 

"Luke" is a pretty interesting guy which makes me like his joint even more. Check out their website for his whole story. Way too much to tell! In short, he's a CAPA grad who has produced music and films, acted in movies, and created and hosts the web series "Food Mashups". He has also been on many Food Network Tv shows such as "Throw-down With Bobby Flay". I always like a good Philly born and bred success story especially when folks stay true to their roots. Nice! 

*They now sell their sliced rib-eye at Acme for those interested in making sammies at home.
When you talk about the culinary scene in this City of Brotherly Love, one of the first things that people mention is the famous Philly cheesesteak sandwiches aka "one whiz with"!  Well, while "stationed" in Philadelphia for a month and at the urging of my Philly work counterparts I went onto to try the cheesesteak from the famed Pat's, Geno's and Tony DiNic's.  Hey, I'm not going to get involved in a "war" to declare a winner...to me, ALL sandwiches were juicy, flavorful, packed with tender cooked meat, filling and messy to eat!

On a previous trip to Philadelphia, the porkaholic side of me emerged as I had gorged myself on a couple of Italian roast pork sandwiches at Tommy DiNic's. With that flavorful memory still fresh in mind, I asked for another pork sandwich recommendation.  Without a word, two of my co-workers kidnapped me after work and drove to this location. Yikes..where were we? The highway seemed to loom over, the neighborhood looked "rough" and we parked about a block or so away from the "mystery destination".  Um, I was sort of uncomfortable about getting out of the car but, my two co-workers dragged me out.  Holy mackerel, when we rounded a corner, there was Tony Luke's with a crowd and line that was pulsating in front of its order windows and at its picnic benches.

I got in line with my co-workers who all recommended the ROAST PORK ITALIAN* that comes with sautéed broccoli rabe or spinach and sharp Provolone.  Yeah, getting some "greens" in with a cheese filled sandwich is healthier, right?  Within a few minutes, I got my wrapped treasure that was hot off the grill.  I was shivering from the cold but I had taken off my gloves so the juices wouldn't damage the leather. Once I got that sandwich, it was NOW a personal hand warmer!  It was too crowded to sit, also too cold for me, so we returned to our car. 

I was hesitant about eating in my co-worker's car but, heck, as soon as they unwrapped their sandwiches and the aromas enveloped the car interior, I had to tear into mine.  That thinly sliced roast pork was piled high, seasoned well and so tender to the bite. The natural gravy softened the bread roll even more and made for a slightly "leaky" sandwich.  Its melted sharp Provolone mixed with the bright green broccoli rabe and tender thin sliced pork that created an unbelievably delicious sandwich.  To any passerbys, we three women must've looked like "sharks in a feeding frenzy"...I truly apologize!

If you go to Philadelphia, I urge you to try the different cheesesteak sandwiches to make your own comparison.  IMHO, I thought Tony Luke's ROAST PORK ITALIAN sandwich was the Best and its flavor is what I still remember.

*Sorry I don't any pictures of my own so I borrowed a picture from the Tony Luke's website. 

#520
This is the place to be. One of the best in town, no I mean in the universe.  I tell you you need to try this place, but you need to get more then one cheesesteaks.  
If you ever visit Philly, this is the place to eat.
Tony Luke's was my first legitimate cheese steak experience.  I had to have one within hours of touching down into Philly.

Everyone, local and otherwise, suggested Tony Luke's so that's exactly what went on the plan.  I got myself a very easy meat and cheesewhiz only Sammy. No frills. No veggies. No surprises. Just meat and cheese. 

And boy the bread was soft inside, chewy outside, thin sliced meat that quite honestly could have used a bit more salt, and gooey cheezwhiz.

Not bad for my first cheese steak. Let's what the other spots have to offer.
Want to know where the BEST Philly Cheesesteak sandwich in the world is made?  In my humble opinion, The Original Tony Luke's
on 39 E. Oregon in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania makes them better than everyone else.

Chances are that when you come over, you will be greeted by a long line.  Do not let that deter you because the sandwich is worth the wait.  I like to order my Philly Cheesesteak Whiz Wit.  For those who do not know, whiz wit means cheese whiz with fried onions.  My personal preference, but everyone is different.  

They do have other sandwiches available but I highly recommend having one of their Philly Cheesesteaks if you are a first time visitor.  They make their own bread for the sandwiches, and they load it with thin, flavorful slices of ribeye steak.  Gets messy, but every mouthwatering bite is so worth it!!  

This is one place I go to where the ambiance and customer service does not matter to me.  It is all about the sandwich!!  As long as they keep making these AWESOME sandwiches I will continue to return whenever we are in the City of Brotherly Love!!
I've been a fan of Tony Luke's for years. I remain a fan after today's latest visit. 

The difference between when I first started going to Tony Luke's years ago and today is that now I have a wife who doesn't eat steak and a three year old child. So I appreciate the fact that Tony offers so many other menu items. 

The wife can be happy with her eggplant parm sandwich. The kid gets his chicken fingers (which surprisingly aren't too bad at all). Daddy gets his cheesesteak. All are happy. 

I got the old fashioned pizza steak. It has real tomatoes instead of gravy. It's very similar to the sandwich Philip's makes over on Passyunk. The verdict... it's pretty good. Philip's uses better vine-ripened tomatoes though for an extra flavor kick. Plenty of meat on this sandwich though which makes me happy. 

My wife enjoyed her sandwich. She thought the eggplant was cut a little on the thick side which she's not used to. But she polished off half before she got full. It's a monster sandwich. 

The boy enjoyed his chicken fingers. I like that they're made fresh and with Italian seasoning. Nice touch. 

The sweet potato fries... let's just say they didn't need caramel and powdered sugar on them. It was total overkill and they wound up getting tossed after the boy ate a few. 

Since I last reviewed this place, I've made it a quest to become more knowledgeable about the local choices. I've tried a lot of other places now. I keep a top 10 cheesesteak list here on Yelp, and today I'm updating it here. 

1. John's 
2. D'Alessandros
3. Philip's 
4. Tony Luke's 
5. Joe's
6. Jim's 
7.  Steve's
8.  Pat's 
9.  Talk of the Town
10. Larry's 

In case anyone's wondering, Geno's is still firmly in last place.
Maybe I ordered the wrong cheesesteak (hoagie) because I was under impressed. I pictured a well-seasoned cheesesteak with extra cheese, onions, and green peppers. Now, while my sandwich had all of the fixings, the taste was just ok. Further, I was a disappointed that the meat was not finely chopped. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, just wasn't "oh my goodness!" 

I've visited Dalessandro's before, and had a better cheesesteak (hoagie) there...the meat was chopped too! Anyway, definitely visit and come to your own conclusion, but this isn't it for me.
When in Rome do as the Romans... so in Philly a cheesesteak with cheese whiz is a must. I came to one of the most famous ones in Philly to compare to Chicago's cheesesteak. 

The location is half a mile away from all the stadiums on a dingy looking street. The building looks super retro with neons and a long stainsless steel counter. There is a window where you place your orders at. There is a line of customers but moving in a timely fashion. 

I ordered a cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions and a cheese fry. 

The Cheese steak came a foot long on soft Italian bread. Some differences were cheese wiz and the steak was chopped like in Chicago. The cheesesteak was very good. The flavor of cheese wiz and onions complemented each other with the thin seasoned steak. Each bite was heavy due to the cheese wiz. Definitely need a nap during bites. Lol. There is a 5 min window to eat the fries before the cheese wiz hardens lol. 

Overall it was a tasty experience. Not as good as I expected tho. 

PHILLY PHILLY: 0          CHICAGO PHILLY: 1
It's been a few years since I visited this historic location.     There seems to be a lot next door but I parked on the street.

There is one line to order which goes pretty quick.   

There is indoor/open dining but looks like they can pull down the sides to keep the dining room enclosed.  I don't know if they have air conditioning or just didn't put it on but it was 92 degrees with hot outside air blowing.  I'm not sure how people were enjoying their meal with the sweaty conditions.   Waiting for my food I was ewwww.. 

The fries were tasty.   Hubby got a roasted pork which he liked although he only ate half of his $10 sandwich.   

I got the cheesesteak ($11) and I only took a very small piece.  The poor sandwich was starving for meat as it was mostly bread.   $30 for two sandwiches.. fries and sweat.. ugh... 

I won't be back.  Definitely not a pleasant experience.
While in Philly and on the hunt for the best cheesesteak in the city we had to try Tony Luke's. We arrived around lunch time luckily it was not very busy. The customer service was short and to the point. We ordered a classic cheesesteak and a roast pork Italian. For the cheesesteak, the meat was nice and juicy and had great flavor, the hot peppers and onions were a nice added touch and the bread had a great crispy exterior which gave it great crunch. Next the roast pork, the bread again was great, the pork had great flavor but it was cold and very dry. The broccoli rabe had great flavor and texture, the sharp provolone added a nice salty note but the cheese was cold and not melted. If the cheese and meat were warm and melted the sandwich would have been outstanding.  Over all we had a good experience and good food.
I've heard of Tony Luke's but hadn't planned on trying them, however my niece-in-law brought us here as she drove us to DC after our stay in Philly. 

ATMOSPHERE:
Covered, open-air lanai seating along a noisy street.  Obnoxiously and incorrectly pronounced customer names over the PA on max volume.  Bathrooms are port-a-potties and there's no where to wash your hands.  Do takeout to enjoy your meal.  

MENU:
Breakfast sandwiches, hot & cold sandwiches, a variety of fries, onion rings, chicken fingers. 

FOOD:
Pork Italian - $9.00
I opted for sharp provolone for an additional $0.50 and chose spinach as my green.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  Soft bread that absorbed the pork juices, overly generous amount of tender and juicy pork slices and sharp cheese that added a nice zing.  The sliced pickles were the perfect accompaniment.  Not as messy a job that I had anticipated. 

SERVICE:
Much is to be desired at yet another Philly establishment that treats you like they're doing you a favor by being there.  On a small positive, it was a much more relaxing experience than ordering at Pat's.

As we sat, a worker in charge of clearing tables also brought over a tray full of condiments from the counter - pickle slices, salt, pepper, chili peppers and ketchup.  A nice touch but a waste of inventory as many things went into the trash. 

When my name was hollered over the PA, I went to the pick up window.  Employee Gina C. asks if I'm Vince.  Yes, I say.  Receipt?  Might have more than one Vince, she says.  As I fetch my receipt from our table, she annoyingly shouts over the PA "HAVE YOUR RECEIPTS READY!?"  Really?  As I'm waiting for my food to be retrieved, I noticed a motivational sign on the wall behind the register stating "Stop being mean to customers!" with pouty emojis.  What a waste of paper its printed on. .  

TIPS:
Have your receipt ready when picking up your food unless you want to be shamed over the PA system. 

Bring handy wipes. 

Thankfully no tipping was necessary even with card payments. 

OVERALL:
Good price and portion, crabby service by Gina C.
Want a good Philly cheesesteak? The best kinds seem to come from a place named after some guy. Pat, Geno, John, Sonny, and then there's Tony Luke. That last one made up my meal a few weeks ago right before heading off to the nearby Wells Fargo Center. And Tony did his job of providing a quality Philly meal.

This was my second time at this Tony Luke's, but my first experience came at the Borgata in AC many moons ago. In fact, TL's are popping up all over. Check their site and apparently they're expanding to Texas and Florida. A bit more commercialization than one might think from a Philly originator, but they're grinding out good grub so why not?

Back to Philadelphia. You're not coming to Tony Luke's for the ambiance. It feels like being inside a cargo container from its size and length. Only difference is this one is filled with cheesesteaks! There are a few picnic tables at the end for seating and that's about it. Similar in set up to many other "guy named" cheesesteak spots, though it doesn't give off the same nostalgic feeling that, for example Pat's, emanates. Even so, you'll still get quality "wit whiz" here. 

That's my cheesesteak order every time. It's just so classic. There are other cheese options (my buddy gets white American), but if you've never had one that whiz way, just do it. Rocky would be proud. When you get your steak, Tony Luke's doesn't cut their hoagies in half so either you defile the thing by trying to rip it apart, or go two handed and start at one end. It might be messy, but a little whiz never hurt nobody. 

Beyond the steak, Tony's dabbles in some other sandwich options including the dark horse Philly favorite: roast pork Italian. I didn't dine on one that night, but I've had them in the past. It's not DiNic's, but if you're feeling pork, you won't be disappointed. I did share some sweet potato waffle fries with my buddy. These were delightfully covered in a caramel sauce and sprinkled with confectionery sugar. Sweet and tasty stuff!

Overall, Tony Luke's is a viable option to curb your appetite in the land of the cheesesteaks and roast porks. Maybe you'll come across one of these spots in a state near you, but if you're looking for the true real deal, drive to South Philly, and order one with your fellow brethren.
You find yourself in Philadelphia and in search of the perfect cheesesteak. What exactly does that entail in your books? In my books, good bread, juicy steak, and cheese whiz is a solid sandwich. I have not had many of the cheesesteaks that Philly has to offer but I've been here everytime that I've visited. 

For me, the order is a cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz as my choice of "cheese." The cheese is in quotes because technically its not a pure cheese product and does come in spray cans as well like whip cream does. We ordered a few cheesesteaks with cheese whiz, regular provolone, and sharp provolone. We all agreed that the whiz binds together the sandwich really well whereas the provolone doesn't melt as well and the sharp flavor masks the other flavors of the sandwich. 

Aside from the sandwiches, there is also a station for pickle slices as well as whole pickled peppers. Take a bite between the sandwiches and you're in heaven. The salty/briny pickles help cut through the rich taste of the beef and cheese. 

Make sure to have someone scout out for spaces as people finish up their food so you have a place to sit down and eat!
I once thought Tony Luke's was worthy of being above the "tourist trap" designation. 

It had been a while since I've been here. I gave them a shot today. 

Whatever was not true then may be true now. 

This wasn't a bad cheesesteak. There's nothing wrong with it. But I've had a lot of different cheesesteaks in town since I last had an original Tony Luke. 

And now I'm noticing that the beef flavor just doesn't sit the same way here as other places. I'm noticing that it seems saltier with the cheese. I'm noticing that the flavors don't seem to marry as well as other places. I'm noticing that it seems to be a little greasier than others. 

There's nothing wrong with Tony Luke's. They have many great sandwiches. The rolls are wonderful. 

But as of today, they've fallen out of my top 10 in the city. There's newer places and classic places just doing this sandwich better right now. 

1. Angelo's 
2. John's 
3. Woodrow's 
4. Oh Brother 
5. Dalessandro's 
6. Philip's 
7. Ace of Steaks 
8. Max's 
9. Joe's 
10. Gooey Louie's

Honorable mentions: 
- Jim's 
- Steve's 
- Tony Luke's 
- Ishkabibble's 
- Pat's
7 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)

Protip:  There's a big open lot right next to TL's.  I spent a few minutes parallel parking in front of the restaurant, sat in the car as I wondered if it was legal (and watched people give me funny looks from inside), then whipped around and found the lot.

It was a cold winter night when I came here, and was disappointed that while there was an indoor area here, it was still freezing.  The Italian roast pork teased me, but I was on a cheesesteak mission, so I went with the steak Italian.

Oh.  Em.  Gee.  I never knew provolone could have such a kick.  It was sharp, slightly sour, and literally gave me pause.  The rabe was an addition I think every cheesesteak place should adopt.  It was a fantastically dark green and let me justify that I was getting some veg in my diet.  It's really close to the airport, so I definitely recommend it if you're visiting.  Next time I'm coming for the pork Tony!
Update review, I wasn't impressed with Tony Luke's cheesesteak last time around, and was craving a roast pork sandwich this time, and unfortunately John's Roast Pork is closed on Sundays. So I returned to Tony Luke's to give their roast pork a try. I ended up ordering two. One with spinach like they serve it at Johns and one with broccoli rabe which I've seen all over Philadelphia. Although very filling, neither one impressed me. The pork was a little try and lacked flavor. I also ordered another cheesesteak and tasted just how it tasted last time. I really only returned because it's conveniently located close to the sports complex. Don't know if I'll be returning on my next visit.
2.5 stars. It's not bad but it's not best thing I've had in my life either. Maybe I'm just not used to Philadelphia style cheesesteaks but I've had better in Baltimore and in other cities. 

The first time I came here a few years ago, I was told they were not doing chicken at that moment due to something about cleaning the grill. So I had a regular cheesesteak and it wasn't memorable. 

I decided to try my luck this past weekend with a chicken cheesesteak. It's literally cooked unseasoned chicken, onions, and provolone on a toasted sub. That's it's. 

Very dry and very underwhelming. The staff seemed cool I guess? The area of the restaurant is a little sketchy but eh.
Me cave man.  Me like steaks.  Me try Pat's and Geno's and me not like Pat's and Geno's steaks.  Me like better tasting steaks.  Me try Tony Luke's and me really like Tony Luke's steaks.  Tony Luke's steaks have excellent bread.  Not glorified hot dog bun like other steak places in Philly town.  Me like how steak is higher quality and more delicious than other steaks in Philly town.  Me like steaks.  Me come back twice in one week for Tony Luke's steaks.  Me worry about heart sometimes.  Me like steaks though.  Tony Luke has best steaks in all of Philly town.  Obvious that Tony Luke takes food more serious than Pat's and Geno steaks.  Me laugh at difference between steaks.  No comparison really.  Me like Tony Lukes.
Reviews on Philly cheesesteaks (when you're getting them..IN PHILLY) are inevitably going to be compared.  With that said, I can only compare Tony Luke's to Pat's at this time with a few major things to mention.

1.  Specify the cheese.  If you don't, it comes with American.  Oh how I longed for the whiz...
2.  Meat is dry and compared to Pat's and from some of the pics from yelpers, they totally skimped on ours.  Where's the juice?!  I expect a mess to happen when biting into a cheesesteak...i.e. meat, juice, cheese, pouring out with each bite.  Nothing going on here.
3.  They win me over with their bread.  Phenomenal bread! 

 Loved that when we went it wasn't crowded and we got a table.  Hot peppers and pickles, mustard and ketchup all available at the bar cart on the side.

3 stars for now.  I will be back for that WHIZ!!
I guess not all Philly Cheesesteaks are created equal???  We've had Geno/Pats and really wanted to try John's Roast Pork but... gahhhh didn't realize they close on Sundays! WTF? 

Anyway.. that's how we ended up here at Tony Lukes... pretty sure so did other visitors on a Labor Day weekend trip to Philly! lol 

We got both the Roast Pork w/ broccoli rabe and Cheesesteak to try.  Without adding the pickled peppers... the cheesesteak lacked flavors....  Thankfully the roast pork sandwich was decent.  Once you add those spicy peppers, it definitely added a notch of goodness! 

So, plan ahead and know their schedules!

#phillygoodeats
#thisisamiss
#yelplife
If I learned anything from my Tour de Cheesesteak (read: Tour de Fat), it is that Tony Luke's has the best damn cheesesteak in all of Philadelphia. I may have had to consume a bajillion calories over the weekend and gain 10 pounds in order to make this discovery (looking real hot right now), but it was all worth it because I now no longer have to search high and lo to find the perfect cheesesteak. I'm #teamtonylukes all the way from here on out. 

I'm not sure whether it's the huge heaping of juicy, savory steak in the cheesesteak, the warm, cheesy goodness of the Whiz, the delicious mushrooms (which actually don't have the canned taste like many other places have--PASS), fried onions or some other magical crack, but boy, oh boy does Tony Luke's know how to make a cheesesteak. 

And don't even get me started on the cheesesteak pazottis, which I shamelessly devoured in addition to my cheesesteak. Not even the slightest bit ashamed of how much I ate. It was worth every single bite (and calorie).
I was on a five day modeling trip to the City of Brotherly Love, and decided while I was here, I would take my only days in town, and eat at all the famous Cheese steak places.  From my research, I deduced these to be Pat's, Geno's, Campo's Deli, Jim's, and Tony Luke's

I ate one cheesesteak a day, and all the same way: Whiz, without. 

Sidenote: For those of you who may not know, when ordering a cheesesteak, you walk up to the counter, and tell them how many you want, and what you want on each.  Let's say you wanted two sandwiches, one with whiz and no onions, and the other with provolone and onions.  This is what you would say:  

I need 2, 1 whiz, without; the other, provolone, with.  (the with/without is for the onions)

Go up there, and hesitate, and you'll only piss off the counter guy, and take more then 5-10seconds, and they'll send you to the back of the line.  Seriously

Back to the review:  Pats had better Fries, but Geno's had the better cheesesteak that day.  Campo's was better then both of them, and Jim's above that.  But then.. oh then... There was Tony Luke's.  Tony Luke's had the freshest, best cooked meat.  Pat's and Geno's were both too well done, and Jim' and Campo's were good, but Tony Luke's was an excellent medium-rare, and juicy.  The whiz was just the right amount.  Not too much like Geno's, and not too little like Campo's. The sandwich was huge and filling, unlike Jim's, and the fries were perfect. 

I'm pretty sure I put on 5 lbs eating one of these a day, but now I can officially say where I believe to be the best Cheesesteak in Philly.  I would encourage everyone to do this test, as it was always delicious, and there are so many different people who argue for each of these, that you really should try them for yourselves before settling on one.  

Tony Luke's: The Best Cheesesteak in Philly!
Set in an industrial part of Philly, Tony Luke's serves a decidedly blue collar crowd great sandwiches with typical City of Brotherly Love hospitality.  I really should have warned my friend to be ready when he got to the window;

Order taker:  Watcha want?
My Friend: Cheesesteak?
Order taker: Cheese?
My Friend: Yes
Order taker:  (with look of exasperation) What cheese?
My Friend: Do you have provolone?
Order taker: (eye roll) Uh, yeah...  peppers or onions?
My Friend: Hmmmmmmmm, let me think.
Order taker: (Murderous Glare)

I left at that point because I didn't want to get blood on my roasted pork sandwich.  

That's right, I didn't get a cheese steak.  The cheese steaks are great, but the roasted pork is beyond description... make sure to get it with the aged provolone....  and make sure you know your order before you get to the window (if ya know whats good for yuz).
So good for "Italian" hot sandwiches, cheese-steaks and roast pork with greens.
Garlicky spinach and sharp provolone (50 cents more).

I had a cheese steak hoagie - and it was one of the best (Tony Luke's and Jim's beat Pat's and Geno's any day!)

Fresh bread.

Good stuff!
Jim's Check, Pat's Check, Geno's Check ... onto Tony Luke's. So what did I learn about Tony Luke's?

1. As rumored, the employees are far from nice. The cashier was sort of rude as she didn't even bother to look at anyone when they ordered. It's as though she wasn't talking to me, but the register instead. The only words that came out of her mouth were "What do you want?" Just because your "restaurant" is popular it doesn't give you a right to talk like you are the Queen of the jungle. Although, one nice thing is that you can sit at a table while waiting for your cheesesteak because they will tell you when your order is ready thru a microphone.

2. Expect to wait 10 minutes for ONE cheesesteak to come out! Seriously?! In all my life of ordering a simple cheesesteak, the second I paid for it, it was already in my hand, but Tony Luke's somehow managed to create the suspense of standing to the side for 10  minutes after ordering it.

3. The cheesesteak is "ehhhh...". I ordered the Cheesesteak with Provolone and the bread was hard and the steak was very dry. The fact the bread stayed together meant there were no juices flowing out of the steak at all. 

4. There's a private parking lot so woohoo!

Overall, Tony Luke's, you let me down. I do plan on coming back to try the Cheesesteak with Whiz, but don't look forward to it.
The Cheesesteak of the locals of South Philly, ask guys from my area "where's the best cheesesteak here? " and they will never answer the two shops on the end of good 'ol 9th street, it's always Tony Luke's this is where the Locals and not the TOURISTs eat. after or before a Phillies or Eagles game you have to get a Tony Lukes cheesesteak or the Brocolli Rabe. The Roast  Pork Italiano  Sandwich also is a favorite staple to any trip here. they got parking too under I-95. 

They also honor credit or debit cards which is a huge convenience. 
Ask any South Philly guy its got to be Tony Luke's believe me I'd rather drive all the way there than walk a couple of blocks to P or G's.
On our way out of town we stopped at Tony Luke's (actually, we tried John's Roast Pork first but despite a listing on their website claiming they are open Saturdays, they were closed) for what else? A Philly cheese steak, of course!

We ordered the Steak Italian with broccoli rabe and a cheese steak with whiz. The sharp provolone on the Steak Italian was woefully unmelted but I really liked the broccoli. The cheese steak with whiz was better but not as juicy and flavorsome as I might have expected.

Philadelphians, I implore you to regale me with your wit and wisdom on the best cheese steaks in town because I'm unconvinced that Tony Luke's is where it's at. I'll be back in a month or so to do further taste tests!
After going to Gino's a few months back, I didn't know what to expect since that experience was less than stellar. I got to Tony Luke around 2 PM and the line was nuts!! Always a good sign ;) First off, I like the fact that the cheesestakes were not made in .5 seconds, but instead it took about 5-10 minutes. The crowd was nice, friendly. So we got 3 subs, 2 cheesestakes one with white american and the other with cheese wiz and the roast pork sandwich that I heard was great. 

Cheesestake with American - this was good, but it was missing a little bit of that pow.
Cheesestake with Cheese qiz - Delicious, perfect! The bread was soft and chewy, the cheese was gooey and the meat was cooked perfectly. The bread was good in all sandwiches.
Roast Pork - I didn't, neither did the other 2 people accompanying me care for it. Would not get the Parmesany vinegary sandwich.

I didn't realize that I had to ask for Onions (not sure, but if they did that) until after we were sitting in the car eating, but I can imagine how that would make these sandwiches perfect.
By far my favorite cheesestake, I am glad its not close close to my house here in VA, or I might have a few more pounds on me ;)
Awful

This the first of the 4 big hitters that I visited while in Philly.  Now I am sure if I just caught this place on a bad day but the sandwich I got was awful.  

Mushy wet roll, stringy tough beef, and a gallon of hardened cheez wiz.  The place was packed and our order took forever to come out.  The only thing I can think is that our order sat behind the counter for a while and the sandwich hardened up.  However, this place should never serve a sub par cheesesteak, that's their specialty.  

I am doing 3 other reviews of the big boys in town so if your interested take a look.  Of the 4, Tony Luke's was at the bottom. 

Sorry Tony
Forget Pat's and Geno's, you tourist.  They're been riding off their undeserved reputation for what seems like decades; meanwhile, the best cheese steak in Philly is where the locals go - Tony Luke's.

That's it.  I've said enough.
Tony Luke's came so highly recommended, I salivated over the hype well before any griddled and spattered grease clouds taunted the olfactics.

A group of four parked beneath a nearby overpass and left a party of two to mind the wheels while we trekked a slow-paced queue from the front door, through the back corner, to the front corner until finally - the order window.

Being the sandwich that defines a city, downing at least one whiz wit is standard practice. That said, it's impossible to pass up the allure of a roast pork with broccoli rabe and provolone, so my pahdna-in-grime and opted to split the two 'wiches in a battle royale.

In this corner, COW AND PASTEURIZED CHEESE FOOD.
And in this corner, PIG AND PLANT.

dingdingding

Less than four minutes later, the victor emerged, well, victorious. Call it blasphemy, but the cheesesteak didn't hold a candle to the roast pork. Too little whiz over near flavorless, shaved and oil-slicked steak left me bumming, only to be reinvigorated by the sharp provolone, bitter rabe and juicy brined pork. Fantastic bread is a push; the fight goes to PIG.

Like a good anti-tourist, I'll steer clear of the big three in my return trips to Philly and wait in antici... pation for another local CS must-eat. And because there are many, Tony Luke's goes on the back burner.
East-coast food stop #4 was at the infamous Tony LuuuUUUUke in lovely Philly. It is so good to be back in Philly. It brings me back to the Boys II men days, when everyone was grooving and jiving to "Motownphilly back again, Doin' a little eastcoast swang!"

I was really excited about Tony Luke's after seeing Adam on Man vs Food devour this delicious cheese steak. So I had to try it! 

The restaurant was clean and there were plenty of tables to sit at. I went to the counter and order my cheese steak with whiz for $8. I also ordered a side of sweet peppers for $3 and they were extremely TASTY!

At Tony's they use sliced rib eye rolled up into an Italian roll. The roll was a little dry and there was not enough meat. I was very disappointed and felt someone busted a robbery on me. 

Dayam you Adam! I was bamboozled!
Came here for a great pizza steak again today.  Despite other reviews, TLs has fenced parking next door on Oregon Ave., adjacent to restaurant.  Headed westbound on Ore Ave,, turn right into lot just after I95 underpass.  Headed eastbound, one can turn left into parking unless 18-wheelers are turning left onto Front, blocking your turn.
Mmmm Tony Luke's. I'm coming back for you.

We did the challenge and went to Geno's, Pat's and Tony Luke's. Let's not even talk about Geno's.

The pork italian with spinach is the best sandwich ever. The sauteed spinach had a creamed texture, I guess from the melted provolone on top of it. There was a lot of spinach stuffed in the bottom of the sandwich and layers of thinly sliced flavorful roast pork on top. The bread was good too with the perfect amount of bounce.

We ordered the cheesesteak with wiz, onions, peppers and mushrooms. It was a great balance and everything came together well. Steak was thinly sliced and melt-in-your mouth. Good, but I love my wiz on a cheesesteak. Lots of it. Like drowning. For me, the clear winner in terms of cheesesteaks, is Pat's.

BUT if you like balance, Tony Luke's cheesesteak is it, and you definitely need to get the pork italian. It's mind blowingly good. I think next time I may even need to try it with broccoli rabe, and I hate broccoli rabe.

As always with these places, cash only. The cashier lady was stern and very to-the-point, but I get it. There's a line and you don't want people waiting. Fine. The only thing that I didn't like was that we waited about 15 minutes to get our sandwiches. At least there's shade to wait under.

Oh, and we got the chili cheese curly fries. Gluttonous but so worth it.
OK, I've got a real problem with these "cheesesteak stands" that assume everyone is so "enthralled" with getting a cheesesteak that we don't mind waiting for 20 minutes in rain, snow, or 100 degree weather to get it!!!!  Who came up with this concept??  

For one thing, no matter WHAT kind of day you go on, your food will NOT be hot by the time you eat it!!!  So... with that being said, I'm not really a fan of Pat's, Geno's, or Tony Luke's!!  Of the three, I frequent Geno's the most.  (By default, usually, because their line is often shorter than Pat's.)

To its credit, though, Tony Luke's has more variety with their cheesesteaks. I prefer chicken cheesesteaks, and neither Pat nor Geno's has them. I also like that you can get broccoli rabe or spinach on them, which is another plus. They have very good fries too. 

All three of these places are overpriced!!!  

Also, Tony Luke's chicken cheesesteaks are pretty bland, so it is a MUST that you ask for salt, pepper and oregano or it will be pretty tasteless.

The service is a lot better than Geno's with their rude "speak english" signs, and Pat's which is always dirty.  The cashiers were friendly to me each time I went and that means a lot. 

Overall, though, I have had better cheesesteaks in Philly.
Yet another fail. I'm no stranger to cheesesteaks. Let me just say that. My mother is from Philly but she raised me in MD. We would come up regularly to see family and sometimes just take day trips just for cheesesteaks... Our go to was always Explorer's Den which was way better than it is now but that's another review. 

So I just left philly and my goal whenever I come up is to try as many cheesesteak spots in search of a new "cheesesteak home" if you will. This time I came up and tried a few and decided to save Delesandro's for last which was a total waste and disappointment. Also another review. 

After being totally let down at Delesandro's, I shot over to Tony Luke's on Oregon. I had previously had a sandwich from the one in King of Prussia mall and it was actually good. I asked the cashier if it would be just as good as the real spot and she assured me that it would be. So after Delesandro's fail I figured Tony Luke's would be a good fall back on my way back down the road. Boy was I wrong!!! 

The steak wasn't chopped and it tasted like a straight steak-um sandwich. I mean it was bad. My whole life, all I ever got on my sandwich would be provolone (wiz is wack), fried onions and ketchup. I guess I'm a purist. A good sandwich will speak for itself and you won't need all that extra $h!t. And I guess the new thing, or new to me is to cook mounds of steak, mounds of onions and slap bread and cheese on and hope it melts. I don't know but it gives these steaks no flavor at all. 

Two finale shots failed in one day. I'm sent back down the road unsatisfied and wanting more. $9+ wasted with half the sandwich gone to the dog. I'll never go back here. The one in the mall... sure.
Tony Luke's, if you've been living under a rock, is a staple in Philadelphia. They have incredibly delicious sandwiches. They have an enclosed dining area that is opened for the nice weather. There is usually a line ( for good reason) but the line moves fairly quick. You place your order wait for your name to be called and then it's time to enjoy your masterpiece of a Sandwich. They have a fantastic steak Sandwich however my favorite is the Chicken Italian. It comes with two breaded, deep fried chicken patties with old school taste. You can get brocolli rabe or spinach. Add some sharp Provolone and boy you will be in Heaven, for a while too, because this Sandwich is huge. The dining area is immaculate and the staff is very friendly and professional. If you are ever in Philly, take the opportunity to give this iconic Sandwich joint a visit.
My standard gluttony meal is normally not a cheese steak but when in Philadelphia ..... you get a Philly cheese steak. The night prior we had been hanging out in Philly (as one does the night the Eagles win their first super bowl) so clearly the next morning I woke up craving terrible food to help ease my hungover body. Naturally, we decided to get a cheese steak. There are so many options that it can be a little overwhelming but some dude had made a youtube video of him eating 16 different sandwiches in 12 hours. We went with his top choice of Tony Luke's. This is a chain but we went to this one in south philly on our way out of the city. 

The line was already out the door. Thankfully, they are efficient at taking and giving orders so we waited maybe 20 minutes to get to the front.  The ladies are very quick and can be a touch impatient if you waste their time so know your order before getting up there. Cheese steak with ___ cheese and (onions, peppers, mushrooms etc). Give your name, pay her money and step to the side to wait. You'll be lucky to get a table when there is a big line but we managed it. Our order came up pretty fast and soon, we were staring at a monstrous sandwich fit to conquer any empty stomach. I have to say that it was better than any cheese steak I have gotten in NYC. The roll was truly key with its crisp outside and soft inside. The beef was even a different quality and you could taste the difference from all the steak-ums type sandwiches that I have had in the past. I made it through 2/3rds before giving up and handing it off to my beau. After finishing, we mustered up the courage to get into the car for an hour and a half ride back up to NY. We survived thanks to the sustenance that Tony Luke's provided.
Oh Tony Luke's! You made us New Yorkers very happy. 

We ordered several cheesesteaks to go and aside the exemplary delicious mouth watering Cheesesteaks, they make their online ordering system so fast and easy. I appreciate having come here and not wait on a super long line. 

The staff were so friendly and they got the orders right! How many places can pull that off? Usually online ordering can be complicated because things are missing or it's not what you ask for, but Tony Luke's remembered and finessed all of our cheesesteaks. The meat is very flavorful and you can tell they use real quality meat. They stuff the sandwich well and are very reasonably priced. I'm definitely coming back for more.
**RACIST**

Friends and i went here due to starvation, reputation, and trying Philadelphia out for a 3rd time for their cheese steaks. Expect a long line, bathrooms are porta-potties and the order takers are most likely RACIST. Everyone in front of us were "white" / Caucasian - who were greeted with a smile and treated with respect; while we (dressed in suits as we just came out of a meeting) got mean mugs and cold shoulder shrugs. Lady displayed annoyance and impatience when asked only 2 questions "What's your most popular sandwhich and what is the difference between a hoagie and Philly cheesesteak" ?

FOOD : Just a tad bit over from between mush with texture and recognizable meat with spices. We ordered 2 hoagies with rib eye steak, 1 veal, and 2 regular ribeye cheesesteak. Lets just say i enjoyed the choice of bread more than the components stuffed within. We added their whole peppers and sauces but no luck.

Philly has once again failed to hold its credibility in reputation for cheesesteaks in my book. don't know how they got 4 stars out of 1100+ reviews.

Good luck!
I took a day trip to Philly in December because I had a cheesesteak craving that just wouldn't go away.  I tried De'Allessandro's last time I was in Philly and it was the best I've ever had.  I decided to try Tony Luke's this time.  The place is located on an industrial-ish looking street and I couldn't really find the parking lot so I parked on the street.  The inside is pretty old and bare bones.  It's pretty crowded and the metal tables aren't comfortable.  The service from the workers I interacted with was pretty 'order your food and get out' status.  However, there was this older black brother working there who asked me if I wanted hot peppers.  I declined, but that was nice of him to ask.  He was also singing like Marvin Gaye as he was going about his work.  I thought that was cool.

I got a cheesesteak ($9.75) with whiz and fried onions and a soda ($2.25).  Total came out to $12.69.  I was kind of disappointed looking at the cheesesteak when it came out because it wasn't nearly as meaty as the one I got from De'Allesandro's.  But the bread they used at Tony Luke's seemed nice.  I also made the choice of getting cheese whiz because I read that is how you're supposed to get it (I got swiss at De'Allesandro's).  I think getting whiz was a mistake though.  It wasn't too bad, but tasted a little too artificial for my liking.  Also they put a little too much of it on the sandwich.  The onions were good.  I have to say there was definitely an addictiveness to the steak at Tony Luke's (maybe all the oil) and it was definitely uniquely satisfying.  

All in all, the cheesesteak was definitely good but it could have been much more meatier and the cheese whiz took away from it a bit.  The price was also OK but not great.  This was a hard decision between 3 or 4 stars but I'm going with 3 cause the experience was a little uncomfortable (what I said about the interior and also factoring in the gruffness from the workers that I interacted with except for Marvin Gaye).  

So in conclusion I'm glad I tried this place.  Food was pretty good but maybe a little overhyped.
A bit overhyped, as many restaurants are, but still tasty. Tried the roast pork with broccoli rabe and i really enjoyed it! I think I would've enjoyed it much more if I was starving, but after a few bites I can still tell it was very tasty. Not dry, and flavorful without being overly salty. Will i be back? of course if i am in town, but not to go out of my way for.
Whenever I have visitors come to Philadelphia, they frequently insist I take them to get cheesesteaks. I will laud the qualities of other Philly restaurants in a futile attempt to change minds. In the end, the response is always the same "I can't come all the way to Philly without eating a cheesesteak."

Even though my eyes roll in my head so hard that I see my own optic nerve, I frequently indulge them. If I have a choice, Tony Luke's or Jim's are my cheesesteak places of choice.

I like Tony Luke's hot sauce and the Papa Luke, a horribly gluttonous cheesesteak with cream cheese and tomato. When you add some hot peppers and onions to this,  you have quite a creation. Every time you eat one, a healthy person dies.

Their regular cheesesteak is good, and worth trying once.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Rambo: First Blood.
Best cheesesteak in Philly, hands-down. Don't waste your time at Pat's and Geno's despite the famous rivalry. All that doesn't matter. Tony Luke's uses very fresh bread that is crispy on the exterior and fluffy on the interior. Steak is thinly sliced and tender. I ordered mine with fried onions and Whiz since that's a classic. At the self-serve area, there are ginormous Italian peppers and perfectly crispy and tangy pickles -- all homemade. The cheesesteak does not need any other condiments, so taste it before you douse it with hot sauce, mustard, etc. Tony Luke's is in South Philly by the stadium. Off Oregon Ave, it is very easy to find and there is a little lot, so parking won't be an issue. I had it at 11 AM and would prefer to go at this time in the future to avoid a wait.
Disclaimer: I am not from Philly, nor am I a connoisseur of cheesesteaks. That said, I was thrilled with my cheesesteak from Tony Luke's!

I ordered the classic - cheesestek with whiz - and it was SO YUMMY. I took half home, and was even more excited when I woke up the next day, hungover, and heated that bad boy up... it was deja vu in the best way. Tons of meat, the bread was the perfect amount of soggy with grease but still holding up, and the whiz was particularly good. I think it was 8-9 bucks for my order.

Takes ~5 minutes from when you order at the window to when the food is ready. Not a ton of seating, but if you wait/lurk around for a few minutes you can find a table.

Highly recommend if you're looking for a spot for a cheesesteak!
After all those times dealing with the tourist attractions that are Pat's and Geno's, I was amazed that I didn't know what true Philly cheesesteak was like. I finally decided to swing by here, and now I'll never step foot at those neon monstrosities again.

Tony Luke's is the best cheesesteak I've had hands down. I know it's not necessarily the best in the city, but those hole-in-the-walls are often inaccessible to those passing through like me. Tony Luke's is open late, easy to find, and worth making the occasional two-hour trip up from Baltimore.

The steak is nice and thick, slathered with cheese. The bread isn't anything to write home about, but it's not hard or occasionally stale (like some others). Not to mention, they're not elitists or purists here... they have all manner of types and toppings for you to choose (not just with or without onion). Even if you don't want a cheesesteak, they have plenty of other options, a variety of sides, and the usual fountain drinks to choose from.

Seriously, if you're not a Philly local (with your own favorite) and you want good cheesesteak, then Tony Luke's is the place to stop at. I usually pick up a bunch of them, for the trip and later dining. (They even heat up real good!)
Don't hate on the picky New Yorker! I Speak the truth and only the truth Philadelphian's! ;-)

First off, I liked it.. I really did!  Who doesn't like a big hunk of meat and cheese in their mouth?! I enjoyed my Tony Luke's cheesesteak far more than Gino's or Pat's or that other horrific tourist trap spot on South Street.

Have I found PHILLY'S BEST CHEESESTEAK?: No...

Am I satisfied & would go back?: Yes!

I am still on the search and I have heard many great stories of "John's Roast Pork" (Next on my list).

My search continues Philadelphia...
I'm a first-time tourist to Cheesesteak land and am glad the local Yelpers warned me about Geno's and Pat's directing me here instead. I went straight for the Cheesteak with whiz and American Cheese and was done for the day. I may be full for another two days. But man. . .what an experience! Delicious. I"m going to try to come back before I leave and taste something else. 

I noticed in threads the locals think tourists are silly for going for cheesesteaks, but we just don't have it this good in other parts of the country. The bread was one of my favorite parts I think. So crispy, hot and just right. The perfect complement to the rest of the sandwich. 

There was a significant line, but it goes fast and you have time to eye the menu and look at the extensive list of sandwiches and mourn that you live in Houston and that you won't see a list like this til you come back to Philly. Oh. Did I say that out loud? Yay Tony Lukes!

Based on the Philly alone. I may be a cheese freak, but I wanted more cheese. Those cheese fries though. Top notch! And the service was friendly. I'm a fan!
Tony Luke's on Oregon Avenue close by the Sports Complex is as "Philly" as Philly gets. 

Tucked in under the concrete and steel of elevated Rt. 95, it feels like a Lilliputian railroad car of a restaurant in the uber scale of its environment.  In winter the heavy plastic and aluminum walls are attached to keep the patrons warm.  I had the feeling of being in an ant farm next to the glass wall.  None of which detracted from my first time enjoyment of this iconic cheesesteak emporium. 

Famished after skipping regular dinner to attend a way-to-long business meeting at a local hotel, I would have eaten just about anything.  Lucky for me, my pal suggested Tony Luke's.  We were there in minutes and I drove into the small parking lot next door.  The aroma of fresh (and stale) grease flooded my senses, squeezing my salivary glands, much like a vampire prepared for the first bite knowing it will bring strength and relief.  My mouth involuntarily hung open with jaws ready to clamp down on a great steak sandwich.  Melodies of Rocky Balboa rang in my head.  

I had the Italian Special Steak with Sautéed Spinach.  It reached the take out window about 10 minutes later, tightly rolled up in white paper with Tony Luke's logo emblazoned across it.  We sat at one of the red tables, slit the tape and unwound the packaging.  First glance was of a long Italian torpedo roll, held shut by the former pressure, now free to open and display its steamy contents.  The brown of the steak; the dark green of the olive oil induced heavily garliced Spinach; the melted ooze of the Provolone - all combined to create an exquisite moment of anticipation.  

The first chomp took in as much of the tip of the sandwich as my mouth could hold.  Garghhhh...womp.....grind....chew....swallow....Repeat. The bread was crusty and fresh, belying the following softness of the steak, cheese and spinach.  Texturally perfect! The sequence of the unfolding parts only overtaken by the totality of the whole.  Truly existential. 

It was great, but to be completely honest, the Spinach was over salted with the garlic, and was too dominant a flavor on my palate.  Everything else was awesome, and the Birch Beer a smooth compensation for the sodium chloride load.  

This is a Def place to return.  The overall gestalt is wonderfully and uniquely Philadelphia urban chic, as cool today as it was decades before.
This is the best philly cheesesteak place in Philadelphia. Don't let Travel Channel and Food Network fool you. This is where the locals go. I got the typical philly "whiz wit". It was the best out of going to Jim's, Geno's, and Pat's.

My only qualm with this place was limited seating. I went at about 2 in the afternoon on a sunday. We just barely got a table. I'm sure this gets crowded during regular meal times.

COME HERE EVEN IT IF ITS TO GO.
Whenever I tell someone that I am from Philly, they inevitably ask me the question, "Pat's or Geno's?" It's been a highly publicized cheesesteak rivalry in South Philadelphia for about 40 years now. Here's the history:
Pat Oliviere was dubbed the creator of the Philly cheeseteak back in 1933, serving his sandwiches in the Italian Market in South Philly until he opened up his own place called "Pat's King of Steaks," which is still open for business today. His original steak sandwiches were not served with cheese, but Joe "Cocky Joe" Lorenzo made the provolone addition a few years later, and thus the Philly cheesesteak was born! In 1966, Joey Vento sparked some competition and opened Geno's Steaks directly across the street on the corner of 9th Street and Passyunk Ave. The biggest difference between Pat's and Geno's is that Pat's chops the meat and Geno's does not. But you can expect the same rough Philly attitude at both spots...whether you're a local or not. You've got to order the right way, or you'll be sent to the back of the line (which can get pretty long....so just practice you're order and get it right the first time!). You say the ingredient first followed by "wit" or "witout." For example, "whiz wit" (translation: with Cheez Whiz) or "onion witout" (translation: without onion). 
The classic Philly cheesesteak is with onions and cheese whiz, but I find the heavily processed, fluorescent orange liquid offensive and stick to provolone (there is also the choice of American cheese too). 
I am going to withhold any commentary on the Pat's and Geno's feud (which tends to be a bit of a tourist trap in my opinion) because I believe that Tony Luke's is the real deal, serving the best cheesesteaks and roast pork Italian sandwiches in the city. Its a little glass-enclosed area underneath the I-95 overpass with an ordering window and picnic tables (make sure you bring your jacket and scarf in the winter because it gets cold out there!!). Its nothing fancy, but does good food have to be?!? 
My dad and I stop to get a Tony Luke's steak sanchwich on our drive home from the airport every time that I fly back from school. And we each get the same thing; Cheesesteak with sharp provolone, onions, sweet peppers, and mushrooms. It is juicy, greasy, meaty deliciousness!! I unwrap my sandwich as if it's a present, rip it into two halves with my hands, and then savor every bite of tender meat and gooey cheese (which is always perfectly melted). There is nothing like a Tony Luke's cheesesteak, I promise! Once you try one, you will never enjoy another steak sandwich again. Tony Luke's is also famous for their Roast Pork Italian Sandwich with spicy roast pork, garlic infused broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, and drizzle of gravy. I have never had it, but apparently it's so good that converts even the biggest cheesesteak fanatics into roast pork eaters. 
Forget Pat's, forget Geno's, Tony Luke's is where its at....even Adam Richman from Man V. Food knows that. Below is a clip from his episode at Tony Luke's. Go for yourself though!
I just don't get it. I never did. It's not bad but I have never been blown away. The steaks are meh and they don't travel. The chicken cutlet is better, but last time it was very dry. The roast pork is usually solid choice. The roast pork with greens and sharp provolone is the way to go but it's messy and you need to eat it there. Skip the fries. If your around in the morning they make a bomb bacon egg and cheese on a long roll. Best thing I ever had there.
although my current favorite cheesesteak is from John's Roast Pork, trying a cheesesteak from the original Tony Luke's for the first time has made me reconsider them as a second best option.  

Tony Luke's and John's Roast Pork cheesesteaks offers the most quantity of ribeye steak per cheesesteak compared to the other famous cheesesteak joints (Jim's, Pats, Genos, and Delassandros).  the cut of their ribeye steak is tender with no stringy texture, making for an enjoyable experience.  At Tony Luke's, they put minimal seasoning on their cheesesteaks, leaving it up to you as the customer to add however much salt, pepper, ketchup, or hot sauce you desire.  

a big plus is that they do not charge for additional vegetables added to your cheesesteak such as fried onions and mushrooms.  another huge plus compared to the other cheesesteak joints is that they take credit card and not just cash alone! the place is easily accessible with a big parking lot attached as well as ample street parking.  another solid cheesesteak joint in Philly to enjoy if you are nearby!
Excellent Philly Cheesesteaks with exceptionally surly hosts. What more could you ask for in Philly. Seating and parking are adequate.
My husband took me to Pat's last year, and I thought that was a TREAT! Apparently there is something wrong with me, because everyone thought I was insane. After I got home from our trip to Philly, I saw Tony Luke's on the Food Network -- more than once -- and I've been wanting to go there ever since. This weekend, I finally got the chance.

Let me first say that I love, love, LOVE the fact that they ask for your NAME so that they can call you when the food is ready. Yep, it's immature, but that makes for some darn good fun sometimes. Is your name Bobby? Well, today your name is Joey. Is your name Angela? Today you will be Ofelia, and when they call "Ofelia" over the intercom system, you will laugh at how incredibly funny you are. (Two people in my group did this, and it's STILL making me chuckle.) Luckily, the guy who took our orders was friendly and probably knew exactly what we were up to.

Anyway.

My husband and I ordered two cheesesteaks (wiz with onions) and we split an order of the pizza fries. Pizza = good. Fries = good. Pizza Fries = DOUBLE good. Their marinara sauce (or RED GRAVY) was pretty darn yummy, I have to say. But the cheesesteaks... OH, the cheesesteaks...

They put the wiz ON THE BREAD. Say it with me. THEY PUT THE WIZ ON THE BREAD. The salty cheesy wiz gets into all the nooks and crannies and oozes everywhere... ohhhhhhh yum.

The bread was fresh and soft and fantastic, the portion was gigantic, and the meat was great. Seriously. I can see why everyone says that this one is a million times better than Pat's and Geno's! Also, there's no intimidating "order process" that you have to go through. You can just ask for a freaking cheesesteak with wiz and onions instead of a "wiz wit" -- that's THEIR job, not mine! I just want to eat it without having to do research and practice ahead of time.

Tony Luke's is where it's at.
Tony Luke's is the place to get the world famous Philly cheesesteak.  It looks like a junky road side stand but the food is amazing.  They have a full sandwich menu but everyone lines up to order a custom steak sandwich.  You can choose from 10 kinds of cheese and add toppings like onions, peppers or mushrooms.  They have bottled or fountain drinks.  Don't forget to order some fries or deep fried onion rings.  Around the corner you can get condiments including ketchup, sour dill pickle slices and hot cherry peppers.  Grab a seat if there is one, eat in your car or rush to work or home.  It doesn't matter because all orders are bagged to go.   "When in Philly, have a cheesesteak" at Tony Luke's.
When it comes to Philly cheesesteak, in my opinion, nobody does it better than Tony Luke's.

Pat's may be in the history books as the first who married meat, cheese, and bread in Philadelphia, but Tony Luke's does a much better sandwich. No it is not made in front of you, and the location might not be something to write home about, but their delicious sandwiches compensate plenty.

As they like to advertise, you get meat, cheese, and bread in every bite. All the ingredients work naturally together. They also have a fresh pickle bar where you can have as many pickles as you want as a side snack. 

The fact the prices are extremely fair is just gravy.

When you want a good cheesesteak, you can go anywhere in Philadelphia. If you want want a GREAT cheesesteak, come to Tony Luke's, where everything is amazing, from the food to the staff to (dumbfounding enough) the friendly customers. It is all great, and a big reason why Philadelphia is "The City of Brotherly Love".
I'm a New Yorker, so what do I know, but this is the best cheese steak I've ever had. The cheese was exactly as melty as I wanted it to be, the peppers were flavorful, and the onions were juicy.  The meat was just the right amount of salty to give it a real kick without being unpleasant. 

This isn't a mark against the restaurant, but it's something I thought was unusual. When you order a cheese steak, they give you a plain cheese steak. I am used to a "Philly Cheese Steak" meaning you get peppers and onions. You have to specify you want those when you order. They were polite and accommodating when I asked them to correct my order, which was my fault and not theirs.
Thank God for the Philly cheese steak. Although you probably can't go wrong with the classic, we got the hoagie and Italian with broccoli rabe. Both were amazing. Love the pickles bar too. 

I especially like the baguette style bread.
So, it's 1 a.m. on a weekend morning. You're drunk and looking for a good sandwich to soak up all the alcohol in your system. Where are you going to go? Pat's? Geno's? Puh-lease. Stay in your taxi for a few more minutes and make your way down to Tony Luke's for a chicken cutlet or roast pork sandwich. You won't regret it.
I went to 3 different cheese steak establishments in Philadelphia and this was the last of the 3 we ended up visiting.  I have to say that by far Tony Luke's was my favorite and it was on the recommendation of my friend who has been to Philly many times to go to south Philly and try this place because it is his favorite.

The one thing I noticed about this place that I thought was absolutely hilarious is that the patrons literally just park right in the middle of the street and stop in, order and leave or eat there and leave.  What is normally considered a middle turn lane on this street (Oregon Ave) is where many individuals simply park their car and go to Tony Luke's!

There are several things that absolutely won me over with Tony Luke's.  One was the fact that the line up wasn't some crazy 30+ minute wait when we went.  That's a star right there.  Secondly the food is a nice size portion for a good price and really that is all you can ask for as far as value goes these days.

I love the bread.  It's like I'm eating something hearty and filling.  I had actually ordered 2 sandwiches (both whiz wit) and one of my brothers ordered provolone this time.  My wife who was sick of steak sandwiches at this point ordered a hoagie which looked really good and filled out.  My sandwiches were balanced, a good amount of everything, meat which was fried nicely, whiz and onions.  Both were consistent in size and quality too.

I like Tony Luke's a lot.  I like the food and I like how easy it was to get it during a weekend that saw a couple lines to get a product that wasn't at good as TL's... I am now a fan of this place and it will be a definite stop when in Philadelphia next time.
This is my favorite philly cheesesteak place! I love the ribeye steak they use here! It has great flavor and texture!

There are limited seats. So if you come with friends, some people should wait on line while the others wait for seats.
Tony Lukes was my second stop on the east coast greasy eatery tour...

Shout out to Man vs. Food for alerting me to this place.  Had I not caught that episode, I would've ended up going to the typical tourist traps (Pats or Genos). 

So I rolled into Philly around noon time and met up w/ my buddy in center city.  After dropping my stuff off, we promptly hailed down a cab and trekked out to Tony Lukes.  Had I known it was so far, I might've just opted to go to Jims, but alas, whats done is done.

After paying the cabby, we were a bit overwhelmed by the site of Tony Luke's.  It sits underneath a freeway overpass and the line from the order window snaked down almost half a block.  There were a few construction workers, police officers, medical residents in scrubs and suit/tie types all following protocol to get their hands on a Tony Luke's masterpiece.

I haft admit..I was a bit nervous as I inched closer to the order window. Why? I'd heard horror stories about non-philly natives trying to order cheesesteaks and inevitably coming off as quite gooberish 

When I was up to bat, I blurted out the "wiz wit and add mushrooms and peppers" that I had been rehearsing under my breath to the fellow at the order window.  Much to my surprise, the clerk did his best to not laugh at my futile attempt at authentic phillyness and responded with, "do you want sweet peppers or hot peppers?" 

"BOTH!" I said smiling.  I like my cheesesteaks stuffed w/ everything possible, to see that my preference wasn't received with raised eye brows was kinda nice.

a few mins later they called my name over the intercom and I picked up my sandwich (which felt like it weighed a ton) and cheese fries and took station at one of the bench style tables outside.
  
The first bite was magical. There was a generous portion of thinly cut ribeye steak, the onions were there but not overwhelming, the mushrooms and peppers were deliciously layered into the freshly baked bread in a blissful marriage.

The cheese fries were whatever...nothing to write home about.

But Luke's gets 5 stars just for the sandwich.  It was like nothing I've eaten before, and that alone made the cab fare worth it.  The freshly baked bread is the kicker here.

If you're in Philly and brand yourself as a cheese steak enthusiast..do yourself a favor and head out to Tony Lukes.
We came to Philadelphia for a quick visit and my family member suggested this place. It's quite popular and there was a decent line but they took care of us rather quickly. We had the cheesesteak with grilled onions and also the Italian pork sandwich. The bread was super fresh and soft all the meats were tender and juicy. I absolutely love both sandwiches can't wait to return here. Bring your appetite you won't be disappointed!
I was visiting from California, and this was my first food stop while in Philly.  My friend took me here, and I was starving.  I wanted to have a cheese steak (you have to eat a cheese steak when you're in Philly, right?), but my friend recommended the Roast Pork Italian with Broccoli Rabe instead.  She said she preferred that over their cheese steaks.  So we ordered it.

I had an orgasm in my mouth!  Enough said...

Thank you Tony Luke!  You made my starving stomach very happy!
Not bad for visiting Philly for five minutes!

I never had a Philly Cheesesteak so I guess it was time. Carlos ordered the regular Cheesesteak and I got a Hoagie. Both orders were not bad. It was a good cheesesteak for me to try the first time. 

Service was fast and casual. Everyone was nice and got orders out immediately. I would visit again, but not necessarily go out of my way for it.
Tony Luke's is in my top two favorite cheesesteaks because it is the juiciest. While other places that slice their meat (the other option being to chop the meat) result in a dry cheesesteak, Tony Luke's is still juicy. There are multiple franchise locations, and we have eaten at the airport, KOP mall, and their original location in South Philly. The South Philly location definitely has the longest line and authentic tourist experience, but out of conveneniece I prefer the KOP Mall location (easier parking, no line, air conditioning, modern building). Check out my other reviews for my other favorite cheesesteaks.
Awesome cheesesteaks and I especially love that you can add greens (broccoli rabe or spinach) to any sandwich; they also have roast pork, chicken and roast beef as well as burgers and fried fish.  They are conveniently close to the stadium complex.  There is street parking but you can probably get away with parking at the Sunoco station. The have covered outside seating with exhaust fans that suck out the oppressive heat. That made it bearable to sit and eat before the game. Cheesesteaks were awesome and ready quickly. Criss-cut sweet potato fries were good.  The extra large portion of regular fries was decent.  Definitely better to eat here before the game or bring it with you. The Tony Luke's inside the ballpark skimps on the steak.
I've been eating cheesesteaks in Philadelphia for 15 years, and I've had a lot of duds.  It's a really simple recipe - bread, meat, cheese, maybe toppings (I like mine 'wiz with') - but it seems like a lot of places manage to mess that up.  I've never had a bad sandwich from Tony Luke's.  It's a little out of the way, and in a weird building right off the highway.  They're sometimes arbitrarily closed, and when they're open, there's usually a line.  But it's worth it.  Oh, so worth it.  

The bread is freshly baked on the premises, soft and tasty, and you can see them back there managing the meat on the grill.  All of the sandwiches I've had have been generously portioned, with plenty of toppings spread throughout.  They have a lot of options on their fancy LCD menu screens.  I haven't really tried anything except the basics (like their fries, which are good), but people seem satisfied with all of the weird sandwiches offered.  

But honestly, Tony Luke's has really re-focused my obsession with Philadelphia sandwiches from the cheesesteak... to the roast pork Italian.  Just typing the name this sandwich makes me sad that I'm 100 miles from Tony Luke's and can't have one for dinner.  The concept is simple once more - seasoned slow-cooked pork, broccoli rabe (a.k.a. rapini, a green leafy vegetable), and provolone.  But the end result is so delicious and moist and flavorful, herbaceous and garlicky and just a little spicy.  I always split one of these and a cheesesteak with my partner, and then afterwards we regret that we didn't just each get a roast pork Italian.  Though I noticed on the menu that I could get a cheesesteak Italian-style... my head might explode.

I wanted to give a shout-out to the fantastic cashier working last weekend who was patient with out-of-towners with questions.  I'm so used to Philly cheesesteak spots screaming at customers (ahem, Pat's) that it was sort of amazing to see someone friendly helping someone place an order.  It doesn't really speed things up to scream at customers while they're ordering, so I'm glad Tony Luke's actually has customer service.
Tony Luke's is one of those places whose reputation far outweighs it's food. It has gotten to be a bit too trendy. You know, cool people eat there because "all of the tourists go to Pat's". So what you get is a bunch of Yuppie scum who think they are so cool because they know where the real cheesesteaks are.
Let me tell you something, the food, while not bad, is not great at all. They even messed up part of my order. The atmosphere is what it is, however, they have signs all over the place advertising for a sports radio station. A sports radio station that nobody listens to.
While they pile on the meat, they skimp on the cheese, and also don't mix the onions with the meat. 
Eat elsewhere. Go tho Pat's.
Now, this was Tha Yelp Daddy's favorite Joint!!! I mean, WOW!!! This what I imaged an autentic Philly Cheesesteak would look, smell and taste like. First, the staff was super friendly, like they were really proud of their Cheesesteaks and they told me that their Cheesesteak is the best in town and gosh-darn-it...they were right!!!
The place is clean, plenty of seats and spacious. The Philly itself was amazing...when you bit into it the bread is soft with a light crunch, then the well seasoned meat, cheese and onions blend together in your mouth all at once...absolutely delicious. Tha Yelp Daddy was Very Pleased and he found his favorite Philly Cheesesteak in Philly...so far

Note: Tha Yelp Daddy is not from Philly but he loves a good food experience and this was a good one for me!!!
Yes, I am a Philly native, 25 yrs old and just had Tony Luke's for the first time. I should be jumped for that, no?

I must say, Tony Luke's is some good shiz with whiz... perhaps that's why my cheesesteak was so runny, but it was still delicious!

If you don't get whiz, you're cheesesteak will be a little more dry, clean and easy to eat. 

The service was pretty fast especially when there were about 6 orders in front of us.  The meat never frozen or chopped up. Slices of beef, so some might not like that style. To me... you chew it up anyway, who cares? 

They get an extra star for me cause they provide antibacterial wipes so you can clean your hands. Yay for no germs!
If you take a look at my profile, you can tell I went big at Tony Luke's by ordering the cheesesteak and beef buster. The cheesesteak is an original that I felt obligated to try. Got my whiz on and it was a treat. Although I do not think I can ever be flabbergasted by a cheesesteak, I thought it was a pretty legit sandwich.

My surprise of the night was the beef buster. This puppy weighed more than a baby and comes loaded in roast beef, bacon, curly fries, tomatoes, pickles, and special sauce. This sandwich was amazing and truly a fatass loaded with flavors, fat, crunch, protein, and happiness in between a hoagie. The combination might double your cholesterol level but it is well worth the experience.

By the way, I finished both in one sitting - booyea.
I think this may be the best Philly cheesesteak spot. The significant other's friend said this is the place to go for a cheesesteak! The line was super long so that affirmed it. Yeah. There are two other places that some would say has the best cheesesteak (Pat's and Geno's), but it's more of a tourist spot. The reviews aren't great either. Tony Luke's on the other hand may be the winner. 

The significant other and I shared the steak Italian with broccoli rabe and an order of the cheese curds. 

The sandwich was huge! That thing was so messy to eat. It prob needs some additional salt and pepper, but it was pretty amazing. You can add additional peppers, pickles, and sauce from the self serve station. 

I don't rec the cheese curds. It was $4.99 and not really worth it: it wasn't super good nor was there a lot in quantity (or quality -- and I love anything cheese).

There weren't many tables, and the parking lot wasn't large either. If you can land a street spot, do it.

Here's something for ya: http://www.visitphilly.com/articles/philadelphia/top-10-spots-for-authentic-philly-cheesesteaks/.
Back in the day, Tony Luke's would have a place on my Mount Rushmore of Philly sandwich shops, right next to Tommy DiNics of the Reading Terminal, Steves Prince of Steaks and Primos Hoagies. These were the best of the best - pioneers and perfecters of all that is good in Philly people food. You know, the food the great Holly Moore writes about on his Holly Eats website. 

Sadly, times have changed, at least with the Tony Luke mothership on Oregon Ave. The franchise stores have long been a travesty to the Company name but I used to never EVER have a letdown at the original store. That is, until yesterday.

I'm not saying it was not a good pizza steak because it was good. Good isn't bad. It's just I wanted AMAZING. As expected, it was stuffed with good meat. The cheese was good. The homemade hot peppers were excellent. The bread was delicious and for the most part,  it held its own. But there was no pizza sauce to be found which could have made it taste richer and more like the pizza steak I wanted. It didn't blow me away in greatness like the version at Steves. Or even the Pepper Mill - one of Delco's best. Something was missing. 

Tony Luke's is still a formidable sammy shop. They do so many things right - like their cutlet sandwiches - that I would recommend them to any tourist looking for good Philly food. But as far as the BEST cheesesteak? I'd have to say go to Steves. Or John's Roast Pork.
Arrived there last night on the way home from the airport with hubby and 2 hungry small kids.  Reviewed the menu, stepped up to the counter and was prepared to order but the counter person yelled "we're closed!"  I looked at the time on my phone and it was 11:50 pm.  They are open to midnight, the sign lights were still on, and there were about 15 patrons at the tables.   I said politely back with the kids at my side,  "but it is not even midnight yet".  The counter guy's response in a un called for nastier tone, "we're closed!"  

Nice job taking care of your customers Tony Lukes.  Never going back.
Definitely one of the best cheesesteaks I had in Philly but could still work on a few things to make it better. I'll of course start with all the positives, the staff is great, they work quickly and efficiently without the need to be rude or unprofessional.

The meat and bread are fantastic. The bread is fresh, crisp on the edges and soft on the inside. Meat is definitely of a high quality and I feel it is marinated in some kind of seasoning for a period of time before cooking. This provides a nice well balanced flavorful sandwich. Extra add ons are also fresh, tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese all well balanced and tasted through each bite.

The negatives aren't huge but they exist, they could do a better jump of chopping up the peppers and meat. My pepper basically all came out of the sandwich is one bite because it was one long connected piece. If they did a better job of cutting this up, the overall sandwich would be better.

As one of the best spots in all of Philly, it is worth a visit and I look forward to my next trip.
Definitely One of the Best

We had some out of town friends who wanted to get cheesesteaks (naturally) and suggested Pat's or Geno's, but not self-respecting Philadelphian would ever go to Pat's or Geno's.

I suggested three (Tony Luke's, Jim's, or Max's). Tony Luke's is 100x better than the tourist traps and I highly recommend a trip. 

I gave it four stars is because we got the orders to go and it just didn't taste the same. They also I also messed up my order as I asked for both mushrooms and onions, but only got one. I highly recommend staying there to eat, and eat them warm, if you can...and to make sure your order is correct.
I really enjoyed my Philly Cheesesteak experience at Tony Luke's the best after trying Jim's Steak and John's Roast Pork. Aside from the friendly staff, my cheesesteak was prepared fresh and hot with all elements of steak, wiz and onions married happily together just oozing out of the bread. I highly recommend going here for a delicious and juicy Philly Cheesesteak!
This was my first cheesesteak in Philly and it was nothing like I thought it would be. Maybe I'm just a DC girl but I can honestly find better cheesesteaks at home. The sub roll was not toasted so it made for a weird taste. The cold roll with the hot steak and cheese was not ideal. It also had an overwhelming provolone taste which made it hard to taste the steak. Half way through I was done. The fries were good. The location is a little sketchy and inside was nothing special. The girl who took our order was obviously having a bad day and started going off on her coworker for being late lol
I honestly was hoping for a grade A cheesesteak and was massively disappointed.

 First of all, there's a line out the door so you would think it's food is the best. I ordered a classic cheesesteak just to feel out the place. But sadly, my sandwich was very dry and I I got several very chewy bites of meat, it might even have been cartilage. I'm not sure. I wouldn't get the cheesesteak again. 

The seating is a problem because the tables are very small and it's not good for large groups. 

We ordered chili fries as well and it was just fries with cheesewhiz and bits of beef. Sorry Tony, gotta step up your game.
Yes, Tony Luke's gets the coveted 1st place award for our favorite cheesesteak in Philly.   This was our last stop of the weekend of sampling cheesesteaks.   It's actually not 'sampling' since we did manage to eat a whole cheesesteak at each of the places we visited.

The benefits of eating at Tony Luke's include:  ample parking, indoor seating, and friendly staff.   The reason for the #1 spot is that their meat was tender, the 'wiz' was plentiful and really complimented the sandwich.  I'd prefer a dryer 'bread' but the wiz and the meat really came out on the bread.   The size of the sandwich appeared to be much larger than our previous dining experiences.

I bumped it up a notch and added mushrooms and just a tiny portion of onions.   The wiz was perfect on this sammie.   Since this was 'breakfast', I stuffed myself with about half of this tube of goodness before we ventured back into the car for the 2.5 hour drive home.   When we got home, I kid you not, the sandwich was still hot.   The meat was very tender and I really like the thin slices versus the chopped up meat at other places.
I've never been a huge fan of touristy places. But you can't go wrong with a roast pork sandwich. I always get the same thing. Roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. The roll is the softest thing ever but still holds up to all the juice from the pork. A little on the spicy side with black pepper but an awesome sandwich. It'll set you back about $9 but who cares? Lol. Staff isn't the friendliest and neither are those seats inside. Those seats are clearly not made for sitting for a long period of time. Lines move quickly. Just listen for your name because they'll only yell it about twice before moving on to the next person.
Tony Luke's was disappointing, especially after hearing reviews on YouTube stating that it's a favorite, which is why we stopped here first from our trip from NYC on the quest to try all the best cheesteak spots today.

The line was fairly long and the lady that takes the order seemed annoyed that it's busy. It also took about 25 minutes to get our cheesesteak which was the longest out of the spots we tried today.

When we unwrapped our package we were presented with an unappealing looking cheesesteak. Nevertheless we were hungry after a two hour drive and took a pic of the cheesesteak. The bread was a bit tough, and the meat was a bit dry. There wasn't enough meat or cheese whiz, but a good amount of onions. Compared to the other spots we went to today, Tony Luke's steak was the largest and cheapest, but it was last on our list in terms of taste and portion of meat/cheese.

I probably wouldn't go back because there's other spots that are much better. However I'm glad that I tried it and was the first stop in our Philly cheesesteak run today.
Tony Luke's is truly one of the best sandwich destinations in Philly.  My favorites I always come back to:

1.  Chicken Parm
2.  Steak Italian
3.  Roast Pork w/ Spinach

You also usually get a nice free side order of South Philly attitude.  Just deal with it and savor your fresh to order sandwich on a great roll with homemade ingredients.
Came to Tony Luke's for the first time recently before a concert. This is a go up and order kind of place. There are some covered tables outside to sit at. I had the hot roast pork sandwich with cheese. The pork was flavorful and juicy. The price was pretty reasonable at $8. There was a small problem with our order but they corrected it appropriately. Overall, I won't be raving about it, but it was pretty good. I would come here again.
Not a very impressive Philly. It was my first time trying a cheesesteak and felt that the sandwich lacked everything. I ordered a wiz without and a provolone without. The meat obviously tasted the same on both, and lacked flavor. No seasoning, just a bunch of bites of meat. I'm assuming they depend on the sodium from the cheese to give it the flavor it needs, but the meat still needs to have flavor. I'm not a big fan of sliced meat, would have preferred it chopped up and mixed in with either cheese that I ordered. I would think that would also bring out more flavor to the meat. There was also no line at all when I went and got my food relatively quick. I enjoyed the wiz a little more than I did the provolone. Little bit more gooey and messier. Just how I like beef sandwiches. 

Overall, with so many joints, I would not come back next time I'm in Philly. It was my first authentic ever. Ok to the next one.
Note- I've only had their cheesesteak

To the out of towner- if you try one place, don't make it Tony Luke's, Pat's or Geno's.  For all their qualities, they really serve a different sandwich than what most Philadelphians would describe as a cheesesteak.

To the Philly native returning home- Don't make this your first steak upon leaving the airport, like I did.  It will remind you of the better imitation steaks you've had since moving away, as in this makes for a good sandwich, but it does not bring back any memories tucked in your five senses.

That aside, there is something to be said for the classic cheesesteak many of us know and love- that happy coincidence of cheese, meat and bread that when just right, is pure bliss.  When something in that equation is a little off, you're merely satisfied- at best.  

Tony Luke's is a cautionary tale of good intentions gone bad.  He wants to improve on each element, but the whole is less than the sum of the parts.  He bakes his own bread.  I love the freshness of it all, but the roll is bland and too... bready? He selects his own meat and serves up actual slices of steak.  In theory, this is a noble departure from the pressed, frozen sheets of pressed sirloin injected with a 21% solution of additives and preservatives that is the norm, but it's highly under-seasoned and has a very uneven texture. American cheese is the perfect companion for a cheesesteak, but let's be clear, it's a crap cheese and we all know it.  His American cheese is likely of a higher quality, but is sharper than most and is really slow to melt.  I applaud Mr. Luke for respecting the craft, but her just needs a little direction.  

No wonder he didn't put up his classic steak against Bobby Flay.  For shame!
Stopped in for lunch on the recommendation of a coworker and I am very happy I did. The sandwich I had here is one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. The Chicken Cutlet Italian with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone was amazing! From the first bite to the last, I was in tasty sandwich heaven. The great garlic flavor is really a huge part of what makes this so good. Plus it's a large amount of food with two breaded chicken cutlets. Half the sandwich is absolutely enough for one meal but it was so good that I couldn't stop myself from eating.

I have literally not stopped thinking about this sandwich since I ate it and am going to have to stop in and get another one. And there are a lot of other sandwiches on the menu but I don't know if I could convince myself to try another one. That's the problem with a sandwich this good, I may never try anything else at Tony Luke's. It was amazing!

If you have never eaten this sandwich, go get yourself one! If you have eaten this sandwich before, go get another! You know you want to. I know I want to!
It was about 10pm and we had just left a wedding reception an hour north of Baltimore. I had a few beers in me and a slight hankering for something greasy. What to do? In a (frankly rare) act of spontaneity, we headed to the city of brotherly love for some cheesesteaks after a friend's suggestion. And don't worry someone drove me.

The first time I had Tony Luke's I was convinced this was a level above all other cheesesteaks in the city.  After the dry and meager offerings at the likes of Pat's and Geno's - Tony Luke's restored my faith in the Philly cheesesteak. My most recent experience was not as euphoric, but I still am a fan of the Tony Luke's. I think Jim's and Tony's stands atop the Philly cheesesteak scene and give a slight edge to Tony.

Tony Luke's steak is greasy enough and tasty. They use this soft Italian roll which goes perfectly with the meat. It tastes like a French Baguette but the outer shell is softer. Yum. They also have a variety of cheese - I prefer simple American here. The meat is seasoned well enough that you don't need Cheese Whiz to make it edible. 

In addition to the steaks they have a good amount of other choices for hungry patrons. Also, they don't get offended if you say "onions" when you want onions. What a concept. They also have a parking lot and relatively ample covered seating.

They were unfortunately out of Roast Pork when I went - which I hear is the big thing in Philly these days. Maybe next time :P
Wasn't big on the rock hard rolls they use here. Wasn't happy about the 2 hour wait for the rock hard roll either. I guess Philly cheesesteaks are all about personal preference. I also must admit I don't like him making steaks down the shore or selling his stuff in supermarkets. It cheapens the Philly brand of cheesesteaks.

Bottom line; If you like the soft rolls that Geno's uses, then this isn't the cheesesteak for you.
We actually made a 3 1/2 hrs drive just to get some of Tony Luke's cheese steak. It's made it to so many Food & Travel Channels, we'd just have to try it!!!

Phily Cheese Steak ($8.25) - American, Whiz or Provolone & Onions upon request. I highly recommend the Cheese Whiz & Onions, it compliments the bread & steak perfectly. The steak's tender, nicely sliced (not too thick/thin), the bread's pretty fresh & good while the cheese's still goeey & warm. The cheese steak's pretty awesome; probably my favorite one from Philly so far. The portion's also big; at least 30% bigger than Pat's or Geno's. They really don't skimp on the meat either; After 1 and 3/4 of cheese steak, I was stuffed! keep in mind that I had to eat 3 cheese steaks from Pat's & Geno's to be really full before. FYI - This goes good with their big pepper.

Roast Pork w/ Cheese ($7.50) - American or Provolone. Sadly, the roast pork's just ok. It's nowhere as good as the cheese steak.

Overall - Can be quite packed, usually there's a line. They usually don't have enough seats, you just gotta hunt down some. The cheese steak's good & the portion's def worth the price. I'd recommend it!!!
A must stop by for me any time I'm in Philly. I think all I need to say is cheese whiz for this review but I will elaborate a little more on that. 

I have tried Philly cheesesteaks at several different places but what I love about Tony Luke's is the bread they use. I have had it before at other places where the bread and meat proportion is imbalanced or the bread is too hard. I personally love the cheese whiz so I usually ask for extra cheese whiz because it adds an extra layer of cheesiness. 

Just remember when you eat here, a Philly cheesesteak is not a fancy sandwich. Just enjoy the beef, cheese whiz and good company.
Let me preface this review with 1) I'm not from Philly, nor have I ever lived here so judge my cheese steak expertise with a grain of salt and 2) I AM Chinese American, so I do know good pork. 

I have tried their cheese steak and their pork, and I must say I prefer the pork broccoli rabe with sharp provolone. Tony Lukes isn't too heavy handed with the cheese and the bread is prone to fall apart a bit by the end of the sandwich but it's oh so tasty.  A soda, fries, and an Italian pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe set me back $16. Also, I adore their peppers and would probably eat a whole jar of them by themselves. Seating has fast turnover since it's barely enclosed and you're almost subjected to whatever weather is outside. 

Bonus that this venerable institution is so close to the interstate, so perfect for a rest stop (if only they had a bathroom...) This food would be totally impossible to eat on the road,  but it's definitely something I'm willing to sit down and get a little messy over. My favorite is the people watching though. I definitely saw two guys pull out lawn chairs to eat their hoagies behind the trunk of their car across the street. Keeping it classy, Philly.
Tony Luke's was my first ever "real" cheesesteak and it was nothing at all like what I'd expected.

Well, the place itself kind of was - it's located next to a freeway overpass, near junkyards and strip clubs. The seating area is picnic tables covered by an awning. The bathrooms are porta-johns. Frankly, it's perfect.

Several people had told me that the best thing here was the roasted pork Italian style (with spinach or broccoli rabe and provolone) but I felt like I needed to try the classic first. I expected a greasy, salty, drippy, gristly abomination which is what a cheesesteak is everywhere else. Nope - not here. My sandwich was HUGE, full of quality meat and served on a lovely Italian roll - and not at all greasy. I opted for the sharp provolone and I'm pretty sure that's the way to go. (Cheese Whiz lovers, step down - I'm sure your version is delicious too but I had to get on a flight after eating, so you gotta play it safe if you know what I mean) 

I was also advised that there's a "protocol" for ordering and that stupid tourists get barked at. My sales rep was giving me some pointers and the counter guy decided to take mercy on me and was EXTRA nice since it was my first time. Really, everyone here from the workers to the other patrons was really friendly.

A final note - there is a "condiment" bar that includes peppers, sauces and the most delicious deli pickle slices. My only regret is that I didn't add pickle slices until the last 1/3 of my sandwich. Don't make the same mistake I did - add pickles.
Folks, if you go to Tony Lukes' get what they're known for: their Italiano style sandwiches - Roast Pork / Roast Beef or Cheesesteak ITALIANO. If you get a Cheesesteak with "whiz", then you're wasting your time and their good ribeye meat.

"Whiz" is the salty cheap-ass stuff street vendors put on steaks because it's super-cheap and doesn't take up space or require refrigeration. So a whiz steak at TL's will taste like the same whiz steak at Pat's, Geno's, Jim's or Abner's. Nothing special, you could have stayed home and poured Kraft Mac & Cheese sauce over some Dinty Moore stew instead. Or you could go to Le Bec Fin and order instant oatmeal.

Get what TL's does best: Italiano style sandwiches with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone... Even better, get the roast pork or roast beef, since they have a nice lightly peppery & garlicky au jus that soaks the bread and makes it messy and delicious.

Whiz is for tourists and people who don't know better... Just forget it even exists.

Yes, you'll wait in line to order & pick up... Yes, you'll pay cash (c'mon, it's a Cheesesteak stand!)... Yes, you may have trouble getting a seat. Oh, well, such is life sometimes. Get the ITALIANO sandwiches, and you'll see it was worth it.
Convenient for those coming up and down I95 and hankering for a Philly cheesesteak passing through Philly. Set up is straightforward. Wait on line, make your order, and wait. The waits are a bit long considering the amount of cooks and cookspace in the back. Feel free to partake from the free italian peppers on the side. Hits here are the fries with the works. Natural cut fries cooked perfectly and topped with cheez wiz and bacon bits. Delish. The roast pork with provolone sandwich i found a bit salty but the pork was cooked up great though the broccoli rabe was a bit overcooked. Cheesesteak was satisfying but did not stand out. Great with cheezwiz and the steak was cooked up nicely. All in all i thought everything came across a bit salty. As a destination place though i wouldn't go out of my way but if its in the neighborhood i'll stop in.
I'm sorry! I'm just not a fan of tasteless meat with a slab of melted cheese on crusty bread ... 

We ordered the pizza fries ---- bad mistake! The fries were soggy because the tomato sauce and cheese soaked the fries. 

I rather have a bowl of noodles --- I'm sorry people of Philly,  I just don't like cheesesteaks!
I feel like you have to give this place 5 stars because it is exactly what they say it is- a true Philly samich joint.  That's.  It.  Not the place to go if you're feeling skinny.  There's a wait here like any place that's good.  Pickles on the side.  They have amazingly disgusting and deliciously maple syrup smothered sweet potato fries- you know how I love my veggies.  I was appalled when my bf brought them to the table- I am a salad kind of girl- but... I ate the entire thing.  Try to stop in with enough time before an Eagle's game.
