Incredible Italian food, and equally incredible experience having the talented opera singers as servers.  Fantastic place outside Philadelphia for a date, group outing and special event. What's more memorable than being serenaded by a group of opera singers while having wonderful food and well crafted cocktails?

Upstairs, there is a dimly lit lounge with sofas, comfortable chairs, candles and artwork.   

My favorite restaurant experience in Philly.
I knew I was going out for Valentine's Day to a "surprise" restaurant, and I was excited. I didn't know that I fancy feeling like I was in a movie.

We pulled up outside Victor Cafe, and I didn't recognize it. We got inside the restaurant, and I still had no clue. It took me a full minute to realize this was the spot where one of my favorite movies, and few of its most famous scenes were set. After all those years of not knowing that "Adrian's" restaurant was/is real, I, innocently, discovered it's not a fictional one.

Seriously, I was so thrilled to find out that Victor Cafe is actually "Adrian's" restaurant featured in Rocky Balboa (2006,) and Creed (2015.) Oh my! I wasn't just having an amazing experience, in fact, I was creating a special memory, with a special person, in a special spot.

Now, let's cut to the chase, shall we?
If you love traditional Italian cuisine ( and who doesn't ?) you're going to flip over the simple, yet classic menu. Pleasant food, live classical opera, and intimate date restaurant? Oh yes!
We ordered Ravioli, and Tortellini and both pastas were presented nicely, with a well-balanced sauce, or gravy, whatever you want to call it. If you haven't had the traditional Ravioli lately, their version with the toasted walnuts will satisfy your taste buds, and maybe you'll come back for more.
Don't forget to leave room for dessert. Ooh you may have some of the scrumptious Crème Brûlée and maybe one of the delicious Cannoli.

It's needless to mention, that Victor Cafe is super classy, low-key and romantic date spot. What can be better than being wooed by operatic wait-staff while enjoying your romantic meal. Every 15-20 minutes, a small brass bell is rung and one of the waiters will be singing a short and wonderful aria.

Valet parking: Available which is a huge plus! (~ $12.)
Cost: It will not break the bank.
Dress code: Casual and relaxed. 
Staff: Very welcoming and super friendly ( also professional.) 


Victor Cafe, I will be back

Four and Half Yelps.
Wow! Such a great experience! 
A nice Italian restaurant, filled with history, delicious food, great service. and entertainment.  What more can you ask for!!!

As you can see, I really enjoyed myself  :)

My family took me to Victor's Cafe for my birthday and it really was a lovely present. 
I have never been here before so wasn't exactly sure what to expect. 
The waitress was well informed, pleasant and patient with me trying to figure it all out.
Our drinks and appetizers came out pretty fast. Decided on a Arugula Salad and Burrata. Everything was so fresh! My husband can't get away from the beef and got Filet Mignon which he said was tender and delicious.  I got Dido & Aeneas w/angel hair pasta & sauteed spinach and warm chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream for dessert. It was delicious!
The best part was the performances.  All the waiters were trained opera singers and about every 20 minutes they rang a bell , tell us a short tale of the song they were about to sing. Then belted out a great operatic tune.  
They surprised me by singing happy birthday which was the greatest performance of the night. It took my breath away. Once you get it sung to you like that you're changed forever!
Unfortunately we were not allowed to take pictures of them singing  :(

Victor's Cafe is located at 13th & Dickinson with just Street parking.  They do have valets to park your car for $12. 
The restaurant is on the small side, which makes it intimate. The seating is pretty close together, but we were still pretty comfortable. 
Only drawback for me was the bathrooms are all on the 2nd floor with pretty steep steps. 
They also have a nice bar and lounge upstairs.
I would recommend Victor's for a special occasion or some place different to explore.
Would definitely go back!
WOW! What a wonderful experience. 
I took F here for his birthday surprise. He was so excited when I told him where we were going, and The Victor Cafe did not disappoint.
From the confirmation phone call from Sandy, the owners daughter, to the last moments of the evening...everything was special. 
Talking to Sandy, I really got the sense of the history, love and pride this family takes in their restaurant. 
As soon as we walked in the lovely hostess Elena, greeted us warmly and invited us to have a seat because a song was about to start. What an entrance! 
Every server is a trained opera singer and they each take turns. Every one was beautiful. 
It's not in any way corny or tacky. It's is truly a class act.
And of course there is the Rocky connection, which was why I chose The Victor Cafe for F.
He was in heaven.
The food also measures up to the surroundings. 
The service is stellar.
We definitely will be back.
Thank you The Victor Cafe!
If you plan to marry the girl...

I've been to the Victor Cafe a total of 6 times. I brought my "now wife" for our first date. I'll cover the basics that most others do but in short: 

1.) Food (Between 4-5 stars). 
2.) Price: High but that is expected 

Now the verbose part of the review. 

The service is one of the best I've ever witnessed. As you probably know ALL of the servers are also Opera singers. About every 10 - 15 minutes 1 or 2 will break into song. During this time everyone puts their fork down and listens. 

There is some intimate connection that is made when you see your server up their singing their heart out. After you hear them sing you almost feel as if you have a special "Back Stage Pass" when they come to make sure you food is to your liking. 

To clear up some assumptions. I am a typical 31yo male American. My music tastes are Pearl Jam, Weezer, Red Hot Chili Peppers and AC/DC. This should quell any notion that I am a Puccini Aficionado or prefer my arias sung in "E".

The finale of High Regards for this place is simple. I am a nervous person. Taking the most beautiful woman you've ever had a "shot" with on a date is "sweat-inducing". Attempting to make yourself look interesting through constant discussion for 1.5 hours is inevitable to fail... 

... but when you have a 5 minute mandatory silence break every 15 minutes it gives you the opportunity to regroup, re-assess and attack! 

I've been married for 3 years and she is still impressed. :)
Oh yes...

When my smokin, hot better half suggested we go for some opera & an Italian I did think he meant at two different venues. What a treat to have them both in one.

Very nice opera sung while you dine on delicious Italian food. I had the Caprese salad, it was served warm and it was yummy. Then had the mussels in white wine sauce (typical for me) but they were a big bowl of heaven...if I could've picked up the bowl and drank the sauce I would've but I minded my p's & q's.

The singing was lovely and the place is romantic. There were at least 3 couples celebrating anniversary's on the night we went. There were also several birthdays and those people had Happy Birthday sung to them by the staff.

This is a cosy and atmospheric place...also, it's the place used in 1 of the Rocky movies as Adrien's Cafe (so I'm told).

Will definitely made a return appearance here.
Victor Café is an experience not to be missed. As a classically trained vocalist and self-described carb junkie, Victor Café has been on my "must-try" list for a very long time, but I've been waiting for the perfect opportunity to present itself. ALAS! My time finally arrived the Saturday before my first Broad Street Run. My best friend was in town from Boston, and I was hoping to find the perfect Carb-Loading establishment to prepare for my big 10-mile moment, hoping to find the magical pasta that would compensate for my lack of training. 

Victor Café had few reservations left the week of, but were very accommodating for my friend and I. We decided to go for a run to the Convention Center to get our Race Bibs, then head to Victor Café for an early bird dinner. Unfortunately, this meant we sauntered into this classy establishment with flushed faces and sweaty clothes. I wouldn't suggest this attire.

We were sat, and almost immediately welcomed with a beautiful performance of a fairly well known operatic duet. When the servers sing, concert etiquette is expected. No chatting, no recording - just silent observation. Everything from the arias to their harmonic staff-sung rendition of "Happy Birthday" was stunning. 

Honestly, food is the reason we Yelp, right? I was not disappointed. You're looking at $18-30 an entrée, but I can attest that the unique specials and tantalizing twists on old favorites will keep your taste buds curious. We snacked on the complimentary bread and house pesto, and ordered our desired dishes; I chose the sweet potato tortellini and it was to die for. 

Staff was not as attentive as I normally prefer, but they're busy serving tables and belting out notes I'd only ever dream of, so I get it. The location is a little obscure, but they offer $12 valet parking which is a steal if you decide to drive here. 

When you step inside Victor Café, you can feel the love, history, and music that makes this place so special. I highly recommend this spot for good food, brilliant entertainment, and a unique, romantic experience.
I thought I had written a review for one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. OK we all know this is the restaurant famously known as Adrian's from the Rocky and Creed movies but Victor Cafe was here long before that and most likely will be here long after the movie series are no longer made. Well who knows the series may continue well into Rocky and Creeds great grand children. But back to the wonderful experience at Victor Cafe. The restaurant is packed with pictures of those in the arts especially Opera. You will find photos from Luciano Pavarotti to Philadelphia's own Mario Lanza. Along with tables decorated with red and white checked tablecloths like restaurants seen in Italian movies or if you've been fortunate enough to dine in Italy. Each table has a small lamp. This all makes for a lovely setting. The menu is extensive with their standard items and daily specials. And wait for it....they sing Opera LIVE!! Food and free entertainment there's nothing better!

I started with a delicious 'French Martini' my mother had a Shirley Temple.  For dinner I enjoyed Prince Igor and my mother was pleased with the grilled salmon with lump crab relish, she substituted the salad with garlic mashed.

Two downsides to this restaurant is, parking is at a premium and they charge $12 valet to park your car. I arrive early enough to loop around and find parking within 1 block. Also the doorway is EXTREMELY small and ALWAYS crowded with people waiting to be seated. There are better ways to maximize that space, I wish they would take this advice.
This place is a must if you're in the Philadelphia area! We heard about the great italian food from comedian Vic Dibitetto who said he eats here every time he's in philly but we were surprised by the awesome atmosphere once we arrived. Every person on the waitstaff is a trained opera singer and they do a short performance every 15-20 minutes - and each one was fantastic! 

Besides the awesome performances, the food was also incredible. We got the burrata appetizer, veal picatta, and the cannelloni (manicotti stuffed with ricotta, veal, and spinach). Everything was delicious. The sauce on the cannelloni entree was out of this world and we asked for extra bread so we could finish it. For dessert, we shared the tiramisu which was perfect for 2 people. Glasses of wine range from $9-$12 and you can also purchase bottles for the table. 

They offer valet parking for $12 but we found street parking easily in the neighborhood. I already can't wait to return!
DiStefano's Victor Cafe brings a whole new meaning to singing for your supper! Wow, I had no clue when we walked in, but the wait staff are all opera students! 

The same bus girl that brought us our hot, crusty and might I add, very delicious bread, sang for us, well not just us, but I had my back turned to her and I said to the hubs, very fitting to have great opera music on a sound track while dining in an Italian restaurant. Hubs said, turn around, the girl that brought us bread is doing the singing! I was so impressed.

I was beyond wowed and commented to our server that she was outstanding and what a great concept, he laughed and said, yes, we all do it, it's a lot of fun, you have to check this place out! When the singing bus girl came back to our table, I was half afraid to ask for more bread, what a star!

Okay, moving on, when you first walk in there is a steep flight of stairs to the right, hello, restrooms and a very cozy lounge are up there, I found it amusing to have a phone on the wall in the restroom, but hey, this place is different, indeed. To the right of walking in is a small bar and bread station, then the restaurant really opens up with multiple dining rooms, they made great use of the space.

The Victor Cafe is a long standing and famed Italian restaurant, with pictures of generations of the DiStefano's adorning the walls, along with numerous famous celebrities. The shelves hold old Victor boxes and of course the RCA pup. 

Onto the food, Michael had the Tortelloni Bellini which were filled with beef, veal and pork and in a cognac cream sauce with peas, tomatoes, prosciutto and parmesan cheese, he devoured this dish and lapped up all of the sauce with their wonderful bread.

I was torn between the porcini mushroom stuffed raviolis in a gorganzola cream sauce with pine nuts and diced tomatoes or the chicken parmesan with linguini, so I asked my server to choose and he said his favorite was the chicken parm, so I said good enough. It was a huge portion and very delicious, I now need to return to try the mushroom ravioli dish.

The place is vibrant, a whole lot of fun, great food and I almost felt like I was back in Italy! One note, refills on sodas are a full extra charge.
Came here yesterday with a friend for a 6pm reservation.  We arrived on time, and the restaurant was completely packed.  Almost overflowing! People said it was because of the Andrea Bocelli concert and additionally the Army/Navy game for today.  We were asked to wait in the lounge upstairs until our table was ready.

After less than 10 minutes, we were seated.  The restaurant is fully covered in old black and white head shots and other artwork of all things opera, and also a healthy dose of Rocky as they filmed some of the movie scenes here.  

The menu looked very good and reasonably priced. I chose a beet salad and the Dido and Aeneas pasta which was spaghetti with dry scallops and shrimp in a butter based sauce.  Both were excellent and filling.  Scallops were cooked perfectly.  My friend had a Caesar salad and Rustica Pasta which included homemade meatballs and sausage.  He also loved his meal.  They serve bread with a pesto/oil which was very good.

About every 20 minutes, one of the staff rings a bell, and they give a short synopsis of the piece they are about to sing.  The music starts, and everyone stops to listen.  It's a little weird to just drop everything interrupting your meal to listen, but the pieces are short and sweet, and then you get back to your eating and conversation.  The staff are all professional singers or at least in school for music.  Sometimes they travel around the restaurant so you lose your ability to hear everything, but you still have to wait.

After we were finished having some cordials post dinner, we decided to go back upstairs to the very cool lounge which has several couches and chairs and more memorabilia.  We ended up having a discussion with someone who was waiting for their party to arrive and had a pleasant time.

The only thing that I did not like about Victor Cafe was where we were seated for our 2-top.  We were on the main floor next to a set of two stairs to another eating level.  The flooring thumped every time a staff or customer came up or down the steps, and it was constant!  For me, it was extremely irritating to have to deal with it not only sound-wise, but having the table move with the drinks and such.  Since the restaurant was packed, there was constant movement past our table and thump, thump, thump.  The flooring needs to be improved to avoid the movement.  This was really my only negative, but it was so bad it did not make me want to hit the high note about Victor Cafe.

Service was friendly and colorful.  I think they sang Happy Birthday about six times while we were eating.

$122 including tip for two, and one drink each, no dessert.  Additional $45 for alcohol before and after the meal.
First off, this is the neatest little building, a class act old-style kind of place that kind of makes you feel like a movie star in an old movie. Not because it's fancy, but because it's full of character. I love a place that has covered every available wall space with photos and pictures and paintings! And the tin ceiling is lovely. 

The food is pretty good, classic Italian dishes and a surprising number of vegetarian options, but you really go to Victor for the atmosphere - the wait staff breaking into song every few minutes. I took my parents, who were visiting from out of town, and they could truly say they'd never been to any place like it!

I will say that I had to waiver on stars, though, because our waiter really wasn't good. He didn't have the specials memorized, he always seemed rushed, and in an entire dinner service he never removed the used (and discarded) glassware from the side of our table. It's a crowded space, and we really could have used the elbow space. The wait staff have so much to do - with the singing, and cuing each others music, and the night we were there, seemingly managing the place and serving as hosts/hostesses, its hard to blame them for not being more attentive. That said, the OTHER wait staff were very helpful, and eventually cleared our table, so maybe our waiter was just the worst of the crop. So it goes. 

Definitely a memorable place for a date or entertaining, I'd go back.
Thanks to my husband's planning we spent a wonderful Valentines dinner here at Victor Café last night. I honestly didn't expect much from the food as I thought the venue and the singing were the main attraction. 

The venue certainly lives up to the hype. It's a beautiful classic row home  filled with objects and photos which represents the last hundred years the family has owned this location. Very cozy and romantic inside. Right from the Valet parking staff Who offered to take our photo underneath the iconic sign, and the hostess who happily offered to check my coat, it felt like coming into an old friend's house. 

The service was impeccable and the singing is just not to be believed. Absolutely phenomenal talent. Brought me to tears. 

The food was an exceptional surprise. We started with the burrata  which was fresh and with sweetly seasoned red peppers and crostini. I had tortellini pesto and my husband enjoyed his linguine and clams. We had bread pudding and cheesecake for dessert which each came with a chocolate covered strawberry -that might've been just for Valentine's Day. We were staffed and went home with leftovers.  

You're not allowed to take any photos due to copyright laws so I didn't take pictures of the food but I will tell you that it was a delicious and romantic meal and I look forward to returning soon.
What a fabulous night of drinking and eating while the service staff sang opera.   I'm not an opera fan but these men and women were amazing.   Every 20 minutes a different server would get up explain the story behind the song and belt out amazing sounds that I don't have the words to give them enough praise.   

The meal was delicious.   My Veal Saltimbocca had two nice sizes pieces of thinly cut veal topped with crispy Prosciutto with a mushroom grave on top of Risotto.   Every bite was a mouthful of flavor.   The Shrimp and Scallops Linguine was in a light yet tasty sauce.   The linguine was perfect cooked as was the seafood.   Everyone else at the table verbalized what a wonderful meal they were having.   I would have liked a more aggressive Caesar dressing.  

Desserts were not pictured here as they went too fast.   Frozen Lemon Sorbet,  creme brûlée and warm chocolate cake were enjoyed by the whole table.  

Definitely a place to try at least once.
Ambience. Opera. Classic South Philly. Italian food. History. What's not to love? The entertainment, the vintage decor, the photos of classic singers, the super personable and talented waitstaff. Fantastic. I have been dying to come here for years. I'm not sure what took us so long as we are only a few short blocks away from this classic. We finally made it for Valentines Day this year. We spend that day with our kiddos and go out a few days earlier which was perfect for Victor. They said that is their busiest day of the year. That and NYE. So make your reservations early if you plan on going one one of those days which seems like it would be a blast! . That and Christmastime I imagine are really fun and festive. We didn't have an issue at all on a Wednesday night with parking or a wait. It was so easy in fact. We were the first ones there with our 6:00pm reservations. That shortly changed and the first floor was jumping by the time we left. They do have valet but we were able to find spot right out front across the street. Easy. 

We were actually seated at the table Sly Stallone was at a few days earlier filming the new Rocky. The 6th I believe. We just missed him. The photos of opera singers had been changed to photos of famous boxers on the walls behind us for filming. Pretty neat to sit in a film scene. I guess we will have to see the movie now! We sat on the first floor right past the vintage bar. Note the (Victor) RCA dog (hint hint) and vintage record player and opera busts as you walk in. The building was home to a gramophone shop in 1918 owned by an Italian immigrant who settled here over 100 years ago and wanted to keep his love for classical music alive. First the shop, then the restaurant. His family still runs it. Read the full history on their site. Pretty neat. I love this kind of stuff. 

The huge draw is obviously the live opera. The waiters who are also singers take turns performing arias every 20 minutes. They ring a bell and stand at different spots around the restaurant so everyone gets a front row seat. They choose their own piece to sing. We heard selections in German, English and Italian. I did almost cry during one performance I thought was just so beautiful. You can really get caught up in it all. Ask your waiter their story. Ours told us he had no previous experience in waiting tables and was hired strictly based on his voice and was a recent Northwestern graduate. Interesting. Luckily, he was a great waiter as well as extremely talented singer. 

Although the opera is the special treat, the food is not to be overlooked... Delish. Classic red and white checkered table cloths and fresh bread with pesto wait for you at your table with candles. Very nice wine list too. I had a lovely chianti which brought me back to Italy. My hubby had a crisp white. My husband ordered the red pepper and burrata appetizer with crostini. Very similar to a mozzarella. Her enjoyed the soft cheese and crisp bread very much. I had them create a veggie filled dish for me and they did so, no problem and at no extra charge. Pasta with spinach, tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, pine nuts. Simple and suburb. My hubby had the gnocchi special in a cream sauce which he also enjoyed. For dessert he ordered tiramisu. He considers himself somewhat of a tiramisu snob and gave this one a thumbs up. We got one to go for our babysitters also. 
All and all a truly great experience. Every detail. Everyone was super nice. The decor was cozy. The food and singing, fantastic. I say it's a must especially for couples as it is insanely romantic although I really want to bring my girls back. I think they would love it.
Wow, wow, wow!!! I can't believe it's taken me this long to dine at Victor Cafe. The live opera singing, incredibly talented and courteous staff,  historical yet intimate decor, and delicious Italian cooking truly make it a one of a kind gem, not only in Philly, but dare I say in the country? 

It recently observed its 100th year anniversary. And they also love celebrating anniversaries of others. The staff would announce the anniversary of couples and give them the floor to dance (should they choose). I took my S.O. here for his birthday, and the full wait staff came over and sang him a beautiful happy birthday rendition.

I was fully prepared to dine for just the experience of listening to live opera (every 15-20 min, one wait staff breaks out in song). Little did I know, the food was equally impressive. The complementary house bread and olive oil/walnut cilantro pesto was so tasty. I had to make a very conscious effort to not fill up on bread. 

For appetizers, we ordered the borrata, which came with garlic crostini and roasted peppers. Flavor-wise it was nothing extraordinary, but it was so fresh and light, a perfect starter before the entrees. 

I had the Prince Igor, penne in vodka sauce with salmon and asparagus, topped with caviar. Deep and rich flavored sauce, with perfectly cooked salmon and asparagus, paired with al dente pasta - SOOO good, but rather heavy. I was only able to eat about half the plate. The S.O. ordered the lamb bolognese. Again, incredibly tasty. He struggled, but managed to eat the whole thing!! We ended the meal by sharing a panna cotta, which he ate most of as I was just super stuffed at that point.

Considering the quality, entertainment, and uniqueness, it was also very affordable. Three cocktails, an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert was about $100 (tip not included). I 100% will be coming back! In fact, I may or may not have already made a reservation for next week to take my family!
This is a lot of fun. The singing is sincere if not very good,   But the food is just ok. It might even be be good. But it's a great time and worth s visit.  The restaurant is classic and the service is solid. If you haven't been there you should go!! I've been going my whole life. Ask to sit in the"non shooting section " Nicki Scarfo jr was shot there so....,,
Contrary to some of the other reviews for Victor Cafe, I had a great experience there and would highly recommend it! I found the food and the opera singing absolutely wonderful. I felt like we were at a dinner theatre with front row seats! 

The opera singing was breath taking. I could literally feel the song moving through me, it was awesome! I'm not typically an opera kind of gal, but WOW! These waiters and waitresses are SERIOUSLY talented. 

The food was great, classic Italian that had been slightly updated. I had the butternut squash gnocchi with prosciutto sauce which was amazing, and every other person in my party really enjoyed their meal too. Also, please note that we were a party of DeFrancesco's and Ianucci's, so we may not be "foodie" experts but we know good Italian food when we taste it! :) 

The one thing I do have to say about the restaurant is that our service was not phenomenal, and our waiter seemed somewhat annoyed by every trivial request we had. Although, if I had a truly talented voice like that, I'd probably be annoyed waiting tables too! 

Overall, it's a really fun, romantic, and unique experience!
Visited the famous Victor Cafe on a coworker's recommendation with my family while visiting Philadelphia for the weekend. We called when we landed on Friday and were able to get a reservation for six that night at 8:30. Sandra, the woman I spoke with was so sweet and accommodating and patiently answered the million questions I had. 

When you arrive, the venue is filled to the brim with pictures of singers. We also checked out the lounge upstairs that really can't be missed. Its such a unique space! The performances are captivating and the singers are so talented. When we arrived, we were sat immediately. Our server was great at helping us navigate the menu and explaining the performances. The performances are captivating and fantastic. I loved it! 

Our server was great at helping us navigate the menu. She also recommended different things. We ended up getting the cheese plate, calamari, and the burrata as an appetizer. The food is normal Italian fare. Everything we ordered was delicious. 

The whole visit was such a treat. I totally recommended that everyone visiting Philadelphia check out Victor's Cafe. It was the highlight of the weekend!
It's probably telling to see a restaurant either when you're the only table there or when they are completely slammed with people.  We went early on a super cold Wed night, 5pm, very early for a place like Victor and we were the only table, a group of 7.  

We were greeted at the door warmly, and the entire evening was sweet, fun, with great singing and good food--spot on service.  I had an arugula salad w. walnuts and vinaigrette--large portions, and a chicken breast w. fontina cheese and maybe prosciutto?--over polenta--it was very good, again a large portion!

Menu may be a bit old fashioned but everything was well prepared, fresh vegetables in the salad.  Bread from a local bakery.  Tiramisu for dessert could have used a little more kick of espresso, or alcohol--might have been a non-alcohol version.  

If you go, make sure you see the second floor lounge area, it's a mixture of design styles, but two people in our party commented that they would like to hang out there for a few hours, super cool space.  

Lilly, our server, and I should really say opera singer/server, offered us a Verdi aria, something about a princess who was up to no good--that rattled our water glasses!  Opera from four feet away is a powerful experience.  And Lilly was committed to the aria, it had a "lived in" feel, maybe she is really a princess who is up to no good?

To be honest, I thought Victor Café would be cheesy, and the only cheese was in my chicken dish.  A really sweet, fun evening, I'll go back!
We have been visiting this jewel since 1989 and have been consistently pleased with the food and always thrilled by the music.   They have upgraded the menu in recent years to include more contemporary Italian dishes in addition to the workhorses of any South Philly Italian eatery.   Standouts include the beautiful burrata with roasted peppers and tostinos.  The portion was large enough to share and the burrata will entirely transform your perspective on fresh mozzarella.   The Clams Casino and Caesar Salads were gobbled up by the table and proclaimed quite excellent.   Our entrees included calamari in fra diavolo sauce over linguine, which had perfectly poached calamari in a well-balanced and not-too-hot sauce and shrimp scampi (our dining companion all but picked up the plate to lick it),

The highlight of the evening, of course, was the opera.  On a typical night, the singers would perform perhaps every 15 minutes but during our most recent visit, they sang every 10 minutes (or less).   There was not a weak performance all night, and we were riveted during each.   The world has too few places to visit where both your soul and stomach receive sustenance, and this is one of them.  Do go even if you are not an opera fan.  We have taken a long series of Rock n Roll fans there and each left as an opera fan, too.
Wow. This place is so special. 

My boyfriend and I went to The Victor Cafe last night to celebrate my birthday. We originally were planning to go to one of the many upscale steak houses in Center City, which I decided are (in my opinion) never truly worth the sky high price tags. I was making reservations for a Saturday night only a few days out, so knew I might be limited in terms of availability. I saw that Victor Cafe had great ratings and more importantly at that point, open tables for an 8pm reservation. My boyfriend nor myself had ever been there, and looking through the reviews and history of the place, we decided to give it a try. So so so happy we did.

We arrived promptly at 8 and were immediately walked to our intimate two top in a small side room off of the main entrance area. (Next time I would definitely plan to come about 30 minutes early to snag a drink at the beautiful upstairs candlelit bar!) We were seated and quickly greeted by our server, Steven. We both ordered drinks and decided to also order two appetizers, the burrata and fried calamari. Both were delicious. The roasted peppers with a rich flavor that came with the burrata were especially tasty. Truly a great start to our meal. For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the Pork Chops and I, the decadent ravioli. Steven quickly took our order and then we look up and he begins singing a song from My Fair Lady for the restaurant. If you haven't gathered already from the other reviews, the staff here are all professionally trained opera/theater singers. And they are truly fantastic. I was worried when I heard of this aspect that my boyfriend might not like it--but they do it timed perfectly (about every 15-20 minutes or so), so it's not disruptive in any way and is just such a wonderful overall experience.

Our main meals came, my boyfriend's pork chops cooked perfectly with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and my mushroom filled ravioli with a gorgonzola cream sauce with walnuts and tomatoes was rich and out-of-this-world good. We both knew we wouldn't be able to finish them so had them boxed for my delicious lunch later today. For desert my boyfriend had sneakily told the staff it was my birthday, so here they all came in all their opera glory singing me happy birthday and presenting my a slice of tiramisu with a lit candle. It was honestly such a beautiful night. I was afraid it might feel "gimmicky" or maybe even like a tourist trap, and I assure you it was neither of those things. Just a lovely night, from the ambiance and coziness of the restaurant itself, to the incredibly friendly and talented (!!!) employees (major shout out to Steven, who took wonderful care of us!!), to the delicious food. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to celebrate a special night or just to go somewhere out of the ordinary for a unique and beautiful night out in Philadelphia!
The waiters/waitresses in Victor are wonderful! Every time I've gone here I've had the nicest waiters or waitresses, who are talented to boot. My "beef" with Victor is because 2 DAYS after we had eaten here last, I got a phonecall from management, telling me that the computer didn't add two meals to our bill. So why did they call? Well to get my credit card of course and settle the score. Uh... say what? You're calling me up 2 days later over $40 from my birthday dinner?? I guess I could think of this call as a belated Happy Birthday from Victor Cafe. Don't get me wrong, I know that we ate the meals, and for fear that they would take it out of our server's pay, I called back and gave them my credit card. But that ruined my vibe with the place. And to add insult to injury, the guy wasn't even super appreciative of the fact that I DID call back. We had had some drinks and just didn't look at the itemized bill and I guess we didn't notice, but I couldn't shake the feeling that he wasn't super apologetic because perhaps he thought that we felt we had almost gotten away with something? Oh yes, let's rack up a bill that we pay, except for $40....we showed them! Mwah HA HAaaa. We may not be "regulars", in every week, but I certainly would have bought more than $40 worth of meals over the next year alone.  I highly doubt that Victor Cafe would go under because it lost $40 and I think he called me for the money on principle alone. But now the 4 of us will never go there again, on principle alone. Pssh.
I cant believe it took me so long living in Philadelphia to go to this restaurant. I made a reservation on opentable for a saturday night. We arrived and were seated quickly. I loved the opera singing waiters and waitresses!! They are seriously amazingly talented. It is such a different dinning experience and makes for such a fun evening. The food was good too. I shared the burata appetizer and had the linguine and clams for my entree. Both were delicious. The restaurant also has a cool lounge upstairs where we had an after dinner drink. Highly recommend this place!
In two years the Victor Café will be celebrating 100 years! This is my second time there and I must say, it's possibly one of my favorite Italian places in Philly. The decor is charming with lots of black and white portraits on the wall and small tables with red and white checkered cloths. The place certainly gives you the sense that it's telling a story. I've also heard that scenes from Rocky were filmed here! 

The service is amazing! The staff has always been incredibly friendly and accommodating. We have gone there twice in a big group. It's great for small intimate dinners as well as ones with children and several families.

I love that they break out into opera! It's not excessive and it's simple and beautiful. After the light ringing of a bell, a server will explain what she or he is about to sing and what the song signifies. The talent is impressive. There's silence and then a burst of applause each time. Definitely a unique quality in a restaurant! 

The food is delicious. They start off with fresh bread and an olive oil and pesto concoction to dip it in. Their pesto is so refreshing and flavorful. I ordered a glass of Montepulciano and it paired well with everything. They also have a fully stocked bar and were able to make my friends custom cocktails. 

I've gotten the linguine and clams and the tortellini. The linguine and calms dish was perfect; the tortellini was very flavorful but I found there to be a little more oil than preferable. What I really appreciated is how they were able to convert a dish into a gluten-free option for my friend. 

For dessert, try their tiramisu! It's got an excellent texture and even better taste.

If you're in Philadelphia and want a unique dining experience, I'd certainly try this place!
At Victor Cafe, the food is not great.  Lacks flavour and is overpriced.  Pasta is overcooked.  Fish was bland and overcooked.

But the food's not why you're here.  You're here because every once in a while, a server will burst into song.  Some performances are unimpressive (much like the food), but one singer had a wonderful, deep, operatic voice.  He was fantastico!

I've definitely had better Italian food, but I'm adding a star for the novelty of singing waiters.
Such a special place. Each waiter or waitress possesses extraordinary singing talent, and something about watching a person transform from friendly waiter to opera star while enjoying an absolutely delicious pasta and red wine keeps us coming again and again. Even our kids are transfixed once the singing starts. Love it here!
This was a special occasion and the evening was excellent in every way. 
First, once all people on our table arrived service was prompt and attentive. 
We had two people who flew into the airport from out of town. There flight was delayed. I changed the reservation once, but we still had to wait 40 minutes for their arrival. 
The waitress held of on getting us to order initially, but was there immediately when they arrived.  We did order Fried Calamari to carry us over until our guests arrived. 

The waitress was friendly and answered questions, such as the training for the singers. 
First tip, use the valet parking. It makes the evening easier than trying to drive around South Philly looking for an opening. 

So the food is outstanding, I ordered a pasta dish with three kinds of meat. It was delicious and cooked wonderfully. It came with a large mound of spaghetti. 
My 11 year old son, had a pasta dish they made just for him. Basically, a cheese ravioli with an alfredo sauce. He did not like the vegetables in the different pasta dishes. 
Wy Aunt had a Chicken Picata and thought it was outstanding. 
My Uncle, I'm not sure what he had but it looked good. 

Second tip, know that they sing every 15 minutes. This at times breaks up conversation at the table. The aria's are fairly short a couple minutes or two. But, they are all exceptional. I did not know when booking they did this. But, my Aunt and Uncle from out of town loved it! 

The environment is unique. You are in an old school Italian cafe, with red checkered table cloths and lots of photos on the wall. My son thought the people looked funny/crazy. And initially he didn't like the music. But, he would be upset during the singing if the singer went in the other room. (I think he enjoyed it even though he said the music was awful.) 

I'm thrilled with this experience. And my last thought, I think there are a couple chain restaurants that try to duplicate this place in some way (Bucca Di Peppo). But, this is a classic place and done very well.
The Victor Cafe deserves commentary not just on the food and service, but also on the restaurant's history, starting as a record store almost a century ago. The restaurant didn't open until the 1930's, but is still owned by the same family, which is remarkable in and of itself. Given its long history, I don't think it deserves anything less than to be taken seriously. Yet it teeters on the edge of being a tourist trap. But during my recent 2016 visit, every time they seemed to veer toward real disappointment, they also veered back, providing, overall, one of the most positively memorable restaurant experiences I'll probably have this year.
Make reservations. When we left after the first seating on a hot July Sunday night, it was packed, and people were waiting for tables.
First, about the food. It's okay, but not inspired, I'm sorry to say. (Note, as I explain below, it's not just about the food in this place.) In a great restaurant city like Philly, though, I would rank Victor way down on the list in recommending a truly inspired meal.
The food specifics: the Clams Casino were reportedly "okay," but didn't compare to the ones recently eaten in New Orleans (okay, maybe that's not fair). The Beet Salad was okay, too, but just a few slices of red and golden beets at the edge of a large pile of greens, just barely tasting of any dressing. I found the Porcini mushroom Ravioli with the Gorgonzola sauce to be satisfying, but I think it's exactly the same dish I had here some 30 years ago. The Veal Saltimbocca, however, stood out with a rave of "as good as I've ever had." Yes, I did like the flavored oil dipping bowl for the bread. But it's a soft-crusted, very close-crumbed bread, definitely out of fashion.
I first came to this restaurant before it expanded into the row house next door to add a second dining area. Those were the days when the record collection (mostly '78s) was housed in the large alcove in the back of the main dining room, and you could request that Maestro Di Stefano play your favorite opera aria. Ironic, isn't it, that now that vinyl is back, the records are gone?
Second, about the music. More specifically, the opera singing, which the waiters provide about every 20 minutes or so. (So don't be surprised if your waiter seems to know more about opera and less about details of how the dishes are prepared - but in our case, our waiter steered me away from what might have been choices he knew I'd regret.) You can find better live performances of opera and solo voice recitals in Philly. Not that these singers - most seemed to be grad students in music - are bad. One of our dear friends waited on tables here while in music school, and now he's in the Met Opera chorus. They really surprised me with their choices - two arias from "The Ballad of Baby Doe" (now that's an indication that this 20th century opera has truly entered the repertoire) a Schubert song (was that really "Der Tod und das Mädchen" with an abbreviated accompaniment? indeed - diners, look into the abyss of death as you contemplate the Veal Saltimbocca set before you!), two Donizetti arias (probably not known to most people, but perfect for a restaurant interlude). Most mainstream was a finely rendered "Maria" from West Side Story.
The old opera and food culture of Italian South Philly is now largely gone. There is a whole new restaurant/bar scene around E. Passyunk, which leaves anachronistic Victor behind. To judge from the photos of musicians on the walls, the clock stopped some time in the 1930s. The three most prominent conductor portraits are of Koussevitzky, Stokowski, and Toscanini (L-R). That grouping puzzled me for years until I realized that they recorded early on for RCA Victor. Those portraits were very likely distributed to promote record sales. A larger than life Nipper, also frozen in time listening to his master's voice, is there, too, above the door. Just as the menu is a bit fusty, so goes the musical culture on the walls. A veritable time capsule.
They veer toward being merely a tourist destination when a $12 glass of wine seems to be ungenerously small; with the Rocky-inspired painting on the back wall; with background music not entirely turned off so it competes with a waiter's aria; or when I mention to the bartender that I'd like him to pass my compliments on to his wife for her singing, he replies with a surly tone, "There she is, tell her yourself." The bothersome question here is whether the singing staff, with professional studies in their backgrounds, resent being props in a kitschy opera-themed tourist restaurant for people who don't even go to the opera. Not a good vibe. Tip generously.
Finally, I had to give them 5 stars because when trained singers get up and actually sing in the same room where you're sitting - whether they are amateur or professional - it sometimes may be far from perfect, but it's about as honest and genuine as it gets.
The Victor Cafe is one of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had. The combination of delicious Italian food and live Opera make for a wonderful night out. 

If you're a newbie here the staff/singers will give you the run down on how everything works. But if you want to seem like a regular, here it is: The entire staff are opera singers. Every 20 to 30 minutes one of the staff members will ring a bell, give a short background, then sing a beautiful opera song. Since they are part of a union you are not allowed to take pictures, videos, or audio recordings- put your snap chat down and enjoy the music! 

For dinner I ordered the Ravioli which was amazing. A plate full of mushroom stuffed ravioli's came out piping hot in a Gorgonzola cream topped with mushrooms and tomatoes. Mushroom ravioli's are a personal favorite of mine, and these are by far the best I've had. 

For dessert I shared the warm chocolate lava cake which was the perfect way to finish off a delicious dinner. The warm cake was filled with a warm chocolate sauce and served with a side of vanilla ice cream.
Simply outstanding! My mother, brother, and I enjoyed this restaurant immensely. We had a 7:30 reservation, but we're made to wait until ~8:00 before being seated. The hostess apologized profusely for the wait and comped our desserts without us even asking. I was appreciative that they made an effort to rectify the inconvenience. 

We were seated in the smaller section to the side of the restaurant and while we didn't have a great view of all of the performances of the evening, we were treated to performances exclusively for our section and all the waiters made an effort to move around the restaurant so that all diners could be treated to their fantastic voices. 

The food was delicious. My mother and I ordered the Chicken Tosca, a pan seared chicken breast stuffed with cheese and prosciutto with polenta and veggies. My brother had the pork chop with mashed potatoes. I also ordered a side of linguine with alfredo sauce. 

Everyone loved their meal. The meat was tender and flavorful and the pasta clung to the creamy alfredo sauce. My brother loved his dish as well. 

Altogether, we had a delightful experience. The combination of food, service, and entertainment is hard to beat!
We took my mom for her birthday, she had been wanting to dine at the Victor Cafe for years. I was really impressed by the food and waitstaff who all professionally sing opera every 20 minutes or so, with a nice intro to each song and its history. 

When we walked in we were greeted very enthusiastically. Not even 10 mins after sitting down and we had our first opera performance. We were all in shock at first, hearing opera for the first time is an emotional experience. Expect to laugh, giggle and just smile the whole time!

Mussels and an arugula salad with figs are two appetizers we shared. Good portions and fresh ingredients. For my entree I went with the Chilean Sea Bass, its hard for me to pass that up! The skin was left on, I personally am not a fan of sea bass skin, I prefer a nice crispy skin. 

I told our waiter we had a birthday and he brought out dessert with a candle and the entire staff sang happy birthday to my mom opera style! It was beautiful and quite a pleasant surprise. For dessert we got the Creme Brûlée and Panna Cotta, both were phenomenal. If you are sharing a dessert I would recommend the Creme Brûlée because it is a little bigger. 

Enjoy!
If you're looking for a unique dining experience, Victor's is a must! While I wasn't impressed with the food, the opera performances made up for what the mediocre pasta dishes lacked in. 
I must applaud the wait staff; not just for their cordial service, but for their amazing talent. We stuck around for three arias, and were blown away by the range in notes that were hit- I was convinced that my water glass was going to break. 
I recommend coming to Victor's to celebrate a birthday because they sing a beautiful version of the classic song.
The only thing this place has to offer is the singing wait staff. On a recent visit, it was the highlight of the night.  The wait staff move like snails, and often appear confused.  Getting bread, or a re-fill of water becomes a team building activity for most tables. The food is mediocre, border line tasteless.  This is not authentic Italian food. It is a watered down version of the real thing.  If you are simply going to see the opera singers, by all means, go.  If you are looking for a great meal, it won't happen here. Don't waist your money.
When I heard "live opera singers serving dinner"....in South Philly, I must admit I was worried, very worried.  But, upon entering Victor Cafe, one is confronted with a very friendly staff and a very cozy space with lots of charm.  I will admit, the service was average and the food was slightly above average Italian, the opera singing was amazing.  The servers are all trained in singing opera, like opera, opera.  Throughout the dinner, they would turn down the, err, opera, and play an opera song without the lyrics, the singer would explain the song, and then begin to belt it out.  This sounds like it would be a disruption, but they were so talented that they drew you in and it enhanced the dynamic at our table and our overall dining experience.  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to Victor Cafe.
I'm giving Victor Cafe 5 Stars not because it is perfect - it ain't - but because as long as you are not in a hurry, it always provides you with a great and memorable experience and, often, with excellent food as well!
Why come here?  The waiters, waitresses, and even the bartender are all professional opera singers or training to be one, and they are all EXCELLENT as opera singers.  We come here, above all, for the performances and for the old Philly ambiance.  
As servers, they frequently forget a course or two or mess up orders, but they are always nice about it.  Without being asked, every screw up (which happens on half our visits) is accompanied by them volunteering to make up for it, in one way or another, This keeps us coming back.  We come here for the singing, not the service. 
The food is hit or miss.  The Eggplant Parmesan I had is the best I've ever had.  The pastas  are consistent and excellent.  The salads  are superlative - Caesar, Caprese and Victor.  The chicken and fish can be on the dry side, shellfishkkkuom is normally quite good. Desserts are HUGE, very Italian, and delicious. But don't judge Victor Cafe by the food alone - the Victor Cafe is an experience, and a very special one!  For that reason, I MUST give it 5 stars.j
Victor Cafe serves the best Italian American food I've had in Philadelphia. I appreciate that they don't shy aware from controversial menu items, such as fried smelts and chicken livers. While I do enjoy these rustic dishes my personal favorites are the more mainstream whole branzino and chicken piccata. And of course the talented waiters are fantastic!
I love this time capsule that takes you back to the Italian-American atmosphere in the early and mid-20th century. I love the friendliness of the singing waiters and waitresses. I love the singing concept, honestly. However, their execution makes this concept a bit cheesy, cliche, distracting, and as burden as their heavy-laden gnocchi.

Calibrate your expectation before you come. If your idea of fun is having friendly waiters or waitresses politely interrupting you every 15 to 30 min from your mediocre meal and your conversations to get your FULL ATTENTION to their singing, this is your place. Not mine though, I find it to be very distracting. No matter how good the music or their singing is, the centerpiece of a restaurant should be the food and the diner's conversation, not the music. The music's role in a restaurant is to complement that centerpiece while not stealing the show. Obviously this place has an identity crisis of trying to be a theater and a restaurant both at the same time.

This is like going to a regular restaurant and I have to stop my meal and salute to every song the restaurant is playing. Why? Are they implying that their food does not deserve my full attention? Well, the food here certainly isn't worth a shout-out. 

To cheapen the whole experience even further, this place is a birthday cliche haven. We definitely went through six or seven rounds of Happy Birthday song before our guest of honor's turn, so the surprise element is definitely gone at that point.

Don't get me wrong. I like the singing concept and it still has potentials. I think it would be better if the singing could be toned down to be more of a background music while diners enjoy their meal.

My favorite part is still the old school Italian American decor. It really takes you to a time and space that is mesmerizing enough to forget your mediocre meal. That's how good the atmosphere is, if not for the distracting singing.
We came here for the first time for our second year anniversary. We easily made the reservation online and there was an option for reservation occasion. They will sing to you and give you a free dessert. 
Our waitress, Aubry, is easily the best waitress we have ever had. We tipped 40% on a $70 bill as a testament of how great she is.

The table was set and awaiting our arrival. Aubry, introduced herself to us as we were seated and explained the no photography during performances rule. Every 20 minutes one of the waitstaff would sing an a When we were finished our meal she gave us a free cannoli with a candle, made an announcement about our anniversary and and us an aria about love. 

The food was also as good as the service. I ordered a shrimp pasta with extra sauce and enjoyed every  bite of it. My partner ordered a pork chop, but didn't like it due to personal preference. 


I would definitely come back here.
Awesome! Wow! This is an amazing restaurant. An stunning place to take your wife, date, hear opera music or just explore Rocky history. This is a unique establishment where servers will sing opera to customers about every 12 minutes. And they are amazing singers. There is also opera memorabilia and popular patrons on the walls all over here. I can go on and on, but I love the fact that the movies "Rocky Balboa" & "Creed" were filmed here. Finally, the food is amazing. Had a bowl of Fettuccine Alfredo and it was delicious.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: Last Sunday with the family for graduation dinner. Reservation is highly recommended! We were on the wait list and luckily got off the list just in time. 
- Frequency: Third time 
- Next visit? This is one of my favorite restaurants so yes yes yes. Definitely will come back. 

FOODRINK:
- Bread basket + pesto: Every table gets this. I usually don't care for these but it made more sense to me as the meal took +20 minutes to arrive 
- Beet + Goat Cheese Salad: had yellow and red beets. Delightful! 
- Monepulciano: On the dry end. Delightful red. 
- Fruti di Mare: Mussels,  clams, scallops, shrimp, calamari and monkfish overl inguine in marinara sauce. The sauce was a bit runny but my dad finished the whole thing. Plenty of seafood! 
- Veal Piccata: sauteed with capers in white wine, lemon, butter and garlic over capellini. The capellini was really well done and has a super lemony zesty flavor which I loved but the rest of the family did not like the overpowering lemon zest. Soft texture. 
- Risotto primavera: plenty of vegetable. well cooked. not overly creamy or saucey. 

VIBE:
- Dim lighting 
- Wall decorated with all the great musicians that came through. 
- Ambience is fantastic. The wait staff are classically opera trained singers so you will hear a bell ring every 15- 20 minutes. It's the perfect spot if you want an evening of live music + delicious classic Italian cuisine. Place has been open for almost a 100 years? 
- The upstairs is a lounge/bar. It almost feels like a speakeasy bc the staircase leading up to it is so un-suspecting. The place used to be called Victor's Rendezvous during the prohibition era. With carpets and tapestries laid down and different eclectic furniture, grab yourself a nice Manhattan and relax! 
- Service: excellent and attentive even though it's almost always full every time I come here. 
- Noise level: Low
- Wait time for food arrival: 26 minutes and 59 seconds 
- Wait time for our check: almost immediate
These Italian seafood devours come from the famous Philadelphia landmarks @victorcafe in south philly! The history behind this place is that it stared in every ROCKY Movie. On the weekends, every server is a certified opera singer and they sing every 30 mins. While here I ordered the "dido et Aeneas" shrimp and scallops in garlic, butter, lemon, and white wine broth. This dish was absolutely phenomenal. The shrimps and scallops with huge and tasteful. The broth was excellent and extremely good. Of u ever find yourself in the south Philadelphia area and wanting some authentic Italian? Please check out @victorcafe and tell them shimmy shinzo sent you! #italianfood #italy #shrimp #scallops #wine #seafood #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodblogger #philly #philadelphia #resturants
If I could give The Victor Cafe 10 stars, I would do it without hesitation. What a fabulous experience on every level!!!

Hard to know where to begin, but food first. 

My main dish was stellar, could not possibly have been one smidge more succulent. It was a special of the day, the Frutti de Mar, and it brimmed with mussels, calamari, scallops, clams, oysters and fish. The broth was heavenly. They prepared mine over risotto rather than linguini as I don't do wheat, and it was a wonderful combination. Several gluten free options and they are happy to switch up most noodle items as well to accommodate. 

Our table of six shared a Caesar salad and the smelts appetizer. I have never experienced a better Caesar, and it could easily serve as an entire meal. Smelts are not my favorite in general, but I liked them and my father loved them (he's the anchovy/smelt guy). 

Oh! And the desserts! To die for. 

The history is well worth the read (on the menu or website). Really neat. And of course every 20 minutes or so an operatic piece and singer are announced and then the place swells with magnificent song! 

It was my father's ninety first birthday and he was serenaded by an operatic rendition of happy birthday! He loved it!!! A great place to celebrate an occasion. 

The atmosphere is friendly and energized (albeit pretty loud, my parents are older and don't hear well so were not able to participate in a group table convo - but they didn't complain, as the experience itself made up for it). 
The upstairs is a fun place to have a drink. Very open and friendly, with beautiful old brick walls and arches. Worth checking out even if you are wining and dining at the table only. 

So. To recap - Food. Beyond excellent. Atmosphere:   Fantastic. Service: spectacular.
Went there with the hopes of a special dinner for my mom who loves opera.  The food was so terrible it outweighed the opera.  Chicken overcooked and pasta + mussels were nothing special.  The servers are talented but the ambiance is so old that it doesn't make it worth it. for some reason they cut the restaurant in half with a wall so the servers are balancing between singing to both sides. Also they didn't seat us in the white linen side of the restaurant for some reason (the place was empty on a fri night) which was disappointing because like I said I was hoping it to be a special occasion.  $12 for valet (parking is a nightmare at the location) was another drawback.  Go to High Note Cafe
THE BEST. I came to Victor Cafe years ago, and I remember loving it. So I went back last night and still love it! This is the most unique dining experience you will have... your waitress and waiters SING OPERA to you while you eat! 

SINGING: Every server will sing. Even the hostess sometimes. About every 15 minutes or so, they ring a bell to get everyone's attention. They preface the opera song with a story behind the meaning of the song, then ta-da! the singing begins. And these people have the BEST voices, its stunning! The restaurant is pretty small, think narrow townhouse style like you're dining in your grandma's house. So the singing doesn't need to be on a stage, they just belt it out next to your table! Sometimes they walk around the dining floor so everyone can get a close up view. Its absolutely beautiful, and romantic if you're on a date :)

FOOD: So delicious. So affordable.  You'd think with the free entertainment the food prices would be much higher. No. The prices are very affordable for this experience.  $8-13 appetizers, $15-35 entrees. $7-8 glasses of wine. Bravo management for keeping it down. And Bravo chef for the delicious food! 
- Caprese salad was great to start; the balsamic was really good.
- I absolutely LOVED my cannelloni,  stuffed with ricotta cheese, spinach, and veal. Half the plate is a red marinara sauce, and the other half is creamy rich béchamel sauce. I looooooved that béchamel! 
- I also loved my date's linguine dish with white wine & garlic sauce, jumbo shrimp, and delicious large scallops. Very impressive.

Too full for dessert, but they are so adorable with celebrating birthdays and anniversaries, they bring a dessert with candle, and open the "dance floor' by your table for the couple to dance and celebrate. Its so cute. 

Victor Cafe is by far the most unique experience you will have eating Italian food in Philly. Nothing beats this, if you love opera entertainment, romantic atmosphere, and delicious food. I'd give 6 stars if I could!
Apparently this places was in the Rocky movies? They have a whole bunch of memorabilia upstairs which is pretty cool to check out. An authentic Italian place if I've ever eaten at one. The fact that they even had smelts on the menu was great. I've only had better pesto pasta in Cinque Terre, Italy, the OG of pesto. Did I mention all of the waitstaff are singers? If for nothing else get an appetizer here and listen to the music. Such a treat.
Wife and i were celebrating our 21st anniversary weekend. The first stop was Philadelphia on our way the coast. My boss has some friends in Philly so I asked him for advice on a nice dinner... he set us up at the Victor cafe. It was the perfect choice for us. Exactly what we needed to celebrate the special event.

The place is located in a great little neighborhood. And the atmosphere of restaurant was perfect. 
 
The staff not only is super polite and have a great personality... they also sing opera throughout the meal.

Our food was second to none!! Delicious!!

We both started with great Caesar salads and amazing Clams casino.

For entrees I had the  Veal Saltimbocca, and she had the Tortellini. Both were outstanding! 

If only we didnt live 8 hours away... we would dine here more often for sure!!

BONUS: In case you didnt know..... this is also the famous "Adrians" from the Rocky Balboa and Creed movies! Like the place needed to be more awesome.
Is this a "Foodie" Destination? - No if you're expecting an 8 course tasting menu filled with exotic ingredients and Molecular Gastronomy but Yes if you want delicious above average Italian dishes served in a beautiful and fun South Philly restaurant.

The converted row home has been a restaurant since 1918 and its walls are covered with old photographs of Opera performers from throughout the ages. Make a point of visiting the upstairs bar, which has "Rocky" memorabilia from the movie shoot.  (In the movie Victor's was Adrian's Café).  Sounds a little hokey - it really isn't!

A really big surprise for us was how delicious and beautifully presented our meal was.  We chose from the "Specials" and all were well above average.  We shared the Arancini, deep-fried stuffed rice balls served with a light tomato sauce, and it was a great start.  The whole Branzino was perfectly cooked and served over a bed of potatoes and vegetables.  The other special chosen was the Crab-stuffed Ravioli in a delicious white wine cream sauce. 

Every 20 minutes or so during the meal, you'll hear a bell ring and one of the servers will explain the story about the song he or she is going to sing.  Then with recorded music in the background, a short 2 to 3 minute Aria will fill the room. This is not amateur or open-mike night performances but classically trained Opera performers.  Our server (Topher) is in the chorus of the Philadelphia Opera Company.

We shared the frozen Lemon Sorbet served in a hollowed-out lemon and again it was delicious.  It being my birthday, it came to the table with a single candle followed by the entire Wait Staff who operatically sang Happy Birthday to me - slightly embarrassing but not too much!

The wine list is vast with bottles starting at a very reasonable $29 - the average being mid 30's.

So for the above, with 2 Cappuccino's, before tip, the bill came to a surprisingly low   $124.

Even if you don't like opera, you have to experience this restaurant - you won't be disappointed.
For the entertainment and atmosphere, Victor's can't be beat. However, the food sadly is not on the same par. 
The first letdown here was that our party had to wait over a half hour despite having reservations.  But once we were seated, our waitress was very lovely and attentive.  Not to mention, she had the best voice I've ever heard in my life!  
The voices that come out of these servers are awe-inspiring.  Every fifteen minutes or so one of the servers does a short performance, and they are all equally amazing.  It seems lots of people come here to celebrate, since happy birthday was sung about seven times while I was there.
Unfortunately, the food just isn't that special.  I ordered cannelloni don carlo and was very underwhelmed.  It was kinda mushy and flavorless.  My husband ordered a chicken and polenta dish and said it was disappointing also.  However,my sister ordered the filet and raved about it, and my dad ordered the caruso and was pleased as well.
All in all, if you want a romantic spot to celebrate something, Victor's is a solid option.  However, better Italian food exists elsewhere.
Incredible!-from the food to the music, to the cozy seating and atmosphere. The restaurant is as small as it appears on the website pictures, so its very warm and inviting once inside. Pictures of opera singers (and others?) from years past adorn the wall all around. The waitstaff was nice and accommodating, and were great singers to boot. We heard 4 of them sing over a 2 hour meal. The two of us had appetizers, drinks, entrees and dessert, all for $100-a bargain for the high quality of food and the entertainment.  Besides the food being incredible, the portions were not small at all-we had trouble stuffing in those last bites and even had to take some home! Valet parking is available for $10, but we quickly found a spot about a block away on the street. Dress appeared to be casual, but some were dressed up with jackets or suits. Although a romantic place for two, they were also half filled with families that had babies or childern-neither one a negative for us. A great spot for a special occasion, guests from out of town, or just dessert. Very highly recommended!! We'll be going back soon.
A trip to Victor's cafe should not be done on a whim as it is not your ordinary Italian restaurant.  It is essentially a dinner+show type of experience.  If you can't tell by now, all the waiters are opera singers and really will halt your dining experience every 15min to sing.  And it's not just not just background noise, their performances demand (and deserve) your full attention.  If you try to carry on your conversation through the performance, people WILL glare at you.  As they should, because like I said, one does not simply go to Victor's Cafe and interrupt the waiters.

Food is great, entertainment is great, decor is warm and inviting.  The waiters are not just fantastic singers, but provide excellent and friendly service.  Really this is a great 1st date idea, since a breakout performance of Ava Maria could be just what you need to break an awkward silence.
I can't say I know the food well enough to be an expert after only one visit. From my dish and my companion, it appears to be well made & tasty food. The menu is more traditional, kind of the same menu you might see in 1940, but that's ok too!  I had a dish that I haven't seen  on a menu in years, it was Pasta Caruso...sauteed chicken livers with tomatoes, mushrooms, marsala, over linguini, Enrico Caruso's favorite. Definitely old school. My companion said the tiramisu was fantastic. Wine selection broad & reasonable. Service was friendly with genuine interaction. I won't go into the 100 year history of the business, makes a nice read.

Why do I rate this restaurant so high with only one visit? Atmosphere & uniqueness. At 20 minute intervals, one of the staff will take turns singing an aria. Turns out since 1979 when they hired a nearby student of music who would burst into singing regularly, they've hired their waitstaff from the same schooland it's been a tradition. Great young people, really talented voices, and lots of personality. If you want to impress a date, spouse or business contact with something unique, here it is.

Parking, you will have to hunt a bit in the neighborhood. The neighborhood itself is safe and busy.

One thing, they CLEARLY state on the menu that when one of the staff is singing, please don't talk. It's a performance, you came for that! Sadly some people feel the national secret on their mind just can't wait 2 minutes. Knock it off!
Starting with the positives: the opera singing servers are legit opera singers. There was a very good mix of male and female singers (for some reason I was expecting older male singers, but everyone was young, which was very refreshing...until it wasn't...next paragraph). Like other reviewers have said, the food was amazing. Really fresh and delicious. The place has been there for almost 100 years, and the building has character. The upstairs lounge looked super romantic...

Unfortunately the negatives: the pictures and the profile on yelp make the place seem a lot more down to earth than it actually is. I brought my daughter and my grandmother thinking that they would love this place (our reservation was at 4:30...as soon as the dining room opened). No kids menu, which was fine. The bathrooms are at the top of a very steep stairwell. Not fine for grandmom. The staff (neither servers nor host staff) made us feel particularly welcome. This was especially highlighted when the 25 year old host asked me to "mind my daughter" as he sat a large party nearby...dude, she's sitting in my lap watching a video on mute. From that moment on, the magic of the place was gone for me. I now saw the charming opera divas as pretentious young (albeit talented) staff. But this is a restaurant -- ultimately these singers are working in the service industry. Call me old fashioned, but shouldn't the guests be treated like the star of the show?

Again, the food was really good. The singers were talented. But the service...
Dinner + entertainment = AMAZING

Been here twice already and I am definitely returning. The atmosphere is traditional and warm.

The severs are so great. Very attentive and professional. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted with a big smile. Janellie (sorry if I spelled her name wrong) was very friendly and she made sure we got to hear her sing. She was very knowledgable about the menu and able to answer all the questions we asked.

Food is delicious. Classic Italian food that taste great. I got the mussel twice already and the seafood taste fresh. Portion size are larger then I wanted but the leftover are great for the next day. The Panna cotta is to die for. Very rich and smooth.
My grandmother used to go to Victor's in the 40s, and taking her back to reminisce was a treat.  I just wish I could say the same about the food.

I've been to Victor's twice now.  The first time, the food was an afterthought--we were there to enjoy the decor, atmosphere, and of course the singing!  It was lots of fun and I didn't think too much about the food. But the second time, the atmosphere just couldn't make up for the bad food and (unfortunately) equally bad service.  I must say our waitress, though lovely, should have stuck to singing.  She forgot to bring bread, never took our menus away (they sat on the table throughout the entire meal), took 10 minutes to bring our drink order, and forgot one of the drinks.  I can't fault her for the slow service since that's probably the kitchen, but yeah, it was slow.  As a vegetarian, I had two options: mushroom ravioli (no can do, allergic to mushrooms), or plain old penne with tomatoes, cheese, and parsley/basil.  The penne was...just OK.  Nobody really enjoyed their dinner all that much, and my mom actually stopped eating halfway through because her tilapia was nasty.  I will say that the dessert saved the evening though.  Tiramisu was good, pistacio creme brulee was excellent.

Don't go here if you're just hungry--go for the experience and the atmosphere.
I ate here with a large group for a work dinner. Drink service was a little slow to start, but the speed of our courses picked up as we ordered. Do not miss dessert!

By now you've probably read over the concept of The Victor Cafe. The singing is INCREDIBLE. Our waitress was phenomenal. The performances can be a little overwhelming because of the nature of opera, however it was truly amazing to be dining amongst such talent. 

The food was very nice as well. I always try calamari wherever I go and Victor Cafe's was nice and not too heavy. The red sauce it was served with had a nice kick as well. For dinner I had a Seafood Rissoto. It came with an unnecessary large portion of rice, but I greatly appreciated the large heaps of fish and protein. 

DO NOT OVER EAT HERE. YOU MUST HAVE DESSERT. The lemon sorbet is phenomenal. I am much more of a chocolate/caramel dessert eater, but this fruit inspired dessert was so refreshing. The canoli and bread pudding were also heavenly. 

Thank you for seating us at the table where some Rocky shots were filmed, Victor Cafe!
This place is just so much fun!  My first memory of the Victor Cafe doesn't actually stem from the experience of being there:  my best friend throughout elementary school was taken there against her will by her grandparents for her birthday, and she was absolutely mortified by the fact that she received an operatic rendition of "Happy Birthday" for the whole restaurant to witness.  I always laugh when I think back to her adolescent horror, and having been there now I can picture the entire thing unfold.

Anyway, I digress.  We were seated in a cozy little corner on Friday night for a nice family dinner.  Our waiter was very pleasant, and a wonderful tenor!  The service was on the slower side; however, every 20 minutes or so, the entire restaurant pauses for one of the servers to sing an aria and there is just no way you can be bothered as it's so much fun.  I got the Caprese salad, which was absolutely delicious!  They sear the mozzarella and it all comes out meltingly warm which I've never had before (the appetizer has always been served ice cold everywhere else I've had it).  Mom and sister split the spinach salad, which they didn't love for the heavy dressing.  Dad got the Antipasto, which was a scrumptious selection of cheeses, meats, olives and peppers.  For entrees, I got the special:  gnocchi with pesto - delicious!  They have a nice selection of pasta and meat choices on the menu, and you're sure to find something you'll love. 

The only downside here would be parking - they do have valet (I think for $18), and then your typical South Philly parking.  For those of you reading this that are unfamiliar with how we do things in South Philly, basically any open space goes, whether it be in the middle of the median, on a corner, or up on the sidewalk.  We lucked out and got a free spot in a 2-hour zone which worked out perfectly.  Give yourself a little extra time if you're driving.
We had my Moms 80th birthday party here.  The servers are all highly talented opera singers.  Every 15-20 minutes one of the server/singers ring a bell and tell the background of the aria they are about to perform.  The quality of the performances is just short of the quality you would expect at The Met. Dramatic and emotive in their performances.

If the singers were all the Victor Cafe had to offer it would have been worth the trip.  The food was great and 10 picky eaters were all very pleased. Mom had the special rack of lamb cooked to a perfect medium rare & enough to feed 3 people. The various pasta dishes were wonderful as well as the fish.  Lots of doggie bags for the leftovers.

Always room for desserts- the tiramisu was light & delicious but the table favorite was the chocolate lava cake.  We didn't need doggie bags for the sweeties- they were devoured.

To quote Arnold Swartzeneger/ we will be back!
Food: 3.5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 5
Value: 4

This place is special. While you are in an historic Italian restaurant in South Philly, it isn't necessarily the food that you are here for. It is the experience of the place. That being said, the food is certainly serviceable. This place would be even higher in terms of experience if the 2 person booths weren't so unbelievably small and uncomfortable.
This place is great. I picked it based on the reviews here (wanting to inject some culture into the lives of my boyfriend and his college roomate) and found the one about the guy who likes Pearl Jam to be very helpful.

First I need to talk about the service I received before we even got there. I called on a Friday night for reservations for Saturday at 600pm. The man who answered the phone said they were booked but wasn't hanging up the phone on me. He asked for my number and said he'd call back if he could move some tables around to make room for us. I didn't think I'd here back. While at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, we got a phone call asking if 530 was okay instead of 6. We took it and it ended up working better in our itinerary anyway.

We had to drive around a bit for parking (I now can joke about trying to park in Philly - Golosa, too!). Once we got there the waitstaff was so quick and friendly. The wine came quick - which in my book means the place is alright - and the food came quickly as well. Our dishes were lasagna, chicken parm and a sea food special with risotto. Everyone loved their meals.

Finally, the best part. How can you argue with great food and free entertainment? The waiters singing opera were amazing. I was very pleased that we were able to see and hear our own waiter up there before we left.

I highly recommend this restaurant. Victor's is classy, kitschy, delicious and fun - even for guys who think the opera is for boring snobs. I would have given them four stars for the terrible parking and awkward neighborhood but the whole experience of the place was too amazing to give it any less than five.

ONE TIP: Make your reservation as early as possible!
I just love this place! I've been twice in the past 3 weeks and both times had excellent service and a great time. David and Stephen were both very good servers and crazy talented opera singers!

Both my friend and I had the arugula salad and the clams with linguine in white wine sauce.... Delicious! I didn't leave a single bite on my plate of any of it.
This would be 5 stars, if they would have diversified the menu a little in the last 10 years.

Simply speaking the music and ambiance are great, service is OK, it is friendly, but not very professional.  Cooking could be better.
Victor Cafe is a real gem...make sure when you go you have a drink upstairs in the lounge because it is quite the experience...when we got there we were greeted by Rick, the owner and he was very genuine and humble and took good care of us...the calamari was some of the best I've ever had...the food was very good too...the experience was PHENOMENAL!...every 15-20 min or so one of the staff gets up and sings operatic numbers...and they are ALL incredible...a must see stop in Philly!!!...
The menu has a good variety of Italian food and everything I tasted was very good. Food was tasty and service was great. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to have a good meal and an even better ambience to go with it. 
We ordered two meals and three appetizers for three people, it was delicious! The ice cream dessert was even better than the meal and definitely a must have!!
The whole staff is trained opera singers which was a pleasant surprise and made the feel of the restaurant all the better. It's a beautiful place and I am already excited to return.
A unique dining and entertainment experience for sure! I live very close by and have always meant to stop in. I was finally able to go last night and was not disappointed!

The restaurant is adorable and has a quaint, old school Italian feel. Although the restaurant is small, I didn't feel like I was on top of my neighbor while dining.

The food was delicious- they had a much large menu than I had expected. We started with the Caeser salad, the arugula salad, and the burrata. All were great and nice sized portions. The burrata had some delicious roasted red peppers on the side which was a nice edition to the dish. 

For entrees, we had the braciole and spaghetti, linguine and white clam sauce, and the special pasta Dino and Aeneas (shrimp, scallops in a white wine garlic sauce over linguine - wonderfully garlicky!)

The portions were nice sized, except the linguine and clams. The portion of pasta was smaller than the others and there were not very many clams. But we had apps, so we were filled up! We also split the creme brulee for dessert.

The service was really just great. We were seated right at our reservation time and the table service for food and drink was good as well. Also, I advised one of the members in our party was on crutches and they made sure to give us a table by a wall - very appreciative of that!

The opera singing was the best part of the night. We were there enough time to see all the waiters and waitresses sing at least once, and all of them were really incredible. It was a welcomed interruption and a unique experience!

Overall, we enjoyed the experience very much and would definitely come back!
The Victor Café is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Philly, and that's saying something in a city brimming with so many outstanding options! I have been here numerous times over the past ten or so years (including most recently over the weekend) with dining companions ranging from family to friend groups to dates. The Victor Café hits it out of the park every time.

The gimmick is obviously the live singing, which is incredible, but the food and service are not to be underestimated. I try to order something different every time I go, and I have never once been disappointed. Fair warning to be careful with the dishes involving long noodles in oily/buttery sauces, though . . . try as I might, I've always found it nearly impossible to consume one of those dishes without suffering at least a few small drops on whatever attire I've chosen for the evening.

I noticed for the first time over the weekend that the wine list includes a pleasantly surprising number of affordable options (low $30s into mid $40s). Although $33 for a bottle of wine is by no means "cheap," it is a decent price for an upscale restaurant. More importantly, these prices make it financially savvy to split a bottle instead of ordering separate glasses, which I find is less and less often the case in most places these days.

A few final thoughts: I have never been to the upstairs lounge, but it looks like a truly unique and inviting space that I am eager to try sometime soon. It never appears to be crowded and would be an ideal place to enjoy an after-dinner drink. I have also never been here to celebrate anything special, but on two separate occasions, the restaurant has honored couples celebrating special anniversaries (I believe one was 40 years and one was 50!) with a special song and an opportunity to dance.

Highly recommended for everyone and all occasions--celebratory or not, picky eaters or not, weekend or not, drinking booze or not, visiting from out of town or not. The Victor Café is, to me, the quintessential South Philly Italian dining experience.
We went here on a weeknight.  Everyone was really friendly as we got seated. We bought a bottle of wine and then ordered the eggplant croquettes and burratta for apps.  We were given bread and a pesto dipper complimentary and it was delicious.  The bursts was to die for.  So fresh.  Everyone like the croquettes too!

We didn't realize a show was happening as the site said Monday's.  It was nice and the folks are all so talented. We just didn't know etiquette though...do we wait to eat our warm food that was in front of us until they were done their song (and some of the songs were really long) or do we continue eating? 

For mains we got the fettuccine verdi, ravioli, tortalini and the prince Igor.  We also ordered a side of the vodka sauce.  

The fettuccine Verdi was our favorite and we mixed it with the blush sauce.  The ravioli was everyone's least favorite with too much of a Gorgonzola/blue cheese taste taking over everything.  

We also got the tiramisu and the chocolate cake.  Again, both were amazing.
Totally unique and accidental experience! After trying to get seated in a very popular Italian restaurant after a Phillies game (and finding out that we definitely needed a reservation because the next available date was three days later!), some patrons who were on their way out, directed us to two other favorite spots not far from us. We called ahead and were told that seating was available. By pure chance, we discovered that we had stumbled into a place steeped in history!

Over a hundred years ago, a young Italian immigrated to America bringing with him little more than a great love for classical music and grand opera. John DiStefano settled in Philly in 1908 and in 1918 opened his first business: a gramophone shop. This place of business became a mecca for friends and neighbors who would come and enjoy an espresso and spumoni, all while listening to newly recorded operatic arias, symphonies and popular music of the day. DiStefano's Victor dealership became a meeting place not only for opera lovers, but also a hub for friendship.

DiStefano's efforts to establish a collaboration between artists and RCA's recording studio are well illustrated by the signed photographs and operatic memorabilia that covers the Café's walls. His collection includes thousands of the family's vast collection of 78 rpm recordings, treasures of another time. 

In response to the repeal of Prohibition (1933), as well as to depressed economic times, DiStefano's purchased a beer and wine license and what had been DiStefano's Gramophone Shop morphed into what we now know as The Victor Café, "Music Lover's Rendezvous." John DiStepho turned to his sons in the latter years of his life, to continue the business. His son, Henry, eventually took over the family business. Upon Henry's death in 1986, operations remained in the hands of Henry's wife and children.

As years passed by, live performances of arias and instrumental solos, with the occasional soliloquy or poetry recital, were exclusively performed by patrons. In 1979, an opera student who was working at The Victor Café between singing engagements, performed an aria for his customers and another tradition was established. On a shelf where a staircase connects the two brownstones, which is home to the little café, there sits a bell. Every twenty minutes or so, the wait staff (waiters, waitresses, bartenders, hostesses and bus boys) take a moment between courses to ring the bell and announce an upcoming performance. The staff tells a brief story about the aria they are preparing to sing and for several minutes, the patrons all turn and listen in awe, as these professional singers  (who moonlight at the restaurant) fill the café with arias of passion, love, heartbreak and despair, through their incredible operatic performances.

*Bonus: Upstairs is adorned with movie posters and pictures of the original Rocky movie because this wonderful cafe was also the spot of "Adrian's"  (Rocky's wife) restaurant in the 2006 film 'Rocky Balboa', as well as in one of more recent franchises of the Rocky movies, entitled 'Creed'.  If you are a Rocky fan, you cannot miss this spot!

I will confess, I am not a huge fan of opera, but this intimate setting and the amazing talent of these performers, is a musical event that anyone visiting Philadelphia needs to experience. Did I mention the food and wine is outstanding? From salads, to entrees, to wine menu and dessert, the evening could not have been more perfect! I could have sworn I heard a heavy Philly dialect, calling out, "Yo! Adrian!" I highly recommend this delightful and unique cafe!
Came here after recommendation from a friend. It was easy to make a reservation on OpenTable. It is a fairly large restaurant, with multiple levels. The décor is your standard "family style Italian restaurant" flair. The wait staff are all profession opera singers and every 15-20 minutes one of them will tell you a brief synopsis of the opera they are about to sing. Themes varied, but were all love songs. There is no piano in the restaurant, but with strategically placed speakers, it sounds like the accompaniment is being played live (this was super cool, kudos). 

The menu itself is with ample choices, both vegetarian and not. I got the vegetable risotto which wasn't as creamy as I'm used to. Not sure how I feel about it, was definitely healthier but also less tasty (probably for the best). One of my friends (vegetarian) got the mushroom ravioli which had a REALLY CREAMY sauce but oh so delicious. They were generous with refilling our bread basket and the accompanying walnut pesto oil dipping sauce was flavorful. I know my fellow yelpers encourage trying the desserts, but we were too full. This is a nice place to go with friends or with a date. I'd recommend trying to get a table on the first floor so you can see the opera singer's front/face. Based on where they stand to perform, the upper floor sees mostly the singer's back.
What a nice gem in South Philly. Lets begin.

Victor Cafe offers (thank God) valet parking ($12) in one of the hardest neighborhoods in Philly to find a parking spot. Nicely done and thank you. 

Ambiance was truly awesome....upstairs.  Made a reservation for 7:45pm, arrived 45 min early and walked upstairs to a bar/sitting area. Exposed brick, wooden floors, couches and large chairs really brought the space together. I would say that the upstairs was my favorite. From a classic dirty Belevedere Martini to Allagash White, Victor Cafe offers top shelf liquor and beer at their eclectic wooden bar, reminiscent of a wedding reception, which is awesome. 

For the most important part, the singing/service/food....yes singing.

Ah yes, the beautiful art of opera. The servers are trained opera singers who have amazing voices. Every twenty (20) minutes, yes every TWENTY minutes a bell rings, it's show time. A server starts to tell the story of the song about to be performed as they get into character. If you are in conversation with your date or friend(s), forget it. Drop everything, including your cell phone (no videos)  and stare at the performance. It can be awkward, does one eat/drink during this performance? They are standing in front of you. Would it bother the performer? Eh, I'm at a resturaunt, so I'm eating and making awkward eye contact with the server as I get food all over my face. 

Service was ok. Water served constantly, I love that. If your water gets too low, the staff fill it quickly. Note: The staff are not the servers, the servers are the performers, so adding an extra to your order, or another drink can be challenging, not a deal breaker though.

Food: Decent Italian dishes. Bread served with a saucer plate of EVOO and pesto. Ordered the fried calamari with marinara, 8/10. Had the NY strip, which they stuff with gorgonzola, mushrooms and onions. Dessert was a creme brule' which didn't congeal properly and was soupy. 

Overall had a nice experience with decent food. Would definitely come back and recommend to others.
An amazing night. The entire block on both sides was lined with tables. Heater at every table, great food, opera and show tunes from the balcony, this was hands down our best dining experience during the COVID-19 crisis.
What a fun and fantastic experience! This Italian restaurant is in the middle of a residential neighborhood in South Philly, and is the perfect way to end a long day of tourism and sightseeing. Show up before your reservation (but make a reservation!) and you'll be able to have a few drinks upstairs in the lounge which is full of Rocky photos - as the restaurant as in the movie! Good drinks for reasonable prices.

Dinner downstairs was fantastic. For appetizers, my family had the burrata and the pear and prosciutto salad (a special) - both fantastic ways to start the meal. For the entree, I had the calamari fra diavolo. I will say that the calamari could've been more tender, but other than that, a fantastic meal. The beautiful singing done by the staff every 20 minutes made the meal truly memorable - this will be somewhere I visit again during my time in Philly.
We LOVED The Victor Cafe. The food, the opera, the concept-everything but the service. Our waitress clearly felt that being a food server was beneath her.

The ambiance upon entering was "everyone here knows you" and so cozy! 

We were quickly seated and started with the fried calamari (or fried smelts) with a side of spicy marinara and the eggplant croquettes. The waitress recommended the croquettes and said, "I promise you will LOVE them."  When she arrived back to our table and asked me about them, I politely told her they weren't my favorite. It seemed like she took my honesty as a personal affront and her whole demeanor changed. For the ENTIRE dinner. 

We ordered the ravioli filled with porcini mushrooms in gorgonzola cream with tomatoes and toasted walnuts and the pork chop pan seared with onions and apples in butter wine compote with apricot brandy over garlic mashed potatoes. Oh my goodness! Both dishes were out-of-this-world! So good! Our drinks went unfilled but she did collect our used dishes (without so much of a word). We flagged her down eventually to order dessert (which was also fabulous!).

The singing was enjoyable and unique; we loved the concept entirely. I'm sorry that the entire experience wasn't 5-star worthy.
5 stars for the ambience, opera singing, and service. 3 stars for the food itself. 
It was a great experience to be in a restaurant that had a lot of character and liveliness. I love how there is a bar upstairs and you can relax in the lounge until your table is ready. 
Food review: It was average Italian food. The pesto olive oil dipping sauce for the bread was delicious and good quality. The bread was unfortunately cold. We ordered the calamari, fried perfectly, but lacked seasoning. I ordered the Prince Igor which is penne pasta with salmon, asparagus and vodka sauce topped with caviar. The dish lacked the fresh bright taste. Tasted like an average penne with vodka sauce dish. My friend ordered the lamb bolognese topped with a ricotta cream. She wasn't impressed.
We had the chocolate cake for dessert. Now that was definitely worth it! It had a perfect molten center and the cake itself was light and airy. I enjoyed the gelato with it as well.
Service and opera: Every 15-20 minutes, a member of the staff will sing opera for a couple minutes. They are all very talented! This is a great place to have a birthday if you want to be sung to. Service was great as well- from the moment you enter and are greeted by the friendly host to when you leave.
OMG!! This place is freaking awesome!!! LOL!!! We came in for a birthday celebration early and they accommodated is within 15 minutes. Besides that, the waiters and waitresses stop every 20 minutes and give a bio of an opera and then perform it. The talent in this place is amazing. 

Now, the food was amazing! The pesto that can't with the bread was so fresh and super fantastic. We are not a family that gets extra bread, but tonight we did! We had the burrata salad and that was amazing. The burrata was creamy and the red pepper salad with garlic bread slices was the perfect accompaniment. I ordered the fish of the day. On this specific visit, the fish was a salmon in a dill cream sauce with a tomato, cucumber, and avocado salad. It was amazing. I could have finished it, but stopped myself halfway. Others ordered fruiti de mar and mussels. They were great too. When going out with the family, we never get dessert, but tonight we did and it did not disappoint. We had the bread pudding. It was great on its own, but when vanilla ice cream was added the bread pudding became fantastic!! Can't wait to come back!!
Six friends came for a birthday dinner. 
The food was good, the opera singers were great but the service was bad and unprofessional. 

We were seated outside and told by the hostess, it's a good table, she lied, we couldn't see anything. Pretty pathetic. 

When we told the waitress we don't desert, she brought the check and slammed on the  table and was rude until the end. It

 Very bad experience.
Dinner and a show, and a unique experience! We finally got to check out the famous singing restaurant, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food, service, and the performances. The staff are very into it and their voices carry well throughout the place. The restaurant has an Italian-American-esque feel to the decor but I really enjoy how light comes in through the one skylight.

The food itself I think is average, but very reasonably priced and therefore a good value. We had a few appetizers and seafood pasta dishes. The best dish we had at our table is the whole Branzino fish. It's a bit more work to pick through the bones, but the flavor of a whole fish is so much better than a filet from a fish.

Valet parking is offered, but we had no problem finding a spot on Broad Street (then a short walk to the restaurant).
This place is a hidden gem in South Philly! It was quite the unique dining experience as all the waitstaff are professional opera singers and they serenade their guests every 20-30 minutes. There's a balcony where they perform so make sure you get a good seat! The ambiance is excellent. This is probably the most romantic setting I've been to (especially the upstairs). 

Food on the other hand, was not so great but the live performances and ambiance made up for that. We started with the Burrata as an appetizer and that was pretty delicious. It was similar to bruschetta but instead of tomatoes, it had red peppers. Most of their menu tries to be different and I don't think it works in their favor. For example, the penne alla vodka came with salmon and asparagus. The penne was good but the sauce didn't pair well with the salmon. I also ordered the Tosca which was chicken breast stuffed with fontina cheese and prosciutto over polenta. The polenta reminded me of mashed potatoes and I probably would've preferred that. The chicken was cooked well and was flavorful but it was a very heavy dish. The portions are also huge which I usually don't mind but for a place like this, I would've preferred smaller dishes. 

I would definitely come back to dine here just for the ambiance and opera singers but I'll be trying different items on their menu.
Ok, so I'm a bit late posting this but better late than never. 

We came here because of the movie Rocky and let me tell you, it was definitely worth it. We made reservations for two around 6:45 so not too bad. 

Covid precautions are top notch, it's the only place that took my temp and I'm totally okay with that. 

You have a 90 minute window at the restaurant and it was totally doable. 

I love the atmosphere, it was super cozy and comfy. The servers were all nice and In case you didn't know, all of them are professional opera singers!!! Like wow! They sing every 30 mins, I believe, you just can't record. Let me tell you, they are all great! 

The cocktails were delicious, the food was great and totally worth the price, the app was also savory. We went on Easter and they had some very good specials. 

Also, If you go upstairs you can take pics of good ole Rocky. Lol! 

Overall, I'd say they are 5/5 for sure! If you're in the area, I'd definitely stop by.
From the moment I entered this restaurant until the time I left, I was enthralled. The decor was authentic old school. This restaurant was actually in Creed as Adrian's Restaurant which Rocky Balboa opened to pay homage to his wife.

The staff was warm & inviting The staff was knowledgeable about the menu & gave ample suggestions regarding specialties.  To begin the night we had muscles in a red sauce. The muscles were tender with a succulent & flavorful sauce. The entree I had was an old favorite... chicken parmesan.  This dish was phenomenal! 

This place must go on tour list of must try places for authentic Italian cuisine
Lovely unique spot with opera singing over dinner! I've personally lived in Philly for almost 7 years and hadn't heard of the Victor Cafe until recently. So imo, it's somewhat of a hidden gem, with its opera performance by the servers every 20 minutes or so. 

The performances are enchanting, and the spacing of the performances between the meal makes the experience all the more enjoyable. It feels extra special when you get to see your own server sing in between too. I'm not an opera fan by any means, and if anything, this was the perfect way to appreciate and savor it without going to a full opera performance. I was definitely very wowed the whole evening. 

The ambiance adds to the whole experience - charming yet cozy, romantic, historic, and authentic. They have lots of small tables, but also larger spaces too if you have a bigger group. What adds even more to its charm is how unassuming it looks from the street outside; little would you know looking in from the outside about what a warm and lovely experience it held on the inside. The food was pretty yummy all around too!

Definitely would encourage a visit to the Victor Cafe for any special occasion, especially to bring family or a significant other!
Open Tablers beware.  I booked a reservation for 6:45 on 3/19/2016 only to arrive there at 6:30 and find out my reservation was moved to 8:15.  They tried to imply it was my mistake.  Sure enough open table now listed My reservation at 8:15.  We weren't about to wait at the bar for an hour or so waiting for the table so we left to eat somewhere else.  As I looked through my open table emails, I verified I made the reservation for 6:45 and that there were no emailed changes made.  Someone at Victor Cafe seems to have changed my open table reservation time.  Very disappointing experience.
Also known as Adrian's in the movies Rocky Balboa and Creed, Victor cafe is a unique Italian restaurant in which the staff serenades the dining room with opera throughout the night.

Victor cafe is over 100 years old so the walls are completely covered with pictures of famous people who have stopped by throughout the years. The place has a nice intimate feel and serves very good old school Italian food. The bread that is brought to the table is just average, but things get better from there. The calamari is perfectly cooked. The pork chop was nice and thick, although slightly overcooked. The seafood pasta was excellent, with fresh pasta, shrimp and scallops. The salad and mashed potatoes are good sides. The tiramisu is a nice way to end the night.

The staff is friendly and they sing very well. They really get into their performances. They aren't just going through the motions. It's easy to see why this restaurant had been around for so long.
It's been many years, yet still sticks with me as a memorable dining experience. The checkered tablecloths, the beautiful live opera (Sung by opera students), and the Victor dog above the front door. They did not provide the best Italian food I've ever had, yet it was very good. The wine list was as extensive as a photo album, which they placed on the table. It's a classic experience that the BF and I will venture on our east coast tour this fall.
My husband and I stopped here for a drink to kill time until our dinner reservation at another restaurant in the city. The atmosphere was so wonderful that we canceled our reservation at the other restaurant and stayed to eat. Not only were they wonderful enough to seat us in without a reservation, even though the house was pretty full, but the meals, service, and entertainment were top notch! Even though we live about an hour away, we absolutely plan on making more trips to the city just for romantic evenings, delicious food, and great atmosphere. We would highly recommend this lovely experience to any and everyone!
Took my best friend here for her birthday and was so glad that I did. I had been hearing about this place ever since I moved to Philadelphia but never had the chance to try it. People rave about the food and although I found it to be impressive for the most part it was by no means the best Italian that I have had - - - BUT - - - the SINGING! I was so blown away by the talent of our waitstaff and such a lesson in not judging a book by its cover. All of the servers who work here are so gifted and performed so beautifully during the evening. It was just the right amount of singing too so that we were still able to catch up with the couple that we were dining with. I prefer the main dining room to the side room so something to consider when making a rezzie and if it is your birthday they will sing to you in an operatic serenade! Overall AWESOME. Thank you Victor Cafe.
South Philly is one of the coolest neighborhoods on the East Coast. The row houses, the old school Italian vibe, the complete lack of pretentiousness, and a wonderful little restaurant called Victor Cafe.

Without a doubt some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Perfect portion sizes with the pasta cooked just right and the sauces full of bold flavors. I'm no expert on fine Italian dining, but I do know that all our meals were wonderful. 

Before we came my sister told us that the waiters and waitresses also sing opera throughout the meal. Now I know this sounds sort of corny (I thought it was absurd when she explained it to me) but Victor pulls it off without awkwardness or the sense of needing to giggle or anything like that. And WOW. These men and women have powerful voices. 

The dinning area is small and the tables packed close together, but not so close that you feel that you are sitting in other party's laps. But I do recommend calling ahead and making a reservation so you don't end up waiting. 

The bill for four of us ended up being $125 with alcohol, so not too bad for a semi-fine dining experience.
My husband and I came to Philadelphia for the weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary and a coworker recommended Victor Cafe as a place for dinner. He said it was low key and casual and Yelp also said it was casual. I think we have different ideas of casual. Do not come here dressed in jeans and a t shirt or you will get stared at by the other patrons! Luckily, I was dressed nicely, but my husband stuck out like a sore thumb and felt like all eyes were on him the entire time. I don't think anyone was looking at him, but he begs to differ.

Anyway, besides that, the service and food are good and the singing is phenomenal. I am not an expert on opera by any means, but these voices are just out of the world. The singing occurs pretty frequently, but it doesn't interfere with your meal at all and it is very beautiful. This is a great place for a date night, just don't come in your gym attire.
What a great way to celebrate your birthday! The food is awesome and the singers are excellent! Very romantic. The steaks are well cooked.
This food is OK, but the atmosphere and opera-singing staff make this place amazing. Whenever we have out-of-town visitors, this place always mesmerizes. The upstairs waiting area/bar is really nice and cozy. We almost didnt want to get seated because we were enjoying the bar and ambiance of the second floor. The servers are so nice and accommodating. When our server broke into an opera piece, we were star struck. The singers on staff are truly impressive. This place is literally dinner and a show. Regarding the food, all of the salads and cheese appetizers are great. The burrata is delicious. The mussels appetizer is good. For dinner, anything with the sausage is good. The whole bronzino is great.  I would steer away from the risotto. Some of the pasta dishes leave more to be desired. But, overall this place is a Philly gem.
About a year ago, my fiance got locked out of the house. We live around the corner from this place and he was hungry so he went and waited for me there. When i got home to let him in, he had a take-out container of lasagna for me. I am not a huge lasagna lover, so i wasn't excited or happy to sit down and eat this meal. It was love at first bite. This was the best italian dish i had ever eaten. EVER. I gave my fiance a bite, and he agreed, and he wanted more. So I waited until he left the room and i polished off the entire container without any sense of guilt. I wanted it all. I can only give it 4 stars since I haven't gone to the restaurant for dinner, but I have been meaning to. My goal is to have dinner here before 2011.
New Years Eve, early dinner in South Philly what more could you ask for? How about Valet parking, they got it. Great staff and Cool decor, they got it. Amazing talented Opera singers, they got it. Great food, with out a doubt. If you never Been to Victor Cafe get there. All of the wait staff are trained Opera singers and they belt out some of the most beautiful Italian opera you will ever hear. The place is covered in black and white pictures of opera singers, with the red and white checkered table clothes, true Italian ambiance. Our waitress Lilly "from South Philly" was exceptional. She was on point for our dinner needs, and the most animated and best singer in the house. We heard 5 different wait staff sing in the hour and half dinner.Truly Amazing. Now to the Food. Italian Wedding and Lobster bisque to start, calamari and portobello mushroom stack with eggplant appetizers. Simply outstanding. Main Course- Gnocchi in a cream sauce and sage, and I had veal saltimbocca wrapped in prosciutto over risotto.The food was exquisite. Dessert- creme' brulee and cannoli, they just sealed the deal. Victor Cafe and Lilly,
Thank you for and amazing dinner to bring in the New Year.
The food/food value merits only a three, but the old-world ambience and opera-singing waiters easily bump it up to a four. After all, a meal in a restaurant is more than just the experience of the food itself. My entree was stereotypical white cream sauce Italian pasta with seafood. I had the clams casino appetizer, primarily because I'd never had a chance to order clams casino before. They were ok ... sort of like a baked oyster dish from New Orleans. But baked oysters are much better than at least these clams casino were. Our waiter sang opera well, but wasn't really very nice to us. Maybe because we weren't locals?
The performances are captivating. Admittedly, I have never attended the opera (my attention span would prevent me from appreciating the mastery). However, the 5-8 minute renditions are spectacular, regardless of your taste in the genre.

Our server chatted with us after her performance, mentioning that all the wait staff are either students or part-time performers. The Victor's management is apparently very accommodating to their employees with work schedules, which was nice to hear.

The food (classic Italian fare with rotating daily specials) is very good too. This is definitely a spot to take friends or family visiting in from out of town.
This place is amazing! I've always known the place for great Italian food was in South Philly, so I knew the food would be good. I didn't know what to expect with the singing waiters, and the fact it was in the Rocky Balboa movie, but I was so pleasantly surprised and delighted. My boyfriend and I dined here for our Valentine's Day dinner (a day early), and everything from beginning to end was memorable. Nothing was ever cheesy. In fact, the last song we heard actually made me cry. I've never attended the opera, but this small taste of it was so breathtaking and romantic. 

The food was equally great. We shared clams casino and the antipasto platter--both delicious. The clams weren't drowning in oil, and they were perfectly cooked. I had the linguine with calamari fra diavolo--it was spicy and flavorful and tender and just the right amount. He had a filet, also cooked to perfection. The wine prices were affordable, and the cannoli was the perfect ending. 

As the host poured our wine, she informed us we were sitting beneath a photo of her great-grandparents wedding. All the more magical. My only negative is that the comfortable, cushy lounge upstairs was not open--but we will definitely be back.

Great job! We loved it!!! Thanks so much!
wow. no other place like this...wordwide. my grandfather lived in philly in the 1940's when he was in the navy and used to come to this cafe. He travels back to philly on occasion just to go here! the most unique thing about it is that all of the waitresses and waitors are beautiful opera singers!!! they ring a bell every so often to get the attention of the diners and sing for them!!! its very good. they are also very friendly, as they had to listen to my grandfathers stories of a time "before they were born". fancy food. beautiful lounge upstairs...dont miss it!!
I truly remember very little about the dishes I had at Victor Cafe. They were well-prepared, but average. I ordered a glass of white wine and some veal over pasta. The seating was pretty cramped and my SO and I were seated at a two-person table in the middle of the room. 

But once the waiters began singing beautiful arias, I did not really care what I was eating. It was so wonderful to hear men and women sharing their operatic talents with everyone. Completely enchanting and romantic. There were a variety of voices and one more musical-theater-type guy who sang "Imagine" for a couple's anniversary. I had a wonderful evening at Victor Cafe and really don't mind that the food is not mind-blowing. I do wish I hadn't had my back to the singers for most of the meal, but they moved around during the evening. A little overpriced, but totally worth it for the lovely music.
Opera + great food + excellent service + post-prohibition history = 5 stars!!
This restaurant is something unique. Let's start with opera. Most servers will perform at least once during your time there, so you get a great variety of performances - women, men, duos, French, Italian, etc. Our waiter, David, performed an exceptionally emotional duo performance. He was also a great waiter and seemingly great guy. He managed our girls night silliness with fun, poise and professionalism.
Food was DELICIOUS! We all got pasta and we were all very happy. I got the ravioli - you can't go wrong with that. I also tasted the tortellini. Salads are big and shareable. Dessert was tasty - both were great the chocolate cake and tiramisu.
Noise level was great. Other tables seemed very friendly - a nice crowd overall.
This restaurant is unique and gives Philly some creative flair. Go and keep John DiStefano's post-Prohibition 1933 dream of food and music alive!
Mobster pasta, yes!  Opera, yes!

If I were a gambling man, I'd say at least one person was shot here during the hard mafia days, I can feel it eminating from the floorboards!  The atmosphere is very cozy and great for a date night.  Worn photos and decadent art litters the walls.  You're greeted with that old building scent mixed with pasta sauce.

The servers are very friendly and, they're all opera singers.  That's right, every 20 minutes or so they will jangle a bell and sing an aria for you.  They do it free of charge but I'm sure the restaurant is tacking it on to the food price, which is high.  Regardless, the food typically takes a while to come out but it has been perfect for me every time.  I especially love the Diablo pasta, it is very spicy and the seafood is cooked just right.  

There are 2 reasons I give this place 4 stars instead of 5.  It IS expensive and I typically have to take a cab there.  Yes, I could walk, but you have to go through a few sketchy spots to get to a sketchy spot... not sure if I want to do that at night and parking isn't great around there.  Apart from that, I do enjoy it!
I always walk past the Victor Cafe, occasionally passing by when a singer comes out on the Juliet balcony. Victor Cafe has really transformed their outdoor space during COVID, and I think it is one of the best in the city when the weather is nice out. They make the most of their sidewalk space (solid deck and love the string lights).

Had a great experience when I finally got to try it. Food was good, prices fair for a fancy dinner. They even made my husband a cocktail that was no longer on their menu (he wanted to try something with chartreuse) since they still had the liquor.

Mad props to the waiters and waitresses. They take turns to sing every 15-20 mins, and they're all pretty impressive. Must try if opera is your thing but still very enjoyable even if it's not. It's great live entertainment during dinner!
