Call my crazy, but I don't rate a place based on who hangs out there. Hating hipsters has become trendier than hipsters themselves. I guess I don't go here at hipster'o'clock, because it seems to attract all ages. College kids, the elderly and everything in between.

I drink a lot of coffee and I consider Green Line's coffee to be above average. What really keeps me coming back is their selection of vegan food. Vegan chicken salad, 'The Steve,' and the Sweet Potato Burrito... all delicious! I can't ever resist grabbing a pack of vegan cookies, which are quite tasty. My boyfriend hates coffee, but their large selection of teas appeals to him. Friendly staff!

My only complaint-- Dear Owner, get these guys a better sandwich-heater-upper! ASAP! It shouldn't take 10-15 minutes to warm pre-made food. This deters me from grabbing a burrito for breakfast on my way to work.
Let's get one thing straight: This is the hipster mothership.  

Now, let me clear the air.  It's not that I don't like hipsters.  I mean, some of my best friends are hipsters, etc. etc.  But Green Line is just ridiculous. It's where hipsters send their hipster friends that they're too embarrassed to hang out with because of how effin' hipster they are. The too-hipster-to-hang-out-with-other-hipsters-hipsters come here, meet other too-hipster-to-be-a-hipster-hipsters, drink lousy coffee, ride their homemade bikes home, and make little environmentally-friendly hipster babies.

So. Hipsters. Just so long as we're clear.

Clientele aside, there are a host of things that annoy me about Green Line.  First and foremost, the coffee is lousy.  It's a weird combination of burned- and watery-tasting that just isn't good.  At a coffee shop, this is a deal breaker.  Second issue, and this is a personal pet peeve, is the bagel situation. When you order a bagel with cream cheese, you receive a (barely toasted) Lenders-esque bagel, a pod of cream cheese, and a knife.  IMHO, to be a good cafe, your cream cheese should come out of a vat. Less wasted plastic pods, more cream cheese on my bagel, minimal extra work for baristas. Third issue. Cash only, and their ATM is often broken. Taking credit cards is *not that hard,* people.

A few things in their favor (?) include vegan baked goods, expensive prepackaged Vietnamese hoagies, and gluten-free stuff. It's great if you're into that kind of thing.
yay for a new Green Line!  Big, airy, bright, with indoor and outdoor tables.  And wifi!  My only issue here is that there are literally 2 outlets for, oh, 15 or so tables.  Seems like this would be a high priority for a coffee shop opening this far into the 21st century.  So charge up before you go, or you may be left on the side of the information superhighway (note retro-hip terminology).

do note that this is on the corner of 45th and Locust, not 43rd.
I think that Green Line largely succeeds in the absence of serious competition. If an Ultimo, Elixr, Shot Tower, or Bodhi were within 3 miles of it, Green Line would be in trouble. The space is good enough, which does compensate a little for the fact that I've never had a great cup of coffee there, or even a good one.

Probably the best sign that Green Line doesn't have to try to do anything particularly well in order to make enough money to keep three locations open is that they don't hesitate to close a half hour or more in advance of their posted close time. If you kick ten customers out of your store half an hour before you said you would, it means you don't really think you need those particular customers. 

So while Green Line is an improvement on the old computer repair shop that filled the space a number of years ago, it's not really a coffee shop that you can ever recommend with enthusiasm to anyone.
Technically it's no longer The Other Green Line, but I guess that it's one of those names you can't escape once you decide to use it. The Other Green Line was the cafe that they closed down in favor of renovating another bigger spot, and calling it something like "That Other The Other Green Line" would be pretty damn confusing (and would ironically be something that I would probably do).

Now they just call it Green Line Cafe which is equally similar to the other two and pretty plain. But you realize how significantly different it is the moment you bask in it's hugeness and check out a show. 

Just Clarifying -

The Not So Other McThrill
I want to like the other green line.  It's on my block!  It's got a nice atmosphere!  The coffee is good!  The bagels are good!  But my experiences there have been awkward at best.

The last time I was in, my (then) boyfriend got cursed out by a middle-aged british dude who didn't like his T-shirt.  Even before that incident, I felt weirded out by the judging eyes of the hipsters at every table--and it takes a lot to make a girl with an orange mohawk feel out of place.  The tables are far too small for two people, and the chairs are ridiculously uncomfortable.  Everyone brings a laptop, but there aren't enough power outlets - the charge you get from the coffee will outlast that of your battery.  

But there's something about this place that makes me want to come back.  Maybe it's the colorful paper lanterns in the window and the young, funky vibe.  Maybe it's knowing that there are some cool people (like the bald vegan radical feminist who assured us that the british dude was just being an asshole)  in there among all the condescending wannabe art-school hipsters and the lonely social outcasts who have nothing better to do than hang out in coffeeshops and sneer at you to make themselves feel better.  

I doubt I'll be back in the other green line before they open their new (and thankfully, larger!) location on 46th and locust, but if I give in to my curiosity, I'm going solo - I can handle the scrutiny, but it's not fair to subject anyone else to the kind of experience I last had there.
All right, Other Green Line.  I like you.  I've stopped in a couple of times since you relocated, and I am pleased.  Your coffee is excellent, your seats are much more comfortable than the old ones, your patrons are mostly cool (though there is an extremely loud couple sitting across from me as I type this), and your location is totally badass.  I love the giant windows (though all this people-watching is not conducive to working - which was the whole reason I came here) and I love your fresh coat of paint.  The absence of a British man cursing my friends out over their choice of t-shirts is also a plus.  Keep that dude away, plz, and clean your bathroom a little more and I'll up you to five stars.
The new and improved other green line (45th & Locust) makes me hopeful. The space is bigger, brighter, cleaner. The staff is friendly, though I did have to teach a barista how to make an Italian soda, which is on the menu. And I'm glad it's such a pleasant place to hang out, because my coffee is always too hot to drink right away. These minor negatives aside, once the wi-fi is working, I think I'll find myself spending a lot of time here, and I'm amused that I've never come in without running into someone I know. Hi roommates, I'm glad we all love green line!
Coffee and music are two of my favorite things, so when you combine the two I'm singing in perfect harmony. That's why I was doubly happy to here that Green Life was opening a new cafe on Locust, and That Sherman Arts was going to start booking shows there exclusively.

I've been hearing about the new cafe since a couple months before it's inception and finally stopped in to check it out on Monday. So far so good. It worked out all of the kinks that it's previous spot on Locust used to have, and kept all of the good stuff. The old cafe used to get cramped and packed in rather quickly. But this spot has outdoor seating, church pews to sit on, and plenty of wide open space. In a way it felt a little too wide open, so maybe they could get a few more tables in. But it's still a great spot to get some work done on your laptop while chowing down lon a vegan chicken salad sandwich.

Rich Wexler and Sherman Arts has been putting on some amazing shows all around Philly for years. You might have seen some previous events at The Rotunca, and The Trocadero, or while helping out with events like Best Fest in Clark Park. So the fact that it's putting a lot of that behind them in order to focus exclusively on bringing shows to the Green Line really says something. and it should hopefully bring in a lot of acts who haven't previously playing in The West Philly scene.
Generally enjoy the product, vibe and friendly staff...except for one rude employee with dark long hair. He always makes me uncomfortable and unwelcomed. This has been a constant since moving to the area a couple months ago. I think today's interaction was most unpleasant when he saw that I didn't tip him and said "thanks I appreciate that!" really sarcastically. He did the same thing to my friend. 

A note for him: I will not tip you when you continuously treat customers like garbage. Simple as that. I have the choice to spend my money how I want and I don't think ringing me up at the register should require a tip. He didn't even pour the coffee! Coming from someone who works in the food service as well, I understand the frustrations, but I'll be damned if I make a customer feel like that when they don't tip. I really want to support this place but he's making it harder and harder with every interaction.
Coffee's alright, but nothing to write home about. The sandwiches are pretty great, though. I don't know why everyone seems to complain about the hipsters. This is a coffeeshop in the heart of West Philadelphia, what do you expect? I've always found the service to be average. 

This place, however, has the worst wifi. It could be a lot of problems, but mainly I think it's that they won't get a decent, business-sized router, and won't buy enough bandwidth to really make it conducive to more than 3 people on the internet at once. When you ask the barista about the problem, all they can do is say, "uhhhhh, all I can do is reset the router." What a shame/sham.
I love this little coffee shop! They have vegan nomz as well as other options for meat eaters in the sandwich department. 

The space is open and clean and seems like a great place to grab a table to study or just hang out. 

Outdoor seating for pups is always a plus as well! Friendly staff, coffee is great and food is delightful. 

A+!!!
You know the holidays are in full swing when even the staff at Green Line is cheery!! I think my bagel and coffee even tasted better! 
In all seriousness though my past few trips here have been a delight.
The thin taller guy behind the counter is so sweet, always says hello enthusiastically and waits on people right away. This place has always had one of my favorite cups of coffee in town , and now with the morale and friendliness on the rise, I'm even happier to call this my neighborhood spot. Go Green Line!
OMG vietnamese hoagies. Heaven. Perfect for hangovers.
French Toast Bagel was good, coffee good.  These earn the 2 stars.

Do not rely on this place to get work done.  Totally unreliable wifi, even when they try to reset the modem.  

Absolutely not worth going to if you need an internet connection.  It's happened almost every time I've been there.
I would give Green Line on Locust about 2.5 stars.  I've been to a lot of coffee shops around town, and this one irks me.

I studied here on several occasions over the summer.  Their flavored iced tea is good and I'm sure the other snacks are as well but they are generally overpriced.  

They're eager to kick  you out at closing time...I'm not even sure if that's when they're supposed to close, but when it's time to go, they let you know.

I've had issues with the Wifi.  Very annoying when working on a research project while listening to Spotify!

It just doesn't seem like a friendly place.  Grab and go yes, but stay for awhile?  I'll pass...
I don't understand all the buzz about the Green Line. The hot coffee always tastes burnt, and everything is way overpriced, especially the iced coffee.
I used to live by the Green Line on Balti and now live two blocks from this one.  I drink coffee every day of my life.  

However, I never find a reason to justify going here, to either of them.  There is nothing cozy about it and I really think that they should be going for such a vibe.  Tables are also pretty sparse for such a large space, which also results in an emptiness that saddens me, as if I were in a warehouse.  I feel as if the entire interior could disappear overnight with the wind.

The coffee... not great.  Small portions for the price.  I feel as if I must force down the mochas and chai lattes.  

They have some novel vegan options, which is a credit to their politics and culture (and earns an extra star), but that only takes them so far in earning my allegiance.  I also need a good product.
The Other Green Line has since relocated to the southeast corner of 45th & Locust.  Basically, the new location covers all the cons from the previous location: there is plenty of light streaming through the huge windows, lots and lots of space that will aim to accomodate for Green Line shows, and the return of outdoor seating!  You won't be quite as awkwardly privy to everyone's conversations anymore.  And, get this: there are more outlets for yr laptops.  Hallelujah.

The space itself is simple, but gorgeous, and the selection of coffee drinks, bagels, pastries, and sandwiches remains the same as it ever was.  Which is great.

What a great addition to the corner.  I expect lots of lazy hanging out to occur here.
I never really saw myself as having a "favorite coffee shop" or identifying so strongly with a cafe.... until I started coming into this Green Line location.

The staff has always been incredibly helpful, friendly, funny, and nice.  The drinks are good and fairly priced.  The food is great (I stick mostly with bagels and the occasional muffin.) 

My favorite menu item is the multigrain bagel - it's nutty, flavorful, and so delicious.  I look forward to ordering it every chance I get. 

Yes, the tables are ultra wobbly (you are likely to spill your hot coffee.) Yes, it can get a bit crowded at the counter while the barista makes drinks.  Yes, people seem to park here for a few hours.  But, having said all of that - it feels like a cozy, inviting, and relaxing place to spend a quiet Saturday morning.

(I'm aware I sound a little bizarre praising a cafe, but I love it so much and I'm so happy that it's a ~30 second walk from my apartment.)
I had the pleasure of The Green Line Cafe on 45th street today and I am now a fan! The space is totally set up for events and the music is eclectic as well as the clientele. Today, I had the French Toast Bagel with Cream Cheese. Nothing special about, but good nonetheless. They also have a variety of vegan delights which has become the standard these days. "I'll take the Blue Line to The Green Line anytime"!!! Hey, that should be there marketing campaign!!! Remember, you heard it here first!!
This is one of my favorite coffee shops in any town in America. I'm only visiting for a week and I've already been here three times and plan to return as much as possible before heading home. Their sweet potato vegan burrito is delicious, their tea selection is excellent (try Mayan chai), staff is friendly, coffee is great, and the clientele are some of the most intelligent, artistic people I've ever had the pleasure to eavesdrop on. I've gotten so much work done here I even considered moving to Philly for a hot second. This place has rosewater pistachio donuts. Who are these people giving three stars? smh
Pro-tip: (a) when a customer asks you for a receipt, you do not roll your eyes; (b) you do not snap at them that your printing machine is broken and wave them away; (c) you do not continue snapping at them when they politely explain they need a receipt for reimbursement purposes; (d) you do not make them write out a receipt for themselves by hand; (e) you do not yell prices at them in an angry tone as they continue to be polite WHILE THEY ARE WRITING OUT A RECEIPT FOR THEMSELVES BECAUSE YOU CAN'T BE BOTHERED; (f) you give them their change; (g) you heat up their goddamn food when they ask; (h) you give them the correct tea they asked for. Seriously, you have one job to do. If you can't be bothered with basic people skills, maybe consider an alternate job?
Going to this place is kindof like going to a noisy library: rows of people on laptops studying their asses off. Not really too inviting, but what can you do. Plus, the wifi often has issues there, and I swear it's impossible to sit near an electrical outlet unless you grab a pew on the wall.

Plus, their coffee is actually pretty bad, especially compared to the stuff they brew at Kaffa Crossing and Cafe Clave nearby. Tastes like starbucks. Their sandwiches are also usually very bland and in general all of the food they sell is overpriced unless you by the day-old baked goods.

The artwork on sale is always pretty cool, though, and I like their wide selection of loose teas: bagged in-house and good for free hot water refills.  Ultimately I gave this 3 stars because it's a solid place, and nothing more, despite it's vaguely hipster vibe.
I went there this morning for a small African Elixar tea.... Bad experience ...The male cashier barely wanted to serve me ...Then says to go right ? .... The other female cashier took over my order and was just as rude... I was given the tea bag and hot water with no lid... I left wandering what did I do to deserve such vile treatment ....exist... The customer in front of me sadly looked back at me ...like damn why are they being soo rude to her... I would never go back there ...I should've stuck with my first choice Starbucks ...where no matter what you look like you are not treated differently from other customers ....negative independent coffee shop experience...on a positive note the tea was ok...
Neighborhood feel coffee shop full of hipsters and grad students. Lots of good snack options (tried the blueberry donut and want to try the potato salad) with reasonably priced coffee beverages. We went with the cafe au lait and loved it! Free wifi as well. 

If you want to get away from the students / university city, this is the coffee shop to go to. Quiet, somewhat hidden, but also upbeat with light music and locals enjoying coffee on weekends.
The Green Line on Locust is a nice, big space with a strong internet connection and plenty of outlets for your laptop.  It's a good place to sit and mooch internet all day.  

Cafe-wise, though, it's mediocre.  There's not a big selection of food, and none of it is made fresh and on-site-- they just sell pre-wrapped little sandwiches and cookies and such.  The Vietnamese hoagies are decent, but not very filling.  

Most importantly, the coffee is bad.  Bad coffee at a cafe is a dealbreaker for me.  Also they tend to keep the little carton of soy milk sitting out on the counter all day instead of refrigerating it, so it usually has a funny taste.  

They do have a large selection of loose teas, which they keep in big canisters behind the counter and scoop out for you into a homemade tea-bag thing when you order a cup.  They put a lot of tea in there, so you can get a free refill of hot water and have a very flavorful second cup. 

In fact, if they marketed themselves as a tea place and didn't sell coffee at all, I'd probably give them 3 or 4 stars.  But there's no excuse for selling very bad coffee and or spoiling your soy milk.  I also find the guy who works there on weekdays to be very irritating.  He's spacey at best.  The service there is pretty dismal in general.
To paraphrase other reviewers, this place is the epitome of cafe mediocrity. A definitive example of their averageness? I once ordered a hot chocolate, and when it was served to me, it was luke warm with little unmixed balls of cocoa powder still floating in it. I live in the area, and I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would patronize this establishment when they have both Earth Cup and Cafe Clave right around the corner. The former has better tasting coffee by %1,000, and the latter's atmosphere puts the Green Line's to shame.
Typical coffee shop, within walking distance of my house. 

Good: Pretty large tea selection (not just coffee, which not all shops care about), lots of seating, the staff doesn't care if you spend all day hanging out with your laptop.  They also have outdoor seating, which is great when the weather lets you use it.

Bad: It's a bit dark inside for my taste, and they close much earlier than the Green Line on Baltimore.  Also I've never tried the coffee, but everyone I've gone with says it's nothing to write home about.

Update: They now have gluten free bagels and vegan cream cheese. All the stars.
Greenline Haiku

Surly hipsters make 
a mediocre latte;
Gold Standard's better
Sorry, I don't like to write negative reviews, but this place needs improvement in the following areas:

WiFi: Internet connectivity is spotty. My belief is that if your business claims to have internet connection, it should be reliable. I took a timed midterm for an online course, and as I submitted, sadly realized that my internet connection had been lost. If the professor had not been understanding about the situation, this could have been a catastrophe. 

Snippy employees: We know its really hard to deal with hipsters all day, but still treat people patiently. I remember coming up to the counter to ask a question about the internet, and the male employee yelled out the store was now closing. There were 30 minutes left until official closing, so it made me wonder if he was trying to teach me a lesson..lol.  

This being said, the food selections and coffee are tasty. I would recommend "The Steve", a spicy tofu (or perhaps Seitan) ciabatta sandwich that can be pressed. This place has great potential if it could get issues resolved. I love the layout and general atmosphere.
I feel like a carpetbagger when I visit the Green Line because I don't live in West Philly. I used to lived in West Philly before the Green Line opened so I am experiencing it as an outsider. My boyfriend lives a few doors from the cafe so I have stopped in quite a bit. The place is usually quite crowded on weekends so I have felt nervous and skittered out of there with my to go coffee.  

I love the outdoor seating and I sip my coffee and marvel at the Best House across the street. It used to be named the Wurst House and I still think that switch is hilarious. Sitting outside and gazing at Clark Park (fenced in at the moment), I want to move back to West Philly. This neighborhood is amazing and I miss grass, trees, and the people.

I have one small request to make to the Green Line. I asked for tomato on my bagel and cream cheese and they said they don't do that. Please, help me live a fantasy that a bagel is a nutritious meal. A splash of tomato, pepper, or onion would please me.
This looks like it could be a great place. Positive things:
Bagels were fresh, coffee was ok, some nice veggie choices. 
Negative things: 
The guy waiting on me had long, disheveled hair, which was not pulled back and was all over the place. 
I paid almost 13.00 for 2 bagels with cream cheese, sm coffee, oj, and a plain croissant. When I got to my car and opened the bag the bagels were not wrapped in anything, just thrown in a paper bag, and 3 little cups of Philly cream cheese and a plastic knife floating around the paper bag with the uncovered bagels 
For that much money the least they could do was put the cheese on and wrap the bagels. 
I know it sounds petty but if I had time to do all that I would have ate there. It's over priced and the service is mediocre. I will not be returning. I can get bad service for cheaper at Dunkin donuts.
In theory this place is cool in terms of the menu, the building, and the style.  In practice, the staff there has a huge attitude.  As another poster said, there is a lot of eye rolling and disrespect.  The standard in this part of Philly is friendly service, so this location needs to get up to speed.
I decided to try this Green Line Cafe because it was a little off of Penn's campus and it was such a disappointing experience. 

I ordered a mocha and when the cashier charged me, he was eyeing at me to see whether I'd tip. When I decided not to, he made a very snarky and sarcastic comment and said "Thanks for that. I live off of tip but no big deal." I was actually about to leave a tip in cash but after that comment and attitude, absolutely not. I watched as he did the same thing towards other customers. The barista also purposefully blasted the music after I sat down, which was very petty and childish. 

The barista created an extremely uncomfortable and hostile environment. Tipping is not obligatory and customers can choose whether or not to tip and how much. I understand the frustrations that come with working in the food service industry. But if you treat customers as rude as you did, not only will you not be tipped but you turn people away from your store. You're turning away people who can potentially become regulars and big-tippers. 

Besides the rude employee, the mocha I ordered was very watery and I barely tasted the espresso. My friend also said her coffee was super sour and it wasn't drinkable. She drank half of it and couldn't finish the drink. 

I read through other Yelp reviews and apparently this isn't the first time that this happened at the store-- multiple different employees have received comments for being rude when a customer decides not to tip. This was an incredibly disappointing experience and I won't be coming back unless there's a drastic change in the employee's attitudes.
This place total mess I get just one simple capuccino never stayed for long time but I tried this morning seems all people who sitting in there crazy one guy was shaking and eating all food what he order before with crazy hunger attitude , another groups of people were totally Holmes and stinks so bad some random guy was ruining around with the cup in his hands looks like total mad house I WlIL
Never go there anymore !! If you want spend your morning in MAD HOUSE that's is right place for you !!good luck
Small, cozy and more dimly lit Green Line Jr. I remember being able to access wireless internet here, although I don't remember if I was mooching off some neighboring apartment's. Coffee and teas taste the same as the big Green Line, and all the usual suspects are present (for example, the Vietnamese sandwiches). It can get packed on the weekends, but if you want to come early to grab a table, this is coffee place with a cozier vibe than its bigger brother.
I've had better luck at this location than the one on 40th, but it still hasn't been great. I find the coffee just okay. Nothing great, but not bad. It's nearly impossible to find a place to sit. There is usually only one person working when I've visited, so it can take a while to get through the line. I don't think I would recommend this over a chain coffeeshop.
Pros: Spacious, lots of big windows, outdoor seating

Cons: One of the employees is really unkempt and unclean looking. His hair is all over the place, and once I came in and he was absolutely drenched in sweat, through his clothes, from head to toe. I have never seen him wash his hands before preparing anything. 

The iced coffee is bland and not very strong. It's really quite flavorless, and therefore overpriced at nearly three dollars. 

The ambience is really bad. The music is often way too loud to be comfortable. Today I visited and they were playing experimental electronic music loud enough to be heard across the block. It was painful to my ears (and I LOVE electronic music). There often isn't any rhyme or reason to the playlist which can be jarring when you're trying to study.

I really wanted to like this place, and the one on Baltimore is lovely. But I miss living near Good Karma.
Good coffee and more space than most coffee shops in the area. Nothing particularly stood out as exceptional here, but I am not a coffee shop frequenter, either. The decor was nothing amazing either, but it was generally pretty clean. There's even a few outdoor tables if that's your thing.
As a music venue, green line isn't bad. Saw Joe Jack Talcum/Mischief Brew on a packed saturday night. About 20 chairs set up, sat in, and another 30 or so people along the walls and in the back. You're right there no matter where you are. Sound was good. Bathrooms are clean. Not much more to say. A nice small place to see a band, etc.
I am a (self-imposed) homebound computer hacker.  This coffee shop is one of my few escapes in life and I love it.  For some reason they have very good bagels (not NY quality, but good enough for Philly) - also they have vegan cream cheese(!).  The coffee is super standard and consistent.  Sandwhiches are fantastic - the Steve, obviously, but come back for their rotating monthly specials!  I also recommend the goat cheese croissant (just try it).  The building is very nice with ample seating (when its not study season), big windows, and decent wifi.

The best part of this place, by far, is the staff.  While they may not have the incessant pep or faux niceness popular in other coffee shops they are very much real human beings.  Keep an eye out for tall skater guy, he gets this coffee thing done like a pro and puts a lot of love in his lattes.  If cool hair girl is working, take it as a good sign.  She's the best.  Also, don't forget blonde viking hair dude -- that hair -- I have nothing but good things to say about it.

P.S. Subpar drip coffee is common in this world... some might go so far to say that all drip coffee is subpar.  If you look at the fancy Philly coffee shops - they do pour overs.  Green Line doesn't do pour overs.  If you want a pour over, you need to go to one of the fancy Philly coffee shops and wait 20mins for a lukewarm cup of coffee.  Or you could all just jam yer yams and order an Americano (which are very good at the Green Line).

Did I mention they have like two dozen teas as well?
I'm a coffee snob. If you read my reviews, that's gonna turn up very quickly. The coffee isn't that great, not terrible and certainly better than the chains and at least it's cheap, but I'd still throw down a buck or two extra for a solid cup. The pastry/food selection isn't that great, although for a while they had BT's brownies which are absolutely incredible (can still find them at other cafes in Philly). They don't know how to make Chai which is always a drag. My friend orders it EVERY time and no matter what, it's always bad. Tastes like milk was poured into a glass with some residual spices at the bottom. Not good when you're expecting some spicy chai. Lastly, the services is somewhat horrendous. They always treat you like you're a dope and they couldn't care less if you tripped on your way out, hot coffee in hand. Even a tip in the jar doesn't excite them. So sad.

P.S. Looking at Neda D's review of this place, absolutely correct in saying that the vegan chocolate chip cookies are surprisingly delicious. I'd give them a shot again, for sure.
I'm going to agree with everyone and say that surprisingly, the medium roast coffee is not that great. i'm sipping on a large cup right now. agree also with the bitter / watery taste of it. odd! i'm not terribly  picky, so long as i get my caffeine. so 4 stars from me. 

mostly because i did have an ABSOLUTELY LOVELY soy latte the other day, so i would say, get a latte!!!! 

and because the music is amazing. the smiths in the morning? a descendents sign beckoning you in? nothing short of awesome. but i know some people don't like that sound. i'm just happy to have a coffee place on my way to class/work that isn't playing jazz. no offense to jazz. 

Cash only. Staff are really nice.
Yea, the only thing missing in THIS Green Line Cafe is the crowd. Business-wise, I don't see why a neighborhood cafe would open its second location just three blocks away. Anyway, as the other reviewer notes, THIS Green Line Cafe is right next to the laundromat where I used to do marathon laundry sessions, so it made an ideal place to hang out while my socks tumbled around.

I really like the Vietnamese hoagies, which, apparently, are not made on location but are delivered daily by some distributor. They're always spicy and delicious, and if you're on a budget, as about the day-old hoagies, which go for some ridiculous price, definitely no more than $2. The difference between the full-priced hoagies is almost indecipherable.

I sort of like the dark, more bohemian vibe in THIS Green Line Cafe (whereas Andrew R. claims it's a turnoff.) Sometimes, the bustling Baltimore Location, with its huge sunny windows, doesn't end up being the ideal place to study or read a book that everyone seems to think it is.
I came here thinking it was going to be a nice place with delicious coffee, after all the one on Baltimore isn't bad. Just imagine a run-down Starbucks, offering really gross coffee and milk drinks in oversized cups. The wifi was spotty but at least the air conditioning works.

If you just like a place to sit and hang out I guess it's ok. Just don't order the coffee for heaven sakes.
Most of the staff members here are cranky...I feel like I have to apologize after bothering them with my order. 
Coming from a girl who is perfectly content with Dunkin, I come here when I want to splurge and enjoy a very quality cup of coffee. Very rich and bold taste that I love. 

It's crowded on weekends and you have to come early if you want an everything bagel!! But still a nice place to study (when they aren't playing angsty grunge music too loudly).
This used to be one of my favorite coffee shops in terms of the vibe and ambiance, but the unreliability of the wireless and snippiness of some of the employees has come to bother me more.  I wish that they'd just not offer wireless--it's like, don't serve a dish if you don't know how to cook it so that it's at least palatable.  If the wireless were a dish of food, it would be something that I had to throw out half the time, because it just doesn't work half the time.  I love community-based coffee shops that aren't just a bunch of people plugging away on their laptops, so I would support the idea of this place going without wifi.  I just resent it being advertised as wifi, and me planning coming here to use the internet, only to find I can't use it at all.

I like the ambiance here.  This place is on a corner, on a slight hill, placing the seating a bit below the level of the street.  This, combined with the big glass windows, gives you the odd but somewhat cool effect of looking up and out into the neighborhood, which is a quirky hodgepodge of nicely kept and more run-down buildings, always populated by interesting people.

This place serves good baked goods, and good tea, which is what I drink.  The tea is actually from the company Divinitea, and is pretty good; I have begun reviewing some of it, and you can find the reviews (or write your own if you so desire) on my interactive tea rating site:

http://ratetea.net/brand/divinitea/248/

Some of the employees here have been nice.  Some of them have seemed cold and detached, or snippy at times though.  I used to frequent Cafe Clave, and I wouldn't exactly call the employees warm and fuzzy people there, but I found them to be friendly on a deep level.  I never got like, a genuinely uncomfortable vibe from them.  Sometimes I have gotten the vibe here that the people seem irritated with me or with other customers, for some unknown reason--I've never seen a customer being difficult.  I don't know if there's something about the way they set up the shifts that causes the employees to become too stressed or what...but the employees here often seem run down or snippy.  I have noticed, what other people remark, about them sometimes being over-eager to kick people out before closing time--maybe it's juts giving a heads up so people have time to wrap up, but it sometimes seems a bit abrasive.  It's not what they say, it's how they say it.

One time I lost my temper at an employee here.  I'm not proud of it and it's more my issue than his, but I still think the way he was acting towards me was disrespectful; I had a not-particularly-important remark about the soap in the restroom, and I approached him about it and was very respectful and positive about how I brought it up with him, but he kept persistently interrupting me telling me he didn't have any control over it, without even hearing what I had to say.  It just seemed really rude because in like, 99% of my other interactions I've had in life in other businesses, when I've brought up a concern, people have at least listened to what I had to say, and they usually acknowledge it or say they'll say something to a manager instead of interrupting me and saying that I need to contact the management about it on my own.  I know others don't always have the same social norms for interactions, but I personally am very hesitant to interrupt a customer offering a suggestion or complaint, and the way the employee interacted with me struck me as dismissive and abrasive, and really rubbed me the wrong way.

The music is eclectic...some days I love it, other times I'm a little less excited...but it's never generic.

The wireless here is notoriously unreliable.  Some days it works fine, most days it is spotty, sometimes it doesn't work at all.  I don't know what their issue is...the signal strength is strong.  I think their router can't handle the volume of traffic in the store, personally.  But that's not my issue to work out--it's theirs--and it already hurts their business because I don't come here as often as I otherwise would.

If it weren't for the spotty wireless and my awkward interactions with some of the employees, this would probably be my favorite coffee shop not only in West Philly, possibly in all of Philadelphia.  As-is, I usually only come here to hang out, or for a break, usually if other people suggest to come here, but I don't ever come here if I actually need internet.
Very cute coffee shop in West Philadelphia. Nice amount of space and many people working and enjoying coffee and food. Major cons include:
-Unreliable wifi
-Very loud music being played (often heavy metal) 
-Very few plugs for computers
-As others have commented, staff are unfriendly at best
-Coffee drinks are okay, but not worth the price and often served lukewarm
This spot is great for studying except when the music is too loud. Sometimes its a bit crowded but its a flexible place. The staff is always nice and the coffee's about average. I like cafes where they offer cups of water - because I tend to get dehydrated when the work load gets heavy. Location is too convenient to not keep going back.
Why so surly?  I really don't know why, but no matter what I order here, whoever's at the bar seems unhappy about it.  This location is open late and has a big lovely window, so despite the mediocre drinks and whiff of pretension, I wanted to like it.  But I just don't enjoy being here.  There are nicer, warmer options all over the neighborhood and even right down the street.
I usually go to the Green Line on 43rd, where the drinks are always good and people are nice. However, once in a while I opt here when I feel like doing some work, since the other location has no internet. This place is bigger, but doesn't mean better. I've never seen anyone clean tables here, so pretty much always dirty with trash all over the floor. Drinks have been made incorrectly about half of the times I've been here, even though the menu is the same as the one in 43rd! Lastly, when the only reason I come here is for internet but their internet is commonly down, it defeats the purpose of coming here. 

Overall an ok place when things are working correctly, but usually a disappointment.
Exceptionally RUDE customer service. I know this Green Line tends to have many people studying so I came here to do some work and to study. There were maybe about 6 other people in the cafe at the time, all of whom were quietly on their laptops or reading books. It would have all been wonderful, if it were not for the annoying 90s rap songs playing on the speakers. I kindly asked the cashier to turn the volume of the music down and he, in an extremely rude fashion, made a show of turning the volume down by ONE. It made absolutely no difference. His level of rudeness was beyond unacceptable. Needless to say, I left and will not be going again.
Totally overrated. Their coffee tastes terrible, the milk they leave out goes sour, the service is totally rude, and the food is mediocre and overpriced. Cafe Clave right across the street is much better, if smaller. For a real good coffee and actual good service, head down a few blocks to Earth Cup!
The halloumi grilled cheese sandwich was intriguing so I'm back for an update! It has this tangy/spicy/sweet jam on it which adds some interest. The everything bread/muffin is incredible. If all of the food I eat for the rest of my life could be served on that everything bread, I'd be delighted.

Enjoyed some tea over a study session, and the music wasn't so loud today! I kind of hate myself for spending almost $10 on a snack and some tea but you win some, you lose some. 
Still my neighborhood coffee shop!
I've been here about 10 times, and I think I have had ONE employee smile at me. The staff is quite rude and slow. It takes about 5 minutes or longer to get a drip coffee even if only 1 person is in line in front of you.  I often see employees sitting around talking while one person does everything. Additionally, the place smells like mildew. The Green Line on Baltimore is much better. The staff is much friendlier, it does not smell, and it does not take so long.
This place could be so great. But it is not. I've tried to come here multiple times, always hoping for what appears (from the outside) to be a chill hip atmosphere and a great place for doing work. Before I critique this place I will offer one compliment (and that is why I am giving it two stars): the sandwiches are really good. However, now for the bad. The reality on the inside of Green Line is this: wobbly dirty tables, overpriced bad coffee (I mean it is really bad -- I have tried espresso, hot and cold, as well as regular coffee hot and cold --- all poor experiences), and internet that NEVER WORKS. I mean never works. I don't know who Green Line uses for their internet but it never works, and the baristas hate being asked to reset it (and even when they do, it still doesn't work). This place could win me back over by: changing their coffee distributor, getting non-wobbly tables, and getting faster internet. So far, I've been at Penn for four years, and have probably come to Green Line 10 times - none of that has happened, so I have given up.
First time at this location for Green Line, and so far it's super chill! The decor is the same as other locations very warm and welcoming with creatures art work on the walls. I thought it would crazy busy on a Saturday afternoon, but it's relatively quiet other than the cool punk music playlist going on in the background. The guy at the register was upbeat and provided good and speedy service. I work at Starbucks, so every now and then I like to find a new coffee shop to go to that has a less "corporate" ambiance. I'll definitely have to come back soon! My café au lait with pumpkin is very tasty, by the way
I like this place, I really do - lots of room, free wifi and good coffee.  The problem?  It's always FREEZING in here - summer, winter, doesn't matter. Always painfully cold, which makes me think they turn up the AC to keep folks from staying too long or to keep them buying hot lattes...either way it's very uncool.
Definitely didn't know what I was getting into going to this location of the Green Line, and that's probably for the best. I heard they have poetry readings (though I'm not sure of which location) and so I gave in and decided to visit to "check out the scene." Upon entering the waitress was pretty cold but I got prompt service. The coffee ended up tasting like your average coffeehouse coffee. Nothing special. There were a variety of eatables too, including bagels, wraps, and yogurt.

The atmosphere was calm, comfortable. New Wave music in the background. 30% of the crowd were on laptops. Half of the crowd were in small groups, appearing to be studying or discussing high-intellect topics. The tables are all varied, and though not necessarily practical or ideal, they work and there's a lot of seating space.

I'll probably end up going back, either for a reading, or to do some writing/newspaper browsing. Yes, it's that kind of place.
I came in here for a quick lunch by myself and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the vegan 'steve' sandwich and the vegan almond anise cupcake. The Steve was great and only $5: I'll definitely be coming back for more of the spiced tofu on ciabatta even though this is a bit out of my way for a sandwich. I really liked the cake part of the cupcake, but wasn't a fan of the icing (to be fair, I am the pickiest icing eater known to man). 

The service was quick and friendly on a Sunday and I was able to get a chair without any problem. As for the infamous 'hipster atmosphere'? It was there, a little bit, but for the most part people were doing work on their laptop or having a small bite to eat.   Last, the music was pretty quiet and was playing some techno from the 80's IIRC.
I've been going here for years but I really can't deal with the super rude barista with a horrible attitude anymore (the one with the long black hair). He makes me super uncomfortable and feel unwelcome for no reason at all. I live right next to this green line but make the trek to Baltimore Ave for the friendly and helpful service there.
Hard to customize the flavor of the drinks you want.  Or at least, I've not like their tea lattes very much, and I keep trying. Definitely cozy with all the options for seating, but I've tried several drinks here and I'm not sure the price justifies the product. They actually have wifi, which works pretty well, so that's a good way to get out of the house and get some work done. The baked goods and sandwiches are about average for a coffee shop, except Green Line has done vegan and vegetarian options which is a necessity for these parts. 

Overall, nothing crazy about this place, but they keep a clean bathroom and every time I walk by, I see a few of the same regulars chilling around. Lots of students, it seems, and near a lot of restaurants. With more people in line, service can be super slow, so unless you come at off hours, expect a wait in the cramped area up near the counter when you walk in.
I live local to this cafe & am a big fan of their Lattes. The large latte has 4 shots of Espresso so you are definitely getting your money's worth. I haven't tried their food but they have a nice menu. The inside is very cute & comfortable. They also have outdoor seating for warmer days.
I love Green Line Cafe. They have awesome teas, sandwiches, and baked goods. I love that their selection is 50/50 vegan/non-vegan. 

My favorite sandwiches are The Steve and the Sweet Potato burrito. The Steve has delicious marinated tofu with tomato and spicy aioli on ciabatta bread. The sweet potato burrito is filled with kale, black beans, and creamy aioli. Both are super savory and sweet! 

I love that they carry Dottie's Donuts too! You literally can't go wrong with any flavor. All are delicious. Recently I tried a sourdough pretzel from them and wow that was amazing too!

This cafe is very spacious and has tons of space to work/chat.
This is the worst cafe I've ever been and the worst matcha latte I've ever had. I only had one sip of my latte and couldn't drink it anymore. Even my friend's simple coffee tastes horrible as well. When I first walked in today, this place smells like bad milk. It's absolutely gross and super uncomfortable.
This is a pretty specific complaint, and may not apply to everyone- I work out of coffee shops, and can't come here because the wi-fi is so unreliable. About 1/3 of the times I've tried to come here it just hasn't worked at all, and usually it's down again within 45 minutes. Staff is friendly and resets, but as far as I can tell they've had a broken router for a few months. The food is decent, and the coffee is pretty good for the price. If you're just coming here just to drink coffee and you're nearby it's completely worth it.
Some of the best iced coffee in Philly. Cold brewed.
