Some reviews can't wait until the morning. Y'all, Sidecar is back!!!

I have to admit, my last few visits to Sidecar had gone from so-so to bad. After our last visit, it sort of became this unspoken rule in our house that we weren't going back. Yet, I didn't have the heart to downgrade my review. Sidecar has been a neighborhood staple - the first neighborhood staple, actually - for more than a decade. I definitely wasn't cheering for its demise. 

Then, news came of how the crew behind Mike's BBQ and Stockyard Sandwich had taken over Sidecar. The photos of new menu items looked extremely promising. Finally, after late nights at work, my husband and I met up in our neighborhood and hit Sidecar for a late bite. The place was packed, like it used to be. 

We sat upstairs and perused the menu. I was thrilled to see Heineken 0.0 on the beer list! This is my go-to NA beer and I am so so happy to see it in my hood! 

We tried to order a pizza after seeing so many photos of it on the 'gram, but our late arrival meant they were already out. So I ordered a hot chicken sandwich with a side of fries, instead. You guyyyys. They did Nashville proud! Easily one of the best takes on Nashville hot chicken I've had outside of Nashville. And the fries were bomb, too! 

We didn't have room for dessert but I've got my eye on the carrot cake. So stoked we have our neighborhood bar back and wishing the new owners all the best!
With practically no other yelpworthy bar in the area, Sidecar is an oasis in the middle of the desert. 

You can't really call the food "bar food," because it's way more sophisticated than that (pork carnitas, hello, call me sometime) and it ranges from various cuisines...though I always notice a strong cajun influence.  The staff is friendly and helpful, the bar features an impressive, fully stocked display of all the mandatory spirits, and even though their focus is craft beer, they don't skimp on the cocktails. Last I saw it, their cocktail menu seemed fleshed out and not haphazardly thrown together. 

You can tell the folks here really care about all the elements of their spot. Beer, fantastic. Cocktails, just as good. Food, outdoes itself. It's always buzzing with locals and I'm not surprised why. 

If you're a fan of Good Dog, you'll probably like this place too.
While I was sitting eating dinner last night at the bar with my roommate she turned to me and said, "I'm SO GLAD this is our neighborhood bar" and it occurred to me that I am absolutely in love with this place. Here are a few reasons why:

- I have never had a single bad food item at this place. In fact everything I eat here (which is most likely the entire menu by this point) is good to outstanding. 

- The staff is awesome, super duper attentive, easy to get along with and after being somewhat of a "regular" here (ok maybe more than somewhat) I know them on first name basis and have actually made friends with one or two of them. Real life friends. Made of bartenders. Gotta love it.

- They are the only place I know of in the neighborhood (and really most of the city) that keeps their kitchen open till 1:30 every single night.  A lot of places SAY they do this, but when you walk in and no one is in there, they are all like "oh the kitchen closed because no one was here yadayadada"

- That brings me to the next point, there is a good crowd there EVERY night! I kid you not, come on Wednesday night at 12:30am, there will be a crowd and it will be happy. This is just a sign of a great place that everyone wants to be at.

- They have specials. Almost every night. Bitter Monday. Tight Lipped Tuesday. Pork me Sunday (I didn't make this up I swear thats what it's actually called). 

- If you are a beer connoisseur (snob) this place hits up some really unique, sometimes rare, and always quality breweries. Check out High Gravity once a month on Wednesday night for their high ABV beer selection. And plan on walking home.

- There are now two floors and both have unique vibes but great atmospheres. 

- Happy hour. Happy hour. Happy hour! Brunch, brunch brunch!

I wanna hug and kiss this place and give it a friendship bracelet or something.
Sidecar is the best bar in the city.  Anyone who says differently is either a liar or an idiot.  

All past recommendations by said nerd should be summarily dismissed.  

Eliminate them from your life and be grateful for the fact that they voluntarily alerted you to the existence of their horrifying ignorance.  In the overarching interest of the greater good, be sure to tell anyone that you care about to do the same.
 
I recently witnessed a friend present a lukewarm response to Sidecar.  After I recovered from my initial shock, I promptly went home and burned every book that he had ever recommended.  The fact that a moron of his caliber thought highly of these novels implicitly confirmed that they couldn't possibly be good.

I judge people based on three criteria:  (1) Do you love Prince? (2)  Did you enjoy Royal Tenenbaums? (3) Is Sidecar the best bar in Philadelphia?

A negative response to any of the above is automatic grounds for dismissal and, ultimately, total excommunication from civilized society.
Sidecar is a reliably good time, which has been especially appreciated during pandemic times. The beer selection is large and varied, the service is always friendly, and the menu is comprised of elevated bar fare.

For our most recent visit, I had the porchetta sandwich, which was super delicious - the bread was perfectly toasted, the pork was succulent, there was the ideal amount of melty cheese, and there were just enough greens in the sandwich to help break up the fatty decadence of each bite. I had previously ordered the hot chicken sandwich, which definitely could have been hotter (I'd like if they asked for spice level preference), but was generally nicely seasoned, tender with a crispy exterior, and served on a nice soft bun. I've also tried a bite of their burgers, which are smashburger style and pretty darn good.

The outdoor set-up is really nice and cute, and the second floor indoor seating feels spacious and safe. As the weather gets warmer, I'm definitely looking forward to more visits!
In case you haven't heard, Sidecar's upstairs bar/dining room is open for service! We swung by last night with friends to check it out and everyone agreed that the exposed brick, retro banquettes and tables and large windows with a pretty view of the skyline were on point. It's a totally different vibe and yet somehow the same old Sidecar. Great servers, awesome beer. Two thumbs up.
Sidecar is great. The beer list is awesome, the food is always on point, if a bit heavy handed on the hot spices sometimes (Appetizer Formerly Known As, I'm looking at you). Happy hour runs from 3 - 7 pm. That's four whole hours of happy!!! 

People freak over the nachos, and I say I don't really love them, but I always end up woofing half the plate when they're ordered. When I do the choosing, I like the carnitas or mahi mahi tacos (when they're offered). Mostly everything comes out with a really nice side salad.

Brunch is also very solid. I usually opt for a beermosa over a Bloody Mary with my huevos at Sidecar. For the uninitiated, a beermosa is 50% wheat beer, 50% OJ and 100% awesome.

Alas, I have one gripe, and it's kind of a big one, although it doesn't stop me from returning. When the sun goes down, it is way too dark in there. No joke, I had to download a flashlight iPhone app to read the menu on my last visit. Forget about seeing anything on the plate. Just spear blindly and eat. It drives me crazy! For the love of beer, turn up the lights before 10 so people can see their dinner!
Update! It has been years since my last Sidecar review! Nearly four, to be exact. Meanwhile, Sidecar is my go-to neighborhood bar, I practically know the menu by heart, I have consistently great experiences with servers and bartenders there, they always play great music... the list goes on! 

Something I'm really loving that they didn't have the last time I wrote a review is the addition of a few really nicely done cocktails. I've been drinking less beer and more wine and cocktails lately, and I absolutely love the raspberry cooler, with fresh raspberry iced tea, vodka, simple syrup and fresh lemon and mint. It's a simple drink that isn't overly sweet, which is just perfect for me.  

The food is consistent, whether you go for brunch or dinner, and I love that the kitchen is open late. My go-tos are the pretzel chicken bites, carnitas, salads and, when I'm feeling extra splurge-y, the Super Mario burger. Delish. Anything on their brunch menu is a hit with me. Thanks for holding it down in the 'hood, Sidecar.
So glad I found this place. A bunch of my friends live in the neighborhood, and this has got to be our new go-to brunch spot. 

The portions are quite generous. If you're REALLY hungry, try one of the breakfast burritos. Oh my gosh, I think they must weigh at least 1 lb. EASY. And that's not including the side salad and home fries. 

In addition to the great food, there's an outstanding selection of beer on tap. 

One more thing - the staff appears to have amazing chemistry. Everyone seems to be having a good time. At some places, the staff looks like they're having TOO much fun and that leads to some neglected customers. But in this case, they seem to have balanced work and play perfectly.
I adore the Sidecar. I first went early last summer and was thrilled to pieces to find that they actually did a proper Carolina-style barbeque plate, complete with cornbread and cracklins. (Carolina barbeque, for those of you who don't know, uses a thin vinegar-based sauce that is DIVINE if done right, which it is here.) The hush puppies were oh-so-tasty, though I would've liked them even better without the onions, especially since they're served with honey butter. The drink special that night was a mango margarita, and I had to order a second round because it hit the spot. OK, so I might've ordered a third one, too. I kept going back here to dine al fresco during the warmer months, but as I write this review I'm realizing it's been a while since I've eaten there. I'll be rectifying that situation ASAP.
Huzzah!!!

I have had many a meal at Side Car, and tonight was spot on. 

Suffice to say, Side Car does its best work when you're dining in.

Crispy yellow curry wings were on special tonight, so we got those. There was a perfect balance of heat and curry flavor. I was impressed that they weren't overwhelming in any sense. Quite tasty. 

And the burgers are my go to here and despite some changes- I maintain that they are divine. You just can't go wrong. 
 They've gone from a ciabatta or snowflake bun to brioche which is a welcome change as far as I'm concerned. And from one party to two. 
I got half salad and half fries. So good! And get a side of truffle mayo to dip your fries. Life changing. 

Their pickles are bomb. I could probably eat a jar of them if given the opportunity.
We've been to Sidecar Bar & Grille 4 times, since it's changed management. The menu is small with limited offerings, but think bar food and you won't be disappointed.  The warm and intimate two-level restaurant-bar has a great atmosphere. The bartenders and staff have been professional. 

Our first visit was coincidentally, the day the new owners took over.  The menus weren't quite ready and neither were all their happy hour food specials.  It's ok, chock it up to "just getting their act together" on day 1.

Our subsequent visits, were on Monday evenings for Trivia night (which is quite fun!).  We've had the Fried Brussels spouts, which come out quite burnt. I would pass on this.  The Hamburger and the Aioli French Fries and are good.  The fries are a generous portion.  The surprising winner has been the Seared Tofu Sandwich.
Comfort food done well, and a beer selection to delight your inner (or outer) beer snob.

The happy hour specials are some of the best deals around. $2 carnitas? Yes, please. I'd be all over that even if they weren't delicious. Fortunately, they are, and two of those babies makes a meal. Throw in a beer or two, and you can have dinner for like 10 bucks. The nachos should not be overlooked, either. They, too, are 1/2 price during HH, and there is a veritable mountain of them.

Did I mention they have a late-night happy hour from 12-2 as well? And that the kitchen is open until 1:30 every night? And that they do an awesome brunch (challah!) ?

The downside to all this winning is that it gets paaacked. But whaddya gonna do. (Answer: shut up and drink!)
+ Scrumtulescent blueberry waffles were had.  

- An hour was waited for their magnificence to be delivered to my grumbling stomach.  

+ They were perfect in crispiness and texture, but could have used more blueberry and some whipped cream (-). 
+ The honey butter was a nice touch, but didn't complement the waffles as well as I wanted it to (-).  

- My Mimosa was tiny for the $6 I paid for it.

 ~ Our server was harried, but not rude.  It was obvious that the brunch rush was getting to him, though.  Or maybe he was just hungover.  Hard to tell.

~ I wasn't too keen on the decor and am baffled as to why other yelpers describe it as cute, when i'd describe it as "diner-esque."

It's a decent place, more trendy than anything else.  The food is worth returning for, but I wish the service and ambiance were a little better.  Overall, my experience was good but not great.
Yay! A new (to me) place to have great brunch!

Maybe it's because I never find myself in the neighborhood of 22nd & Christian....or maybe it's because I had honestly never yelped for brunch spots beyond my East Passyunk neighborhood...but whatever the reason, this past Sunday was our first visit to Sidecar Bar & Grille and it couldn't have been better!!!

It was the perfect "midway between you and us" choice for a last minute brunch with our favorite cousin in West Philly. Bonus points for plentiful, free street parking!

When we arrived at 11:30am I was nervous about the wait time (since I was teetering on hangry) but to our surprise we were seated outside within 5 minutes. Awesome!

The best part though had to be our lucky draw in getting Virginia as our server. She was exactly the type of sunny disposition you want to encounter on a Sunday morning (especially after several glasses of champagne the night before). 

Although we stuck to coffee and juice we went harrrrdd on the grub. Banana-Walnut Pancakes? Check. (And YUM!). Special Enchiladas? Double Check (and double yum!). Home Fries? Check (I'd rate these a solid "good"--a bit plain for me--but perfectly cooked). Cheesy Grits? CHECK (and so good she saved some for later!) Bacon??? Is it possible to have brunch without Bacon? I sure hope not!  We ordered bacon to go around. The consensus was "yummy but maybe a bit under-cooked" (we're a family of crispy bacon-eaters, what can I say?)

All in all, a FABULOUS experience. Oh--and the best part--3 full bellies, two boxes of leftovers, and coffee for days...all for the bargain price of $50 (I'm still wide eyed over those awesome banana-walnut pancakes for $5--I hope Sidecar never learns that I pay $10 for inferior cakes elsewhere). 

WE WILL BE BACK!!!!!!!!
On our latest trek to Sidecar Bar we drank and dined upstairs for the first time... Nice atmosphere, I wanna tell you. Comfortable banquettes, a huge picture window framing the city skyline. Yeah man, let's do that again. 

And then yez were playing lotsa Talking Heads and solo David Byrne songs too?! Did you know that all I want to do is be his pal and ride bikes around with him all while having preciously bizarre conversations about the mundane things of life... "all the little details... I notice the way the sky looks. The color of white paper. The way people walk. Doorknobs. Everything," and such. 

Servers have always been really sweet to us- shout out to the funny chick who made it her mission to keep our water glasses full, as we are some thirsty suckas! Bartenders have been friendly and extremely beer knowledgeable (I think she said her name is Sam- very cool & helpful!)

My husband said that his burger was the mooove (with 3 o's), cooked perfectly medium rare. It's cool that Sidecar lets you do the gimmick where you can have fries, or salad, or a little of both with you sandwich. It's a good plan, and as it is not typically our way to make even the smallest of healthy attempts...we can act like we're doin something kinda good.

Sidecar Bar is 20 blocks from my house. So, most often, as any professional health-kick-saboteur would do, we take this Westerly stroll just ever so conveniently timed so that we'll happen upon this spot during happy hour...happy hours, really. 3-7PM Monday through Friday (and then again Midnight - 2AM)!

It is there that I reward my minimal efforts with an excellent array of dollar-off craft beers on draft, and half-priced hills of porky nachos (with extra pineapple salsa)... or tasty half-priced carnitas...or half-priced pretzel coated chicken fingers, while saying, "Whatever man, I mean, we hafta walk 20 blocks back."

Always worth the trip.
The Sidecar feels like home - the atmosphere is relaxed, and the staff is friendly and responsive.  And that's why I love it.

First of all, the beer selection is stellar.  From the drafts to the bottles to the cans, there's something for everyone.  An excellent list of specialty drinks doesn't hurt, either, though when I'm here, it's all about the beer.

Take for instance, what I think will be their monthly High Gravity Night.  It's as dangerous as it sounds.  For a night, everything on draft is above 9.0/abv.  Thursdays feature specials on Abita beers.  And the music is ALWAYS good - funk and soul are the highlights.

The turkey burger is delish - so are the fries, the nachos, and their brunch selections.  Though brunch isn't my favorite time to come here - or any place, for that matter - it's a bit too crazy for the service to keep up.

Hopefully their fight with the neighborhood to expand will go through - with additional floors, performance space, and a proposed roof deck, this place is gonna get serious.
I haven't done a ton of exploring of the graduate hospital area but I'm glad my friends suggested Sidecar! We visited on a warm Saturday afternoon for an early dinner. Be sure to arrive after 4pm because the kitchen is closed from 3-4pm.

We were quickly served ice cold waters and jalapeno corn bread muffins which were absolutely delicious (we scarfed them down without even getting a picture). The cocktails here are very reasonable and I ordered the grey squirrel ($7) since I really wanted to try Aperol. My husband ordered a beer from a very balanced beer menu imo. 

My group all ordered off the dinner menu but I'm just going to focus on my husband and my meals. We ordered two of the vegetarian dishes (plenty of vegetarian options, I wish I could have tried them all). I ordered the nachos which were a very large portion but delicious. It was topped with a very fresh tasting pineapple salsa and HUGE chunks of avocado. I'm sure you can order it without cheese to make it vegan and it would be just as tasty. My husband ordered the mushroom shorty. It was very mushroomy but a little hard to eat. I'm not the biggest fan of mushrooms so I thought this was just okay. I don't think this would be good without the cheese so I'd suggest something else if you're vegan. 

Overall, this seems like a great neighborhood bar with lots of veggie options. I'd definitely suggest going if you're in the neighborhood and if I have the chance I'd come back.
i'm so totally in love with this place.  we got served by the owner and he was one of the nicest people i've ever met. so knowledgeable, helpful, and willing to put up with my indecisiveness.  all of the food was excellent!  the calimari, to die for.  the place is small and adorable and you can actually talk to the people you're eating with!  they have a great beer selection and have several specials all the time.  there isn't much around this neighborhood, but it's definitely worth a visit.  if i lived in a city and anywhere remotely close to the sidecar, i'd be there all the time.
This is one of the best bars in the Southwest Center City neighborhood.  The service is consistently good, prices have increased a bit with their popularity, the decor is stylish, and the food is okay.  If you want to order something that will knock your socks off go for the chipolte wings - other then that the menu is mediocre (my apologies to Adam Ritter, the owner).  There is outdoor seating spring thru fall.
The Sidecar is a very good brunch spot. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I had an opportunity to try the crabby benny and the huevos rancheros.

The huevos rancheros were OK. Though the dish tasted very fresh all-around, it lacked kick from the salsa. If I do consume this item again, I'll ask for some hot sauce to supplement it.

The crabby benny is pretty darn great. The crabcakes have ample meat. I hate when crabcakes are more cake than crab. Furthemore, I also really liked the home fries and side salad that came with them. In fact, I'm going to go through some extra effort to laud praise upon the side salad and home fries.

Usually, home fries at brunch are an afterthought. They are useful to fill up the extra space in my stomach after I've completed the main item. Home fries are usually too mushy for me to think of them as anything other than tiny pieces of potato that were too cruel in a previous life to become something better(like seasoned french fries). The home fries at Sidecar have a great crispy exoskeleton and a great internal softness. I like 'em.

The same goes for the balsamic greens that come with the crabby benny. They are surprisingly good.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Equilibrium.
Sidecar is the corner bar of one of my coworkers/friends.  He's always talking about how great the food and drink selections are and how awesome the staff is.  

On Friday of last week, I finally got to see for myself what all the buzz was about.  On approach, the bar looks like an oasis at night, with tables lining the two streets of this corner property.  Inside the bar it was dim and comfortable and the staff welcomed my friend by name.  I got to meet the owner and my friend's favorite bartender, both of whom couldn't have been nicer or more attentive, even though it was crazy busy.  

He had the stone black ipa and i had the heavy weisen.  Two very different beers, but both super tasty and ones I doubt I would've been able to find on tap at any of my other watering holes.

I chose the chili from the menu even though I wasn't really hungry.  It was absolutely delicious!  It was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and I downed almost all of it despite my lack of appetite.  A couple points off for stale chips, but I really didn't want to eat those anyway.  :)

I wish I was anywhere near the GH area so I could have an excuse to go here more often!  After having gone here, I'm extremely jealous that I don't have a cool corner bar to frequent.
Oh Sidecar how I love thee. Even though Sidecar is only a block away from me - it has easily become one of my favorite spots in the city. I've found that Sidecar is the perfect place for any situation. I've gone there after work to chill outside with my laptop and beer, I've taken my parents there for a killer brunch and I've gone to after one beer too many with my pals to split a few beer samplers between us. 

Sidecar's menu has gone through a few revamps in the time since I started going there, but they've seemed to really master their menu now. I am a big fan of the Carnitas, that are $4 a piece and you can order as many as you want - 3 is enough for a fill up for me. One of the best things isnt on the menu - its their brunch specials. I've been there about 6 times for brunch and every time I go I always get a special and every time left very very pleased. Two of these times they featured grits - and I never thought i would say this..but I am a giant fan of grits now. 

Sidecar also has a great rotating selection of drafts. My recommendation is to get the beer sampler x 2. One sampler has 4 beers but they always have 8 on draft...and you gotta try them all (even if one is PBR - yeah its happened - love me some ribbon).

The staff at Sidecar is always very awesome with the clientele and almost every time I'm there or even driving to work at 8am - I see the owner Adam doing something for that place - he is dedicated.

Next time you are in pseudo-south philly check out Sidecar and you'll leave happy if not for the food, service, beer or awesome music - the "Be Nice or Leave" sign behind the bar always makes me smile.
Had a delicious brunch on a busy Sunday morning.  The menu was substantial, yet not overwhelming.  I ordered the coconut curry tofu scramble with a side salad served with a pomegranate vinaigrette. If you're interested in a light, refreshing brunch item that fills you up, but does not stuff you senseless, then I'd highly recommend this scramble! The curry sauce was spicy, flavorful, with just the right amount of acidity, which paired so well with the tofu and and veggies (broccoli, bell peppers, onions, and fingerling potatoes). 

My bf had the special of the day - croquet madame, with ham and gruyere, topped with bechamel, and served between two thick slices of sourdough - along with their house potatoes.  A bit of personal info: the amount my bf eats is scary - he has an almost superhuman appetite. Most times I wonder in awe how it all fits. Anyhow, even he could not finish the croquet madame!  While delicious (and obviously filling), it was just a tad too rich and had a lot of bread. In retrospect, he realizes that pairing this massive sandwich with potatoes (which were slightly under-seasoned) might not be the best idea.

Overall, I liked my dish, the service was friendly, the location was convenient; therefore, I'm a fan and would definitely venture to this South Philly local spot again!
I love this place, but I also hate it. I hate it because this seems to be the place where my boyfriend and I end up when we are fighting.  Of course, this is not the restaurant's fault, but it does tend to color your experience. 

The food here, while sometimes too spicy for me, is delicious. The creole theme is done really well, and I'm always excited about something on their weekly specials menu.  They always have nice beers on tap, and the sidecar is one of my top two favorite drinks! 

The service is friendly.  The interior is cute.  I just wish there was more room.  Also, I think their desserts could use a sprucing up. One taste of the waffles and I decided they weren't for me.  At least the weekly specials' desserts are brought in from a local bakery. That's better than Sysco.
Another update that has been a long time in the making! But since 7 of my reviews pop up when you type "slacker" into the search box (I was expecting more too!), I may as well make this #8 to state the reason. But this review is key, because I'm happy to jump up and rave about the biggest improvement that I have ever come across since revisiting a place!

Before I went to Sidecar I was instantly a fan. But then again any place that has held as many Zappa and Weyerbacher themed events as Sidecar has is instantly a friend of McThrill's! But when I went in to sample it during the moment that begat the review it hit some rough patches in service that left a horrible taste in my mouth despite the delicious food and Avery beer in my mouth. But despite that moment I knew that I was destined to comeback (the food and beer selection might even be worth braving zombies - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pao9v543K58). and ultimately I'm glad I did.

Overall the differences speak for themselves on this one. When I went on the first night I was totally skeeved out over the fact that I was directed towards a chalkboard behind me, completely away from my line of vision, and had another patrons skull blocking what little I was able to read! but during the last beer event I attended they had special beer lists made up for each table! The first time I went I was kind of down on how wobbly and uneven the table that we were sat at felt, and I even named it Rickety Cricket after my favorite It's Always Sunny character. But since then I saw that issue get immediate attention before we even sat down. The first time I came I was thrown off that it took 3 people to handle the basic server skills of one, even when it involved things like bringing the check and cashing out. But since that time I encountered a dynamo of a server on every occasion, who was one of the best I've encountered in this city. My only regret to this update other than slackerdom is that I forgot his name. So here's to next time!

The main thing that was amazing on both counts was the food and drink, even when the first time just offered fries and a chicken sandwich. But the other food occasion was a brunch that offered up more waffle varieties than most places, and an outstanding crab filled omelet. They also make a pretty awesome Bloody Mary that comes with a full stalk of celery and olives to boot!

Another reason why I need to update this is because when I hit up Kraftwork (an amazing place that I should *hopefully* get to reviewing before you can say slacker) with Felicia D. after working the Punk Rock Flea Market. Upon talking with him you could really tell that he was a stand up guy who knows the biz well, and  really tries to offer something that stands out to his patronage. And that was something else that needed to be noted.
Overall I'm middle ground on Sidecar. It definitely offered fantastic food and had a great assortment of alcohol and beer on tap (at least for that day). it was also quite huge and had a diverse mix of patrons. But the good of the place was significantly hampered by wonky service and some of the dim and dingy aesthetics of the bar. 

I've been curious about giving Sidecar a try forever, so when my dining partner and I decided to eat in South Philly after viewing Shakespeare's Land Of The Dead at Plays & Players it became our immediate destination. Upon arriving we found out that they were hosting Avery for Philly Beer Week and that all of their wonderful beers were on tap for the night, so that was another selling point. We walked in and pulled into the last available table only to find out that it was scratched up and movable in places that it shouldn't have been. It was so beat up and crippled that I affectionately dubbed it Rickety Cricket after my favorite It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia character. 

Upon being greeted by our server I asked her what was on tap for the day only to have her unceremoniously point to a chalkboard. Really? It's a special occasion where your hosting a craft brew and offering a selection of beers on tap that you don't typically serve and you can't even tell one person what they are? On top of that the chalkboard she pointed to was directly to the back left of me and their were two other patrons sitting directly in front of it. So in other words it was excruciatingly impossible for me to read! But I guess I'll just careen my neck directly into the back of someones skull so I can tell you what I'll have to drink. 

Finally my dining partner was barely able to catch a glimpse of the word Farmhouse so that's what we decided on. I ordered a Reuben which was perfectly mouth watering in all of it corned beef and Thousand Island glory. It also came with a perfect portion of fries and a good sized pickle. My dining partner really enjoyed her turkey burger and it had an equal portions of fries. We finished our plates and drained our glasses only to find that our server was MIA. after waiting a few minutes with empty plates on our table another bartender finally made his way around to take our drink order. When it came time for us to settle out our server was making her rounds, but she wasn't making them over to us, so it got to the point where we had to flag someone else down at the bar to settle out our tab. It's pretty lame when three different people have to help out with three basic steps of service. 

I want to say that I caught them on a bad day,and a busy one at that since it was Beer Week. And us sitting at Rickety Cricket was proof of how crowded it was. So I would be right on the money. But I went to Devil's Den (review coming later) and saw how a good bar executes good service on a packed Beer Week Day. And the majority of hang ups during service that Sidecar had were so basic that they were pretty inexcusable. I did see the potential in the place though. And I do like the sound of their brunch, and the Zappa theme dinners that they do with Lagunitas Brewing Co. So I might just be foolish enough to give them another try.
This is a very chill spot with great food that I don't get to enough.

I've been here a few times and I really like the atmosphere, the food and the drinks.  Now that I follow them on twitter, I get daily harassed by their feed that I'm supposed to "shut up and drink"  Tough love.

Recently I ate here for one of their Bitter Mondays.  It's a promotion they do where all bitter beers are 1 dollar off.  I didn't need such incentive but it was nice that it was there.  I had the arugula salad with fried goat cheese and the roasted turkey sandwich with brie and cranberry sauce.  Both items were delicious and prepared wonderfully.  I've also had their burger and while it tasted very very good, it was sort of impossible to eat because of the sheer size of it.

So a solid beer selection, good food and no bs.  That's what I want in a bar and that's why I'll return.
Might as well start my reviewing career off on a high note and review an establishment that I am most familiar with. It's in my hood, so why not. 

First off, I've probably ate here close to 50 times and each time it's been a mirror image of the time before. Consistency is major part of running a successful restaurant and they have it down to a science. The other thing they have down to a science is the ever-changing beer selection. Words may not do the beer selection justice, if your nervous, just ask, they'll help you figure out which one you'll like. It's just a beer list, relax. 

Appetizers are always the perfect start to a great meal and Sidecar knows what's up. The pretzel-crusted chicken fingers are an aged version of what you were used to as a kid, the accompanying honey mustard is a great compliment to the tender little fingers. The mussels in BACON broth is ridiculously good, they serve a spoon on the side of the bowl for a reason-might as well be a straw too. The "appetizer formally known as" is a little messy but full of flavor, loaded with god-knows-what and a whole bunch of crab meat on top of a plate of fries. They used to have mac and cheese fritters aka mac and cheese balls, deep-fried goodness with a side of crab compote, it was replaced by some sort of carbonara that I haven't tried yet; still disappointed they got rid of the former. The wings are almost perfect, too. 

The mains range from a vegetarian black bean burger to a bbq pulled pork dish served on jalapeño cornbread. The latter is a perfectly slow cooked pork shoulder, slathered in a carolina style bbq sauce, served on a piece of moist jalapeño corn bread and next to a fresh bowl of slaw. Pulled pork is one of my favorite dishes on the planet and I didn't think anyone did it like my mom, well, they do and maybe better. Sorry Mom. The black bean burger is very simple, but filled with flavor. The spicy mayo and the fresh salsa are proper additions that any vegetarian will appreciate. 

This is obviously a terse write up of a place that is deserving of a headline. The burger is awesome. The fish sandwich needs a better name to go with the flavor. Any dish either comes with fries or a salad or "a little of both". The specials are a kaleidoscope of fresh and unique dishes that give the Sidecar a reason to keep an eye on. 

In addition to great dinner, they also have a bangin' saturday and sunday brunch. From biscuits and gravy to build-your-own omelets and a bloody mary that will make the night before just a tad more tolerable. 

I didn't mention anything bad about service, don't worry about that, it's great. 

Try it. You'll thank me.
This is a great little place, right on the corner with outside seating and some awesome servers.  If you want something that is really tasty, try the Turkey Burger (they only offer it every now and again) it's so delicious.  

The menu is OK, but I give it the high rating because it's getting the Grad Hospital area some recognition!
I've been living in the Grad Hospital neighborhood for about a year and have wanted to stop by Sidecar for a while. Finally decided to make a reservation for a Thursday night at 7:15. One thing that I took notice of was the fact that they state they stick to strict time limits for tables.

We arrived a few minutes prior to our reservation and noticed a small group gathering outside of the restaraunt waiting for their tables. There was a sign outside which said to wait to check in, so we did so. The same sign also had a note about the strict table limits. It took a few minutes for someone to check us in and they let us know that our table was "almost ready". After waiting about 15 minutes past our reservation time, we were asked if we'd like to order drinks outside. Since our table was "almost ready" 15 minutes ago, we thought it would be better to wait until we got inside. We had to wait another 5-10 minutes before we were seated. I don't mind a short wait, but 25 minutes starts to push it, especially when you advertise these time limits being very important. Clearly, they are not. My preference would have been for the person checking us in to give us a more accurate representation of how long we would actually be waiting for our table. We came hungry... and this easily turned to hangry for me, especially because this was a cold night and our only option was to wait outside (away from heaters).

We were seated upstairs which had a very cozy feel. Our server was attentive and answered our menu related questions. We ordered everything at once, since we had a lot of time to wait and review the menu outside. I tried the "Sidecar on 22nd" cocktail and my boyfriend opted for the "Devil's Pocket" city wide. We shared the Mac & Cheese to start. It was delicious!

For our meals, I chose the Roasted Pork Shoulder and he got the Cheesesteak with fries. The portion sizes were very generous. My pork shoulder did have a few predominantly fatty pieces, but there was enough of the actual pork meat to fill me up. The cheesy polenta was really good. It was the perfect meal for a cold night. The fries are definitely as delicious as others have said, so I'm glad we checked out some yelp reviews before going.

I felt that the price point was very fair for the portions and service we received. We will definitely be back, and hope for a better experience with the check-in and wait time. Food was definitely worth the wait!
sidecar, what happened to you? you used to be beautiful, small, and filled with great music, awesome beers, and wonderful food. 

now you're bigger. meaner. and threatening to bring quizzo and things to my neighborhood watering hole. 

i've tried to sit and been shoo-ed away like i don't have money. invest in "reserved" signs. i've waited forever to get a refill. this used to not be the case.

to move from 5 stars to 2 is devastating, but since the business has changed, so should its review. it makes me SO sad.
If you're looking for the short version skip it.

Info:
I was in town for training and decided to stop here as I found it had great reviews on yelp.  I must say this one was a bust. 

Service:
I walked in and inform the host I was dining alone to which he quickly replied "I'm not sure we have availability for single tables". I quickly glanced around the dining room and noticed a couple of empty tables granted they were four tops BUT no one was waiting so I was a little perplexed. The host must have seen the disgust on my face and then he replied "I think I could fit you in the corner upstairs", something all customers want to hear...NOT. This pretty much set the tone for the remainder of the meal. The only please and thank you's were coming from me and not the waitstaff. 

Food:
I came here for the clam chowder gnocchi but they unfortunately were not serving that at this time. I went for the chicken fried chicken, eggs, and home fries. None of it had much flavor. The chicken breast was chewy and not flavorful. The home fries had a distinct taste of fish. It might be time to clean out the fryer folks. The eggs were cooked perfect.
I have spent a few very good times at the sidecar! Samantha is the best - primarily because she handles everyone's crazy behavior with grace. It would be very easy to get frustrated with everyone being generally obnoxious and the tight space that you have to carry drinks through - but she handles it all very well. I'll be honest that the fancy pants beers just don't do it for me - though they have my beloved young's double chocolate stout. This is a really cool place to go on a chilly night. I just wish there was more room in there, I always feel like I'm rubbing elbows with everyone in there - literally.
Great daily specials
A sneaky sports bar for sure
Hit 'em on Twitter!

Sidecar is the OG of Grad Hospital, and is almost always jammed with neighborhood folks. It's definitely the standard in the neighborhood for what a great bar should be, with a few small exceptions.

The vibe at Sidecar is that it's a great beer spot with great bar food and exceptional specials. They always have a good selection on draft, usually mixing it up between heavy ABV's and local brews. You'll always find something you like here, just not necessarily in 16 oz's. I wouldn't go here for any type of fancy cocktail, but they definitely know all the basics.

The regular menu is pretty decent. The carnitas are occasionally super, super spicy but really delicious always. The Mac and Cheese is a perfect finger food, and the margherita pizza is great for two. They always have seasonal food specials too, and I'd definitely suggest opting for whatever that is when you sit down to eat. If you go for brunch, definitely grab the special omelet, whatever it may be. It's probably huge, definitely delicious, and well worth the price.

The seating is kind of cramped when it's busy (and it usually is.) I prefer the high top tables along the Christian St. window, as they leave a little more elbow room. During the nicer months they have outdoor seating, which is pretty awesome for people and dog watching.

The one downside: This place is definitely a good vibe in which to watch sports, and the bartenders will ALWAYS have the game on, but there is one television, and it's hard to see from everywhere in the place. If you're posted up at the door it's hard to see what people are cheering for!

While the Sidecar may not be MY favorite place in the neighborhood, it has everything you could reasonably want on a weekend night. Good food, late night happy hour, rotating taps and a great vibe.
Grab the fries formerly-known-as-crab-fries.  WITH REAL CRAB.  So delicious, so spicy, so good.

High Gravity Nights are now a monthly occasion for sure - and not to be missed.  I still love the Sidecar.
This new version of Sidecar should create its own Yelp account to accurately depict its actual star rating - which is very low. The old Sidecar was a neighborhood gem and this new imposter is piggybacking on and sucking its reputation until there's nothing left. My previous updated review said that the breakfast was still great...well, that's no longer true. My group looked at the menu and couldn't find any of the items we used to love so we got up and left. Less options and they removed the various breakfast burritos which were the best part of the entire menu. So within the last year or so they've decided to just get rid of all the things that made this bar worth going to. 

This bar might continue getting customers who haven't experienced the original Sidecar, but it would soon go under if another decent bar opened up near by.
Very trendy! 

I found that while in Philly, most of the restaurants/bars are hidden in random buildings. They have small signs but the outside looks nothing like how it is on the inside. Don't judge a book by its cover when you're in Philadelphia! 

They played Gorillaz the entire time we were in here, which was fantastic because we came to Philly solely for the Gorillaz concert, which we went to the night before this restaurant. 

Their menu is sort of gourmet. Not for me, but if you're with someone who wants the option to order chicken fingers or a plain burger....don't come here. 

I personally LOVED it! Lots of beers, friendly atmosphere, great food. 

It's a little bit small but there's an upstairs and downstairs, so it wasn't too crazy. Definitely stop by!
This place has literally been on my "list" for OVER TEN YEARS and I finally made it here a few Saturdays ago for an early brunch.  Got a nice little seat outdoors and had a great meal.

I do want to return for dinner, but the brunch menu was pretty impressive.   I got an arugula and radicchio salad with a side of charred avocado toast.  BF got the Sunday Burger with fried egg/brown sugar ketchup.  All our food was great.  I was opting for light that day and ended up over-filling myself on that massive salad and super satisfying thick-cut perfectly charred avocado toast that came with its own side of homefries.  Can we talk about those homefries?  Amazing.  Ate them like a savage with my hands french fry style.

Drink specials are dope.  I ordered an Original Sin cider and the waitress said if I got it with a shot of tequila a la their citywide I could save a bit.  So when at Sidecar...

Super reasonable prices for the massive portions and overall delicious bar grub.
Now that I'm no longer dating the loser from my first review, I feel like I can give a slightly less emotionally biased review of the Sidecar.  I still love it.  In fact, I think I love it even more.

It can get crowded, but you can usually find a place, here. But, if it's anywhere near busy it will be loud. This place gets very loud. But, it's worth it.  The food is really good.  They also have a great beer selection that is constantly changing. To add to the appeal of the beer selection, it is a very relaxed and comfortable place at night to go and hang out with friends.
I've been to Sidecar a handful of times, none of which were at all displeasing.  It was my most recent trip, however, that really poked me someplace naughty (and by naughty, i mean nice).  

Brunch at Sidecar is AWESOME.  Here are the top 3 reasons I say this:  (1) your delicious cup of coffee comes on a little plate, atop a little napkin and right next to a little cookie.  Any place which gives me a cookie (for free!) without asking me is BOMB.  (2) The food was not only really, really good (I had a breakfast burrito), but there was PLENTY of it.  The entree came with awesome potatoes and a small amount of greens tossed in a small amount of vinegar-y joy.  (3) The mash-up of people that hang out here is not only unique, but it's also very engaging.  Never a dull moment!

The only issue that I can find with Sidecar is the space, or lack thereof.  It's always a tight squeeze.  We were essentially dining with complete strangers at brunch.  So, if you're a bit of an introvert, this might not be the spot for you.
Ah Sidecar...My new favorite beer spot. I go for happy hour when they run half price nacho's and carnita's. Neither are true to form Mexican, but both are decent adaptations and worth the $2.00 to $4.00. I like a little munch-munch when I'm sipping my great American microbrews. The only beer this bar serves is from the good ol' US of A. you get a few cool points for that. They have an great selection of micro brews from across the country and I believe they carry at least 1 cask beer. I love to make my bartender work for my tip. Beer from the cask also has its own special quality to it... My finace had the black bean burger and liked it. From what I hear the rest of their food is good too. 
3.5 stars for atmosphere, 3.5 stars for good pub food (not a gastropub) 4 stars for good beer menu. 3.75 total stars, but this time I'll round up. The bartender is a little sassy.. just the way I like it.
Used to go here weekly for the amazing happy hour deals, but since the new ownership, this place has flopped. Food is worse and now overpriced, there are no more happy hour deals, and the new staff is just rude. Sidecar was a graduate hospital staple, really sad to see it crash and burn like this. Won't be going back. 

For some insight:
Happy hour wing "deal" is now half portion of wings for half price. Not even a deal. 
Only food special is $5 cheese pizza, which would be a great deal if the pizza were good. 
Beers all went up $1-3 too. 

The time of sidecar is over! Time to move back to Ten Stone
We walked right in and were able to snag a table for 5 upstairs immediately on a Saturday night - score!  They let us have the table even though all the members of our party were not present.  I love this.   I really hate those restaurants that don't let you have your table until everyone arrives.

The service was great.  Our waiter was extremely attentive and knowledgable.  He had suggestions of his favorite dishes and drinks, which I love.  The table and seating itself was slightly awkward.  There is bench seating along with wall and it was out of whack - that is the only way I can describe it.   It is tilted downward toward the floor and it's too narrow.  I'm not big but it was barely big enough for me to sit on.  Also it is high and then the table is too low.  I switched to one of the seats on the other side and again, the chairs were too high and the table too low.  Maybe I'm the only one to notice this?

The food was great.  Our appetizers and entrees came out at the exact same time, which is not typically my preference.  I would have liked to have the appetizers first so that my entree didn't get cold while I ate the appetizer.  I had the gnocchi with mushroom entree special.  It was quite delicious.  Everyone from my table kept sneaking bites.  My goat cheese salad was very satisfying.  It came with 2 nice big pieces of fried goat cheese that were creamy on the inside.   I got the full (vs the half) size and it was extremely filling, just on its own.  I sampled the fried mac and cheese balls and they were super yummy.

Parking was surprisingly easy on a Saturday night and I'd definitely make the trek to try this place out again.
Came here for a birthday brunch for my friend (4 guys at brunch - doesn't get any manlier than that!). TBH we were pretty hungry that morning so we thought we could eat so much food...but we were pleasantly defeated. 

In addition to all our entrees, we also ordered a tall order of flapjacks (bananas, walnuts, and chocolate chips), which we could only finish a little less than half by the end of the meal because we were so full.

There are so many menu options that I was flip-flopping between them all...from their egg benedicts to their breakfast burritos. Eventually, I just ordered their mushroom dip sandwich with a side of homemade garlic sausage. That mushroom dip was the most delicious thing at the table. After that first bite I was hooked and couldn't get enough. To prove my point, each of my other friends took a bite of it and they all immediately regretted not ordering it themselves! If you're struggling to decide what to order, look no further because the mushroom dip is the way to go hands down!

I'd come back again just for that :)
I came here with a few friends for brunch and had a delicious meal! We made a reservation ahead of time to sit outside (which I was glad of since it was pretty crowded). 

I ordered the Seasonal Veggie Omelette (wild mushrooms, green garlic, savoy spinach, truffle goat cheese) which came with a small side of potatoes and a side mixed green salad). Everything was delicious, and the portion was massive, so I wasn't able to finish it all! 

My friend got the Caramelized Onion & Mushroom Flatbread (with spinach, ricotta, and truffle oil) which looked and smelled AMAZING.

I definitely plan to come back for dinner (they have a great selection of vegetarian + vegan options!) + drinks sometime, if I don't make it back for a second round of brunch before then.
Even though the last time I was there the waitress I had a was a complete moron I'm still going to give this place 5 stars.  The bartenders here are all really awesome.  They will get you super effed up.  It's a good time.  The high gravity night was a lot of fun and I'm looking forward to the next one.  They had a keg of Kentucky Breakfast Stout for it.  That alone is impressive and shows how awesome they are.  The draft and bottle list are always incredible.  They have hop slam in bottles which is almost next to impossible to find.  The best part about all of that is that it is cheap here.  The hop slam bottles I was speaking of are only $6.  I know it sounds like a lot, but it really isn't at all.  I suggest this bar to anyone that wants to have a good time, drink good beer, and not break the bank.
I haven't been here post covid, but we order delivery from here a few times a month.  

Pre covid we used to love coming here, sitting at the bar, eating some great food and having a nice drink.  It was very reasonable, and I felt lucky to live within walking distance.

Now we order delivery (yes we are lazy) and the food almost seems better.  The pizza is the best around!  

I can't wait for this all to be over so I can get back to my bar seat.
It's BACK! (But better than ever)

My Husband and I have lived in this neighborhood for five years (been coming to Eat here for almost 10) and sadly experienced the decline of Sidecar until the last two visits earlier this year were sooooo bad we swore it off forever, UNTIL we heard the Mike's BBQ crew was involved in the new ownership. We love Mike's and when the new menu came across our insta a few weeks ago we were so excited.

Tonight's visit for the grand reopening did not disappoint. I'm not embarrassed to say we arrived right at 4pm when the doors opened. Friendly staff. Terrific beer list!! I love & appreciate the diversity of options (pet peeve when a place has all IPAs) I had a great Sour and there were Lagers and Wheats and Tired Hands options for the IPAers. 

The food was fantastic. Detroit style pizza was really good even though I was skeptical. One pie could have easily fed 3 or 4 people. We also split a grilled cheese and tomato soup special and honestly we both said we'd come back just for that. Done perfectly and the soup was exceptional. 

The table behind us was raving about the Nashville hot chicken sandwich and the burger slider. That will be next on my list to try. 

We are Thankful the new owners seemed to have turned this place around for the better. So glad we have this local option again. 

Check it out!
Ugh... I hate leaving bad reviews but this place recently switched owners and is DEFINITELY having some growing pains.

I had been in the past and loved it before ownership changed, I'm hoping it gets back to that level. A group of 4 went for brunch and just had comically weird interactions with the staff from the beginning. There were four 2-person tables outside, with the first and third tables occupied, so my group of four politely asked one of the couples (who hadn't received their food yet) if we could have them slide over and push together the other two tables (they seemed super friendly and didn't mind at all, we ended up talking to them for most of the brunch and having a great time with them but that's another story). Anyways the staff there kind of scolded us and said we can't ask others to move? We were pretty polite about it and Philly is the city of brotherly love ya know??

Anyways, we ordered cocktails and one member of our party got a whiskey mint lemonade type drink (beaming lemonade) and another got a Chili Paloma - tequila chili powder jalapenos etc. They somehow combined both orders and one ended up with a jalapeno Jim Beam Lemonade and the other with mint tequila chili... creative I guess? The food was pretty good but there were too many little bumps in the road that made the whole process annoying... not being brought silverware, one person's burger came late (sounds like they forgot to put the order in). I honestly feel a tad guilty being so nit-picky but the quality of both the food and service has definitely dropped a lot since owners changed.

I'm holding out that this place will rise back up to it's prime, but for repeat customers just know that it isn't the Sidecar it used to be!
I've been here for brunch several times, dinner once and drinks (meaning beer) a few times as well. Any time of day, this is a great place to go. The food is spectacular-- especially the Huevos Racheros and the burrito with black beans and chipotle mayo. Egg dishes are served with potatoes and a side salad with a really nice vinaigrette. I usually pass on sweets for brunch but my friend assures me the french toast is excellent. The owner himself is usually behind the bar serving up food and pours a mean cup of coffee.

In the evenings/ nights this is a super bar if you're trying to just relax and have a couple of drinks and still want to have a conversation-- although I've never actually been there when a dj is spinning so who knows what happens then.  In my experience there seems to be a good mix of people and it's enough off the beaten path (for now) that there aren't annoying groups of frat boys or Jersey girls. There are also great beers on tap, including some local brews (stoudt's, dog fish head).
If you are looking for a great gastropub with decent prices and really delicious bar food, then this is your place! The scene is your typical bar scene with a little grunge (but the good kind in all the best ways!) This is the type of place where you want to go with a group of friends any day of the week to hang out/grab a drink/or even just have a really good burger!

With that, the draft selection is phenomenal, not an overwhelming amount but decent top notch choices over a great variety. I love it when I can find a Troegs Dreamweaver on tap! 

The food scene is great, I built my own burger and I have to say one of the best burgers in philly for a great price! We also ordered nachos and you have the option of chorizo or braised beef on top! So of course we asked for both! They were incredible, each layer of nachos had a different type of meat on them. It was not the typical all your chips on the bottom and then meat on top. Every chip you grabbed automatically had meat on them! My only wish is that it came with some red salsa and a container of it. They were a little dry with the overwhelming amount of meat! (But not disapproving of that!) 

Definitely will be back to venture out more of their appetizers. Unfortunately I got their at 6 PM which is when their happy hour ends. Did not realize that they had an early one, wish they could extend it to at least 6:30!
Am a real fan of this place. We stop in here for fairly regularly for a quick bite, and enjoy it every time. The clientele is diverse, as is the neighborhood...hipsters and regular folks alike. Burgers are great, the Bloody Mary's are delicious, and the service completely unpretentious. A great place.
We knew Sidecar was under new ownership, checked out the new brunch menu, and it actually had quite a few options that sounded good! Alas, the reviews about the changes at this beloved GradHo spot are all true. 

Food. My partner had the Daddy's Mojo sandwich. It was dry, didn't have cheese (as per the description), and was overall disappointing. I ordered the chorizo brunch pizza - specifically because it had "baked eggs" on it (I'm a strong believer that if it doesn't have eggs it's not brunch). It came out with clearly no eggs, I asked the server about it, he said "right, of course", picked it up & brought it into the kitchen. 2 minutes later brought it back and told me that the eggs were "mixed in"? Wha??? (Btw, there were clearly no eggs in that pizza.) Flavor was fine, but seriously? 

Service. See above - a waiter who doesn't know the food? Why pick up my pizza and bring it to the kitchen? My partner's drink (greyhound - although the bartender made it with tequila? again, wha???) sat on the bar for like 20 min (the waiter acknowledged he forgot about it). And we know that because my drink (the chili paloma) took FOREVER to come out - we watched the bartender make multiple bloody marys instead. 

Also, hostess, using your teeth to get the plastic off the top of a bottle of Heinz ketchup is NOT OK. Especially in front of guests. 

And the overall bro-ish culture is not our scene. The bartender both (a) high-fived a waiter with a loud "let's do this!" and (b) exclaimed at one point "DUDE, I just won't be able to deal if the Birds lose today." 

Last visit for us.
went here yesterday on a first date. sat outside. i never made it inside, so, i cant speak about that. the service was great. love outside seating anywhere. i had a burger with prov. it was good. not the greatest burger ever. had a couple glasses of wine. my date was happy with his food and the beer selections. next time i'll go in and check it out.
Sidecar has left me satisfied every single time. (Four times to be exact)

My first trip here was the night my boyfriend and I moved in together.
We asked the extremely attentive, and friendly server what he'd suggest- and he said the burger. Usually I'm hesitant because a good burger is life changing and a bad burger makes me yelp mean things. I am so glad that it's what I went with though. 

Our meal started with one of their incredible beer selections, and the wings. The wings were ok. I figured they weren't going to be Moriartys so it didn't even really matter. We wanted food immediately.
They were tasty and came out fast!

The burger was perfect. Juicy and perfectly seasoned, the cheddar was flavorful, the bun was soft but could stand up to the meat for certain.
Outstanding.

Brunches have all been solid too. Also, when you order coffee they give you a tiny cookie. Any place that pays attention to that kind of detail wins my heart and my stomach.
I've gone here a lot and have brought many friends here because of good experiences in the past. Unfortunately our most recent trip there for brunch was terrible. 

We arrived and were seated relatively quickly. Our server was very slow to get our drinks and then to get our orders, so it was already about 15-20 minutes into our brunch there without our orders in. From then on he never came back to check on whether we needed new beers or coffee, so we had to get up to track him down (its a small area upstairs and he had to pass by our table each time so I'm not sure why he didnt check in). This is over an hour and 20 minute period so it really stuck out that he was avoiding our table. 

This pattern of forgetting about us continued when about an hour and 15 minutes into the meal we still didn't have our basic breakfast food and tables who had come after us were receiving their food. To make matters worse we complained to the management, who then checked on the food, but never came back to tell us the status of whether our food would be coming or what had happened.

We finally receive our food after an hour and twenty minutes (this is brunch.....) and only then does our server address the delay saying he had put our table in after some others. If I was to guess, I dont think our food order went in at all until the first time we had brought up the issue to the manager. The server said he would pay for our drinks *personally* which was another perplexing thing as we certainly didnt want him to pay personally, just for management to make the situation right. 

We talked to management one more time and while they did cover the drinks for us, it didn't feel like enough for the overall terrible service we had received throughout our experience there. Our server made sure to tell us one more time he was paying for our drinks himself (which again wasnt true) and that he was sorry. We are too because we won't be going back after the whole experience.
I met my wife here, so this ranking pains me. But the menu is getting old. However, they also always have IPAs, which is rarity in Philadelphia, so for eating it gets a "Meh" but for beer it gets a "must visit."
Good food, standard service. It was as one would expect. 
The restaurant is known as a good date night or first date spot so at the very least you'll have great people watching. There is both indoor and outdoor seating (covered and with heaters) for whichever makes you comfortable. 
Food-wise, the Hot Chicken Sandwich had great flavor and spice with perfectly cooked fries. The Temph Bahn Mi was massive, both in size and flavor. The Fall Salad was rather disappointing- it's a massive salad with just way too much lettuce and the root vegetables on topped weren't cooked all the way through. 
Overall, decent place.
This place is great! Has a classy dive bar kinda feel and everything I've had is good!

Last night a friend and I split nachos, and we each got whiskey and cokes. The drinks were strong and the nachos came fully loaded with carnitas, beans, and tonsssss of cheese! Normally nachos are skimped out on cheese, but this place left them fully loaded. Also, the nachos came with this magical mango salsa and I felt like I could taste the rainbows between delicious globs of cheese and meats. And even though we split, I was stuffed at the end of it!

Good vibe, and a great neighborhood bar! I'll definitely be stopping by again.
This place has great food, great music, and great beer. And, you know, a hip young Asian client named Vichet. Who could ask for more?

You? Well cut that shit out.

I came in with 3 friends from Cornell, one being my roommate and the other two happening to be in town to visit. I ordered the chicken-fried chicken. Two words: tasty, tasty. 

The gravy was rich, creamy, and meaty without being too salty or overpowering. The home fries - crab-apple sized chunks of potato crispy-fried and spiced - were fantastic. Even my scrambled eggs, which, I mean, are really just eggs, were fluffy and ready to beat the record for ending up in my stomach. All this, for 11 bucks. Seriously. I need to go brunch more often.

Nothing breaks my brain like a comfort food filled Saturday brunch. They even had Ithaca beers available, so I indulged like I was still far above Cayuga's waters.

And James Brown, Marvin Gaye, and Al Green were crooning on the radio the whole time. Wonderful.

Will definitely come back.

Pro-tip:
I hear this place gets insanely busy on Sundays. So... nurse your Saturday morning hangover instead!
For drinks it is pretty cool. They have some nice beers, but I go for the $2 High-Lifes. 

The first few times we went we just looked at the menu, which looked really good, and snacked on fries, o-rings, and hush-puppies. I was really excited to come back when I had a bigger appetite.

We came back for breakfast and it really let me down. First we sat at the bar and we were all but ignored by the bartender.

The food took forever, it was a half hour easy. 

I had the steak and eggs. Small portion. $12.95. Maybe 6oz. of steak, 2 eggs, six or so pieces of potato, small bit of salad and no toast. What is the point of eating eggs if you don't have toast to eat the yolk?

My girl got a breakfast burrito. the eggs were burned. I can't believe she didn't send it back. I would have.

At the end the guy apologized for ignoring us but never asked how the food was.
Finally went to the Sidecar after its been listed on my "bookmarks" for months. Honestly, the icing in the cake that pushed me to sidecar faster than usual was due to the Diners Drive ins and Dives TV show, I saw an episode a few weeks ago with the Sidecar.  

I ordered the New England clam chowder gnocchi, which was the feature dish on DDD. Amazing! Just like Guy said :-) I also had a single car nitas which was presented beautifully on a small plate with spring mix lettuce, lime wedge, pickled onions, and crumbled cheese (goat?) loved every bite! 

Beer selection was ok today, but I know they rotate daily and the selection on tap for 2 days from now was killer dynamite compared to today. So catch it on a good day. They also do beer events, so check the website for that.

Lastly, the staff are sooo incredibly friendly!! We were greeted immediately upon arrival , sat at the bar, and was greeted again by the sweetest nicest bartender ever. She was great!  And very knowledgeable about the beer menu. Even the kitchen staff who served us our food were very sweet and totally accommodating when we asked them questions. 

Can't wait to come back!  I need to try mushroom dip sandwich, the zucchini, and the flatbread! Menu was insanely impressive. See you soon Sidecar!  Huge fan.
I've been to the Sidecar several times now, and the food never disappoints.  The only thing that is lacking is the service... it takes a little while to get your food, but if you're not in a big hurry the Mac and Cheese and Bean Burger are well worth the wait.   I can also recommend the wings, carnitas, nachos...  I have yet to have brunch there, but the menu looks fantastic.  During the warm months, they have seating outside.  It can get crowded inside, so get there early.
The bean burger is ridiculous.  Plus while we were there the Sixers came back from 13 down to win game 1 of the series.
Delicious beer.  Good atmosphere.  And the good probably ends there for me...

My experience with the food and service left a lot to be desired.  Being that I'm a big believer in letting owners know when I've had a bad experience (How can they fix what they don't know about??), I called and left him a message.  He got back to me super fast which was awesome and he seemed like a pretty cool dude and totally proud of his amazing food -- and I totally have a soft spot for Foodies.  

After honestly listening about my dissatisfaction with their ability to make items vegan or "to order," the shitty experience I had, and the way that the bartender talked to me about all of that, he apologized and told me that I'll need to be more prescriptive in my ordering in the future and sincerely asked me what I wanted him to do.  Don't hate me for saying this, but here's the typical man-woman argument.  I don't want to have to tell you HOW to make my burrito tasty or that you should buy me a drink to make up for it!  I want you to know!  So, I'm sorry, Sidecar.  We have to break up.  This just won't work right now because you just don't understand my needs.

Maybe we'll both be in a different place in some distant time in the future and we can try this whole thing again.  Just try not to break my heart next time.  (Because the way to my heart is totally through burritos and beer!)

Sensitivity Scale = -2
I don't make it to Southwest Center City very often. And by very often, I mean never. So, when the opportunity presented itself while venturing back from western PA, I decided Sidecar would be my first stop to grab some Sunday brunch.

Most of the indoor and outdoor tables were occupied but there were a few open seats at the bar as football played out of the overhead flat screen. I looked at the brunch menu and decided to build my own omelet with bacon, cheddar, mushrooms and caramelized onions. It also came with a side of hash brown potatoes and salad, of all things. I complimented the meal with something a little different; a Nectar Ales Red Nectar. The omelet was a great choice; huge, tasty and delicious. I would've preferred regular hash browns, but the potatoes were good. The salad...eh.

During my meal, I overheard a heated discussion between a patron and one of the waiters over an apparent issue with their "$10 minimum credit card" rule, which apparently was not discussed prior to her ordering a coffee. But the manager on duty patiently and professionally took care of the issue without incident.

Although I didn't get to see the upstairs part of the bar or try any of their other craft beers, I was very happy with my first experience at Sidecar. I can see why so many of my fellow Yelpers are regulars here.
Outdoor seating :)

This was my second time at the Sidecar Bar and once again I was happy with the experience. Unfortunately this time around I was unable to drink (which really sucked because everyone seemed to really enjoy the beers they had on tap that night), but the meal was still exceptional. BBQ pulled pork atop of a hefty corn muffin with a side salad seemed almost too good to be true for a small bar such as the Sidecar. Friends dined on brisket, fish tacos, a hamburger and a reuben (great variety), and there were no complaints from our table. Service was great (with the exception of the waitress that dropped a whole tray of glasses at the table next to us, shooting shards towards our ankles) and the prices are fair.

I heard something about the Sidecar owner wanting to expand and/or open new places. I think this is an excellent and prosperous idea. And he will definitely get more business out of me!
After passing it a million times on my bike ride into work, I finally made it here last night.

I was less than impressed by the lack of beer prices/descriptions.

Also, for being pegged as having a "hipster ambiance", their menu had about two or three vegetarian friendly meals. 

The straw that broke the camel's back was the rude, standoff-ish service. After waiting at our table for about 15 minutes, the server finally took our drink order. When our drinks arrived, the server did a poor job disguising his annoyance with us when we informed him we were still deciding whether we wanted to order food or not. We agreed on some small plates, but the server didn't come back to tend on us until we had completely finished our beverages (including our waters and this process took about 30 minutes since were involved in some heated discussions). By this point, though, were we so underwhelmed by our service that we decided against ordering food and ventured up to Grace Tavern, where our lack of service was made up for tenfold.

I'll probably be back to try their brunch out, and I hope I won't be disappointed again.
went on a sunday night a while ago with my uncle to pick up some burgers and bring them back home(few blocks away) for his us and his wife. we get there and ignored by the bartender(african american guy) for a solid 10-15 mins. When he finally does acknowlege us, we order two beers and he comes back with ONE. we tried to get his attention but he ignored us as long as he could until we finally made him aware he forgot the other beer. then we tell him about our food order. so we wait. and we wait. and wait some more. finally, after almost AN HOUR, the food comes. finally we can get out of there and bring back the sandwhiches so we can eat. wrong. the order was messed up. to save whosever reading this the agony of continuing this story, lets just say we finally made it home with the cold burgers where his wife had fell asleep already, hungry. 

TERRIBLE SERVICE

food- not too bad. i actually had the pulled pork, which was good. uncle said the burger was okay
my first experience here...
Definitely liked the vibe/atmosphere. It was really crowded for a wednesday night so you know  the place has to be good. 
I had a Pumkin ale, my 1st one ever, and I think I found my new beer love. To eat I ordered the angus burger with cheddar, bacon and mushrooms which cooked just right (medium) juicy, flavorful and huge

definitely will be back here
I was not impressed by this place. We ordered a couple of apps (pretzel crusted chicken bite, roasted pork flatbread) and found them just so so and not worth the price. Draft list is limited. Service was almost non-existent. Given the numerous craft beer and good food options in Philly I would not come back here
This place is going DOWNHILL! Used to love it until new management...
- menu has nothing unique... just pub food served on nicer plates... no more special burgers, slow cooked pork...
- quantity and quality are below average
- the nachos used to fill 4 adults easy, but now can barely feed 1 person

This has changed from being a go to spot in the neighborhood to sadness every time I walk by. Bring the old chefs back!!!
I love Side Carrrrrr. It has a really great casual neighborhood vibe and they welcome tiny diners as well as dogs. They have a bar on each floor as well as patio seating in the warmer months. The staff is all very friendly and knowledgable about the menu and drafts. 

The menu is small but creative. I love the mushroom melt which consists of mushrooms and buttery goodness. They have happy hour deals where select plates are $7 which is awesome. 

Truffle mayo? Yes please. 

Excellent choice of drafts and a list of what's coming next on the draft list. If you're into pickle backs, they offer three different kinds which Make for an interesting evening. Additionally, the cocktails are delicious! I love the drink with grapefruit soda, spicy simple and tequila. Gimme!!!
Best breakfast everrrrr!!!! Everyone at my table ordered a different egg something or other and they all came out so tasty looking we were all sharing. Plus the coolest waiter ever - Jon - works here. He gave us great service and did a beautiful job designing the menu. The outdoor seating was killer and I have sidecar to thank for a perfect Sunday brunch.

see my photos : http://www.flickr.com/photos/nicoledawn/480389581/
Really nice beer list and one of the few places in the city that has its kitchen open late. I ordered a roast pork sandwich there that ended up not being that great but the friend I went with really enjoyed her pretzel-crusted fried chicken tender meal. The staff are friendly and able.
I give Sidecar a 4-star rating, mostly for being located near my house and not being a sketchy place to set foot into.  As far as food/service is concerned, it's hit or miss.  This place to me, is first and foremost a grill, then a bar.  

I expected something more divey and dark when I first visited and was pleasantly surprised to find that the interior was clean and welcoming.  It was a weeknight and it was filled with diners enjoying their meals.  I was just looking to have a few cheap beers, but looked at the menu anyway, as I always do.

The menu looked really delicious and I was really excited to return to try out some of their food.  I ended up getting fries and onion rings and was quite pleased when a heaping mound of both was placed in front of me.

I returned for brunch one day, excited by their menu offerings.  I ordered one of their breakfast burritos and a bloody mary.  The bloody mary hit the spot, but when my food arrived (30 minutes later, no less) I found my eggs to be burned, and my food generally under-seasoned.  I would've returned my burnt eggs, but feared having to wait another ridiculous amount of time before getting them right.   The service was slow, our server never checked back to see how things were, and the food was mediocre. I was very disappointed, as I was really hoping it would be good. 

In closing, I love the nighborhood feel of this place and will happily return for beers and conversation in a bar with a reasonable noise level, but I think I'll be sticking with fries and rings from now on.
This is a neighborhood favorite in the Graduate Hospital area. It's a cozy spot and it has two floors. I usually come for brunch and the  food is always excellent. One of my favorites is the crabby beny. The menu is creative and often had specials that are outside of the box.

The service is always good even when it's busy (which is always during brunch). Their black bean burger is da bomb. I'm not a vegetarian but this and the Ruben are my two favorite sandwiches. Their Bloody Mary is the best in the city. One of my only qualms is that they only serve brunch at brunch. I really do wish that they would expand the menu to.
The only reason it's not getting five stars is the location. Walking home from there at 2 am is not always the best idea. But the food. Oh my god the food.

Let me consult my obnoxious thesaurus...
Black bean burger and fries - outstanding, perfect kick of heat, fries are crispy and addictive; my favorite meal
Chicken wings - spicy, messy and delicious
Chorizo Nachos - amazing
Empanadas - crisp and flavorful
Turkey burger - moist and scrumptious
etc. etc. - perfection

Bartenders are attentive and patient. And the owner is always friendly with a hint of sarcasm. 

I will say, I went for brunch once and wasn't impressed but I refuse to give them less than 4 stars. Seriously, some of the best bar food in Philly.
12 dollar breakfast???
Sidecar is a a fine example of this neighborhood's gentrification.  Such a pity
Our go to spot. Always good food, great friendly service and good beers on tap. You ant go wrong withy the juicy pork nachos! Yummy!

This place really does everything right.  It's a love at first and last bite.
The hostess was a total snob, wish I got her name. She looked at my friends and I like we weren't supposed to be eating there or something.
But anyway, our waitress was pretty nice and the food was absolutely amazing but took way too long to get to our table then getting the check took another hour. 
Also, everyone is so close together and it's extremely too dark. The prices are pretty up there but I think it's worth it because the food was really good. 
I guess I'd try it again sometime and see what happens.
The following account took place two Sundays ago. Brunch O'Clock had already passed, and my gf and I were in the Graduate Hospital area- generally undiscovered territory for us as far as dining goes. Sidecar was literally one block away from our friend's apt, so we decided it was as good a shot as anywhere else.

Even though the crowd is starting to spill out into the sidewalks, we were able to sit immediately at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and were good at keeping our coffees refilled throughout. (The coffee, btw, is EXCELLENT)

The food took a while to reach us (it was more the Linner than Brunch at that point), but they more than made up for it with an apology and free drinks. It was too early for me to take advantage of this offer, but I could already tell this place was worth revisiting because of the unique selection of beers on tap and in the fridge.

I got the Huevos Rancheros (aka the best food for a hangover, ever), and can report that i ate every last scrap off my plate. Satisfying to the last bite. So much that i wish I had some in front of me this instant.
If you last visited prior to November 2019, you need to try it again. New management took over and totally revamped the menu, and it is amazing.

I love being able to get a solid meal and excellent drinks at the same time. Lots of local beers on tap. The food is better than at most restaurants.

This is worth mentioning but they serve what is possibly the best fried chicken sandwich in town. We also liked the shrimp and grits, the pork belly mac & cheese, and the s'more pancakes.

They have a Saturday and Sunday brunch menu, and a dinner menu. We came on Sunday for brunch with our kids, and we were well accommodated.
The food is good, but the music is pretty iffy. I've gone in to the hipster haunt expecting some really good jams, but it's often cruddy hip hop. The food is pretty good but a little overpriced unless you get it on special. Brunch is really top notch on the sidewalk.
i'm starting to wonder if i base my reviews primarily on how i'm treated at an establishment.  there was a time in my life when only the food or drink mattered.  mind you, it still matters. but, boy, when you treat a lady nice....well.....you get a kick-ass review on Yelp.  am i right, ladies?!

ok, so i'll dig deeper into my distinguished old-lady reaction and give you more reasons why i like this place:

- they have arguably the best pulled pork sandwich in town.  i mean, my roommate was having a bad day, and i suggested that we go to Sidecar for dinner.  i don't know if i've ever seen her eyes light up the way they did as she was undoubtedly devouring this sandwich in her mind.  

- very saucy and reasonably priced Reuben sandwich.  i like my reubens with both, thank you (Jones, take note)

- eclectic clientele.  while some customers may get on my nerves more than others (screeching ladies), i appreciate the diversity.  i believe even my brother, who hails from the outskirts of Beverly Hills and was scared for his life when he set foot in my West Philly neighborhood, appreciated this.  the for-real cowboy, whom i see every time...day or night...is the icing on the diversity cake.

- an incredible New Orleans style brunch.  i can't remember the name of my dish, but it had poached eggs atop shrimp and sausage swimming in cheesy grits.  i call it poachy, shrimpy, gritty stew.

and finally...
- good beer, good specials, GREAT STAFF.

(can i give them 8 stars, Yelp?  no? why not?! oh, because 5 is the limit?  i don't understand this. in my day, we could give how ever many stars we wanted....i remember as a girl on the farm.....)
Excellent service and main menu. Brunch ROCKS!  Great bloody marys, chorizo gravy, Belgian waffles, and huevos rancheros. On regular menu, Its all good, including  salads, nachos, carnitas, burgers, and chx fingers. Flatbread of the day is consistently great! Many vegetarian options.  And, OH, the beer choices.  Throw in great staff and service and I could call it home!
I got a lot of things from my Dad - his sense of humor, his eyebrows (ew) and his love of appetizers and beer, so when he wants to dinner with me in the city, it's code for "Let's find a new bar where we can drink...and oh yeah, order some crafty food, too." In celebration of the nice weather this week, we decided to check out Sidecar, and I gotta say, it did me a solid. 

My date (ugh, ok, my father) was running late so I waited at the bar and had a beer while he was stuck in traffic on 76. Nice bar, nice service, excellent beer selection - both on tap and in bottles. There's a slight hipster vibe going on, but there was also a great mix of people eating - families, couples, dudes in suits, me wearing God knows what. Really good atmosphere. The bartender was a little more interested in chatting with her friend than making sure I was doing okay, but it wasn't too serious. People have friends, I get it. 

Eventually Dad arrived and we were quickly seated outside, which always makes things better. Really attentive service out there, from both our waitress and the busboys - my glass was never empty, which was great, considering I wasn't picking up the tab. As far as the food goes, it was right up our alley (get it...car...alley...crickets). We ordered some sort of Mexican-y salad to start, the veggie Shepherd's pie, and the fish tacos - and honestly, all were awesome. Salad had the perfect amount of dressing, the sweet potato crust on the pie was creepily good, and the tacos were fresh and well, just really good. Again, I'm always on the lookout for places that don't make vegetarians/pescatarians feel like boring plant eaters or weirdos, and Sidecar definitely achieved the goal. 

Sidecar, I'll be back. Don't imagine me saying that like Arnold - I meant it more like "I love to drink and eat and I like this place and I'll definitely return, woo!"
This place is a really solid hangout spot for people in the graduate hospital area. If I lived there (and I really wish I did) I would definitely make this a go to spot for good prices on beers and some good sides/appetizers. 

I kind of liked the darkness of the inside, but then again I'm a weirdo. 

The food is okay. We had pretty good nachos here, but the cheese could have been melted and not in half-melted clumps, but otherwise it was pretty tasty. The burger I had was...not that good. I'm glad I got it with bacon otherwise I would have sent it back. It made me regret choosing it over the pulled pork. I took a few nibbles off my friends plate and I will definitely be back to get that. Yum.

Half off all pork (but not the bacon cheeseburger cause the bacon is not a main...though we did ask) menu items on Sunday. So Sunday it is.
Oh yeah!! Sidecar Bar is riding high on my favorites list! The burgers are great and its mere blocks from my house!! I took my friend from Jersey to Sidecar and he instantly fell in love! He's not a beer guy so he couldn't enjoy their eclectic and satisfying beer selection, but he really enjoyed the food! Two days straight we went for late lunch after a great bike ride. Their burgers are like the burgers you see in movies that look so delicious that you run to the nearest burger joint to get a bite!! no need to run, Sidecar Bar is 4 blocks from my house and I am so happy about that! I am a Ji-Normus FAN OF SIDECAR BAR!!!
I agree with Lori H. The food sucks, but I still adore Adam ;)

Go to the sidecar for drinks.
If you are looking for a spot to grab a delicious original bite to eat, and wash it down with a craft beer, this is your place.  Their burgers are large and delicious, the fried oyster po'boy is one of the best  sandwiches I have ever had.  The mussels and fish tacos are also good if you are looking for something not quite as heavy.  A side that you have to try if you don't want a full meal is the jalapeno cornbread.  

Sunday is half off pork menu items, which can be a really cheap meal.  I saw someone order the pulled pork over the jalapeno cornbread, and was instantly jealous that I wasn't the one who ordered it.

They are open for brunch on the weekends, with a menu that is similar  to their usual menu, but adds some more brunchy items.

If you are there to drink for the night, you need to get a table or seat at the bar, or you will be in the way of the severs the whole time.  They have an extensive beer list and full bar, with a good selection of beers on draft.

The crowd is a good reflection of the neighborhood, and is as diverse as it gets, but is still a very relaxed atmosphere.  Outdoor seating when the weather permits is a decent bonus, with the ability to seat around 20 people outside.

I am happy to say The Sidecar is my neighborhood bar.
One of my favorite spots and although I do not live really close, I always try to find times to go here. I love their food, everything is delicious, they have great happy hour specials, and it's cozy inside and out!

Can't beat the fact that you can go with a large group and get seating outside on nice days!

It's good for lunch, brunch, dinner and late night. I always enjoy my visits here.

Looking forward to seeing what they do with the expansion.
Came here on a "Pork Me Sunday" which means specials on all the pork offerings.  BBQ pulled pork was good.  Carnitas was good too.  Neither blew me away but it's just solid comfort food.  Food is good, not amazing.

Great beer selection.

Excellent service.
Good music.
It's pretty busy but it's a comfortable place.
I went here to meet a boy for drinks, I think I liked it better this time(and not just because I was meeting a boy for drinks).  It was later in the night on a Wednesday, not too crowded.  I really liked sitting at the bar, and the bartender was super attentive in the short time I was actually there.  I don't dig the wicked loud tv's, not my favorite thing.  The beer selection is good, and decently priced.  My friend also says that there is a pretty bangin' brunch, I will have to find this out for myself.

Sidecar, you are growing on me.
In a word, Side Car is simply inconsistent.  While they do have some solid options on the menu (I recommend the carnitas in particular), others, like the burgers, are passable but nothing to get excited about.  I've never really understood the hype about this place, although I will give them credit for being one of the first  restaurants to move in south of South.

If you are looking for a spot that is often very crowded and noisy with decent bar food, than this could be the place for you.  But if you want to have a conversation with your friends and enjoy some serious culinary skills, there are other spots in the Grad Hospital neighborhood that are probably a better option at a similar price point.

During the Summer, the outdoor seating is a great reprieve from the roar inside, and I believe they are working on expanding to the second floor, which will hopefully provide more room and a somewhat less raucous experience.

The service is also varies across a wide spectrum, with a couple wait staff who are borderline rude and very slow to serve you, while others are very friendly and attentive.
"Four stars. Could have been five stars."

We walked in during a busy moment on the second afternoon of Beer Week and the last open table in The Sidecar was ours. Hooray! We sat on the outer half of the table. We ordered our drinks from our fast and friendly server were instructed by the woman who seemed to be running the show to scoot in to the inner table, "in case another two top comes in." We moved in but after a few minutes, I deemed this request inappropriate. Why couldn't the new party sit on the inside table? Annoying. Within ten minutes, several other "two tops" cleared out, rendering our move worthless. I didn't move back to the outer table out of spite. This is my one and only complaint about my experience at The Sidecar.

I ordered the Mushroom Dip, which was a mushroom puree with gruyere on toast, with a mushroom "au jus" and hot tasty french fries and a diet coke. I didn't know what to expect, but the mushroom mush that held the sandwich together was flavorful and HOT (temp-wise). It filled my tum tum with shroomy glee. Too bad they weren't psychedelic mushrooms!

We decided on Sidecar because my boyfriend (henceforth known as "Mike") wanted a cheeseburger, but a little atmosphere, which is why we didn't go to Sketch. The burger was good, although it was ordered medium and came out a little too well - but still, it was very good. Perhaps it wasn't quite up to Sketch's quality, but good luck achieving that, restaurants that aren't Sketch. The atmosphere at Sidecar made up for it, though. And the fries were delicious. 

Oh, and when we left, we returned to my car to find someone double parked directly beside me, when there was a giant open spot on the street, one car ahead of me. WHAT? I thought it was a woman I just saw loading her groceries into her house, since the hazard blinkers were on - I thought maybe it could be a quick run inside. But evidently not. After five to seven minutes of honking my horn and yelling for someone to move their car, a nerd in glasses and a CitySports t-shirt came out, like he just woke up from a nap. "Oh, sorry, I didn't know you guys were in there. I apologize." He moved and we held our tongues, but still an ignorant move. Find a spot and walk, nerd.

I would like to return to Sidecar someday. They have several veggie options, which is always appreciated, and several interesting appetizer/small plates that I'd like to try. Their menu online says they had, at some point, a veggie sloppy joe, which is always a major selling point for me. They should bring that back. ;)

Four solid stars - but could have been five!
Yeah, this place sucks my dill hole.  Please to ignore my previous review.

Babygirl, I got love for you.  You're my kind of place.  The lady bartender had tats all over her hands and I kind of just wanted to give her a kiss for reminding me of SF.  It ain't no Zeitgeist, but the bloody mary reminded me of happier times.  Also, the breakfast potatoes kind of kicked ass!  That's what I'm talking about.

The chorizo breakfast sandwich could use some help.  It needs some kind of condiment on there to really make it pop, but that said it was still alright.  And I was digging on the obscure oldies that folks seemed to be singing right along to.  On a Sunday morning, of all things.  Major props.

It still isn't a real dive and I wish it could be grodier with a little bit of an endearingly shitty attitude, but I guess those just aren't that easy to come by here.  I'll take what they're dishing up in the meantime.

Oh, I should also mention that I am literally dying for their black bean burgers.  During a recent drunken brainstorming session I decided that black bean burgers are going to be the next great thing in hipster dining, and I love that they are way ahead of me!
I wandered over to sidecar on a gorgeous Sunday evening  for some apps and drinks and scored a table outside. What impressed me right away was how attentive and chill the servers were despite being severely understaffed for such a big crowd (inside tables were full too).  Our table was wobbly and our server fixed it before we could even bring it to her attention. She then recommended a few apps and beers and gave us some time to review the eclectic menu.  It was "Pork Me Sunday" so all pork dishes were half off. We decided to try the Braised Pork Nachos and the "Appetizer Formerly Known As" which was essentially "Crab meat in a spicy imperial sauce over fries". I was in the mood for something summery so I ordered a margarita which was delicious and made with fresh squeezed lime juice. My boy ordered a wheat beer which was recommended by our server.

The nachos weren't your typical nachos and should have had more pork on them as it was "Pork Me Sunday". The fries were yummy but I think I ate too many because my tummy wasn't feeling so hot after we left.  Overall I would certainly come back and try their dinner options and I've heard Sidecar does a mean brunch.

Also, I did check out the inside and was very impressed by the vibes I got...especially with the upstairs. Definitely a great spot to meet friends for a drink! Their beer selection was impressive and there is something for everyone.
Just need to start off by saying that the bloody mary's here are amazing!  That's it...JK JK!  The place is great!  It's a small bar and they won't seat you until your complete party is in the door.  The "the other two are walking up the street right now" excuse just does not work here.  We came during brunch hours and the one thing that was disappointing was that you could only order from the brunch menu.  No lunch, no dinner, just brunch.  

Everyone did enjoy their meal.  I got the Autumn Salad which was just delicious.  My favorite of the table was the black bean burger with cheddar, salsa, and chipotle mayo.  I may even consider becoming a vegetarian it was so good.  I'll give them the full 5 stars when they decide to open up the lunch menu during brunch hours.  We were there at 1pm and our table actually contemplated on going somewhere else because of it.
