I loved my weekday brunch at The Dutch. Everything from the food to service was great. The interior is nice but there are also several tables outside, which is where we decided to dine. 

The menu is short and sweet but very well-rounded. I loved that there were several options for breakfast meats. I ordered the eggs, meat, bread, potato plate and asked to sub a side salad for bread, which was not a problem. I selected the turkey bacon as my meat and it had great flavor. I loved the seasoned potatoes as well. My dining companion had the banana pancakes which looked heavenly. 

Our servers kept our coffee and water glasses full and were very sweet. Great experience and I'm looking forward to my next visit.
There is a simple reason almost all the reviews for The Dutch on S. 4th Street are 5 Star. They deserve every star they get! 

I am not a regular part of the weekend breakfast/brunch scene in Philly, but given a reason to be in the Pennsport neighborhood early on a Saturday morning, I willing partake of this lovely cottage industry.  The small corner shop is bright and airy, even on an overcast day.  Pale and deeper blues offset the whitewashed walls, giving the feel of happiness and cleanliness.  There are two levels.  Dining room in the front of the house with around 10 small wood top tables, and a step up in the rear with a traditional counter and semi-open kitchen.  The owners are very hands on, supervising, serving, cashiering and hosting.  The "Double Wilkum" hex suits the personality of this place. 

We walked in around 8:30 to a half full room.  We were shown to one of the small deuces toward the back of the dining area, and had a fresh large cup of java steaming my glasses in less than a minute.  The menu is short and sweet.  But, don't be misled by its list of offerings that look like any other hash house.  Hidden within the deceptively simply names are the creative energies of these "Dutchmen."  

My Huevos Rancheros was not very South of the Border, but certainly tipped their sombrero in homage to the venerable dish.  Rather than tortillas, upon a base of Corn Meal Waffle were placed a shiny Sunny Side Up Egg, melted Cheese,  Fresh Tomato Salsa, Guacamole, Black Beans and well grilled and pressed thick cut Bacon; covered in mild Hollandaise.  Pretty as a picture on the plate, the assemblage had a great taste, if not overwhelmingly Mexi heat.  I never thought of corn and waffles in the same breath, but it worked like a charm.  It held all the component parts together, and sent the meal in an unexpected direction.  

My companion's Ham & Eggs with 3 Over Easys, interestingly delicious Hash Browns, and thick sliced Marble Rye, was devoured with little offered to me to taste.  I did manage a couple of sly bites when she went to the WC, and understood why she was not in a particularly sharing mood.  

This neighborhood is gentrifying, but still maintains its authentic South Philly personality.  On a less muggy day, sitting at the sidewalk tables would be a nice way to watch this part of the world go by.
I would like to state before giving this review that I am not one to complain about expensive meals or jacked up prices for brunch in the city so long as it's good, quality food. I know what I am getting into when I walk in a place where most of the waitstaff have man buns or artfully ripped t-shirts. 

    That being said, I went to the Dutch with my husband this morning and it kind of blew my mind, but not in that good way, more like that "did I just pay $50 for that hot mess" kind of way. 
    First we went in and were basically sitting on top of people. It was so hot that I was sweating, and I am not really a "sweater". We got these half filled coffee cups and before I could get two sips in, the waitress asked if we wanted more. My husband and I both said yes, excited for a full cup of coffee (there will be more on this later). We got our food quickly which was nice, but I could see why since there was barely any food on the plate. 
My husband ordered the chipped beef waffle which was $11. It was one waffle that was soggy - not that nice crispy exterior you want on your waffle. This means a few things: 1. there is not enough butter/fat in the mix 2. your iron is not hot enough 3. the cook did not leave it in there long enough. For $11 get it right. There was a good amount of white, creamy sauce on top but again, this type of sauce is pretty much the cheapest thing to make in the breakfast world. There better be a good amount of meaty goodness for $11. Shock! There was nothing more than a whisper of meat.
     I got the sweat dutch baby with fruit on top for $14.  I have never had a dutch baby so this might just be what they are like but mine was a thick, gummy pancake that kind of tasted like sweet eggs. I got exactly three berries on top which works out to $1 a berry. I took two bites and just left it. We get the check and it was $45 bucks - $6 of coffee because they charge for refills. Here it is.....mind blown!!!!! How do you fill a cup half way and then charge me for another cup of coffee just to fill it? How do you charge me $1 for one berry?

Now I realize that maybe we just ordered their menu "weakest players" or that we just happened to get a cook who was lazy in that one moment or that the place is busy so it might be hot. However, every time I walk into Sabrina's it is very busy and I am not hot. Every time I saunter into Cafe Maude I pay about this much and leave stuffed. Every time I venture into Morning Glory I get full cups of coffee. This Dutch needs to get it together, especially with such great brunch places in the city.                                To reply to the ego driven, petty response by the owner: the charge was two $6 cups of coffee totaling $12. If I was mischarged, then that's another problem.  I wouldn't call out my one type-o when you don't even know how to use an apostrophe. To answer your question there was also a big 4 berries within my Dutch baby - still abysmally paltry considering the price. Finally, you are in a service business, check your overblown ego and consider my comments as constructive feedback and improve your product. P.s. Give me a break with your " we like our waffles soft". They are just poorly made.
I've heard The Dutch described as "the cutest restaurant in Pennsport"  I'm not sure who came up with that distinction but I'm inclined to agree.  The space is bright and playful (even on the dreary day that I visited) and the food is unexpected.

When my grilled veggie omelette arrived at the table I was surprised to see a more casual presentation that I imagined.  This is in no way a bad thing but it piqued my interest because it was unlike what you see from other Philadelphia brunch places.  The omelette appeared with the veggies and some of the goat cheese somewhat spilling out, potatoes haphazardly pushed up against it and toast off to the right just lopped on there.  Most places are trying to make every plate appear like a piece of art and maybe The Dutch is just keeping it friendly and simple.

My omelette was awesome.  It was light, fluffy with a healthy lemon flavor running throughout it.  While it appeared to be a large serving, I was happy to not be overly full on finishing my meal.  Even the potatoes had that nice browning on them and a subtle sweetness.  I was a big fan of the house made jam that I used liberally on my rye toast.

The menu isn't huge and I prefer it that way.  I think it lets the kitchen really focus and nail the complexities involved in their chosen dishes.  I plan on returning to the dutch many times to try more of their offerings.
We stumbled upon this quant little place while we were in the neighborhood, now we have a new favorite breakfast joint to add to our list! Ok, so make sure you come early and on an off day like a weekday morning because this place can get SLAMMED! Rightfully so, it's super yummy. Oh, and be ready to tippy toe around because it's tiny inside and you'll often find yourself trying not to intrude on the personal space of the person sitting super close to you. 

Other than that, get ready for some amazing food. I had pancakes with powdered sugar and blueberries because my inner fat child was screaming to feed her something tasty! I HIGHLY suggest the apple cider, it will easily be the BEST you've ever had. I should know, I'd like to consider myself a snob in the apple cider department:) 

Btw, every single dish we saw come out of the kitchen looked delicious. We'll be back this week (early of course) to soothe our inner child's desires!
If you haven't been to The Dutch yet, make sure you do. Why? You ask. Because the Dutch is awesome, and you'll want to try a little bit of everything. 
I had hearty meal. Scallion waffle and chipped beef, side of huge pancake and another side of scrambled egg. Great service and reasonable prices. Need I say more?

Four and Half Yelps
Excellent savory waffle with creamed chipped beef! Great service and atmosphere in quaint neighborhood.
Wow what a great place to have breakfast. 

We are from out of town and wanted to just walk somewhere to have breakfast. We stumbled along this place on a snowy morning. (Just kidding no stumbling haha I am a Yelper! Ain't no stumbling into anywhere.) it is a very small restaurant you can probably fit about 20 people in there and have a large party? forget about it. 

The waitress was very helpful and seated us right away. It was a Monday morning so I'm sure they get busy on weekends. Decided to get the savory scallion waffle, was a little skeptical but the picture had be curious. That gravy they put on top of that waffle was to DIE FOR! It was so good! The waffle was so fluffy and moist! Everything about it was so good. The first bite, I couldn't even speak I didn't know to describe its amazingness!

Great breakfast!
Super delicious food! It was so hard to pick from the menu and the daily specials. I really had a hard time not getting the chocolate pancakes with pecans. Instead I went with the mushroom omlet. I was in the mood for about and I'm a sucker for anything truffle.  It was amazing. The place is really cute and chill. It feels cheery inside and the staff just adds to the pleasant experience. It was definitely worth the uber. If go back in a heartbeat.
I visited The Dutch last month for a Tuesday brunch with Sari A. It was my birthday and there was a full lineup of festivities ahead, so I wanted a hearty base to start the day. The Dutch turned out to be an excellent, low-key choice.

When we walked in, the small room was fairly empty and we sat right down. It was a Tuesday, after all. We both started with cups of water and coffee...as well as some beer since they are BYO. Our small table looked fairly silly with all the liquids on it but whatever, it was great.

For my meal I ordered the savory dutch baby (oven-baked pancake with sausage) and a side of one scrambled egg. While delicious, I filled up surprisingly fast and had to leave some of the  pancake behind. The egg was worth it though!

Everything at The Dutch is fairly minimialistic but the vibe is welcoming and the service was great. I'd definitely return for another meal in the future.
My mom, my son, and I came here last Friday based on the Yelp reviews. 

This one will be basic and straightforward. 

Mom enjoyed her salad. I liked my chicken salad club a lot. My son barely touched his waffle but he's 4 and becoming a pain in the ass. 

What kept it from 5 stars? 

For $14, I think the club should have a little more meat. I also think it should have chips instead of a salad on the side. 

But don't listen to me. I'm a soon-to-be-middle-aged suburban guy who eats at diners a lot. 

In the end I appreciated the quality here even if I didn't think it was perfect.
I hate to write reviews like this because, looking at the other write-ups, not only do I find myself in the minority, it seems like I'm being overly picky just to be so - that's really not the case.

With Noord being one of our favorite restaurants in Philly, we were looking forward to having the Chef's version of a Dutch Baby, which was a fantastic breakfast/lunch entrée we enjoyed for the first time in Seattle.  This version, although good, could not compare to the previous one.  The pancake/crepe batter was too thin and the dish just didn't deliver the savory goodness that we were expecting.  The Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict (sunny side up eggs, rye English muffin, creamed chipped beef, house potatoes) also was good but almost had too many ingredients in it, with the potatoes being overly salted. 

The coffee we were served was luke-warm at best and after a few sips we asked for it to be replaced.  Sadly, it was now hot but still didn't have much taste.
 
So for the above, with tax and tip, the bill came to around $38.00  Sadly, I don't think we will return.
Im not sure if this was a bad day for the employees working here or what, but it seemed that way from my point of view. I ordered a pancake, a ring bologna eggs Benedict, and my boyfriend ordered a waffle with apples and cream. I received my pancake blackened on the bottom, and requested a new one. I get my ring bologna eggs Benedict and It might just be their way of cooking it, but I didn't enjoy it. I pushed through the eggs Benedict meal and found it alright in taste. It had a creamy white meat sauce over it, and mixing it with the potatoes were pretty good. But definitely too salty. But I won't fail to mention the "English muffin" was also kind of burnt on the bottom but still chewy, how is that even possible? My bf liked his waffle okay. At this point my second pancake arrives and it's also burnt. So I send it back and decide I don't want it anymore. The restaurant is pretty open and I heard one of the cooks blatantly say that I "should go to McDonald's because that's what kind of pancakes they have there". I can understand it might be frustrating to see someone give back a plate, but if I can't eat it if it's not edible. I called the waitress over to tell her what I heard the cook say, and there was no sympathy. I guess I caught them on a bad day. Like I said, I really wanted to like this restaurant, but this exchange of words left a bad taste in my mouth. I picked up the check, and left promptly feeling embarrassed, and attacked for not eating a burnt pancake. I strongly recommend you try to find a friendlier establishment to spend your dollar.
So happy I found The Dutch on yelp this weekend while visiting Philly! We loved it so much we ate here two days in a row for breakfast. The restaurant is very small and inviting with counter seating and about 7-10 tables. On our first visit we sat at the counter where I got to watch the two chefs cranking out plate after plate. The staff here is very friendly and attentive. 

On our first visit we ordered the savory dutch baby and the eggs, meat, bread and potato plate. The savory dutch baby was a large pancake like cake that is cast iron cooked with large chunks of smoked sausage, scallions, powdered sugar, and served with maple syrup. The sausage had a nice little spicy kick to it which I found really enjoyable. The eggs, meat, bread and potato was a delicious dish, you get to choose how you would like your eggs and your choice of bread as well. The potatoes were my favorite part of this breakfast, they were delicious and crunchy on the bottom and the rest was rich and buttery. On our second day we decided to switch it up and I ordered the Anna banana pancakes with added strawberries and a side of bacon. These pancakes were fluffy and absolutely delicious, the whipped cream that they served with it was the perfect accommodation for these pancakes. along with the fresh and sweet fruit. My boyfriend ordered the eggs, meat, bread and potato plate the second day with scrambled eggs with cheese and was really happy with it overall. 

The most amazing thing about this meal was the hot apple cider that we ordered. It was warm and delicious with tart after tastes and just what we needed to set out on those two chilly days in Philly. If we ever come back to Philly this is going to be one of my first stops!
What a chill, low-key neighborhood spot to grab a bite in the daytime! Four and a half stars for less greasy spoon diner, more hipster hangover cure. Lots of street parking in the area. We opted to sit at the counter instead of snagging the last outside table; service still got a little sparse towards the end, but the staff members were friendly when they did stop by. Condiments available upon request.

We had enough options to give variety to everyone's palate, cucumber water to sip at while we waited, and some local kombucha to get the detox going. Though tempted by multiple daily specials, we settled on the pork belly hash and the regular savory dutch baby. Good textures and flavor in the hash. The dutch baby ate like a hybrid of scallion pancake and American pancake (which ameliorated my general boredom with the latter); I think the sausage gets added to the savory baby later in the process, so the meat is still moist and without proper adhesion you knife-and-fork very patiently to compose each bite. I wasn't too liberal with syrup on the savory pancake, so both were hearty without being too heavy, and left us extremely full by the last bite.
Decided to stop here for brunch and was overall disappointed. Food was ok but my main problem was the service. Walked in and it was busy but not packed. Tried to get the attention of the hostess/waitress but was ignored several times. I did notice that she was using her hands to place scones directly on to a plate and served it to a customer. 

We did finally get seated but thus began the wait. The wait to order our drinks. The wait to order. The wait for our food and the longest wait of all - to get our check. The waiter made it seem like we were an inconvenience. Ordered a side of hollandaise and never received it and I couldn't even ask about it since the waiter never stopped by to ask if we needed anything.  Overall I'm happy to see more restaurants in my neighborhood since that gives me more options to avoid this place.
The Dutch is what Brunch dreams are made of. They are nestled in the corner of a Philly neighborhood and the smell of fresh coffee and pancakes is intoxicating. My husband and I came here to enjoy breakfast and were so impressed to get seated right away. We were lucky enough to get a table outside on a gorgeous sunny day and enjoy the sounds of the neighborhood as we looked over the menu.

I had a HARD time deciding what to eat when everything on the menu sounded better than the next. But how could I come all the way here and NOT have a Dutch pancake? So that's exactly what I did. I had the Savory Dutch which was all I ever wanted and more. The fresh keilbasa, scallions and extra bubbly pancake hugging them altogether like a close knit Amish family. I could probably eat one of these a day, it was amazing.

Hubby ended up ordering an equally delicious. He got the Fried Chicken BLT and it was big and tasty. The chicken fried to perfect with a delicous honey mustard sauce to elevatethe bacon flavor. 

Because we were on our way to Atlantic City we did not partake in cocktails, but the coffee was on the money. Make sure to hit up The Dutch for breakfast or lunch soon, just have a little patience with the parking situation.
Very unhappy!! Ordered the sweet waffle and it came SMOTHERED in peaches, the waffle was so thin that it got soggy from all of the peaches. I attempted to scrape off most of the peaches to get to the waffle but it was just covered in juice that I had to ask for a new one. When I asked for a new one the waitress was rude, but I still got the new waffle without having to wait too long. While ready to pay for the check, my boyfriend and I decided to pay half in cash and half on my card. My card was charged the full amount of the $37 check AND the original amount I requested to pay ($18). The servers told me that the $37 would be refunded, but it was a big inconvenience. I'm so upset with the service and will not be returning!!!
Delicious weekday breakfast for two.  A bit cold inside but easily warmed up with awesome Rival Bro. coffee.  Waitresses were lovely and attentive.  I'm a fan of intimate spaces for brekkie.  Minus one star for the gnats flying around, one landed in my coffee (no biggie, just asked for a new cup) and caught another with my hand.  We sorta had to keep shooing them away.  I think they may be from the plants kept inside.  Anyways, the savory dutch was fantastic with every bite gone.  The ham hash was also a hit.  The cucumber water served was so refreshing early in the morning.  Kudos for a small space having changing table for littles.  A new addition to our brunch rotation.
Total bummer. 

Should have been good, but after you factor the 10 minute wait for menus after being seated, not so much. 

Ordered poorly described items that I couldn't eat. Then watched my friend eat his entire breakfast while I sat and patiently waited for our server. Spoiler: she never came. 

So I left, without eating. 

If you want first-timers to serve you mystery items, run on over.
I ordered an omelette that was listed to come with toast and potatoes. It took a long time for the food to arrive and when it did, bacon was mixed in with the potatoes. A restaurant should always list any meat involved in the dish and The Dutch did not. I was eating my omelette waiting for my waiter to come around to ask how my meal was so I could bring up the meat issue, but a waiter never came by to ask how the meal was, which is a service problem. It's disappointing to come to a highly rated restaurant and receive poor service and poor food.
I brought my friends to brunch because I had the best meal of my life at Fond and was excited to try the Dutch. We came on a Saturday so it wasn't a surprise that there was a wait, however we were quoted 20 minutes which turned into 45, watching over 11 other parties stream in ahead of us, and numerous tables left unoccupied and dirty for 15 minutes or more before being cleared. We were finally seated at a dirty table with the past guests' dirty water carafe and coffee accoutrements still left. We sat drinking the water (hot and carafe was sticky and covered in fingerprints) that was delivered for an additional 25 minutes, never being greeted by a server. We finally just left. I was embarrassed that I had chosen this spot  and furious at the service, having been in the industry for years. I will not be back.
Food was okay. The environment was not comfortable , flies buzzing around everywhere and it was hot and humid as hell, put on the ac. The overall experience of both food, environment and service all matters.
This is so close to five stars, and could end up there after a second visit.  I just love Joncarl and his charm your pants off, euro style eateries.  The food here is firing on all cylinders, but there are a couple kinks to work out.  

In the middle of the summer in the very late morning, it's hot outside.  Especially in August.  Can't have a packed restaurant with an open kitchen and a weak air conditioner.  It wasn't just a little warm, it was balmy in there, which makes for an uncomfortable experience.  There were also a lot of flies inside, nearly a swarm. 

Enough about the bad stuff.  Let's talk about the fantastic food.  The huevos rancheros is a total knockout.  It's the best brunch dish I've had in a while.  They serve it on a semi-sweet waffle with roasted corn, pico, great guac, bacon, and a nicely cooked egg: delicious!!  The banana-nut bread french toast was stellar too.  They caramelized the top side of each piece right to the very edge of being burnt, which gives the bread a really great texture and taste.  Throw some homemade whipped cream, blackberries, and berry syrup on there and you've got a killer dish.  It's also gigantic and a great deal.

One tip before signing off: skip the namesake dutch baby.  It's incredibly tough to make these consistently in a fast pace kitchen, and that's exactly what happens here.  Some are perfectly formed with tall, crisp sides and others don't quite rise properly.  Way too many other great choices on the menu.

Can't wait to go back again and try a few more things, including the mixers!  BYOB
tl;dr a quaint Pennsport cafe offering a European spin on breakfast staples

The Dutch stands out along an otherwise unassuming row of brick townhouses. The bright blue trim along this corner cafe beckons you forth, and the aromas of breakfast fare keep your mouth watering until your own plates arrive. The minimalistic decor and pastel accents feel distinctly European, and the fortunate orientation of the shop keeps outdoor diners shady for the morning meals. Tables are first-come, first-serve, and plan to have your entire party at the door. Menus are available via QR code attached to each table.

My partner and I arrived just before 10AM on a weekend and were immediately seated. However, just 15 minutes later, a queue started to form. We shared the Sweet Dutch Baby and the Savory Scallion Waffle. The Dutch baby, originating from a German pancake dish, sported the size/appearance of an American pancake with the thin crispiness/flavor of a crepe. Topped with assorted berries with a side of pure maple syrup, the Dutch baby was perfectly sweet without any overpowering, sugary gimmicks. Meanwhile, The waffle was slathered with creamed chipped beef. The creamy béchamel-style sauce, tastefully peppery, was similar to Southern-style gravy. While delicious, the waffle felt weirdly small for the price.

Apart from promptly bringing us our check and ushering us out from our table, service was disinterested at best. The food overall was comforting and yummy. But at $35 for two dishes, prices felt a tad high. While I was pleased to give The Dutch a try, I don't anticipate going out of my way to dine here in the future.
The photos look good, the reviews sound good, so what in Gods name happened? I The Dutch did not live up to expectations and I quickly regretted my decision not to dine at Sabrina's instead. I kept it really simple and went with the breakfast hero, and a side pancake. I know I said I kept it simple but the sandwich was constructed and resembled something I could have made at home but with more ingredients , more taste, and for far less $$. The eggs were placed on a roll that was layered with cheese that was barely melted, with bacon that was okay. As for the pancake, I was expected something scrumptious based upon the photos only to realize I had another underwhelming item in front of me. My friend ordered the dutch-baby and they said it was nearly flavorless.

For the price-point there are better options like Sabrina's, Green Eggs, and Honey's just to name a few.
Lovely place for brunch. Weather was gorgeous outside and decided to take advantage of that, so we had brunch outside. 

The cucumber water is very refreshing,  we didn't need to order a drink.  Went family style on the chicken and waffles and breakfast hero. The waffle was everything; it was sweet and savory.  Had like a biscuit texture but also waffle fluffiness.  Can't explain it, you just have to try it. Chicken was a little too crunchy for me but it was well seasoned and not too dry. The star of this dish was the gravy. It was a cross between gravy and maple syrup. Very good. Wouldn't mind taking a tab home.

Breakfast hero consisted of eggs, sausage links and melted cheese. Can't complain it was good. 

Staff was great too. Friendly and attentive. Get why it is a very popular spot.
Things I associated with the word "Dutch" people before going to The Dutch: Clogs? The Pennsylvania Dutch? Dutch Ovens (both meanings). That's pretty much it. 

Things I associate with "Dutch" after going to the Dutch: Delicious Brunch. Brightness. Great, smiley service. Mimosas.

Three of us split the chipped beef scallion waffle (huge,  thick savory waffle smothered in gravy and beef), the Rotterdam kapsalon (2 eggs swimming in braised lamb and tangy hot sauce yogurt sauce topped with pickled veggies), and the Haloumi salad (pickled strawberries,  mixed greens, crispy haloumi nuggets) and a $35 carafe of mango and orange juice which came with a whole bottle of champs for mimosas and we had a great time!

It's a small place, but there was no wait when we got there around 11 on Saturday. They have some limited outdoor seating and the tables inside are a bit close together (but can still accommodate a high chair if need be). There are also a few stools overlooking the kitchen. There's some cool art on display (and for sale) in the bathroom. Another hit for Joncarl! Highly recommend!
Great food, unfriendly service. We came in for Sunday brunch expecting a wait. What we didn't expect was to be treated like an inconvenience and to be told "you can't wait here" with no alternatives given of where we could go. Luckily there's a coffee shop right down the street where we got a coffee (a "sorry, you can't wait here but there's a coffee shop down the street" would have been nice). Once we sat down we felt like we were being rushed the entire time, when we needed a few more minutes before ordering the staff acted annoyed. Not a lot of smiling happening anywhere. We did sit for a little bit after paying the check, and they asked us to leave (we had been sitting at the table for a total of an hour and 10 minutes, for the record, so not exactly camping out) because they needed the table. Had the service been more friendly maybe we would have left sooner (before they asked) to help them out, but we didn't really feel like doing them any favors. I know it's a small place and they need to turn tables quickly, but every point of contact we had with the staff was unpleasant and NOT on par with what you can normally expect in Philly. There are plenty of other places (even Noord) with much better service where I'll choose next time.
This place is cute and convenient for me so I have been very excited to try it out! Loved that I could bring my own spirits to enjoy brunch, was a little taken aback when I saw that that charged $8 for Bloody Mary mix (alcohol not included) - especially when the mix was mostly tomato juice and a ton of horseradish. I'm a big fan of bloody Mary's and expected a better rendition for $8. I could go somewhere else and get one with alcohol for that price. 
However the food came out looking very nice & was delicious. I was impressed by the quality of meat / eggs. The corn meal waffle underneath the rancheros was a great take on the dish. 
I do think that the prices were a little inflated for the neighborhood (Pennsport). Although it is always busy so people are paying for it! The only other downside was the seating arrangement. We walked in as a two top there were multiple places to seat us and they put us extremely close to another table. I'm one that likes a little space between another's conversation especially when I haven't had any caffeine yet. 
I think if they took one two top away it would make for a much more comfortable environment and would even justify the prices they are charging. Next time I'll sit at the bar :)
I come here MAYBE once a month as a treat for brunch cause it is a bit pricy for a regular weekend spot, but since it's so close to my apartment and the food is delicious, I really don't mind.  They also serve dinner during limited hours so I'll have to check that out sometime.

I figured I'd update my review now that I've had a few more breakfast/brunch items.  My absolute favorite item on the menu (and maybe across ALL brunch places in the city) is, hands down, their special of Huevos Rancheros.  I hope it makes it to the regular menu, although there's only been one time they were out of it.  It is absolutely effin' amazing.

A GIANT fluffy homemade waffle (not too sweet, but sweet enough to counteract the toppings) smothered in smooth and creamy eggs hollandaise with the perfect breakable yolk, crispy thick cut bacon, fresh made guacamole and pico de gallo, black beans and a generous portion of cheddar cheese.  Holy hell.  My mouth is watering thinking of it.  It's the absolute perfect balance of sweet, savory, spicy, crunchy and chewy - and I make sure to top it off with some Cholula.  (That's another thing I love about this place - the choice between Frank's, Cholula and Sriracha!).  It's so big, I can only eat 3/4 of it no matter how much I try to finish the whole thing.

The egg/meat/hash/toast combo is always a good classic staple to order if you're not feeling too adventurous and everything is fresh, locally sourced and served farm-to-table, so you know you're getting top notch ingredients.

Although it's a little pricy for breakfast (keep in mind I came from Scranton where you'll pay, no lie, $20 for a family of 4 at breakfast places), I find it's entirely worth it with the quality of the food and always on-point service you're receiving.

Their coffee is fantastic (they serve only good brands...I think this weekend it was Rival Bros) and the cucumber water is perfect for when you get a seat outside in the blazing sun and you're mildly hungover.
The food is great but it is overpriced and the service is AWFUL: go somewhere else, you'll save money and feel better! 
to elaborate, the staff is beyond rude. they barely greet you, if they do, it's as if a gun is to their back. Every interaction I've had there (it's around the corner from my place) has left me feeling like "why did I just pay to be talked down to and ignored?" The $15 sandwich is not good enough to justify the terrible service and gouged prices. 
The main person that works there gets paid and tipped to just be awful to people. I've never heard a twinkle of warmth come from her. Oh! And they have signs telling you to get the fuck out immediately after you finished. I've only ever seen those signs in center city fast food places. So anyway, I'm done giving them my money.
My sister suggested to grab breakfast at The Dutch during my stay in Philadelphia. My boyfriend and I met her at the restaurant around 8:30am on a Thursday morning. The Dutch was such a cute and quaint breakfast/brunch spot in the neighborhood. Indoor space was limited, so I'm glad that we got early enough to beat the crowd. In fact we were the first customers of the day, so we were seated and served right away. 

Customer service was excellent. At the time there were only two staff members holding down the fort. There was one server, who was very friendly and helpful, and one cook, who was really efficient and made our food with great care. 

The best thing I've eaten so far on my trip in Philly was at The Dutch, and it was the Savory Scallion Waffle. It was absolutely delicious as plain as it was. The waffle was light and fluffy, and the highlight of the dish was the creamed chipped beef sauce. It was money! So rich and flavorful.

We also shared the veggie Dutch baby, which was delightful. I've never had a Dutch baby before, and I would describe it as a yorkshire pudding except with crispy edges.
We took an Uber to get to this little quaint spot which was about 15-20 minutes and about 30-45 min on foot from our hotel. I looked this place up, and it gave off some European vibes. I thought since it was called the Dutch, that they served items similar to the food in the Netherlands, and they are not far from a previous spot we dined at a few months back. 

They offer indoor and outdoor seating, and again we chose indoor. The server greeted us immediately and let us pick our own section. We ordered two coffees.  After looking at the specials which are posted on the wall on butcher's paper, and the menu, we both decided on the two different types of the Dutch Baby, which is like a pancake with various fillings/toppings. Mine cane with fruit, and for an additional cost, extra fruit plus a side of bacon. Hubby had his with meat and egg inside. Coffee was okay. 

The ambiance was quaint, and there is artwork displayed on the walls that are available for sale. There is one single restroom.  Overall, the food packed flavor and reasonably priced.
So.... I can't complain about the food but what I can complain about is the weird  customer service that I do not have the patience to deal with on my  day off. Long story  short.. our check total came out to $76.60 which we spilt 3 ways but once we got our checks back to sign and tip we noticed we had now been charged a total of $88. Assuming they had already tacked on the gratuity none of us ended up tipping. We were going to ask what happened but since they were SO eager to get us  out of the restaurant (mind you it was 3:08, only 8 min after closing) we did not ask. The hostess or our waiter not sure who was who came running after us screaming and shaming us about how we did not tip... 

First off.. do not run after me

Second off..  it was a miscommunication and for someone who works in hospitality they should know to NEVER approach a customer in way that made us feel like we were THIEVES!!

Hey Dutch, maybe pay your employees better so they don't have to chase down their patrons.
I went here a few weeks back with some coworkers on a wednesday morning at 8am. For the majority of the time, we were the only patrons. I had a few issues. 
1- service. The girl serving us was noticeably slow, even when we requested things like coffee or salt shakers. I try to be understanding with slow service but we were literally the only table there. 
2. The food. I got a sweet Dutch baby which struck me as a bit expensive? $9 plus $3 for maybe 6 berries sprinkled on top, plus $2 for maple syrup. $14 seems a little steep for what's essentially just flour and eggs, and the dish was more doughy and soggy than pillowy. 

I had high hopes for this place and wanted to love it, but I have to say all the incredible reviews here surprise me! We all agreed that it was okay, but we wouldn't go back.
The food here was really great, but the service was completely miserable. They didn't tell us how long the wait was going to be ("it's not possible to tell you") so we figured it wouldn't be too long. It ended up being an hour & a half! I totally understand not giving an exact estimate, but you should know if it's going to be that long. Then once we sat down outside, we were greeted by our server who was quite rude. We were starving after the wait & the food took another 45 minutes!

When the food finally came out, they brought it out in shifts over the course of 15 minutes. Some of the food was cold by the time everything was on the table. Two of our orders were also wrong (forgotten an egg & charged for an item after she specifically asked if it could be a substitution & was given a yes). The food was actually fantastic, but after sitting there for 10 minutes it started to rain. Obviously they can't control the weather, but if our food had taken less than an hour we wouldn't have had a problem. 

Then, to top it all off, after we decided to box up the food & leave to eat at home, we stood under the awning for protection from the rain (we moved for people walking in/out)...& the same server told us we had to move. Extremely disappointed in the service, if I go back it will be because of the food.
Service was horrendous and because food was very good, I didn't give a 1 star rating. It was Mother's Day and our first time there to treat our aunt to a special brunch since she was visiting from out of state, and we were excited that there were plenty of empty tables (they don't take any reservations) and saw some great Yelp reviews. We got seated rather quickly which was great, however our waiter has the snarkiest attitude from the moment we arrived, when taking our orders, and until we left. I highly value customer service being that it's my profession, and his attitude was so negative that it really affected our overall experience there. 

We tried requesting no meat in our baked pancake (which was delicious) and wanted to add more fruits or replace the meat for fruit and the waiter gave us a hard time. We even tried to be pleasant and thank him for taking our empty plates away and reaching out to him for some more milk for the coffee and he just ignored us or really didn't want to be there. The young man filling up our water glasses was way more serviceable and pleasant! He saw us trying to take a selfie of our group and immediately offered to help us take the photo of all of us on this special occasion. 
Meanwhile, the waiter who was standing next to our table by the register avoided contact and was not personable at all. I even had to use the restroom and decided that I would rather hold it to avoid being around his negativity any longer!

Our experience would have been 5 stars had the staff and our waiter who was such a downer been more receptive to the small things and shown some appreciation for our business and our being there. I won't be going back.
Eggs, meat, potatoes, bread...so simple, yet so hearty & delicious, when done right. The Dutch has perfected this simple breakfast dish! Potatoes are crisp on the outside & perfectly seasoned. I work nearby & have been getting this dish to go pretty regularly. Planning to come in for a weekend brunch with my family, as I'm excited to try some of the other items on the menu.
My wife and I had our second brunch at The Dutch today. It was our first experience which brought us back. The waitresses and owner were incredibly friendly and attentive. The food matched the excellence service. We had the savory dutch baby and the pancakes. Both were 5/5 but the pancakes may have had the slight edge.

Today, my brunch experience was outer-body. We decided to split the scallion waffle and banana bread pudding french toast. The scallion waffle was one of the best brunch plates I have had in the city. The scallions were light enough so they did not overpower the dish. The waffle complimented the cream chipped beef that went on top. Everyone enjoys french toast, and who doesn't like banana bread pudding? The marriage of these two make perfect sense. Unfortunately this was one of the specials. Let's hope it finds a permanent spot on the menu!

Move over Sabrina's and Morning Glory, there's a new brunch place in town!
We got there around 10am on Saturday and was able to get seated for table for 2 right when entering. It would be hard to get a table for a party more than 2.

Service was only OK.  The staff didn't seem to enjoy working there and seemed like a chore to serve us.
They also forgot to give us a coffee that we ordered and had to remind the waitress.  The place wasn't that busy or full in order to forget.

Inside - it's a smaller place and the tables are really close to each other.

Sweet Dutch Baby with some berries and a side of syrup.  This a great light meal with taste of sweetness.  Lighter and not as dense as a pancake.  It was chewy and crispy at the same time.

The truffle mushroom omelet with a side of potatoes and a slice of bread.  This meal is cooked on a skillet.  The egg was cooked perfectly and the taste of truffle was just right. The best thing about this dish was actually the potatoes!  The potatoes was perfectly crispy on the outside and perfectly soft on the inside, lightly salted with the right amount.
This new restaurant opened and took the place of the short lived Fourth and Cross. The restaurant is owned and operated by three guys who walk around and make relationships with each one of their customers. The rest of their staff is very friendly and welcoming. The ambience is full of natural light with a rustic interior. Food came quickly and was piping hot and fresh. This place is only opened for breakfast and lunch, but I highly recommend you stop in and see what The Dutch has to offer. Soon this will be the place to be on Saturday mornings.
Bzzz... bzzz.... Bzzz... bzzz... Bzzz... bzzz...

That would not be the buzz of the popular B&B (Breakfast and Bruncherie) operated by the owners of Noord and Fond, but of Musca Domestica. In fact half a dozen of them. As I diligently counted...

But, before I could get upset at the sight, the server brought my order of the Fried Chicken BLT (with Turkey bacon) and placed it on my table. The sight of that sandwich is enough to stop any conversation, and sure enough three tables away from me the group deciding on their lunch selection quickly got intimidated into ordering Eggs, Meat, Bread, Potato instead.  The point that size matters is artfully punctuated by the stylistic vertical placement of the knife in the sandwich. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is not wimp out. I didn't. But, I did protest under my breath: I hate eating burgers or sandwiches with knife and fork. Yet, there was no way I could avoid it. I slayed that succulent fried chicken (take note all fried chicken sandwich purveyors in Philly!) placed inside a Parker House Roll and slathered with honey mustard. The only off-key note was from the accompanying chips. Maybe allow them to be swapped for a side of the house potatoes?

This was my second visit. On my first, I'd made the mistake of asking the cheerful server whether the savory scallion waffle (with creamed chipped beef) would be enough or whether I should order a side as well. Confidently, she'd assured me that I wouldn't need to add anything to my order. While, I'd had my doubts on that assertion mid-way through the delightful waffle, funny enough I filled up completely as I inhaled the last morsel. On second thoughts, it's only the scallion that holds the creeping food coma at bay. But, then: what else should one expect from butter, milk, heavy cream, eggs, flour, and beef? ;)

Philly is truly going through the golden age of breakfast...

I do love the Dutch and hate starting my review with a slam. Look, I'm not a jerk (see rating) and don't hand out harsh comments    easily. Neither am I unreasonably squeamish. I've spent the first decades of my life in Asia eating at more than my share of establishments that would give anyone pause. I know it's summer and wouldn't have brought it up if it were only 1 or 2, er... flying dragons? But, six is too many. Way too many...
Awesome, off the beaten path, lunch/brunch spot. It's cozy, homey, and quaint. There are only a few tables, so don't be surprised if there's a bit of a wait, but it shouldn't be anything crazy. Also, it's BYOB, so bring 'em if you want 'em.

You can tell some real TLC goes into the food here. Everything is so well done. Delicious and comforting and tastes like home. The savory Dutch baby is highly recommended, especially if you've never had something of the sort. The edges are crispy and buttery. The interior is fluffy, slightly sweet, slightly eggy. So, so good.

The bacon here is unbelievable.  Thick, salty, not greasy at all. It occupies that coveted, elusive position at the intersection of crisp and chewy. Get it in something, on something, or by itself. Thank me later. 

The only thing that's keeping me from popping that 5th star is the occasional slip in service. Normally it's fantastic, so don't be too concerned.
I just moved into the neighborhood so was excited to try this place. I went on Sunday morning around 10:30 with a group of 5. The place is small and they do not take reservations. We had to wait about 25 min. We ordered the huevos rancheros, waffles with corned beef atop, french onion soup, lox platter and one of the Dutch entree's on the menu. Everything was huge portions and excellant. The service was also very good. I will be returning. Perhaps earlier in the day to not have to wait as long.
Staff was not inviting at all. It was a 45 minute drive on a recommendation from Philly news. So after a long drive, I walked in, was immediately stopped by hostess. I practically greeted her since she wouldn't let me walk to the stand. I told her "3 people." She wouldn't let me sit until the other 2 came, accusing me of lying that I was just trying to get a bigger table. The rest of my party was literally 20 seconds behind me. Same hostess later on went to refill my water, I said "Thank you" and she ignored me. WOW! The seats were hard and uncomfortable. I couldn't get past that rude hostess with the tattoos to even enjoy my food.  :(
The cooks in the kitchen insulted my girlfriend for rejecting a pancake that was burnt on one side. His comment was that McDonald's had better pancakes. This is not professional behavior, especially when you know the edge was crispy and BURNT. I'm simply not happy with the insulting verbal interaction that came out of this when our reaction was calm during our meal. Not cool
First time at The Dutch and a very positive experience.  I recommend this to anyone who is tired of the standard "diner menu" style breakfast and wants a little twist to their brunch. 

I ordered the "Uitsmijter"...essentially an open faced sandwich with sunny eggs, Gouda, their Dutch spin on bacon served with a small side salad and pickled vegetables. Very good! The right char on the thick toast, dark orange egg yolks, balanced with the salad and pickle.

The Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict was also on the table...it's where eggs Benedict meets creamed chip beef...not as heavy as you think but Harry nonetheless.  Also, very good!

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because that is only reserved for the very few. For me personally, I would need the best coffee in the world to bring The Dutch to 5 stars...that's just me.

Outdoor seating option perfect those nice mornings...not in direct sunlight which was perfect.
I was in the area and quickly hopped on yelp to see what was good around here. When I saw The Dutch was close by and had 4/5 stars, I was really excited to check the place out. Unfortunately, the place did not really impress me. I like the modern ambience of the place but the food was sub par. I had the mushroom truffle omelette and the parfait. The parfait was whatever, you can't really mess that up - yogurt, granola, and berries. The omelette was disappointing. A little too salty and just not that flavorful. It came with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were whatever, not a fan. Overall, the meal wasn't something that left me wanting to come back.
I'm so torn about writing this review because I don't want it to attract too many more people--it's that good, LOL!

Covid-19 protocol is pretty standard--socially distanced (limited) seating and required masks. I didn't notice if sanitizer was available, but the restroom was stocked with soap and paper towels. My partner got up to use the restroom and forgot his mask and the waitress mentioned it--good for her!

The food is absolutely incredible. We ordered 3 dishes that are likely always on the menu (it was our first time and we wanted to try what they're known for; however, the specials were calling my name! They had a chicken and waffle dish where the waffle was a biscuit waffle hybrid. I noticed 3 tables ordered it). 

I had the Sweet Dutch Baby and added fruit. My partner had the  Sweet Waffle less the whipped cream. We also ordered the 3 egg breakfast to split with Lebanese bologna. HOLY smokes. First, dutch baby was crunchy, custardy, sweet but not too sweet. If you never had a Dutch baby, texturally it's like a mash up between a crispy crepe and a moist pancake. My partner loved his waffle. The egg dish was surprising because it's one of their most basic dishes and everything on the plate was DELICIOUS--even the wheat toast. Eggs were fried perfectly, breakfast potatoes had great texture and were well seasoned. The Lebanese bologna is such an interesting flavor in a good way! It reminded me of bologna, jerky, and salami in one. It's also incredible quality. I'm not a big meat eater, so I was happy this didn't have questionable textures or those white cartilage pieces you sometimes get in a "meat product."

They also had some really cool local feature art on the wall that they were selling and the artist's QRC code. 

This is an incredible neighborhood restaurant...I'd move to the neighborhood for it.
Awesome place, came here for some Monday brunch, disappointed to find out the better items were listed for the weekend. But nevertheless the savory Dutch pancake is what I chose, and it was absolutely amazingly different, and super filling. 
The service was impeccable considering there was only 1 server, she definitely was on top of her game, super attentive and I enjoyed every minute of it. 
Atmosphere was quaint, cozy space, even had a bar to sit at for quicker convenience, luckily we got there just in time before the line started forming at the door. Looking forward to the next time I eat here.
Doesn't look like much from the outside but this is some amazing breakfast food, right in a quiet spot of south philly. Very small on the inside and the smell of the kitchen fumes travel beautifully throughout the space. There's a few tables set up on the corner of the block for outside dining. 

Rarities found on the menu were the different styles of bologna. I tried Lebanon bologna for the first time on my visit, a very heavy meat for sure, with a smell that can be tasted and served with plenty of grease. This meat should be complimented with potatoes or some home style biscuits.
unreal, so so soo good. Came back from NYC for the weekend and checked out this new brunch spot and I was blown away how great their pancakes were. Clinton in NY has always been the best- they're fluffy and does not crumble once you dive into it. I highly recommend!!!
Delicious. Cute/Cozy. Moderately priced. BYOB!

My girlfriend and I wanted to meet up for brunch this past Sunday (I mean what else are Sundays with beautiful spring weather for?) and wanted a place we could both walk to from our respective neighborhoods. Enter The Dutch. Neither of us had been here before, but the reviews looked great and being a BYOB in the city is always a plus, so we decided to check it out. We arrived (just the two of us), bottle of Prosecco in hand, around 12:30p on a Sunday. There was several people waiting around outside so we knew there would be a wait, but the weather was glorious so it was fine by us. About thirty minutes or so we were seated inside at the bar/bench seating along the front window. We popped our bubbles and started in on the menu. I had seen rave reviews about one of the specialties--Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict--so already knew that was gonna be my pick. My friend Cas was eyeing the Huevos Rancheros, but sadly was informed they were just out of that option, as they were also with her second choice, Chicken & Waffles. As they say, third time is a charm, so she opted then for the Fried Chicken BLT and we were on our way! We both subbed the potatoes/chips for a side salad, as we knew the main part of the dish would be heavy, and we were both glad we did! I don't think--although I'm sure delicious--I would have been able to eat a heavy component like the potatoes after indulging in the kick ass Eggs Benny with creamed chipped beef! 

Like others have mentioned, it is a tight compact space, but I found it to be more on the cozy side than claustrophobic--but with that said, I'm not sure this would be a place I'd opt for had I been with a large group--also note, the restaurant will not sit you unless ALL members of your party are there, just FYI. The staff was friendly and attentive, the food was super tasty, and all moderately/fairly priced. And again, BYOB already makes it 10x better in my book! 

All in all it was a perfect brunch for two in the city!
A great neighborhood brunch place. Eating at the bar is a treat as you get to watch the chefs in action. Enjoyed the pancakes w/blueberries and bananas. Will return to try other items soon.
Very casual cute atmosphere! There is a park nearby as well so you can see a lot of dog owners as well. One of the things that I didn't like much was that it was bit crammed but the food made up for it. My friends and I got the sweet and savory dutch baby and the huevos waffle. They were soo good! It doesn't seem like much but they were so filling and the price wasn't bad either. I would definitely come back to try their other dishes because they were all soo good! Oh but be aware it does take a bit for the orders to come out because it takes time for them to make it! So be patient especially if you are gonna go during their busy time!
BOMB.com little spot in South Philly everything tastes absolutely delicious the service was great and it's BYO. Wait wasn't crazy and the 20 min we waited was totally worth it! The chefs are so good at what they do I definiteLy recommend sitting at the bar so you can watch them work their magic!
Between all the bs parking tickets I've been getting since moving out this way this place could shorten my south philly stay fairly quickly.  

This is my go to sit in spot since it's so close but mainly cos the food is just plain good and comforting. 

My first meal here was the Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict ... sunny eggs, Jonnathan's rye English muffin, creamed chipped beef, house potatoes with a side of scrapple.  It was decent. 

Second visit I had the mushroom omelet which was a bit salty but was good, better than first meal.  Good mushrooms with tasty scrapple.  

Third meal was the savory Dutch baby sclaiion waffle with chipped beef which I walked thru the snow to get 1/4/18.  This was pretty good to eat during a cold day.  

The meal that I've really been waiting for has been the wknd huevos rancheros waffles which was really good with side of bacon.  Easily my fave meal here to date.  

So yesterday I had the chicken and waffles with maple gravy.  The dark meat chicken was good tho  prefer boneless chicken and wish I had more of the maple gravy since the chicken seemed a little dry.  But that seems the norm wherever I get chicken and waffles I guess. 

In all my visits the service has always been friendly and good along with the coffee.  This is a good spot to go for a comforting meal any day of the week but the best item could be the huevos rancheros waffle tho still few more things to try.
We ended up here after doing a quick search for brunch places that were still open during the pandemic. The Dutch has a few outdoor seating available and offer a pretty standard spread of menu options. I tend to side with savory foods for brunch and ended up with their burger. The food came out quickly and was piled high on the plate. The double patty burger sat dressed in this amazing onion bacon jam that did an amazing job accenting the juicy burger, and the mountain of fries kept us busy as we enjoyed the cozy outdoor seating.
This is a neat little place to eat. It's not very big but the service is stellar and I had a wonderful brunch meal here. My breakfast sandwich was fresh and delicious. Though this is not a place to bring a crowd, it's a nice restaurant to sit with a close friend and enjoy coffee and brunch.
The best pancakes in town! The sweet Dutch baby is a must have. It's a fluffy pancake that's is cooked in the whole pan and it is just delicious! I tried also the crispy chicken sandwich and it's so juicy inside and crispy on the outside. They have dining in with a coding little atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and nice. The outdoor seating is great on a nice day and it is a block away from the park. Awesome place!!
This place has been on my list of places to try for a long time and I finally stopped by for Saturday brunch. The place was popping on a Saturday at 10:30am but we were able to squeeze into 2 high top seats right by the kitchen. Had to wait 30 minutes for the food to come out, but I can attest that the cooks were hustling. We ordered the Bread pudding French toast and the Savory Dutch baby. The French toast was super yummy with blueberries mixed in. Not that photogenic but tasted so good. I had high hopes for the Dutch baby, and the scallions and smoked sausage pieces were tasty, but the actual base wasn't that flavorful. Adding the syrup helped a tiny bit but I was hoping it would pack more of a flavor punch. Overall this place is cute and I might give it another try to see if the Sweet Dutch baby is any better.
this place is an awesome little spot with a unique brunch menu in that it is mostly dutch (no shit) specialties that you don't/can't find every day! my boyfriend had the Lebanon bologna omelette with cream cheese... holy cow, SO good. I liked his dish more than mine! I got the savory dutch baby which is a dutch pancake (like a thicker, egg-ier crepe) with smoked sausage and scallions. it comes with powdered sugar and syrup which is right up my alley since I love to mix sweet and salty. the flavors were all very good but I definitely would pick the omelette over the dutch baby if I come back. we also got the special tator tots with ham & cheese inside- these were delicious! the only con is that this place is TEENY. we were luck enough to walk right in and get a spot but I've heard the line gets VERY long on weekends... for a reason!
I love the decorations here and it is a really pretty little restaurant. A nice addition to the area. The service here is friendly. It is a hip restaurant, great atmosphere and all. However, for me I'm just not a breakfast and brunch kind of person. Especially when I feel that I can make a lot of the food myself when they are simply eggs, sausages, bacon and bread. I am more of savory eater and so I do not dig the super sweet brunch food you see at places like Sabrina's or Green Eggs. The Dutch is very fresh in their ingredients but for me it is a bit pricey for what is offered. It is not going to be a place I will visit on a regular.
I have been contacted by both the owners of the Dutch. I was assured they are addressing my issues and I hope to be eating there again soon! Thanks again Joncarl and Lee for responding so quickly and professionally. That in itself goes a long way with me!
I can't get enough of this place! I have a hard time picking between Noord and Dutch for brunch. I love coming here for the easy walk-in, bright, energetic and fun experience. 
Does the owner ever go home, because I see from breakfast to dinner at all of his restaurants in the city, and he is always in such happy, energetic spirits! :) 
My favorite spot is right at the chefs counter watching all the live action behind the stove and at the pass. 
I love to pick on my Dutch husband, and try to pry some of his home language out when the owner is present. It's a pleasure to watch him get nostalgic over his favorite foods from his home country. 
I can't get enough of the pancakes, Dutch babies, and uitsmijter. Coffee is hot and delicious. 
Hands down, top fave brunch spot in the city.
Great breakfast from the Nord , Fond crew. The baby Dutch pancakes look crazy good , but I got the Lebanon baloney fried with eggs and potatoes. Really good and incredibly different  . Excellent coffee. And the service was professional. At breakfast it was a wonder . Cant wait to go back.
I saw the Dutch on TV News today January 1st, 2021, they were offering a Pop-Up Soul Restaurant as a daily special for thirty-five dollars $35.00. I saw the reporter Bill Anderson interview the chef and he said the event was just to raise money because of the impact of COVID-19 on the industry. I decided to purchase a meal for my sister who is in a nursing home and has not been able to see our family or have a holiday meal. I was so disappointed with the food I received. The chicken was dried out I had requested sides of collard greens and black-eyed peas. The portions looked like a kids meal. The total price with a mandatory tip and tax wax forty-four dollars and eighty cents. (44.80). What a disgraceful rip off. When the front desk personal delivered the meal. The nursing staff called to request for me to give them the phone number of the Dutch so they could complain. I just don't understand how people could just rip people off. You look at this photo and judge if you think it was worth forty-four dollars and with cents (44.80). Please help me by boycotting this place. This place deserves a zero.
Came here on last Saturday and the place was packed. They had limited seating inside and around 7-8 tables outside. We were with our pup so we requested outside seating. We had to wait 15 mins to get a table.

We knew what we wanted even before being seated. So may reviews of the Savory wafle and savory pancake. We had to try these 2 items on the menu. The coffee and bloody Mary came in 5 mins which was nice. But food took a lot of time to arrive. The food was tasty and delicious.  I could do a bit more of gravy on my waffles. In fact I had requested gravy on the side as well. Which never came but it was fine. The place was busy. Pancakes were delicious too.

I just had one issue. They don't give out dog bowls. We requested to get a regular plastic glass for the pop since it was hot outside and they never got that too. Slow service was a clear issue. Not sure if that was one off. Our coffee refill also came after asking twice. 

So, good food but slow service. I wud still go there just not when it is crowded.
Impressive selection of unique and local themed/sourced of breakfast and brunch meals. Very clean and sleek interior. Only tiny complaint I have. Staff was quick and proactive, asking if folks needed coffee refills while waiting on food. The menu was so good and had a pretty large selection of breakfast meals. The Sweet Dutch and Huevos Rancheros is so delicious and would love to have other food to try too. The portions are so nice and have a reasonable price.
I love brunch, and The Dutch is one of my favorites.  The steak and eggs are amazing.  The steak is soooo tender you could cut it with a fork and the chimichurri and mushrooms take it to another level.
I came in for lunch and well, saw the menu which was mostly brunch, so I ordered a brunchy type of sandwich.  It was called the uitsmijter, which I couldn't even pronounce so thanks to the waitress I now know how to do it.  It was quite good and very heavy, containing 2 fried eggs over guanciale bacon and gouda cheese on a slice of rye bread.  A side salad cut through the heaviness a bit.  Everything was tasty but a few nitpicks include:  too much salad dressing, my mouth puckered from the vinegar.  The rye bread was tough, hard to cut with a butter knife.  A bit of egg slid off the plate once when I was cutting.

Decor is cute, there is Dutch paraphernalia everywhere.  Service is great, water (cucumber water, actually) kept coming and the meal came out timely.
Just came back from my first time (obviously there'll be future visits) eating here and couldn't wait to write a review. 

Brunch is undoubtedly my favorite meal so I'm always on the lookout for a new gem (esp if it's the lovebaby of Fond and Noord chefs!). We arrived at around 11am, and the place was already full with a few parties waiting outside. Our party of 3 got seated a quick 15 min later at the counter, which I loved because I got to watch all the open kitchen action up close.

My 2 friends ordered the roasted mushroom omelette, while I got the pork belly hash which was on the specials menu, and we ordered the ana banana pancakes to share. I wished I read up on the restaurant info more carefully beforehand, because then I would have brought a bottle of champagne or vodka to make mimosa/bloodys with, as I enviously checked out other patrons enjoying their boozy brunch. Ok, maybe I still wouldn't have, we were hungover from last night oops.

Back to business...the food really is excellent here. I regrettably did not take a bite of my friends' omelette because I was too busy destroying my own pork belly dish. But there's truffle oil in the omelette so I'm just going to assume it was tasty (and my friends said so). My pork belly was savory/flavorful and blended in nicely with the potatoes and sunny eggs, esp w/ the runny yolk. I personally make it a mission to always have eggs in my wknd brunches.

Now to the star of the meal, the ana banana pancakes (blueberry pancakes w/ banana slices, whipped cream, and powdered sugar). The dish was just...smooth. There's no skimping on the amount of fruit, and the buttermilk pancake itself felt very substantial but at the same time not heavy. The whip cream was light yet w/ just the right amount of sweetness. Note: this isn't one of the cast iron skillet prepared pancakes.

The service was friendly and the vibe laid back. They were very busy so it took some time for the dishes to come out which we didn't mind. 

Can't wait to come back and try out the rest of the menu (apparently we didn't even order their most popular items like the waffles and the dutch baby(ies?). And next time I will definitely bring booze w/ me.
The only reason this place gets 4 stars is due to the amazing food. The service was abysmal and there was no way the food could make this place tolerable. I don't particularly like leaving bad reviews about an establishment. I prefer to review the quality of the food and leave a footnote regarding anything else. I believe too many people on this site penalize based on service and leave out the food which should over shadow poor service.

This place is in a quiet neighborhood and initially seemed family friendly. Looks are deceiving. Sometimes the juice isn't worth the squeeze....Come for the food but leave for the service.
The
Pancakes
Give the Dutch
Something to brag
About beyond bikes and small wooden shoes.
Service is attentive but not overbearing. Nice chill ambience in a small cafe in South Philly. Food came out on time and was both delicious and photogenic. I got the sweet dutch baby with fruit and it was filling.
Best Friday morning boozy breakfast/brunch ever. My friend and I took an early train to Philly from DC and were pretty hangry on the train but didn't want to ruin our appetites by eating something completely random on the train. We had no idea what we were going to eat in Philly but we knew that it was going to be better than train food. Fast forward to some quick research on yelp for the best breakfast in Philly and this little gem popped up. Only after scrolling through the 200 odd photos and becoming completely infatuated with the idea of eating here did we realize that this place was about 3 miles aka an hour walk from our hotel. 

We were not deterred and after dropping off our luggage at the hotel took a lyft over here and this place did not disappoint. Lovely little touches like cucumber infused water and friendly waitstaff pushed this place over the top. I know you're wondering about the food. Let's just say that it exceeded the hype. I had the sweet Dutch baby with fruit which was a cross between a crepe and a pancake with some crunch. It was absolutely delicious. My friend got a mushroom omelette which was accompanied by creamy potatoes and couldn't stop raving about it. Don't judge us but we also got an order of their French toast special with berries and whipped cream (which we also devoured). To wash it all down we had some delicious bellinis. 

If you get the chance don't pass this place up. I'm hoping to go again before we head back to DC on Sunday.
Went to The Dutch for breakfast today with the missus. We arrived early and were the first guests of the morning. The staff was friendly and told us to sit where we liked. The waitress came over with the menu and water for the table. We both ordered coffee while we looked over the menu. I ordered the ring bologna eggs Benedict. The dish consisted of sunny side eggs, rye toast, creamed chip beef and house potatoes. The highlight of the dish were the smashed potatoes. I'm not afraid of sunny side up eggs but my eggs looked undercooked. I guess it didn't bother me enough because I ate them. The cream chipped beef was rather loose and the pieces of beef were cut very small. The ring bologna was cooked well but the casing was left on and it was chewy. I had to remove it from the cut up pieces. Lastly the rye toast was huge it could have been half the size and it was difficult to cut. The missus ordered the grilled veggie omelette. The omelette consisted of haricot verts, butternut squash, red onion and goat cheese with house potatoes. The wife enjoyed the omelette and said the veggies were very fresh but she would have enjoyed more seasoning. She also enjoyed the potatoes.
Two words: secret gem. We came here on a Sunday morning around 9 for brunch. There were 4 of us and we were able to secure a table right away. The menu is very concise yet filled with delicious options, both sweet and savory. The inside has a friendly neighborhood vibe. 

For the food, we ordered a sweet Dutch baby as an "appetizer" for the table. Then we ordered the huevos rancheros, Ana's banana pancakes, savory Dutch baby, and one of the breakfast specials wth goat meat. Everything was appealing to the eye and extremely flavorful. Our least favorite (but still good) was the sweet Dutch baby. We didn't bring anything alcoholic to drink this time, but next time we will definitely consider that for next time.
How have I lived right around the corner and this is only my second time here? Really cute spot in Pennsport. I got the eggs, bread, and meat and my boyfriend got a special. Of course we had to split a pancake.... and then we saw the scones and I impulsively added that on as well  (I have no self control / love a good #TableCake. Everything was very good! The service was attentive and the chefs behind the counters work their butts off.

I will be back
(More like 3.5)

I came in here with a friend over the weekend because we were in the area, and I had bookmarked The Dutch based off some "Best Brunches" list from some magazine I had read a while back. I was super excited to see some of the new/unique items on the menu and felt reassured looking at the other reviews. But upon ordering, I found my meal to be unsatisfying. 

My friend and I order the "Eggs, Meat, Bread and Potato" and the "Sweet Dutch Baby" to split between the two of us. I found the former to really be nothing special (potatoes weren't exactly roasted to perfection, the scrambled eggs weren't that creamy even if they weren't dry, and they only gave us 3 of the tiniest sausages etc), and while it was enough to be filling, I am in no way rushing to come back just for that. As for the Sweet Dutch Baby.. I would go so far as to call it tasteless. Perhaps it was because of the stark contrast in savory flavors from the Eggs, Meat, Bread and Potato, to sweet flavor, but my friend who had tried it beforehand said he couldn't taste too much. There wasn't enough sugar, and it really didn't feel worth the money at all. I was actually really surprised at the high ratings this place received after that. There are definitely more competitive brunch places all over Philly. 

However, I will add that The Dutch had had a power outage, but still managed to serve a sizable crowd. The service was pretty good, but I definitely didn't leave the place wanting anymore.
Great classic breakfast and lunch with a twist from the chefs of Noord and Fond. Waffles, egg dishes, and salads, with a Pennsylvania Dutch spin and super-friendly service! Great addition to the neighborhood!
These were some of the best restaurant styled eggs I've tasted in a very long time.  I typically do not like restaurant eggs and often avoid them.  However, these were seasoned well and not heavy at all.  The smoked sausage was really good as were the potatoes. This was a small and friendly setting that I would visit again when in the area.
We had a rental car the first day in Philadelphia and this place attracted my eye on Yelp, so we thought we would try it out.  Easy to find (thank you Google Maps!), but finding a parking space was challenging (we wound up parking about three blocks away).

It is a small place with limited seating, but we timed it nicely as a large table was cleared just as we arrived so we had little time to wait to be seated.  Our waitress was wonderful as she explained our options and everything that we ordered was perfectly done and more than delicious.

The decor was really interesting; all-in-all a nice place to eat even with the parking challenges.
I cannot wait to return here and I only just left. 

When we arrived the only seats open were at the kitchen counter which we were fine with but after 15 minutes seats by the Window opened up. When we asked to move the servers happily granted our request and moved us promptly. 

Upon arriving here we realized it was byob but with no close by liquor store we decided to go ahead and eat minus the booze...until we saw they do bellinis. (Buy the juice get the sparkling wine deal). It was $35 which isn't terrible but obviously bringing our own would of been cheaper. They also do virgin Bloody Marys for those that want to bring their own vodka! 

To eat my friend and I split the Dutch baby and the uitsmijter. The savory Dutch baby was my favorite, light and fluffy with smoky sausage. You could also pour maple syrup on if you still have a hankering for something sweet. The uitsmijter was good but after trying the Dutch baby, nothing crazy special, although it was quite tasty. We wanted to get the huevos rancheros or the steak and eggs but they were out (I guess that's what we getting for rolling into brunch at 1:30).

I will definitely be coming back to this sunshine and pancake-filled establishment. 4.75/5
It's a nice and cozy cafe. The food was delicious. The staff were very friendly and kind. The price was more than worth it. Would love to back!
I had the huevos rancheros special and it was out of this world! By far the best I have ever had. Staff were super friendly and attentive. So happy this is on my block! Will definitely be back to check out other menu items.
Dropped in for 2pm brunch with my pals. Pregnant - so skipped the mimosas which looked awesome (judging by the table sitting near us having a perfect Saturday) and drank the rather pleasant fruit flavored water (free, nice touch) and orange juice. Service was fast, food was out much faster than expected given the large portions and well plated initial appearance. I got what I equated to a Mexican waffle. It was bangin. Weird combo, but I had a hunch. The waffle alone was quality - topped with cheese, eggs, black beans and salsa.  Nice work.
What a great little restaurant for brunch.  Nicely prepared food served by friendly staff.  
Visited today for first time.  Ordered the savory scallion waffle topped with creamed chip beef; it was unusual and delicious.  
Weekdays are a nice time to visit; plan on a wait on weekends.  
Well worth a visit!
Decent brunch spot in South Philly for a group of friends. I'm a fan of the Cold Pressed Apple juice, tasted very crisp and fresh (make sure you order a cup of ice to go with it). For my entree I ordered the Sweet Buttermilk Waffle with strawberries, bananas and blueberries. It was delish! The waffle could've been a little crispier but nonetheless, still tasty. We had a side of turkey bacon and sausage too, it was dry, overcooked and not as good as expected. We also had the Chicken and Waffles from the specials menu. That looked amazing. The chicken was cooked to perfection and just the right amount of tenderness. I do recommend switching the default waffle to a buttermilk waffle though, as the waffle it comes with is somewhat soggy. I also recommend asking for a sweet maple syrup to top the dish, instead of the maple gravy. However, service was not what I expected for a tiny brunch spot. The servers did not have much enthusiasm or had a smile on their face through my whole experience. Came to check in on us maybe once. Food was good, but could improve on their service.
This was our first time dining at The Dutch and it was wonderful. My husband and I are moving in the neighborhood and we were told this restaurant was great. Our server, Becca was fast, courteous and made you feel like you've been going there for years. The food was fresh and delicious. We now have our first favorite restaurant in our new neighborhood!!!
Best breakfast I've ever had.i wish the place was bigger though because it felt a little cramped. My friend came in from out of town and wanted to do breakfast so we at there.  Definitely get the steak and eggs Benedict it was delicious and the steak was cooked perfect the gravy was also to die for ... I will definitely be back
I was so happy we were able to get a table at The Dutch. I'd been looking for a good brunch spot all weekend and based on the reviews, this was the place to go! I got the Sweet Dutch baby and it was amazing. My senses enjoyed every bit of it! It was very filling and it tasted fresh. Many sweet breakfast items can taste super processed or overly sweetened, but this was that natural fresh sweet taste in every part of it. I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband also enjoyed his breakfast. I tried his eggs, and I had a side of bacon and it was tasty
This has been on my radar for a bit now and I finally got to try it out yesterday! We had a party of 5 + a dog and we sat outside. Service was a bit slow but it looked like they were understaffed so it's understandable. The Dutch baby was very good and I will definitely be back!
5Shrimp & Grits: Bacon, peppers, onions, cheese, sunny eggs, and toast- One of the best shrimp and grits in Philly! The saltiness from the bacon really pulled the ingredients together making the flavors pop! The grits were made like real southern grits with cream and were not watery like most places.

5Fried Chicken & Waffles: Herb biscuit waffle and maple gravy- The herb biscuit waffle was definitely interesting and like no other. With the fried chicken gave a real savory touch on this dish with a touch of sweetness in the waffle and the maple gravy that came on the side. 

Overall 5 Highly recommend for weekday breakfast or weekend brunch! Service was great and attentive. 
Recommendation: Go earlier than later on weekends as there is always usually a wait/line.
Brunch BYOB is always enjoyable and this place is right around the corner from me so how can I not? I got a savory dutch baby and it was very good! I also got a scone that was the bomb.  My only issue with this place is that it's just too expensive for what you get. In comparison to other brunch places where you spend the same amount you get a ton more food.  Other than that the atmosphere is amazing, the staff was nice, the wait was long but everyone was so chill that it didn't really matter.  I will forgive the prices a bit mostly because I like the place and want it to stay but I probably won't be going back that often if I'm being honest.
Cute little shop.  I got the savory Dutch baby and my wife got the savory waffle.  Both were just fantastic.  High recommend this place and we will definitely come back for those savory waffles!
This was a great place for breakfast and brunch. Although there always seems to be a crowd of people waiting outside, don't let that scare you off. They have a quick turnover and we didn't have to wait more then 5 minutes. Due to the high volume of people the waitresses were very busy so don't expect highly attentive servers.

The waitresses were running around but the food was cooked perfectly and not rushed out of the kitchen. The food was amazing, so good you could not stop even when you got full. 

Give this place a try you won't regret it.
Love them for brunch and it's so cute and friendly! They just opened for dinner--vegetarians beware, there aren't any options and the kitchen isn't super-accommodating. Still would highly recommend for great brekkie and awesome service! If they added one solid veg option to the evening menu they'd get that 5th star from me :)
My husband and I went to the Dutch for brunch last Saturday, mostly because we were in the neighborhood.  I am so glad we went-it was fantastic!  It's bright and airy, and everyone on the staff was very friendly and welcoming. The food was fantastic, my husband raved about the grilled romaine salad, I had one of their specialties - the Uitsmijeter, which was wonderful. One of the owners was working and greeting everyone-he went out of his way to run out the door to say goodbye to some people.  We will be back, but I'm sure it will be packed once people find out about this gem!
