Their gourmet pizza is off the hizzle.

Seriously, their Healthy Hawaiian makes me want to fly to the islands. Pineapple, turkey sausage, and mozzarella? Sign me up. The Viva Espana isn't shabby, all Spanish chorizo, red onion, and paprika. If you want pocket-sized party favorites, opt for their personal pies. No matter what size you get, save any leftovers.

Find Couch Tomato Cafe in Manayunk.
after wowing the pants off of my parents (not literally - ew!) with brunch at honey's, when it came time to grab a bite to eat for dinner, the pressure was on to impress once again.

our shopping endeavors had taken us to main street, manayunk - my old stomping grounds - so the folks were familiar with quite a few of the local restaurants, but were eager to get back to home in jersey and hesitant to spend too much time at a sit down meal. my solution: couch tomato! though i was convinced (still am, really) that they had enjoyed take-out from them years ago when i lived there, they claimed no memory of this. ah, the joys of getting old.... (sorry, mom & dad!) 

regardless of their alzheimer's moment, one look at the menu, and they were sold. dad ordered the pollo pesto personal pizza (hold the roasted peppers), mom ordered the pear-fection salad, i ordered the pump it up portabella salad and she & i also ordered one slice of the garden of eating pizza (white pie with spinach, feta & sun-dried tomatoes) to share.

much like at honey's, everything was delish and everyone left with full, happy bellies. and our over-ordering after a huge brunch paid off, as we all packed up leftovers for tomorrow - woo!
Finding a good pizza in Philly is like trying to find the Holy Grail. This conundrum has always amazed me, because we have such a vibrant history of tasty food. Couch Tomato makes a mean pie, and they do it with a smile upon their faces to boot. Sure, it's a pie best enjoyed in the privacy of your own home (that place is teeny tiny) but you'll be licking the box clean when you're done, cursing the fact that you didn't buy an extra so you could have leftovers for later that night. 

Not that that happened to me or anything...
If your looking for a fresh salad thats hearty and clearly have good quality ingredients check out the couch tomato cafe!

According to their website, their food is made  fresh, local and organic, so its definitely worth the money spent. I arrived on a very hot day and decided to get the pear fection salad to somewhat cool off from the heat lol.

The staff was friendly and my wait time was no more than 4 minutes. When I tasted my salad it was wonderful, it had sliced pears, candy pecans, dried cranberries, chicken, turkey bacon and blue cheese. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would definetly come back when I'm in the area.

Once again if you enjoy a good salad come to the couch tomato. They also specializes in pizza and soup as well! Oh and can't forget to mention their restaurant is in the same vicinity as the cafe if you would like to sit down and eat!
Froufrou pizza that's ridiculously expensive, has no crunch and is weighed down with toppings. Unless you're in the mood for a bacon cheeseburger pizza, I'd try Riverside down the street instead. 

With that said, the salads and soups are AMAZING. Each salad is freshly made to order (takes a lot of time), and comes with tons of toppings. Their caesar is delicious, and has large shavings of aged parmesan. The home made dressings are addictive. 

Tips: Get your dressing on the side, they just slop it on top and don't mix it in. Call ahead if possible - recently they've improved this service and offer a separate line for picking up orders. It'll save you a good 20-30 minutes during the lunch traffic. Avoid the delicious warm triangles of wheat bread - I swear they must have 500+ calories. 

They are cleaning up a lot behind their restaurant to make a new parking lot.
It has been a while since I reviewed the Couch Tomato Café and a recent visit here confirmed that it is is still a cool place to eat in Manayunk.  Staff are always friendly here, the atmosphere is always cheerful and bright.  I ordered one of my favorite pizzas that they serve up - the totally delicious short rib pizza with horseradish sauce, bacon, and arugula along with grana padano and mozzarella cheeses.  It's def one of Philly's tastiest pizzas!  Since my last review the Couch Tomato has opened a branch in West Chester which I have never tried but I'm just as happy to have the original one in Manayunk not too far from where I live!
Among other things, the C.T. Café puts out a fairly good and large pizza pie. They do come thin, which doesn't fit my dough loving nature, but the flavor is up there in quality. Price is a little high for the area which brings the rating down a star for me, as did thin crust, but to each their own. For the best local pizza in my eyes, hit Roma's on Ridge ave. (very doughy, but closed on Sunday and does not deliver). For those that crave the thin crust in the neighborhood, it doesn't get much better than Couch Tomato (only one comparable would be Alex's, but they are in a different league altogether).

**** Owner contacted me and assured me that he listens to all critiques on his business and strives to improve upon them, he even sent me a voucher for a free personal pan style pie to prove it. I have yet to redeem it, but hands on service and customer appreciation like that deserves a star increase in my book.
Here we go again.
I have never had such a conflicted relationship with a restaurant.
They create salads that blow me away. The kind of combinations that wake me in the middle of the night with cravings. It began with my love for the Salmon Perricone back in the day. Things I never thought I would enjoy, all in one salad that just made it all work on so many levels. And now the Santorini, with quinoa and falafel, again, things that just work so well together.

But if the folks at Couch Tomato put in half as much effort into serving their customers as they do into creating these great feasts, I wouldn't be writing this review. You can see by my history of writing these reviews that I have given them more than a few chances. And while coupons for free salads are fine, there is a bigger issue here that can't be bought with freebies.

Tonight we called and ordered two salads. We are told twenty minutes, no problem.
We get there to pick them up, wait ten minutes, we're called to the register to pay. No problem. Another ten minutes, and someone finally says, "We're out of falafel, what would you like instead?" Pump the brakes there cha-cha.....

Where was that information when I called to place the order? Perhaps you weren't out then, so we'll move on to when I walked in to pick it up and you asked which order was mine. You didn't tell me then that you were out. Again, perhaps you weren't out yet. So ten minutes later when you asked me to pay for the two salads, you didn't tell me then either. Clearly you must have known at some point in the process that you were out. But you wait until AFTER I pay to ask what I want in place of the main ingredient in the salad? Fine, give me more chickpeas and quinoa.

But then, I get home and it's made with the wrong greens as well? You weren't out of arugula, I saw that, so this was just pure negligence. And thinking back on every other negative experience I've had at CT, it's always been negligence. It's just sad. So much potential, but a complete inability to execute.

I can't say I won't be back, because when the craving for one of my favorite salad hits, I won't have any choice, but I can't say that I'm happy about financing my own frustration and continual disappointment. (I mean, even McDonalds get's it right some of the time.)

I would love to offer a solution after this rant, but I cannot even understand how this happens time and time again, so alas I've got nothing.
Whether you crave a slice of pizza or delicious salad, Couch Tomato has an amazing array of menu items to suit your taste.  Being gluten-free, I love their salads.  Grape Expectations is my favorite because their chicken salad is AWESOME.  They make homemade soups that are available daily...check the website for the offerings.  Pizza smells delicious and I hear it's quite good.  Overall - great place for take out or a lunch outside if it's summertime.  Looking forward to an expanded dining room so you can eat-in easily.
So their salads are still #1 in my book, but I've had their pizza a couple times since my last review as well. Pizza here isn't life-changing or anything, but it is a decent ode to the New York pie. They get the ingredient ratios right instead of just smothering everything with cheap cheese like most places in Philly. Toppings are fresh and the crust is actually properly crisp (miraculous, I know). It isn't the Brooklyn pizza I crave, but it will tide me over.

Pizza = 4 stars, Salads = 10 stars
I've never heard anyone complain about this place... but i'm going to start.  fine - their salads are decent and their selections are impressive.  Seems like you can create just about anything with the salads, wraps and pizzas.  But does anyone else realize THEIR PIZZA IS HORRIBLE?  i keep going back to give them one more chance, but i'm officially finished.  Their whole wheat crust is tasteless (and i know.. it usually can be but i've had better tasting cardboard) and if i order riccotta on my pizza and find a strange "white drizzle" across the entire thing.. that's not going to fly.  I ordered their "touch of italy" and i promise, there was no touch.. not even a sprinkle.  It was suppose to have sausage and roasted peppers.. but they were so skimpy on the toppings it all looked the same.  Once i identified the white drizzle across the pizza, i was extremely disappointed that they think that's a fair way to distribute a lovely italian cheese.  I'm finished with this overpriced, late delivery, scanty toppings, establishment.  
But being that everyone else in the world loves this place... i doubt my opinion matters.  You guys can keep it.
I am going to sound like a suck-up - but Couch Tomato is one of the best, if not THE best cafe outside of the city. C.T. is right off of Main St in Manayunk and specializes in specialty pizzas, wraps, and salads. The atmosphere inside is neat with stools, a bright red couch and tables. Add in some track lighting and you've got 'neat'.  

Usually when I goto a place like this I like to try their vegetarian entres because they are usually the most creative ones - not at CT. On my first visit with a friend from college we indulged on a Paco's Taco Pie. This pizza had meat, sour cream, tortilla chips, and some great cheeses. The 2nd time I visited with my parents we all went the salad route (which I recommend now) and got the 'Strawberry Fields Forever' salad which had greens, strawberries (duh), almonds, and coconut shavings. 

I know a lot of yelpers aren't the biggest Manayunk fans (not that I can blame them), but if you are outside the city swing a turn on that exit 338 and try Couch Tomato - you'll say, "Thanks Matt H."
The Couch Tomato offers fresh gourmet pizza which I have no doubt you will enjoy.  I'll admit, when I saw their prices for "gourmet" pizzas, I figured The Couch Tomato Cafe was just another overpriced slice.  I'm also willing to admit I was wrong.  The unique and delicious pizzas are made fresh, served by a friendly staff, and worth the extra change. A recently discovered bonus for me was their gluten-free options that allowed a friend to join me on my latest trip.  Additionally, since I live within walking distance, I never considered how much of a bonus their free valet parking is until my out of town guest reminded me!

With vegetarian and vegan options, you can find a slice for you and all your friends.  Of course, I still recommend the Meaty Redhead!
I've been wanting to try this place for years! I realize it's not a destination restaurant or whatever, but I have this thing for crazy original pizza and was excited to try it during Manayunk's restaurant week. 

The RW deal was nice. It only set me back 10 bucks for a huge slice of pizza, a gigantic salad and a dessert. Even though I went around 3 o'clock, well after lunch hour, there was still a great variety of pizzas to choose from. And they didn't look like they had been sitting since lunch, which was something I was nervous about before I arrived. I picked the baked potato inspired pizza. Turkey bacon, roasted potatoes, cheese, and drizzled with sour cream. It was really good, and I was really surprised by the ginormousness of the slice. It's pretty much at least two slices of a normal pizza. I also picked the chipotle chicken salad. Tons of fresh ingredients, a lot of roasted chicken, and it was easily the size for two light ish lunches. The price of a large is 9 dollars, so you're totally getting your money's worth. I was not a big fan of the chipotle dressing, however. It was fairly thick, and was almost more like a zesty, chipotle mayo than a dressing. I just kind of cut it with some ranch at home, and it was fine. 

The Couch Tomato is more of a counter service than a sit down. I had nice service at the counter though. Even at a slow time of day, there was a lot of staff ready to help you explain the menu, the type of pizzas offered on display, someone standing at the register patiently waiting for me to decide, etc. There is limited seating inside, but a really nice-looking patio outside to dine in nicer weather. I will definitely be back, but probably to take advantage of their happy hour special. From 4-6, get a (huge, remember) slice of pizza, and any draft beer for 5 bucks! How good is that.
Finally, a place that makes exotic baked potatoes - just what my Irish heart needed.  What I didn't realize was that you could get just about everything on a baked potato here... I think I opted for Mexican toppings last night... not sure though... I blacked out halfway through it...

Pie's are fantastic here.  Last night was my third trip to Couch Tomato Café and I went for the "Mushroom Madness."  Don't let the name fool you, I wasn't all that mad after I ate it.  It wasn't too filling, it has a nice garlic crust and four different types of mushrooms on it.  In fact, it's sitting in my work refrigerator now waiting for the microwave noon consumption. 

Why not 5-stars?  The price.  I love these artisan pizza places and am rarely disappointed.  Between Couch Tomato and Rustica in NoLibs, but my only gripe is the price.  I really think $20 for a regular sized pizza is a bit too much.  The toppings are great though!  Cilantro, chicken, salsa verdé, hummus!  Regardless, this is my second review this week where I took off a star for overall price... maybe I'm growing cheap in my old age?  I'm thinking restaurant owners are capitalizing on our generation of "foodies."  Either way, give Couch Tomato a shot.
5-stars for customer service and adpoting customer feedback.

I wrote a review a few months back about The Couch Tomato Café and have gone maybe six times since.  Just last week I received an e-mail from the owners stating that they appreciated my honest review and have taken it into consideration with the pricing of their pies (I gave CTC a 4-star originally because I felt that they weren't overpriced, just pricey for a pizza).  If you've seen the new menu, you'll the prices are more competitive.

Like I said before, go to The Couch Tomato Café and try ANYTHING on the menu (although, I recommend the Tandoori Pizza).
I LOVE this place! Being not that far from me, I tend to place a lot of orders for carryout. I love that the food is fresh, local, and organic. So far everything I have had from here has been delicious. The menu is super creative, and they will easily accommodate changes. The wraps are huge, and perfect for whenever I plan on having leftovers. The pizzas (both gluten free and the normal one) are flavorful and not greasy at all. 

I highly recommend the Where's Waldorf salad (that comes with their warm fluffy bread); for wraps-La Fiesta, Food Pyramid; Calorie cruncher pizza (don't let the name fool you-it is NOT short on flavor!), Hot n honey chicken; and the kickin' chicken sandwich is also really good grilled on a thick panini like bread. Usually the wraps come with the sauce on the side, which is good so that leftovers don't get soggy, but sometimes I wish they drizzled it right in there!

Their rewards/points program is also a huge plus! There are plenty of promotions around the holidays, which I always try to take advantage of. You also get double the points if you order online, and a reward every 100 pts. Another tip-if you plan on ordering carryout, there are reserved spots right in front of the cafe where you can pull up and call the number on the sign for them to carry it out to you so that you don't have to find parking!
We had a girls night a few weeks ago and due to the torrential downpours, decided we were going to order in instead of venturing out.  We were prepared to take VERY good care of our delivery guy, and when we checked out the Couch Tomato menu, we were all really excited to give them a shot.  The food arrived very VERY late, but again, in terrible weather, we still tipped the delivery guy well, and didn't complain at all.  However, once we started taking the food out of the bags, we realized that they had missed a few items (a wrap, two apples, and a dressing on the side).  We called the restaurant and were told that they could get a new one out to us, but that it would take at least two hours.  It was already after 8 PM, and call me crazy, but I wasn't interested in eating dinner at 10 PM, hours after everyone else had eaten.  We were told that there was a credit on our order, once it was accessed after asking repeatedly.  When I asked how we were supposed to know that there was a credit, or how we would have received it, we were connected to someone who IMMEDIATELY  gave us attitude.  He mumbled his name every time it was asked, but I believe it was something along the lines of Derrell.

At this point, I was getting fired up.  I understand that mistakes happen, and especially on a night with terrible weather, it has to be a crappy job to put it all together, but how a company handles themselves when they make a mistake says everything about whether they deserve repeat business.  Derrell pretty much yelled at us, offered coupons for future visits, and when we said that because of the way the situation was being handled, we weren't interested in coming back, so he shouldn't waste his time sending them out, he told us that they would credit the $9 for the wrap, and hung up the phone.

We sat down to eat and split the remaining food up to cover for the missing items.  After eating, we realized that he had called back a few minutes after hanging up on us, and left a voice mail stating that he was going to credit the entire order back to the credit card, but needed us to call to give him the number.  My friend who had used her card called back, and spoke to a completely different Derrell (different attitude, not different person) who stated he didn't need the card after all, and she would see the credit by that Tuesday.

Fast forward to today, when the credit finally posts.  Mind you that while today is a Tuesday, it is, in fact, three Tuesdays later.  There have been about a dozen phone calls, the first few being filled with "check your account in a few more days" followed by "we use a third party provider who needs to credit the money back to you."  My friend finally contacted the third party, and was told that The Couch Tomato have never informed them that the charge should have been cancelled, and therefore hadn't ever attempted to post a credit back to the card.  After that conversation, my friend gave the Couch Tomato one last try to take care of it, and received yet another offhanded response, designed to get her to hopefully just walk away and forget about it without getting her money back.  Luckily, the third party company contacted them and took care of it, or else who knows when this would have ended.

Don't get me wrong... They had NO REASON to have to refund the full amount of the order.  That was going above and beyond, and we never asked for it (Hence the second star, which was honestly VERY hard to give...)  All we wanted was the money back for the food that we didn't get, and maybe a sincere apology for what was obviously the restaurant's mistake.  They called us back, after we had moved on, and offered it.  But once it is offered, it's their responsibility to follow up on it.  And had they only offered to credit back the $9, we might have just given up and walked away, letting them keep the money.  In that case, they would have been no less wrong than they were for treating the situation the way they did over more money.  And it makes me wonder how often they pull things like this, and screw over their customers because it's easier to give up than to fight for what's right.

I won't be going back again, which is a shame because the wrap I ordered and didn't get sounded absolutely heavenly, and other than the soup, all the food the other girls got received rave reviews.  Sadly, bad customer service WAY outweighs good food.
The first time I went here, I had a little trouble finding it.  It's not on Main Street, but Rector Street.  I love the whole wheat pizzas.  It is rather filling.  If you're not in the mood for a pizza, the salads are great too, but they are pretty big.
I've been to the Couch Tomato several times. It's important to note this place encompasses two different restaurants-the café and the upstairs bistro. Both serve fresh, local and organic items but the café is more of a quick service restaurant.  You can order items like salads, artisan pizzas, sandwiches and homemade soups. The café has a few tables outside and offers takeout/delivery.  The bistro also serves the same items as the café but has a more extensive menu featuring cheese boards, design your own pizza, appetizers, fresh pasta and more.

If you are looking for specialized dining they offer vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options.  

It was Manayunk Restaurant Week during my recent visit.  I was able to get a 3 course meal for $25.00 and it consisted of the fried goat cheese salad, breaded chicken cutlet and gelato with fresh fruit.  All three courses were delish and left me wanting more.  

Service was a bit slow but this is expected during RW. The waitress mentioned they were understaffed and was apologetic about the wait.  The waitress forgot to bring out my friends appetizer with the salads so to make up for their error they comp'd the app for her.  Unfortunately, the bad luck didn't stop there.  As I was digging into my chicken cutlet I had trouble cutting the meat only to realize there was a piece of plastic in my dish.  This was unfortunate because I was thoroughly enjoying the dish up to that point.  I informed the waitress and she apologized and told me she would inform the manager.  About 10 minutes later, the manager (I can't remember her name at this point) came to the table and was extremely apologetic.  She told me she had a discussion with the kitchen staff and they were guessing that a piece of the wrapper for the prosciutto may have accidentally made its way into the dish when the wear using the slicer to cut the meat.  The piece of plastic was approximately 1" x ¼" and was large enough to be a choking hazard.  I am glad I saw it in the dish before consuming it.  To make up for the error my meal was comp'd and the manager took my email address and phone number down so she could send me something, however it's been a few days and I haven't heard from her. 

I understand accidents happen but this could have ended differently.  I hope they will be more careful in the future.
Great pizza place--especially for a late-night slice! Lots of different types of pizzas are available to try, but you are at the mercy of whatever comes out of the oven, because they don't always have plain slices out. They are also really generous with the toppings on the non-plain slices. Couch Tomato also has a really wide selection of non-pizza options as well, like salads and wraps. The inside is really bright and clean, even though it's tiny.
While I don't think it's worthy of being dubbed the #1 restaurant in Philly, I'm having a hard time giving Couch Tomato a bad review to counterbalance. You've won this round fairness!

But at least that reason is justified. When My family threw my cousin an awesome surprise 30th Birthday Couch Tomato was there catering out a mighty tasty assortment of sandwiches, pizza, and salad. And our whole group of family and friends that were there enjoyed it thoroughly with zero complaints which is a tricky thing to do. But the attention to detail that went into the cards explaining what was in each item, the freshness of the ingredients, and then some just had to be acknowledged.

So while places like Southwark, Sabrina's, Little Fish, and then some might be a little more deserving of that #1 honor. Couch Tomato definitely deserves some mad respect. and I haven't even tried the soup yet.
Had been wanting to stop in here for a while and finally had a chance one Sunday afternoon. I don't live in Manayunk, so I drove in -- while I was worried about finding a spot, luck was on our side and we found one (with no meter, yet!) about a half a block from the restaurant. When we arrived we were immediately greeted. The woman who greeted us explained that downstairs was the more casual cafe and upstairs was more formal seating with table service. The staff members were alll very pleasant and friendly, which was nice.

The cafe was cute, but small. It had a few tables as well as a bar at window seating. We sat at the window seating and my husband and I each ordered two slice of pizza. They were delivered to us after about 5-minute wait and came out hot and crispy. I thought the crust was a good thickness and had a nice bite to it. My favorite of the two slices I ordered was the Italian Stallion -- tomatoes, provolone, sausage, fennel, and basil. I would definitely stop back in for that slice. I also like that Couch Tomato serves New Hope Soda. My husband and I both had ginger ale and it had a great flavor without being excessively sweet. 

It was a great choice for lunch and I think we'll be back again soon.
I first tried Couch Tomato about a month ago. I called ahead since it was Saturday night and was told there was an hour wait. So I go to pick it up about an hour later and surprise! It's not there. And what's more is that they have no record of me or my order in the system.

So they inform me it will be another 20 minutes. It's a shame since they have really good pizza. They just need to be a little more responsible when it comes to slip ups. My large Martguerita pizza was huge and the fact that it was delicious did not save me from the sinking feeling of disappointment that they did not seem to care about the fact that I had to wait around for an order that should have been waiting for me the first time.

Update: I do want to mention that Craig, the owner, has contacted me and not only apologized but is currently trying to make sure that this does not happen to anyone else. He obviously cares about his business and wants to make sure all of his customers are satisfied, which is a rare thing today.
I ordered a whole wheat vegetarian pizza and found it to be VERY DRY and unappetizing.  I think that pizza style can be a very personal thing and this one is just not for me.  After posting this review I was contacted by Couch Tomato with an apology for a pizza that didn't satisfy and the offer of a coupon for a complimentary pizza and the recommendation that I try the regular crust.  If all vendors took the opportunity to use Yelp as a tool to improve their products and services as CT did the world would be a much better place.
I'm going to start writing my review before the food even gets here bc it's pissing me off that it's taking literally an HOUR. I mean this is what they said eta but like what the fuck, I'm hungry and this is obscene. It's also obscene that a 16" pizza is almost $18. Is it? Am I crazy? We're calling them now.

70 minutes after our original order, the person on the phone told the caller "10-15 more minutes" and that the person was "leaving right now" and that "you guys are the first stop". Ok. I was so hangry that it was seriously interfering with my ability to enjoy drunk history. 

13 minutes after the phone call and 83 minutes after placing our order, I was preparing to call them AGAIN because I felt that this was really unacceptable. I have been ordering food since college, circa 2008 and I have NEVER experienced this before. Luckily for them about 90 seconds before my internal timer would go off for me to call them and give them a few more assholes, they arrived. Also, considering this, one would expect some sort of discount on our order or an offer for a future discount. Neither of which was given. Bad customer service.

Total time from placing order to receiving delivery: 84 minutes. Don't order from there unless you call during the meal prior to the meal you're ordering for. This is fucking ridiculous. Fuck this place.

I have a few more things to complain about. The options are pizza, salads, and sandwiches. They offer only 10" and 16" so no happy medium whatsoever. The pizza offerings are interesting though. I decided to build my own and was really disappointed in the lack of olives or any hot peppers, what the fuck? These are pretty standard pizza toppings, I don't think expectations for them are unreasonable. 

I also wouldn't expect to pay almost $18 not including tax or tip for a 16" with peppers and spinach but, a'ight. 

Let's get to the food. Crust is thin, and this is the closest resemblance to NY pizza I've had since moving to Philly. Sauce is good. Good sauce to cheese ratio. Crust is crispy. However, the structural integrity of the bottom crust is lacking, it was bordering on soggy and it was DEFINITELY soggy when I had it for leftovers. I find pizza sog to be repulsive. 

I won't be ordering from here again because I prefer my delivery to come before I retire.
So the wife and I were driving home from The Jersey Shore and decided to find a Philly place to eat that wasn't Pat's OR Gino's, and the wife wasn't able to check reviews as fast as I was driving, so we made it out of Philly and found this place that had a jillion reviews mostly all great, so said, yeah - let's get off here and go try this out. Glad we did wow wow wow WOW. I lived in New York, been to Italy, North Beach in San Fran - and this might be one of the best pizza crusts I've ever tried ever. 

I don't do pork - not my scene. So when perusing the menu was fascinated to see several of the pizzas had turkey bacon on them. The first one we ordered - the loaded baked potato, was out of this world. Had sliced thick potatoes on it, the aforementioned turkey bacon, cheddar, sour cream. So darn good. That crust was so buttery, thin, and crisp. And the bacon was so crisp and perfectly cooked. The sour cream was hot - yet awesome. Amazing pie. 

The other one we got was the South Philly - had some sort of spicy ketchup on it not sure what it was, mentioned on the menu. But it was so damned good it was amazing. I wanted to order it and eat it by the spoonful. then the philly meat was moist and flavorful, on a white crust. Amazing, and like the other pie the crust was crisp and PERFECT. 

We also had the hummus before hand, really good hummus. Had some sort of flavor I couldn't place. something ever so slightly spicy in a good way. Nice crisp cool vegetables and good pita with it. 

Only thing I'd say was iffy was the service because they thought we were a to go order but we were staying in to eat. They were so darned friendly, and once they figured out the snafoo, they were all over us. 

If you're within 50 miles - make the trip. You'll be happy you did.
3 stars because the restaurant itself is very tiny and the food is overpriced.

Something that confused me when I lived in Manayunk was why people went here for pizza when there were other (better) pizza joints in the neighborhood. Maybe because it's cute? I don't know. The salads are pretty good, which is something I can't say for most of the other pizza places.

I'd say this is a good option if you want something that's not going to give you a heart attack and you're in walking distance to pick your food up, since finding a seat can be difficult at times.
So I'm giving Couch Tomato 3 stars instead of 5 because of my last 2 recent visits.

CT used to be my Go-To spot for any salads, wraps, or sometimes even pizza.  Their prices are a bit higher, but worth it for me because of the large portions, and extremely fresh products.  Also to note, I have only eaten in once (before the dine in was complete), and I usually take out.

The last 2 times I have ordered from there, have been disappointing.  They missed part of my order, and when I got home, I wasn't in the mood to drive back.  The most recent order (about 2.5 weeks ago) really took the cake, and I don't think I will be returning for a while.

I called ahead to place and order, and when I go in, like anyone else, I expect to pay, grab a back sitting there waiting for me, and be on my way.  Well last time I went to pick up my food, I was literally in there for 20-25 minutes!!!  There was 1 couple in front of me ordering, so I patiently waited.  Granted, I think not only was it the couple's first time in CT, it was probably their first time in the country, and maybe their first time ordering food.  There was only one guy basically doing everything (working the register, making the food, warming up the pizza) and a non-english speaking individual making salads.  There was probably 5-7 other that I could see, but non of them bothered to help.  So after they finish ordering this same guy starts putting slices in the over, bagging some of their items, etc, etc...  So now 17-18 mins later, he asks me what I'd like, and I tell him I am picking up, and he rings me up, taking a whole 15 seconds.  he then goes to the back (I am assuming to grab my food), but i see him start making food again.  As I am STILL standing at the register, he then comes back to me and tells me he rung me up but forgot to hand me my bad of food, which was just sitting there the entire time.

So now I'm already furious because i called ahead, and had to wait 25 minutes for what could of been a 30 second process.  When we get home to eat the salads, the lettuce is brown, and half rotten.  The apples in the smokey sweet salad were also brown and discolored.  We asked for light on the sunflower seeds for the Greek Salad, and were charged extra for them!  The damn salad comes with Sunflower seeds!

After the last experience, I probably will not return, but prior to then, I was there about once a week, and it was delicious.  I just hope they don't go down the big business path of low quality now that they are gaining popularity.
I've had Lorenzos, Tony's, Tacs..you know the rest. Couch Tomato has the best slices I've had. If you're into thin and crispy, you have to try one. They definitely have the gourmet toppings (taco, buffalo chix, white) and they do calzones, too.

Every girl in line will no doubt be ordering their hufreakingmungous bowls of salads, but get twice slices of pizza and a soda and sit outside. I promise you you'll love it.

Vote for this baby next time Citysearch is running their Best Ofs. . .
So my boyfriend and I typically have a monthly affair with Couch Tomato... one that has been maintained for almost 3 years now. Though we haven't gone to the Tomato Bistro too often, I appreciate the addition which offers a wider variety and of course the gluten free options, (helpful as I have family members with Celiac, and often try to stay away from gluten myself.) The pizza is always spot on - give the boyfriend an 18inch plain on wheat crust and we're good to go. I'm pretty sure I've witnessed him eat almost an entire pie in one sitting.

I usually go for the soups and salads which I have always LOVED but am sad to point out that I'm using the past tense here. Couch Tomato has failed to impress lately... and it hasn't just been a one time deal. The first time it happened I was surprised; the second time I was in denial, "okay, two in a row but this is still a fluke" the third time I was pretty annoyed and now, the fourth time of them getting my order wrong/skimping on portions or ingredients/making false claims, I'm downright disappointed. 

As others have pointed out, the prices are pretty steep, but that really never bothered me because in my eyes the portions were huge! The salads were always so jammed packed with the toppings and so delicious that I just couldn't be angry with the price. Not so much the last few times... especially when you're building your own salad. Charging "primo" or however much it is for roasted portabellas only to get a quarter cup of some dry shitty white buttons? I don't think so. And by the way, the Where's Waldorf isn't as tasty when it's missing the CHEESE. Oh,  and what happened to the wheat rolls? I am not a fan of whatever this new replacement is.

Anyway, having worked in the food industry for many years, these are things that I usually let slip.. but I'm sorry, things have been consistently incorrect or just sloppy lately And what put me over the edge was this... I had jaw surgery a few weeks ago and have been on a liquid diet. When my pizza-inhaling boyfriend wanted to get Couch Tomato I was fine with it because their soups are always delicious and often vegetarian (which I am). I called them up to see what the soups of the day were. Tomato Basil (their standard and always a winner) Black Bean (yum! I had it before and it was gooood) Veggie Chili (Sweet! never had this one before, sounds right up my alley) and some other one with meat in it that I'm sure was delicious but I'm not interested. It was a tough debate for me, but since I had all the others before and since this veggie chili was claimed to be gluten free (I'll have to try it and let my Celiac sister know if it's any good) I went for that. Ummm.... it wasn't chili. It was Minestrone soup and there were noodles in it, so unless they were gluten free noodles (which I inquired about to no response) than this is not a gluten free soup. I know being gluten free is a fad for many, but for some people (like my sister) they are severely allergic to gluten, and consuming this could have some really negative results. I no longer feel like I can trust the claims they make about their special menu items. 

Sorry Couch Tomato, I love you, but you need to step up your game... Since the Bistro has opened, the take out has really gone down-hill.
Everything here is good or great.  It will probably cost between $6-12/pp.  They give me looks for using credit cards which annoys me.  I heard they're opening the second floor this year.  Delivery speed is inconsistent.
The Couch Tomato Cafe is my favorite place in Manayunk.  We used to make special trips here and now that we live in the city we eat here often.

I've never had anything bad from the restaurant and there are so many choices that it is difficult to chose!  Some of my favorites are the food pyramid salad, pump it up portabella salad, health kick panini and chicken parm pizza.

Not only is the food excellent but the people that work there are always helpful and outgoing.  I also love that they are always making improvements. Such as beer on draft, online ordering, their points system, and their newest valet for the restaurant above/they will bring your food to your car for pick up since parking can be tricky.

Definitely check it out!!! There is something for everyone :)
This is a take-out favorite in the neighborhood with all its healthy options (or not healthy, if that's what kind of day it is). I love that their soups rotate daily. Some days they have interesting ones, like a chipotle crab soup I had recently. One of my favorites is the tortellini soup.

I love their fresh salads as well, especially the Santorini salad for a healthy vegetarian option. With chickpeas, quinoa, AND falafel, there's no shortage of protein. If I'm craving something sweet, I love the Food Pyramid and Pear-fection with delicious fresh fruit in it. Though the pecans sometimes are a little much, as they literally taste like candy. My boyfriend's FAVORITE salad is the Cobb salad, which he could eat multiple times a week. Even though they have these standard signature salads, it's awesome how it easy it is to customize them. 

The best part of the meals might be the delicious piece of wheat bread that they come with. Speaking of bread, their pizza is phenomenal. On one of those non-healthy days, my boyfriend convinced me to split a small short rib pizza, which I was on the fence about. Of course, it was still delicious. 

Basically, it's hard to go wrong here. With quality ingredients, the food speaks for itself. It can be a little pricey compared to your local pizza joint or cafe, but again, you're paying for premium ingredients and great service.
Good pizzas but I have to give them such a low rating becuase the prices are insane and the delivery always takes at least an hour!
Awww.....this place is so freakin' cute!!!  Who wouldn't want to have a cartoon tomato as your business logo!

Wraps, salads, soups, pizza, and sandwiches fill their uber-creative menu.  All of their produce is sourced locally which is a HUGE plus is my book.  They have a good amount of vegetarian items on the menu and seem to use healthier meat options in their meat dishes.

Order at the counter, take a seat, and wait for the yumminess!  This place gets packed  so take-out and delivery seem to be a popular option...in the warmer months they expand the dining area with tables and chairs outside.

According to the advertisements located on the tables it  looks like they have started expanding and will soon be offering an upstairs "formal-ish" dining area that will be called "The Tomato Bistro".  Upstairs will have an expanded menu, full waiter service, and a full bar.   

Great things are  happening over at the Couch Tomato!
I love Couch Tomato's salads. Yes, love them. I thought I already wrote a review for Couch Tomato and went to give them an update based on their catering salads alone.  

Their specialty salads are fresh and fun. They are chalk full of delicious ingredients that almost take away the salad/health aspect. My favorites are the Food Pyramid (spinach, roasted chicken strawberries, cucumbers, candied pecans & shredded mozzarella) and the Where's Waldorf (mixed greens, freshly sliced apples, gorgonzola, candied pecans & raisins).

There are so many pizza and salad places within the Manayunk and surrounding areas that are just so mediocre. Unfortunately, many times when a catered lunch shows up to the office it's from one of those mediocre places. It's always exciting when we get Couch Tomato. It's not very often that I love every part of a salad that I didn't pick out myself or didn't have to make a handful of substitutions with.  

Their pizzas are pretty good too. I typically stick to the salads but there are a lot of fun topping combos. 

I typically limit my 5 star ratings to restaurants that I have a more experiential interaction with, however Couch Tomato really stands out in the unique salad category.
Best salads everrrrr. I have never CRAVED salad the way I do now. They make their dressing fresh on site and it really makes a difference. Even though my favorite salad was taken off the menu (Oriental Expressions), they still make it for me. I don't know how they cook their chicken, but it is very juicy and flavorful. It is a good place for vegetarians as well.

The only downside is it's in Manayunk.
tl;dr a Manayunk staple offering standard American bistro fare, albeit for a premium price

"Have you been to Couch Tomato?" My partner swears that everyone has been asking her the same questions ever since she began her new job in Manayunk. Promising fresh and local ingredients, Couch Tomato offers an approachable American cafe menu, with an emphasis on artisan pizzas and options for gluten-free and plant-based diets.

The multilevel eatery is split into a takeout counter (the "Bistro") on the ground level with dine-in (the "Cafe") upstairs. The dining atmosphere leans toward a sophisticated take on rustic. Olive green walls are decorated sparsely with paintings and blown-glass lighting fixtures. Wooden tabletops, chairs, and floors are scattered below chandeliers made of repurposed wagon wheels fitted with incandescent bulbs. The space is decked out with multiple plasma screens.

I arrived for dinner with 2 friends, and we were prompted seated. The extensive menu (with a solid assortment of fairly priced draughts and cans) and wonky ordering system admittedly left us overwhelmed. We ended up opting to split 3 Personal-sized pies between us: the Buffalo Chicken, the Margherita, and the Veggie House Special (featuring feta, shitake, and artichoke). The surfboard-shaped Personals ran surprisingly large, a fair amount of food for a single individual. However, the former two pies tasted like amateur home cooking at best. The buffalo chicken was heavier on the celery than either buffalo or chicken (the house ancho was regrettably subdued), and the margarita pie felt incompletely spiced and one-dimensional. In contrast, the veggie special was quite enjoyable, with artfully rich undertones of garlic and olive oil to complement the cheese and veggies. Yet, for all the pies, the thin crust ran closer to thick and floppy than crispy.

Service was pleasant and appropriately attentive. But at ~$25 for a personal pie and a pint, Couch Tomato charges a bit of a premium for remarkable average eats. Despite its commitment to organic ingredients and reputation a crowd-pleaser, I unfortunately wouldn't go so far as to call Couch Tomato anything beyond forgettable.
I'm not really sure about the positive reviews on this place, I've experienced a few bad times here.

To start, the place is extremely appealing, they have tons of options for food, very healthy and organic. i cant hate on that at all. 

however, service is slow, workers aren't very on point, i dont know, seems to be run by people who are just 'health fanatics' (hippies) rather then people good with customer service. it comes across as these people work there as a status. 'oh i work at an organic food cafe'

again, food good. experience overall not so good. slow service, food a tad overpriced.

(i am making this a 5 star review because the management very politely reached out to me and asked me what they could do to earn 5 stars. i appreciate that extremely from a customer service level, and it shows management does care about there customers. place does need improvement with there workers, but other then that, go here for a good meal!)
Yum yum yum! I just love coming here to eat. I have tried many of the pizzas on the menu and they are all delicious. I also love the salads and wraps. My favorite salad is "The Food Pyramid" it is comprised of organic spinach, chicken, grated mozzarella, strawberries, cucumber and candied pecans topped with balsamic. Simply wonderful. All of the ingredients they use are fresh,  some are organic- that makes this place better than other pizza places. I can say that I have never had a bad meal at Couch Tomato. I have been a loyal customer and will continue to be!
I know I am very boring, but since they have opened I have got the same salad every time. I have turned most of my friends onto this salad too!
The Pump it up Portabella is awesome....love it!
Pizzas are fantastic as well!
All ingredients are fresh and you can tell love goes into the each salad or pizza!
I can not wait till the Bistro opens on the 2nd floor!
I put Couch Tomato on my "black list" about nine years ago for repeated poor customer service. I always felt customer service should be a top priority especially in such a competitive category (I.e. pizza/salad/takeout). Still I recognize their food is pretty good albeit pricey I would recommend them on occasion with the caveat that customers should expect a wait and not the best service. Today after my girlfriend had a bad day and was a bit on the "hangry" side I decided to make the stop so she could indulge in a nice salad (she has specific dietary restrictions). The layout still continues to be "off" to me and not a good flow but I can see getting over that quickly with repeated visits. I still would promote letting customers get their own drinks to speed up the service side of things. I ordered a salad off the menu and my girlfriend had a salad build to her likings. After waiting the anticipated longer than normal wait time we got our order and headed home. Upon arriving home and opening our orders my low expectations came to fruition once again as her order was messed up and had meat added to it (which was against her dietary restrictions and also not on the original order as per the receipt). After a bad day she wasn't going to go hungry so she had to go all the way back and have them correct the order (at which she says she was challenged initially that it was my order but quickly identified that was not the case). I'd like to take them off my trivial "black list" and knowing full well it is a bit petty because mistakes do happen but after my first experience back in a long time I likely won't be going back anytime soon. Not for everyone I guess. I wish them the best.
Based on the fact this place had 5star reviews from almost everyone, I thought it had to be amazing. AND IT IS. 

Super fresh ingredients and super tasty food!  I had the Popeyes Trail Mix sans cheese and plus pears. SO GOOD!! And also a slice of Hawaiian pizza because I legit cannot resist pineapple and ham on pizza. 

Yesterday while dining there I considered moving to Manayunk for my second year of school because of Couch Tomato's awesomeness, and I live in East Falls, so it's not like I'm far away in the first place.  I also am trying to come up with an event that they could cater. Ideas?  Med school graduation is too far away.
Just   so  good. Knowledgeable and friendly staff, fresh ingredients and a unique menu. I'm a fan of the "build your sandwich or pizza" option. The multi grain foccia bread is bangin, and the salad dressings are the bomb. Really great place when you want to feel like a Couch Tomato. Thanks folks.
I have eaten here a lot over the years I ve lived in Manayunk.  The food is consistently good.  I like that their salad dressings and soups are homemade and pizzas and salads have fresh ingredients. Some favorite pizzas are great white, American honey, and Italian stallion.  Food pyramid is a favorite salad. Service is usually good and you can even call when picking up and they'll bring it out to your car!  In summer they have outdoor seating.
The Buffalo Chicken Pizza here maaaay be the best novelty pizza that I've ever put in my mouth.  I really like the menu options, even if I will never take advantage of most of them.  Couch Tomato Cafe has a good, customizable selection of salads, wraps, and pizzas.  The atmosphere is a little fun, with couches (duh, their name) and bar style window seating and a few tables.   The staff is very helpful, yet often flirting with the edge of frazzled - no fault of theirs - they are busy, and that is a great sign for business.  

On a customer service note the Couch Tomato Cafe has impressed me.  Bry had a terrible experience here recently, crucified them in prose here on Yelp, and she was contacted by the Couch Tomato Cafe to address the problems she had.  I feel like this is the kind of interaction that really makes Yelp shine - and really makes Couch Tomato stand out as a proactive business.  Nice work.
Deeeeeelicious! 

Things you must try:

Tomato soup... OMG
Fig salad with goat cheese yummyyyy

Great atmosphere, friendly service, very reasonable prices! Also when you check on you can save money :)
I left a 4 star review last time, but felt I had to update it to a 5 star review. After posting my last review knew of the owners contacted me asking how he could get that 5th star and I told him that a commitment to organic food would do it for me. From the organic crust to the antibiotic free meat along with plenty other vegan and vegetarian options, you have to give props to a restaurant that not only makes great food, but has committed to doing as much organic food as possible. 

Plus they still have the best buffet in town.
I used to stop by Couch Tomato occasionally for slices of pizza that ranged from average to good since it was a convenient option.  But after my last visit there I don't think I'll be going back.  The pizzas that were out for slices were overrun with flies buzzing and crawling all over them.  And we all know what a fly does when it lands...  Sadly, the same was also true for the salad case, not to mention the workers assembling the salads with their hands.  No thanks.  I've also tried the soups here, but they are generally pretty lame, but I am admittedly a bit of a soup snob.  I guess you have a better chance of not getting unwanted fly "topping" by ordering fresh whole pizzas, but they are really overpriced and not really worth it.  In short, I'm done with the C.T.C.
In true Manayunk fashion, I'd say Couch Tomato is definitely overpriced!  Their pizza is pretty good and the salads/wraps are quite delicious too... but it is worth the money??  Not sure.  We always cross our fingers for the Tomato Bisque... It's delish! (Don't forget to dip the fresh roll in it too!)  So I guess I give the FOOD 4 stars but the price (and the girl at the counter who's voice make my ears bleed) brings the total rating down to 3!
Really great to grab a bite for lunch (buffet style) when in a rush with work. Everyone gets to make their own plate of pizza, pasta, or salad. It really couldn't be an easier or more pleasant fast casual experience. Service is great--really friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this for a quick pizza group lunch.
After 3 years of being a loyal customer, I finally have had the last straw and will NEVER order from the couch tomato cafe again. 

I've had mostly positive experiences ordering and dining in- until a few months ago when I received a regular cheese pizza instead of the vegan cheese pizza I ordered as well as a diet coke when I asked for regular. I was disappointed but brushed it off as a bad day. Two weeks ago I, again, received a diet coke instead of regular and yet again did not complain.

Today, I ordered a regular fountain soda and received the "skinny cola" version. I finally called to complain and the manager said it was odd but they were slammed and wouldn't be able to deliver a new drink for a while. I was extremely understanding but ultimately disappointed I wasn't even offered a credit or refund. When I began to eat my pizza I saw a long, thick hair on the crust. After looking closer, I saw several pieces of long, black hair cooked Into the cheese. I have found hair in food before, we all have, but this is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable on all levels. 

Please do yourself a favor and don't eat at the couch tomato!
After wanting to try this place for awhile, came in here for a quick dinner with my boyfriend recently.  We got a small buffalo chicken pizza to share and garlic knots. The buffalo chicken pizza was great, normally isn't my first choice I just got it because it's my boyfriend's favorite type. But, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I liked it. The garlic knots were also delicious. I would like to try a salad next time because they looked very good and fresh. For drinks, they carry those "new hope" all-natural sodas that a lot of people seem to be getting, but unfortunately I am allergic to soda. I thought it was a little pricey for what it was because we weren't there for any sort of special or anything, but not enough that I wouldn't come back. They also have a more upscale restaurant upstairs.
When we first arrived at this 5-star Yelp'ed restaurant, I thought, "This is not what I pictured the #1 Philly restaurant to be. What the heck? " Its interior decor was reminiscent of a doughnut shoppe, and it seemed to seat no more than 20. I quickly realized that this establishment stood for quality food, affordable prices, and genuine kindness from its employee team. For those looking for a romantic getaway, this might not be the place. So, lets talk turkey! 

The cheese pizza ($1.87) was a generous slice. Pie's are on display, and reheated at time of order. To my mind, the most important part of a NY pizza is the constancy of crispiness throughout the entire pizza. MMMMmmm...it IS crispy. Tomato sauce is not too thick and overpowering; just the way I like it. The closest alternative to a good NY pie, IMHO. 

The miss had the Strawberry Fields salad ($4.49) with Italian dressing on the side -- it was heavenly. Content: chopped salad with almond slivers, coconut shavings [so clutch], and strawberries [duh]. The Italian dressing wasn't oily or salty, but fruity! In fact, we thought we got the wrong dressing because it was pink and sweet. Again, generous portions. One of the best salads for price. 

Couch Tomato is certainly a price/quality gem. Bill M. said it well. Though not the best restaurant in Philly, it is certainly an excellent bargain.
I love love love this place! They have a variety of options on their menu. Their choices and food pairings are delicious and very creative. I can easily have a cheat meal here or order one of their flavorful and filling salads. The staff is very friendly. I feel comfortable chilling by the window and reading a book. I go there probably about once a week. This place is perfect for a low key meal.
The boyfriend actually wanted to try this place when we were checking out what's around Manayunk area, but we ended up going back to Chinatown.

I've only tried the Calorie Cruncher ($9.99) - Personal Pie for take-out once, and it was pretty good.  Normally, I don't prefer arugula, but with the combo of tomatoes, mozzarella, and provolone, it was delicious.  I also got the fresh squeezed lemonade, but I won't be getting that again since it was too tart for my taste.

Can't wait to try the other pies for lunch and have the boyfriend try, too!
Gluten free people rejoice!
The staff here is verrrrrry in the know about their food. I have a large list of allergies and sensitivities, so the make your own salad option was attractive. The girl behind the counter talked to me, patiently and happily, about what was in their dressing, whether she thought the chicken was gluten free or not (she said she could not guarantee it, but I ate it and was fine), and what was in their lemonade. 
The portions, for what you pay, are decent. I walked out of there full and with a little left behind on my plate. The boyfriend, not gluten free, got a calzone, and made appreciative yummy noises the whole time.
Next time I want to try the gluten free pizza, which seems a big thing for them.
There's decent seating if you want to sit at a counter, but few tables. At peak times, I could see this place getting a little crowded.
FINALLY a great salad in philly. ok, so a great salad in manayunk, but i'll take what i can get.  philly/center city is salad challenged and i think i just found the best salad place ever.  i had the version with figs and goat cheese and then added chicken.  amazing.  lots and lots of goat cheese, fresh spring mix and delicious sliced roast chicken.  they have my favorite kind of balsamic (it's emulsified so kind of creamy) and for people who can't eat bread the side of homemade potato chips is a good option.  i wish i lived in manayunk just to get their salads!
I can't believe it's taken me all these years living in and around Manayunk to try the Couch Tomato. I'd been told by neighbors and friends who worked here alike to try it, but I hadn't until this week. I felt a familiar bittersweet blend of joy for having found a new bastion of deliciousness and lament for not having tried it sooner at the entreaty of my friends. Allow me to back up and start from the beginning. 

*fade to Wednesday*

My wife and I had taken the day off to watch the Phillies game on a beautiful day in Manayunk. We were a little hungry and saw the Couch Tomato on the way to Cactus. We decided to pop in and see what our friends had been going on about. The space, which is currently under construction, I think to add a lounge area, was very casual and welcoming. The first thing that struck us about the place was how effusively friendly the staff was. They pointed us to a stack of menus, and offered any guidance we might need in selecting from the extensive menu of salads, sandwiches, and pizza. I glanced over the glass display case as we perused the menus and saw an incredible array of delicious-looking pizzas.

As we were ordering, my wife was having a hard time deciding, so I was stalling for her by striking up a conversation with the very pleasant person working the counter (I think we got there at an uncharacteristically slow time). We had a great conversation about how the light gun from the NES worked (which stemmed from the Atari t-shirt I was wearing) before we ordered. I really wish I had caught her name, and I would commend her personally for being such an asset to the establishment.  

Anyway, I got the Buffalo Soldier wrap, which was comprised of fresh mozzarella, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigrette, and my wife got the Mediterranean wrap, which had Greek influences, I think. Both were spectacular.  

As we ate, I noticed a sign that said that all ingredients are locally sourced. This means a great deal to me, and I'm happy to be able to support a local establishment that in turn supports the local economy. 

We had such a great experience that I ended up buying a Couch Tomato t-shirt at the end. 

*fade back to the present*

I would totally recommend coming here. I can't wait to come back to try the pizza.
Maybe it was an off night, but it was decidedly mediocre - There's a lot of places in Philly to get pizzas and salads, and being dead-on average flavor-and-quality-wise, and a bit pricier than most, I can only give the average score of three.
Couch Tomato was one of those places that we ordered from pretty much bi-weekly when working at Philadelphia University. I was never really a fan of the pizza, there was one drunk visit where they got my order (the last slice of plain for the day) somehow lodged in their rotating oven. Though they refunded me and apologized for the inconvenience it was a sad moment in my life. I somehow managed to get over it, and began ordering from them again with my co-workers at the college. I'm glad that I put the pizza incident behind me because I became a salad addict, back then my favorite was one they dubbed "Strawberry Fields"...I don't know which I liked more, the name or the combination of fresh strawberries and goat cheese. These days I pledge my allegiance solely to the "Buffalo Soldier" to which I order in my sing-songy faux rasta voice.
Last time I was here, I picked up one of their epic Holy Chipotle salads and tried some of the buffalo chicken pizza with the beau.  This past time, we went for the classic pepperoni pizza on a whole wheat crust.  I have yet to be disappointed. 

I ordered the large salad and it was EASILY enough for two full meals. The chipotle dressing... absolutely. Though I'm a firm believer that adding chipotle to just about anything will make it better.  The theory is holding thus far....

The buffalo chicken pizza was right up my alley, though my partner was a little put off by the gorgonzola.  Unfortunate for him, but perfect for me, a firm believer that gorgonzola and buffalo chicken go together like peanut butter and jelly.  

Their whole wheat crust is delicious, not the dense almost crumby style that I've had at other pizza joints attempting "whole wheat" and I know that I'll order it for all future pies.

My only complaints about this spot would be that they could probably use a different size, somewhere between the JUMBO 18" pie and the personal 10". For two people, we found that the jumbo is just too large (unless we were ravenous) and the personal is too small.  A buffer pie would be nice.  The prices may seem a little steep initially, but when you realize how much bang (read: pizza/salad) you get for your buck, you understand that you're basically paying for tonight's dinner and tomorrow's lunch.
I wish these people would stop saying the couch tomato has good pizza. They even won an award for it which blows my mind! The pizza is nothing to rave about. In fact, I was bamboozled twice into getting it and I thought it was very meh. But hey, I'm from Jersey so I'm a major pizza snob. 

So, why 4 stars? Because, the wraps are AWESOME! They are huge with fresh ingredients all created in ways that you won't find at another place. I may be addicted to the wraps. 

Oh tip---if you order take-out it will probably take an hour. I usually order on my drive home, buy wine and still beat him.
Online ordered for pick up on a Covid Labor Day. While there is outside table service, we had our dog and wanted to be flexible. Tip:  this restaurant is on Main and Rector....go about a block or less and there are tables away from the hustle and bustle to enjoy your takeout, and perfect for a dog. 

We had an Apple BLT and a Perky Turkey.  The BLT was fantastic, grilled and ample with crispy bacon. I loved the turkey sandwich, hearty enough for two, with real carved turkey, Brie and arugula on a focaccia bread. 

Luckily, everything was on time, as ordered, with no inconvenience at all......enjoyable.
After having dined at the bistro last week my friend and I had a hankering for the tomato bisque soup!
Plus she raved about the pizza so of course I had to try that too!
We opted to get delivery and ordered on the website (always a sweet option).
The delivery was about 1 hour.

We ordered:
Large tomato bisque soup: it  was ~12 ounces (we actually used a measuring cup) so needless to say we were disappointed because this was the focal point of our meal.  It was still delicious but a lot less than we anticipated.

Margherita pizza on wheat crust: was cold by time it got to us so the cheese was coagulated by then.  It was otherwise good.

La Fiesta salad:  which boasts organic greens, spicy all-natural chicken*, mango salsa, grape tomato, tortilla chips, pepper jack, chipotle dressing 
was a bit skimpy and was supposed to come with a roll but it was not with the order

Overall I was a bit disappointed.  I like the food in general bit this order seemed to fall a bit short.
While the Couch Tomato usually has very good food, don't try ordering it for delivery.  I am writing this after the SECOND TIME I have had an order not show up at my door.  I waited for almost 2 hours before I decided to call and check on the status of my order.  I had ordered from their website, for delivery, but they scrambled to make the excuse that it came in as a pick-up order.  Total bullshit.  I received a confirmation email about the delivery order.  This was 4 days ago, and I still have not received a refund.

Also, the last time I actually did get food from this place, it was horrible.  The time before that was also less than great.  They claim that they have hired some new people, but these orders were a month apart.  If you want to eat from this place, make sure you are in the building.
I had a gift certificate, so I had to try this place again.  Most people I know really like this place, but I'm definitely in the minority.  The 1st time I went with 2 other people, and we were all disappointed with the food.  I've heard rave reviews on the pizzas, so maybe I should have went with the pizza.  The staff was once again very friendly and helpful.  This time, I went with the Taco Paco wrap.  My other 2 friends also went the wraps.  The experience started out somewhat badly when they mixed up our orders.  The sauce that was supposed to be on the side was in the wrap, and vice-versa on the other wraps.  

Now to the food.  The food was just okay.  I really wanted to like it.  It was nothing great.  Again, my other 2 friends were in agreement.  The wraps just didn't have enough flavor.  If there is a next time, I'm definitely going with the pizza.
An awesome place for pizza! They are my go to pizza shop. They have regular, wheat, and gluten green dough for their pizzas. Also they have amazing lunch specials on the weekdays and nice brunch specials on the weekends. They have free valet parking. I love that they have outdoor settings which is perfect on a summer night. 

You can order online for pickup or delivery. They have a rewards program which I hear is pretty good as well.
This place is really cool.  I took an older work friend to lunch last week and I picked Couch Tomato Cafe as Manayunk is pretty quiet at that time of day on a Tuesday and I knew I could park really close for him to walk.  We ate in the Bistro section on the second floor at a table with a great view towards Main Street.  The pizza was perfect - I had like a duck and gorgonzola one that I def would order again, the homemade soup was great, and the waiter from Brazil gets thumbs up for his friendly service.  Best of all, my older friend who is not much into going out to eat or food except for the standard stuff he eats at home loved the place. I like this cafe/bistro a lot at night but lunch at the Couch Tomato has its own positive vibes.
About two weeks ago an owner got in touch with me about my review. Good for him. More business owners should take the time to deal directly with their customers...especially on yelp. Yelp has become the mecca of "go" or "don't go" so owners...keep that in mind or you might be hanging a sign that says "Lease Available".  

My biggest complaint was the delivery time and "the owner" (don't you love quotes) asked for another chance. He sent me a coupon for a free pizza. He told me the things they were doing to remedy the delivery times so why wouldn't I try CT again since I got a bribe....coupon. Sorry. No harm no foul. 

So...I made my order and I was told 30-45min. It took an hour. An hour on the dot. It was 6pm on a week day and I realize its dinner time. I'm not a monster. I did it on purpose. I wanted to see what kind of phone to door time they would do when everyone is doing the same thing. Ordering food via delivery. I'm sure the delivery times at 3pm are much better but I'm a scientist of delivery and a superhero of yelp. 

The food is still very good and the owner seemed like a nice guy. The delivery time was better then in the past...so were baby steppin. Thumbs up to the owner for the willingness to give out free food and put his business on a stop watch, under a microscope.
A friend of mine lives up near Manayunk & this place delivers to her house. This review is based on their delivery only. The pizza was on time & it was hot. That's all I can tell you about their customer service.

What I can tell you about their pizza is that it's pretty damn good. A vegan cheese option & lots of vegan topping options. I would definitely eat here again.
mmm my mouth salivates thinking about the couch tomato. hands down the best place ever! pizzas are great, but what i really crave is their salads. they are fresh, unique, and tasty. the dressings are hand-made and amazing. my favorite is the strawberry fields forever, that has strawberries, sliced almonds, flaky coconut, and creamy poppy seed dressing. sounds weird, tastes delicious. I miss this place!
EDITED: I received a note from the owner pledging to rectify the issue and it shows they have a commitment to their business. I decided I was a bit too harsh in my wording and given them 4 stars for this communication.

First off I'll tell you what I like. Delivery service is GREAT. Orders come in about an hour or so. The food is always EXCELLENT. The pizza is arguably the best in Manayunk/Roxborough. Salads are always fresh and visually appealing. I have absolutely no issues with the food. There is something for everyone at Couch Tomato and most of it is pretty healthy.

Now, what I don't like. I went in the other day to get a Ceasar salad and waited 15 min, no one greeted me when I came in the door even though there were 10 people working (10!) and the guys working the counter  would not make eye contact with me. 

I think I will stick to delivery with this place.
My friends and I went here on a Saturday night and got some sort of special with pizza, a hummus dip platter, and a salad. The pizza and hummus weren't bad, but they weren't anything special, either. The salad was huge but they charged extra for dressing... why would I want to eat a huge bowl of plain lettuce?

While the people were friendly, the atmosphere was cute, and we had a good time (hooray BYOB), the food wasn't satisfying enough for me to want to go out of my way to come back.

And tsk for using Comic Sans on their website!
Was excited to try their pizza after seeing so many yelpers rave about it. Don't know what those people were eating as our pizza, half plain half pepperoni had barely any sauce, crust that was dry as a bone... wasn't inedible or anything, but totally forgettable: $18. Perhaps it's better when you sit in, but I still can't see it being anything special.
Pizza was pretty good, but $17ish for a large cheese pizza with (canned) pineapple is a bit ridiculous. The sauce was flavorful though, and the crust was good. I was really happy they offered whole wheat crust, and it didn't taste like cardboard! It could've been a bit crispier (we had to eat it with a fork and knife because it was impossible to pick up). Overall a decent pizza, but nothing to rave about.
The Couch Tomato Cafe (downstairs) is one of the gems of Manayunk. Among everyone's favorite bars and restaurants that have come and gone, this staple provides some deliciously amazing options -- great pizza and even better salads. 

When we lived in Bala, the cafe was our go to, especially before an Sport and Sociak volleyball match. We have tried a few things, but always come back to The food pyramid and the pear-fection.  These two salads are proportion and all that is good about salad. The only negative? We moved further away!

And, my fellow carb lovers out there, their rolls are delicious. Definitely worth a visit, even if parking is meh and there is often a line.
I agree with just about everything everyone else has said about the couch: it's amazing.  Definitely my favorite place to get a quick healthy meal in manayunk.  All the wrap menu items can be made as salads, or you can do my favorite, the make-your-own salad.  The ingredients are tiered by price, so it can get a little expensive for a salad if you get a lot of them, but it's well worth it.  The have some of my favorite salad toppings including artichokes, kalamata olives, and gorgonzola (though I am sad they got rid of baby corn).  The white or wheat bread served with all salads is fresh and hot... warm chewy goodness.

Their pizza is excellent as well, especially if you like thin, crispy crust and different toppings.  Try the spinach and feta, yum.  Delivery can be slow, so pick-up is a better option. The outside seating along main street is great in warm weather, and inside the high-top tables, counter seating, and big red couch are nice too.  Definitely come to couch tomato if you're in manayunk!
The Couch Tomato did not disappoint. If you are looking for GF pizza... run don't walk here. My boyfriend and I sat outside and were greeted promptly by the friendly workers. We got the gluten free pizza and the salmon salad. Both were delicious!!
We ordered our sandwiches online- pretty easy process. We came in about 20 min later, pretty close to 8 to pick up. I got a sandwich and my friend got a salad. We were starving so these hit the spot. That being said, I don't think they were anything particularly spectacular. I'd still recommend if you're looking for fresh solid sandwiches.
Try the paninis!  The buffalo chicken one was heaven in my mouth with tangy buffalo chicken, gorgonzola, mozz and tomatoes on their delicous fresh baked bread served with ranch on the side.  It was huge too - thought I was only going to be able to eat half but channeled my inner fat kid and scarfed it all down.

Now it's even tougher to decide what to go with here!
I'm sorry, but I can't jump on this train. 

I have ordered from Couch Tomato probably three times, and EVERYTIME something has been wrong. I have worked at restaurants for over 8 years and I'm sorry but after the third time I wouldn't expect our customer to be thrilled or even come back to us. 

The kicker, was when I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and there was no buffalo sauce in the wrap and no cheese?! it was just lettuce and chicken. I kid you not. 

I mean really....
This is the second time I've ordered from them and I'm still disappointed.
It's a real shame because I love their food.
Unfortunately their service is the pits.
It seems their people could care less about customer satisfaction.
It's almost like McDonald's Drive thru its so bad.
I need to stop, pull everything out of the bag and double check it all including taste testing the dressings to be sure they're correct.

It wasn't even busy, and they got it wrong.
I may give it one more shot, because like I said, I love their food, but I think one more mistake is about all I can handle from them.
I like that they have a vegan pizza.  But you would expect a "Super Vegan Pizza" would have toppings on it.  But it's just a cheese pizza. After paying extra for toppings, it turned out to be a solid pizza. The salads here are also good. And it was nice that they let me try more than one salad dressing at no additional charge.
Kudos to their customer service.  The owner read my review and sent me a coupon to try them again.  The food, as I said in my last review, is pretty solid.  

I was disappointed with the customer service when getting takeout.  I haven't gone back for takeout but their delivery service is reliable and the food is good.  One of these days, I'll use that coupon and get some takeout.
I've really wanted to like this place, but it's just not happening.

Most recently, we got two pizzas and the quality was inconsistent.  One of the crusts was just soggy, the other one was good.  The sausage was flavorless, and covered the entire pizza in a thin layer than didn't let you really taste the cheese or the sauce (I know that seems to b a contradiction, but that's how it was).  It seemed like a lot of money to spend and it just wasn't that amazing.  I kept thinking we could've spent half as much at Toto's and been much more satisfied.
I wanted to like this place.  I came here because of the spectacular reviews.  I got a gluten-free panini and the tomato soup.  The tomato soup gets 5 stars, and the panini got 2 stars.  My friend got a regular gluten-full panini and hers looked yucky, which she confirmed was not good.  It's cramped, and hard to find seating.  They forgot about our order, because we must have been sitting around waiting for our food to come out and they had to ask her what she got again.  We had already paid at this point.  Granted, they were very busy on a Sunday afternoon.  But I was really hoping for better on all fronts...I would have given this place 2 stars overall, but the redeeming factor, the tomato soup added a whole whopping star.  Yay.
After my last 1-star review, I received a complimentary pizza coupon, so we gave the Couch Tomato Cafe another go last night. 

I will have to say, the pizza (the "Italian Stallion") was much improved over last time, and the crust was pretty good. The garlic knots were filling and we also shared a "Where's Waldorf?" Salad. 

Overall -- the time frame of delivery, the atmosphere and the food was greatly improved over last time. I WOULD done here again! Thanks to the owners, who take reviews seriously, and have an obvious commitment to quality and the improvement of the business!!
How could you go wrong with a place called couch tomato!  We ordered takeout and it did not take long for them to deliver our order. For 4 people we went with 2 of the smaller 10 inch pizzas, one salad and one calzone which was the perfect amount of food.  We ordered a salad which was very fresh and I highly recommend the avocado ranch dressing.  For the pizzas we went with the basic margarita and the picante. I highly recommend the picante as the dressing on it was fantastic.
The Couch Tomato is one of those places that sounds like it's going to be great when you read the menu, but just turns out to be good instead. I'm never disappointed with what I order, but I never feel particularly wow'd either. 

The variety is great, and they use a lot of interesting and different ingredients on their pizzas, salads, and wraps. I like that any of the salads can be made into a wrap and there is always pre-made pizza if you just need something quick. The staff is friendly and the service is speedy. 

All in all, Couch Tomato is a solid spot for takeout in the neighborhood, but I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat here.
I worked at a nearby community hospital. My unit orders from here often, although more than not we are disappointed. Salad come differently than we ordered and the garlic knots are totally inconsistent. Today we order and my salad was drenched with water and our garlic knots came undercooked and WITHOUT garlic! We called and the manager blames the person who delivered the food saying he should have told us! Really?!?!? How about you take garlic knots off the menu until you have the garlic sauce? You don't deliver food and tell the customer at that point that their food isn't right. Ordering lunch from here is not cheap! Is it too much to ask to get our food they way we ordered it? I can understand one mistake, but honestly there has been plenty.
I couldn't decide what to order off of their menu because there were so many appealing options. I ended up getting a Holy Chipotle wrap. I thought it was good, but they totally drenched it with dressing. I've found that most places load it on so it's practically dripping, so I asked for them to go light on the dressing. If that was light, I can't imagine how much dressing they normally give you.

I would go back to try something different though, or even the same wrap but with significantly less dressing.
All I can say is my boyfriend and I go here every Friday night - pathetic maybe, but we look forward to salads and pizza.  The staff know our order by heart and are very nice so they add to us wanting to go back every week.  There aren't a lot of places around the area where you can walk in and are greeted like "family".
This was such a wonderful find last year. Healthy takeaway food! Their salads are so fresh, innovative and delicious. The sandwiches are huge, filling and scrumptious! Even their pizzas are quite good. You can't go wrong here, and you won't hate yourself later like you would with that cheesesteak! :) The pickup option is also pretty fantastic along with the delivery. What are you waiting for? Order from them now!
Couch tomato is by far my favorite place to eat on Mainstreet in Manayunk.  I have lived in the area for 6 years now and it quickly has become my go to place! I order there quite frequently especially since it is a healthy choice with all their salads to choose from! Their salads are the best around and I usually go with the Where's Waldorf or Holy Chipotle - they are delicious! There soups are also very delicious especially their Tomato Basil. I definitely recommend this place, good food and decently priced - you can eat in, choose take-out or delivery! And don't forget to sign up for Tomato points to receive rewards!
I decided to go back here and was greeted by a very nice young lady who told me about a pizza that had a combination of chicken and turkey so I ordered that and it was so good I ordered another one Ive never had this combination before and it works well
i have tried to find this city a few times in the past and finally found it.
i sure will come back to check out more of this fine place, city.

as for couch tomato cafe, not a bad place.
i am not a much fan of salad but i can sure get to like it.
i had slices of pizza of different kinds and they were not bad
better than the big chain but noting sticks in my tongue.
meaning not un-forgettable.

i had a pizza at pizza john in essex, baltimore and it was very good.
dripping cheese and each bite wanted another one

another time, at whole food, silver spring, md, they had similar pizza as tomato cafe. 

so to me, pizza at couch tomato cafe is not something that will make me want to go back.
that is jst me.
however, i can see why people will go jst for salad.
they were good (fresh and innovative with different ingredients)
Customer Service is terrible!! While they offer a variety of fresh salads and pizzas prepare to wait up to 2 hrs for delivery!   Food tends to be missing and cold upong arrival...do not expect a refund or an apology.  Have never waited less than an hour and a half for delivery service.  With what they charge they should be able to provide superb customer service!!!
We has mother's day brunch. Delightful, warm and attentive service. ROSES for each mother!! And, as a family of celiacs, we are always so happy with our food. I had the GF Margherita pizza ( so good, my non- celiac husband steals half). There was also a great quinoa salad and a shrimp and spinach salad And a delicious, special order egg dish for mom-in- law.  Delicious and a great price range.
