Had a nice little rooftop brunch with the fam here for Mother's Day. The servers were so helpful with my family's requests and I have to give them major points for that. We're an annoying bunch (sorrynotsorry). They don't take rezzies on the roof, but there was plenty of room up there for a lot of diners. Though the interior hasn't changed much since their heyday of 10 years ago-ish, it's still a cute looking spot. Here is the eats rundown...

Huevos Rancheros - Solid presentation and delicious, but on the smaller side when compared to the other dishes
French onion soup dumplings - Avoid at all costs. Conceptually great, but the execution is poor. 
Asian chicken salad - HUGE portion. Solid though. Def go splitsville with a friend. 
#solcialite - Pretty awesome champagne/vodka cocktail. Sweet (blueberry + lemon) but very drinkable.
BLT - Nice sized portion and a pretty solid version of this classic. Lots of turkey and bacon. 

Even though the area is now packed with fresh eateries, I would come back here for a chill brunch and some drank. You could do better, buy you can most definitely do worse. 

Side note: Their website is possibly the most annoying thing I've encountered in 2016 thus far. It pops up into a mini pop up... which then becomes the browsing site (WHY!!!!!!!!). Oh, and non one like website music. Come on now. Web 101.
I just love the vibe of this place. It's like a hip, modern diner serving Asian fusion style food.  And love that they serve food super late - I always seem to end up here, well super late.  After having a drink at 1 Tippling, we walked down to Continental (around 11 pm) because they were no longer serving food at Tippling (they stop at like 8 pm).  

Even though it wasn't on the menu, they made me an old fashioned that was actually better than the one I'd had at Tippling.  My friend ordered the fries and quesadilla, and the fries were insane. I don't remember them always being so intense, but they are super skinny almost like potato sticks and served as a huge mound with a wasabi mayo that clears your sinuses.  Definitely share these. I wish they were a bit less thin because they weren't that easy to eat and were a bit unsatisfying, but still very good, and definitely has that "wow" factor in terms of presentation.
We went here for New Year's Eve and we appreciated the fact they were serving their regular menu and not a pricey NYE 3 or 4 course prix fixe.

We had a wonderful evening. The food was awesome, service was great and I really love the ambiance here.  It was a very busy night given the occasion, but the entire staff and our waitress were on the ball.  The staff was all dressed in sparkly party attire, which was a nice touch for the night.

I ordered the Baby Kale and Beet Salad and the Spinach Ravioli.  The salad was great, but I especially loved the Ravioli.  I'm not one for thick heavy pasta dishes, but this Ravioli was prepared very thin. In fact you could see the spinach right through it.  It was really tasty! 

The rest of the table ordered the Seared Tuna, Salmon Sashimi Poké Bowl, Braised Short Rib.  Everyone enjoyed their meal. 

Dessert was the only thing that did not impress me too much. We ordered the Smores Cheesecake, and the Cookie and Brownie Sundae.  The desserts were good, but nothing to write home about.
Just a note: I never tried the food here so this review is for the bar, staff, and venue itself.

This was part of a bar/pub/restaurant crawl I went on with my dad and uncle in Philadelphia. As my uncle lives in Philly, he wanted to show us around town and where he usually hangs out, drinks and womanizes. Hey, I guess it runs in the family.

This place is a classy looking joint, with a nice set up, cool looking basket chairs that hang from the ceiling on the upper level of the restaurant, and a gorgeous outside terrace overlooking the nicer area of Philadelphia up on the second floor.

The bartenders were nice and cheerful. The Guinness was delicious. And it tasted so much better in the fabulous 70-degree weather out on the terrace.

When I come back to Philly, I will need return here to try the food while sitting in one of those basket chairs.
We roamed in here after being quoted a 45 minute wait at a nearby restaurant and were glad we did. The hostess seated us in less than 5 minutes. The restaurant was bustling, which is always a good sign to me (never trust a skinny chef). Our waiter was great. He made recommendations and wasn't pushy at all. We were there for over 2 hours noshing and talking and he was unphased. We didn't get that "hurry and eat so I can turn over the table" vibe.  He refilled drinks and kept it casual. So the food: all of the food is served family style. We ordered lobster Mac n' cheese (think rice not noodles so more of a casserole in my mind), open faced shrimp quesadilla and the hummus. I was dining with a pesco vegetarian and he was pretty happy with the menu. Overall I'd return as we enjoyed the ambiance without a pretentious vibe. 4/5 for continental  midtown.
Continental Mid-town will always have a special place in my heart. 

See, last fall, I went here on a first date, and as you all know: Finding a "perfect" 1st date spot is hard. I impulsively chose this rooftop lounge/patio -- and I left it satisfied with the upscale, yet laid-back atmosphere, and their signature Astronaut. So raise a glass (or a grilled Thai chicken skewer)- Yummy.
While I can't recommend many items to try- for obvious reasons ;) I can still give some tips to make sure you have a good quality time.

First off, it's a Stephen Starr restaurant. So, the expectations are high and the chances of any disappointments are kinda low. Unless if something terribly, terribly bad has gone wrong.

Another facts about this popular, casual and romantic restaurant:
- Location. Location. Location. 
Located in the heart of the city, Rittenhouse Square to be more specific.
- You'll love, I mean LOVE their trendy swinging cage chairs. Personally, no matter how old I am, if I see an open swing, I run for it.
- Other than being one of the most romantic spots in the city, it is also a great place to hang out with friends on the couch-like booths, or around the fireplace. Beware, it can be a bit noisy and rowdy. 
- Their Global tapas menu is AMAZING! 
- Hitting Happy hour? Awesome. Budget-friendly and appetizing. 
- Full Dinner? Also, inexpensive, and the menu actually offers something delicious for every taste.
- Bonus: You don't need to really dress up to fit in. 
- As if all that weren't enough, tone more time, their famous Astronaut is a killer.

What are you waiting for ? Go now! 
Four Solid Yelps.
I could see how this place would seem kitchy to native Philadelphians.  I, however, was totally into the kitch!  I felt like each time you climbed the stairs you ended up in a place that was even more ridiculous than the next.  And I LOVED every moment of it!  

First floor is old time diner looking.  Looks of shiny retro accessories.  We came around 9p and there were still families (what?!) in the dining room.  We climbed the stars to the upstairs bar and the first thing that caught my eye was the swinging basket chairs.  I ran over to sit in one....I just had to!  Too bad five people couldn't have fit into one or I may have been swinging there all night!

The drinks are complete froo froo girly cocktails.  I love the candy garnishes they give with all of them.  I actually wanted to ask what candy was at the bottom of mine, but I drank too many...and forgot!  If you walk behind the upstairs bar there's these animal shaped chairs to sit on. It took everything I had to not put one under my arm (if I was a body builder and could lift them) and run away with it to.  I want one for my house!  

The FINAL level is the upstairs patio/bar.  That's were the vibe tends to shift to the nighttime "out on the prowl" club scene.  There's a huge lounge area with fireplaces and chairs to sit and sip.  The deck also serves dinner, so it's a great place to take advantage of the summer weather.  

But let's not get lost in the decor, because you totally can!  We also ate dinner there.  It's tapa style dining so since we had 5 people we each decided to pick a dish.  Our choices were the lamb flat bread, ahi tuna tarter, philly steak egg rolls, kofka, lobster mac n' cheese, hanger steak  and shoestring fries.  You can't NOT come here and get that massive mound of fries.  It felt like I was eating crispy air and it was delish.  

My fav tapa by far was the lamb flat bread.  It was almost like a lamb meatball that was Indian inspired.  Very tasty.  I also enjoyed the hanger steak which came with blue cheese mash taters.  I was pretty disappointed with the mac n' cheese.  It was made with very thin rice noodles and lacked any flavor.  

If I lived in Philly I would ABSOLUTELY take tourists here and since I was a tourist, I obviously had a great tour guide!  And if it's kitchy, I'm usually in!
In all honesty, I really do like Continental Midtown. There are just a few things about it that irk the nerves sometimes. Like the issues I have with their rooftop bar that I pointed out in my previous review. 

The premise is slightly upscale continental dining, but every time I eat there I feel like I've spent significantly more money than I intended. That said, I'm always thoroughly happy with the food. The Continental salad, just a basic Greek salad chopped up with some wonton wrappers thrown in for extra flavor, has always been a favorite. Same with the seared ahi tuna with sprouts over mushroom risotto and a small puddle of soy sauce. Recently, I tried the french onion soup dumplings and found them to be quite delicious. 

The decor for me is starting to get a little outdated, and in certain areas it feels a bit cheap. Seated on the second floor a couple weeks ago, I leaned back in my quasi-booth and found it tipping backward. Huh? Also, I dislike the bathroom, with black toilets and a two-way mirror that any (Peeping) Tom, Dick or Harry can peer through on his way to the John. A covert teeth-check becomes impossible.  

Another peeve is the seating policy. Even when the place was empty on a random weeknight, the hostesses were hesitant to seat me without my dining companion. They did, but what was there to think about? Understandable on a busy weekend, weekday lunch or with a larger party, but not one solitary woman weighted down with the bags of her Walnut Street revelry.

Will I return? You bet. The food, service, and swingy basket chairs outweigh my minor grievances in the scale of Starr.
An excellent place to stop for a few drinks and some small bites to eat. The Continental is a tapas restaurant, so you will eat delicious small morsles of food- always leaving you wanting more! But the reasons I love coming to the Continental is for the ambiance. The style and decor of this space is meticulously thought out and put together beautifully. The restaurant is multi-level and has a rooftop lounge. Each space is treated differently and looks completely different. There are hanging basket swings on the second level that you can sit and eat dinner in. The bathrooms on the lower level feature 2 way mirrors, so the people in the hallway can see you looking in the mirror like a window! Quite shocking the first time you realize this! The rooftop bar is great for drinks on nice nights. They have a great happy hour menu with reasonable prices. I like to stop here for a quick drink on my way to dinner in the city. Definitely recommended!!!!
I dated a fit model once. Yes, you should google that. Her name was Samantha, she grew up in Philly and we met in a showroom I used to work for. She was a beautiful girl and for the first few months, everything was amazing. But then I realized something... she was basic AF. She was like unseasoned eggs over dry white toast, no butter. 

Level: BB
BB ratio: 95.67% 
Food: 3
$ to portion: 3
Service: 4
Date spot: 4, take a BB 
Return: 3

This spot is like Sam. From the moment you see it on the street, you are wowed by the possibilities. Your visual senses are on overdrive all the way until you get to the menu; that's when your eyebrows raise. 

I instantly knew after scanning the entire menu that whatever I ordered here would be serviceable and nothing would drive my inner desire to ever come back for the food, especially since I don't live here. 

Btw, those hanging chairs on the second floor, while great for reading a book, they're horrible for dining and drinking. 

If you live here, it would definitely be a spot to bring your basics, because it will check the visual and vibe box, while giving you just enough on the drink and dining side to not fuck up the experience. 

Make this place a spot to get drinks & small bites then keep it moving down the block for a serious meal. I'm not trying to be cruel, I'm just saying telling you my taste level.
One of my very first visits to the city of brotherly love was topped off my a lovely bottomless boozy brunch here on a warm sunny spring Sunday, sitting on one of their hanging woven swinging chair things trying to look cute hung over, eat and not puke at the same time while trying to down more alcohol to feel not so hung over... Ahhh to be in my 20's again... Great spot, great memories and definitely a place to stop in and have a few.
The Continental Mid-town simply fell short in both the food and service department.  The main entrees are pricey to begin with, but when you add in bland tasteless food, along with meager accompaniments, it falls short.  I ordered the Salmon Teriyaki.  It was just ok and come out a little burned, but instead of vegetable or a side salad offering, it came with a scoop of rice.  A small piece of salmon and a scoop of rice for $28! My cousin ordered the Strip Steak ($36).  He's a big connoisseur of steaks, so knows them well.  He said it was terrible.  It did come with a mound of french fries, more than my scoop of rice.  The only one that enjoyed their meal was my husband with the Seared Tuna. 

The one thing the Continental has going for it is the vibe.  From the main floor decor to the rooftop deck views, the ambiance here can't be beat.  It's one of a kind. For us, I think that means we will still frequent the place but probably stick to drinks and appetizers for happy hour or perhaps just do brunch.
Was dragged here by a rich coworker who "just loves" it here. Blargh. My $14 salad was just ok at best and they have no creamy dressings, only 1001 vinaigrettes. Yes, they are house made, but I wanted a non vinaigrette.

The lettuce mix was very cabbage-heavy. 

My lunch turned out to be $22 including tax and tip and it was unsatisfactory and unsatisfying. 

So upset.
I've frequented The Continental in years past, but I have not been there in quite a few years. However, I was in downtown Philly on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend and we decided to stop off at Continental.

I sat down and we were given our menus. They were still serving brunch when we were there, so the lunch options were somewhat limited. After concurring with our waitresses, we decided to just get entrees.

I ended up getting the crispy calamari salad. As we waited for our food, we ordered some pita bread for the table. Unfortunately, they did not have any hummus ready at the moment, but they brought out some olive oil, which was nice. The pita bread was quite good. It was soft, warm and had a nice, unique baked taste.

I just got a salad for my entree because they are quite big. I went with the crispy calamari salad, which came out in about 15 minutes and was topped with vinaigrette dressing. The calamari was pretty heavily fried, so I removed some of the bread. I do prefer grilled calamari, but the fried calamari that continental served was still tasty. As I stated before, the salad was quite big and I was actually unable to finish the whole thing.

The ambiance here is quite nice and has a fairly hip feel. There are hanging overhead lights and on the second level there are hanging chairs.

Our waitress was nice, helpful in making meal suggestions and served our food in a timely fashion. 

Altogether, The Continental is a very nice restaurant that is a fairly nice spot to get a tasty bite to eat in Center City.
I want to like Continental Midtown. I do. But I always leave here feeling kind of "eh" about my meal. I've had quite the assortment of stuff from here, lobster mac n cheese, BBQ quesadillas, spinach ravioli, etc and still have yet to find something that will make me want to come back. (This is a favorite lunch choice of people I worth with hence me continuing to show up). 
However, the happy hours here are nice. The rooftop deck is great on warm afternoons. I just wish that the food was worthwhile as well.
I'm still full from dinner last night. WTF? The family and I ate our way through a ton of dishes, from the Szechwan shoestring fries to the crab dumplings, lobster mac & cheese and BBQ chicken quesadillas (there was more in the mix, but I'm still in a food coma so I can't remember). I tried the chocolate truffles in raspberry sauce for dessert but honestly I was so stuffed I couldn't finish them even though it was a deliberately small portion.

This visit was much improved over our last one. The music was at a near-perfect volume and they played a fantastic mix. Our waitress was attentive but not overbearing and the food came quickly. It was a win all around. I think my plan of eating here 1-2 times a year is definitely working. Otherwise, I would have to invest in an all-elastic waistband wardrobe, and nobody wants that.
I've frequented this location of the Continental about five times in the last year and every experience from food to service has been wonderful. 

Most recently, my husband and I did outdoor dining. Although the location at the intersection of some busy streets is not ideal, you do what you need to do during these times.  

We ordered a hamburger and a turkey burger. Both came with the option of a side salad or french fries. We were surprised on how large and delicious the side salad was and French fries were great too. We both enjoyed our burgers. 

We've been here for brunch a few times and had great food and service during that occasion. I've had the Crunchy Brioche French Toast and omelette.  Additionally, we've also been here for New Year's Eve last year.  We appreciated the fact they were serving their regular menu and not a pricey NYE 3 or 4 course prix fixe.

We had a wonderful evening. The food was awesome, service was great and I really love the ambiance here.  It was a very busy night given the occasion, but the entire staff and our waitress were on the ball.  The staff was all dressed in sparkly party attire, which was a nice touch for the night.

I ordered the Baby Kale and Beet Salad and the Spinach Ravioli.  The salad was great, but I especially loved the Ravioli.  I'm not one for thick heavy pasta dishes, but this Ravioli was prepared very thin. In fact you could see the spinach right through it.  It was really tasty! 

The rest of the table ordered the Seared Tuna, Salmon Sashimi Poké Bowl, Braised Short Rib.  Everyone enjoyed their meal. 

Dessert was the only thing that did not impress me too much. We ordered the Smores Cheesecake, and the Cookie and Brownie Sundae.  The desserts were good, but nothing to write home about. Most recently, my husband and I did outdoor dining. Although the location at the intersection some busy streets is not ideal, you do what you need to do during these times
The drinks are good (although I once asked for a bellini at the indoor bar and received champagne mixed with peach schnapps-- I don't think so!), the food is consistent and tasty, but the rooftop deck has several issues that this cupcake does not love. 

First, the glassware. Or shall I say, plasticware. When I order a ten dollar martini, I do not want to drink it out of room temperature plastic in a martini glass shape. I'm sure the reason behind this decision is so knucklehead drunks don't go throwing things over the ledge... but at the very least, they could serve real glasses to the patrons seated at the bar or at tables having dinner, or save the plastic for after 10 p.m. 

Second, although there were no pools in sight, the entire deck area curiously smelled like one. Musty, chlorine-filled air combining with the scent of prepared foods was not at all appetizing. A rooftop bar in the middle of Philadelphia should not smell like low tide under the boardwalk. Please, Mr. Starr, give this place a good scrub down and replace the flooring with something that doesn't absorb spills. 

I'm sure this wasn't my last visit to the deck at Continental Midtown... but with more bars and restaurants opening outdoor patios and setting up street-side tables, this place won't be topping my list for drinks al fresco.
So, I'm writing this review on service.

We went there a few weeks ago and yes, we were "those" people that got there 10 minutes before the kitchen closed, but we were there for drinks, not food. The bar was full so we were told we could sit at a table and get drinks. So a waitress then comes over and slams menus in front of us and firmly reminds us the kitchen closes in 5 minutes - 3 TIMES she mentions this. So after the 3rd time one of the people we were with (no names as to conceal their identity for safety purposes) gives her the business about the rudeness, which she deserved. Her response was "its just been a long day". I don't need to tell you, that's not the right response. So long story short our drinks were comped, as they should have been.

I wasn't even going to write this review but I'm still pissed that my 1 star review of Starrs Il Pittore was "conveniently" filtered, as were the rest of the sub par reviews - only leaving the 4-5 star reviews up for readers to see. Not surprising since it was a Starr joint and god forbid Starr get below 4-5 stars on yelp. It might start the apocalypse.

I've been to 4 Starr places. The meal was comped at Il Pittore, as it was purely just wretched and drinks comped here due to a horrible waitress. I don't even remember the other 2, so whats that tell you.
Yet another example of horrible service in Philadelphia and bartenders thinking their are god's gift to the world.

  Show up with some friends.  Looked over the drink menu everything is like $10-15 for a cocktail, ok no problem.  Friend asks for a drink, bartender rolls her eyes says "Really? You don't want that" when asked why she relies "because it takes too long to make"  Keep in mind its maybe 9PM at this point, almost everyone is eating and bar is not that crowded.  The girl then changes her order. 

  I go to order and order 2 beers, talking to the people at the bar waiting for my friend to meet me. After about 5 minutes she arrives, sees that most people at the bar have some sort of pink drink in a champagne glass, wants to try it.  So I order it and get the check.  Check comes,2 beers one pink drink, everything is cool.  A few minutes pass still no pink drink ask the bartender (the same one that complained about having to make the drink from before) where it is.   She replies I made 3 for that group( points to a group of girls near me) and only got paid for 2 so you just paid for one of theirs.  WTF? Didn't know the people, never agreed to buy a drink for anyone and they didn't put it on my tab.  I tell her thats not my problem I ordered a drink and never got one.  She says nothing, takes my check which I had signed and walks away.

  I complain to another bartender... nothing.  Eventually, one of the girls from the group that i apparently paid for hears about the problem, buys the same drink and gives it to me.  Doesn't understand why the bartender charged me,asked the bartender, bartender says nothing walks away.  O the 15$ drink this all happened over, it was pretty bad.

  Not only did i essentially get robbed by the bartender, but the overpriced drink was terrible.  

  Great job management! You guys picked some winners when you staffed this place!
Dining at Stephen Starr's Continental Mid-Town, I've noticed the food is on-par with the Old City location. Many times, I've relaxed at their second floor and rooftop bars, enjoying drinks and hypnotic trance music. Like the other spot, the interior is well-lit. However, Mid-Town's rooftop area is dark. Maybe that sets a mysterious ambiance, but to me, it feels inadequate.

The bouncers seem to try a BIT hard to keep the rifraff out, but they mean well and generally aren't ass clowns. Service is always good. Shout-out to Harmony for wonderful dinner service!

Continental Old City must have been a financial success, otherwise why would Starr open another in the city? (Mid-Town has been in business for roughly three years, and I hope they continue.) Recommended as a date place, a somewhat pricey pregaming spot, or a chic venue to find singles. Bonus points for the swinging chairs, rooftop bar, and greater space compared to its older sibling restaurant.
I've been to this location countless times, and, each time, the food, service, and ambiance seem to be going more downhill.

Ambiance - 
About a decade ago, Continental Mid-town was the best hangout. There's an awesome openness to the two-story hip and modern take on 70s style dining room. The third level has a bar and an indoor-outdoor dining area deck. During our last visit approximately two weeks ago, the furniture and fixtures looked worn down and dirty. The Continental is a wildly successful concept and there's no shortage of wealth at Starr Restaurants. I'd like to see them allocate funds to freshen the decor.

Tuna Tartare (Sesame Crackers, Asian Love Sauce) - 3 out of 5
This is my favorite dish at The Continental. The tuna always tastes fresh, is seasoned well, and, at $11, it's a great value. Liberally sesame-crusted crackers, which are shaped like tortilla chips, add a nice nutty richness to the tartare. Obligatory spicy mayo, aka "Asian Love Sauce," contributes a creamy spiciness to the dish. 

Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos (Grapefruit, Coconut-Peanut Salsa & Sweet Chili Mayo) - 2 out of 5
I admire the creativity in the flavors here: sweet tropical fruit, hot fried tempura batter, and the spicy mayo all worked together to produce an adequate dish. Few, tiny shrimp were overshadowed by the too-thick tempura batter.

Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai (Rice Noodles, Tofu, Egg, Scallions & Peanuts) - 2 out of 5
Perhaps I'm spoiled by the plethora of great Thai options in Philly and the suburbs. I expected an intersection of acidity from lime juice, sweet and nutty peanut sauce, silky richness from the noodles, and a little spicy and zing from the scallions. What we received was an under-seasoned dish that seemed sloppily thrown together.

Chicken Lettuce Wraps (Bibb Lettuce & Peanut Sauce) - 1 out of 5
I was looking for a healthier option for my entree and decided to try the Chicken Lettuce Wraps. The dish consisted of a bowl of chicken and mixed Asian vegetables a la Chinese moo shu; garnished with a side of peanut sauce and a stack of fresh Bibb lettuce leaves. The stir fry mixture was very bland. Similarly, the peanut sauce tasted watery and flavorless. There needed to be a more prevalent peanut taste and viscosity in the sauce. I was pretty disappointed and will not be ordering this again.

Overall - 2 out of 5
There are certain restaurants where the food feels infused with love and passion. Unfortunately, the Continental is not one of those places. The plates looked rushed and it felt like the chefs were just throwing food out to sling plates as fast as possible. The food was average and uninspired. There was no delicacy or concern for minor details in presentation of the food nor the appearance of the restaurant. Maybe, after nearly a decade in the city, it's time to re-examine the menu and renovate.
Continental - a Philly staple and go-to.. well, not anymore. 

I've been going to continental for years; it's one of my favorite restaurants. However, after my dinner last night, I don't think I'll ever be back. 

First and foremost - They cut the portion sizes of all the main dishes in HALF! Here's a picture of the continental salad and shoe string fries we had. This is half the size of the dish pre-covid. Completely unacceptable!

But wait, there's more! Not only did they cut the portion sizes in half, BUT THEY RAISED THE PRICES! Yep, that's right, you're reading this right.. they cut the portion sizes down AND raised prices. What is going on?! 

Last but not least.. the quality has gone down! We noticed the lobster in the lobster Mac and cheese is different, and they cut the portion suze of lobster down too. With the cheese steak egg rolls, they made them smaller, and the exterior is different. They also don't serve the fried onions with the cheese steak egg rolls anymore - they're cutting corners on every little thing. Unreal. 

BOTTOM LINE: Everything has changed FOR THE WORSE! 

I understand raising prices. But making portions smaller and decreasing the quality? No, that's unacceptable, and Stephen Starr should be embarrassed. Stephen - do you really think your customers aren't sharp enough to notice this? 

Covid is in the top of the ninth inning. By the time the games over, and everything is back to normal, portion sizes and quality better be back to normal too. If not, you'll lose customers for good, I'm not gonna be complacent and accept this, and others won't either.
If the menu heading of "Global Tapas" makes you groan like it would for a lot of uptight foodies/hipsters that can't just enjoy some good food sometimes, then don't bother coming here. Otherwise, if you like some really tasty, satisfying food, then you will love your meal here like I did.

There are a ton of great choices here, consistently mostly of the aforementioned tapas and small plates for sharing. I usually prefer these kinds of menus since you get to try so many different things. The one drawback is that you often end up dropping way too much money to get enough food, but that was surprisingly not the case here - given the nice atmosphere, great service and the fact that it's a Stephen Starr restaurant, I expected to see my wife shake her head at me when the bill came, but we were both shocked in a good way that it came out so reasonable for the ton of food we got:

- Szechuan Shoestring Fries ($8)
This is the only time I've ever actually liked shoestring fries. Something about these was so great, I just could not stop eating them. I think it was that amazing sauce, which they slather over them a little bit, and also have on the side for extra dipping. Everyone here gets these, and you should too.

- Kung Pao Baby Back Ribs ($12.50)
Great twist on ribs, bringing a delicious combo of flavors with the peanuts, glaze and tender, buttery soft meat. 

- Korean Pork Tacos ($8.75)
These also packed a really great flavor. You get two generously-sized tacos filled a lot of delicious pork.

- Cheesesteak Eggroll ($13)
This is the most gimmicky, but best thing here, and you must get it. It has all the meaty, cheesy goodness you know and love from a cheesesteak, only here it's surrounded by a hot, crispy fried egg roll shell. This was definitely the best bite of the meal and is a really satisfying dish.

- Rad Na Thai Chicken ($12.50)
This is an enormous bowl of food, and we were beyond full by the time this came out. I still made a good dent in it though, because it was pretty tasty. It is a little deceiving though, as there is quite a bit of bulky cabbage taking up a lot of room in the bottom of the bowl. The very wide rice noodles on top though were excellent, and the chicken was delicious. This is a good choice, but note that it's way bigger than most other small plates.

- Liquid Chocolate Cake ($5)
This was a really excellent dessert. Along with an always delicious piece of hot, chocolate cake with a molten center of more chocolate, you get a great scoop of Salted Caramel Pretzel Ice Cream, which is a perfectly refreshing complement to the rich, sweet cake. This is a must to end the meal.

- Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup ($5)
This was pretty tasty too, but not as peanut buttery as I hoped. It still tastes good, but if you are a normal person and only get one dessert, I would go with the Liquid Chocolate Cake instead.

As mentioned above, the prices were very fair here. Most places I'm used to in NY with this type of atmosphere would charge nearly double for the same desserts. Service was also perfect and very attentive. I would definitely return here, or maybe visit the other location next time to try the rest of the excellent menu.
Cashed in a generous giftcard for my birthday dinner last night - so we got to experience lots of goodies from the menu without worrying about what we were spending (that's how I like to roll!). This is the ideal place to order a lot of food and graze for a couple of hours...

We arrived early enough that we didn't have to wait (since C.M. doesn't take reservations I was a little nervous that my husband and I would be standing around in the bar with our two kids) and scored a prime booth location. Our server was professional and attentive but we didn't get the Miso Soup we ordered - probably because it was so loud that he didn't hear us order it. Highlights included the ginormous plate of french fries, lobster mac & cheese, fried shrimp & calamari and barbeque chicken quesidillas. 

My favorite part of the meal was dessert. They're also served small-plate style, so even if you're stuffed after your foodfest they won't make you feel like you're going to explode. The kids got cotton candy (we all agreed that the fact that C.M. has this on their menu is very cool), the husband got Fruit Loops (tapioca pudding thingy) and I topped my very special day off with chocolate raspberry goodness. We left happy and full (and thrilled that we scored a prime parking spot less than a block away and didn't get a ticket).
*Another review that's bought to you by the people that McThrill considers worthy enough to go out of his way to catch up with*

My thoughts on Steven Starr places are no secret. Generally I'd do all that I can to avoid setting foot in one of his places. I guess it's just that to me they generally represent the overpriced scum of smug douche whistles that believe in flash over taste (not all of them, just the majority). But my friend was here for drinks on her birthday, and she's someone that's cool enough to the point that I'd generally go anywhere for. So to The Continental I went!

It was my second time going here (another moment that would have been bought to you by people that McThrill considers worthy of going out of his way to catch up with, if I had decided to write about it instead of blacking it out.) and I was loathing my entry to the point that I did a couple unneeded walks around Rittenhouse Square before hand. And as I was riding the elevator up to the roof the main thought going on in my head as I was looking at the other people riding it was "One of these dudes is not like the others, one of these dudes doesn't belong.....". But as I first set foot on the roof bar my instant thought was "Holy hell is this roof freaking posh!". It would have been a hell of a lot better if it overlooked more than Rittenhouse high rises, but when it came to roof bar experiences it wasn't too shabby, and it upped my review that would otherwise be a 2 stars.

The majority of the crowd sucked ass, but the 4 people that I was with made up for that setback. The beer list was pretty much the basics and predictable imports, but the prices were decent considering the place that it was. The cocktail list was vast, but from what I tried they were a little on the weak side and therefore somewhat overpriced (tasty at least). The only food that we picked up was edamame, which was good. Of course if you screw up edamame then there's something seriously wrong with you. The major thing that really sucked arse was the extra gratuity added on to the bill.

So end result, Continental indeed merits 2 stars, and if your on the 2 main floors than I can easily see that being the result. But the roof does add a extra something that can make it tolerable, and somewhat enjoyable. and that earns the extra star.
I'm a bit surprised the reviews here aren't better. I came here for a group event and we all thought this place was amazing!

Loves:
+ Good cocktails
+ Cool atmosphere (those hanging chairs on level two, my gawd)
+ Yummy food (personal faves: ahi tuna tartare & cheesesteak eggrolls)
+ Friendly staff
+ Interesting bathrooms (outsiders can see in but insiders can't see out LOL)

Yep. Our group thought this place was def a 10/10 and I'd happily eat here again. YUM. x3
3.5 star.

Very cute decor and decent food. However, I don't think the food is quite worth the price. The only thing I found worth it is the lobster mac n' cheese (large portion so you def want to share this!) and the Ahi Tuna Tartare. The Pad Thai here is decent but it tasted pretty traditional so if you are looking for something more "fusion", I don't recommend that. The open-faced shrimp quesadilla is also okay but be prepared to know that this is basically a fancy pizza. I definitely would NOT order the Vietnamese Summer Roll again though because it was TINY!  

As for the dessert... again, I thought were good but not worth the bite-sized (literally) portion they give you.

Service here is great though. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Overall, I think it's a cute restaurant and would be great for a date but be prepared to spend a lot to be full!
Visiting from San Francisco, I was disappointed . 

UGGHHHHHH!! This is the only time I'll say this and these words totally describe this restaurant, "UBER LAME." 

Uber is such a lame word and with that, kids..momma's going to teach something about Continental's lame customer service and overrated food and drinks. The ambiance and decor were unharmoniously cohesive with each part of the restaurant, bar, and lounge. Glassware was more like "acrylicware' -- WTF. 

We settled for drinks and dessert which were uninspired and felt like a complete afterthought. I really wanted to like this place but fell short of its charm as soon as I sat down. 

Sorry Philly, this is a miss.
This place made me really uneasy.  I didn't understand the staff's outfits, they acted like it was a burden to serve me and my friend, and the atmosphere was just...off.  The porno swings scared me.  The food was good but over-priced and small portions.  I had to get a snack about 30 minutes after I left.  Not cool.  I don't think I'll ever be going back to this place.  You shouldn't even go once.
If you live in or have visited Philadelphia more than a handful of times, there's a good chance you have been to Conti.  With good reason.  The food is always of good quality and decent cocktails can be had from the bar.

If you can grab a rooftop table go for it.  They have heaters in cold weather.

Food wise there are some great stalwarts like the Calamari salad (huge), cheesesteak egg rolls, crispy potato strings, and tuna tar tar for starters.  Everything comes out as its ready so sharing is really the way to go here.

The kung pao baby back ribs are phenomenal, fantastic sauce altho don't expect a large serving even though it's listed among other entrees.  The short rib comes in a cast iron skillet served over refried beans, cheese, and some other luscious goodness.  While this plate passes for a proper entree, again it's not the biggest so look to order items for the table and share.

I have been to this Conti at least 20 times and i have never once been disappointed.  The one complaint would be the prices are a bit high for the actual amount of food you get, which is holding me back from 5 stars.  

This place is perfect for groups, dates, and special occasions with its "cool" ambience.  Upstairs are swinging chairs for two top tables.

Just go, it's great.
Can't believe it's come down to this, but this post is necessary. I've been going to The Continental (Midtown, Old City, Atlantic City) for years and have always had a great experience and great food. I was excited to return to the midtown location Thursday, May 27 for another great meal. We were sitting outside on Chestnut (people still feel the need to open up their windows and shout random things as they drive by, it's bizarre) and started with the continental salad. WOW! They decreased the portion sizes by nearly 60%! The salad used to be enough for a 3 person group to all have 3 servings AT LEAST. Then we order the shoe string fries which are normally packed 11 inches high, they're contained in a tiny bowl!! Not only are all portion sizes significantly smaller, but they also raised prices and lowered quality! I could easily tell the wrapper on the cheesesteak egg roll was way worse quality than it used to be. You can choose one (diminished quality, decreased portions, increased prices) but you can absolutely not choose all three! This place is a total disaster.
It is very hard to see continental- a classic- change drastically after dining here for years. The changes made have been disappointing at the very least: portions are smaller but food is more expensive per portion, classic dishes have purposely removed ingredients, food is inconsistent, and worst of all the shoe string fries are no longer shoe string fries! Now they are thick, soggy fries that are presented in a tiny bowl (for $11!). Ultimately: if it is not broken don't fix it Stephen!! Not returning
Everyone told me to go to this place for the atmosphere. "It looks like an oldschool diner with a classy feel." And sure, that's kind of what it is except the seats upstair also smell like an oldschool diner and I couldn't exactly be expected to sit still the the two seater swings... but hey, that's their appeal. 

The food and the drinks though? Amazing! My friends and I each got a plate to share (BBQ chicken quesodilla, open-faced shrimp quesodilla, and the cheesesteak egg rolls) then we each got dessert (cheesecake, a blondie, and some banana fried dumpling) We spent the entire meal basically just stating how good to food was. 

Their specialty drinks are also really good, but slightly pricey for the small amount they give you. The most popular one I saw was a champange cocktail, but instead I got the Pimm's cocktail and the Gin martini with Rangpur and Lime cordial. Delicious!

Our waitress was friendly as ever and got a great tip out of us. I'd def. go here again with a bunch of friends... though it is slightly a novelty place for me.
Even knowing the pretension level here was going to be high I was still disappointed in this overpriced Starr joint. From the snooty hostesses that informed me that I could not be seated until my party was ready (they were finishing cigarettes outside) I could tell this place was not going to entrance me. 

We opted to sit at the bar as the hanging wicker chairs did not appear to be made for men of our stature. Plummeting to the ground and being struck on the head by some bolt pulled loose may give some visions of workmen's comp, but not me, thanks!

Yeah, the look is kitschy in that 1960's jetson's sort of way. The tang astronaut cocktail was well received by one of my friends, and the Bacon Bloody Mary was something I predicted a while back and have been surprised to see show up so slowly. Too spicy for some, and of course if you ask them to make one not as spicy all you get is a blank stare and 'It's pre-made'. Wow! Way to be a bartender! If I ask for something beyond a shot and beer will your head freaking explode?

Actually, that might be more exciting than anything else served here that's for sure.

The bathrooms have large mirrors that act as one way glass so you can see IN to the bathrooms. Now, not being a shy type I personally didn't mind, but in this age of cell cameras everywhere this does seem creepy. I understand Starr loves the whole 'shared bathroom we're all adults' concept, but wow.

The other concept that goes quickly downhill is the beaded metal curtain behind the urinals. It provides a modicum of privacy as you're 'occupied' but then you walk through it to get to the sink. Ok, now follow my hospital trained cross contamination train of thought here. Drunk dude goes in, whips it out, sprinkles everywhere, turns, USES HANDS TO MOVE BEADED CURTAIN, etc. You now have to walk through said baptized curtain to get to the urinals. Yes, Bleah, now you understand why I was skeeved out by it versus 'wow isn't that cool'. And don't even try to tell me they have someone who cleans it. No star employee gets paid enough to stand there and wipe a damn bead curtain down with Lysol. 

So, go for the 1960's futuristic vibe, the see and be seen environment, some peeping, but not for the food or drinks. Oh, and bring purell. Yuck.
I hate giving bad reviews, I really do but sometimes they are necessary.

Recently I decided to go to a work happy hour. I generally stay away from these as I prefer to keep the after hours Noah separate from the corporate Noah as one is a respectable, hard worker with a lot of upside and the other has been cut off more that Bubs from The Wire (props to those that know the reference).

So going into the happy hour I was a bit on edge to begin with but I've been to the Continental a lot so I felt that being on home turf would be an advantage. Unfortunately the roof was closed for an event so we went down to the second floor bar. We had about 9 or 10 people and were the only ones there. 

The bartender started off fine, everyone got drinks and was talking. I ordered a vodka club and gave a generous tip to ensure smooth service the rest of the evening.  Wellll, another group came in that he must have known and and that was basically the end of our service. 

A friend of mine was waiting for about ten minutes for a drink while the bartender was talking to another patron and I heard the patron say to him "I think those guys need drinks" and he said they can wait. Now I don't know if there is a back story and someone in our group splashed this dude with a puddle on the way in but he had some sort of beef with our group.

As I was starting to get angry I decided I'd save my dignity and leave but before I did I thought I'd see if I can get his attention and order a drink for a friend (since I think I have amazing report with everyone) when we made eye contact I said, "she needs a drink when you have a second sir" he responded I KNOW. 

That kind of service is unacceptable. Especially when there are a hundred other places that would be more than happy to accommodate a decent sized group of thirsty twenty-somethings with a corporate card.
My family and I just had the most unbelievable experience at Continental Mid-Town.

We went to Continental around 3:00 on a Sunday afternoon figuring it would be empty, and we could get in and out without issue...... I was right about it being empty, dead wrong about not having any issues.

Our experience started out ok.  Seemingly friendly waitress, drinks ordered and French fries ordered for my child.  We ordered our meals, which the waitress repeated back to us.  Our appetizer came out but with no plates.  We had to wait for the manager to come around to get us plates and napkins.  Then half of our meal arrived.  This is where our experience gets ridiculous.  After waiting 15 minutes for my husband's meal to not arrive we started looking around for someone to ask.  Literally 10 minutes without anyone on the floor.  No servers, no bussers, no manager and a bar tender eating in the corner.  Finally we see our server and ask about my husband's meal.  She proceeds to insist she didn't hear us order it.  But she had repeated our order back to us.  There were 3 of us, so common sense would tell you 3 plates of food right?  Also if you are a server your job is to listen and hear what your customers are ordering so you claiming you didn't hear us order it makes you horrible at the job you have.  The matter proceeds to get completely out of hand from here.  She starts giving us a "what do you want me to do attitude".  Her options are discounting our meal or putting the order in.  Now these seem like perfectly fine options but not while you are rolling your eyes and giving an attitude about it.  Well, we didn't have any more time to spend, we just wanted to leave but there was no way I was leaving without saying something to a manager.  She says "You want my manager, FINE" and storms away.  She also quips in that "I was nice to you guys, I even brought you syrup like you asked."  Well genius, we ordered pancakes, which on the menu states they come with syrup so if that makes you a nice waitress I stand corrected.  As we are speaking to the manager she proceeds to keep eavesdropping and stomping back and forth and rolling her eyes at me.  That's the point I pop her the middle finger because I am severely annoyed with her childish behavior so when in Rome.  As we are trying to discuss the situation with the manager the waitress proceeds to stand behind him stomping her feet, pouting and rolling her eyes at me.  I am not one to keep my mouth shut and quite frankly I was at my absolute limit with her so I asked her to remove herself from us.  She proceeds to call me a "Psycho" and makes some comment about me having a child.  How the managers didn't remove her from us in the first place is completely unprofessional but allowing her to insult me being a mother, drawing my child into it?  Can you imagine something like this ever happening to you in a restaurant that is expected to have a higher caliber of service?  Yelling insanely personal insults at a customer that you gave horrible service to?  3 hours later I am still insanely shocked and appalled.  

We eat out several times a week, from places 5 star to 1 star all over the city.  Never in my life have I ever had such a horrific experience at a restaurant.  Not even at a McDonalds.  We used to frequent Starr Restaurants, not just the Continental, but that will end as of today. It's not just screwing up, but having such an unprofessional childish meltdown over being called out about it, and then being allowed to remain on the floor, eavesdrop and insult customers.  Two mangers were sincere in their apologies, but at that point the situation was too far out of control to be rectified.  Obviously we didn't pay for our food, but we barely touched it waiting for my husband's meal.  The managers offered something to make up for the issue but I would never go back to the place after being treated like this.  I am really conflicted posting a review about this because you could tell the managers wanted to try to make up for her behavior.  If she would have just apologized without an attitude or blaming us for her mistake we probably would have walked out remaining customers, and she still would have gotten a tip as we are minimum 20% tippers even for lack luster service.  I hope this review steers people away from a restaurant that hires people who treat customers like garbage and don't deserve to be there.
I enjoyed a recent team lunch here. 

The burger is very juicy and quite tasty. But the cheesesteak egg rolls were the real hit. I'd eat those in a meal alone. 

I didn't get a drink. Maybe next time.
This restaurant is another one of Steven Starr's stylish incarnations. With a spacious floor plan and a swanky upstairs martini bar, Continental repeatedly draws me in. Starr began with the other Continental, in Old City, and it's diner-like bar and mini tables; however, this location is the complete package. For a fix of trendy and cool, a lunch, dinner, and/or drinks, choose this site over its Market Street sister. 

Out of the mixtures, I suggest Sweet Manhattan and Rob Roy cocktails, both containing a lush vermouth-bitters combo. Decked out with Rat-pack-meets-007 style, with a bright palate and soft lighting, the chic dining areas are appropriate for a date or a dinner out with chums. The Asian inspired tapas variations, which you can order as an appetizer or a full meal, seal the deal.

The gargantuan spherical halogen lamps and stainless steel tables glisten to illuminate the a-la-60s dining area. I could go either way about the "birdcage" chairs. The rooftop bar is the real highlight - a rare view and a metropolitan treat on a nice evening. Dancing breaks out occasionally at the bar/lounge upstairs, but it's still suitable for intelligent mingling with friends and colleagues. On busy nights expect a wait for seats and entrees. Overall, a swanky (in the campy application of the term) spot.
Sadly, the other reviews stating that the portions have changed while prices have gone up are pretty on point.  We were so happy that they finally re-opened, we wanted to support them and get the cheesesteak eggrolls and Calamari Salad.  Those are our two favorite menu items.   When I took the food out of the bag, I thought maybe they left the other half of the salad behind.  It was A LOT less than usual.  That salad feeds 2-3 people and this barely fed one.  We took a break and waited a month, and gave it one last try.  My husband picks up the food, sees that it is SIGNIFICANTLY less than usual, and asked a server about it.  They told him that those are the portions they are being told to give out.  He brings it home and it was shocking.  I mean SHOCKING.  I had to add an entire bag of lettuce to make it so two people could share.  I know some restaurants give smaller portions to-go, but I never understood why.  This was way worse.  I took photos because I couldn't believe it.  I hope it gets better.  They're known for sharing and if you aren't giving people enough to share.......I emailed management but no reply a few weeks later.  I would be embarrassed to give out the food they are giving.  Almost a slap in the face of their customers. But hey, it's a Stephen Starr joint.
I usually come here for drinks in the rooftop lounge when I visit Philly, but this time we stopped by for dinner.  It's an interesting menu, more Asian fusion type of cuisine.  I liked the skewers especially the short rib one.  The chicken skewers weren't cooked well and was still raw so we sent them back.  They brought a replacement one which was cooked properly.  Wasn't a fan of the Brussels sprouts but I really enjoyed the chicken tikka masala.  The Rad na was okay too.  Service started well but faded as our waiter got more tables.  Cocktails are still solid.
Not crazy about the ambiance... can be a little stuffy, but without a doubt most dishes are typically great.  

The lobster mac n cheese is on the pricey side but it's the best I've had anywhere (it's actually the first place I've ever had it as well.)   I actually crave it about once every six months and have to go to Rittienhouse to get my fix.   Favorite cocktail.. the Buzz Aldrin (rimmed with Tang!)

UPDATE:  Ok, I've upped my rating after a couple more visits.. the upstairs lounge is definitely a fun place to be for Sunday brunch.. much more chill than the downstairs main room if you're looking for a little more quiet space. The Tiramisu Waffles are a fantastic "guilty brunch" selection, and the Lobster Mac'n'Cheese is still the best in Philly.
I came here in the summer (disclaimer: this review was about my experience back in July) with a couple of girlfriends for lunch on the rooftop.
Yes the tables were spaced out, all the staff was wearing face masks, everything felt very clean and safe.

Food- My favorite thing there: CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA.
Yes this is an American restaurant and yes I'm indian but let me tell you...this was honestly probably the best chicken tikka I've ever had! I don't know if they did some fusion ingredients to it or what but it was a 10/10. The chicken tikka was so creamy, the cucumber raita was so fresh, and the basmati rice was just right. 
Hummus and pita was good too, didn't 'wow' me as much as the entree but definitely could tell it was all made to order.

Environment/Vibes- spectacular. The decor, lighting, and overall ambience was just such a good mood. 

Return? yea sure if I'm ever in Philly again
Recommend? Yes
Visited this place for some drinks and snacks with my friend yesterday. We asked to go to the roof deck. Went that way and was told by a bouncer type it wasn't available. Went to the hostess desk who said he must be wrong, ushered us back to that area and the bouncer type told us again (and the hostess) we can't go up there. 
We then Sat upstairs at a sticky counter bar. Where the 2 bartenders walked passed us numerous times never saying a word. Finally in my confused frustrated state I stopped the male tender in his tracks with, 
"HELLO, Can we order something"? He then put down our 2 napkins and took our order hesitantly, but not before he insisted I give him my credit card to hold. 
WOW, never thought about running out on a bill but if I did, the 6 inch suede LAMB pumps I was wearing wouldn't get me far...

He then disappeared, and a female began tending bar. She never asked us how we were doing, if she can get us anything else, is the sky blue, NOTHING

SUMMARY: Musical chairs, dirty bar, uninterested inattentive bartenders, mediocre bar bites....
= next time:
Wine, Chinese food, and a DVD 
"He's just not that into you" at home
There were things that I really liked about the Continental.  I liked the big gummy bear chairs on the second floor, the roof top bar was nice, the brussel sprouts were very good, and they had a bottle of liquor that I had never seen before (Plymouth Sloe Gin).  

I didn't like how slow the service was at the roof top bar (they could have really used another bartender up there.  I also didn't like that I was charged more for using a credit card than for using cash.  My friend and I ordered the same drink, We were both told $12, he paid cash and paid $12, I paid by card and was charged $13.20 or something like that.  I was told that this was due to "tax" but apparently the tax is only applied when you are using a card.

Overall, not a terrible experience, and it is someplace that could be really interesting.  For right now, it is good enough, but could be better.
I went here on 4th of July weekend in 2011 when I was traveling from NY for a weekend getaway (attending the AT&T PGA golf tournament on the outskirts of Philly).  Continental Midtown was hoppin' when we walked in so I figured I chose a hot spot and had solid expectations.  Expectations were met and I was satisfied!

Super cool vibe/atmosphere.  Food was good, nothing special.  Cocktail menu was cool!  Prices were reasonable.

A-OK!
One star because I've got to bring the curve dowwwwn on this one.  If you're going to do weird Starr-ified diner, at least go to Old City.

Maybe this place is better during the day, but at night the atmosphere is definitely odd.  Like it's trying too hard - or maybe that's just the people that come here.  This place doesn't really have any character.  

I must say that the service is excellent if you get an excellent server.  Portions are usually on the small side.

Out of towners & college kids get a kick out of this spot.  But I never come here, and neither does anyone I know who's actually from Philly.
I've been here a couple times.  First with some girlfriends to grab drinks and for some ho-hum overcooked edamame. My martini rocked, as it should, given the giant olive hanging from the sign outdoors.  

For my second Continental experience, I went on a dinner date and sat upstairs in the birdcage-like hanging chairs, which seem a tad too far from the table, and there's nothing you can do about it.  You can lean your birdcage in, or you can fight over who has a bigger gap between the table and chair.  Maybe it was just us, I dunno.

I didn't have any complaints about service (it was a weekday, maybe less busy?), and if there's anything that really stands out in my mind when I think of Continental is that YOU HAVE TO TRY THE FRENCH ONION SOUP DUMPLINGS! Oh pure flavor delight jam-packed in a little dumpling.  I don't need the retro-designed glam of the Starr restaurant to have me going back.  I just want those dumplings again!
I went here with a good group of friends after a huge dinner and dancing, and had the most delicious moscow mules (lost count somewhere,  but I know they were good, heh!!) , which is one of my favorite drinks. 

Moreover, I really enjoyed the rooftop bar; chilling there was the perfect way to end the evening!

That being said, out of a group of 8, two of my friends' drinks were undrinkable. One got a cosmo, and the other got a martini. None of us could drink either, they were so astoundingly bad =(

It could have just been an off night...When I'm back in Philly I would consider going back because the deck is so nice, and the people who work there are as well, but I will definitely stick with the Mules and not stray!!
I'm a little surprised to see mediocre/bad reviews about Continental.  Don't judge me but I think its a great go-to kind of place for a quick bite, a whole meal or drinking during the summer on the great roof bar.  I say it is go-to in that I would bring anyone here because of the vast menu, tapas style share-able options and generally delicious food.  

It is a larger restaurant and the ambiance is nice and warm, if not a little dark.  I have always had great service (I would say the same for almost any Steven Starr I've been to).  I would also suggest trying one of the house cocktails because they are fun, well crafted and strong! 

As for the food, everything I have had is good, some things better than others.  Among my favorites are the crispy brussel sprouts, the Korean pork tacos and the octopus.  The octopus may be number one, just well done, with a great but not overpowering flavor.  The shoestring fries are amazing, if you love thin crispy fries, if you don't try these and they might change your mind. Watch out though the portion is huge, not oh wow huge, but oh good lord we will never finish these huge.  Also I would judge someone who didn't like their cheese steak egg rolls no matter how gimmicky they have become.  Oh and their lobster mac and cheese (which is more like a risotto) may be some of the best in the city.  You can't go wrong with the salads or the delicious ribs or seared tuna (both perfectly cooked) ... Ok see why its hard to order off this menu? I can't think of anything I didn't really like.  

It's not a ground breaking, trendy, fancy place that is sending out a super thoughtful and inspired tasting menu.  Its a good staple with reliable food, that will leave everyone satisfied.  I'll admit that it is somewhat expensive and its super easy to over order because of how the menu is presented.  Be careful, go slow and choose wisely!
Great place for happy hour!  I enjoy that there are multiple options for seating and who can't resist a rooftop deck?!  The food is on point, which I'm a sucker for the cheesesteak egg rolls. 

They offer food options for 4-5 bucks on happy hour and 5 dollar cocktails. Go for the sangria or astronaut. The astronaut has a tang rim and gives you vibes of being a kid drinking the oj.
It's taken me a while to post my review of the Continental Midtown--mostly because it was such an excellent experience that I wanted to make sure I gave it the well-written 5 star review it deserves.  

Disclaimer:  I have only been to this restaurant once, and I am not a native of Philly.  

I came to Philadelphia on a business trip alone a few months ago.  As someone who had never been to the City of Brotherly Love before, I decided to cram my schedule back-to-back FULL of things to do and places to see.  I even made a list of the top 10 bars and eateries to  try.  Well, needless to say, all this excessive planning didn't turn out so well, and by mid-day on my FIRST day there, I was exhausted.  Exhausted, as in, I had walked about 20 miles that morning non-stop, and simply could. not. go. any. further.  And as any tourist knows, excessive tourism and the "I'm on a trip so I'll eat as much as I goddamn want to" mentality is a fantastic recipe for becoming RAVENOUS.  

Enter Continental Midtown.  

I knew it had to be relatively decent because of the line backing out the door. Since I was alone, they let me skip to the front of the queue and seated me almost immediately (VIP baby!).  Plus, they were gracious enough to seat me at a tiny table right next to the bar, but still within the dining area (so I didn't have to feel awkward about eating alone, and I didn't have to feel awkward about being a solo lady at the bar.)  I was a tiny bit bummed though because I really wanted to sit at the crazy-looking SWINGING CHAIRS on the second floor.  I wonder how swinging affects your digestion.  Considering how much I ate, it is probably a good thing I wasn't seated there, now that I think about it.

The menu caused me both delight and anxiety, because I realized that I wanted to order EVERYTHING, but was limited by my tight pants and my within-reason business expense allowment.  (Next time, I'm coming in jogging pants...)  I ended up ordering the lobster mac n' cheese, though the people next to me got burgers, and those looked pretty darn fabulous, too.  I normally don't listen much to the specials, but I was so so so hungry at that point, and when my waitress told me that a special was a BOWL of sugar-coated chocolate donuts, I knew that resistance was futile.  Homer Simpson got nothin' on me.  

The lobster mac n' cheese came out piping hot in a somewhat bland-looking white dish (with no side options, veggies, or garnishes).  But what it lacked in presentation was made up for in taste.  The lobster chunks were sheer perfection.  Also, I personally adore salty flavors, but if you are not fond of that, I would recommend avoiding this dish, because it is saltier than the Dead Sea.  Anyways, I am pretty sure I licked the whole thing clean.  

Then, the donuts.  Better than Dunkin and Krispy Kreme, that's for sure.  They were out-of-the-oven fresh and not overbearingly chocolatey.  Juussstt right.  I had no problem downing the entire bowl (about 4-5 full-sized donuts) AFTER a plate of mac n cheese. In about 5 minutes flat.  Mmmmmm, donuts...

Bonus points for the friendly host who came along and gave me detailed directions to touristy stuff and personal recommendations on bars.  I think he spent a good 20 minutes at my table.  Little things like that really improve the experience, I think.

ALSO--and this is probably the best thing -- you absolutely must come here on a warm summer evening for cocktails.  The drink menu looked awesome, and apparently they have a ROOF DECK (ummm, YES!) that opens up in the nicer weather.  

Basically, next time I'm in Philly, this is my go-to place for brunch, lunch, and evening drinks.
Lobster Mash to die for!  But everything else was blase.  Dessert was a total disappointment!!  Everything was over priced over priced over priced!  BUT it is somewhere everyone should try once just because it's so unique.  It's a fun place to eat and people watch.  FYI Try not to be seated in the weird bird cage-esque seats.  Although interesting, will possibly cause motion sickness while Reading menus. =)
The Continental has a fabulous environment with quirky, dimly lit decor. Our table had those rattan "egg" style seats that hung from chains in the ceiling. The appetizers were delicious, however in smaller portions and the main entrees were delicious. The menu could have offered more choices, but the selection was appetizing. They have a memorable cocktail menu which has been raved about and an upstairs deck with another bar and DJ. Perfect place to take a first date or group of friends.
Everyone knows Starr restaurants are mostly a ripoff. Expensive, smallish portions of mediocre food, and you're mostly paying for the ambiance, right? I know this. But still, I got roped into going to Continental for a staff lunch the other day and it was just OK. I ordered the Green Submarine, which is basically a veggie sandwich (avocado, sprouts, bibb lettuce, cheese spread, and I ordered mine without sundried tomatoes) on a toasted grainy roll, with fries, which were the best part of the meal. I could have easily put this sandwich together at home and made it slightly more flavorful and twice the size for less than what I paid. It is absolutely nothing special here. 

Also, I like how they ask at the host stand whether or not you're okay with sitting in the hanging basket chairs upstairs before they seat you. Never a good sign.
This is my go-to place when I am in Philly. It's a great place to go with a group of people and get a bunch of plates to share. Also, it's been a few years but brunch here was always good. 

Prices are great. Last time we went (about a month ago) with another couple (so there was four of us), ordered pretty much everything we thought of (like 5 courses), drank non-stop and each ordered a dessert and the bill was barely $200 pre-tip. 

They don't take reservations (and I know SS, I have tried to finagle my way to a table -- sleazy, I know) so be prepared to wait. Just grab a seat at one of the bars (awesome cocktail list) and hang out till your table is ready. Order some hummus, it will make it go faster. 

The roof bar is an excellent option when there's a long wait. 

Service is a little sub-par. But you don't go here for the service. You go here for the ambiance and a cool place to catch up with friends and sample tons of food.

Some don't misses:
- French onion soup dumpling
- Hummus
- BBQ Chicken quesadilla
- Lobster Mac n cheese (def. good for sharing, I could never stomach an entire order!)
- Cheesesteak eggroll
- Filet

Also: I don't see all the hype with the calamari salad? Doesn't do much for me.
Had such a rude waiter. Jonathan walked away from the table in the middle of us ordering and even left his pen when he came back. Asked for my sister's ID several times and was so adamant it was fake. huhhhhh
I stopped by the Midtown on Sunday afternoon mostly to escape the rain partially out of curiosity.  My friend and I were actually headed to Devils Alley for brunch when the sky opened up and unleashed  there fury.  The Midtown was closer so we hoped in there to warm up and get something to eat.

The Decor is great very quirky and trendy but fun at the same time.  I feel bad for the waitresses though the uniforms are horrible almost like car hops without the skates.

I ordered a burger which was fantastic and my friend got the lobster mac and cheese which was very good.  I also tried the bacon infused bloody Mary which sounds scary but was amazing.

It didn't seem like that had a very extensive menu for that hour of the day but I liked what I ordered so oh well.  Our service was good nothing over the top amazing but decent.  all in all it was a OK experience.
Average food, definitely not worth the price. But what I can say is that it's absolutely beautiful on the inside and I loved their friendly service! I would not come here for great food, but the ambience. 

What I tried: 
-Thai chicken skewers: 
juicy and tender, but the curry could've been thicker 
-Shoestring fries: 
slightly salty, but overall worth the try due its creativity. Make sure you like horseradish though, otherwise ask for on the side! 
-Cheesesteak eggrolls: 
literally cheesesteak in an egg roll form! Great for those who love both!
-Crab pad thai: 
DONT GET, not worth $18. too salty and there was no crab taste infused with the dish. Literally tiny crab bits were just thrown in. Such a disappointing dish. 
-Roasted octopus:
Really good! My favorite dish for the night, but definitely not worth $16.50 for only 5 small slices. Something to consider if you want to try or not
I've been here twice for dinner. The first time I ordered my favorite fried octopus dish and it was a step down from Continental in Olde City. I decided to give this place another shot. I don't remember what I ordered but again, I was let down. I haven't tried their squirts (my fave drink) but I hope their drinks are better than their food.
3-floors of sheer design monstrosity, the continental midtown is credited with breathing new life into what was once an ailing chestnut street corridor. however garrish, tacky, and all around obnoxious the life may be, you can't deny there's more of it. (if you've ever been around on a friday or saturday night, you know exactly what i mean.)

some of the worst moments:
-mismatched seat heights
-design vomitus all about
-bathrooms with two-way mirrors OR scuzzy carwash flap entryways
-vibrating buzzers for waiting guests ala the olive garden. 
-an elevator that only holds six, doesn't stop at the second floor, and is remarkably slow.
-servers in clothes at least 3 sizes too short/small. uck.

but it's still #2 in buying liquor from the state.  guess it can't be all bad...
Continental used to be our go-to spot pre-pandemic but now they've completely changed their menus :(.
It's now More expensive and they don't have our favorites... very sad. We also waited 30 min to have our order taken. We did get the teriyaki salmon and that was yummy, but I do have to knock stars down because it's not the same anymore... and I've seen other reviewers give 1 star with same thoughts. :(
2.5 Star
This restaurant is right next to my apt (10 seconds of walk)  so I had been here several times for drinks and food due to my laziness to walk around center city. The interior of restaurant looks really old and some seats are worn. In the second floor, there are swing chairs as seats which is pretty cool because you could actually swing around while dining. 

I had tried a lot of their dishes such as shoestring fries, blondie bombshell, calamari salad, tuna tartare, eggs benedict, chicken tikka masala, french onion soup, roasted pork bao and etc. As you can see, they provide sort of international cuisine. However nothing really impress me. I see that shoestring fries was on the highlight but honestly that tasted okay for me. It was bland and since its greasy, you get sick of it easily after several bites. My favorite out of all is the blondie bombshell.  It's a blondie topped with ice cream, some whipped cream, and chocolate crisp balls. The portion wasn't too big and the cold ice cream created a great balance with warm blondie. The chocolate crisp balls also have this crunchiness which I like. That's my must order dessert whenever dining there. I would say people come here mainly for the atmosphere but not for the quality of food. On the top of the restaurant, there is a roof top bar that I usually go for cocktails. It gets crowded easily. Since I live next door, around 2-3m, I will start hearing people getting drunk and doing crazy things from the bar.   

If you are looking for a date night and somewhere romantic, try here. Parking in center city is always street parking. Good luck with that!
Always good. We love the calamari salad, and there many other consistently good dishes, such as onion soup dumplings. 

Compared to the other Steven Starr restaurants, this is probably our lest favorite, but its, good and quick, and when open, the roof deck is a great oasis in the middle of the city!
I use to love Continental, I really did, it was my default place for drinks. The rooftop is great spot for happy hours drinks or a weekend night.

The food is always good, the french soup dumplings have quickly become my favorite appetizer. The cheesesteak eggroll is a great play on the classic philly sandwich and the sriracha ketchup is a tasty twist as a dipping sauce.  The Lobster Mac and Cheese is fantastic! My entree of choice and always the filet mignon with wasabi mashed potatoes! yum!
For lunch, I usually order for take away the green submarine! it's a huge sandwich and side salad for about $8.00! You can't beat that for a healthy meal!
The brunch portions are huge and delicious.
I work a block away and always order the green submarine with a side salad for take away.  It has never disappoint, it's a lot of food for under $10!  

Now the downside of this place, which is my ALL TIME pet peeve!!! The WAIT STAFF drives me absolutely INSANE!! I like to come here for drinks and dinner, but when the server (and I've been through many of them) acts like they are doing ME a favor by waiting on me. MAKES... ME... CRAZY!!!  Yes, we are in a prime spot in the center of town and yes the food and drinks pretty decent, BUT seriously I'm paying for the service, this isn't some act of pro bono on the staff's part!  

I say this time and time again, the service + the food makes a great dining experience, not JUST the food.  I am willing to throw an extra couple of bucks in tip just so the server can pretend they like their job and not give me the impression that I'm wasting their time and they are too above me. 

The bartenders are the WORST!! I know that they are the upper eschalon in terms of wait staff hierarchy, but seriously, get over yourself and just pour my drink! Your striped polo with the popped color do not impress me....eyerolls...

Seriously, get another job, if you can't do your current one properly! I am normally on the Steven Starr bandwagon, but this place needs to clean house. Keep the food, dump the staff!  On some occassions have had a great experience, but over all those visits are far and few between. 

Get it together Continental.
This is a great place for small groups or dinner dates.  Most of the menu is tapas-style which, of course, are small dishes meant to be shared amongst the members of your group. But considering my date and I were super-hungry and super-greedy we decided to get our own entrees.  I ordered the Calamari salad and my friend ordered the Rad Na Thai Chicken.  The salad was very tasty and a great portion. My friend's dish also looked appetizing and filling.  Many of the cocktails, I hear, are good. However, please stay away from the Green Tea cocktail. It was very weak and definitely not worth $10.

The atmosphere is what sets Continental apart from the other restaurants downtown. It's very trendy. On a Friday night at 9pm there was (as expected) an hour-long wait.  So, to avoid the crowd we ate in the upstairs lounge. It also happened to be the coolest (literally the coolest in terms of temperature) area of the restaurant, which was important on that scorching August evening. The lounge is right next to the outdoor deck with is climate controlled for both hot and cold weather.

At the end of the evening my friend and I tried out the swinging chair section just for the hell of it. The swings are fun, but a little far away from the table. So unless you have really long limbs it will be a uncomfortable sitting for a full meal. 

I also can't forget to talk about the bathrooms. If you haven't read already, there are 2 way mirrors in which the people on the outside of the restroom can see in and vice versa. This doesn't exactly violate privacy because there are still stalls. The only visible area is the sink-area (I mean what indecent things are you really doing in front of the sink?)
Steven Starr must have been "the" guy to know in college because the decor in these restaurants makes me think he has done his fair share of mind altering, ah, "enhancements"

Great brunch, and eating delicious pumpkin waffles while in a swinging bird cage, well that is good enough for me!
I was only here for drinks in the upstairs bar.  This location is a little cooler than the Olde City based on the interior.  It's also much bigger.  The upstairs bar is pretty big.  The night we went wasn't very busy so we were able to have conversations.  There were these odd chairs that looked like stuffed animals that were pretty interesting.  I'd definitely come back here for drinks with friends.
I have been to Continental multiple times with good service and good food. 

That said, after my experience last night I will not be going there again. Me and 4 friends waited 20 minutes to be seen by anyone after sitting down at a still dirty table. The waiter, I don't know his name because he never introduced himself, brought only a drinks menu (we were there for food and drinks) and didn't check back for another 20 minutes. When he finally did come back, a friend ordered an alcoholic drink, the waiter asked for ID which she didn't have on her. No big deal at all, she ordered a coke instead and we moved on. When I ordered a water the waiter said "You don't need to give me that look." I was not giving him any kind of "look" what so ever, and was very offended. Not that it was any of his concern, it was 8:30 and I was finding out at 9pm whether or not I had to work that night, so I couldn't drink. He said he was "on his way to a better job" and didn't need to be fired. We got up and left and none of us will be going back.
This is definitely the place for mid town lunchers to rub elbows.  They also have a pretty happening happy hour.  I generally avoid it since it is so busy, but I do often dream about their calamari salad.  It is my favorite thing there.
OMG I cannot help but laugh at the hype of this overpriced restaurant. I was sick for a week and looking forward to ordering a $9.50 udon noodle soup to make me feel better..

When the soup arrived I thought someone had eaten half the bowl because it was only literally... half a bowl of soup with 3...really...3 strands of udon noodles...wtf?? the restaurant is posh and nice but that does not mean feeding your customers baby portions will make them happy!  even my boyfriend's overpriced edamame dish was larger than mine...makes no sense...it's better not to deprive an Asian girl of her noodle soup...and it's best if I do not revisit a place that does not understand my needs..

I will NEVER eat here again and recommend anyone with an appetite to skip this place.
I came here for lunch on a weekday, my friend raved about this restaurant and I was excited to see what it was all about. We wanted to "swing" which is basically sit in the chairs on the second level that are shaped a bit like baskets and swing from the ceiling. That, I will admit, was a cool experience. I liked the decor--the ball lights hanging from the ceiling, the pit, the seating, etc. but at times it all seemed thrown together. The mirrors in the bathroom were just a bit freaky, how can one feel comfortable in a bathroom like that? Seriously, "hi out there! I'm washing my hands now...while you watch." Blech.

I ordered the Midtown Special, which was a salad and barbecue chicken sandwich. My friend ordered some type of quesadilla. The prices are a bit on the high side (I got the impression from the lunch crowd that this was a casual dining establishment) and I thought we'd be served something similar to diner food. The portions are on the small side. The food, I'm happy to report, was better than I expected. More creative than your average diner, at any rate. The sandwich was nice, although I suspect that's solely because of the addition of the blue cheese. The salad, ordinary. I was envious of my friend's quesadilla though.

The service was excellent. We lucked out on the waiter, he was very observant, fun, and generally just a nice guy. 

Overall I wouldn't come here for a random lunch, or if I'm just passing by--I think that with the prices and slight eccentricity of the decor, etc. that it would probably only be worth it for a poor college student such as myself if we were celebrating something such as a birthday in a large group, or as a once in a while treat with friends. There was really nothing that stood out, but it was a pleasant dining experience in general.
I am pretty shocked that this restaurant has received such high reviews.  The restaurant itself has a really fun ambiance and we experienced quick service.  However, the food itself was simply not creative.  You know how when you have a cold amazing looking food actually tastes flavorless?  That's how I felt during my meal (and no, I don't have a cold).  We split the Lobster Mac and Cheese as an appetizer (the portion size was generous and you could definitely taste the lobster, but the cheese/macaroni were pretty flavorless).  For my entree, I got the calamari salad.  The salad was huge but the lettuce was flavorless iceberg, the tomatoes were soft, and aside from that there was some cabbage and calamari.  I typically love salads but this salad ended up tasting bitter and the vegetables were not redeeming factors.
ok so it's a stephen starr restaurant... get over it. the tuna tartare is bangin! i find myself craving it regularly. the drinks are supposed to be the big draw, but lately i have found most of my old faves to be too sweet (perhaps my taste buds are just getting more mature.. ha!) so now i stick to the dirty martinis. soo good and they have those big, fat olives that i love. the service is always on point. the swinging basket chairs are totally uncomfortable and a bit dangerous after a few of those earlier mentioned martinis. the rooftop is sweet.
This is a typical scene to be seen restaurant...of course it's a Starr restaurant, what else is there to expect?

Hostesses are inattentive and impersonal.  Wait staff I could say the same!!!  I've been here a total of two times and the food is never what I expect it to be...perhaps my expectations were a tad high.

Anyone notice that if you aren't flashing money around that you get the awful seats?  Anyway, I say this is dressy b/c ppl here are young and dumb enough to throw their money on mediocre food.

That being said, I think the dessert tapas here ROCK.  I love love love the monkey dessert - caramel and bananas in a wonton, fried, served with vanilla icecream, pecans, and a caramel drizzle.  Perfect size - just a few bites of something sweet to end the OK meal with.  Creme brulee didn't rock my world..too mushy and COLD!  

If you gotta come here, go for the lunch hour....
The roof deck is what keeps me coming bakc to theis place. On a nice night, it is a very chill place to be outside and enjoy an adult beverage. Caution: it can get crowded on weekend nights and they limit the number of people up there, so you may have to wait in line to get in the elevator. There is no cover charge though.

Another aspect of this place is the food. I've been there for brunch and it was average. The dishes are fairly priced and the food okay. It can also get crowded for this as well, so plan ahead and give yourself some time.
a cute spot to get after-dinner drinks. 

i've never really eaten here, but someday i'd like to try just to get a chance to sit in the suspended basket chairs on the second floor. tres cute, but they don't honestly look all that comfortable.

the bar on the second floor has a sort of lounge type area behind it that caters to large parties. i was there once on a tuesday night catching up with a friend and the whole bar area was just dead. slightly disappointing as the drinks weren't strong at all, but they still had the audacity to charge me $10+ for a drink? generally when there's fewer patrons, aren't you supposed to treat them better? ie. more alcohol??

but i did come again on a friday night for their rooftop bar, accessible by elevator from the back of the first floor. much more fun ambience there with the apres-work business casual crowd. drinks were better -- perhaps because i decided to go with whiskey and bourbon that day. and let's face it, how can you screw that up? throw in a splash of champagne to top it off and that was the end for me. 

good times for not-so-cheap prices, at least from what i can remember.
3.5/4 I went with my twin sis last wk and loved the food! Really tasty and if you order right you won't leave with a check too massive. 

We sat up on the roof deck and I must admit I was a little disappointed bc of the size and also it was a lil buggy. Our waiter was a super cute skater boy though so that made up for it :)

The drinks are really fun with sour gummies and such and the food was really good. The two of us spilt the red pepper and feta dip (really yum but simple to make so i prob wouldnt opt for again), the korean spicy pork tacos (VERY tasty i wished we got more), and the crispy calamari salad. I loved the calamari and the dressing was light and perfect for the summer heat. 

I will def be back!! :)
It's a cool looking restaurant and its large, so the odds of getting a table are a little better than most restaurants in the area. 

The shoestring fries. Let's be honest people. These are bad. They are the junk food potato chip that came in a cardboard canister in the 90's. Like bottom-of-the-bag potato chips. They are not fries. And they are not satisfying. At all. 

I don't care if they are the most popular item. It's popular because they are called shoe string fries. Not because people love ordering broken potato chips for dinner. 

Cheap/old furniture. Food is pricey for what you get. The food isn't bad though. Drink menu is lame. Maybe I'm just grouchy right now.
I've been to Continental- both the Midtown and Old City locations- a number of times over the years.  Visits have included business lunches, dinner dates, brunch with my sisters, and grabbing a few drinks on the rooftop bar.  Continental has a fun atmosphere (like most Starr restaurants) with good food (like most Starr restaurants) but with a price tag that makes you cringe just a tad (like most Starr restaurants).  

For my most recent visit, I was lucky enough to be invited to a friend's rehearsal dinner.  I had yet to attend a private event at Continental, so I was interested to see the set up.

The party was located in the inside section of the rooftop deck.  Unfortunately, mid-October weather does not equal rooftop dining weather, however the atmosphere was still wonderful.  The party started with waiters walking around with some of Continental's best appetizers- cheesesteak egg rolls, lobster mac n cheese, and tuna tartare on wontons were standouts in my eyes.  Service during cocktail hour was excellent.

For the sitdown portion of the meal, food was served family style.  Each dish was amazing- seared ahi tuna on top of mushroom risotto, steak over blue cheese mashed potatoes and an asian-style sauteed spinach were my favorites.  I really liked the family style method of serving because it allowed the guests to get a taste of a number of different meals.

I would highly recommend Continental's rooftop for a special event that you are hosting.  Great food and great atmosphere means a guaranteed great time for all your guests!
Just came from a show and decided to try Continental. I've worked in Center City for about seven years and I've always wanted to try this place. The ambience is cool. I guess I would say it's funky modern, if that even makes sense. Our waiter, Randall, was really cool.

For those who haven't been, it's tapas style. Most of the dishes can be shared between two or more people. My wife and I ordered the Jumbo Lump Crabcakes, Lobster Mac and Cheese and Jumbo Lump Crabcake Pad Thai. The crabcake dish came with two crabcakes that were all crab and no filler. Loved it! I love crabcakes and I hate when they're filled with 90% bread. The lobster mac was made with orzo. I was a little skeptical at first, but it was very delicious. Not to mention, there was actually a nice amount of lobster throughout the dish. The pad thai dish was really good. I love pad thai and I must say, for a non-Thai restaurant, the pad thai compares to other pad thai dishes I've had at Thai restaurants.

Overall, I'm glad I decided to try Continental. It actually wasn't first on my list for today. We were supposed to dine at Jasmine Rice, but they're still closed due to "maintenance." Sure Jasmine Rice, "maintenance." *wink wink*
I've come here for lunch a few times and while the food was pretty ok, it wasn't anything really special. Though I will say that the calamari salad never disappoints, particularly because of its large portions. You def won't lose any fat rolls eating this, so for the people out there trying to eat salads as an excuse to be healthy, stay away. 

Today was the first time I came here for brunch and it was surprisingly good, which is why I bumped up the rating from 3 stars to 4. The buttermilk pancakes were so light and fluffy--just a very simple recipe. The lox and bagel came out as a deconstructed sandwich that you assembled based on what you wanted I.e. tomatoes, lettuce, capers (see picture). Overall, a good meal.
The view is nice upstairs when the weather is cooperating but that's essentially all that's going for this place. 

For starters, the service sucks. Our waiter was nice and stuff but obviously super overwhelmed by how busy it was on essentially the first warm day of the year. Might I suggest having a few extra people working on a sunny 75 degree Saturday? 

I ordered Prosecco and it was $13 a glass. Is this NY? 

For my meal I got the continental salad which I've ordered before and really enjoyed but the ingredients were very clearly not fresh this time around. The ribs were LITERALLY brown. How do you serve that at a restaurant? It also just tasted not super fresh. I couldnt' even eat it to be honest.

Bae ordered the BLT omelette which was small in size. It comes with toast that looked good but was pretty standard as far as toast goes. The potatoes looked good as well but we're doing the keto thing (eye roll, I know) and there wasn't a substitute offered. 

The drink menu had a lot of really enticing options on it, so this place probably would have been decent for drinks. I have enjoyed myself here at less high-demand times.
Mish/Mash/Messy

I arranged to meet a friend who was helping me through my recent bereavement. I wish I'd chosen somewhere known to us though.

Booking was no problem & I arrived nearly 1/2 hour early, because I was in the area. I was offered to go to the table or bar. As the place wasn't busy,  I opted for the table. I asked for a happy hour cocktail menu but told happy hour drinks are only available at the bars - not tables; so I said, 'Ok, I'll probably grab one at the bar before my friend arrives.' So I did. Well, that's a mistake here...

In the time it took me to order, receive & start to drink the cocktail from the bar - which was approximately 6 feet away from my table, my reservation was cancelled!! Yes, you heard! They cancelled my table booking AND sent the notice via email (that's called a receipt; which will be used later)

I walked back to the table w/the illicit drink only to see 2 new diners sitting there. I asked if they sat there on their own or by the hostess. They said the hostess & 1 of them went to speak with her - the same hostess who seated me. Messy.

I typically walk into a place thinking 5 Stars but this messiness, in conjunction with my grief had them drop right down to a 1 star. The couple left the table - mind you, no one came & spoke to me during this time at all - so I sat back down & finished my drink waiting for my friend. Moments later the same waiter who told me about the drink situation replaced the menus & said, 'Oh we thought you had left.' I said, 'No, I went to get a drink at the bar'. This has got to one of the messiest arrangements in a bar/restaurant. I used to frequent the other, original location years ago & never had a problem.

My friend arrived & saw my mood. I explained what happened & she definitely wanted to speak to someone. Kathy, the manager came over and I explained what happened & she said they hadn't cancelled - I showed her the email cancellation. She apologised & offered to make up for the error. We were given a free appetizer of the Brussels sprouts, which were tasty & checked on throughout our stay there. The waiter was very nice & attentive. Honestly, I didn't have the appetite for anything but did get the hummus plate. My friend had the crab cakes & grilled carrots. She said all was very good.

Alas, I can only muster up 3 stars for this place because that is some disjointed mess with the drink ordering situation & as I was grieving, this didn't help.

It's a nice looking place. I think the upstairs seating would have been nicer, as the hanging chairs were very cute looking up there. We also didn't see the terrace bar or toilets so cannot comment on those areas. I think I'll have to stick to the old location in future though.
I've been to the Continental a few times, but most recently for happy hour. Happy hour is served at the downstairs bar, upstairs bar, and the roof deck bar from 5pm-7pm. Although you do have to sit at the bar to get happy hour pricing, there is some lounge type seating behind the upstairs bar that is included in happy hour. 

During happy hour we got a few drinks as well as some small plates to share and I couldn't believe how inexpensive our bill was! For regular meals, I think this place is a bit overpriced. This is definitely a perfect happy hour spot for a small group. 

I've been to the roof top once during the summer, but I did not realize it is also open during the winter. We couldn't go up due to a private party, but I would definitely come back to try out that scenery!
I woke up late, and called up my friend Marvin to have breakfast with me. He suggested breakfast at the Parc near Rittenhouse Square, but there was a 20 minute wait.  We searched for some places to have breakfast, and  we walked around and saw this restaurant. Read some reviews and decided to pay a visit. There was no wait time to get seated. The place is casual, but a little pricey for a simple breakfast. Service was decent, but I had to wait for another cup of coffee because we couldn't find our server. He was probably busy, so it was understandable.
This place isn't bad in terms of location, atmosphere and crowd. It's a good place to go for a casual drink after work or on a weekend. If you're trying to go for a serious meal, though, it may not be your best bet, unless you're one of those people that will drop $30 for a weekday lunch.

Their cocktails are delicious, if a little pricey. The Strawburst is awesome, really tastes like a strawberry Starburst.

As for the food, it's alright, but also a little pricey. The wasabi mashed potatoes are out of this world, but they were served with a teriyaki filet mignon that was just okay. The chicken skewers were a little dry. Tuna tartare is alright, I like the wonton chips (I think) that they served it with. Pita with hummus is good lunch fare if you're trying to stay healthy.

Overall, not a bad place for casual drinking and dining.
so, after a year of living in Philly, i FINALLY went out to eat here. of course, i didn't pay for it myself, duh. my Aunt and Uncle were in town and they chose Continental bc they like pricey, kitchy things. 
so here is my review...
Food- tried their gnocci, it stunk. way way way way way too heavy. tasted like a huge cheese curd with oil shoved into my mouth. tried the shoestring fries, they had no flavor b/c they were shredded sooooo thin. and i know theyre supposed to be shredded that thin, but fuck, i couldnt even taste them. eat the tofu and peanut sauce and slaw, now that was yummy. the tofu was grilled and marinated perfectly. the peanut sauce had great flavor. the slaw was a bit too mayo-y but still was good. my Aunt and Uncle and his brother tried some other dishes that they really enjoyed- shrimp pizza, frenich onion soup dumplings, and cheesesteak eggroll. at the end i had a wonderful little treat called Keylime Lollipop. soooooooo good. fuck i love cheesecake and graham cracker and keylime and ice cream and blackberry jam!
Atmosphere- its def a fun looking place. tacky and fun. the wives from the movie "Married to the Mob" would love it. i didnt bother checking out the bathroom situation with the whole mirror thing bc i find it completely stupid. it got pretty loud in there and the music made me feel like i was in a lame Euro disco-tech with Zoolander. actually, their bathrooms would make more sense if they were in a place like that instead of a restaurant.
Service- let me start off by saying that it was a Saturday night so it was getting a bit busy but the place seemed well staffed and managed. let me also say that our busboys were very on the ball and polite. also, our waitress seemed like a very nice girl. HOWEVER, she was soooooooooooooooooooooooo slow and seriously ignored our table half the time and even when she was at our table and saw empty glasses she didnt offer to get refills. the food came out fast but she lagged far between in check up service. maybe im being unfair  bc i dont eat out often, and when i do its never at trendy restaurants. maybe its like that everywhere? oh well, nice girl though.
i wont go back here, honestly. if someone offered to take me to dinner here again i would suggest somewhere else. it was fun to go once, but once was enough for me.
Alright, alright.  I've already reviewed one Stephen Starr place today, so we'll skip the rant about business tactics and degradation of food costs.  Let's begin...

*Makes fart noise with mouth*

A disappointment is what this place was to me.  For all its showiness and stylish creepiness (2 way bathroom mirrors looking into the bathrooms??), it just could measure up to other places nearby.

Let's look at the positives, first.

1.)  The Look

Physically, it's a damn beautiful space.  It's like a 50's diner that took all of its best qualities with it into a time machine bound for the 2000's.  The colors all pop and exude fun.  The shag carpeting on the ceiling at the bar is interesting and eye-catching.  Most of all, the seating stands out.  If you're lucky enough to grab one of the tables with swinging chairs, do so without hesitation.  It'll help take your mind off the food later.

2.) The Service

Fast and attentive without being over-bearing, the service staff really excels here.  I did have problems with some plate crowding,  but its my own damn fault for ordering so much food after I requested a 2-top just for a swingy chair.

3.)  The Drinks

Continental Midtown boasts a very creative drink list.  An entire section of the menu is devoted to specialty martinis.  I know it's been harkened to a lot on this site, but the Buzz Aldrin is an amazing concept for a drink.

Wow, that was glaringly positive.  I guess it's time for an appropriate counterbalance.  Here comes my lone negative...

1.)  The Food

Now, it is entirely possible that I picked each of the worst items on the menu, but even so, they should still be decent to even be on the menu.  To start, I had the humus with pita.  With such a simple dish, I've become accustomed to chefs trying to play with the humus a little.  Truffles, garlic, and red pepper come to mind.  But Continental Midtown offers a plain garbanzo bean humus, something I could purchase in a supermarket for a lot less than this restaurant's pricing.

Next, I went with the crispy calamari salad, having had great experiences with fried calamari in my time.  What I got was unpleasant.  The menu didn't lie, it was served over arugula with sesame oil among other embellishments.  However, the smell of the sesame and the taste of the peanut oil the calamari was fried in overpowered everything else.  I'm sorry, but your fryer oil should never overpower the taste of what it is frying.  In the end, my dish smelled like a skunk and tasted liked peanuts.

Finally, I decided to end with the menu's sole sushi plate, which I think was a spicy tuna roll (it's been a while).  This was actually very good.  But that in itself leads to more questions, like: Why does a non-Japanese restaurant fail in every piece of its menu except for its only sushi roll?

Sheesh.  Sorry about the rant, but this is my first overtly negative review, and I had a lot to complain about.

Overall, Continental Midtown fails in my eyes.  It is aesthetically pleasing, but the fact of the matter is that I decided to go out to eat; to have someone else prepare a meal for me knowing full well it would cost me.  Tragically, the preparer of this meal did not hit the mark.  At the end of the day, what is a restaurant if it can't feed people into satisfaction?
Come to the continental for weekend brunch, workday lunch, or dinner and you'll get three varied experiences. I think I like their brunch best, it's a relaxed take on American breakfast with a bit of flare. Prices are low and service is friendly. Weekday lunch is pretty blah... The Continental transforms into a machine serving burgers and sandwiches to the business crowd. Prices are on par with everything else in Rittenhouse. Dinner is an experience that must be done right: go with a group, get some stuff to share, try the more interesting dishes. They'll be hit or miss, but you'll find one thing you really like. The last time I ate dinner here, I got the Pad Thai... not a very interesting choice, but I've had so many bad Pad Thai's out that I have no idea why I ordered it. It turned out it was pretty awesome. 

Ultimately, you'll probably just want to come here to drink the cleverly named martinis. The rooftop bar is a lot of fun and was the site of the biggest bar tab my coworkers and I ever rang up. Well, it'll probably cost at least $40 a person to get drunk here, but at least getting to that point will be delicious and fun. 

Here's another random question... when I first started going here, the Tang and Vodka martini was called The Buzz Aldrin. Now it's just called The Astronaut. Did Buzz Aldrin attempt to sue Steven Starr?
Came to the Continental's rooftop a few weeks ago with four friends for some drinks and appetizers before heading out for the night on a Friday. We shared a few drinks and ordered a few appetizers to share. The ambiance of the rooftop is really nice. It is comfortable, modern, and has a enough space to fit a good amount of people, while still being small enough to feel intimate.

It took a while to get service in the first place, and after we placed our ordered for a round of drinks (all $12-$14), it took about 30 minutes for us to even see a server again. When our drinks came, they were really delicious and we placed an order for some appetizers. We ordered the Szechuan shoestrings fries, cheesesteak egg rolls, and Brussel sprouts. The fries were really nice, but could've done without the Chinese mustard drizzle. The cheesesteak egg rolls, as expected and pre-advertised by friends, were amazing and I would definitely order them again. The Brussel sprouts were amazing, and we could've done with 2 orders of them.

For drinks, we had a mix of different cocktails from tequila bases, to champagne, and a beer to two. The drinks are too expensive, but they serve a nice variety and most are served with top shelf liquor. The issues with service continued with the second round of drinks we ordered which took a long time, again, and one of them came and tasted like it was full of salt. Because it was hard to find a server, my friend wound up having to go up to the bar to get help getting another drink. A little disappointed that it still wound up on our check, but it is the way it is. The lack of care and attention from the staff was the biggest issue for me, and honestly will make me question coming back despite the quality of the food and drinks.
I don't think Continental is a bad place by any means.  It's just not my goto place in Philadelphia.

I have been here a few times and I feel like I've experienced the run of the place.  I've had dinner downstairs and I've hung out for drinks on the rooftop.  It does have a cool vibe but I think things here are overpriced for what they are offering.

I was here recently and while I did have an enjoyable time, I think I spent more than I would have liked to on the libations.  I agree with the CMCQ's review in that respect.

I think they do some cool things with food and this place can serve as a topic of conversation for people who don't live in Philadelphia but have visited.  Chances are, they have been here or it's on their "list of things to do in Philly"  Cheers for that.

The space itself is pretty awesome.  I won't turn down an invitation to come here but I don't think it's ever been my first choice.
Yuk.  Noise level was very high, food was very mediocre.  Most significantly -- the chair was so uncomfortable I will have to go to a chiropractor to get my back straightened out, making my dinner there one of the costliest I've had since moving here.
Every time I eat here, I am horrified by the service.  A date and I went for brunch and the waitress was snotty and then she served us the wrong meal.  Even after I complained, her snottiness did tone down but was ever present.  Recently, a friend and I went for dinner and had requested a booth (we were going to work on a website design together) and I was told that the booths were reserved for tables of 3 or more.  We had to wait another 10 minutes (on top of a 20 minute wait) for a two seater table while four booths were open.  After we were seated then they decided to seat other groups of two in the booths.  I could have screamed.  After we were halfway through our meal, I was asked if we would like to move to a booth and I politely declined while noting the unfairness of their actions.  The manager said, "Oh. Sorry."  

I'm not going back.

The food is fine, but it's classic S. Starr, which means it's something between gourmet and fast food. The atmosphere would be fun if the service wasn't so horrific.
Continental is a great gathering place to appease everyone, but impress no one. The food is average -- taste, ingredients, price, ambiance. Nothing special, but you also won't have a terrible experience. 

The rooftop outdoor bar is pretty nice so it's great for people that are tourists or don't come to Philly very often. The drinks are small and EXPENSIVE, definitely do not recommend making an entire night out of this place.
We had dinner here last Saturday night. It was busy but we didn't have to wait long to be seated. The atmosphere is nice. 

We had the lobster Mac and cheese, a Cobb salad and fried calamari.  The Mac and cheese was nothing special at all. A waste of $18 if you ask me. The calamari was very good but the portion size too small for the price. The Cobb salad was pretty good. 

Overall it was ok, but I wouldn't go back.  I wish we had gone someplace else.
The continental has a real retro 70's vibe going on .  Shag carpet and funky lighting and chairs.  It is also a huge restaurant and great for groups.  They have a modern american menu which is simple but tasty.  I also really like the sky lounge for drinks afterwards.
My friend from Philly made a reservation here and I can see why with it's unique setting! I felt like I was in scene that was part 80s and part futuristic. There were three of us which was unfortunate because the swings looked like so much fun and are for a table of two however I was told that the seats are actually not that comfortable for long periods of time.

Here is what we ordered:
* Lobster mac and cheese
* French onion soup dumplings
* Philly cheesesteak egg rolls
* Pork tacos
* S'more dessert

The first three were rich and heavy but were tasty - the lobster in the mac and cheese seemed kind of stringy tho I kept eating it. The pork tacos and the dessert were really good too! I also had the Perfect Pear cocktail upon recommendation of our waitress and it did not disappoint - was very good!! Our waitress was awesome too. We stayed much longer after paying our bill and she did not kick us out. Overall a great and fun meal!
I came here with a big group from work on a random weeknight about a month ago, and we just about ordered everything on the menu. I'm pretty sure that our group of overworked recent grads with gaunt faces and credit cards at the ready looked like a blessing from heaven to our waiter... Who was super, super nice to us. Obviously it was going to be a huge tip, but I appreciated it anyway. 

I usually don't do this for reviews but since we ordered so much, I'll list out the individual dishes with short comments on each.

Not Great Stuff
- Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Not anything special, but if you're really craving crab cakes or something, it's fine.
- Korean Pork Tacos - Meh. Too much sauce, which made it taste really unbalanced.
- Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps - Not great... I'm a fan of P.F. Chang's more so than this, which I think says something about Continental's.
- Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai - Forgettable, but I'm not into crab being paired with pad thai, so take that into account.
- Ahi Tuna Tartare - Not great. I've had better at more than a few places.
- French Onion Soup Dumplings - Kinda weird... I don't really think the heaviness of french onion soup in dumplings is a good combo.
- Crispy Calamari Salad - Just kinda tasteless... The calamari was more like crunchy stuff. And then salad. So yeah.

Pretty Good Stuff
- Black Quinoa 'Tabbouleh' Salad - Pretty good. I'm not a fan of vegan or vegetarian or quinoa in general, so I think the fact that this tasted all right was... well, all right.
- Lobster Mac 'n Cheese - One of their better seafood dishes.
- Rad Na Thai Chicken - Pretty good! I'd say worth a try.
- Szechuan Shoestring Fries - This was the real highlight. Our table couldn't stop downing and eventually fighting over these. Crunchy, flavorful, and interesting.

Honestly, I think we got more, but I can't remember, so it probably wouldn't be fair to review it. But I think that's what Continental is kind of like. Other than a few good dishes, the food pretty forgettable, so I'm kinda between 3 and 4 stars on this one. I'd say it's worth going to if you're just getting a couple of dishes and then drinks on the rooftop, or if you're more of an environment/ambience person who appreciates dining in classic decor.

Quick note - Watch out for the two-way bathroom mirrors. I had no idea but I went on kind of an empty night and I don't think (or rather, I really hope I don't) have any embarrassing bathroom habits. I've definitely been part of groups that watch and make fun of dudes zipping up their pants at the mirror and not washing their hands at other restaurants/bars, though, so just keep that in mind :)
Yeah...its a hip brunch, lunch, dinner spot.

The decor is swanky, there's a roof, there are seats outside, there are chicks all dressed-up ready to go clubbing.

There are limited food options and they aren't that expensive.

The place is pretty spacious and eating in the middle of the resto feels like you are in a deep pit.

Yup, you could probably meet some B-Listers up in here.
