The Dining Car is an old style stainless steel diner on Frankford Avenue, Northeast Philadelphia. It has a small private parking lot behind the structure, with much more space available in the Mealey Furniture lot next door. There is a dining room as well as a large counter for folks like me who are eating alone and enjoy watching their employees as they work. 

The staff is friendly and efficient. I had menu in hand and a mugga joe before me within a minute of sitting down. Traditional diner fare, with a few things for which they are noted - chicken croquettes and Jewish apple cake - among them. It even had a moment of fame when it was the subject of Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives show on the Food Channel. Of course, Guy is all about spiked hair showmanship and excessive exuberance, and not necessarily honest assessment of the food he is mugging for. Here, his enjoyment was legitimately entertained by the urban nature of this part of town having its own stainless palace, but also likely uninformed by the other Philly Special joints in the same neighborhood that far outshine The Dining Car (The Clown House, for example). 

I was there for a French Toast breakfast, although I was tempted to see what the fuss was all about with the apple cake. Doubt it was better than grandma's. 

Still, I enjoyed my morning repast, even if not outstanding. Two slices of decent white loaf seemed a bit light if it wasn't a short stack. Although advertised with "maple syrup," I'm fairly certain that the sticky sweet colloidal liquid pouring out of the container on the counter was not from a maple tree. Tasted a lot more like a generic Mrs. Buttersworth. Still sweet. Still a decent companion to the fry bread. Just not Grade B Dark. The coffee was strong, hot and free flowing from the Bunn brewer. 

The place was humming on Thursday morning. A definite community gathering spot.
The foods good, cheap and plentiful for the price you pay. My only complaint is no matter what time I come in here at it always takes forever for me to get my food, even if I only got like eggs, it takes forrrreverr. I feel like thats just a 'Philly-diner-thing', because most diners I go to in Philly always take forever for me to get my food, it's not like that in New Jersey, but in NJ the food is also a lot more expensive and you get a lot less, so it gives and takes I guess. Besides it always taking long to get served everything else here is good.
The Dining Car & Market has been in business for 50 years, although it has had three different names and locations. The streamline shiny diner that you visit today was actually built in 1979 and trucked over from New Jersey. It is one of the largest diners I have been inside and the decor is very diner like with a bit of art deco feel to it. 

The owner has worked hard since he was 16 years old to build a strong clientele, which the staff knows how to move tables in and out, yet you are never rushed. Erin was our server and what a delight, so friendly and personable, but all of the servers seemed to really love their job.

Of course there is a very long counter with stools, the coffee urns, refrigerated and non refrigerated in house baked goods begged for me to hop over the counter with fork in hand and sample each one. The cool thing about this diner is, if it is on the regular menu, breakfast, lunch or dinner, you can have any of it 24 hours a day, 7 days per week, the only day they are closed is Christmas day.

There are several dining rooms and a full bar, I could not help but notice, they never used a tray, not for beverages or food. Your drinks never go empty and teamwork seems to be spot on here. Many of the locals know that this restaurant is famous for their Jewish apple cake, French onion soup and the very best chicken croquettes you will ever eat! 

Okay, that bears repeating, the chef is known for his chicken croquettes and they are outstanding and where in the world can you even find them today? They tout that they are a "scratch" kitchen and the menu changes four times per year to allow them to shop for local ingredients. At four in the morning, according to Erin, they are grating potatoes for potato pancakes, which again are so delicious, almost as good as mine and probably the best I have ever had out...

So why do they make instant mashed potatoes? Why do they use frozen fries? You have these beautiful pillars of croquettes made with so much love, delicious creamy chicken gravy, only to scoop up potatoes that came from a box? I'm in a diner and I adore French fries with gravy and get a rich brown gravy on the side, but I'm dipping frozen, pale, not crisp or golden, semi warm fries into my gravy? I won't make those two mistakes again.

It will be difficult to order anything other than the chicken croquettes and grated potato pancakes again, but I will, since they have anything you can think of on the menu. Baby calves liver with onions, yuck, Salisbury steak, pork and sauerkraut, stuffed cabbage, steaks, seafood dishes. The menu is actually quite mind boggling, if you want kielbasa and sauerkraut at 5am you can have it. 

To start I had a huge order of fried mushrooms with a horseradish sauce, there must have been thirty mushrooms, no joke! Hubby had an omelet with home fries with peppers and onions and one pancake. He wasn't eating it with very much enthusiasm and I mentioned that his omelet looked dry and very well done, he agreed that it was, plus that and his pancake were lukewarm. I wish they would have brought it straight out when finished, rather than holding it until my croquettes were ready. I'm picky about my omelets, I like them done, no runny egg, but please do not burn them and cook them until they are bone dry.

Their soups are good homemade soups and they have an in house bakery, which has it's own attached building and can be entered from the restaurant or from outside. From the bakery, we bought a small double chocolate cake, which comes in two sizes, a lemon meringue pie, two huge eclairs, a French apple pie and a poppy seed roll. 

The double chocolate cake was not a dense fudge cake, but a much lighter sponge type cake, the lemon pie is delicious, we have yet to sample the other items, but so far, so good, not the best baked goods in town, but they have a very nice selection. 

I'm torn between A-Okay or Yay, I'm a fan, so 3.5 and I guess I'll have to return. Did I mention they were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives? Cash only!
Visit March 23 2017 12:30 PM. 
Been here probably 20 times in 10 years- at least 
five times in the last three years. The previous visits were better than this but the place was mobbed today So I opted for counter seating. 

Counter seating might as well have been sit there and be forgotten seating. By the time I sat down the entire counter was full of people and there were at least two servers covering the counter but the service was really lacking. They seemed to be involved with restocking and things elsewhere. 
Menus were plopped down on the dirty counter in front of me and I had asked for my area to be wiped. Then the set ups were put right on top of the totally soaking wet counter. I had to wipe it dry. Waitresses seem to be frazzled. I don't know what was going on. I was waited  on promptly after closing my menu but it really wasn't a friendly greeting. I wasn't asked once if anything was OK or if I needed anything else before the check was put down.  
If the meal was great I probably would have have been happier. 
My roast beef sliders were really just ho- hum. Tiny bit of Roast beef with a little coleslaw on tiny little buns. Nothing exciting. But, The potato salad was great. 

Still giving it three stars because I know this place is generally better than this. Hopefully I can upgrade the stars on my next visit.
Skip this place. I was here a couple times a few years back and thought it was just ok. Yesterday it was on our route,  so decided to try again. 

I cannot understand why so many people were eating lunch there yesterday. I ordered a turkey club $9.50 no fries & a teeny souffle cup of coleslaw containing maybe a tablespoon or two. The sandwich was soggy, running with mayo & the turkey roll (no kidding) was chewy to the point it was inedible. The waitress was nowhere to be seen. I ate the bacon and lettuce. I need to add that the sandwich was crammed onto a very small plate. Terrible.

My companion's tuna on a roll was better, but I was shocked the $6.75 sandwich grew by 85 cents when tomato was added. Again no fries & too much mayo.

The Onion rings we ordered were good. We got a small order. The ice tea was a mix and served in small water glasses. No refills were offered since the waitress was missing. When she came with the check, we asked for more tea which she brought. She never asked why most of our food was mangled and uneaten.

Forget the fact that this place was on Diners Driveins & Dives. Not good!
Okay so I swore up and down that I was done with this place. Unfortunately we had some friends with us and they insisted on this place. We went in this morning for breakfast. What a mistake! This place is a complete mess. Let me start off with the restroom, it was absolutely disgusting! They haven't been updated since probably 1980, and one urinal was busted, trash all over. This is unacceptable for a place that pretty much prints their own money. It was early on a Saturday, not at the end of the night.

The one and only good thing about this place is the French onion soup. It's very good, other than that nothing! I ordered a porkroll and cheese on an English muffin, first off $8.00! Yes $8.00 for a 2 slices of porkroll on an English muffin with cheese. What a complete ripoff! I've had better in a deli for half the price. They claim to only take cash to keep prices down. My daughter had grilled cheese, it was literally toast with American cheese on it not even melted, it was sent back. The others we were with seemed to enjoy their breakfast. It's sad what happened to the place, I was hopeful after a year not being here this place may have gotten better.  I'm officially done and will not return. I hear the owners opened another place in the suburbs, a bit of advice. How about you take care of the first restaurant before you open another. Sad to see these greedy owners taking advantage of the hard working people of the northeast. Stay away!
I have been eating at the dining car for 10+ years, sadly I will not be back. Over the years the food has changed, portions have gotten smaller and prices are rising. Although they say they will not accept credit cards to keep prices down. Keep prices down?  I ordered a turkey club for $9.50 and it came with no fries and literally a small souffle cup of coleslaw containing maybe a tablespoon or two. The sandwich was soggy, and literally had 1 piece of bacon on if. This is probably one of the worst turkey clubs I've ever had. For $9.50 it should come with fries and actually have some bacon. My wife ordered a chicken ceaser salad. It's was almost $13.00! For a salad! She said it was just ok and rather large. Maybe the dining car should offer a smaller option for half the price? Total check for sandwich, salad and kids meal was $37.00..ridiculous! I don't mind high prices when food is worth it. We have had the exact same meal at a diner cape may for $25.00

As for the service.. Well it was terrible. We went around 3pm, which was change of shift. Not a good idea! It took 30 minutes for our food to come out. 30 minutes for a salad and sandwich. And their glasses are getting smaller, so more refills are needed but the waitstaff if nowhere to be found.

Looks like we will be searching for a new diner in the far northeast and bensalem area. After being a loyal customer for 10+ years I'm done! I've given this place far too many chances! Maybe someday it will go back to the way it was.
Not impressed with this landmark restaurant, We came here Mother's Day because we didn't think it would be crowded. I really did not think people would take their mom's to a diner on this special day. We also came here because of Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. Burger and sweet potato fries were just ok. Fries came with Kraft honey mustard sauce. Really? The turkey club was average, fries were under cooked. Nothing special at all about the food or the interior. The service was ok but they were completely understaffed with servers and kitchen staff. Servers taking care of large areas by themselves, running around practically having meltdowns. Food was slow to come out for everyone.
I have been in this area for a very long time and I can tell you, this diner has CHANGED for the worse since the original owners retired. May still be family running it but they obviously missed something. 

First of all, the Dining Car is VERY expensive for a diner. Its the most expensive one in the neighborhood that I've experienced. Next, they don't even take credit cards. They do have an ATM where the surcharge is a nice extra fee. 

Next, the service there is slow. Doesn't matter when you go, what time of day it is SLOW. If you get something to drink, really nurse it since you don't know when your waiter/waitress are going to come back to check on you. They are pleasant enough to you. 

The food itself.. eh. I have had better. Its a bit lack-luster and you are left feeling like they got a good deal of money for the bit that they offered you. I don't feel its worth the cost. I have personally had food poisoning from this place at least five times. The reason so many times it happened was because the first 3 I thought it was something I had eaten before or after dining here. The last two times I ordered different things, thinking maybe something just didn't agree with me. I have several local friends who have all told me that they have gotten sick from eating here too. 

The bathroom sinks don't always work in this place either. Lots of times I have found them without soap, would tell the waitress and the response would be "Oh I know." and nothing would be done. After that happened the first time, I started bringing hand sanitizer with me. It makes you wonder how often the employees are really able to wash their hands. 

However, with all that said, this is one of the FEW places that is open late in the area. The service, while it is slow, is friendly and welcoming. The Bakery is very good and I recommend their cinnamon rolls, along with their goodies. The service in the bakery is like night and DAY compared to the diner itself. Wonderful service, great baked goods. I really recommend checking out the bakery and forgetting the diner.
Service sucks don't know about how the food taste we been waiting 30 to 45 minutes for meals. Four table that came in after us are on desserts  the place is bad
Every time i order an ice tea, WITHOUT a lemon, The Dining Car brings me one WITH one.  Was there one time when the electricity went out, had to eat in the dark, (as apparently they don't have any generators)
Food is okay, its got the Dinery variety, but i can't say they make anything exceptional.  The waitstaff has been pretty decent the few times i've been there, but the food is marginal.  In the same price range as other diners, but the fact that they won't take credit cards, and shove a nice ATM in the lobby with a NICE BIG surcharge (that i would be surprised if they didn't get a cut of) kinda makes ya wanna go to Dunkin Donuts instead.
I saw this place on the Diners, Drive-in's and Dives page of the FN website and wanted to see for myself.  I have to say, I was dissapointed.  The rolls brought to the table before the meal were cold and seemed like they've seen better days.  I ordered roast chicken which came with stuffing, and cranberry sauce and gravy and got mashed potatoes on the side.  The stuffing, potatoes, gravy and cranberry sauce, I'm convinced, all came from either a box or a can.  The chicken, I'll admit, was cooked pretty nicely, though it was a bit bland.  For dessert, I tried the "Justly Famous" Jewish Apple Cake.  I'm thinking the only thing famous about it might be the name on the box that it also seems to have come from.  I wasn't a fan (in case you couldn't tell).
Maybe it is just me, but when I go to a diner I really don't expect to be blown away.  I just expect quick, cheap & decent food.  
The Dining Car is really no exception.  The food is decent, service is good (for a diner) and it is reasonably priced.  Their bakery is excellent.  rarely will you have to wait for a seat, sicne this place is pretty expansive.  
Get the potato pancakes though-they are incredible.
Ok, I'll be honest.  if it was not for diners drive in's and dives we would never drive across Philly for this place.

It's good - they don't take credit cards so others must think so as well...I find their waitstaff very nice, and the breakfasts - at any hour are quite good - burgers and lunchy stuff is good but not as nice as breakfast IMO.  Only had dinners here once - had fish that was fine with decent sides, but IMO not worth a trip - OTOH  I think the breakfasts are great...

Deserts are hit or miss - some have been great other not so much...Coffee is unremarkable and they have a full bar...
I tried this place because I saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. What a big let down.  I had flown into Philly earlier that day and it was rainy and cold.  I was really looking forward to this place and to some good home-style cooking.
Nope! I had the meat loaf... horrible. It looked like cat food and the gravy was no good either. The steamed vegetables were too overcooked- no flavor what-so-ever.  Mash potatoes bad.
The chicken croquettes which Triple D hyped were alright and really nothing to write home about.   
Wasted meal really. Oh and the kicker cash only establishment- c'mon get with the century peeps.
Most of the wait staff looked like good people.  My waitress was very attentive.
This place just keeps getting worse and worse......The whole Diners Dumps and Drive -Ins tv show appearance must've gone to the owners heads because Guy approved of one dish. There are  PLENTY of better diners around (within walking distance too). Save the aggravation and go somewhere else.......You can thank me later
i am so totaly disgusted with the dining car that i will never go back again.  i take my grand mother and grand father there ever week end cause that's the only time i can take them both . ( i work )  so i go up to pay the bill which is not cheap and say " two senior citizens discounts please"  they tell me that it is not good for saturday's and sunday's. 

 shame on you joe morrison, your the owner of this place and up there in age to and your going to deny the seniors a discount!!!!!!!!!!!!  you should be ashamed of yourself for doing this to the elderly.  i guess that's why your rich and we people are poor.  keep your diner cause your a "greedy greddy old man"
I've been here a lot, so it's about time that I reviewed it! It's diner food. Nothing extremely out of the ordinary, but I enjoy it. I REALLY like the Turkey Orange Cranberry burger that comes with sweet potato fries. I also like the quiche. I always find myself drinking a lot of coffee while I'm here as well. They're cheap and they pretty much have everything.
I definitely give a thumbs up to the service. It gets a lot of traffic from groups after AA meetings and they are always welcoming, even it's 20-30 people dropping in on the fly. They always manage to ace all of our orders and get it out in a timely fashion (though no one is ever in a rush). Granted, the servers probably know by now the tips they'll be getting, but the service never falls short.
If you're up for a little drive-- then definitely go here!

Great food, great prices, huge portions, friendly service, and always so consistent.  I have never had a bad meal here-- this is a weekend brunch go to.

It IS a diner-- so don't go with tablecloth dining expectations-- but definitely one of the best diners that I've been to.
It does get crowded on the weekends-- but hey-- that's a good sign :)
I always come for breakfast so my review is based on breakfast. It's your standard dinner menu. They always have 3 daily specials usually one eggs potato and toast, a pancake or French toast & a oatmeal or cereal. They are all $3.99 and comes with hot coffee or hot tea. This is a great value or deal! They also have your standard regular breakfast menu. Nothing is overly expensive. I do like that you can order potato pancakes as your potato instead of home fries. 

The food is just ok. Nothing spectacular but it's not awful either. One of these days I should try the lunch/ dinner menu. 

They also have a bakery on premise and you can buy fresh bread or cookies or cupcakes or whole cakes. The selection varies so if you want a specific cake I would call and order ahead of time. The bakery is 5 stars. I love their vanilla cupcakes with chocolate icing! Always fresh & never stale. 

* cash only, there is an ATM inside but there is a surcharge
My food takes forever and is mediocre at best. I feel kinda bad saying that, but I would rather be truthful than be a liar. 

Usually here for breakfast and I get pancakes or waffles, making sure I don't get my favorite (French toast) so it isn't ruined for me. It comes out lukewarm every single time. I wait for a long time to get a drink and then longer for my food to come out and not even taste that good. 

I'll give it the fact that it's usually pretty crowded and I go on a Sat/Sun morning, but you should still be able to deliver when you're super busy. 

I'll just keep this one at a "no thank you."
I use to love the Dining Car, but they are getting overpriced and the food quality has gone down a whole lot. One of my favorite items was their mozzarella sticks and every time we order them now, they are still frozen/cold inside. When we complain, I'm almost positive they heat them up in a microwave to melt the cheese, then bring them back out.
the menu was falling apart, the whole place was just kind of sad.
very upset leaving the Dining Car Sat.night.    Order breakfast at night. Not Smart. The sausage was soooooo hard on the ends and the potota pancakes were definetly NOT just made. Told the manager, who really should take a course in people pleasing and customer service, and she tried to argue and then was just plain rude and didn't answer back. This diner doesn't believe THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT!
I live around the corner fron this place, & really the only thing that I would come in here for is the cream chipped beef for breakfast (the beef is home made, & tastes it!!). It's very good, but the portions are small (I don't mind paying, as long as I don't leave hungry, which happens here!!), & this place is not cheap or even moderately priced. They are expensive (how do you think they pay for those commercials, folks?), & you better bring cash, as they don't take a credit card. Again, don't believe the hype!!
Best diner around and they have the best GF bread. Here you can expect to try something unique from their specials menu while counting on the traditional diner options as well. The service is great and you're coffee cup stays full! 

Cash only, ATM on premises 
Open all the time! 

My favorite so far was the Caprese omelette from the specials menu. The Mozzerella was that really thick white fresh mozzerella :) mmm and the basil really added a nice round sophisticated element. 

If you get there early enough try the grits, delish!!! Not sure if these are GF, but the potato pancakes are amazing!! I had them once but def double check.
Amazing how this hollowed icon has slipped. Slow service and terrible food (this time). 

For a guy who dined here multiple times per week in the past, it's time to go elsewhere.
The last time I went here was two years ago.   The experience was less than great hence the two year hiatus.   Recently, I decided to try again by taking my kids there for lunch/supper.   

What a giant error on my part.

I'm not sure what happened at the Dining Car.  It used to be the "go to" place in the NE for good diner food.  Not so much anymore.  The food was subpar. When we got it, it looked like it had been sitting for a while and the temp was tepid.  Our service was also lacking.  I'd like to blame everything on it being crowded or understaffed, but I can't.  We went on a relatively dead day.  And when I mentioned my dissatisfaction to the girl at the register when I paid, her attitude was essentially "oh ... sorry".  Now picture saying that in the most deadpan voice possible.

I know a lot of people praise the Dining Car for certain things like their Jewish Applecake.  I'll give credit there.  Their baked goods are really good.  Alas, that doesn't make up for the restaurant part.

Once upon a time, the Dining Car was a tiny little boxcar like diner that served phenomenal food.  Not anymore.
Soup was too thick (Creme of Chicken and creme of cauliflower) for our tastes.  Baked chicken overcooked and very dry, bread stuffing taste like it came from a box and not home made.  I guess we were really hungry as we eat most of what was served to us.  Server forgot that we order soup as an extra and did not charge us for it.  If need be, we would return to this restaurant in Northeast Philadelhia but only after our other options would be exhausted.  Does NOT accept credit cards!!!
Hmm, not a huge fan of this place. 
I've gone here a lot in my life and each time the experience is just never what I am expecting. I usually get a super rude server and the bill always seems a bit more than you'd think it would be for food that is not even that great.

In my opinion, there are way better diners in the NE than this one. But, for what ever reason, it gets a lot of hype for being the best.
I've been here before and it's been really good, but this place has seemed to go downhill. I ordered the turkey burger. On the menu it says the turkey burger is served with low fat cheddar cheese. When my meal came the cheese was no where to be found. I also asked for fruit on the side instead of fries. I was told that they don't do fruit. I could only get a vegetable or another type of fry. I thought this was very odd since I was willing to pay any extra for fruit. The turkey burger its self was just fair and was VERY dry. It screamed for katsup. My mom got a turkey sandwich and even with the cranberry sauce the sandwich was bone dry.  Another person in our party ordered and omelet. That was very good and so was the cheesecake. Bottom line: come here for breakfast and dessert only.
Food poisoned and sick for 3 days

We went in for a late night meal around 11pm. The place looked interesting from the outside and we had heard it was a local favourite. 

Inside we discovered the  place was dirty. the waitress took the order and we didn't see her again. I had the turkey club sandwich (which was dry) . I ended up getting food poisoning and was sick for three days.  Never will go here again or recommend anyone else go either
Had  breakfast there father's day. The place has a stale odor. The service was horrible. The coffee tasted like grinds. The potatoes were raw tasting. The only thing i liked was the ham n cheese omelette. The fruit cup i paid extra for looked like canned fruit. Had to look fir waitress several times. They only accept cash which is So inconvenient. I wont be back. Surprised with the crowds. The place needs to be remodeled. It is dirty looking as well. I had to clean off bench before i sat down. Never again.
2 of my favorites French onion soup is the best. And there cheesesteak Royal.
Negatives first,

-The mash potatoes and French fries are NOT homemade!  Doesn't take a chef to spot that.

-No credit cards taken

Positives,

-French onion soup is delicious, non-diner restaurant quality.  Thick layer of cheese on top and all the right flavors.

-Potato pancakes are wonderful.  I got them as a side with my chicken croquettes and they were crispy on the outside but creamy and smooth inside.  I will always get them when I return. 

-Croquettes were tasty.  To me, they didn't live up to the hype of being featured on DD&D, in terms of being special, but they were definitely tasty and simply good.  HOWEVER, the bed of mash that they were laying on, disappointing, very disappointing.  With the right mash, that specialness could come through for me. 

-Prices are in-touch with typical diners.

-24/7 and I will definitely return for late-night grub

-Friendly staff and available parking.

The cash only rule doesn't bother me, there is an ATM on-site, only 4 stars because 5 star restaurants don't serve bagged fries and instant potatoes with good food.
This diner has been featured on diners, drive ins, and dives! 

It's also delicious. I haven't had a bad meal here.  You tend to not expect much from a diner but this place always exceeds expectations.  I've had a couple different things from this neighborhood favorite and everything has been great! 

You can't forget the bakery either that is attached. The baked goods are phenomenal. Everything there is so good. 

It's good for after a night of drinking or early for breakfast, like my mom and I used to do. Great service, friendly staff, never a wait, and incredible food.  Definitely worthy of the 5 stars and the recognition from the tv hit: diners, drive ins, and dives! 

I'll be back sooner rather than later, I'm sure! It's a Gina M. Favorite!!!!
The Dining Car is pretty good. Except for the salad, which was a meager portion and disappointing in flavor (resulting in an automatic star deduction!), we enjoyed everything else. My friend had the roast chicken over rice special.  It was a fairly large plate and came with two side dish vegetables, soup/salad. (Future note: Always get the soup!)  

I had a pepperoni and cheese roll burger, which came with marinara sauce and choice of grilled or raw onions. It was too messy to pick up, as the sauce inundated the roll, but I would definitely order it again. It was only $8. Came with fries, which were average. Came with a shot of cole slaw. 

Everything's freshly prepared. On the particular Saturday night that I visited, the kitchen ran out of a few popular items such as baked mac and the flounder special, and there was a short (15min) wait for a table but service was A+ despite the rush. 

The menu ranged from $8 to $17 for most entree items, $5 for breakfast and $3 average for dessert. Cash only, ATM in bakery (lobby). Be prepared and don't get stuck using their ATM.
Everything was perfect. Great service and delicious hot food. I had the chicken croquette and my wife had an egg dish. Both were delicious. The potato pancakes were also good. They gave us two pieces of very delicious bread.The waitresses did a great job. I highly recommend this joint
Great food can't complain..... only complaint is have is with the underdog milkshake the picture I seen online seemed alot bigger then the one in person also the dog bone in the picture had chocolate icing around it and the one I received did not. The picture is a lie the shake is much different in person and is definitely not worth $6.00 way over priced they should be charging  $3- $4 at the most. Other than that the food is great here everything is really fresh and tasty
Unpopular opinion here, but I dislike The Dining Car. The food is average at best and way too greasy for my liking. The food also bothers my stomach and I prefer other restaurants or even my own cooking to that of The Dining Car's. I do feel like it was once better than it is now but has since gone down hill. Every time I have been there the establishment felt very hectic and was always very loud. You can hear the dishes clanking very loudly in the kitchen. I also witnessed one of the owners berate a waitress in front of their customers on one occasion. That in itself was enough to make me not want to go back. I do like the bakery and it being open 24 hours is convenient but I haven't been back since the incident with the owner.
They only take cash in the bakery ! Seriously ? In 21st century ??? I purchased a little bit of everything in their bakery - cookies , apple pie , Danishes , cupcakes ... Everything was horrible! 
The worst part - the place is filthy !
Awful service. Had a new waitress and boy did she need to try harder. Had to ask for plates to eat our appetizer. Pathetic experience wont be back. Watched five tables...yes FIVE tables sit and eat and leave before we got our food. Also had to send our food back because it was cold and absolutely unappetizing and so bland!
i was there  a few wks ago went there after St Domincs  8400 Frankford Ave   5 o' clock mass. My Friend at First wanted to go to The Liberty  Bell Dinner  when he saw there ice cram and water ice stands but i said i was already there   we had to go to the Dinning Car. We Got there after mass was a  minm. wait mass crowd i had the  chicken rice soecail with two sets of vegs i had stewed tomtoes and  Green beans my friiend had the pep Pizza Burger the food and service were top notch and prices were reasonable and also they have alot of cute Waitress theres who ya could get to know if ya become a regular there at the dinning Car i will always come here over the Liberty Bell Or Mayfair when im in the 19136 zip code and also dinng car has  tremounds Bakery every thing is so yummy looking
There isnt much around this area, but this is one of the better diners because 1 - you can get drunk there 2 - they have their own bakery (but what do I care since I barely eat pastries anyhow) ... what I care about is they have fried mushrooms, and they're not half-bad. They give you a MASSIVE amount though, if I ate them all I'd be sick. Great with a beer, a nice place to chill and have a conversation and a greasy snack.

However, I'm not a big fan of diners and this place is just OK in relation to what's around it. If there were something better around, I'd never go here, and as it is, I rarely do.
I do not see what everyone raves about.  I live 5 minutes away and come here  now and then  Why?  Because the only other options are fast food.  First, the service  generally leaves a lot to be desired.  The waitresses at the counter apparently have a very poor system of determining who will wait on who.  They seem to be under the impression that another waitress is taking care of you and ignore you.  The food is average at best and often lacks seasoning or is very plain.  It is surely not exceptional diner food.  Yes, Diner's Drive-In's and Dives came here a few years back.  To their discredit, the chicken croquettes that they made famous are little more than a slightly upscaled chicken McNugget tossed on a bed of mashed potatoes and smothered in bland gravy.  I'm convinced they only ended up doing a show here because they were on their way down I-95, took the Academy exit and saw that it was either a fast food joint or this place.
Love this place!!! They serve good ole SCRAPPLE!!! 
They're open 24/7 , service is great and oh did I mention the food is oh so delicious ...... on my last visit, I craved for pancakes  and was very, very satisfied! Couldn't finish my food, but I left extremely full and happy .....one more bit of information, they have they own baked goods!!! Let me just say, the Jewish Apple  cake is to die for!!!
This used to be a great " greasy spoon " but now it is average at best. Their offerings suffer from not being cooked enough. The waittresses are quite nice and I feel sorry for them because they are the front line when a order is bad and have heard customers went off. Even their coffee is bad. I do not know what caused this rapid decline but we are done coming in here.
The Dining Car is my local diner, and I'm pretty attached to it.  I've been going there for as long as I can remember.  It's on Frankford Ave., just south of the I-95 Academy Road exit.  It's pretty big for a diner, and I always manage to get seated really quickly, even when there's a line (which there always is on Sunday mornings).  The waitresses are almost always friendly, and the food is pretty consistent.  It's not the best food I've ever eaten, but it's good for diner food.

I think their lunch food is better than dinner, so I usually only go for lunch.  I'm a big fan of their chicken cheese steak and turkey burger.

They don't take credit cards, as fas as I know, but they do have an ATM in the entryway, so you can withdraw cash if you need to.

What puts this place in the 4-star category instead of the 3 is not the food so much as the bakery attached to the diner.  Their bakery makes some amazing desserts, from butter cakes to cookies.  Yummy.  The best part is that you can order the same dessert from the menu if you go there to eat and don't want to buy an entire cake or pie.  Their peach pie is really good if you are there for a meal.  Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.  I think this is one of the better diners in Philly.
As good as a Philly diner gets.  

The pros:  food is imaginative, plentiful, fresh
The cons: food is on the heavier side, no credit cards accepted

Verdict:  too bad, I did not find this place 10 years ago
Call me old-fashioned, but I like my diners to have cakes on covered stands, shiny vinyl booths and waitresses who call me hon. Add to that a dessert list that goes on for miles and a menu that clogs your arteries the minute you read it and you have The Dining Car - and one helluva diner. You won't get 5 star cuisine here, but you will get serious comfort food and breakfast all day.  Down home offerings like the peanut butter and banana layered Fat Elvis cake round out what is undeniably a quintessential diner experience. Just be sure to bring your cash, as they don't take credit cards.
I should preface by saying that I and my wife pretty much come here on a weekly basis. It is our Sunday ritual. And there is one reason for that... THE FOOD. 

Of all the Northeast Philly diners, the Dining Car has the most consistently excellent food. It truly is the SAME every time that you come. The menu is a tad more limited than some of the other diner menus, but I think that's because they do what they do and they do it well. They don't want to add a bunch of fringe crap that they aren't experts in. Their food is overwhelmingly why the public beats down their doors every weekend. 

Some disclaimers... They have a line system to get in. You enter the foyer and there is a line you must wait in to get into the diner itself and to the hostess... You do not put your name in. Also, this diner is cash only. They do have an ATM in the foyer.  

As for negatives... Service can be hit or miss and depends heavily on the server. There are 3 or 4 excellent servers, the rest can be on the slow and "forgetful" side. The kitchen wait can sometimes be lengthy, but I don't want to kill them for this because a) it is usually very busy when we go, and b) the food rocks, so they can take a few extra minutes.

All in all, the food is worth the trip to the Dining Car.
My wife and I love it here. The food is great the staff is wonderful. If you want a great diner experience come to The Dining Car. Don't be scared off if there is a line, even the longest line is 5-10 minutes. We have been coming here frequently for years and highly recommend. They are open 24 hours and have a great bakery. Try the Jewish Apple Cake also if you get the chance.
The Dining Car is going the way of most diners in Philly, downhill.  The food quality is low to average, and portion sizes have been getting smaller over the last 2 years. 

My last visit will be my final, due to not the average food, but the terrible service. Our waitress seemed annoyed that we were seated at her station and after taking  our orders, ignored us to sit with her friends in the booth next to us. I had to wave my arms rudely to get her attention for a simple coffee refill. After that she promptly plopped her butt right back in the booth with the NE Philly Hoodie Patrol. 

I have been a longtime patron, but eating at the Dining Car has become unenjoyable. Average food, bad service, and still cash only! Wake up, it's 2015.

I'll just add it to my list of places a visit from Guy Fieri has ruined.
They say (whoever "they" are), "No use crying over spilled milk."  But they never said ya can't WRITE about it :-)

So on this , my second visit to The Dining Car, I sat at the counter. I happened to sit directly across from the milk station where a large steel milk dispenser was situated. And situated under the milk dispenser was a glass with a little milk left on the bottom. Next to the glass were a few puddles of milk and on the other side of the glass was a slice of lemon.  And all of this mess was sitting there when i sat down,  when I ordered, while waiting for my food, while I ate and when I got up to pay the check and I'm willing to bet after I left, too. During my entire lunch, food servers, managers, busboys and trainees walked right by this mess and not one stopped to clean that  area.  If this was a hotter day, it would have smelled pretty rancid in there.

The lunch "special" was nothing special, Hey it's a diner. I guess they were on their best behavior for Guy Fieri, but some things have definitely gone downhill since his visit.  I ordered the 1/4 chicken lunch. It was pretty tasteless except for the salt and pepper I added to it myself.

On a previous trip I ordered from the healthy section of the menu - a turkey sandwich w/ spinach and cranberries. That had a bit more promise but again, it suffered a better review because the turkey was on the dry side.  I probably won't go back anytime soon, except perhaps to try their buttercake. I was going to purchase one to take home, as they have a bakery on the premises.  Wouldn't you know it...?  They had run out of the one thing I probably would have enjoyed.
The cream cheese omelette is everything. It's a good change from regular cheese.  I had coffee over the a Bloody Mary.  Next time will try the Bloody Mary!!
Never again! Went for breakfast one morning, wasnt too crowded, so we were seated right away.  Waitress came over shortly after we were seated and took our order, brought us coffee, and that was the last we saw of her.  45 minutes later, we were still waiting for breakfast, coffee cups and water glasses empty.  Finally, a food runner (or another waitress) came with our food, which by that point, we didnt even want, I just wanted out of there.  Needless to say, we ate cold food and didnt have anything to wash it down with.  Finally, our waitress ran by, mumbled sorry, and dropped the check.  I'm a little mad at myself for not saying something right then and there at how horrible the service was.. I just dont like to cause a scene.  Needless to say, I'll never be back.
Stopped going here a long time ago when they charged us for our food before it even came. And they even added a tip. I was a regular at the time and that really made me angry.

So my friend tells me she been there recently and that policy is gone.

I went back with her when we wanted dinner after a movie. I quickly remembered why I used to go here all the time. Great food, friendly service, friendly customers, clean and overall a good place to hang out and eat with family and friends.

Unfortunately, I don't live in NE Philly anymore, so I won't be able to go as much as I did back in the day.

As someone with handicaps needing a walker, I would like a couple more handicap parking spots. People are helpful with getting in and out of the place and there are plenty of tables with chairs, so accessibility is good.  And from when we went, there were older people with issues like me in there. Everyone was comfy.
Yuck!!! Only go here if McDonald's is closed! I realize this is a diner so I had very low expectations going in. The menu and flatware were sticky. I ordered an unsweetened iced tea which was obviously not freshly brewed as it had a "mix" flavor and tasted slightly carbonated. I played my meal safe and ordered a patty melt (medium) - the burger was cooked okay - medium well as opposed to how I ordered but definitely good. I got the "deluxe" which included fries - where were served cold - and cole slaw "souffle" - I had no idea either...it was quite literally a tablespoon of coleslaw in a paper condiment cup. Lastly, they don't take plastic "in order to keep costs low but offer an ATM in the lobby" - I think they keep costs low by not using anything to warm the food and cutting down on any passable serving size.
The dining car has been one of my favorite restaurants in the Northeast for years. I'm so happy they reconsidered their original decision to no longer be a 24/7 diner, but rather just 24/7 on the weekends. The burgers are real beef, but don't expect them to cook it rare even if you ask them. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because no matter how many times I've been there, they never cook the burger as requested. If you're going to cook the burger well done, that's fine, but don't ask "how do you want your burger cooked" when taking an order. Just don't bother. Other than that, I've never had anything bad at the Dining Car. All of their dessert they make in their bakery, so you know they're legit.
Excellent place for breakfast food, will always come here for that.  Be prepared for long lines on the weekends during prime hours.  FYI, they serve their own bakery bages, so these are not the hard, chewy kind, but more soft and bread-like.

Hit or miss for lunch/dinner food.  Some things we've tried:  Chicken croquettes were good: simple with very little seasoning.  Fried liver was chewy, due to being improperly cooked.  Broiled flounder fillets were served plain - no butter or seasoning.  Crab imperial special was burned on the edges and had more cream sauce and filler than crab.
Clean, friendly, all smiles! Kitchen manager (Sean?) came out when we had an issue and was very friendly and cared about what we were saying. Even when busy, they seemed on top of things!!!
Expensive for a diner. The stuffed mushrooms are great,  people tell me the french onion soup is good, but it is way too salty for me. Over all they are over priced and with so many other competitors they really need to step it up. Went there late night with 8 people and the food came out cold. Don't take anyone here if you want to impress them.
I've been to the Dining Car three times now in the late hours and have tried three separate meals.  Had the famous pepperoni bread burger, my staple Western omelet and on a recent visit the famous Chicken Croquettes.

The food has alot of potential to separate itself from other diners, but whoever is behind the griddle in the early AM hours is really providing a dis-service.  On my recent visit, the Chicken Croquettes themselves were outstanding and maybe the best I've ever had, but they were sitting on top a pile of cold mashed potatoes, with cold gravy and after a few bites also not really warmed up correctly.  A side of French Fries (are these really hard to screw up?) were obviously cooked about 2-3 hours before I even walked in the door.  Ugg.

The service is really, really, really S L O W W W here also.  After waiting 5 minutes to get my first cup of coffee, I had to wait another 10 to get a re-fill.  Don't people know how critical it is to never have to wait for a coffee refill.

So Dining Car...please get the basics right.  Better kitchen delivery and better service, and you'll have earned your right to be a notch above a run of the mill diner.  I still think you're catching up.
This remains one of the best diners in Philadelphia for a host of reasons:

1.  It's not owned by "Michael" that has bought up so many other diners and changed them (in some cases to a sickening degree, and in many cases eliminating home-made food items once made by earlier owners at those diners).  Dining Car is unique.

2.  Dining Car clearly communicates to customers its desire to be creative with food.  Brunches are commonly promoted for Sundays with interesting specials.  Seasonal items are frequently rotated through, leading to some surprising finds on the menu from time-to-time.

3.  The service is almost always friendly and usually efficient.  I have never felt rushed out even at busiest times.

4.  Items such as chipped beef are better than everywhere else (they hand cut the beef and they also do a great job putting it over excellent home fries with onions rather than toast if you prefer).  Cream cheese omelet is amazing and no one else has it on the menu (I have ordered it at other diners and have been told "Oh that's a good idea - we should put that on the menu").  And other items like "white meatloat" are excellent, as are desserts such as apple walnut pie and French apple pie.

5.  Coffe is good: not too weak, not too strong, and refilled usually quickly.  Same goes for refilling water.

6.  Diner is justly proud of it's long-standing reputation with customers and for its consistently good food.

Only a few suggestions...

**It's time to fully renovate the bathrooms.  They're clean, but ugly.
**While one understands the rationale behind not taking credit cards; it would be nice to be able to use a credit card there.
**Mashed potatoes are so popular and often paired with your best entrees, so Dining Car, make real ones please.  So much of the food is clearly fresh and homemade...why not the mashed?
***IMPORTANTLY...while Philadelphia is a northern city, it's southern side comes out with how many people drink iced tea daily. Dining Car shamefully serves instant/concentrated iced tea, instead of fresh brewing it.  No diner in Philly can afford to blow two things: club sandwiches and iced tea.  Dining car blows it at the latter.

But overall, a great place to eat and chat with friends - highly recommended.
I never really stopped here before. It's a little out of the way for me, but for the prices, it is so worth it! It's open 24 hours, so you can grab anything from breakfast to an entree at midnight. The service is quick (I was there around midnight on a Thursday). I tried a bit of the Purple Cow Milkshake. It is so unique and it's a great mixture of flavors!

I had the French Toast. It was so good, and I had a great sized helping. Totally worth it!
ok...before you read my review...you should know...this place DOES NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS! there is an atm on the premises...and yes, there are signs saying they don't accept credit cards in the doors. ok now onto my review:

the Dining Car has been a favorite of my family since they opened. So I come here every other month just because they rock. I have never had a bad meal from here in my whole 27yrs of life. I'm not a picky eater, but I have certain meals i'll have over anything else. like French onion soup and salad, or a burger....simple stuff. I've had their chicken croquettes before they were ever featured on diners, drive-ins and dives...they are amazing. Came here one Christmas and they had turkey and ham....I had the ham....it was in a rich pineapple sauce and absolutely the best ham ever. 

Its a diner, so people go in not expecting much, but trust me....you should expect a great meal and to be fully satisfied food wise and price wise.  

They do get crowded, but the lines move along quickly. AND DONT FORGET TO GO TO THEIR BAKERY! I get my daughter's cakes here every year....simply amazing!
What a fantastic diner! This is definitely one of my favorites in the Philly/south Jersey area.
Ok so as far as diners go this one definitely hold its own. I've been to diners in the rest of the country and it's been a pretty grim experience. Greasy spoons are exactly that sometimes.  Now I may be partial cause this is the place we went after Sunday mass and after things like my communion, confirmation etc... I remember sitting in mass at St. Katherine's thinking about what I was going to order for breakfast. Their French toast was always my favorite but the omelets and home fries kick some serious diner butt too. The dining car was recently featured on Diners Drive ins and Dives. They featured the chicken croquettes which I am NOT a fan of. They are very bland and the chicken is way too pulverized for my liking. The cream chipped beef is very good and the French onion soup is one of the best even beyond diner standards. Now if I were going to get ANYTHING from here it would have to be the turkey club. The turkey they use is not the slimy lunch meat but it's actual turkey. Always on white toast with mayo on the side... Yum. The dining car does everything from cheesesteaks to chicken or veal parm. I can't tell you how the veal is but the chicken is actually very good.  Ie heard the stuffed mushrooms are a nice treat before a meal. Oh, their prices? You cannot beat this places prices. It can sometimes be a wait with their massive weekend crowds. During the week for breakfast or dinner you will usually just find the regulars sitting at the counter, a group from the local AA clubhouse and some other randoms characters. Another great thing about the dining car is that it Never closes! I mean ever... If you are in the area and it's morning noon or night or late late night for that matter and you want a cocktail,dinner,salad,breakfast,lunch, sandwiches this is your place. They boast a full bar and the bakery which is attached makes all their own baked goods. Everything from Elmo cupcakes to elaborate bakery favorites. Check out the dining car, is worth the trip.
The people who work here are so rude. My husband and I ordered our hash browns well done. They came back basically raw...and a half hour later. When we asked the as waitress to cook them longer, she refused. Said the cooks were "too busy." what's the point of going out to eat if your food isnt prepared the way you like it?
The manager came over, and when we told her what had happened she didn't even apologize or fix the order.just said "ill only take the hash browns off your check." noooo...we wanted our food correctly. Did i mention it was even crowded? I later found out shes the owner. What a self righteous bimbo! Your diner sucks lady. Go to the four seasons. Skip this shit-hole.
After seeing the Chicken Croquettes on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives (on The Food Network), I knew this place was a must see on my Philadelphia trip last spring.  I was not disappointed!

I came here late, straight from the airport as soon as I landed, so the place was not very busy.  It was a good sized place.  Lot's of seating. I got a booth, and a very friendly waitress set me up with a menu and a tall glass of milk.  But I already knew I wanted the Chicken Croquettes.

The Croquettes came as a dinner with some options, so I had a cup of chicken soup and mashed potatoes. The soup was very good.  Big chunks of chicken with lots of pasta (orecchiette).  Also some corn (or something ... I don't remember).  But the croquettes were awesome (see pictures).  Packed with flavor and a nice fried crust.  Creamy on the inside with plenty of herbs and minced chicken.  The dinner came with two cone shaped croquettes with mashed potatoes and chicken gravy.  Awesome!  Exactly what I had imagined when I saw it on The Food Network.  I would go back for these in a second!
We have breakfast here once or twice a month, the food is always so good and service is usually great. Sometimes you will wait for a table on a weekend morning but it's worth it! They also have a very good bakery. Cash only they have a atm but there is a surcharge and occasionally it will be o.o.s.
we were in philly visiting swarthmore college since our daughter is a prospective student so we decided to drive the 28 miles from college to the dining car and
market since we had seen it on the food network recently.boy are we glad we did!!!as you enter you can feel the homey atmosphere never mind awesome aroma of the desserts they sell to go.the service was excellent and waitress very polite and cheerful;the cream of chicken soup was tasty and delicious and the roast chicken melted right off bone;my wife and daughter had the roast turkey which was excellent as was gravy and stuffing.we topped things off with the aromaticly delicious jewish apple cake and chocolate mousse cake lots of calories but both well worth it!!!also when bread was served had cinnamon baked into the bread was very tasty.all in all the dining car was as good as advertised and well worth trip to philly for within itself!!!!!
The past weekend, I had the unfortunate experience of going to The Dining Car. Overall I was displeased with the service and quality of food. I made sure to take pictures of the hash browns which were more like boiled potato slices because there was very little browning/frying and they were mushy. I have been to The Dining Car before and had a much better experience. That is why I am so upset and motivated to write a review. My first experience was with my college best friend who came to Philadelphia to visit. We were seated promptly, satisfactory service and good food. My second experience I was with a black man. The service was appalling! The waitress (Renate) acted as though she was scared to even give us eating utensils. Instead of placing them in front of us, she threw them down across from us. We were served food after several parties that arrived after us. Ms. Renate, did not ask how the food was, and only came back to give us the check. We had to ask another waitress for water. Microaggression? Misunderstood? I am not sure the reason for such poor service. However, if this is a whites only establishment, there should be a sign posted.
I drove past this place a few times a week for a year, and one day we decided it was something to try. 

Good things first: the cake was amazing. We had a white cake and a chocolate cake, both with strawberries. The white cake was light, sweet, delicate and moist. The chocolate cake was rich and very sweet, but the sweetness complimented the strawberries. All the strawberries were very fresh and ripe. The waiter we had was very attentive, very nice, and was great with our 3 year old. 

But: the hostess was a bit short with us. We mentioned we had a little one with us and wanted to seat us in chairs near the door. We asked for a booth and that seemed to frustrate her. She stuck us behind the server station so we got to have butts in our face during most of our meal. There was a lot of, "Excuse me," and, "Sorry," being said between us and the staff. 

Everything we got was great except the pizza rolls. They were really doughy, maybe underdone. The sauce was pretty good, though. 

In all, this was a great place to eat.

Edit:
Went back, service was way better. All the food was amazing. We all especially loved the fried mushrooms and sauce. I got a turkey BLT club, and the turkey was perfect.

The cash-only thing is still kind of annoying.
Probably my favorite diner ever! French Onion soup is to die for!!! Servers are always friendly even when you and your friends are being loud and annoying after a night out.
The usual good food and service with a smile. 
I had the Pizza Burger.., which was done just right.
We were seated quickly, a plus because the restaurant was packed, but service was a bit slow. I ordered an omelette that was a real disappointment. The eggs were rubbery and tasteless, the cheese inside wasn't melted, and the sliced tomatoes on top had a weird soapy dishwater taste to them that was kind of vile. The latkes were delicious (and served with sour cream!!) though. Everyone else (people ordered eggs, French toast, and another omelette) thought the food was OK, though I wasn't too impressed by the look of the homefries.

In short: overpriced for what you get.

Good things: the waitresses, though frazzled, were really nice, and we were able to sit for a bit after our meal was finished without anyone hurrying out, the bakery looked delicious, and the coffee was refilled often.
I really enjoy the Dining Car! I recommend the patty melt, turkey fontina cheeseburger, & Reuben. Service is fast and they're open 24 hours. Note it is cash only. I have only been here a few times so far, but each experience has been great. My sister loved the pepperoni bread and I know the croquettes are highly recommended. Stop by!
My boyfriend and I stopped in tonight for a late night meal.  We arrived at 11:47pm only to be approached by a man grabbing menus.  Not once did he greet us with a hello, not even a smile.  NOTHING!  I thought ok well, maybe the hostess briefly stepped away and he's doing someone else's job that he shouldn't be doing.  My boyfriend said it's late, maybe he's tired.  After all it was nearing midnight.  He told us to follow him to our table.  A whole 10 minutes pass before our waitress even comes over with menus.  Seconds later she comes back with 2 cups of water and asks if we're ready to order.  Not even having had the menus in our hands for more than 5 minutes, we ask if we could have a few minutes to decide.  10 minutes lapsed, and she still has not come back to ask if we're ready to order.  Quickly surveying the room, I realized that she was the only waitress working maybe 7 or 8 tables.  We figured we'll be nice, it's not her fault she's the only one working (maybe there had been a call out).  We finally get to order about 20 minutes into being seated.  I ordered the beef veal dinner which comes with a soup or salad, and he had the turkey burger.  It was now 12:30am, and I hadn't even gotten my soup to start.  We realized the 4 tables that were seated before us had already been served.  Again, we let it go.  My soup got to the table around 12:35, and it was finished in less than 5 minutes, as we both shared it.  The waitress approached our table at 12:41 to tell us that she was sorry and that they ran out of turkey burgers.  It took everything in me to contain myself.  1. Not to curse her out and 2. not to be rude and to control my facial expressions.  You mean to tell me if took her a whole EFF'ing hour to tell us that our food hadn't even made its way onto the grill yet??!!  She then offered the menu again for other options.  It was then that someone came from inside the kitchen and gestured for her to come back.  After quickly speaking to him, she said, "I'm so sorry, I just got word that we do have it.  Someone must have put it in the wrong spot."  At this point, we agreed to keep the turkey burger.  We contemplated leaving a few times as all of this was happening but knew nothing else was open this time of night and were already starving from the long wait.  By that time I already knew my food was going to be cold, because it was probably sitting there as they rummaged for the turkey patty.  The food finally got to our table at 1:05 and, lo and behold, my food was cold and looked like it had been hurriedly slopped onto a plate.  My boyfriend's turkey burger looked presentable but tasted like cardboard and was freezer burned.  I knew something was wrong when he couldn't finish his burger, and he NEVER lets ANY food go to waste.  I just knew it had to be awful as he is the most simple and least finicky eater.  I was thinking surely they'd comp his part of the meal as the waitress acknowledged their screw-up more than once by apologizing.  Of course not.  What did she do instead?  She offered us a piece of pie "on the house".  My first thought was, did that just seriously come out of her mouth?!?  You have got to be kidding me, right?  There was no way in hell I could bear being in that diner another minute let alone spend more time there eating pie.  They were lucky we even paid for the garbage they call food.  
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.  I'd choose McDonald's over this sh***y establishment any day.  NEVER AGAIN!
Pretty good food and mostly great service.  One draw back is the staff smoking area is just outside the dining room and it seems most employees smoke and I have only witnessed 1 waitress go to the bathroom to hopefully wash her hands.  Most smokers I know are dirtballs who dont wash their hands so I get a little annoyed with smoking restaurant workers.
If you love your food as much as I do....just look at my reviews...nuff said!

This place is a ABSOLUTE DO NOT MISS! The Fried Mushrooms and French Onion Soup are simply to die for and an excellent way to start a meal off here. You can't go wrong any way you go here as all the food is amazing....an thats an understatement.
I've been here more times than I can count and typically order the same few things. The ham and cheese omelet/hashbrowns is a pretty good breakfast option, and the BLT is nothing special but I seem to order it over and over. The cinnamon buns that they bring out before your meal might be better than anything else here I've ever had, and the Jewish Apple Cake is probably the second best.
I have been going to the dining car since I was little. You can always get a good meal here.  The baked goods are also great.  I got my son's cross cake for his First communion here and it was delicious. Some of my favorites. Chicken croquettes, French onion soup, roast beef club, chicken cheesesteak, patty melt, fries mushrooms, chicken cheesesteaks, French toast, cream beef on toast, apple walnut pie, angel food muffins.  Ashley is a great waitress.
My visit was in the late hours 2am+ The resturant was nearly empty and service still was slow and refills even slower. We were a table from the soda dispenser and it was hard to not get up when u see the waitress chatting and we r thirsty  but I remained civil. 
 So, I started with the French onion soup. Not the best but not bad either (Outback soup was way better). The cheese was very thick and gooey near the end I gave up trying to eat anymore. But the flavor and onions were good. Next were the fried mushrooms. One word....GROSS!!!! The thing that I didn't enjoy was when u popped them in your mouth u experienced an explosion of  nasty mushroom juice. The mushrooms were flavorless too except for the breading. I also burned my mouth on the first one so be careful if u do order these. My cousin ordered the pizza bread and it literally was worse than what comes out of a frozen box. Even salt didn't help this poor appetizer. They were out of the chicken croquettes sadly.... So I ordered a bannna split for my main entree. Only because this desert was pleasurable did i go up a star....otherwise I say don't go late at night when food and service is low quality.
What can you say about Northeast Philly diners, other than they are consistent!! They have menus that look like books, but you need to know what to order.  Don't go with some specialty item unless you see people eating it.  

Staples at any Northeast 24/7 diner:
Breakfast (Anything)
French Onion Soup
Cheese Steaks
Coffee
Bakery
Cream Chipped Beef

Anything else is anyone's guess.
This place has gotten progressively worse over the years. Everything is just so bland. The last time I went with my wife, and 3 kids I was so disappointed. I bit into a roll from our basket, and there was a spent cherry from a cigarette stuck to the side that I didn't see. I bit into it, and my whole mouth tasted like an actual ashtray. I got salmon croquettes. They were on top of what seemed to be boxed mashed potatoes, covered in a flavorless white sauce, and they were accompanied by a small bowl of canned green beans. It doesn't seem like they try anymore. Bland, bland, bland. They put a carrot slice, and a piece of kale on every plate that comes out. Why don't you use that money from the garnish which gets thrown in the trash to invest in salt, pepper, dill, parsley, paprika, thyme... ANYTHING. Breakfast is all they are good for anymore. Now they are changing their hours, and closing overnight. Unfortunately I think this place is circling the drain. It's sad. The owners seem like nice people. It will also be terrible to have ANOTHER abandoned building on Frankford Ave. if they do close their doors for good. USed to be such a treat to go there.
Went here for dinner this past Friday night. They wee very busy as usual.  However, our server was in training, and her trainer probably could use a retrain as well. The service was incredibly slow, and had to ask for things multiple times when there should not even had been an initial request. They also have no problem now charging every customer 50 cents for a refill of their beverage. We did make it known we were dissatisfied, and they offered an apology. Nothing more and nothing less.
I have to start be saying I'm a Philly native and diner junkie I'm not easily swayed but I must say the service was great. I like the cozy family vibe, perfect for Sunday brunch. The noise level was average for a diner in philly on a Sunday. I sat in a booth for a double brunch date. I had chicken croquettes and mash with gravy. The croquettes were crispy on the outside and decadent in the inside, perfect textured gravy gave it all the right ingredients for a fantastic comfort meal. It was delicious. I also had the cream of chicken soup so I was fully clucked out. I will definitely be coming back for the cream chipped beef and philly favorites; scrapple.
I've heard about this place and so excited to try it. Our server was clueless. Took our order; but kept coming back to ask us questions clarifying questions about it. We were there an hour by the time our food came out. 2 tuna melts and a BLT. No reason to take tgat long. Server asked if I wanted tomato. I said No, came out with it anyway. My mom ordered sandwich brought out club. I didn't want a new one because God only knows how long I'd be waiting. Table next to ours had a different server, and their food was out within 10 minutes. One being some type of melt. She sent the manager over who wasn't not very apologetic, just they'd take my sandwich off the Bill, but since it's not actually on the menu, the server didn't know it came with tomato. Then why did she ask? Also told they were busy. Plenty of empty tables around us. Im guessing thw server was new or something, didnt catch her name.My first time there and very unimpressed and disappointed. Glad I don't live closer.
We came here after reviewing Guy Fieri's episode on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  Despite the hype, this is just a normal diner.  Although gigantic, the specialty French onion soup was average.  The chicken croquettes were some type of cross between chicken kieve, chicken cordon bleu and chicken pot pie.  The apple walnut pie had some type of cream filling that was tastey, but needed some caramel and a pinch of salt.  Service was average.  Ok for a late night snack if you are in the area, but nothing to write home about.  Seriously questioning Guy's selection on this one.
Our waitress is a amazing. Very sweet and listens to her customers.   The food comes out fresh and hot. And they are always on top of things and their customers needs and wants.
My favorite local cheesesteak joint just around the corner from my favorite grandmother's house.  And no, it's not a Philly cheesesteak or a steak & cheese, ya damn rebels.  The chicken croquettes are pretty awesome too and I never would've tried them if my boyfriend hadn't seen them on TV.
This place is hit or miss.  I have been here for breakfast and dinner a few times and each time was a different experience.  The food is not consistent (sometimes good, sometimes bad). And worst of all they don't accept credit cards! I know go figure in this day and age.  The food I would give 2 stars but I added a star because the staff has always been friendly and the bakery actually has really good pies.
This diner is A-OK in my book. The menu is filled with slightly above average, slightly more imaginative diner fare. My fiance ordered the chicken croquettes, a favorite dish of his, as enticed by Guy Fieri. The meaty cones came on a bed of mash potatoes with gravy smothered overtop and accompanied by a soup, fresh baked dinner roll, and 2 sides of your choice. He was very happy with the croquettes and said he would happily order them again.

I ordered the cream chipped beef, a favorite dish of mine, and was very pleased with it as well. The meat was abundant and smokey and it's sauce was creamy and rich. Served over toast and I subbed potato pancakes for home fries. I could not have been happier with my decision. The potato pancakes were AMAZING. Crispy on the outside, soft and kind of dense on the inside. YUM!

The service is great! Everyone was SO kind, no complaints there. 

All in all, this is a fine diner, but is not really worth going out of your way for. If I lived in the northeast, I could see myself dining here regularly but it just wasn't enough to bring me back unless I was in the area again.
Might I dare say this is the best diner inside the Philadelphia border? That's not a hard feat, but I'll tell you it's definitely the best in the Northeast. 

First off, their pies. Holy crap, their pies. Their lemon meringue is huge and wondrous, and their pecan pie is perfectly sweet and sticky. Their other pies are good too, but I stick to my favorites, and am never disappointed. 

Plus, I've never had a dish I didn't like. Never. Now that I've been going here for about ten years off and on, that's a pretty amazing feat. Others have mentioned them but I'll say it again- get the croquettes. They are amazing. I usually hate similar dishes but here they are great. They are great for being a diner, and I'm glad they fill their niche nicely.
One of my most favorite spots to visit. Everyone is super friendly and the food is always good. My favorite is the french onion soup. I have yet to have it better anywhere else.
Served just above cold The Dinning car found a way to present French Onoin Soup only warm and their signature croquettes cold over what seemed to be instant mashed. Not what it used to be the bakery maybe the best thing left in this now threadbare establishment. My last few visits are a disappointment.
I do indeed enjoy certain aspects of the Dining Car - however I must give the pros and cons. 

PROS: 

1) Absolutely the most delicious chocolate chip pancakes I've ever had. I would not suggest them if you don't like huge amounts of chocolate chips. I've been told by numerous waiters/waitresses to order the short stack because no one can finish all three due to the chocolate. Being the stubborn woman that I am, I always order three and leave at least one or one and a half on my plate, hahaha :) 

2) Even on busy weekends, they seat you fast. This place definitely draws a crowd at all hours of the day and night. All ages can be found here. 

3) I'd say that 90% of the wait staff has been friendly and speedy in my visits. 

4) For drinkers, there is a bar which I personally would never have thought this place would have a bar. 

5) No problem finding parking 

6) I don't know what everyone else is smokin', but I find the prices to be insanely cheap (and I'm not complaining!) 


CONS: 

1) The bakery: YUCK!!!!! I have quite a sweet tooth, so whenever I go out to eat, I must try the dessert. The bakery holds a wide variety of cupcakes, cakes, pies, bagels, etc. that LOOK yummy but are far from it. I once bought an eclair that was literally rock hard and could have broken my tooth or someone's car window. I tried a cupcake on another visit, same problem. As tough as it is to pass up dessert, you're doing yourself a favor with this one. 

2) Not the cleanest diner in the world, but then again, it is a diner so you can't expect five star quality. 

3) Not a huge fan of their other food choices expect breakfast items, I've just never been pleased with any of it. 


***Shout out to our favorite waitress Jane who works overnight and hooks us up with extras! 


Everyone should try this diner at least once... I bet you'll come back for at least seconds! 


PS: A lot of Philly sports fans come here after games due to the location on Frankford ave being so close to many area bars.
I really wanted to like it. So bad, probably the worst diner I have ever been to. Server couldn't follow a  basic order, food came out wrong and was ice cold,  had no taste whatsoever.  You would think at least the French fries would be good, wrong. No salt and too cold for any to stick. Even the diet coke was flat. Awful
Not a big fan of this diner, I tried the chicken croquets which is known as one of their best dishes and did not find anything special about it.
