Stopped in here for lunch yesterday after wanting to try for a while.

Breakfast menu looked great, but I opted for a fried chicken style sandwich. Portion sizes were enormous and there were loads of options.

The atmosphere in here is a cute updated diner, not too far off from the Atlantic, but updated with 1950s dinettes and benches. 

Seating is limited, so grab a seat while you peruse the menu!
I'm sooooo happy this is here! A fantastic location right on the corner of the park. There's a counter inside with lots of baked goods on it, so you can grab an iced coffee or tea and go for a walk in the park, or there's seating as well.
 
I went here for a mid-week brunch and tried the biscuits and gravy, which were fantastic. I also had a hibiscus tea and a chocolate croissant to round it off. Everything is vegan and good!

I'm so excited they're open! They do take cards, so no worries there, and the staff are really nice and kind. Looking forward to frequenting The Tasty!
I am IN LOVE with this place. I'm not exclusively vegan but I'm pretty flexible and have a few intolerances so it's nice to have the option. You can sit down but you can tell management thought about how to keep overhead low to keep prices down, so you have to bus your own table and you pick up your food from the kitchen yourself in addition to seating yourself. I kinda like it but I can see where people might take advantage. The chicken and waffles was awesome, the breakfast tacos were super delicious, and the cold brew was real cold brew and not iced coffee! And getting oat milk at the fixings station? Holy crap, this should be industry standard.

I can see why this place gets so crowded and I can't believe it's taken me so long to get here.
The Tasty is a small local neighborhood diner with vegan options.  Did I mention small!  Also the staff was not that friendly.  After receiving my order, not once did someone ask me how my food was!  Also I noticed a sign asking everyone to bus their own tables!  Wow... talk about lazy!  The food was okay, not anything special.  The prices seemed a little high for the quality and portions of food.  I'm most likely will not be returning!
If you are vegan and craving simple diner style food, you will love The Tasty. The ambiance here is laid back old school diner, and the menu includes many classic favorites like pancakes, French toast, waffles, etc as well as a variety of lunch entrees and sandwiches. Prices are reasonable, and service is very friendly and fast.

I tried the waffle with fruit and whipped cream, which was delicious. Buttery and fluffy, with sweet fresh berries. The sides of tofu scramble and home fries were also very flavorful and satisfying, but a bit too salty and oily for my taste. Canola oil aftertaste. Portions are generous. This is vegan food for vegans-the menu is a bit stuck in the 90's. I feel The Tasty should improve upon the variety of their menu and utilize a higher quality of vegan meat substitutes. It is 2016, after all. Definitely worth a visit if you are in Philadelphia.
The Tasty is located in South Philly on the corner of 12th street and Reed. This place is so cute and cozy on the inside. Everything is self serve since this place gets super crowded and there are only 3 workers. Before sitting down you have to order at the counter. There is limited space for people to sit so a sign pretty much tells you to get up once you're done so other people can sit and enjoy. 

 You buss your own tables and get your own sauces, silverware, drinks etc. I honestly don't mind the self serving concept because when you need something you don't have to wait on your server you just go get it. Tasty has two different bar/islands to sit at along with maybe 6 tables. Bathroom in the back and an open kitchen so you can watch your food being made. 

 I've never had a problem with the food or drinks here ever, I really did enjoy everything I ordered and always willing to try something different when I do come here. Tofu scramble is awesome, I do recommend getting it without the "bacon" unless you like coconut give it a try. Vegan omelette is also super good but doesn't necessarily resemble an omelette. Deluxe burrito is to die for I highly suggest this dish. 

 Only reason i'm giving this place 4 stars is because of the last time I came here. All 3 workers were kinda of snippy? One yelling at me not to sit down when I myself didn't know that rule untilI I came back this time. Other staff worker yelled at me for leaning on the counter and the other worker yelled at me for "blocking" the way of the kitchen when I was just watching him cook. Having all 3 workers yell at me wasn't very inviting and made me super uncomfortable. I understand the place is small but I wasn't really doing anything wrong. I wasn't really sure where to stand to be honest. I will be returning but if the service is the same with the staff that will be my final time eating at The Tasty.
Philadelphia deserves great vegan food, and we have a lot of it. This is the land of legends like Vedge, V Street, Blackbird, and Dottie's. We crush it. But The Tasty is a major step back, and honestly depressing. 

- Coconut chai sounds amazing, but don't let that fool you. Watery and bland. I don't know how they made Dona Chai and coconut milk taste bad. It was a sign of things to come. 
- The chikn sammie used old-style faux meat (think typical Chinese soy meat). It had no flavor despite  all the coconut bacon (tastes like Dorito powder, bad especially compared to the fabulous Coconut Club at Memphis Taproom), and was dry despite the mayo. At least the tomato slice looked fresh, and the tater tots were the best part of our meal. [This is not The Tasty's doing, props to Ore Ida for making such a wonderful product.]
- The Dirty Jersey contained the worst fake meat I've even had, and tasted like nothing. Daiya couldn't save it. We attempted to resuscitate the patient with salt and pepper, but it was no use. Tried ketchup, still a goner. Ugh. 
- The toast with walnut pate sounded great, but NOPE. We added even more salt and pepper, still not worth eating. 

The Tasty is cute and relatively affordable, but that's about it. The service is nonexistent, the food is bland and texturally challenged, and the whole experience made me sad. This restaurant will make people think that going vegan means saying goodbye to flavor and happiness, which doesn't have to be true. 

Step it up.
My roommate and I walked up to the Tasty after the Passyunk Ave Flea Market for a late-ish brunch on a Saturday. It was pretty full, every table was filled and there were people waiting for a table or getting their order to go. 

They have an open kitchen behind the counter and only one woman on the grill. She was amazing at her job, always on her feet and juggling multiple orders at once. 

I ordered the spinach and soysage scramble, it came with a generous helping of home fries on the side. I really liked it, it was a lot of food and a good mix of all the ingredients. My only quibble is that I wish the soysage slabs were diced in instead of buried under the scrambled eggs/spinach. 

My roommate had the french toast monte cristo. She liked it but it wasn't as visually impressive.

This restaurant definitely has its quirks, it's all about whether or not you appreciate some and can over look others. For some, the mismatched coffee mugs and diy pallet seating is a charming point. For others, that's not enough to offset the fact that that you have to bus your own table and there are often left over cups and crumbs strewn around. 

Personally, I wish there was a more formal system in place for waiting for tables to open up, even just a marked off queuing space, so that people don't accidentally jump others who were waiting longer.
Top notch food all around. For it to even be vegan is mind blowing. 

I stopped in on a Monday morning right and the place was empty. It's a relatively small seat yourself dining area so I'm glad we didn't have to fight for a seat. The server at the front was very friendly and helped us navigate the menu when we had questions. You have to order up front before you sit down so keep that in mind.

I ended up ordering the Deluxe breakfast burrito while my husband got the cheesesteak. The food came out quickly (cause we were the only people there). I was seriously blown away at how flavorful the burrito was. The sauce on top was so creamy that I still can't figure out how it was vegan. The Deluxe burrito adds jalapenos so if you don't like spice be wary. The potatoes were well seasoned and tasted great with ketchup that was right on the table. 

I sampled my husbands cheesesteak, which was good in it's own right, but I was beyond happy with my burrito. I couldn't finish it because the portion was so large. 

I can't wait to come back here and try some of there lunch menu items.
Don't Sit Down!! 

The Tasty has been on my Philly vegan to do list for awhile. This last weekend I could finally cross it off the list. 

That being said, there are rules in this place! Rule One: don't sit down until you order your food at the counter.  I warned you ahead of time. My friend was running like 10 minutes behind me. I have an issue with not being able to save a table or a fear of not being seated. Totally not worth worrying about. I was informed that I should order first and then sit down. I tried to keep my cool. 

I dissected the menu to see what was the most appetizing. Brunch? Or Lunch? Oh the dilemma. And then I spotted the old school diner counter was also covered in cake stands filled with the best looking vegan donuts. I knew that one of those little guys was coming home with me. 

I was drawn to the lunch and specifically the BLT. I noticed they had a "Super" BLT that consisted of two kinds of "bacon". I've had the toasted, grilled tempeh kind but the coconut bacon was new to me. When my friend arrived, she was really instantly as a regular. My friend and the guy working said to try both. It was the best suggestion. The only thing I would have added and paid extra for was "Avocado" (my favorite). It would have added a refreshing creaminess to the decadent sandwich. 

By the time it was ordering time. I was a woman with a mission. Super BLT with waffle fries (go big or go home), chocolate sprinkle donut in a to go bag, oatmeal milk (my current favorite milk substitute) cortado and an enamel pin that I've been stalking by Steff Bomb. The pin is of a flirtatious piece of toast. Something about those charming carbs that make me weak in the knees!! 

We decided to sit at the counter. The counter had cleared out. Thank goodness. The food came out quickly. The waffle fries were crispy good and the Super BLT lived up to its reputation. It's was gigantic!! I loved the fresh slabs of tomato with the crispy lettuce. The bacons added some crunch and smokiness that us non meat eaters lack in our diets for the most part. My cortado was creamy and strong. And my donut...I devoured that donut the next couple days and it was sweet and delicious and took me back to being that kid obsessed with sprinkles. 

The space here is huge and has that Portlandia feel that I miss from the NW. I felt comfy talking to my friend about the night before's X concert, concert "ok" touching, friend stories and the importance of tomatoes in a BLT. Ha!! The staff was funny and as sweet as their donuts! 

Thanks for "the tasty" times The Tasty!! Until my next visit to Philly. Hopefully it will be longer than 20 hours!
Oof, I really wanted to like this place. A cute spot, but I won't be going back. The biscuits and gravy were so bad I sent them back and I never ever do that. The biscuits were cold, and the gravy was an unforgivable gluey texture. (It was also a surprisingly bright red.) Instead I got the chickpea "tuna" sandwich, which was okay, but not amazing. I didn't even finish half of the sandwich. My partner got a vegan cheesesteak which he said was fine. 

For a vegan place, I sure wish this restaurant had more vegetables on the menu. I'm a vegetarian and I can make MUCH better food than this. The reliance on meat substitutes is not a good look.
Interior setup is very cool, everyone is very friendly, and the location is great. I had heard mixed things but was excited to check out The Tasty. Ordered biscuits and gravy, and a western omelet. Coffee on the side. Gravy was so bad that I couldn't finish it, even after smothering in Frank's Hot Sauce and salt/pepper. I fully expected the food to come out looking like it was whipped up by a vegan punk at his crib, so absolutely no knocks for presentation. As others have said, this gravy was nasty orange and had a FUNK to it. Hoping that they pick it up because the concept is cool and the price is right. Get a good chef in the back and let's roll. 

My breakfast-mate ordered the western omelet and couldn't finish it either. non-vegan so what the hell, who knows. 

I'll give it some time to settle and revisit.
This is a classic case of "A for effort", but pretty much failed everywhere else. The food was pretty much inedible in my opinion, and my husband (vegan for 20 years) felt the same. We are admittedly a little spoiled when it comes to vegan food. First, we live in Philly, which has a thriving vegan scene. Second, we are pretty well traveled and have had the opportunity to eat amazing vegan food all over the US & abroad. That said, The Tasty fell short in the taste department. We ordered the Dirty Jersey breakfast sandwich, a crispy chik'n sandwich, the peanut chew croissant and the pepperoni roll. I had a bite of everything and that was enough for me. My husband, who can literally eat his weight in food, didn't even finish what was on his plate. We really wanted to like this place, but I can't see us ever revisiting because of our experience.
Do NOT eat here. They give vegan food a bad name. This was the worst food I've ever paid for. As a vegan of 15 plus years, I was so excited to try this place but I was disappointed on every level. Biscuits and gravy is usually a slam dunk. Classic and easy. But we received those crappy ready-to-bake tube biscuits with uncooked centers, and thick, confusing, chunky orange sludge with an off putting taste evocative of the smell of dogfood. So gross. Everything here is processed- from a box/package. Nothing is homemade, and it shows. The monte cristo was burnt to a crisp, and tasted like plastic. The "dirty jersey" is an unappetizing, strange tasting slice of processed faux meat atop a starchy faux omelet with absolutely no flavor whatsoever and a cakey texture. It was on a roll that I suspect isn't even vegan. I have serious doubts about their vegan integrity. And the coffee! I ordered an americano, and what I got tasted like the sour burnt nastiness at the bottom of the pot. It was the worst coffee I've had since my friends grandma microwaved me some Sanka. I wish the Tasty was good, but it couldn't be worse. Go to Miss Rachel's instead. You'll be thanking me later! And if you headstrong veggies choose to not heed my warnings, my condolences will be with you as you choke down freezer waffles and tvp. Pros: the place was cute. edit: the guy running their Facebook made fun of my being vegan, called me naive and generally ridiculed this review on their page, and has not yet responded to my request to know their roll suplier. He seems to have a resentment to vegans yet is running a supposedly vegan cafe? You can read his comments on their Facebook page.
So be sure to read the fine print. We were super pumped to try The Tasty, but didn't realize that they didn't serve their full menu until after 10. We got there about 9:30, and they only had the limited menu of breakfast sandwiches, which was very disappointing. 

The food itself lived up to the restaurant's name. I opted for the Italian sandwich, and it was fantastic. I inhaled it. It helped soak up some of the alcohol from the night before. 

My cousin got the tofu egg and cheese with tempeh bacon on an everything bagel, and she also inhaled it. The price is super reasonable for the quality and size of the sandwiches. 

The big selling point for my cousin (who's the actual vegan) was that they had oat milk for her coffee. Apparently very few places carry it, but she loves it and was very exited that they carried it. 

The coffee was also really good and cheap!
I can't believe I've lived in Philly for this long without having gone to The Tasty! My friend and I came here around 11:30am on a Saturday. The line to order was pretty long, but by the time we placed our order, two seats at the bar had opened up, so we were able to snag those. 

I was honestly so torn at what to order because everything looked so delicious. I ended up with the Fried Chik'n Sammy (fried chik'n, spicy mayo, coconut bacon, lettuce, and tomato) with tater tots. It was so delicious, and the portion was huge, so I was able to take home half of the sandwich and tots for an afternoon snack.

I have a feeling I'll be coming here every weekend for a while until I've tried the entire menu.
Great all vegan breakfast joint! Perfect for a quick bite or place to sit and catch up with a friend. Prices are reasonable and portions are plenty, so you'll be able to try a variety of menu options and leave with a full belly or with leftovers! 

I am gluten free but still had plenty to choose from! I got the Breakfast Boost Toast, GF, tofu scramble with cheese and tempeh bacon! I would describe the tempeh bacun as more of a tempeh scrapple in terms of texture and appearance. Either way it was flavorful and delicious! We also got the tots aka hash browns, a perfect little addition! 

I would recommend having an idea what you want prior to going. I only say this because you order right when you walk in the door at the counter. Make sure you look at the specials before you make a final decision! The staff was helpful and friendly. 

To top it all off I also got an iced coffee. Again, large and reasonably priced. They offer bottomless coffee as well for a slight up charge. There is a compost bucket in the back, awesome! 

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, vegan or not, to try a great meal or just something different.
What a great addition to the thriving Philly vegan scene! I went there and finally settled the Taylor Ham vs. Pork Roll dispute.

The winner? Neither. Instead, it's The Tasty's Porky Roll! What a great sandwich. My friends and I went for breakfast so our options were somewhat limited to their sandwiches. We also split a donut which was fine, but I prefer cake donuts.

Throw in Re-Animator Coffee with soymilk and we had a great Philly breakfast experience!
A vegan diner in South Philly is exactly what this part of town needs (especially after the Commissary closed a year ago). From the roots of a pop-up vegan bakery, This Charming Bakery, and a Reanimator barista, The Tasty was born. 

Egg or dairy allergic? No problem! Vegan but on the wrong side of south Philly from Grindcore? They got you! (And with a better selection, too.)

Reanimator coffee/espresso any way you want it. Vegan baked goods that make you second guess if they are indeed animal free. Their menu? Try the VEGAN "chik'n and waffles" or French toast or tofu omelet. I'm smitten. Look for the gold glittery vinyl sign across from Columbus Square.

This cute little diner will make you wonder why you ever depended on chickens or indulged in dairy; they will also serve up a side dish of the younger South Philly community (but in the best way).
LOVE that South Philly has added another great veg option--and this time a diner!

I have tried a few things on the menu and love all of them. My favorite is definitely the BLT with coconut bacon. The coconut bacon is so flavorful and perfect. 

Every time I go, I typically order a savory breakfast or lunch sandwich. But while waiting, I always see people with their order of chicken and waffles or chicken and pancakes and it looks unreal. It amazes me how thick and fluffy the pancakes look. 

Great service and even better food--there's nothing not to love about this place. I also love the coffee here, especially iced.

Pro-tip: they have regular milk / creamer options for people that get their coffee here. So those that are non-vegan and weary of not putting half-and-half in their morning coffee are in the clear!
The food is great. The place is small and the system of seating is confusing. You have to order then wait for a seat which means you might get a plate but no seat. They need a host/hostess to make this a better experience. But this is the best vegan waffles I've ever had. The tempeh bacon had a bitter taste and soft, unpleasant texture. The "soysage" was both sausage-y and paired nicely with waffles. The biscuits and gravy were a delightful surprise. I hadn't had biscuits in months since going plant based and they were really good. If you are trying to dine in, come early and expect to wait for the right situation.
Since I moved to Philly almost four years ago, I've said repeatedly, "All we need is a vegan diner, and then Philly will be perfect." Well. It looks like we're perfect now! Really great staff, everybody who works here has been incredibly kind. Really great atmosphere--it's just a perfect cute little diner! And the food! The food just makes me really happy! My favorites so far are the tofu scramble (I love how they let you customize it and make a breakfast burrito out of it!) and the buffalo wings. Thank you, The Tasty! I'd been waiting for you!
The food here is amazing!! I'm so so sad I didn't get to try their other dishes!! I chose this place to be my last meal in Pennsylvania before I went back to California and I'm so glad I did! 

The deluxe burrito had the most amazing tempeh inside i keep thinking about how delicious it was! The sausage egg and cheese on their everything Philly muffin?? sooooo good! You gotta get the everything muffin if you have the chance to. The cheese was ooey gooey and the sausage was amazing. 

I really wish I could have sat inside but the quarantine didn't let me :( if I go to philly I am definitely putting The Tasty for one of my must go places! I really hope I can go back soon to try everything else!
Upon entering, the diner has a bit of a confusing setup.  Initially, you seat yourself, order-and-pay at the register, and then wait for your name to be called to pick up your order.  Also remember to set your own spot with silverware from a shared counter.  And in the end, you bus your own table.  Very minimal service, but the staff is kind and welcoming.  The kitchen offers good and comforting breakfast and lunch fare--I had the falafel special which needs to be a permanent fixture on the menu.
I don't understand the negative reviews from The Tasty (settle down, ya'll). I am not a vegan, but I enjoy vegan meals and was looking forward to coming in. We finally went this past Saturday and had a nice experience. The staff was very friendly; I'm not sure what went down for other people, but they were really pleasant to us. Other reviewers have slammed this place for being junk food heaven, but my salad was fresh and healthy...it was seriously filled to the brim with veggies. The portion was so large that I actually couldn't finish it. My husband opted for an omelet with a side of potatoes and raved about how great it was (it came out piping hot, as well). The coffee wasn't the greatest, but we also weren't really expecting it to be. My only other complaint is that you can't always get a table because it's busy. I rarely write bad reviews and perhaps the negative ones on this page are truly warranted, but seriously...can't we all just get along?
RUDE dude behind counter this morning! Sarcastic mean man.1st time. Stayed less then 3 minutes. Didn't eat He said the fill menu starts at 10am. I asked to see the menu...his EXACT words.."You can see it, just can't order from it" I said "ok nevermind" His EXACT response to my sadness i couldn't order. "Sounds great!".. i looked at him and my date said "So what do you want to do?" I said "LEAVE!" If you want breakfast.., why wait till 10am when you open at 7am?!?! On google it does NOT say you cant get served a full breakfast untill 10am.they really should state that. Its hard to find, a semi whole in the wall and no parking. Left and went to Front Street cafe..poor customer service
Vibes: classic retro self-service diner for vegan comfort food with counter and table seating 

Tasting notes:
-breakfast tostados (one of the specials of the day): two crunchy, slightly flaky tortillas with a smear of refried black beans, each topped with a generous amount of filling; jackfruit was tender and flavorful; queso fresco was very close to the real thing in texture and cheesiness; tofu scramble was soft, not crumbly, and distinguishable from the queso in texture
-buffalo chik'n cheesesteak: vinegariness and saltiness characteristic of buffalo sauce was on point; hard to pick out the chik'n texture-wise from mix of cheese and onions; roll was fluffy, soft, and chewy; comes with a choice of salad, waffle fries, or tator tots (which we chose, and got a very generous portion)

Other thoughts:
-love that they also have fresh baked goods and a whole gluten-free menu
-service was pretty fast on a Saturday at around 10:45am
-prices are great for the size of the dishes
Yummy breakfast goodies! I came here knowing that this spot was all vegan. I have delved with few vegan establishments and I liked how this place was run. Walk in, place your order at the counter, pay, find a seat, and then you get called up once your food is ready. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. 

Got a coffee and the Dirty Jersey egg tofu sandwich and you got to choose your bagel of choice. I went with an everything bagel. 

I sat inside for an hour or so taking my time eating and also doodling. There's a lot of things to look at on the walls and along the windowsill. Plenty of seating also. Came upon some customers who weren't familiar with vegan alternatives whilst I was sitting inside and I overheard the staff giving their recommendations which is super nice.
The guy serving coffee was very kind. Everything else was not good at all. The food was like early 90s local health food store stuff. Just lots of grease and blandness.  I had the monte cristo and it just tasted like Wonderbread dipped in coconut oil. There's no waitstaff whatsoever... you need to hunt for a table, get silverware for it, pickup your food from the kitchen, and then bus your own table while other diners wait for you to leave so they can sit down. 
I can't recommend this place when every restaurant on Passyunk Ave has vegan options. Maybe if you're in the Midwest and this is the only vegan place for hundreds of miles... but you're not. You're in Philly. There are much better places to eat.
Location/service: This adorable vegan diner nestled in South Philly is the perfect place for brunch! I love the hipster, vintage-inspired decor. It's small but there's plenty of seating area at the bar, bar seats by the window, and a lovely seating area with colorful cushions. You do have to bus your own tables, though - you order at the register and then pick up your food, seat yourself, and pour your own water. I personally prefer this and think more restaurants should do it!

Food: The vegan Greek scramble with hash was amazing - it's obvious that it's tofu and not eggs, but not in an unpleasant way (as someone that loves tofu). The vegan cheese in the scramble was amazing, and the hash was well made - definitely my favorite dish! The Chick'n and Waffles was also good - the waffle was a little underwhelming, but fluffy and homey. The chicken itself didn't seem to be made on site, probably frozen/pre-made, but whatever brand they used was incredible - both texture, taste, and sight-wise, I could barely distinguish it form real chicken!! 

Coffee/pastries: The drip coffee is standard, for those who might have been worried. I got the Raspberry Linzer Torte and was blown away - it was soft, sweet, and delicious!

I'm really excited to go back and enjoy more vegan goodies here!
I've gone to The Tasty a few times now and I see much potential, but so far a few of the items I've tried were a let down. The french toast was very under-cooked(soggy in the middle) and the biscuits and gravy was like some sort of orange colored soup with biscuits in it. 

The egg sandwich states that it is has a 'tofu egg', but it is just the Follow Your Heart vegan egg. So its a treat if you like that product and a disappointment if you do not like it.

The doughnut was good and the croissant was excellent!

I've heard good things about the chicken and waffles as well as the cheesesteak! Looking forward to trying them.
It is so nice that South Philly finally has a traditional corner diner that is almost entirely vegan! The menu is so diverse and the hours allow for nearly anyone to have an affordable, filling brunch or lunch! I love the way this place is decorated -- it has the diner feel with the diner prices! I wish they would cut the half and half for their coffee and just be completely vegan! It would be the easiest statement for the place to make. Overall, staff is chill and the food is good. They could use a bit more salt. ;)
The Tasty is a fun, retro themed, sort of fast casual vegan diner that serves huge portions. You won't leave hungry. It's a small but welcoming place with funky decor and a friendly feel. A word of warning (or recommendation) - the coffee is STRONG. I kept putting milk in it and it wasn't changing color. 

I got a Tofu Egg & Cheez sandwich with tempeh bacon and home fries. Absolutely amazing, and I'm not vegan. Our food came out surprisingly quickly for such a busy place. I sampled my friend's breakfast too, and there were dowels in the "chicken" of the chicken & waffles, so you get that real chicken-y experience. This was a great place to have a hearty breakfast before walking around Philly all day. Definitely TASTY!
Very old-school vegan cooking, like from the Moosewood era. Think tofu scrambles and vegan "omelettes." Some people may be into it but it wasn't for me. 

The biscuits were too dry and the gravy was gloopy and tasted like spices and soy flour. We also tried a chicken sandwich but it was basically two oversized nuggets on a tiny bun so the whole thing was impossible to eat. It was all quite heavy so we felt really full for hours after.

On the plus side the pepperoni roll had good flavor. The coffee was fine. The staff was friendly.
Tasty indeed! The space is charming, the coffee is great, and their chick'n wing sauce is the best. I also treated myself to some cinnamon sugar donut bites that I enjoyed quite a bit. 

The food here is made and served with love. I am am looking forward to coming back, again and again.
This place really gets by on its niche market.  The food is simply not good.  It's completely bland and completely overpriced, especially if you compare it to Champs in Brooklyn.  This place is like Champs with half the menu selection and half the flavor.  The biscuits and gravy were kind of laughable - 2 sad hockey pucks of flour with bean soup, masquerading as "gravy."  Eeee - I've been vegan for 4 years and am familiar with what can be done with vegan food...this is a bit pathetic.  No thanks!
perfect espresso. Im a barista. I live 3 blocks away and noticed Synesso and Malkonig grinder in the window. perfect espresso every time. Vegan menu looks delicious. Also, sent people there and heard the vegan cheese steak was delicious. my friend took one to go after devouring one in. 

  The coffee is reanimator and they also have drip and ice. It's done impeccably I'm crazy picky. go get yourself some you south sillyians!
The Tasty really impressed me.  Upon first walking in I thought "wow, did they rob a flea market?"  As I spent more time here I realized their decor style fit with their food.  It's laid back and a bit quirky.  I'm cool with that kind of vibe.

We placed our orders and sat at a table that looked as if it came from someone's grandparent's basement.  I went with the spinach and soysage while my wife got a salad.  Both portions were huge!  I decided to power through my scramble because I felt like it was time for a fat kid checkin.  The coffee flowed and we had a really nice meal.

When I come back, I will come much earlier.  The seating definitely seems to be at a premium as the day goes on.  The prices were good and the food just had that awesome diner feel that I grew up with, only vegan.  I can definitely see myself coming back for lunch soon.
So disappointed. I really wanted to like this place. Everyone was friendly and the coffee itself is good however the food & donut was another story. My donut was over cooked in the frier and very oily and crunchy. The frosting was a dried hard object on top lol. The biscuits & gravy: sauce was bitter, bland & paprika style. Ok i'll say it, it was awful. Moreover, both my biscuits were completely raw inside I had to send it back. I got the tofu scramble in it's place. It was over oily, fell short of being fresh & not well composed. The hashbrows were over fried and very dark in color. I won't be coming back.
This place is AMAZING!!!! My favorite is the western tofu omelette. Their pancakes are also amazing!!! The staff is super-friendly! My husband and I go here at least 3 times a month!
Haven't eaten the food yet just picked up....but I'm reviewing based on the attitude the girl had...basically...she had the attitude of an asshole.

....just finished lunch...the food was fine...nothing special...a little spendy for what your getting....because of the attitude I would suggest getting your vegan someplace else...there are tons of better vegan spots in Philly
Monte cristo French toast made my day! Super creative menu, friendly staff, and adorable coffee mugs! Thanks Tasty for starting my Sunday morning off right
I love it here! I'm not vegan but I always bring my vegan/vegetarian friends from out of town here. Everything is very savory and fills me up!

- Spinach Soysage Tofu Scramble/Omlet: A bit dry but is great when you add ketchup to it. The soysage tastes like real meat and is well seasoned. 

- Fried Chick'n Sammy: The chicken surprisingly has the same texture as real chicken and is fried delightfully well. The waffle fries that came with it were delicious. However, everything is pretty dry so make sure you add ketchup!

- Buffalo Chuck's Cheezsteak: This is one of my favorite items on the menu. The Buffalo sauce is so yummy. It has a slight tang and a tiny bit of spice. I usually don't like buffalo sauce but I like this one. The cheese is also gooey. 

- Cookie Sandwich: Love it! Just sweet enough and very soft. 

Overall, the Tasty is a nice fun spot to get brunch! The diner is also very retro so it's super cute inside.
Decor: the inside is not the best. It seems run down and was not the cleanest establishment I have been in.

Staff: the staff was friendly enough and wa able to answer any questions. 

Food: we ate all breakfast foods here. The western omelette was okay. They overloaded it with to many peppers however. The Greek omelet was again okay as it seemed a little on the dry side. The cheese in both omelette was excellent. The waffle fries and home fries were both very good. We took a brownie and Rice Krispie treat to go. They were not very good and were generally dry.
Dang- shame you can't put zero stars. Staff person  was incredibly rude to my friend and myself- we walked out and are never going back. Didn't even get a chance to try the food we were so turned off by the vibe and the attitude of the counter person.
Absolutely love this place. The food is great. I had the breakfast burrito and Italian toast. My boyfriend had the French toast and all were delicious. We went on a Monday around 11:30am so the self seating wasn't a problem. You bus your own table which really isn't a big deal. I don't know why someone would mind clearing their own dishes but, to each his own. I'll definitely be back.
I am not vegan, but I love this place. Here are some reasons:

1. Owners are awesome.
2. I tend to go for the bagel with veggies and vegan cream cheese.
3. BUT the breakast burrito and breakfast sandwiches are amazing.
4. Home fries are fantastic.
5. It gets busy, but the system (order before you sit down) works pretty well, and I've never had to wait too long for a seat.
6. Great coffee, iced coffee, and cold brew.
7. Lunch options are awesome too. Get waffle fries.
8. Daily/weekly specials.
My review is for the donuts: the s'more is okay. The chocolate with cookie butter is moist and delicious
Well apparently I haven't written a review, and that surprises me. This is actually my favorite place in all of Philadelphia, bar none.

I adore everything here. The food is of course most important, but the atmosphere is great too between the chill tunes in the background and the gorgeous setting of a sweet little diner with artwork and comfy bar stools. 

I recommend you order the breakfast sandwiches and finish with some fresh homemade donuts. You can't go wrong with vegan donuts in the city of Philadelphia, but they are in fact the best ones in the city (IMHO). For sandwiches, I always get the tofu egg & cheeze with coconut bacon and add cucumber and tomato, but I just started ordering the Dirty Jerz recently, and splitting these two sandwiches with my husband. Whoa. 

The coffee is also just like the greatest diner coffee ever. I adore this place. Can't wait to return when I'm in town to visit my family around Christmas. Love you, Tasty!
I'll preface this by saying I'm not a vegan, but my best friend since very early in my childhood was raised as a vegan so because of her, i've learned to love and appreciate anything vegan. Everything at The Tasty is so good you can't even tell it's vegan! The coffee is delicious, and my favorite dish to order there is the pancakes.  As other reviewers have said, you place your order at the counter and then your food is brought to you; though I enjoy my experience best sitting at the counter as the staff is so much fun to chat with!  They always have great music playing there and I love the vintage decor.  They are only open for breakfast and lunch, but serve breakfast all day, so make sure you get there before they close at 3pm! I can't wait to take my best friend here if and when she comes to visit Philly!
The restaurant opens at 7am. But they don't serve the majority of breakfast food until 10 am. Doesn't make sense. No pancakes, waffles or French toast until 10 am. They only serve savory food and crappy attitudes before 10 am. Skipped it and went to Green Eggs for the most delicious vegan french toast. Apparently Tasty is compassionate towards animals but not kind at all to humans.  No explanation for this bizarre policy. Just a bad attitude from the guy at the counter.  This vegan won't waste her money here.
After having lived in NYC for three years, I got to try a lot of excellent vegan restaurants! This place is like the Champs Diner of PA, except mediocre. The staff was not friendly and were either pretentious or socially awkward. Either way, they weren't creating a comfortable environment for customers unless they were regulars. The kitchen is very small and you can see everything that goes on in it. It's not the cleanest I've seen; it's not the dirtiest. The menu was extensive and everything sounded great. My food was very bland, so I either ordered the one boring thing on the menu or the whole menu is like that. I'm not sure. The "chicken" sandwich just tasted like bread. Finding seating is not easy because there's not much (it's a small restaurant) so I can't even imagine coming here with a big party. Or even a group of like 5 people. Overall, it was okay, but I wouldn't plan on returning. I think it's okay for people who live in the area, but honestly it's probably worth it to drive further and try some other vegan places!
The food was very tasty and the staff very friendly! Not to mention we walked in 9minutes before closing and they still were very nice just politely suggested if we could take out. I had the tofu eggs and a cherry danish which I shared with house mates and everyone (including not vegan friends) loved it! Will be a regular here for sure.
I enjoy vegan food once and awhile but the greek omelet had a very unusual texture. I couldn't even eat it. It was something between wet bread and cake. It wasn't eggs for sure. The potatoes were good.  I like to see new young businesses open but for the neighbors who are mostly italian american please put something on the menu we can recognize. Italian americans have many vegetable based dishes like peppers and eggs or potatoes and eggs, string  beans and potatoes etc. Real eggs please. $14 for this mess. Sorry.
We actually just left & can not wait to go back! I had the delicious Grilled Avocado with coconut "bacon" on rye & it came with a side of PERFECT tater tots. My guy had the tofu western omelet with the best vegan cheddar we have ever tasted as a burrito. The food is great, the atmosphere is great, the location is great, the service is great, The Tasty is great!!!!
Welcome to the neighborhood! I have only eaten there once but I am looking forward to going back again as soon as I can.  I loved my avocado melt but I really want to try the western omelette the girl sitting next to me got, it looked so good I almost got one to go! I will be a weekend regular for sure!
This place is my new go to spot! I was so happy to stumble upon it while walking in south Philly and I'm so glad I did! The staff is friendly, the food is amazing and it's all vegan! I can't wait to try the entire menu!
This is the perfect diner. Incredibly friendly staff, great food, and an awesome atmosphere. The food is vegan but as a meat eater, I couldn't have been more satisfied with my meal. I will continue to visit this place every chance I get and am already anxiously awaiting my next trip.
Grungy and vegan what is not to like. If you fancy waiting service and soft cushy chairs this is not the place of you. If you want delicious vegan food with a laid back atmosphere and cool people then this is the place. My wife and I love this place.
I am vegan and enjoy finding new places to try out. This place can be my regular go to spot... its a very layed back cute location... its bright and clean... the staff is super personal.... you just fit in...you come in place your order at the register and grab a seat.... anywhere you like... at the main counter or window counter or tables... the menu has everything you want from a kool neighborhood diner.... coffee, breakfast, lunch or early take out dinner... love the chicken cheesesteak,  hot wings, nacho tofu scramble , fries, chicken sandwich, and iced coffee.... but wait they have mozzarella sticks....  sweets and goodies.... its All amazing.... i am very very very glad this place is open... if your vegan or not check them out.... good food and great vibz in a clean bright cute location.... #veganforlife
On a recent drive thru the city of brotherly love, we stopped by The Tasty for some "tasty" vegan diner style grub. From biscuits and gravy to a vegan pork-roll egg and cheese, to cheese steaks and hoagies, to cookies and coffee, this place was friendly, welcoming and gave you that home town feel. Glad we stopped by and would recommend to anyone.
It's really frustrating that every time I'm eating here I am reduced to tears of joy mid-meal.
You know when you're craving something very specific... then you find it and think "This hit the spot!". That's exactly how I felt. Great little Vegan diner with an interesting setup. When you come in, order at the counter, sit down, pick up your food when called, bus your own table at the end! I got the Chik'n and Waffles. Perfect for a quick breakfast/brunch meal. Nothing fancy, no table service, just friendly staff and delicious vegan diner food. Go now!
I have never met a more welcoming staff than these guys. It is now my go-to brunch spot and my friends (non vegans) also rave about it.
The food was OK, I wasn't blown away by it, but I can only judge that based on the items me and my dining companion choose. I would try again and order something different but I wasn't too happy with the service.

We waited over 15 minutes for a check, sitting there looking like we're ready to go, with a credit card on the counter. Finally we asked (we were trying to be sympathetic since it was busy), and they said they don't do checks (you know, like every other single diner ever does so that's my frame of reference). They said to settle at the counter since it's all done by computer. OK, that's different but you could have checked in with us over those 15 minutes to explain that, or see if there was anything else we wanted like another cup of coffee. I prefer to see a bill of what I'm paying for ahead of time, to make sure there are no mistakes either way (under or over-charge) and to calculate tip. 

With so many brunch places now offering yummy vegan selections with better customer service, I have to say this place is not for me. Based on other reviews it looks like I'm in the minority though. Give it a try and judge for yourself.
I absolutely adore the Tasty. I visited when they first opened since it's nearby, but I have recently obtained a random dog-walking setup with my friend PJ (the dog). I love walking her and then treating myself to the Tasty!

I stopped in today and always feel heard and respected there. Seems very queer friendly, which helps. The staff is always very nice and they definitely deserve respect for what they do. Full points.

I recommend this place to anyone and EVERYONE. They are open on weekdays and weekends. Relatively cheap compared to alternative vegan brunch and lunch options. Stop in!
HOLY CRAP. This place is AMAZING. My sister and I tried it out today and we fell in love. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak- just phenomenal. It was so scrumptious and satisfying; I was in vegan heaven. My sister got blueberry pancakes with whipped cream- out of this world. Service was exceptional and everyone was just so friendly. Definitely going to be frequenting this place
Come here every Sunday, its affordable unique and delicious. Great brunch spot for me (the vegan) and my boyfriend (the none vegan). Will always bring out of town guest here plus its very friendly on the budget.I recommend getting the chocolate cake doughnut, bottomless coffee and the rice crispy treats!
Stopped in here for the first time recently, and you can count me as a fan. I've only had the chicken and waffles, but it was absolutely delicious. There will never be a great vegan fried chicken substitute, but whatever they were serving up was delightfully crunchy and warm. However, it was the waffle that ran away with my heart -- one of the best I've ever had, vegan or otherwise. It was like eating a cloud. The iced coffee I ordered on the side was perfectly serviceable. 

Decor was laid back and pleasant, and the service was super friendly in spite of it being a super busy Saturday morning. I can't wait to eat there again.
Philly is becoming a plant based powerhouse.

A Diner themed breakfast spot? Love it. Had the Dirty Jerz and wife had the western omelette. The omelette was awesome oh and their home fries were better then any home fries I have ever had anywhere.

We will be back,
The Tasty is a vegan neighborhood greasy spoon kind of diner with standard diner fare...veganized. It's smallish with some tables but at breakfast time it's crowded and you will definitely have to wait for a table. 

I believe there is an early breakfast menu with smaller portions and then later morning they switch to a brunch menu with larger portions - and they are large. The pancakes are huge. 

The food was good. Like a solid good. But no one in my group was absolutely amazed by any of it. Full disclosure: we didn't eat in, since it was so crowded; we took our to-go containers across the street to the park to eat. Food was warm so that wasn't an issue, but it's possible the food would taste fresher if you dine in.

I would definitely go again to try other stuff on the menu.
I LOVE The Tasty.

When you walk in, it's a super old school, trendy little diner. Everyone at the counter is super friendly and really helpful. They have a Pride Flag hanging above their window which instantly makes any LGBTQ+ person feel at home. The menu covers almost any breakfast/lunch food you could want. 

My girlfriend, who isn't a vegan, ordered an omelet and was over the moon about it. She couldn't stop gushing over how good it was, accompanied by some tater tots. I got the crispy chick'n sandwich with the waffle fries! I'm not a huge fan of coconut bacon, I typically prefer tempeh but it complimented the sandwich really, really well. I added buffalo sauce and it was great! We split their oreo donut and were extremely close to ordering a second.

If you like a true diner style meal, you won't be disappointed. Their Instagram constantly covers the insane range of food they're able to make vegan friendly and is constantly changing. I HIGHLY suggest you try it if you're in the area!
Welcome to the neighborhood! I have only eaten there once but I am looking forward to going back again as soon as I can.  I loved my avocado melt but I really want to try the western omelette the girl sitting next to me got, it looked so good I almost got one to go! I will be a weekend regular for sure! 

Soooo.... things are not nearly as 5 star as they were when they first opened. I have been to Tasty 5 times since my first review & every time I go something we order is different than the last time. Breakfast burrito, one time potatoes in it & on the side, next time only on the side, the last time only in it! The omelette went from a white (tofu) texture & color to a yellow color & inedible pancake batter texture. The  cheddar"cheese" is different too... I think it's Daiya now but it wasn't when they first opened & it was WAY better. The chickpea "tuna" was great once & not so great once and the pancakes & "soysage" were very good

I really want this place to succeed but consistency is the most important thing for the survival of a restaurant & unfortunately this place is totally inconsistent! It could be great just make things the same way, every single time!
Food is so delicious! I had the Chickn and Waffles, and it was exactly what I wanted it to be. The coffee is great too, but I forget what roasters they use. My only complaint was that the restaurant was too warm, and it made my 1 year old grumpy, and uncomfortable.  Definitely plan on coming back without the baby.
Another stellar vegan establishment. If they didn't tell you it wasn't meat, you probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference.

On hot days, the place will be pretty warm as it's a small space but can fit quite a few people.

The ordering and seating arrangement does take getting used to, so if it's your first time; pay attention to their instructions when you come in.
HOLY SMOKES! Awesome vegan breakfast and brunch spot. I haven't had pork roll in years so the Dirty Jersey on an everything bagel was a real treat. My husband and I also tried the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and the chocolate chip pancakes. Everything was delicious and I cannot wait to go back! I'll have to try some more stuff from the menu...but those particular dishes were so yummy that it will be difficult not to order them again!
AMAZING vegan food! the whole menu is vegan! it's such a liberating and delicious menu. the staff are so nice and the food comes out quick. my friend and I tried many things on the menu and gave them a 1-10 rating. this is just our personal opinions though based on our individual tastes; honestly the entire menu is amazing it just depends on what you like. here you go (b=friend's rating; other number is my rating)
the Deluxe Burrito as a tot bowl sub tempeh bacon for coconut bacon (7) b8
monte crisco french toast (8) b7
2 bayou biscuits and gravy (5) b5
bacon biscuits gravy (7) b8
cheesesteak (10) b10
tofu egg cheese with coconut bacon on everything bagel (8) b7
chicken waffles (10) b9
fried chicken sammy (9) b6
home fries (10)
waffle fries (8)
tots (9)
chocolate donut (7)
pb bar (7)
meat and cheese bread (7)
donut holes (9)
Killer waffles. Get the berries and cream. First time here but will be back. Coffee great too!!!!
The food was really good but the customer service sucked. The man at the front was so rude and unhelpful. He refused to answer our questions and when he eventually did he was snarky, short and sarcastic. They would've gotten 5 stars if he didn't suck so bad. 

Seriously the food was really good. Go there but avoid The Man. 

Also put Moz sticks on the menu!!

Thanks!
So good that I'm only in Philadelphia for two days and I just finished one meal here and already plan to come back for a second one tomorrow morning. One of the best vegan breakfasts I've ever had going out to eat. Plus the vibes in this place were awesome and I highly recommend for anyone!
Nice Vegan diner in South Philly, similar to Veggie Galaxy in Boston, though much smaller and order at the counter style. 

Mostly fast food and greasy vegan food, I've eaten here twice and loved the food though regretted indulging after. Certainly not healthy for you.

The setup is annoying in that you order at the front and grab tables first-come-first-serve, though often unclean as the prior patrons bus the tables (and you should after too). The place has always been packed and you stand around for 10-15 min after ordering in an awkwardly tight space.

Had an incident where we dropped a donut in front of the cashier when they handed it to us. After asking twice, they wouldn't replace it without charging us for a new one. Certainly not top-notch customer service if they won't replace a product that costs them less than $1, and instead charge us an additional $3.85 for the replacement donut. Hope they enjoy the $2.85 margin and the one star smaller review.
I. Am. Obsessed!!! Ham and cheese omelet is phenomenal. Omelets and eggs are probably the thing I had the hardest time not eating, being plant based. So it's great to see them here! Had a bite of the burrito and will for sure order it again!

Also, I love that you can change stuff about omelets. I'm allergic to bell peppers but I love ham & cheese so I'm
Glad I could change it.

Love the random mugs!

It's self seat and the staff is super nice.

Only con is that you'll smell like a diner afterward.
I walked into this place starving and came out with all kinds of leftovers.  I had no idea how large the "sides" were.  My husband and I both ordered chick'n and waffles - could have split it!  Sides of scramble, 2 potatoes, and something else...we looked like gluttons.  
We also ordered orange juice - which was Tropicana?!?  Took off a star for that.  Normally diner OJ is good but Trop is not. 
We ordered a good $50 worth of food.  Could have gotten out much cheaper but like I said...we are gluttons!
The set-up of this place is a little odd.  When you walk in you grab and menu and order before sitting down.  Then you have to go get it yourself when they call your name.  I would say this is a cost saving measure if there prices were a little lower.  It's not that difficult of a concept but when you order as much food as we do it feels a little odd to leave the table unattended.  Speaking of tables, there are only a few, so please when you finish eating, GET UP!  A few people were done eating and just sipping coffee when we arrived and still just sipping coffee when we left.  There is a sign that says get up when you are done - it is common courtesy for a small place like this.  
Overall delicious food - can't wait to go back.  Can we get some of this in Manayunk!
I love the Tasty.  It has become a nearly once a week visit for me, so it's about time I wrote them a review.

Food:
The donuts taste like heavenly funnel cake.  I crave them most days.   

I like either the dirty Jerz sandwich or tofu egg sandwiches on an everything english muffin with vegan cheese. 
 They really need the smoky addition of the tempeh or coconut bacon and a little hot sauce to complete the deal.  The veg alone does not pass for egg, it is after all tofu, but is still part of the makings of a great sandwich.  Let it cool for a minute before digging in.. it can be hot.

On healthier days I love the lentil walnut spread on toast with spinach on top.  It's really simple and makes me feel full for most of the day.

They have oat milk for capuccinos and other coffee drinks, which is so thick it's like putting heavy cream in your coffee.  This is a texture I've missed since giving up heavy cream and dairy, so it's a nice thing to have once in a while.

On the weekend, the tots bowls and specials are awesome.  Everything is so good, but it can get expensive.   The furniture could be more comfortable, but they are already so busy, they probably don't want people staying too long!
Amazing food! The western tofu scramble was delicious and very filling. I didn't even miss the eggs and cheese, and I'm quite the cheese lover (not vegan). Inviting '50s diner sort of a vibe. Not my favorite coffee but that's personal preference - I like a darker roast. Only negative was the staff didn't refill the bottomless coffee even though we were sitting at the counter. Otherwise service was very good. Will be back.
The Tasty was a dream. Loved the decor, the staff, and most of all the food!  My husband's omelet was one of the best we've had, and we originally come from vegan-friendly Seattle so had plenty to compare it to. 

The coffee was served strong, and there were many other delicious-looking menu options we'd love to try. Would suggest more sausage with the biscuits & gravy ... I only found one small chunk. Otherwise, if/when we move to Philly, this is going to be a regular place for us (my husband wants to search for homes near The Tasty if that give you any idea as to our enthusiasm for this diner).
The Tasty gives the most local, small town, intimate diner experience in a very bland exterior building. It's a no frills place. You order at the front and then grab your own food when it is ready. 

Vegan options galore! One of the few (if not only) places that offers a Vegan Omelette!! Pretty rare so I tried that and opted for the side salad instead of the fries. The omelette was good and only slightly on the dry side but would go well with some sauce.

My friend ordered the pancakes and unfortunately wasn't as elated as I was with my meal. 

Everyone else (literally) at Tasty ordered the loaded tater tots which looked mouth foaming delicious. If and when I return that is definitely something I want to try!
While visiting friends in the area we visited The Tasty. We got there a bit before 10 am on Saturday and we arrived just in time as the place would fill up soon after, forcing others to wait outside as they were at capacity.

I ordered the western omelette (with sausage instead of ham) and tater tots. My wife ordered the blueberry pancakes and we split a donut while we waited for our entree.

The donut was excellent and cakey, with a bit of a crispy edge. 

The omelette was absolutely delicious, and the tater tots were crispy and amazing. I think this is the best vegan omelette I've ever had.

Our non-vegan friends got an eggy bagel sandwich and pancakes which they also enjoyed.

If you are vegan, or not, you'll find something tasty here!
O-M-G

I just discovered this little gem today. I called in a "chik'n parm sammy". I love finding veggie options that aren't just portobello mushroom and other vegetables. I'm a big fan of soy protein "meats". 

I was greeted as soon as i walked in. 

It was within walking distance and very easy to find.

On to the actual food...it was flavorful, delicious, and smelled awesome (I was being tempted to dig in on my walk back) Oh, and the portion was super generous. I will definitely return!!!
Cool!!! hip!!! Atmosphere, very busy on the weekends you may have to wait for seating. The menu has lots of vegan options. I had the Vegan Philly cheese steak. Yum!! The service is pretty much self serve once you place your order with the cashier you find your seat and wait for your name to be call from the short order cook. Once your are done eating your dishes are to be taking by you to a designated area...
I really enjoyed this place about 3 weeks ago.  The food was really good and freshly made.  I was not a big fan of the coconut bacon curl gravy,  but they have another one I will try,  because I love biscuits and gravy.
On the bright side.....a vegan diner!  Yay!  And a really nice guy served us.

On the down side:  

There is no table service, you order at the counter and you also bus your own dishes.  No problems there, I don't mind that.  But what I did mind is that I considered this place dirty.  Bringing your own dishes and taking your plates away is one thing, but I had to actually clean a table and chairs in order to sit down.  The young woman cooking seemed to be keeping her cooking space tidy, and the young guy who was taking the orders was friendly and working hard, but there was another man (maybe the owner or manager) who was just standing behind the counter talking while the restaurant itself was a mess.  

Also, my vegan "egg and cheese" nor my dining partner's "vegan omletter" were not good - at all.  We couldn't eat our food, we just didn't like it.   To be fair to the young guy serving, these were not items that he had recommended, but we just really didn't care for them.  

Who knows?  Maybe they will step up their game or it was just an off day.  I hope so.  But...I don't think I want to go back.
Truly incredible. Best burritos, incredible lattes, delicious donuts. I'm not even vegan or vegetarian. Seriously, no matter your diet--GO HERE!
Unbelievably good. Had the spinach and soysage omelet with tots, dirty jersey bite .. absolutely delicious. I love english muffins and omelets so it was nice and refreshing to see vegan versions of these foods. I also tried the pancakes and mac and cheese - again some of the best i've had in philadelphia - perhaps ever.
Updating my review because I decided to give this place a second shot. Being that The Tasty has such glowing reviews, I knew my bad experience HAD to have been an isolated incident, and I was definitely being too harsh originally. 

I figured it would be better to stop in on a weekday morning, which was right. Parking was easy and we walked right up and ordered. There were no tables open, but the bar was open and it was nice and comfy.
Cashiers were kinda grumpy, but the chef was SO nice. The food came out super quick and tasted AMAZING.
Being barked at to order at the counter made us older than millennials roll our eyes .  This was our first abc last time here . My veggie burger was so soggy I just decided to eat the "patty ".  The " bacon " my friend ordered was just fried  tempeh . She didn't even finish it so it must have been inedible.  Then busing you're own tables - millennial laziness. This isn't IKEA . 
    I was reminds of the great vegan places in Amsterdam .  There I didn't mind ordering at the counter and gasp they actually bused the tables .
phenomenal vegan breakfast/brunch. staff are very efficient at getting you in and out. very busy but thanks to this efficiency not much of a wait at all. prices are reasonable and portions are fantastic! i especially loved the omelette with spinach and soysage as well as tofu scramble (much better than a typical restaurant's offering.)

one thing of note when you show up they hand you menus and ask you to order before sitting down. the credit card system allows you to tip however you will be fetching your dishes when ready, as well as bussing your own table before you leave. i tipped, hoping the hard working cooks get it. anyway just FYI on that.

i can't wait to go back!!
I love the food here. It's one of my favorite for Vegan breakfast spot for almost 2yrs! I've been here weekdays and weekends and it's always packed but worth it. Lately I've been getting takeout to avoid the crowd but I think they have stopped the takeout?? I've had just about everything so you're safe with any dish. Shout out to the cooks!! 

I gave 3 stars because of the manager. He seems to always be in a bad mood. I always ignored it but he started being rude so I order ahead to pickup for now on. The last time I did a pickup I was waiting by the counter. There was one seat open so I sat to wait. A moment later a couple came in to order and was standing. The guy manger looked at me and told me to get up so they could sit. I got up thinking how this was going to work since it was only ONE SEAT??? The couple must have been thinking the same thing because they stood beside the one seat. Once I stood he asked me to wait outside because I was blocking the water, the door, and basically everything??? So I waited outside and he brought my food out. I think I've given this place A LOT of tries. I LOVE the food and staff, but it's not worth it anymore because of the manger's attitude.
Finally tried The Tasty! My brother and I came here on a Saturday afternoon in May and surprisingly it wasn't very busy. I guess everyone was at the shore. 

The employees were super nice and helpful. They kindly explained to us how ordering worked and what their favorites were. We ordered the chik'n & waffle, the deluxe breakfast burrito sans jalapeos and 2 vanilla chai's. 

The prices were reasonable and the food came out fast. That burrito was creamy, savory, and totally awesome. We're not burrito people but we loved it. The chik'n & waffle was good but I would've preferred to just have the waffle. The vanilla chai was delicious and perfectly sweetened. I want to come back to try more dishes!
After eating the omelet all I can do is quote my late Italian mother. " GOD forbid what the he'll is This?"
