This Old City restaurant and bar is solid. It has two levels, with plenty of room to drink, eat, and be merry. Weekends the place is packed full of folks drinking and dancing. The times I've been in, the DJ has been a bit random, but the crowd is always enthusiastic.

Friends and I have also been here for dinner. The upper level offers some privacy, and the decor is elegant - for an Irish bar, especially. Portions could be bigger, but the food was tasty: Try their grilled marinated pork tenderloin. It's heavenly tender, served with potatoes gratin and a cranberry black currant port wine and grape sauce. And the Irish butter is outstanding.

Thanks to Stefany and others for friendly, efficient service!
We decided to take a quick spur of the moment over-night trip with the kids to Philadelphia just before New Years Eve -- so we head down there and by the time we get down to Philly and check into the hotel it's time to feed ourselves and the kids.  We asked the concierge at the hotel for a recommendation and he responded: "The Plough and The Stars".  Although it is an Irish Pub type of place, he said there was food for the kids as well and we would enjoy it.  So we figured . . . what the hell -- why not.

F Y I . . . If you are staying down by the Convention Center, this is NOT walkable as it's on the other side of town (a few miles).  Not that I have anything against walking, but when you have a kid(s) with you and it's night time, you don't want to traverse the streets of Philly that are between the two endpoints.  Also, be aware that if you are going to Philly and plan on visitng the Old City area after 6PM, be prepared to pay $15+ to park if you can't find a spot on the street.

Once we drove over the Old City neighborhood, we had a little trouble finding the place (but that may have been as a result of bad directions in the first place.)  Once we found it, we stepped inside to what appeared to be a nice open space -- in front of you is a nice wide bar, to the left are some small tables near the fire place to sit and sip on some cocktails and there are tables on either side of the doorway and upstairs as well.  When we got there the place was relatively empty (which changed later on during our meal.)

The atmopshere, especially during the holiday season, was wonderful, they had a giant christmas tree (think two story tall), in a corner by the fireplace.  The fireplace itself gave a great aroma to the air and the building itself was certainly late 19th century and had a wonderful charm to it.

So of course my son wants to sit near the fireplace (esepcially since the tables were all reserved) -- the only "bad" part of the evening was that we had to sit at the small tables by the fireplace (on even smaller stools) -- but it was worth it because we sat right near the fire (which I too am a big fan of), and the food AND drinks were wonderful.  They have this wonderful "apple pie" cocktail which combines Irish Whiskey, cream and some apple cider -- they warm it up and boy is it yummy.

As promised, the place had food to delite the tastes of younger patrons (in other words my 5 y/o and 20 month old), and they had delightfully, the menu certainly has an Irish theme to it, and their dishes are full-flaovred and hearty (i.e. steak, other beef dishes, etc.) -- their salads and soup are equally tasty and the wait-staff are all delightful and regularly coming around with warm, freshly made brown bread and irish soda bread (highly recommended.)

The desserts are also a nice treat.  We shared the Bailey's Creme Brulee -- personally I could taste the Bailey's in the dessert, but none-the-less it was enjoyable (so was the coffee.)

So go, enjoy and also remember, from what I was told, this was formerlly an old bank so the building I am certain has some interesting history to it (for you history buffs out there.)
Based on my five-course vegan prix-fixe dinner there, 5 stars easily. 

One minor note: at dinnertime, please do not air local news on your TVs. Violence and kidnapping stories are not what I need to watch as I sit down to dinner. Fortunately, I went with two friends on a nice May day and we were able to avoid the local news by sitting outdoors.

Some highlights of a great meal:

Tomato gazpacho: Lisa Simpson's favorite bbbq party food was perfect. Just right. The nacho chips served with it were the perfect finishing touch.

Vegan quesadillas: very good. Oddly Thanksgiving-like. I really liked the guacamole that came with it. The chef raised the game with that.

The three components of the dinner course were great. Spaghetti squash with a delicious peanut sauce. Savory Sheperd's pie. Topped off with an excellent vegan crab cake. Crab cakes are clearly better vegan, why on Earth are we still killing crabs?

For dessert, I had the avocado lime cheesecake. It was great though I preferred the chocolate cheesecake my friend let me try from her plate.

The vegan prix-fixe meal at Plough and the Stars is now firmly entrnched on the Philly must-do list.
In all the years I've come to the Plough, the experience has wandered between four and one stars, thus the average 3 star review.  I know, talk about about inconsistency.  The reason behind the vacillation, is most often due to  the atmosphere and the crowd.  Personally, I like this bar the most when it is at its most low-key: weekend afternoons, early weekday evenings, Sunday Irish music nights, and Snowmageddon (isn't that the worst CNN-coined term?) nights when Philly residents get to reclaim Old City.

The place itself is really lovely.  An old bank building with high ceilings, two floors and nice, clean bathrooms.  It is at its most beautiful during Christmastime when they bring in a huge tree and string it up with lights.  Team it up with its roaring fireplace and it is truly idyllic.

Overall the menu is nothing impressive or memorable and again, I recommend you go here only for the drinking.  A bit pricey in comparison to other nearby bars.  Service is attentive and usually prompt.  

On weekend nights, Plough turns from Irish Pub into Club Plough and it gets positively packed.  Therein, the crowd changes from mellow to pumpin' fists, bro!  Music goes from Celtic to Electronic.  Depending on what is your scene, go to Plough accordingly...
I hate this place as a bar (I've never been to eat).  I've been three times, and each time the place was so crowded that I couldn't move.  You can barely get to the bar, ordering drinks takes forever, the crowd is generally lame (lots of skeazy guys staring at barely dressed girls dancing like strippers).  I also hate the music - they'll play 5 or 6 songs from the '50s, then the '80s, then the '90s, then modern, then repeat.  I have never had a good time at this place - I leave irritated, frustrated, claustrophobic, sweaty and not drunk.
I typically overlook Plough for other options in Old City, but decided to give it a chance for brunch. 
Expecting typical bar food grub, the menu was a pleasant surprise. Traditional Irish breakfast, seasonal french toast, and crab eggs Benedict are just a few of the options. They apparently also have "Best of Philly" Irish coffee, but I didn't try it for myself. 
The atmosphere is great. The first floor fireplace makes you forget you are sitting in a bar; the upstairs balcony is nice and a little more intimate. However, service was a little slow (we sat for 30 minutes after our plates were cleared before we got the check. Then we waited another 10 to get the receipt. 
For a place that is so ... not my scene.. at night, the brunch here really impressed me.
We were part of a meetup group this afternoon with all of the vegan food prepared by Chef Lenka Zivkovic - fantastic!! 

Amazing flavor combinations, incredible presentation  and a great venue!

Hope they'll add some of these choices to the regular menu - we'd definitely return!
First of all, let me say that I hate to post reviews like this. But I just didn't see a way around this one. 

I can't rate the food, because we never received service. My friend and her husband came to Philadelphia to celebrate her birthday and asked for an Irish bar. They'd never been to Old City before so I thought it was a great opportunity to check this place out since it'd been on my list for awhile. We passed up two other places to give this a try.

We were promptly seated. However we waited for fifteen minutes and no one came to take drink orders. I am a manager myself (though no longer in hospitality) and have over six years in the restaurant industry so I understand things happen-- probably an oversight. My friend's husband went back in and very kindly requested service. The waitress informed him the hostess never mentioned us. Again, fine, communication errors happen. 

We waited another five plus minutes and still nothing. I've never done this before, but we walked out and decided to go to a much cheaper local joint down the road where we all had a blast. We just weren't ready to pay the prices for the quality of service we weren't even receiving. 

Unfortunately, they lost a lot of money on this one because we were excited to go all out for a birthday dinner. 

Maybe we'll give this place a shot again, but it will be awhile at the very least and I won't be recommending this place to my visiting friends. There are way too many choices in this area for this type of service to be acceptable.
**This review is for the nightlife only.  

I've been here twice - once while very drunk, and the other time - well I learned quickly that I wasn't drunk enough.  I had two very different experiences - 

1. While very drunk, I didn't mind the music from the mid to late 90s, which reminded of my middle school days.  I also didn't mind that the DJ continued to repeat these songs over and over again throughout the night.  I also didn't mind that my friends and I were harassed and grinded on by an obnoxious group of friends at a bachelor party.  Or that the drinks were expensive.  Or that it was packed, wall-to-wall with sweaty bodies.  At least there was no cover!  

2. While not drunk enough - I thought to myself, how did I have such a good time here last time?  Isn't this song from when I was in 6th grade?  Didn't the DJ just play it 5 songs ago?  It was hot, sweaty, the crowd was obnoxious, the bar was crowded, the drinks were overpriced...

My advice - come here when you are already three-sheets deep and ready to end the night with some dancing, otherwise you might leave feeling annoyed, like you wasted a perfectly good night.
This wasn't the best restaurant ever, but not the worst.  We walked by on our way to Market St. and decided to stop in for dinner.

Kind of loud, but large enough that a lot of people can fit comfortably.  The food was pretty good (I got the chicken dinner special) and reasonably priced.  Good bread at the start of the meal (you get a choice) and the soda bread was homemade and worth trying.

OK prices and somewhat slow service.  We never decided to come back here just because the entire experience was OK.  I'd recommend it more for a late night bar since it seemed to be pretty packed after 11 p.m.
Consensus seems to be that Plough and the Stars is great if you want to party and get smashed. For this I like to go to places that serve me $2 Lagers so when I'm smashed I'm also not poor.  Thus my two star rating.

This doesn't mean I didn't have a good time there before. St. Patty's Day 2007 was an awesome marathon of drinking. They had live Irish dancers, music and some wonder kid who sang some Irish diddies.  Intermittently a bar crawl would come thru, try to recruit us and then move on. We got there early and got prime seats at the bar that allowed us to keep the beer flowing and the crowd somewhat at bay.

I feel bad for my two stars but with bad food, high prices, and a crowd, this isn't my hangout of choice... unless I'm trying to re-live college.
5 stars! Becasue......

1. I don't live in Philly and have only come here with my best friend from college

2. Have gotten really drunk and hit on by many men

3. danced my drunk ass off

4. good drinks

5. Normal pricing

6. Priceless memories!
Im a bit biased being that I worked there more than a year ago. Howevever, there is no doubt the bartenders are great. They are fast and professional, and will know almost any stupid drink some douche might order. You know those people.... the guy that thinks he knows every drink type cause he read it in a drink bible. or that girl that orders a shot because it has a cute name, but is really just sugar that is 20 percent alcohol. order a Guinness there, please! They pour it properly, by the way.

Rant aside. The bartenders rock, the music is decent.
Dont expect a really great dance scene. But, dancing can surely happen.

 It is for the 27-35 year old for sure. But, you can be a bit younger and enjoy the mix of people trying to get their dance on if your crawling around old city.  stay to the seats and dining area and chat with friends or other strangers. After all, its an Irish Pub, so socializing is certainly encouraged. 

Food is great. If you have the bills for the food and tip. Then do it. If you love UK minded people. Do it. The place is owned by Irish immigrants, first generation. So, it will remain an Irish pub feel for quite sometime. 

Good beer selection, as well. 

Most interesting thing about this place is it changes all day. Early morning is for great breakfast, then great lunch, then awesome dinner, then a good late night. And the scene gets younger. Early morning averages 60 year olds. Then once lunch hits, minus 10 years. Then dinner, another 10 years. Once your at late night, its the 28+.
Please tell me what the big deal is about this place? 

I've been here several times and even when it is dead I was bored.  Saturday night after the disasterous dinner at Triumph we decided to move the party here...bad idea!

We were meeting the rest of our party(about 15 of us total) on the top floor and just getting up the steps and past the bar was a challenge in itself.  It makes no sense to pack a place that tight if A.) you aren't charging admission and B.) noone can get the bar to buy drinks.  Luckily my friends had snagged a spot over the railing so we could get some air.  I wasnt even drinking and the crowd was making me light-headed.  The music was decent but there was no room to dance and to be honest I couldnt even move my arms.  This is one of those places where you absolutley have to be wasted to have fun..even then I think it would just make me sick.  

The only advantage was being by the railing and watching the cattle being herded below(plus a guy doing the entire soldier boy dance and a great view of the drunk shirtless guy that passed out on the street and then was beaten by the cops...yes this was the highlight of the night for us).  

Needless to say we didnt stay long and eventually had to make the trip back down the steps and make our way to the door.  Dont' see myself ever going back unless I'm eating at the outside tables, and even then it would only be so I could people watch.
The Plough is so big and with the noise!  Because of it's prime Old City location, there is a high douchebag factor among the clientele.  On the plus side, they do have a lot of really great whiskey ( Red Breast, yum!) and can pour a decent Guiness.   The food ain't bad but I would only go here if I was really out of ideas.
Had the most delightful vegan prix fixe dining experience served by chef Lenka Zivkovic. An absolutely delicious 4 course dinner available every other Thursday at Plough & The Stars. 

We enjoyed a rich cauliflower bisque (hearty portion!) followed by a unique artichoke/hearts of palm parfait & a very clean arugula salad. The third courses were utterly breathtaking and equally delicious! Grilled polenta with a lentil/walnut pate, portabello with quinoa & asparagus plus an artichoke rose that was sooo good, pasta orecchiette with a topping that mimicked bacon! The portions were hearty and all plates paired exceptionally well together. Then... the desserts came. You must try these vegan cakes. Immediately. The chocolate raspberry cream cake deserves a gold medal. It was so rich and mouth watering. The avocado lime cheesecake will blow your socks off. And both were raw dishes! Truly impressed.

Our waiter, Josh, was the nicest. Extremely friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the menu. We're so happy he told us about the prix fixe!

The Greater Philadelphia Area vegan community is slowly catching wind of these incredible plates, so definitely book a table in advance!!
I have NEVER eaten here, just drank...and drank, and drank.

Soooooo, with that in mind, early on a beautiful early summer evening ;-) what a nice stop to sit outside and have a cocktail and people watch.  

There is  nice cocktail menu, and and a well rounded beer menu, my friend opted for a mango mojito.  It was all mint, watered down, barely a taste of mango vodka or mango at all.  My martini, which is no brain surgery, was excellent.   

Our server was very friendly and fun.  The chairs are the best of outdoor seating that you can find.  The chairs get a 5 star rating.   :-)

BTW, inside is warm and cozy with a fireplace for those chilly nights in winter, and always a wonderful fun crowd to boot.
When it comes to food, this place is absolutely fantastic. Having had the opportunity to visit this place several times, I have found that each time is better than the last.

For appetizers you can't go wrong with my personal favorite, the Pissaladiere, which is a puff pastry topped with Caramelized Onions, Dried Cherry Tomatoes, Kalamata Olives and Crumbled Goat cheese, or the Tappas, which comes with an assortment of veggies, olives,  cheese and pita with hummus, and is always fresh and tasty no matter what time you stumble in to eat.  Even something as simple as the house salad goes down good without being too heavy.

For dinner you can't go wrong with the Lamb Chops, which is drizzled with an oddly delicious Irish mint sauce, and comes with some of the of the best and cheesiest scalloped potatoes that I have ever eaten. The vegetarian pasta is also quite good, especially when you cancel out the vegetarian and add chicken to it.  Or try the Roasted Free Range Chicken which comes in a large helping, served on top of a smooth and creamy helping of rich mashed potatoes.

They offer a great selection of draft and bottled beers for those who like to experiment with different styles, and great daily special concoctions, both liquor and beer related, with my personal favorite being the Dirty Hoe (Half Hoegaarden, Half Raspberry Lambic), which I highly recommend as either a dinner compliment or an after dinner drink. And best of all they are one of the few places that have Hoegaarden on tap.

As for all of the people who have reviewed who are hellbent on deconstructing the mismatched decor, are you there to provide decorating tips or eat? One reviewer was right about not going in expecting to be in authentic Irish Pub, but does it really make a difference? All that anyone needs to know is that it is a comfortable environment to either get a drink or enjoy a great dinner... as long as you are there before 8pm.

The only complaint that I really have is the fact that the moderately sized street level dining area turns into a pseudo-nite club at some point after 9pm, when typical top 100 music is blasted, and a assortment of the usual club guidos, preps, and snooty gals show up, which does get extremely annoying bordering on obnoxious if you're not expecting that environment.

But don't let that prevent you from giving this place a try, it is well worth it. If you want a great place to grab dinner in Old City Philly, then this is a place you should definitely be sure to hit. 

All in all my absolute favorite restaurant to eat at in Old City.
I was never impressed with the food here. If you come, it should be for lunch (or just drinks) and in the warmer weather so you can sit outside (they have a great Old City location).

Dinner menu is trying hard to be a force to be reckoned with but there is no talent in the kitchen. For lunch grab their spinach salad with poached pears, walnuts and blue cheese.

And make sure you get their fries with horseradish sauce.
I really liked this place. Our server was amazing very quick with a drink and funny to boot. We were outside so I cant say much about the inside except that they have nice bathrooms and it seemed like a little bit of a meat market/frat party vibe in there. The french fries were delicious but the curry topping which we got on the side was pretty watery I am assuming its not meant to be put on the side but oh well. A great experience with exceptional service.
We went here for my lovely cousins start of her bachelorette evening- We made our reservations but due to the traffic on the streets some of the ladies were late- which means we were late ordering- the waiting staff was not to happy with us.  The selection of food was average-but they were not flexible if wanting to substitute any thing on the main courses.  Choices of wine was minimal- but mixed drinks were made well.  Out waitress was not pleasant- but we did have one waiter who was extremely nice and attempted to fix the flickering light bulb above us the entire time.  Eventually he brought us over numerous candles.  We were rushed- when the larger party next to us was clearing out- and they wanted to start clearing up the dining area to let the dance crowds in- Us ladies made the best of it.  Although service was rough- and it was extremely loud- the food was good.  It definitely did not put a damper into our night of fun!
A bit pricey, but this place is really versatile. One night it's a hip Barack Obama inauguration celebration and three days later it's got some famous names in the Irish traditional music world just chilling at the bar. Since I have a foot in both of these worlds (and write about them both), I really appreciate a restaurant with the same eclectic eccentricities. 

The menu is refreshingly traditional and to be honest...I prefer going here alone in the morning or afternoon when I'm out on assignment. It's my favorite alone restaurant in the city, really, and a good place to sit down and go over notes. I always meet interesting people here and you'd be surprised at how many semi-famous individuals have passed through. Keep your eyes open if you know some Irish faces.
Everyone can talk shit about Plough all they want:
"it's supposed to be an irish bar"
"they don't have a great beer selection"
"there are NJ douchebags there"

News flash: there are NJ douchebags everywhere!

Moving along - this place is what it is on weekend nights. You've got your hotties, you've got your assholes and you've got your train wrecks. Great place to party and they have a huge tv if a game is on. DJ always plays things drunk people want to hear - channel Livin on a Prayer, Beat It, Jessie's Girl, etc. Overall, always a fun time late at night.  Bonus points for an awesome Christmas tree in December!!
Outdoor brunch.

Freedom.

Strong Bloody Marys.

Freedom.

No Masks while sitting outside, on high tops, watching a big screen...outdoors

Freedom.

Attentive waiter, quick and friendly.

America.

Laughing, yelling, having fun while munching on fat burgers and freedom fries.

F yeah.

America First. Always.
Plough & the Stars is our go-to bar on the weekends.  It is my favorite bar in Old City.  As a disclaimer, my perspective may be somewhat skewed as a result of my degree of intoxication and my laughably boozy companions.  Nevertheless, I would like to believe that my sensational experiences can be tied to the actual venue.  In my opinion, it is a good time.  

At 25, I would say the crowd is usually pretty young and I feel like I fit in well.  It does have a college bar feel to it (a nice mix of mainly groups of friends and some singles) and it is always packed out.  If you are prone to claustrophobia, I would absolutely stay away.  In addition, I have heard some complaints about the speed of service, so you may want to take that into consideration.  Mostly though, I am ignorant towards the tortoise pace of the bartenders because everyone around me seems like they are having such a good time.

It is definitely not an atmosphere that breeds conversation due to the loud DJ who plays mostly mainstream music and hip-hop (although, don't be surprised if you start hearing songs you would dance to at a wedding--lame in my opinion, but better than techno!).  You can dance here, but there is not really a dance floor per se. 

Girls, you can bust out your heels for this place.  At the same time, heels are not essential to having a good time (you could save yourself some blisters), and the floor, as I recall, got a little messy by the end of the night.  There are definitely some creepers lurking about in the shadows, but if you go with a group of friends, you are probably guaranteed some "Yay! I'm a fan" moments.
Are you asking me if I've ever had a bad time at Plough? The answer is no. 

Have I ever gone to Plough and NOT ended up sweating and dancing with my hair on top of my head laughing my ass off? Negative.

Wild spot for Saturday nights. Give it a try..but make sure you're drunk..or in the process.
You want an Irish bar... you got it!! Was checking out the Old City area for the first time and on St Paddy's Day on Sunday.. so I wasn't sure if maybe I beat out the crowds that partied hard the night before or if I was just shooting myself in the foot by coming out on St Paddy's Day lol.

But I was pleasantly surprised when we actually got seated right away!! I mean.. this place was truly the place to be in Old City! It was a packed house for sure... but an awesome crowd... loved the vibe. We walked in and there was a live band playing all your Irish tunes.. people standing and enjoying themselves all across the first floor throughout the bar area. A few people we talked to said they had been here all day and they were handing out free St Paddy's Day swag. So for sure, people had been drinking here all day long by the time we got there (6ishpm) We almost left but figured we would just see how long the wait was for a table.. and low and behold.. the 2 of us got seated right away! Woot woot! I say we had the luck of the Irish on our side.. thanks to hubby being Irish!

Our waitress, and I wish I could remember her name was the best! As crowded as it was, she was calm.. always on top of our drink and food orders. She just had the greatest attitude. And usually when a place is so packed like how it was, you could sense servers getting frustrated, but she was just enjoying St Paddy's Day herself! 

Drinks 
Since it was St Paddy's Day we had to order ourselves some of their green beers.. which was cider and something blue i think Curaçao liquor to make it green. It was ok.. but one and done. I drank Jameson and ginger ale the rest of the night. But they have a full service bar for whatever your alcohol needs are.

Food
They had a whole menu for a St Paddy's Day special. I wasn't that hungry cuz I'd been drinking a bunch already so I went with the seafood chowder (DELICIOUS!!!) and the Fish n Chips. The chowder was nice and creamy and they definitely didn't skimp on the seafood part in there. While we were waiting for the maim entree, the waitress gave out some soda bread which was delicious as well. Fish n Chips were good, but just a tad bit on the oily side and nothing too impressive with the fries, but they were still good.

This place is definitely one to check out. It's got 2 levels so lots of options for seating. Great party scene for sure. Will definitely come back!
Honestly this is all about the service.  If I am at a bar and just standing around a table, I don't need a freaking server to get my drinks.  I can walk up to the bar.  Anyway, on Friday 01/04/14, our server Felicia was attentive but she added a nice tip on to my card at the end of the night that shouldn't have been added.  I specifically left a $5.00 tip on a $28.00 bill and she added $4.00 to my card.  Yes it's only $4.00 but it's the principal.  Just unprofessional
i have wanted to check this out for a while. last night friends and i stopped in for a couple drinks and and munchies. we sat outside, so i can't really attest for the interior except that the bathrooms are pretty nice. our service was amazing. i forget our server's name, but she was spot on, personable, and just plain great. we only ate curry fries so my review isn't really that thorough. the fries themselves were good but the curry tasted more like chicken noodle soup with curry powder mixed in. the crowd was a little... lame and annoying but if you're outside you don't have to deal with stupid drunk girls, a bunch of bachelorette parties, and meatheads.
My friend is a fan of this place so when he was in town this weekend, we set up shop there early in the afternoon and stayed all day.    The servers were nice and really accommodating. 

I do not like the food here though.  So much so that this past Saturday I went to National Mechanics for about 45 minutes to have corndogs while our party was eating at Plough.  I picked some of the vegetarian pasta that was left on my friends place, and I totally made the best decision.  

The drinks came fast and hard--Weekend afternoons though, I'd rather kill time at Tir Na Nog or Fado if you've gotta go Irish, or National Mechanics.
Dropped in for a quick bite (and prerequisite libation). I liked the interior and over all space...but I didn't mind leaving once the food was done to explore other options. 

My Braised Duck Quesadillas with Caramelized Onions & Irish Cheddar Cheese were fine, but underwhelming. The drizzled Chipotle Sour Cream was in need of Chipotle. Our waitress was lovely and attentive, although she did get a drink wrong which was quickly remedied. 

I wouldn't drag my heels to never come back, but there are seemingly so many more places I'd like to try first.
Visited here on a random Saturday at that weird time of 2:30-3, not quite brunch but not quite dinner.  Was able to snag an outdoor table for 4, which was rare as it was one of the first hot, sunny days replete with neighboring bar crawls.

Overall it was a decent place to grab some midday grub, but wait times were pretty long. Our server was very friendly and had good suggestions for some of their featured cocktails, but I think she was slammed cause trying to order a second round of drinks or get more waters or pay the check took a lot longer than expected.

My cucumber vodka cocktail was super delicious, so props there. We all liked the buffalo wings. Fried calamari was okay, but I've had better. Nothing to write home about, just adequate bar food overall.
I came here for my mothers birthday for the first time the bartender and the pub across the street recommended it and it was awesome,  our waitress was very friendly and helped us choose our drinks. When my mom and sister didnt know which beer they would prefer she bought samples for them to try. The food was amazing and the prices were great too . We got the fish and chips and it was enought for two!! 

I really recommend this place to anyone visiting PA and are looking for a great time and good Irish (amd British) food
So, I stopped in here twice on Saturday late night. Once was to take a group potty break, and in the bathroom I heard girls raving about how the crowd seems really cool and all.

Then we came back, and I realized 2 things: the layout is awesome, and so is the music. It was too easy to find the bathroom. TOO EASY. Then, there's a balcony upstairs. HERE IS WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT THAT: Finding your freaking friends. We've all been there, and this helps you get out of that lost-in-kmart feeling. It's not huge, there aren't too many places to look. I love it.

Music? You know that there are some throwbacks your gym teacher played at homecoming that you all said were so stupid but secretly you knew all the words and had to try really hard not to sing along. Well, this place does it better, and everyone sings along. These hip college folk in old city sang the following lineup: Hit Me Baby One More Time, Larger than Life, I want it that way, and.... ready for it.... MMBop. By Hanson. The rest of the night was all that usually new stuff but for half an hour there, it was the most amusing sight I've ever witnessed. It was definitely dorky and lame, but I think the crowd makes it worthwhile and charming.

Now, the servers... all wear these black minidresses that seem to only be permitted one or fewer sleeves... and they tuck your credit card into their bras. Tell me that's not sexy (as long as you're not a germaphobe.)

Drink specials are good, and when you walk in there's a bucket girl with the special. When we arrived it was Blue Moon 22oz for $8, later $2 Corona regulars.
This felt like a college bar.  It got wayyyy to crowded, BUT it did have coat check.  Music could be better.  I  don't have much else to compare it to in Philly though since I was just on Vacay.
We only went here because they advertised live Irish music until 9pm, so we left the mall where the concert was happening on the eve of July 4th thinking we would catch an hr of the show.

Unfortunately the band had other plans and we only got to hear one song before they called it quits 30 minutes early and started ordering beer and food.

We asked the waitress if they were done, because otherwise we would not have stayed and ordered to listen to the loud music from the radio that they put on .

 She told us they finished at 9, so we thought they were maybe taking a quick break ( after all they had a lot of time left ). Lies. We waited and waited, our orders came, and they started packing up their instruments. Huge disappointment! Don't believe their advertising or anything the waitstaff says.
I've only been here once, but I was so overwhelmed that it was enough to last me a lifetime.  

I went with a group of friends on a Saturday night, and it took 5-10 minutes just to get in the door.  Clearly, I expect bars to be crowded, but this was out of control.  The place is so huge, you'd think that people would be spread out and have room to breathe, but that is a terribly wrong assumption.

We managed to wriggle through the suffocating crowd, albeit very slowly, and headed upstairs hoping for a bit of a reprieve.  It didn't come.  

I had to practically wrestle my way to the bar, which was about 3 deep at the time.  When I finally got to the front of it, I had taken a few elbows to the head, and forgotten what half of my friends wanted to drink.  Then, the bartender proceeded to ignore me for, not exaggerating here, 15 minutes.  She just kept serving everyone around me, and just amazingly never managed to make eye contact with me.

Finally, thinking that I had either passed out or gotten lost, a friend came to rescue me.  Not even 30 seconds after he got to the bar, the bartender (who by this point I thought could be blind or at least lacking peripheral vision) came right over to take his order.

Now, I've heard once or twice about this phenomenon where females don't like other females, but come on!  How are you gonna just totally ignore a customer!?  Terrible!

I guess she thinks she just needs to work "the goods" for the guys, and fails to realize a chick here and there might need a drink.
Every time my friends and I used to go here, after  about a 1/2 hour or so into the visit, we would look at each other with puzzled faces and someone would always ask..."Why are we here again?"  Thats how I would sum this place up.  One thing that is always consistent is that at some point during your drop in you are guaranteed to hear "Livin' on a Prayer"  or some other vag friendly cover band staple. 

I will say I do like the tiny stools that appear to be really awkward from afar but actually end up being pretty legit.
The Guinness casserole is the best example of a beef and Guinness dish I've had since actually being in Ireland.
My friends will be surprised  to see me eating here at an Irish pub. But when it's restaurant  week and they're  serving vegan food, I gotta get involved. This was amazing. We had an artichoke  appetizer that was rich in garlic and sauce that was excellent over the slice of toast. The salad of fruit and greens (did the chef read my diary?) Was sweet and spicy  but not too much of either. Seiten steaks that tasted more steak than well any steak with a lovely just perfect steak sauce. Best of all for this veggie lover was the grilled potatoes,  sweet potaoes, and green beans slathered  in rosemary.
Chef Lenka has put together an amazing vegan pre-fix menu that serves four courses of heaven, every other Thursday.
This place is hardly an irish pub. It's just a typical bar that turns into a sorta dance place later at night. There are usually no specials and even though it is 2 floors, it gets PACKED. Last time I went, they played decent music (hip hop, house) stuff you can dance to. But then I guess the DJ became retarded and started playing irish bagpipe music, odd 80's songs, and pretty much the avg college anthem songs like "cotton eye joe" and such. I mean I guess for some it's better and I guess since they are considered an "irish pub" they need to do that but c'mon! Also the music was WAY too loud, my ears were ringing when I left. 

The servers are usually attentive and quick and there are usually good lookin girls here. All in all, a decent place to end the night at since they never have cover and it's in a good location.
Five stars for the vegan prix fixe menu. Amazing food, phenomenal service, and Chef Lenka came out to talk to us and gave us vegan creme brulee. VEGAN. CREME. BRULEE.

Twice a month on Thursdays is the vegan prix fixe chef's tasting menu. Four courses. Each better than the last. Bargain price of $35. I highly recommend this.

I've never been to The Plough & The Stars for any other reason or on any other night. From what I understand, like most joints in Old City, it's probably not my scene on the weekend. But it will definitely be part of our monthly rotation for our vegan girls nights.
My friend won a gift card here so we decided to stop in for Restaurant Week. I'm admittedly not a fan of Irish pubs so I had never visited before.

We were in late on a weekday eve and only a couple other people were at the bar.  It was a quiet pleasant meal but I'm not sure how the experience would compare at a busier time. 

The food wasn't bad. The service was friendly. Overall not my first choice to visit but not a bad experience.
This isn't a bad place to hang out.  It's humungous and has outdoor seating, which is always good.  The drinks are okay, the food is okay.  It's not my favorite place to go out in the city, but it's still a good time.  It can get pretty crowded, though, and even though there's a lot of space, it's hard to find a place to sit when it's crowded on a weekend night, so you just have to find a spot on the floor to stand awkwardly with your friends.  I've been there when it's not crowded, and I like that better.  I'm a big fan of having a table and a place to sit.
We primarily came here for drinks and bar food. The outdoor seating area was fantastic on a warm summer night. We ordered Malbec wine (so-so) and Fish & Chips, Shepard's Pie and Plough wings.

The food was good, I specifically relished the Shepard's pie with mashed potatoes on top of ground beef. Service was a bit careless though. The waitress forgot to replenish water even after asking her a couple of times.
Okay so my friends and I have trashed and owned this place at the same time because everytime we go, every guy (including the staff) thinks we are lesbians! LOL! and nooo we did not kiss on the dance floor either. They actually think we are lesbians. But aside from that, Plough is one of those places in Philly you can go to to get completely trashed and meet douchebags from NJ. So if you are looking forward to running into douchebags and dancing all night long, then this IS the place for you!
I have to say this place was great. We went in during the middle of the afternoon on a Friday. It was perfect as it was quiet and empty. The red-haired Irish bartender was really friendly. I recommend getting the Evil Eye IPA!

Friday nights, decided to avoid due to the crowds and the noise. Best during the day.
This was really a phenomenal experience in all respects. Some friends and I went during Restaurant Week for the vegan dishes, and we were so impressed!

The food was delicious--my first course was the pear salad which was well balanced between tangy and sweet. The candied pears added a nice touch. My mahi mahi wasn't as tender as I had expected, but the couscous accompanying it showcased a perfect blend of spices. I could have used some more vegetables though. I opted for the vegan dessert, and the creme brulee was just like real thing--sweet and creamy and decadent. The chocolate cup with lavender cream looked as delicate as it tasted. 

What made Plough & Stars really stand out, however, was the service. I got an early reservation, but my party didn't start arriving until well into an hour after I was seated. The waitress was kind and patient enough to let me wait at the table, and I didn't feel like she was rushing me at all. Once everyone had arrived, orders were taken quickly and efficiently, and the food came immediately after. To top the night off, my friend had chosen not to order from the Restaurant Week menu, but when everyone else was receiving their desserts, the waitress was so wonderful and considerate and brought out a dessert plate for her--for free!

The ambiance is laid back, but classy. There's a nice foyer area upstairs where I would love to be seated next time, as I'm sure I'll be coming again!
FYI - I have been back twice now and both times I was in fact heavily intoxicated...I still give it one star!
Chef Lenka Zivkovic's vegan menu is healthy, tasty, and delightful.
I consider this establishment to be your 1 stop shop.  The drinks- cold and priced reasonably and delicious.  The food- fresh, gourmet, delicious, innovative etc.  The ambiance- decorated impeccably for every holiday on the calendar.  The service- pretty much on-point!  Best part- come here on a Sunday morning with your parents and have a classy brunch, or come by on Saturday night and rage with all of your friends and have a dance-off against total strangers.  The Plough and the Stars has an amazing range!

That's why my now-husband and i decided to have our rehearsal dinner here in early November.  As a lover-of-planning, I was not initially loving their style, as they were very laid pack, and short on details... but polite and responsive.  This is evened out by the fact that when we showed up, EVERYTHING was PERFECT.  Drinks were poured quickly, and were bottomless.  The food was impeccable (people raved about the tomato soup w/ Gorgonzola!), and the service was outstanding.  It was pretty much a dream come true.  I couldn't have felt better about my decision to have an event there.

I wouldn't change a thing!
Ya know that CD you have that is your default when you can't decide what else to listen to?  Plough is that bar, only in drinking terms.  If I could give it 2.5 stars I would, its that average.  P&S has the tendency to become annoyingly packed on weekend nights (probably because its everyone's default).  In fact, my friends and I found ourselves literally being pushed...BY EMPLOYEES!  I like the aesthetics; high ceilings, brick and dark wood, but not enough to put up with elbows to my kidneys.  The last time I went to Plough, it was so crowded my friend jokingly said, "I bet I could drop this beer and no one would notice."  Well my friend apparently has the hands of T.O. because about an hour later he drooped a bottle of beer, thus causing it to shatter on the ground.  Not a soul even flinched.  Plough and the Stars is ok as a default, but I don't see it as much else.
I briefly considered a two star review because if I'm being honest, our drinks and appetizers were good, but the rest of the experience kind of ruined it for me. 

Wound up at Plough and the Stars on a Friday night during Restaurant Week because it was one of the options with room for a large group (8 adults, 2 little ones) and a decent number of options on their Restaurant Week menu. We were seated toward the front of the restaurant, near the bar. I wonder if the upstairs seating area would have been quieter --- we had trouble hearing each other since we had a decent sized group. That being said, the bar had plenty of seating and a fun vibe, and I could see myself enjoying a quick stop for a beer or cocktail. 

We were offered drinks quickly after being seated, and I ordered the "Spice Me Up," a whiskey cocktail with All-Spice dram, which was actually quite delicious (though needed a quick stir --- the syrup all settled at the bottom). 

For appetizer, I chose the Duck Feuilleute with crispy puff pastry, goat cheese, and shredded duck meat that was moist and delicious (though you could have easily convinced me I was eating pulled pork). Others tried the mussels (with a Thai curry sauce) and the Plough Trio (hummus, avocado, and artichokes served with pieces of pita) and everyone seemed satisfied. We also enjoyed the two types of soda bread with butter.

It was after the appetizer round where everything went south. They cleared our plates, and then we wound up waiting a ridiculously long time for our entrees. The waiter even stopped over to check in when it had started to feel like a long wait and promised our entrees would arrive in "two shakes of a lamb's tail" --- and then we waited another 30 min or so. When our entrees arrived, the waitress handed me my plate from across the table (over BF's head) and failed to mention that the plate was very hot (probably from waiting under a heat lamp for God knows how long), which meant I burnt my fingers and almost dropped the plate onto BF. I had gotten the Roast Pork Tenderloin, which had a flavorful sauce, but was quite rare on the inside --- moreso than I am used to for pork. The side of mashed potatoes was hardened on top as if they had sat out for a while, and the peas and corn mixture on the side was a bit cold and clearly obtained from a freezer bag. Friends who had chosen steak received VERY rare steaks despite asking for medium. Another friend got salmon and seemed okay with it, but no one was really raving about their food. In addition, no one ever stopped by to refill waters that I can remember.

Dessert came out a bit quicker, perhaps because everyone was offered the same "dessert sampler" as opposed to choosing from several options. It included a chocolate mousse tart, creme brulee, and housemade whipped cream. By the time dessert came out, I was feeling a bit nauseated (I'm not sure that I can blame my pork, it may have been bound to happen anyway) so I didn't eat it, but I was told it was nothing exciting.

Overall, our dinner took nearly 3 hours, much of which was spent waiting for entrees. For $100 per couple (including drinks, etc), the food was absolutely not worth it. If I ever return, it would be more for the drinks and the fun vibe... I won't be eating here again.
I really want to like this place, but I just can't.

My friends really like this place so I have been there a few times, always on Friday or Saturday night and my typical experience here goes something like this... I walk in and it is instantly about 30 degrees warmer than it was outside and I cannot even move. Luckily they have a girl who sells beers right at the door when you walk in pretty much so you can get  a drink quickly, unfortunately that Bud Light you're about to buy will be about 5 dollars. After fighting through a crowd of drunk dancing people I usually make my way upstairs so that I can actually have a foot of space between me and the person next to me. I'll try to talk to my friends but it's one of those places where you have to scream at the top of your lungs for the person next to you to even hear what you're saying. After a few drinks I'll feel the slight need to pee which means I should probably get moving to go to the bathroom, because it's gonna take me probably 5-10 minutes to fight through the crowd just to reach the end of the line. After another 5-10 minute wait I will finally be ready to fight my way back to the bar for another drink upstairs. 

I usually spend the rest of my time there people watching over the balcony. I may hate this place but I will say it is the best place to people watch. I have seen people slip and fall on the dance floor, some triple kisses, I even once saw a bachelorette being "serviced" by some dudes hand, so that is at least entertaining. 

If you like hot, loud places where you're shoulder to shoulder with people no matter where you are in the bar then this is right up you're alley. Otherwise I would definitely pass this place up.
Plough & the Stars was this season's pick for Restaurant Week.  If this were a fantasy foot ball team, I'd be right at the middle of the pack.

The interior is beautiful, a two story room with a balcony used for dinner with high windows, crown molding and plaster details all around.  The outside seating area has high top tables and chairs with umbrellas, and, even though you line the sidewalk, are set back enough that you don't feel in the middle of 2nd St. foot traffic.

When we arrived, the music was a tape of traditional Irish folk music, but by the time we finished the DJ had come in and was playing some really annoying 90's pop music (read: C&C music factory).  Supposedly they have live Irish folk music on some nights...

The service was great, the hostess seated us right away, and our waitress was super attentive and offered both solicited and unsolicited suggestions from their special RW menu.  Both food and drink came very quickly.

Unfortunately, we were seated on the upper level right outside the kitchen; we had bags of trash walked by us, huge trays of dishes (one clinked and I got some old-meal juice in my hair), and the entire restaurant staff paraded by us continually.  Normally, especially during RW, I wouldn't be as annoyed by this, but the rest of the balcony was empty save one table of 8 on the other end.

The food was also spotty, my monk fish and scallops meal was pretty darn salty, something echoed by the server after the fact and some friends who've eaten there previously.  BUT, the scallops were done perfectly with a nice seared crust and not over cooked.  The accompanying corn salsa was super yummy, helped to cut some of the saltiness, and was a really interesting texture and taste difference with the fish.  The boyfriend's steak was amazingly yummy, though the menu said it came with a bleu cheese sauce of some kind which neither of us could see.   Our appetizers (spring rolls and their avocado mousse) were pretty to look at, but very tasteless.  

Desert was amazing: A sampler plate of chocolate truffle, creme brulee and a fruit filo thingy that were all to die for.

Great beer selection, okay wine selection (for the non-wino) and an okay short order menu would make me more likely to return for happy hour or the last stop an old city drinking tour.
One of my go-to olde city faves! Not too low key, but not too pretentious. Perfect.
this place is as irish as i am. this place is 2 levels of pain on friday and sat nights- it gets crazy crowded like the end scene of crocodile dundee when mick walks across everyone's head. it seems to be really popular w/ the early twenty crowd during those nights. not a bad place to grab a drink during the week. never had the food-i've heard brunch is ok.
Had an awesome time here this past Saturday.   Our birthday party attendees secured a spot on the raised platform area directly to the right of the door.  Having this space made our whole night!!!  The waitress was extemely attentive.  I also liked how we paid as we went.  With 15 plus people coming and going and ordering drinks, running a tab can be dicey.  No need here!  DJ was okay.  Some really random trax and some pretty bad mixing, however he did play a requested song right away-so big ups for that.  I am by no means a fan of Olde City bars in general but I would certainly recommend this spot to friends.
Best Guiness and they remember my clover! Used to live down the block so got to know the place well! 
Check-out the Sunday Brunch; live Irish music usually fiddle, tin whistle and Bodran.
Plough and the Stars was the place I started going to when I got too old for Mad River.  True story.

Over the years, I've returned occasionally to get my drink on.  It gets super packed on weekend nights, but I've always enjoyed myself.  If 23 year old Jill L was writing this, she would have given it 5 stars.

This past Sunday, my husband and I stopped in for a late lunch and a couple of beers.  It felt weird to be here in the daylight.  Without the drunken haze, I could see that Plough and the Stars actually has a pretty awesome line up of beers on tap.  Also, the food we ordered (a tapas plate of hummus, pita, olives, prosciutto, roasted peppers, and mozzarella) was quite delicious.  I could go for some of that hummus right now.

They also had a huge screen playing the Olympics, which was pretty cool.  I could definitely see myself stopping by here again for some daylight food and drinks in the future.
I haven't been to this place in 5 years.  Why, you ask?  Because I am OLD.  Over 30 is apparently elderly at Plough, and I felt out of place among the inebriated youngins'.

So although it is no longer my scene, I spent many a college and young adult weekend nights here, and it seems the place has not changed in the last 10 yrs.  They always play good music, so no matter what decade you were born in, if you are just drunk enough, it'll be a good time.
Beautiful atmosphere and decor--the dark kelly greens and deep wood and brass made me feel warm all the way through. (The 30 degree temperature difference between outside and inside helped too!) The hostess greeted the 4 of us immediately and we had a table within seconds. It was lunchtime and they were perhaps half full. It was endearing to see them projecting the 1951 movie White Christmas on one wall.

The range of food options was good, and the specialty drinks looked delicious. Being nerdy enought to know that alcohol makes you colder even though you FEEL warmer, we all stuck to coffee, tea, and hot cider. Lunch included a Guiness (beef) casserole with mashed potatoes, chicken hash benedict, and a cheesesteak with fries. All were tasty though just a touch salty. 

Our server was attentive and friendly, so I do not consider him at fault for the food taking quite a while to come up. Given the warm atmosphere inside and the drizzly, windy cold outside, we did not mind the wait, though.
I asked if there was anything vegan on the bar menu and they sent out an entire chef to take care of me. She made an incredible meal, the service was exceptionally exquisite, and the food was genuinely some of the best I've had in Philadelphia.
 Besides making phenomenal cocktails, they made sure all the food was perfect and the chef personally came out and checked several times and even sent out an INCREDIBLE vegan creme brulee.
The actual bar is unreasonably cute with an awesome vibe and the building is gorgeous. All the bartenders were kind, attentive, and fun. I can't say enough about how great this experience was. Especially for vegan and veg friends, this place is a gem but even my non veg guests were DELIGHTED with the experience.
I was here the Saturday the pope came to Philadelphia.. Watched his speech from independence mall. It was a quiet weekend in the city. The burger was great . The fries were good. It wasn't crowded &  I ordered a pumpkin beer on tap. My friend orders a specialty drink she said was a little watered down. The staff is extremely friendly. The decor is beautiful. I need to try this place on a regular day to really catch the vibe
This has two levels, and is always a fun place to end up on a weeknight. BUT, this place is so confusing. They call themselves an Irish Pub, but this is not the place to go if you just want to chill with a drink; it's always crowded, and seating is almost non-existent.

Now, if you came here to dance, then this wouldn't be a problem. The DJ is always good, but now the problem is.... where's the dance floor? Oh, there is none. People just dance in random pockets throughout the place, which can be REALLY awkward because more likely than not you are dancing next to a giant group of standers.

Still, for some reason, this place is always fun. I can't really explain why, but it is.
The Plough has always been one of my go to spots for food, drinks and football (soccer) and rugby matches.   Yesterday I went for dinner and was totally blown away.  The food was always good but last night was fantastic.  Seems the original chef is back and I am impressed.  I had a pork ribeye that was just perfect.  Nicely browned, juicy and very flavorful.  If my mother made pork, it would have been like this.   I ended the meal with my favorite dessert, creme brûlée.  Soft custard and a nicely caramelized top.   

Of course I'll be back.
Ate here for a business lunch with my team. We already had reservations and they even printed a custom menu card for us. We had the choice between 1 app, 1 entree, and a dessert assortment. I close the tomato and more tells salad which was pretty good but more of an appetizer than a salad since it came with pita bread on the side and not many greens. I went with the vegetarian pasta for lunch, tortellini with mushroom and lots of veggies. It was pretty good and definitely a giant portion but nothing too exceptional. The dessert was the best part- the creme brûlée was phenomenal! It also came with a small chocolate raspberry moose that was too rich for my palette. 
The service was good but the waiters would forget who ordered what dish and it took a very long time for my salad to arrive. It could have been organized better. Overall good team lunch! I would come back here for a happy hour.
wayyy too crowded and i don't know why.  the music is alrite..but the crowd is so loud sometimes its hard to even hear the music!  too many yuppie/preppy types here...this isn't my scene.  if you must go - get a spot upstairs so that you have a good view of your surroundings.
In my previous review, I enjoyed my lunch perfectly fine. I stopped by for Brunch this past Saturday and had an excellent experience, and thought it necessary to update the review to reflect my experience.

We got there 10 minutes after they opened (10:30am) and were seated beneath one of the huge windows, pouring in natural light. There was a fire going in the fireplace (or, continually starting/stopping) and the whole mood/ambience was really quiet, casual, and relaxing.

I am usually pretty decisive when it comes to brunch, but had a hard time deciding. There were a number of options on the brunch menu that looked great (full irish breakfast, chicken hash potatoes) and some daily specials that also sounded good (omelet with bacon and onions, lamb burger.) I finally decided on the Vegetable Frittata of the day: with roasted zucchini, onions, asparagus, peppers, and Brie. It was a great choice and perfectly cooked/assembled. The vegetables had a nice roasted quality to them with some charred bits, and the Brie melted into the frittata beautifully.  The side of mixed greens and roasted potatoes were a nice touch. The portions of the sides were on the small side, but the frittata itself was a nice size. I was thrilled with my meal.

My boyfriend ordered the "savory french toast" which he also really enjoyed. The french toast was perfectly crispy and tender, and all of the fixings (eggs, sausage, bacon) were generous in portion size.

Prices were on the normal/low side for brunches in the city (especially Old City).

Our server was really friendly, answered questions for us, and hooked us up with another slice of their delicious homemade breads (seriously delicious.)

The manager (or, who I can assume was the manager) stopped by to ask how everything was. She stopped by another table as well to check in. She seemed to really care how her customers were enjoying their meal.
Note to self: bring Lactaid if you're lactose sensitive like me. It's worth it! The free Irish soda bread to start the meal was so good, filling, and a little sweet. Even better with the butter on top! I asked a lot of questions about how much dairy was in the food, and my server and a manager were both really helpful in answering.

I ordered the following and shared with a friend:
* Lamb lollys - the meat was great with the sauce, but I didn't really care for the potato chips (not that flavorful and not fully fried nor cooked through that much)
* Black Angus Sirloin Burger - would have liked it more without the raw onion, but otherwise I was surprised by how much I liked the burger without any condiments or cheese on it. The buttermilk buns for the burger were really delicious, so I was glad I left the cheese off and didn't push my limits with the Lactaid lol
* Brussel sprouts - they're crispy, there were applewood smoked bacon crumbles, and the balsamic reduction was done perfectly

This may have been my first time at an Irish pub...I'd return and try other things on the menu! It's a cute be great for a date or night out with girlfriends.
Plough is perfect for really any occasion. I often go to grab a drink for happy hour or for going out with friends at night. My fiancé and I met at this bar and decided to have our post-wedding brunch here. We had about 70 people and Plough was really great with organizing this event. We got to have the entire upstairs and they served a sit-down multi course meal. Food was great. Service was slow - but in a good way, it was a great leisurely brunch after a hectic wedding weekend.
The Plough & The Stars is the best Irish pub Philly has to offer - and  when I go to Ireland I'll update my review. Irish accents everywhere; I noticed the Celtic cross & St. Michael the Archangel to name a few. Definitely old school Irish and they mean business - if business means plenty of Guinness, Jameson and traditional Irish eats, that is. 

While you might want to go for traditional Irish fare, it's important to note that everything else I've tried is equally as good (omelette of the day, fish and chips, shepherd's pie, savory french toast, etc.), I also really enjoyed their bloody Mary. My man always gets a Guinness with his meal.

Today we were a party of 13 celebrating a birthday. The menu has a variety of choices suitable for everyone's taste. The staff was nice and accommodating. On our way out someone from our party started taking pictures of all of us, and a man who was seated at the bar downstairs came over and kindly offered to take pictures of us (thank you to the random stranger who got all 13 of us into a great shot!) Overall our service was really good, good food, nice place in a neighborhood that was once the go-to spot in Philly.
Came here for restaurant week, so I can't speak for their standard menu. The wait for the food was remarkably short, which is always appreciated. The locale has two floors of seating, tons of space, and a bar. Service was good and no complaints about the food either.
So, I don't make it out to Old City much these days as I feel that my impending 28th bday puts me at the senior citizen end of the curve for this part of the city. But, I have to admit that I had a really good time at Plough & the Stars. 

Things I liked:

- no cover
- good beer selection (try the ommegang hennepin)
- non-ultra-terrible music - wedding-ish sort of playlist
- crowd was cool - ranged from low- to upper-20's
- good service

Things I disliked:

- having to crowd surf to get to the bathroom (or having to walk through the waitress station to get to the bathroom)

I have to agree with a previous poster that this place definitely gets more fun in a direct correlation with your level of intoxication. It was OK when I got there and the best place ever as I was leaving.

All in all, this was a good experience. But, I think the key was that we had a table. I would not have enjoyed standing around in the crowd the whole night.
Just came here from out of town and will DEFINITELY be back the next time I'm in Philly! 

Ordered the Guinness casserole, and it was FANTASTIC! The beef was a little dry, which was surprising, since the whole entree' is obviously slow-cooked. However, that would NOT stop me from ordering it again! The sauce was amazing, the masked potatoes were fluffy, and the side veggies were great!

Rose, my server, was very attentive and friendly; and made me feel right at home!
The atmosphere was fun and lively, and everyone in the place genuinely seemed to be having a good time.

I'll be back!
Definitely one of the worst bars I've ever been to.

I've given it more than one shot, but here is a brief list of why I don't like it

1. Overpriced for Old City
2. WAY too crowded. They always seem to let in far too many people than they should allow
3. The crowd generally attracts the frat/sororitutes type

I've only gone here at night, so I might give it a shot during the day. But considering other more pleasant bars in the area, I will probably not give this place another shot.
Loved our waiter Tim- he was friendly, personable and great.

The big issue I have is that there is no smoking even outside sitting but there's no consequences to people who smoke and you can smell it from where you're sitting. They need to do a better job controlling the customers who smoke  to make sure that they don't.
We only stopped in to rest our feet and have a drink.
My hubby wanted to try the Pear cider but got an Apple.  Rather than making it right and bringing what he ordered she wanted to take it away and give him the Pear..just leave the wrong one and bring what he ordered!!!
I had the Nutty Irishmen coffe with Bailey's and Frangelico.   It was yummy.
My daughter got  cup of the Seafood Chowder.  Quit tasty!!!
Food was alright and service was good. Nothing crazy impressive but good food and good service. Food was alright and service was good. Nothing crazy impressive but good food and good service.
I love Plough because it serves so many purposes. Great brunch, good happy hour deals, yummy dinner (try the shepherds pie!), and super fun for late night. There always seems to be a crowd but it's never hard to get a drink and everyone that works there is friendly and outgoing. 

In the summer time, it is one of the easier places to grab a table outside on nice days. When its cold out, they have the fire blazing. And with extremely high ceilings and historic windows and architecture it's not bad to look at.

My favorite item on the menu is hands down the buffalo chicken tenders. I don't know what it is about their sauce but it is unbelievable. They also always have 10+ great beers on draft. 

Make sure to try Plough and you will be pleasantly surprised!
This is a great place to relax, get a beer, and watch the game with your friends. The calamari was surprisingly good and crispy, and I really enjoyed the brussel sprouts. The service was also great! Every server that approached us was very personable and nice. 
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's a little overpriced, but overall I really enjoyed my time and liked The Plough and the Stars!
So you've pregamed at a friend's house, had a few shots at the local dive, 17 beers and 3 more shots at your regular bar and had minimal luck at the meeting people game.  All you want to do now is "dance", and when I say dance I mean crash into other drunk people, hoping to capitalize on that golden convergence of intoxication and desperation that happens between 12:45 and 1:30.  You settle on a 42 year old cougar from Jersey.  One star is better than none, right?
The last couple of times I happened to come across here I've had the misfortune of reliving one of those classic tunes that I'd prefer to forget: "Ice Ice Baby". thank you very much Mr. DJ. you ruined the appeal that the place had going for me in 15 minutes flat.
But other then that horrid memory the place can be alright. It's definitely not the first place you should go for a night in Old City. but as everyone else says It's good for when everything else is way to crowded. the alcohol selection is all right at best, the seafood is pretty good and reasonably priced, and it has one of my favorite outdoor eating areas (consider yourself lucky if you score an outdoor table though).
Be forewarned though, this is another bar that borrows an Irish name without living up to it.
This is a gem in a great area of Old City!  I will definitely be back!!  We got the shrimp cocktail and wings to start.  The shrimp was well seasoned and the wings were a 10 on a scale of 1-10.  The wings were meaty with a spicy and tangy sauce that was amazing.  The fish and chips were a popular dish as we saw many people ordering it and decided to go for it.  We see why its so popular!! The fish breading was light and flavorful with crispy fries! The grilled cheese was very disappointing.  The bread was thick but with the small amount of cheese, the sandwich was very dry.  Our waiter was inattentive at times to our table which is why I gave 4 stars.  If your looking for a restaurant that has a good selection of beers, more upscale bar food, and a good atmosphere, this is the place for you!!
Love this place. The food taste great, and the variety is nice. Had Sheppard pie and it's too die for! Lol 
Beer selection by a bottle and can is big so is for the draft. Jen was our server and she is amazing and very knowledgeable about the food and alcohol menu. Place is big and clean. Including restrooms. Good spot for a lunch or after work drinks
I stopped in last weekend for brunch after hearing a lot of good things, but I'm not sure I'll ever go back. 

I'm just going to be blunt: I hate walking into a restaurant and getting a confused look from the hostess. It is your JOB to say hello and show me to my table, not look at me as if to say "Why are you here?"

That seemed to set the tone for the whole meal. We didn't see our server for a long time, and when we finally ordered it felt as if the food took days to come out (the restaurant was NOT busy). When our food finally did arrive, the food runner set our plates down and then produced a bottle of maple syrup out of his shirt pocket which was equally hilarious and disgusting. 

The food was good, though. Not out of this world, but it was tasty and inexpensive and that's all I really ask for. However, the one time our server returned to check on us I had to ask for more coffee, she didn't offer, and no one refilled our water. That just grates on me.

And that cup of coffee? Tiny. Miniscule. Oh, and it cost $3.
Stopped by last night for drinks with friends. It was super packed and noisy (nbd) so we sat outside.. &while outside, it started to rain! On a positive note, the umbrellas actually provided pretty good coverage. Our drinks came super fast. Our waitress was funny and sweet and never once rushed us. Pretty sure her name was Sarah but just to be sure, she had on clear glasses and had long brown hair.. totally recommend her for a great time. I ordered a lemonade with raspberry Smirnoff, it was amazeballs.. def coming back soon!
We stopped by for a late night drink. Most places were closing. They had games being played on the tv outside which was great and the outdoor high top seating is always fun. 

The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I love their fall cocktails. The warm cider with rum was delightful. 

Definitely stopping by again.
Didn't eat here, but partied here for Halloween. I love the architecture inside and would love to come back for food. DJ was good and kept the party going. There's a bar on the main level and upper level so plenty of options. Thanks for a fun night: I will be back for any holiday party they have!
I usually love the Plough, but last night was just unacceptable. My friend and I rolled up to celebrate my 21st birthday and the bouncer without any logical reason, denied both of access inside the bar! It was an OUTRAGE!! 

The bouncer said it was a decision from management but didn't even bother to say why or bring her out. Disgusting. Said my friends looked suspicious outside and wouldn't let me and my friend in when we had two very valid driver licenses. It was 12:00 and I just turned 21! We weren't being rowdy or trying to cause a problem or anything. How can you tell me I can't come in!

This place has been a great hub for me and my buds, but I was really appalled that I couldn't be allowed in for my 21st with no sense or reason why. Really tells you something about management.
Went for brunch yesterday and it was quite good. I had Eggs Benedict (with lump crab meat) and when they came too hard, the server immediately took them back and brought a fresh dish, which was perfect. I should have also ordered a rasher of bacon since I love bacon with eggs - even Eggs Benedict.

Other diners had omelette's (2) and Savory French Toast. Everything was good. They offer a selection of breads before and during the meal, along with Irish butter and preserves. The Irish Coffee and Wasabi Bloody Mary are killers!

Don't go in thinking you are going into an authentic Irish Pub - they have a nice selection of paintings and prints along with Irish music but I've been in better  pubs ( Brendan Neil's in Westlake, OH ). Both bars, upstairs and down look quite nice.

Don't get me wrong - this is a great place for a relaxing brunch and you are minutes from Independence Hall, The Liberty Bell, Carpenters Hall, etc. Since I'm not into the night life scene I would definitely go back to see if they can advance to 4 stars. Definitely worth a try if you are in the city.
I've only ended a few nights at Plough, so I have no idea how it is for the beginning/middle of nightlife. 

The end of the night. Is. Awesome. 

That being said, I'm usually feeling pretty good by the time I get to Plough. One of my friends or I stumble to the bar, order a round, then head to the teensy dance floor to shake it to Top40s and - wait for it - 90's HITS. The inner "Woo Girl" comes out and I find myself singing along to *N'Sync, Britney Spears (before she went all cray-cray then made her comeback), and the Backstreet Boys. I have no shame. 

Excellent way to end the night, every time I've been. WOO!
This bar is now smoke free, but the noise remains.  I like to think of this bar as a place that you go to FIRST before heading out in Old City.  The Lager is a reasonable price and they know how to draw Guinness Properly.  Their liquor selection is also fine and they have competent bartenders.

If you get in early, the host or another staff person is always around to ask if you want to check your coat (for FREE).

From the menu, the fries are great and I'm sure that the rest of the bar menu is great too.  If you actually want to sit down and eat, they have a larger menu and tables to sit at... if you can find one.

This place is warm, and there are fire places, and if you want to watch 'the game' (whatever that may be for the night), they have a long-throw HD projector that shows video on a 15' space on the wall.

When I get here at around 9 PM, the place is basically empty.  You get drinks, have a seat at the bar or at a bar table and start a tab with a server.  Then you let the crowd grow.  By 11 PM  you can't hear the person next to you.  And that's when you leave.
Very nice decor and layout - that said, this place reeks of douchebaggery on the weekends.  Loud DJ playing the same songs you've heard at pseudo clubs for the last decade and a half, drunk sorority girls, bachelor parties, etc.  Maybe I've only been there on bad nights or something but I'm not sure I want to go back.
At the last minute, we decided to go to Philadelphia for St. Patrick's day.  We started out our day at the Plough & the Stars.  If you know me, you know I dislike crowds.  Don't ask me why I agreed to go to Irish places on St. Patrick's day.  Well, I'll tell you...  I was trying to keep the wife slightly happy with me for at least twenty minutes a day.  Eventually I'll work my way up to a half hour without her being disappointed in me...  

Anyways, this place is crowded and people standing everywhere.  There was a breakfast earlier and some of those people were still eating.  I asked fora table to the hostess and was told that people made reservations months ago.  We wanted food and while deciding what to do, we were able to get a high top by the door.  I asked the hostess if we could get food service there and they made it happen!  We ordered food and even let some other people sit at out table with us.  It turned out to be a great experience.  The food was great and they people were too.  Was the best stop on our own St. Patrick's Day crawl.
We were coming from seeing a movie at The Ritz and planned to make our way into the Olde Bar...but for some odd reason it was closed. We wanted food and I remembered The Plough & the Stars from long ago. It used to be better. I was unaware that it becomes a night club on the weekends, which was unfortunate for us. There was a DJ upstairs and young kids getting carded. We had already ordered our food so had to just bear it. The food is barely okay so I was torn between a 3 star review or a two star review so I rounded up. I had the mussels and they definitely tasted like they had been frozen (not fresh) The calamari was rubbery and my order of fries was miniscule. My friend ordered the shepherds pie and said it was just okay. I could be wrong, but I get the vibe that the weekend crowd, anyway, is not locals. I won't be going back. It wasn't my scene and the food was lackluster.
3 and 1/2 stars but per usual I always round up on everything including my bra cup size.

Haters hate on this place big time because a) yes there's usually a line to get in and b) place is jammed on your typical Friday and Saturday nights. But a) I always get my sing and dance on in here and b) inevitably being a single girl I usually find a handsome guy to bat eyelashes at and practice flirting with. If the floor wasn't so sticky from the impressive amount of times people drop their Miller Lites I could maybe even do my MJ dance moves.

To me, this is one of the top 5 bars that rep Old City. Since I'm settling in on the later part of my 20s I usually start somewhere sensible like Triumph but inevitably end the night here jumping up and down to Drop Kick Murphy's and spilling beer all over the kids in the tight outfits and high heels. Like I said: Haters hate.
plough has an awesome beer selection! lots of
different varieties to choose from and friendly
bar staff. the place is huge and very pretty. I was only here on xmas eve for drinks but would love to go back to eat.
Not sure why I keep going back here.

The first time I was here, it was so crowded that I couldn't get ONE drink. The second time I went here my friend stepped on a large piece of glass, I had to rinse her foot under the sink in the ladies room, then pay for a cab to the emergency room so she could get 4 stitches. The third time I went here I got two drinks spilled on me and left with shards of glass in my shoes.

I really want to like this place because it has the potential to be really fun... but I just haven't had that experience yet.

I like to give the benefit of the doubt that I will have a good experience here one day.
