I stopped by the Original Turkey for a late lunch around 3:30pm on Wed.  I'd been looking forward to trying this booth's offerings during my last trip to Philly; however, I ended up visiting RTM for breakfast rather than at my usual time.  This time, given that I visited at my usual time, I knew I couldn't pass up the siren song of freshly roasted turkey, so I stopped by to get my fill.

Given my love of Thanksgiving foods and turkey sandwiches, I opted for the turkey and stuffing sandwich ($9.35).  This sandwich consists of roast turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce on your choice of bread (I chose sourdough white per the suggestion of the guy who served me).  Per my custom, I must qualify this review with the disclaimer that I'm from DE, where Capriotti's bobbie--a sub with a similar composition--reigns supreme, giving me high standards for sandwiches in general, and Thanksgiving-esque turkey sandwiches in particular.  In light of this disclaimer, it may come as a surprise that I would rate the sandwich I received from the Original Turkey above the bobbie in terms of quality (sacrilege, I know!).

The turkey on the sandwich is impressively moist despite a lack of gravy, and I found the thick slices preferable to the shredded turkey that is used on the bobbie.  Both the cranberry sauce and the stuffing were fresher and more flavorful than the versions used on the bobbie, as well.  Finally, the sourdough white bread was airy yet substantial, making for a great envelope for the principal ingredients of the sandwich.  My only criticisms were that the turkey and stuffing were concentrated in the middle of the sandwich, and that one of the slices of bread used for my sandwich contained a substantial hole from an air bubble, allowing cranberry sauce to escape the sandwich onto my fingers.

Needless to say, I was impressed by the Original Turkey's offerings, based on my sandwich.  Service was friendly and efficient, and prices, while a bit high, weren't unreasonable given the quality of the product.  There is a Yelp check-in offer for a free drink with a sandwich order that I was unable to take advantage of due to poor check-in timing, so take note and check in in a timely manner to take advantage of it.  Although it is perhaps one of the less well-known merchants in RTM, the Original Turkey is well worth a try, so if you're a fan of turkey, be sure to check it out!  4.5 stars.
I was in Reading Terminal Market so I decided to give this place another try due to all the good reviews.   I'm glad I did.

My experience was TOTALLY different from the first time.   Mack and CJ were super friendly and helpful.   Since I arrived before the lunch rush I was able to chat with them. 

I had the original turkey which was huge that it fed me for three meals. 

I picked up the Rueben for hubby which he really enjoyed.  He said next time just get him the Ruben.  He ate half at each sitting since it was huge (see my pic)

I'm glad I gave this place another try.  I was not disappointed. 

I'll be back
Solid experience from The Original Turkey yesterday. Options are fairly limited, which is actually great because it helps to keep the line moving. The line was maybe ten people deep when I jumped on and it moved pretty quickly. 

I ordered the turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomato and choice of cheese. I opted for rye and asked for one slice of swiss - no mayo. I also asked for toasted bread. Turns out, if you want toasted, they just pop your sandwich onto a press. I like that! I also got a small side of coleslaw and some pickles. The coleslaw was a bit mayo-heavy for my liking but I did enjoy the sweet taste with the saltiness of the pickles. All together I think my order was in the neighborhood of nine dollars and I can definitely get on board with that.
[882]

I was in Reading Terminal Market and hubby wanted a turkey sandwich.  I usually go to Hershels for his food (next door) but I figured this place sells turkey so it HAS to be amazing. 

The staff was rude and not friendly so that was turn off.

I ordered the sandwich special and the turkey on my sandwich was light.  The one next door was much more meatier.   No pickle.  I hate to compare but it's the next booth.

The sandwich was just OK to me/us.

I'm sad I didn't pick Hershels that day.

I won't be back.
"Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world [I decided to get 3/4 lb of turkey from The Original Turkey at Reading Terminal Market]"

Reading Terminal Market is a foodie haven. There's all sorts of everything to choose from. There's pretzels, there's Peking Duck, there's donuts, and churros... all the Philly staples you could imagine from Roxbourough to Bridesburg. BUT... there's not a TON of food for someone who is on a strict diet haha. I'll just say that. 

So I went around the market Yelping the crap out of all of the stalls. And I'm about in the middle when I come across the Original Turkey and it's one of the first ones to come up with 4.5 stars and a solid number of reviews. 

So I made a mental note and moved along, yelp yelp yelping. Come to find out that the Original Turkey is one of the highest rated businesses in Reading Terminal Market. And I found out exactly why. 

I asked the gentlemen behind the counter if they sold just the turkey by the pound, as their menu is made up of turkey sandwiches, bowls, salads, etc - and he gave me a resounding yes. So I order a 1/2 a pound of turkey... no wait... I stop him... 3/4 of a pound. He expertly carves up 3/4 lb of a turkey, put it in a little black tray and passes it onto the cashier. I think I paid something like 8-10 dollars for it. 

It was D-FREAKIN-LICIOUS. I can imagine this turkey on anyone of their sandwiches is just awesome. 

But me... I just ate it with a fork. I went to my car... ate about half. Then I went over and parked under the Love Park where there was an xmas market... and polished off the other half. 

Totally happy, totally satiated. I mean... I know. Out of all of the epic things you could get out of Reading Terminal... I got this. But ya know what... I'm not apologizing to noone. Cause that turkey was unapologetically delicious, and I would get it again in a heartbeat. 

Happy Thanksgiving lol.
I am confident when I say this this turkey was the best I have had to date. 

My best friend and I decided we wanted to go check out the Philly Flower show this year and it was conveniently located at the convention center rite across the street from Reading Market so naturally this is where we planned on coming for lunch. 

When you walk into the market all the smells hit you and you can easily become distracted from the plan at hand but not this time we were on a mission to get to The Original Turkey. My bestie ordered up her dinner sandwich and I opted for the lunch box. Both items were constructed with the utmost care and assembled absolutely perfectly. We paid and found a seat to go dig in. The turkey was cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth the moment it graces the tastebuds. The gravy is perfect and silky and the mashed potatoes and corn were just rite. My friend devoured her sandwich and was smiling for the rest of the day because of it. 

I absolutely can not wait to bring my boyfriend back here to come check out The Original Turkey!
Hand-carved, big chunks of hearty, juicy hot turkey. What's not to love???
My staple order: the Club. All that turkey goodness in between artisan bread, with lettuce, tomatoes, and bacon. Bacon makes everything better. As does mayo, so I add a whole lot of that too.

I'm now salivating... somebody get me one of those sandwiches!
Imagine what it would be like if Boston Market was actually good. You can make that dream a reality at The Original Turkey!

I stopped here to grab an early dinner (because the market closes at 6). It was hard to choose from all of the options in the market but I picked TOT because I like turkey, I like thanksgiving and I had eaten some donuts at Beiler's and everyone knows that lean protein erases donut calories. It's science, duh. 

Anyway, all they serve is turkey so you'd best like that. All the meat comes from real birds - not that nasty loaf crap. You'll see the friendly staff slice you order fresh, just for you. Get a piled high sandwich, or grab a "plate" which is what I did. Because I love Thanksgiving on a hot, smelly day in downtown Philly I opted for mashed potatoes (good) and stuffing (good but too salty). It was a giant pile of food covered in a very good gravy and served with fresh basked bread. The actual turkey was 5 stars for sure! 

Super nice staff, super good freshly roasted turkey. Get you some and be Thankful any day if the year!
I am a terrible foodie. With all the amazing places to try in Reading Market, I went back to The Original Turkey today for lunch for the second day in a row. And I ordered the same exact thing. 

Look - there's nothing special about this. If you get the 2-side platter, it's a typical Thanksgiving meal. I got turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, and it came with gravy and cranberry sauce. The meal TOTALLY transports you to Thanksgiving. I think the reason why I like it so much is because this meal is a once a year thing. It's special. And The Original Turkey has made it accessible for every day eating. 

No fifth star because just like most Turkey-day meals, nothing they served me was anything beyond ordinary. Sure, the meal provides an experience- nostalgia - and that's why they get the 4th star. But my sides... just plain. But I still liked it. The star on the plate was... DUH, the Turkey! Yum! 

If I lived here, I would eat at the Original Turkey every day until I got tired of it. Luckily they have a couple of great menu items (turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sandwich? Yeah!) that I'd love to try. 

It's worth a visit!
This is strictly a turkey shop, but wow does it do turkey well. Of all the homemade Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners, along with the many other places I've eaten turkey, I don't think I've ever had anything quite like what they do here. It's the most succulent and juicy slices of turkey (and possibly of any kind of meat) that I've ever tasted. It just falls apart in your mouth, literally. The sides are fantastic as well - the mac and cheese is the real thing, the corn tastes like it is fresh of the cob and is a tinge sweet, and the mashed potatoes...well, they're mashed potatoes slathered with a whole lotta gravy on them. How can you go wrong? Even though I've been to Reading Terminal many times now, I've only been here once. I'll definitely be coming back whenever I'm back in Philly next.
There's at least fifty places to grab lunch at Reading Terminal, and yet this is the place I keep coming back to every time.  And I go to Reading Terminal probably two or three times a month.

Enormous portions at a reasonable price.  Excellent sups and sides and even the bread is pretty tasty.  But really, the Original Turkey does - and must - live and die by the quality of its turkey, and this turkey is just phenomenal.  In a place where the usual fare includes cheesesteaks, ribs, and shoo-fly pie, its nice to have an option that offers tons of taste with a little less saturated fat.  So try it out the next time you're at the Terminal, you won't be disappointed.
The Turkey Sandwich. It's not something that many would even think twice about as you cycle through the Reading Terminal Market with the hundreds of options and specialty foods you'll pass along the way. It's something that we've eaten countless times in our lives, but is often a forgettable experience. However, if you're willing to give Original Turkey a try, I guarantee that you'll remember your experience for years to come.

During a recent visit to Philly, I was in need of a quick lunch and I was in the area of the Reading Terminal Market. After a look at the long lines at most of the iconic booths in the market, I saw a mostly open counter at The Original Turkey. I asked the employees for a recommendation and they told me to go with the Original Turkey Sandwich, which came heaped with succulent pieces of turkey, lettuce, white onion, and a creamy parmesan dressing served on white bread. I wish that I could adequately explain the perfection of this sandwich, but anything that I could write would pale in comparison to the objective deliciousness of this dish. It was simple, perfectly balanced, and incredibly fresh. This is not something that should be missed on any visit to Reading Terminal Market or the city of Philadelphia, as a whole.
It's one of the weirder parts of the Reading Terminal Market, and in a place that sells chocolate-covered onions that's saying something.  But it's a different kind of weird, not just having a few quirky products.

The Original Turkey offers a turkey dinner for lunch.  Sure, they have sandwiches and soup and the like but I can get those anywhere.  But here, for under twelve bucks, you can get turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and a drink.  They throw in a slice of bread for good measure if you ask nicely.

Their servings are huge; enough that the aforementioned platter will make both me and my girlfriend rather full by the time we finish.  The food itself is not particularly exotic or fancy, it's simple, homestyle cooking, but that's probably why I love it.

One of my favorite parts: they always manage to serve us quickly; even during busy hours there's not a long wait.  Given that this is the RTM it often takes longer to find a free table than to actually get the food.
Went to lunch here a few days ago since I was in the area. The Reading Terminal Market already has a plethora of options and something for everybody. First off I'd like to say the staff is phenomenal.  They work together to get the line moving as quickly as possible. Shout out to the tall guy who was really patient and nice.  I got myself a platter with mash potato and gravy, macaroni and cheese with their signature slice ( or two ) of turkey. I enjoyed my meal and overall experience here. 

Tip: avoid the lunch crowd if you can as its central to a lot of offices nearby.
This was my first Redding Terminal crush! Moist turkey Breast! The best bread ever with 4 choices. Bread and turkey sliced to order. The Thanksgiving sandwich with cranberry and stuffing is the Classic day after the holiday special available everyday they are open. The BLT turkey club is amazing but I love the Turkey special on marble rye. A pickle and a bag of chips and it's off to the races.
I randomly got a sandwich here on a Sunday because the line Was short and I got a Turkey club and it was AMAZING! The bread was so soft and fresh, the Turkey was not stingy and perfectly cooked. It was a great Turkey sandwich, my only tip would be able to add something spicy. I need my hot peppers or hot sauce
Another gem in the Reading Terminal Market.  

Before I begin I have to say the hustle and bustle of the market always made me uneasy prior to visiting for the first time.  Now I can't get enough. There is just so much going on.  I often thought everyone there must be a true local.  This is not the case; it is loaded with tourists who came a lot further than me to grab a guilty pleasure of a meal.  

So on my last visit I ordered the Spring Garden sandwich, and my friend ordered the Turkey Reuben.  We ended up trading each other half of our sandwiches because we argued with each other which one was better.  This place rocks.  I was so impressed with the food.  It was the best turkey sandwich ever.  I think the Turkey Reuben actually was better, but don't tell my friend, I hate it when they know they are right.  

If you are in town for a convention, or if you have regular business in the city, put this landmark of an eatery on your list to try along with my other pics.  I really do think that there are more good eateries per square foot in the Reading Terminal Market than anywhere else in the city.
My co-worker suggested I try this place and their turkey steak, which he said was like there version of a Cheesesteak.  My expectations were at least a close version but it did not meet my standards. I'm not a big veggie fan so the flavor was a little much and I did not really taste the cheese. Plus Turkey is usually a more mild taste compared to beef , so I felt the flavor did not hit the mark. 

The sandwich was good overall but I felt it was not that special. I skipped breakfast but the meal was pretty filling. I plan to visit again and try their sandwich with mashed potatoes because at least it'll be a different experience and taste.
good place for lunch.  the turkey is very very good, not dry at all.  I had the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce---it was excellent.  I would come back here again.
Word to the wise, skip the sides.  They are horrible and really a waste of money.  However, the turkey itself is really terrific.  The turkey is juicy and tender... served hot.... its excellent!  There was a line but it moved quickly.  If you are in the mood for some great turkey this is the spot... just do not eat the sides or it will ruin the overall experience.
Got the turkey - stuffing - cranberry sandwich. Tasted pretty good, though I think I actually prefer Wawa's gobbler when it is available. Size was not that big, though I appreciated being able to walk out of the market under my own power. Really not much to say. Would probably go to the rueben store next door next time I am in the mood for a sandwich.
The first thing that stands out about The Original Turkey is that a giant bird is being carved at all times. You are assured that you are getting real, fresh turkey.   I have often passed by The Original Turkey in Reading Terminal, but it wasn't until I noticed they serve up a Thanksgiving sandwich, called the Stuffin' Cranberry, that my notice turned into desire.I chose rye bread for my sandwich, which was thickly cut and supported the hefty contents. The cranberry sauce was probably the canned kind, but sometimes thats just as satisfying than some gussied up, walnut -orange zested version. The stuffing was just a few notches above what comes in the Wawa Gobbler. But the turkey is of noticeably better quality. Plus they pile on the meat; the sandwich did not appear exceptionally large, but with the amount of good stuff packed in there, you will be approaching Thanksgiving-level full. While this is not going to compare to the giant juicy turkey my aunt lovingly roasts for me on Thanksgiving, the slices of white meat are a decent alternative to hold me over until I get to her place. For under $8, The Original Turkey offers the Thanksgiving experience in a sandwich all year round.
I'm so impressed by the quality of turkey here! I had one of the best turkey sandwiches at this small booth. Despite the fact that huge amount of people coming to the Reading Terminal market everyday, the line of the Original Turkey moves very fast. It's very customer oriented where there's only one line (not confusing at all comparing to some of the other booths), and you would be able to get your food without waiting after you paid at the end of the counter. $10 spending qualifies for the parking validation of up to $5 for the 2-hour parking in the next door parking structure. 

I'm a huge fan of moisturized, soft, juicy, and tender turkey. This place had perfect seasoning that I was expecting for. I asked for the combination of skin and meat. The staff were very thoughtful and asked me if I want to have the skin on top of the sandwich or on the side. I didn't want to the sandwich to be soggy, so I asked to be on the side. You do have to cut the skin by yourself to pieces because it was a large chunk. Comparing to the standard meat, I prefer the skin because it was so juicy, delicious, and cooked to perfection. 

Turkey was already healthy enough, but I love the fact that there's vegetables on top of the turkey steak sandwich - onions and peppers. Love this place! One of the my favorite booths here at the Reading Terminal market. Now, I'm debating if I should order my Thanksgiving turkey here even though I won't be in Philly during the holiday.
The Turkey Steak is an impressive alternative to the Philly Cheesesteak. 

This sandwich is not anything like a cheesesteak. But it is excellent. The bread is soft and chewy. The peppers and onions are cooked in a savoury sauce. The turkey is plentiful and perfectly juicy and tender. And lying deep beneath all these bits is a layer of cheese and chipotle mayo. 

It all comes together very nicely. And while you get a very heavy hoagie experience, you don't get quite the one-dimensionaly gut bomb that is a Philly Cheesesteak.
Verdict: The alpha and the onega of turkey. So good.

The real star of the show at the market. Go here for the Turkey Steak and be amazed. My family and I were deciding where to eat. It can be a tough choice at the market. Then, the gentleman at aThe Original Turkey gave us a sample. 

The decision immediately became far less tough. Something else that wasn't at all tough was that turkey. Quite the opposite, my friend. This meat was more tender and juicy than possibly any turkey I'd had before. I've had some good ones too.

If you don't believe me, read the other reviews. You don't get the level of positive reviews on Yelp without having something special.
I decided to go for this on my last trip here. The boy was getting a burger next door. I looked over and suddenly was overcome with a turkey craving. This isn't usually a place I frequent when I come to the market so I figured, why not? 

The good part is that they give you a ton of food for your money. I don't eat a lot due to my surgery so this will make good leftovers. 

It was turkey, stuffing, corn, and cranberry sauce for me. The corn was really sweet and wonderful. And I liked the cranberry sauce so much that I considered getting more to take home for Thanksgiving. 

The turkey and the stuffing were good enough. But honestly, it didn't feel to me like it was better than anything I could have gotten at Boston Market. Maybe the turkey is a little higher quality and it's a great amount of it. But the stuffing didn't have as much flavor as I would have liked. 

I get why many are fans. Maybe I just am too hard to impress.
It is good but the Dutch Eating Place  was  closed and it wasn't as good as theirs. (at least the time I tried  it)  But  it  is good not  dry! I would not hesitate to eat there again. The portions are generous and the price is  reasonable.
What's up, turkey? Oh you're up in the club? I've enjoyed a turkey club from The Original Turkey, and I'd do it again. I'd do it again, my friend.
The bird's not dry!

Based on some stolen bites of "the special," with Russian dressing, I could go that way too. But I really am a turkey club person. 

Sometime, if you want a nice real turkey sandwich for yourself, see about the OG Turkey. Lunchie!
This place is freaking good. It's like Thanksgiving every day at The Original Turkey. They have awesome Turkey plates with good sides and some banging sandwiches, all for a great price.

I got a platter with three sides for about $10. I mean, really, where do you get a great meal for $10 these days. At this The Original Turkey, that's where!

The Turkey and gravy were yummy, though I could have used more gravy. The mashed potatoes were just right. The stuffing was pretty good. Cranberry sauce was done well. The veggies were veggies.

I was a little mad that they were out of mac n cheese. It was my number one side, and it was out. Man. Boo. Whatever. Good meal though.
When you think of turkey, you probably think of dry meat that needs loads of salt to add flavor. Right? Not here!!!!! This turkey is so juicy! So flavorful! So delicious! I can't stop thinking about it. I got the turkey club with honey mustard. It had fresh lettuce, thick juicy tomatoes, crispy bacon and the turkey piled high! My hubby got a pastrami sandwich from some place else but ended up eating half of my sandwich because it was so much better. Don't skip this place! You will not be disappointed! I promise!!!!!
Tried this place out for the first time. If it weren't for reading the positive yelp reviews, it would've been easy to miss this spot among the sea of multiple vendors at the Reading Market. I was tempted to get the dinner sandwich, but instead opted for a 3 side turkey plate. As stated in other reviews, the turkey is indeed some of the most tender and juicy I have ever tasted. They slice the turkey into rather thick, coarse slices, and typically this would be dry, tough meat that's difficulty to chew. Not the case here. Gravy was flavorful and great with the turkey and mashed potatoes. Price is not cheap, but considering the amount of food you get for the price, is a decent deal. Two people shared the 3 side platter and we still had leftovers. Thumbs up for this place, and looking forward to trying other sides when I'm in the mood for a Thanksgiving meal any time of the year!
Amongst the mayhem that is lunch at the terminal there is something so soothing waiting for you at the original turkey, year long Thanksgiving! Almost everyone looks forward to thanksgiving because of the food (and family stuff of course) but now you can have the THANKSGIVING DINNER SANDWICH!! It's a hoagie roll loaded with turkey, gravy, mashed potatoes, stuffing and cranberry sauce, why this hasn't been done before I don't know, but I'm in heaven now that I've found it!! 

Everything made there in house and the portions are strong, so strong you'll want to see the lions lose to the packers when your finished and then take a nap, just like regular thanksgiving! We also had a turkey platter with Mac n cheese, green beans and mashed potatoes and gravy. They gave us a side of the bread as well as the cranberry which is a must is included in he price, no nickel and diming here! 

Realistically the only bad thing is you cannot retire after your lunch to a sofa for a nap, other than that it's the perfect turkey meal.
When I walked by and saw a girl carving a hot, juicy, roasted turkey, I started thinking about Thanksgiving, how far away it felt, and how delicious a big turkey meal would taste right about then.  I pretty much stopped caring about the other food options at Reading Terminal and even though it was lunch hour and the line was long, I hopped in.  Thankfully, the line moved quickly (it took a lot longer to find a place to sit afterwards). 

I ordered a one side platter for $9, which came with the oh-so-juicy carved turkey, cranberry sauce, creamy gravy, a thick slice of bread, and one side (I chose the stuffing).  I could have eaten the whole platter (which was a lot of food), but I was thinking about the calories and gave my husband a generous sample.  All that remained were a couple of lettuce leaves they'd added for color.

I dropped a star because the cranberry sauce looked suspiciously like the canned variety, but it tasted fine.  I would definitely go back for more, but perhaps at an off hour so I can actually sit and enjoy the food without other terminal patrons lurking like vultures for my seat.
I've been here twice now, and I can confidently say that the Stuffin' Cranberry is the bees knees. Freshly carved turkey, warm stuffing and sweet cranberry sauce. Delicious.

If you come during peak lunch hours, expect a wait. If you come before they close, your bread might not be available. Keep these things in mind.
OMG! Have you ever been given food and thought about asking that person to marry you?
 I got the bacon turkey sandwich and it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time. 

Also if you like them on yelp they will send you a yelp deal. That is very cool.  This place is just good bottom line!
The club is one of the freshest clubs I've had from a sandwich shop, the fresh hand-carved turkey just takes every meal to another level.  The bacon was so crispy and every ingredient tasted fresher than the last.  The bread was delcious too, soft and thick slices just perfect for this sandwich.  (It's not hard to find a great roll in Philly, but finding fresh-baked bread could be a challenge sometimes)

The only thing that takes away from my experience is there was no middle slice of bread and nothing was toasted, which I think is key to a club sandwich.  The customer service is so great here, I'm sure next time I stop by they would have no problem honoring my request to make this club sandwich even better.
My mouth was watering as I waited in line at Original Turkey, watching the juiciest turkey I've ever seen being cut for the sandwiches of people in line in front of me. Original turkey also has a variety of Turkey sandwiches and wraps on display to tempt the palate. I opted for a turkey salad wrap. It did not disappoint. It was stuffed with plenty of juicy pieces of Turkey and delicious. I'm always happy when I find yet another gem in Reading Terminal to add to the lunch rotation.
Stopped recently as I was in town for the Flower show and the Terminal came highly recommended. After looking around, my friend and I chose this place as Turkey sounded really good. The guys preparing food kind of ruined our experience as they basically ignored us, after finally getting our order in and made, the lady who checked us out was really nice and saved the day. Our sandwiches were great, I have to be honest the food is just delicious and probably one of the best Turkey sandwiches I've had in a long time so am glad we tried. If you like Turkey, I highly recommend this counter at the Terminal, Delicious!
Best turkey sandwiches in the city! They have delicious turkey sandwich and wrap specialties and you can create your own if you wish. They also have turkey platters and different sides to pick from. I usually order the specialties they have for the day and they have never let me down. The meat is very fresh and tasty and once you have a turkey sandwich here you can't enjoy it anywhere else! They get really busy at lunch time but the line goes pretty quickly. 

Tip: check in on Yelp they have an offer for a free drink with a sandwich!
For the GF's go-to work lunch, she typically heads to The Original Turkey, which I've never had the pleasure of trying. So on a recent weeknight, she decided to pick up a few turkey reubens for dinner - essentially her go-to sandwich.

Turkey Reuben ($8.50)
Turkey, Swiss, Russian dressing, Cole slaw

Takeout for dinner was apparently not as good as during lunch. Still, I enjoyed the flavors and quality ingredients. The thick-cut roasted turkey was moist and the cole slaw was nicely creamy with bite. The sandwich could have done with an extra dousing of Russian dressing or another dollop of the cole slaw. The Swiss was also lost in the mix. As per the GF, apparently during lunch, the sandwich is overflowing. 

I would definitely hit up The Original Turkey the next time I'm at Reading Terminal. I'd imagine any of their turkey platters or stuffing would be on point as well.
We stopped at Reading Terminal Market for lunch and my wife stopped here for a Turkey sandwich meal. They cut the turkey right off the bone and its good and moist!  The potatoes were real too! Even the bread was fresh. They were also very quick and there was plenty of seating.
First of all, the portions are huge. 
Second, the people at the booth are super nice. 
Third, the turkey is TO DIE FOR. It's basically what you wish your Thanksgiving turkey tasted like all around. The roasted turkey was very tender and not tough at all. 

Why the three stars then? I wasn't super impressed by the sides. The stuffing was pretty dry. The mac & cheese... was possibly worse than Kraft. It was just so dry and flavorless. I know, I know, it's been sitting under a heat lamp for hours but still. So, so bland. If you're here, just go for the greens instead as a side. 

DO get the cranberry sauce and gravy - so good with the turkey!
I had a stuffing cranberry turkey sandwich on sour bread. It was okay, but I've definitely had better. The flavors of each didn't really stand out too much.
There's a line for a reason. Solid fresh turkey sandwiches. Wouldn't recommend the cran as it comes from a can but otherwise it is a nice option for reading terminal.
Great place for a down-home turkey dinner. Turkey, gravy, sides and cranberry sauce. Nothing special, but they do it extremely well and aren't too pricey. This got me through my first, lonely Thanksgiving and Christmas in Philly!
This is hands down my favorite place in the market. The turkey rueben (8.50) is one of my top five sandwiches that I've ever eaten in my life, and after living in Philly for two years, and eating this sandwich probably over 20 times, I'm STILL not tired of it. The people there are very nice and quick, and they never mind giving me a big cup of iced water.

I recommend this place to everyone that asks where to go in the overwhelming maze that is Reading Terminal. You cannot go wrong with this sandwich!
The sandwiches here are amazing.  I love the open-faced with gravy or the special with coleslaw and Russian dressing.  If you're a fan of delicious roast turkey, this is the place.  The slow-roasted meat is very fresh, tender and succulent, and that's what makes the difference between the sandwiches here and those at the deli.
The people are nice, the food is good and there was no hell-ish line to wait in.  No rules, you can get whatever you want and it's easy to order.  I ended up with a half of a provolone cheese sandwich with some veggies and I loved it.  I loved it bc it was just good.  Just good food without a bunch of fanfare.  Definitely going back.
I was at Reading Terminal the other day and decided to try a sandwich here. I was pleasantly surprised. I got the half sandwich combo, and it was the perfect amount. Not too small like I thought it might be. It was very affordable and I left quite satisfied. Yum!! I can't wait to go back again.
Monday at noon at Reading Terminal Market  when the flower show opens across the street. Chaos.
My mission was to find something healthy for lunch, but it also had to taste good. Solution. The Original Turkey.
Real turkey breast, lettuce, tomato, aka vegetables, swiss cheese, mayo on wheat bread.  The portions were large, and the sandwich tasted great. And it wasn't necessary to loosen my belt when I was done. I call that a win win.
The "special" sandwich from Original Turkey may be my favorite sandwich OF ALL TIME. It's a turkey, cole slaw, and special/russian style dressing sandwich. I eat it every time I go to Reading Terminal Market. The most difficult part of eating anywhere in Reading Terminal is finding a seat so you might be better off walking outside and sitting in the mini-stone plaza.
Good sandwich, but probably wouldn't eat there twice.  Definitely over priced.  I had a sandwich, and two small sides and paid $17.50.  Perhaps I didn't order the right thing. Upside: The Mac and cheese was delicious. Friendly staff. Quick service.
Pre-determined combinations are available, but you can also build your own masterpiece around the central theme of turkey.

The hoagie option is only $1 more for a considerably bigger portion than the already-generous normal sandwiches. The turkey is fresh and delicious and the sandwiches travel well if you want to take them for a picnic in the city.
You would be hard pressed to find a comparable turkey sandwich in the area. I take everyone who visits to the reading terminal, and highly recommend this place. The turkey is melt in your mouth good, and combined with either the thanksgiving toppings (stuffing and cranberry) or simply lettuce and honey mustard it is to die for. 

Plus, they are cheap and quick, so you can avoid waiting in line for a long amount of time.
If you are in the mood for turkey this is the place to go to when in the reading terminal.  Fresh warm turkey sliced right off the breast in front of you.  Amazing rye bread, warm stuffing, cheese, bacon , lettuce, tomato and cranberry sauce all on one sandwich.   I don't remember what it is called so I'm calling it the thanksgiving special.  For those who know me thanksgiving isn't one of my favorite holidays nor is turkey for that matter but this sandwich is fabulous.
Thanksgiving during covid was stressing me out a lot.  Who wants to make a whole turkey and sides for two?!  A lot of the take out/order ahead options were really pricey...in comes the saving Grace- The Original Turkey!  A pound of hand carved turkey breast, two sides, gravy and cranberry sauce for $27?!  You can't beat it and it was SO good!   The turkey was moist and flavorful and actually was the best turkey we've had for thanksgiving in years (sorry mom!). The mashed potatoes were great.  The stuffing was made from sourdough bread, which isn't my thing, but the flavors other than the bread was good.  The cranberry sauce was good as well and was mopped up by my picky toddler.  The guys working there were super nice too!  The meal for 2 is a regular option so I'll definitely be back when we're craving some comfort food and don't feel like cooking.  Thanks for making this quarantine thanksgiving a tasty, stress free one!
Delicious hand cut turkey sandwiches. One of my favorites is the turkey dinner sandwich. Reminds me of thanksgiving left overs. Absolutely delicious and a must try.
Very possibly the single best Turkey sandwiche I've ever had. This business was brought to my attention by a friend who needed to buy lunch for a number of clients recently. Everyone commented how great their lunch was. I ended up eating here 3 times during the week I was in town. 

They offer their selections several ways, all of which begin with fresh roasted turkey which is still warm when served.  A simple turkey platter with 2 sides (Mac n cheese, string beans, mashed potatoes, stuffing and other options), a regular turkey sandwich with or without cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, etc, an elaborate sub with mashed potatoes, stuffing, gravy,  cranberry sauce and turkey as well as several other preparations.  Each of these can be made with multiple choices of cheeses, breads and spreads.

The counter is set up so that you can watch them make your meal. There is often a line so don't expect to be in and out in 2 minutes. The prices are reasonable for the quality they serve. I will absolutely be going back next time I'm in town.  I never thought I would get this excited over a turkey sandwich.  LOL
Well it's probably sacrilege to say but I think I had my best Philly sandwich here and it wasn't even steak! I had their Turkey Steak with parmesen and Chipotle sauce, peppers and onions and thick cuts of amazing turkey. God it was soooo good I was very happy with my choice. The bread was fresh and lightly buttery and the entire sandwich was out of this world. My buddy ordered their dinner sandwich with large cuts of turkey, mashed potatoes and gravy and cranberr sauce and was equally impressed by how good his food was. The reading terminal market is already and awesome plafe and the original turkey just makes it better! Can't wait to come back to Philadelphia and try something else they make!
For some unknown reason, there is never a large crowd or line at the Original Turkey, which I think is awesome, but also a shame, because this place is totally legit. The guys working there are fast and professional, and they seem to delight in carving up turkey and giving you heaping portions on plates or sandwiches, all fairly quick. Not sure if there is a more tasty combo than turkey, dressing, and cole slaw on rye. Maybe it's a good thing I don't live anywhere near PA, or I would be eating there all the time ...
I went for the first time a few weeks ago and it was delicious. I loved the turkey steak. The turkey is freshly sliced, the roll is great, and the price is very reasonable (around $10). Everyone working behind the counter was friendly and the wait was not long AT ALL, especially for a Friday at lunchtime!
Is it Thanksgiving already? This place has fresh carved turkey on demand. The turkey club is amazing. This is one of the best places in the terminal. I will be stopping in here again when I'm in town.
Summary:  I had the most memorable, flavorful and tender turkey I've ever had, in the energetic and fun environment of the Reading Terminal Market at Original Turkey.  It was DELICIOUS and had healthy options, and I would easily go back the next time I'm in Philly.


At the end of a trip to Philly with my brother, we stopped by the Reading Market Terminal to grab some food before we split ways.  After surveying the options, this one looked like it had tasty healthy food.  And my oh my did it over deliver.
I ordered a platter (less than $15) with three sides: two of the spinach, one of the green beans.  It came with a slice of whole wheat bread and a pickle.  I also ordered an extra half a pound of turkey for the road ($7).
The spinach was GREAT: soft with great garlic flavor, not oversalted. It went really well with the moist and savory turkey and the fresh whole wheat (sourdough?) bread...so I made a small sandwich of those three.
The green beans were also flavorful.
The staff was also friendly and accommodating.
Ok..I am a fan of Dinic's. My daughter wanted turkey. She had the florentine griller and i tried as well.  It is excellent. Liked it so much we went back for another two days later.
Due to COVID, I wasn't able to make it home for thanksgiving. Figured that I should have some turkey due to the holidays. I remembered this place at Reading Terminal right by the middle of the market. I'll admit that I havent tried their food since my thought was that it's just turkey, how different can it be. Boy was I wrong. Their turkey is moist and flavorful. I see that a lot of people order a lunchbox which is actually a good deal considering the amount of food that is offered. I know where to get my turkey fix now and forever.
I came all the way to Philadelphia to have a thanksgiving meal?  I sure did and I would do it again!  My Asian-American family doesn't do thanksgiving the traditional American way so it leaves me with a void deep in my stomach.  When I first walked by this place I saw the big piece of cooked turkey waiting to get in my belly but I resisted. There's no way it could be good, I thought to myself.  I left without trying it and thought about it that night as I was looking at yelp.

After reading all the reviews, I decided I couldn't go another day without having a turkey plate.  I am so glad I went back because the turkey was succulent and moist.  The sides all looked good so I tried the mac n cheese, bell peppers & onions, and the turkey stuffing.  Everything was great.  It wasn't out of this world good but it's a decently affordable non-holiday holiday meal.
One of my all time favorites.
Pure white juicy tender turkey.tons of healthy sides. Great mashed potatoes.very clean .huge servings ..as good as mom's 
.good breads .all super fresh .way better then Boston  market n I'm a fan of them.
 surprisingly very good option for catering for holidays ..way cheaper an easier then super market  and they deliver thru grub hub I believe ..a real must for any turkey lovers..
This is our absolute go-to in Reading Terminal Market.  I am not a turkey fan - I strongly dislike (hate) it.  The Original Turkey is the exception - how they manage to make this bird taste so good is beyond me.  

I have tried several of their sandwiches, but my favorite is the Reuben.  It's got all the flavors of a Reuben (maybe more of a Rachel) but is unique with the combination of slaw, sauce, and TURKEY!  

As for sides, you can't go wrong with mashed potatoes and gravy - just the right amount of salt and a lot of flavor.  

There are very few places I would put on my list of places to eat at every day (if I had to pick) and this is definitely one of them.  I highly recommend stopping in to see them if you're in the Market - you can't go wrong with one of their turkey sandwiches.
