When looking for some English food - and yes the Brits do some really tasty pub food - look no further than the Victoria Freehouse.  This Old City pub is a branch of the Haddonfield NJ British Chip Shop except here they serve local and English ales. The food is def pretty authentic and the menu reads like a classic of every English pub menu....think fish 'n chips, Scotch egg, bangers 'n mash, kedgeree, Cornish pasty, steak 'n onion pie etc.  At brunch in the Victoria Freehouse recently, I enjoyed one of my favorite dishes from the days when I was a schoolboy in England - Bubble and Squeak - which is kind of like an Austrian Tirolean gröstl. It is also served with an egg (I had it over easy) but the rashers are served on the side rather than mixed in.  A well-drawn pint of Duck-Rabbit amber ale substituted nicely for orange juice!  

So when you have a hankering for Bubble and Squeak or Bangers 'n Mash, you know where to head!

Tip - This is a Liverpool Football pub.  During Liverpool matches, it is jammed.  At other times if you wear Liverpool red, I'm sure you'll get special treatment!
I hate to give them 1 star especially after reading how other yelpers love this place but I didn't find anything to like them for.

Came here on a Thursday night to take advantage of old city eats. As soon as you walk in it feels like you're in the wrong place. It gives you a library or a quiet antique store feel. The next thing that hits you is the weird smell. I said it smelled like feet but my bf said it smelled like kitty litter (I've never smelled kitty litter so I'll stick to the feet smell). The restaurant was pretty empty. No one at the bar and only two tables were occupied. We took a seat at the bar and waited quite some time for help. There was only one employee working, he was responsible for the bar, the tables, bringing out food etc...

When I asked what their old city eats specials were (the reason why we were there). We were told it ended at 7pm. This was confusing since the old city eats website says these specials run from 5-8pm and it was 7:15pm. I informed the server/bartender that the site says it's until 8pm and he said that they were done for the night with the specials.

We contemplated staying regardless but between the weird vibe, the smell, and false advertisement we decided to take out business elsewhere. Would I come back here even for specials? No, I can't get past the smell.
Maybe it's because I'm a slightly homesick Brit, but I LOVE this place!  

We came here on a Friday night.  It was cosy and had a nice hum without being too crowded.  We shared a large fish and chips between two, with sides of baked beans and mushy peas.  

Everything was absolutely delicious.  Hands down the most authentic fish and chips I've had since landing on these shores.  Plus Heinz tomato ketchup, proper vinegar and tartar sauce. And a pot of Taylors of Harrogate Assam Tea.  Outstanding!

The service was excellent too. Friendly and attentive.

The only possible improvement would be something British on the telly rather than American sport. The rugby, the footie, Eastenders even?!! But as we say in Blighty, that's just splitting hairs.

We'll definitely be back again soon.  Keen to try the Full English Breakfast next!
"...let us fill a bumper, and drink the health of those.."

Lady Mary and I have been anxiously awaiting the vernissage of Victoria. Not that we minded the trip over the bridge to it's New Jersian counterpart, but we were keen to have an asylum this side of the Delaware. 

The Victoria is oasis of English culture in the midst of a deeply American city. Fullers, Wells Bombardier, and Old Speckled Hen all make manifest on the draught list. The Islay Scotches also received an invitation to the menu...which may indeed prove a dangerous thing! I've not yet met a glass of Lagavulin which didn't bring me orgasmic satisfaction. 

The space itself is clean, and bright, if not finished.  I will reserve my critique of the space for a time when the owners have had time to settle into the building. 

Food is what one would expect at one of the Queen's pubs. Bangers & Mash, Fish & Chips, Shepard's Pie, Tikka Masala, Curried Chips...It's almost as if one can Taste the Imperialism! Not only do we have foods near and dear, but flavours from far reaching corners of the globe being extracted from their native lands, in order to excite the otherwise bland English palate. Brilliant. 

One could easily make an argument that reviewing restaurants in the first week is a faux pas.  This point does not fall on deaf ears, and I have every intention of re-reviewing (and re-rating, hopefully at 5 stars) in the months to come. With that being said, there are a few critiques which I will put out into the ether in the hopes that the Gods of eccentricity may hear...

- $7 for a Yards I.P.A. is ridiculous. A domestic pint should never approach that price.
- No Happy hour. Why? It's a new place...put bottoms in seats mate. 
- The music is bollox.  Something for adults...please??
- How about something cute for the waitresses? The standard of appearances ranged from a professionally dressed hostess, to our waitress, who had more of a female roller derby aura. This may seem an antiquated suggestion...but the name of the establishment is 'The Victoria', and is appealing to anglophiles...so there is it. 

I'm looking forward to visiting again soon, and seeing some of the kinks sorted out.
The family decided today would be a great day to try out a new restaurant, The Victoria Freehouse on Front Street in Philadelphia. We've been waiting to try it since it opened last month. We figured we should give them a few weeks to get sorted out after launch so we could get a good feel for them. The idea of a proper English Sunday Roast seemed like an ideal reason to try it out. Unfortunately, maybe we should have waited even longer.....

We arrived at just after 4, when Sunday Roast was set to begin service. No problem getting a table as only one other was occupied along with a few people at the bar watching the Phillies game. The waitress, Amanda, promptly sat us and got our drink orders (fountain soda, 3 British canned sodas and a glass of wine). When the canned soda arrived for our kids my wife and I examined the label to find it sweetened with saccharine. No diet note on the label anywhere. This might not mean much to many readers but i was sort of taken back as this is not a good ingredient for any child to be consuming and without any idea that its in the soda, i thought it a fo pa on the restaurants part. The music playing was a variety of dance and pop which seemed out of place in a traditional pub atmosphere. It was actually sort or distracting and inappropriate but not worthy of wrecking the meal.

We ordered a soup and two appetizers including the recommended Welsh Rarebit and Tikki Pizza. The soup was good but was a bit lacking in flavor. The Welsh Ratebit was fair. Not bad. Not great. Not offensive. The Tikki Pizza was good. We then waited. And waited. And waited for our dinners to arrive. If the restaurant had been busy, I would have understood but the other table left and two others showed so the 40 minute wait between the appetizers and dinner was a bit on the long side. I chalked it up to the change in service (from lunch to dinner) and left it go.

Dinner arrived. We ordered 3 Sunday Roasts (today's was beef), a fish and chips and a shepherds pie. The shepherds pie my one daughter ordered presented well. Nicely browned potato topping but a fork full revealed a fairly bland lamb and vegetable base. My Sons fish and chips (large portion) has extremely good chips (fries) if a bit heavily salted. Fantastic in fact but unfortunately cold. The fish was flakey and the batter crispy without being too greasy. It also was good but not earth shattering. My bigger issue there was for $17, the fish portion was very, very small. I'm scared to think what the small size would have been.

My youngest daughter, wife and I all ordered the Sunday Roast Beef. Presentation was excellent. It was served medium rare which is just as we like it so no problem there. The roast was accompanied by minted peas, Yorkshire pudding and duck fried potatoes. The beef was beautiful with good flavor but again, luke warm at best. I didn't want to send it back as I knew this would spell doom for the cook level. The peas were fine but frankly tasted like well seasoned supermarket frozen peas. The Yorkshire pudding was good and medium to small muffin sized. The duck fried potatoes were hot when they arrived but actually weren't nearly as tasty as the chips from my sons meal.

Even with 3 teenage children, we as a family are not huge volume eaters but we were all still hungry after dinner so we opted for desert as well. We ordered 3 sticky toffee puddings as suggested by our waitress, a bread and butter pudding and the lemon special pudding. We also ordered a scotch (MaCallen 15) and a tea. After another unusual 20 minute wait the puddings arrived. The bread and butter budding was good. The lemon pudding special was excellent. The sticky toffee pudding seemed to be of the canned variety found on your local Wegmans store shelf. Fair but not up to the acclaim which had been given it.

So basically we cake away with a general "Meh" feeling with service slow (we assume it was the kitchen not Amanda) and smaller serving sizes with average food until we saw the check. $220 before tip! I get that the scotch and glass of wine were $30 of that but still that seemed awfully steep for a dinner we all walked away from still hungry. After a 15% tip we had broken the $250 barrier for a meal that simply didn't leave us feeling it was anywhere nearly that special. We regularly eat at restaurants costing this much or even more but it's been a long time since I've felt so ripped off.

There were positives but not nearly enough to overcome the cons. The concept was excellent but the execution just didn't live up to the potential. I won't be going out of my way to return and unfortunately with some changes, I hope things will improve but I'm not counting on it.

UPDATE!!!

I was contacted by Edward (Owner?  Manager?) after this review was posted.  While I can't say I agree with his stance on everything and I did find his tone a bit condescending,  I have to give him props for caring enough to respond.
I visited  The Victoria Freehouse with a few fellow yelpers after an event  a while back, I believe this was the after party.. party . Nice little  pub to visit I must say "All hail the Queen ", or is it  " Save the Queen "?  I think it might be "For God and Country ", something along that nature. 

I am not sure what the saying is , but I do know is they have Innis and Gunn on tap !  A freshly tapped Innis, the moment I saw you walk to that beautiful tap. As you began that glorious pour, that refreshing, delicious well crafted beer cascading down.  You had me the moment the first drop laced the bottom of that pint glass.  This is what I call heaven captured in a glass, waiting for you to reward yourself.  Innis and Gunn oh how I fell for you on vacation in OBX. Now that I have tried you straight from the tap, this tasted even better than from the bottle.

From what I did notice the place isn't that big, but what they did do is utilize the space that they do have. Tables placed along the wall , also with a smaller platform with more seating arrangements.  Another area you can enjoy a few libations is the bar scene with ample amounts of seating. 

Great little spot here, a nice selection of whiskeys and scotch for your enjoyment. The menu does look interesting , great bartenders.  I will be back again for a dish and of course another pint. 

*** Side note ***
I am writing this review solely on the bar experience and not the food. I will be returning to do several tasting though, seeing I never really had any British style dishes. Now when it comes to crafted delights along with their Scotch's , and Whiskeys I do know the region quite well. With that the rating may change or stay as is.
fish and chips at the new english pub around the corner?  bloody brilliant!  the perfect idea for a lenten friday night, however, my catholic guilt is setting in realizing that i screwed up by eating the bacon wrapped dates (yum).  oh well, we had the deviled eggs which were okay but strangely dense and tiny and came in a portion of three halves (not sure why you wouldn't serve a fourth half).  the fish and chips were authentic and hit the spot.  golden brown crispy crust with large flakes of tender fish inside.  the chips are freshly cut and soaked up all the taste of the malt vinegar that i generously applied.  my fiance had the beet salad, which was fresh, with large slices of beets that she really enjoyed.  

i also gotta say that the feel of the place was pretty nice.  just walking into this totally renovated space, i immediately notice the atmosphere was that of a casual classy gastropub and not a rowdy old city college bar. the hostess stand at the entrance and most of the patrons sitting at table lining the walls sitting in the church pews and low stools was certainly unexpected.  i appreciate their attention to detail with the intricate dark ceiling, exposed brick, and dark textured wall design and dim lamp and candle lighting. i also appreciated the really attentive service from our waitress.  i was more than content to hang out for drinks and then share a pot of tea with my fiance over some bread pudding after dinner.  i'm glad i've found a pretty chill new neighborhood spot.  can't wait to try their brunch.
I met friends for brunch a few Sundays ago. We had all spent some time in London and were looking for feeling a bit desperate for British pub food, so decided to give it a shot. 

First of all, the location is right on the river, on a sunny day it's really beautiful. They also have parking directly across the street- so don't drive yourself crazy trying to find a spot around the city. 

The Freehouse a lot like their Haddonfield location, The British Chip Shop, but with alcohol. So it's just instantly more awesome. Plus all of the beers are British brews that you will find on a typical evening out in the UK. That means Strongbow on tap regularly, for you cider fans.  They also have full pots of tea for those that don't drink.

They had a lot of great brunch drink deals, including the standard mimosa's and bloody Mary's, but what I noticed was that the bartender blended each drink by hand, and cut up celery for each Bloody fresh. Little things like that are so unusual that you don't even notice when you miss them, but they don't go unnoticed when done correctly. 

I went with hardboiled eggs with a curry sauce, basmati rice and naan for my brunch option (I can't find their brunch menu so I'm not sure what it's called). I had never imagined hard boiled eggs having that much flavor. but it was really nice- and really, really filling. They really know how to make a good curry sauce.  I also got a side of rashers (because a meal without meat is just a snack) and they were unbelievably good. So crispy, salty, and so hard to find done right in the US. My friends went with the full English breakfast and sausage and chips and had no complaints either. I also heard some serious praises coming from the table next to us about their sticky toffee pudding. 

From past experience I would say to order the curried cheese chips at lunch/dinner. They are out of this world. A really creamy curry sauce, thick cut fries and tons of gooey cheese. It's way over the top and may take a year off your life but it is worth every bit of compromised artery. 

We loved that we walked in and they were nonchalantly playing a Chelsea FC match on the tv. As a CFC fan I know how hard it is to find a match on a day when the Phillies/Eagles/Flyers happen to be playing, and it did not go unappreciated. Chelsea lost... but I'll complain about that on some other social media site somewhere.
I absolutely love this new bar in Old City. I've been to England and I can't tell you a thing I ate there, other than 'spotted dick' for obvious reasons. I've tried a bunch of food and drinks here since they opened and I haven't been disappointed yet! 

The Guiness burger is on point, though. Juicy, tasty and with the fresh spring mix, tomato and vinegar mayo, it's better than my dads on the grill- which is saying A LOT. They have a bunch of different cheeses that come with accompaniments so even if you're not that hungry and just want to grab a drink and something to snack on, there are plenty of choices. 

Welsh rarebit is also my new favorite thing in the world- almost like an open faced grilled cheese with gravy and a hint of mustard, OMG. Melts in your mouth. 

They have a large selection of craft beers and I can't wait to try them all! 

You can tell the owners put a lot of thought into this place, from the decor to the service, the attention to detail shows! I look forward to returning!
I probably shouldn't be admitting this on a public website, but, well. Okay. Here goes.

Well. Okay. Let's hold up a second. You see, I'm American, with a heritage of Irish and Italian roots. I studied abroad in Switzerland, and traveled to lots of Western Europe during that time, aside from England. The Brits.. I just haven't really paid attention to their food all that much, I suppose.

Okay. Here goes, for real now:

I didn't know chips were fries until Friday night at Victoria Freehouse.

I know. Embarrassing. Hiding now.

Moving on, this place is great! We arrived around 8 p.m. and had our pick of tables. I chose the chicken and chips, because I don't eat fish, and was surprised by how huge the portion turned out to be. It couldn't be finished. The "chips" (fries) were really good, too. Even if they weren't chips.

My favorite part of the night was the Bramble, a blackberry gin cocktail. A definite must try. I'd go back just for that drink.
Stopped in for a couple beers and a late lunch with friends on a Saturday. Great friendly service. Fish and chips were the best I've had in Philly. Nice and flakey not frozen breaded fish like so many other places. Good tap list. And don't miss the sticky toffee pudding!

Great addition to Old City.
You know when you order wrong? That's what I did at the Victoria Freehouse, and it just wasn't my cup of tea. Get it?

I went here with my boyfriend and fellow Yelper Sara S. on a weeknight, and we were one of only a few tables since I'm sure this place is still gaining steam. I've been to London twice but I mostly stuck to an alcohol-only diet, so I can't really attest to the authenticity of the food.

For beers my dining partners went for some darker porters and I stuck with cider. The best part is that they offer a nice half pint option for $3-4 which allows you to try a few different options without getting tired of the one you chose (or getting stuck with a warm beer). They also have a nice selection of bottled beers and cocktails to choose from. 

We started with the tikka pizza, which was pretty good and basically tasted like tikka masala on a crust. The devils on horseback (dates wrapped in bacon) were easily the knock-out of the evening. The sweet dates plus the savory bacon is just an awesome combination, and the stilton cheese in the middle sent it over the top. These are little bits of heaven. 

For dinner I had the Guinness burger, and I immediately knew I picked the wrong thing. The meat was mixed in with some sort of seasoning and I believe it had onions in it, and overall I just didn't love the taste. It was also verrrry rare. My dining partners had the fish sandwich and the roast beef sandwich, and the roast beef sandwich got good reviews.

Overall I like the decor and it's nice to see a new place in Old City, so I'd definitely try this place again and choose something else that's more my speed.
My fiance and I went to The Victoria Freehouse last week.
My fiance is from the island of Malta, and I lived in Scotland for several years, we've been scouring Philadelphia in search of decent, authentic British fare. So we were really excited to try them out. When we arrived the place was empty, accept for a few very loud and annoying Americans at the bar.

The food was not up to par.
I started with the Scotch Egg ( I've been craving one for months) when I received it it looked slightly burnt, had very little flavor and was quite dry. Needless to say my craving has not been satisfied.
I had the Shepard's Pie as my entree, yet again very disappointing. It was served with cheesy mash, not the traditional crispy mash (sooo much tastier)  there was barely any meat in it, and had a very odd sweetness to it.

My fiance had the Bangers and mash, it was overall quite bland and also had an odd, out of place sweetness to it. He was not impressed.

For dessert I (tried) to have the Lemon curd tart, and my fiance had the bread and butter pudding.
the lemon curd tart was served with a dollop of Chantilly on top, my initial bite was delicious, however when I dipped into the Chantilly cream, it was instantly apparent that it was sour and unserviceable.  The waitress was extremely apologetic and immediately took both desserts off of the bill. 
The bread and butter pudding was fantastic, I may go back just to get that.

The only redeeming quality was the service, our waitress was fantastic, very attentive and a joy to talk to. She should find a better restaurant to work at, because she is way too good for this place. 

Needless to say our experience was not what we had expected, and will not be returning.
If you are looking for good British fare, this is NOT the place.
We came here for the birthday celebration of a friend who is a true Anglophile.   We ordered several appetizers, entrees, and desserts with the goal of sharing everything.  I have to say all of the dishes were  delicious.  All of the choices were attractively presented as well.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.  Our birthday Anglophile was over the moon!   On the downside,  I found the portions to be small for the pricing.   17.00 for the large portion of fish and chips, which was comprised of one fish filet and chips. Mind you, the fish and chips WERE delicious, but that's too much in my opinion.  The benefit of their pricing structure is that the 'riff-raff' will be discouraged from making it one of their regular haunts, and the place will instead be frequented by well heeled 40 somethings and older looking for an enjoyable evening.  SO....if you have a couple of bucks, and are looking for a lovely evening of British dishes, drinks, and desserts, mosey on down to the Victoria Freehouse!
This place is really nice! My boyfriend, some friends, and I went on a rainy Friday night, so it was pretty empty, but we had a good time. First of all, the bartender was great. He was very friendly and talked with us about the various beers to choose from. He let me sample them before I went for a whole pint which was great because they're a little pricey here...I guess that's what you pay for imports!

They have a lot of traditional British pub fare for food. My boyfriend and I shared the Crab on Toast, which was good but a little too creamy for my taste. According to the bartender, they also have a rule of only playing music that is straight out of the UK, so don't be surprised to hear some Elton John or Amy Winehouse :)

All in all, a great, unique place, so I'm sure we'll be back.
The expensive, Old City version of the British Chip shop.  Had the shepherd's pie and my girlfriend got the tikka masala.  Good size portion for my shepherd's pie but there was almost no chicken in her dish.  It was mostly sauce and rice.  Disappointing.  For a starter, we got the crab on toast.  Way overpriced.  Seriously.  And only just good.  Could have bought two cans of fresh lump grab and put it on bread for the price.  Tasted bland.  Even with the capers to try and spice it up.

Wait staff was attentive (four servers but only two tables full on a Saturday at dinner!  eek!) and our waitress Jenna was so nice.  She even said she'd put in a not so much salt order on my shepherd's pie.  It was still salty but I hate to imagine what it would have been like without her asking the chef to tone it down!

Disappointed that the Old City location's ploughman wasn't a traditional ploughman's at all.  I get that they have to 'Americanize' it, but I was hoping for a little more authenticity with the food (Jenna was awesome and said she'd get me some branston pickle if we got the ploughman's even if it didn't come with it).

All in all, worth it for the service.  Food was good, but not for $15-18 (I expect better fare for those prices, and many restaurants in Philly deliver that).  If there's another groupon, I'll likely go in the future.  Otherwise, wouldn't go back.
My vegetarian friend wasn't particularly happy about this place which made me laugh. We're at a British pub, where there aren't a ton of interesting vegetarian choices other than the tikka pizza and vegetable curry-- neither of which she ordered, so I told her she wasn't allowed to have an overall opinion of the place, she could only give me the vegetarian point of view. She ordered the beet salad and then after tasting my mushy peas, ordered it and raved about it (as did I). Other foods sampled: curry cheese chips-- which were soggy, but tasty; Guinness Burger with stilton cheese which was delicious, but not anything to make a special trek for; Irish Whiskey Bread Pudding-- which was not very sweet and pretty good. 

Honestly, the things that made this place shine were the lovely people who worked here and the fact that we accidentally stumbled upon Harry Potter Quizzo which happens only every couple of months. The place was lit with floating candles for effect and there were serious Potterheads in here. We had a butter beer (not as good as the ones served at Universal) and we came in second to last place in quizzo, but had a lot of fun. 

I'd come again, get a little more adventurous with the food and update my review!
Love this place! The staff is always super kind and provides great service. This pub is so cozy and full of great beer and food. Best fish and chips around!
Fellow Yelper Denise hits the nail on the head here.  We've had two similarly pleasant dining experiences here, and the Freehouse definitely deserves four stars.  It's a nice, clean space with an easygoing staff, and they get the americanized "British Pub" experience just right.  

The beers on tap are an excellent mix of things you may not have had before.  We both preferred the Newcastle Blonde Bombshell, which is just as good as their Brown Ale.  The potted trout (very interesting cold plate combination) and the tikka pizza (super thin crust with strong, but not overpowering flavors) are both great starters.

The bangers and mash are the star of the menu.  Housemade bangers are unbeatable, perfectly cooked, and served over an awesome whole grain mustard mash.  The fish pie is fantastic as well, but could use a little more protein (aka don't skrimp on the fish). 

Great, low key spot in Old City, and a fun place for Quizzo on a Wednesday night.
Greatest selection of English beers in the city- both on draft and in bottles. They may have oppressed us, murdered us and prevented us from having any semblance of our own country until 1922- but the Brits do make great beer! Multiple selections from Fullers and Wells & Young on tap, among others. Draught beer is also available in proper (20 oz) pints. 

This place is a hidden gem.
Where are all the Brits In Philadelphia? Wassamatta you?
This place is fantastic. I drove for an hour from New Jersey looking for an old-school British pub. With one reservation (see below) this is IT, peeps!

I had two different single-malt scotch neat (Laphroig and another) - they have a reasonable collection of about 10 or so. 
I had the beet infused deviled eggs - don't sneer! They were wonderful. 
I had the large Fish & Chips (large == 2 pieces, small == one). The fish is Haddock. Oh My Lucky Stars. I don't remember better Fish & Chips and yes, I eat them in Heathrow Airport every time I change planes there.

The bar/restaurant/pub is beautifully done - simple but elegant with a great ceiling. The two TVs were off, but I'm sure in times of dire need they would be on. It's a small place, narrow but long. If you use Google you can click on the pictures and actually walk the entire bar and see the whole thing.

Parking was on the street. You have to pay until 10:00 pm and the max ticket is 3 hours so you may want to count on buying several during an evening. I easily got a parking spot directly across the street at 6:00 pm. 

The staff is knowledgeable and they handle a crowd easily with great aplomb. If they are busy they're not too busy to chat a bit.

My fave Brit pub in the USA is the Edinburgh Castle on Geary Street near Polk Street in San Francisco. Victoria Freehouse lacks only the piper walking the bar and playing every Friday and Saturday night, although the bar tender did say that from time to time pipers do drop in.

Now for the reservation - when I was there, about 6:00 pm on a Friday night there were no Brits in the place. Instead the place was filled with  Philly yuppies, mostly very loud women. Oh well. Maybe there's a better time to get a hit of Brit culture at Victoria Freehouse. 

I know I'm going back to see and for seconds of their food. Use google to check out the menu - they have a very cool scroll feature now such that Google allows you to see the entire menu. It's not huge but it has all the good stuff. And they have a happy hour! And Bitters. And beer after beer.

Now, truth be told there is a difference between Irish pubs and Brit pubs. 
In a Brit pub you'll get a great selection of single malt scotch and a small sampling of Irish whiskey. In an Irish pub, you'll have to beg for the single malt scotch.
In an Irish pub, the pipes will be Uillean and in a Brit pub the pipes will be highland ( ask google). If you see an IRA poster on the wall, you're in an Irish pub, not a Brit pub where the Union Jack should be somewhere.

Message to all Brits in Philly - when do you go to Victoria Freehouse? I'm buying.
My husband and I decided to give the Victoria Freehouse a try during happy hour- outside of an event going on. We had been here before for Harry Potter Quizzo and a Harry Potter drag show with sub-par service. We chalked it up to it being busy and late and a long day for staff members. 

Last night around 6 we headed over thinking that since it wasn't an event, maybe it would be better. We were wrong.

There were 3 other people sitting at the bar when we arrived. We got no greeting, but joined them at the bar. I was craving the curry chips (after living in Belfast, NI for a year) and it just happened to be happy hour too. Menus were slapped in front of us and we were told about the happy hour draughts. The waitress was cold, at best. We tried to make small talk with nothing in return. We asked a question about a drink on the menu, she harshly said she didn't know but she'd look it up, and we never heard from her again. 

The chips were great, but we'll never go back because the service honestly sucks. My husband was wary of us going, since we've had bad experiences every other time, but we tried to give it the benefit of the doubt. We live right down the street and we're hoping this could be "our bar". I don't expect the bar tender to be our best friend, but I like a welcoming environment, which this is not.
We had stopped in for a late lunch. We lucked out and  parked our vehicle directly across the street at a metered parking lot...  that was very convenient. (I could keep an eye on my vehicle and the PPA). 

We like this freehouse. They did a great job of renovating this place (nice flooring, exposed brick, plenty of room). We sat at the bar. Our bartender (David) was great, very personable!  The beer selection was good. I stuck with my standby (Wells Bombardier). My wife went with the Newcastle Blonde Bombshell.

For a snack, we ordered the 'Devils on Horseback'  Stilton stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. We thought they were tasty but it only came with 4 dates, not worth the $5.00 (would of been happy with a 6 or 7 portion). My wife ordered the small portion of the Fish and Chips, she really enjoyed it. The chips were very good. I ordered the  Chicken tikka masala, it was excellent... the rice was cooked to perfection (something Indian restaurants often over/undercook). I like their twist on this dish. It was perfect for this rainy day we had. We felt the prices were reasonable. 

We look forward to coming back.
My mom had been dying to come to Victoria's Freehouse for over a year, talking highly of the reviews on Yelp, their Sunday dinner special, and how they have Tennents. Of course she, myself, and my dad traveled out to Philly for dinner Sunday night.
We walked inside and my mom instantly said, "I think we're in the wrong place, maybe there's another side?" I think she was surprised by how empty the place was... And I mean that we were the only patrons in the place. We sat down and ordered drinks, they didn't have Tennents even though it was advertised on both drink boards. I ordered a Jameson's Green tea - I am telling you all now, do not get one at Victoria's (they made it horribly wrong!) 
We got a scotch egg for start and it was lackluster, egg actually cold inside. My mom got the Sunday dinner special while my father and I got the fish and chips. The fish was delicious, even my dad complimented it. The chips were soggy aside from the vinegar I put on them. As for my mom's Sunday dinner... It looked similar to something I was given to eat in the hospital. The Yorkshire pudding was inedible, I couldn't even bare to swallow it. My dad's "mushy peas" looked more like matcha ice cream.
Overall, I don't think I will be coming back to Vic's Freehouse. It's not worth the trip, even if you're just around the corner.
Sound the trumpets. The Queen has arrived! Okay not really, but that isn't to say that there isn't at least a little touch of royalty at The Victoria Freehouse. Since my girlfriend and I are all about all things London and were told about the Freehouse via the owner at her other business, the English Gardener, we decided to take the trip to good ole Front Street for what we hoped would be a smashing good time. 

And smashing it was! I was told that if I came here, I had to order the Guinness Burger and I ordered just that. My girlfriend ordered the fish and chips. For a starter we ordered the curry chips. We also indulged in several of their draft beers including the Young's Double Chocolate Stout and Fuller's London Porter. As others have mentioned, we ordered the half pints as we wanted to try a variety of beer. Plus the full pints were rather rich for my blood. 

The curry chips were deliciously covered in, you guessed it, curry sauce and were what I imagine would be the perfect snack for someone who has had one too many pints. Little did I know that my burger also came with fries. So you can only imagine my embarrassment once it arrived and I had enough chips to feed the entire Arsenal Football Club, but no worries as we ended up carrying away more than a few chips which were quickly devoured by others once I arrived home. 

Both the fish and burger were very delicious and satisfied our crave for English pub grub. I haven't been to many other British spots around the area, but I must say that the Victoria Freehouse is pretty damn close to being an authentic British pub. 

Our waitress was very kind and made sure that our drinks were full. Overall, I really liked this place. I probably wouldn't come back too often just because I ended up "dropping more than a few pounds" (cheesy I know), but it will certainly make for a fun night out with you and your mates!
As a British person in long exile in Pennsylvania I am always on the lookout for any kind of even vaguely British food/decent beer and the trip to The Victoria Freehouse provided more than I had hoped for. Didn't take a hugely long look at the menu as I knew exactly what I wanted; battered sausage and chips. Not so exciting sounding to Americans perhaps but a delight for me. And delightful it was. Other half (a Dominican American who is being trained in the ways of British food) opted for large fish and chips which were also excellent (I know because I did some fairly heavy sampling on the fish.) 
Ambiance wise it was what one expects in a real pub (not a faux hipster one) Kinda dark, kinda sparse, marginally corny decor pieces) 
Service was excellent. Our waitress was friendly, attentive without being obtrusive and considering we were also knocking back a few pints of on tap Newkie Brown the final tab was a nice surprise as well. Apparently they do a great Sunday roast so my next monthly trip to Philly will be timed to coincide with that.
I can't say how authentic this place is, since I've never been to England.  But... they did play a fair amount of awesome 80s British New Wave while we ate.  And... my sausage was HUGE!!!  I know how that sounds, but it really was.  Enormous.  I've never had such a big, tasty sausage.
My family visited phyladelphia for the first time and after visiting the aquarium the new jersey and independence hall my son had a craving for fish and chips.  This is where yelp comes in ... we typed best fish and chips in philadelphia and this gem appeared.  

We were not disappointed.  We arrived early for dinner and the cozy pub was not busy thankfully.  Having three children one appreciates fast service.  

We ordered three fish and chips which where huge see photos.  My daughter ordered their sausage roll which appeared to be homemade and was excellent.  So much so that we recommended it to a family which sat down after we did.  The beet salad with goat cheese was excellent.  I had a pint of porter which was among the huge selection of draft beer and scotch.  

The price was very reasonable and the service was excellent.  I have since recommended the Victorian to friends who were also not dissapointed.
In a city filled with "Irish" pubs, it's nice to change the pace with a more English focused pub. The tap list is suitably import heavy with bitters and ales, and matched by a good bottle menu.

The food offers a nice mix of English pub fare and more conventional bar food. The tasty wings are glazed with a heavy, marmite based sauce that works surprisingly well. The burger and roast beef sandwich are both excellent, and the fish and chips are pretty faithful.

Like so many Philly bars, it's a long narrow space, with bar on one wall, tables on the other, and bathrooms downstairs. It's a bit away from the old city crowds, so it can be a quieter alternative for a drink or dinner.
Loved it! A nice addition to the area!

I purchased the Groupon to the Freehouse and was very much looking forward to going. I was not disappointed! The bar was clean and comfortable with a classic English feel. The staff was friendly. We had the crab on toast for an appetizer, amazing. We also had the bangers and mash and the fish pie, both delicious. The bangers and mash were the favorite. The bangers were flavorful and the mash appeared to have grain mustard mixed in. It was served with a yellow mustard and a brown sauce, both bottles looked to be from England. So fun and so nice when a place keeps with the theme. I also had the Elderflower Fizz and it was so yum and classy! My husband had the London Eye, also quite tasty.

We had a wonderful experience at the Freehouse. The reason for 4 and not 5 stars is because I think the menu is a just a little overpriced. But overall I very much enjoyed it and hope to go back soon.
Because I am a nerd and can't stay away from anything that has to do with Harry Potter, I made reservations for the Harry Potter Quizzo here a MONTH in advance (and lucky, too, because I got one of the last tables available). I spent all of July eagerly anticipating my costume and the excitement surrounding the showing off of my (otherwise) useless Harry Potter knowledge.

Fast-forward to July 31, and I was decked out in my Hermione costume. We got there early enough that they hadn't started serving drinks yet, but team ordered some food to get us started. Since I can't ever order anything normally, I forewent the fish and chips and instead ordered sausage and chips. Yum! I thought the fries (the chips, excuse me) were just okay, but the sausage was really juicy and flavorful, so it evened out.

We didn't order anything but the specialty drinks, and my personal favorite was the Avada Kedavra--whiskey and apple combined to make a deliciously evil cocktail. They could have easily been deadly, but I had to drive, so I did not have as many as I would like. The rest of the event was a great effort-- the Quizzo questions were on point, and the special treats were imaginative and well-thought-out. The butterbeer was not as magical as I had hoped and was fairly weak, and the dragon eggs (Scotch eggs dyed green) were a little too lurid to eat, but a strong nerd event regardless!

I don't have the cash to get across the pond, but I'd say that Victoria Freehouse is probably the next best thing.
Literally stumbled upon this place while looking for a nightcap place after ice cream around the corner at franklin fountain.  This is a great spot for late night snacks/drinks!  And there is a very nice variety of beers, cocktails, whiskeys, etc.  Everyone in our group had something they liked on the menu which isn't always easy to find.  The prices were reasonable too.  I was surprised there weren't more people here, but maybe it's a new establishment or a weird location.  Either way I can definitely see myself coming here again at least for drinks.  Oh!  And the TV had soccer.
Freshen your drink Gov'ner ?! I like this new British themed pub; the decor is simple and soccer is always on the TV.  The draft list is small, but thoughtful and authentic.  Drinks are the regular price and come in half and full imperial pints.  Exception: $9 for Jamison is outrageous. 

The food is also authentic British (including the Indian options).  It didn't amaze though, the large order of fish and chips was hit and miss ($17).  The quality of fish was excellent, but both the fries and fish breading were lacking a perfect crispiness; they were borderline soggy.  The best part is the imported malt vinegar.  That stuff is great!

Bottom Line: It won't be a regular stop for me, but I like this place.  I fully expect this place to be around for a while and get even better as they work out the few, minor kinks they have.
This afternoon was my first time dinning here. My wife and I have been wanting to stop in for years, and we finally had the opportunity. Sadly, we were coming from a family members funeral, in South Philly. As you can imagine, we wanted a pleasant-relaxing experience, but unfortunately,  a rather rude waitresses ruined our time here. Allow me to elaborate further.

  Prior to entering the establishment, we envisioned an upscale English pub. It was not, but that is just as well. We both like it laid back and quite, which it was. The pub reminded us of our time in London years ago.  Pleasant decor, authentic ales, and grub. The food menu is limited, but it was delicious. We had the fish & chips, in addition to, the sausage and chips. Fantastic really. Well presented, and again, tasty. 

  The lunch experience was ruined by a rather seemingly annoyed bar keep/waitresses. She was the only employee present. There were three people at the bar, and my wife and I at a table. She seemed annoyed from the get-go, why, we have no idea. Perhaps because we did not sit at the bar and she had to walk 15 feet to our table? We were well dressed. due to the funeral. Perhaps she was offended that we appeared to be well-to-do? I have not a clue. Her mannerisms were simply unappreciated, she literally threw the silverware and menus towards us on the adjacent table. 

 We were as pleasant as one could be, particularly under such extrusions conditions. Normally, we ignore such rude behavior, but to reiterate, we had just arrived from a family members funeral. We wanted to unwind and  just have a pleasant lunch, and a single ale. The waitresses came off short with us, definitely having a bad day I imagine on her end. I recall a customer at the bar asking what their red tee shirt meant by their slogan "paint Philly red". The waitresses was quick to snap back that it is some UK saying, she does not know. She was getting visibly annoyed when the bar patron inquired a second time.  SMH.

 I understand we all have bad days from time-to-time, but she immediately gave off a bad vibe, and acted upon it. I truly wanted to like this pub, and in fact I do to a degree, but that employee ruined the experience for my wife and I. There are several other notable restaurants/pubs in that area to explore, we will put this location on the back burner.  Perhaps this establishment can post a sign in their door warning patrons that this employee may bite. Cheers.
Really fantastic food and ambiance! Reminds me of my semester abroad in Scotland. Had the chicken sandwich with a rasher of bacon. Fries were perfect. We'll be back!
I went here with my roommate and my cousin for my cousin's birthday dinner on Saturday night. The service was excellent, our server was cheerful and attentive, and the food came pretty quickly. I had the chicken salad sandwich, and it was delicious! The fries were big and soft and yummy. My cousin enjoyed the shepherd's pie, and my roommate liked her sausage (hey, get your mind out of the gutter!). 

The seating was a little awkward, with church pews on one side of the table with seats angled slightly so you slid back, and stools on the other. Not uncomfortable, just a bit awkward. The prices were decent, and the portions were filling, although this isn't a place where you'll likely have leftovers. What bumps it up to five stars for me is this: at the end of the night, my cousin bought two Mars bars (one for himself and one for me), and our server told him one was on her because it was his birthday. I was so touched that she went above and beyond to make his quarter-life-crisis birthday special! My only regret is not trying this place out sooner, like when I lived just about right above it.
Everything was great! A beer selection unlike any I have experienced in the city. Great food too!
Hard to believe that I'm in Philadelphia enjoying a bitter poured from a firkin, fish and chips with mushy peas, and a decent sticky toffee pudding. Victoria Freehouse got the details spot on right down to the bottle of HP sauce next to the malt vinegar!

Our bartender Stephanie was terrific and let us know about the happy hour specials and upcoming events...I'll wear my Rooney jersey next time I'm in....go Man Utd!
All I have to say is: Tikka Pizza.  Even if everything I ate was horrible (which it was not), I would STILL come here just for the Tikka Pizza.  That's how good it was!

I had the vegetable curry, which was delicious and the sticky toffee pudding which was heaven on a plate.  My husband got the fish and chips and was really happy with it as well.

Great beer selection too! And even more important to me, great cider selection!

My only complaint is that it is pretty expensive.  However, it's definitely worth the cost.
I've been wanting to eat here for well over a year after reading these great reviews. I especially wanted to go on a Sunday for their Sunday Roast dinner ($18). So off we toddled across the bridge into Philly to have some British fare. 

It was a beautiful, unseasonably warm and sunny day. South Street was bustling with people, and the restaurants, bars and shops around the corner had people pouring out of them. We even paid for parking cause you couldn't find a spot anywhere on the street.  However, there was no one in this place. We were the only patrons. Cool, I thought, least we will get a seat! That should have told me something....

The bathroom was dirty. The garbage can was full to the brim, the toilet paper was sitting on top of the holder and was streaming onto the floor, the place needed a good clean. 

Next, I couldn't wait to have a pint of Tennents draught which was written up on the board today! Sadly they didn't have any. Oh well, tried the "Double G&T" which was good. 

I ordered the Scotch egg. This one had sweet dense sausage wrapped around a cold boiled egg and overly deep fried. The teaspoon of Branson pickle on the side was good, if only to kill the sweet oddly tasting sausage. 

My Sunday roast dinner consisted of three cold pieces of meat, a bunch of hard roasted potatoes and carrots, hard peas and something they were trying to pass off as a Yorkshire pudding. It came with a side of not creamy onion roast gravy but au jus. I poured the entire serving over the dish to try and make it better. No, didn't work. The Yorkshire pudding was a big disappointment cause it should be light and fluffy. This had a big dod of cooked batter inside of it. Argh, just not worth it. 

My family both ordered fish n chips and apart from it being on the greasy side, they enjoyed it. The fish tasted fresh and hand cut chips is always a plus and they didn't disappoint with that dish. 

They have HP sauce, Sarsons vinegar and Colemans mustard which was as authentic as this "British" pub was getting. Sorry but $90 later only left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
So good to see a place like this open in Old City.  Ordered the bramble cocktail and a few appetizers.  The cocktail was a little too sweet for my taste and needed more alcohol for being 10 dollars, but the appetizers were unique and fit the theme of the place (got the rarebit, deviled eggs, and welsh egg).  My favorite was probably the rarebit - the cheese was delicious and the bread was toasted perfectly and very fresh.  The egg dishes were good but you could tell they were prepared in advance.  I would have been more impressed if the welsh egg was a little runny in the middle but I definitely wasn't complaining while eating.

All of the entrees sound delicious.  I'll definitely be back for dinner and to try the other small plates and cocktails.  A lot of the drinks on their cocktail list were gin-based which I like.  

Staff were friendly and helpful.  Five stars for great potential, location, and ambiance.
Went here for a game of thrones trivia brunch for $35 (plus extra fees). The food came out after the first round of trivia and was pretty basic (eggs, mashed potatoes, sausage, and ham). The best part was the mashed potatoes and cabbage which were surprisingly delicious! There wasn't anything between rounds two and three and nothing at the end sadly. 

The drinks were also basic and not included in the price to be there. The drink menu seemed like they had three brunch drinks that they just renamed for every event and weren't super special to the event itself. 

Usually this place is pretty great for a classic British  pub but feeling like the event was way too overpriced. It should have included one alcoholic beverage not just a $10-$15 breakfast.
Nice bar, great happy hour m-f from 4-7. Fantastic staff, calm laid back atmosphere. Perfect after a hot long day. :) COME HERE! You can't be disappointed. 
Food and beer are 4-5 stars! Staff 5! Atmosphere 5! British, Irish, Scottish yummies.
Sit near the bar on a cool sunny evening and it almost feels like you're at Brighton beach.

we went on a groupon (or living social - can't remember which) for dinner and enjoyed everything. pleasant pub eats made with quality ingredients. not too oily. 

delicious: tikka pizza, most especially the country fish pie. great deal on groupon, but wouldn't have tried much otherwise as mains and sandwiches are over-priced. not sure if we'll ever spring for a proper meal there at full-price. with tourists and well to do folks they might be right on target though...

the place was dead on a saturday night at 7. felt sorry for the waitstaff.

good beer selection. nice draught.

have never been here just to drink - could be fun late at night.
Came here for Sunday brunch with a group of six (and our very own Brit), we all had the English Breakfast and loved it. I had the vegetarian, and I have to admit I was not very excited about it, but was pleasantly surprised once it came out! To all my vegetarian friends - definitely a plate to try at some point.

Also seem to show international sports, so I think that's a plus. It's a little difficult to find for people not familiar with Philly, but it was empty on Sunday at 11am and we had the place to ourselves for a while. Can't comment on lunch or dinner, but I would come back for brunch again. My only complaint? $7.5 for a tiny mimosa - almost as much as the meal!
The Victoria Freehouse is fantastic. My wife and I had the day off yesterday and decided to stop in for some snacks around midday. The beer selection of beers from the UK is pretty amazing. They have about a dozen solid picks no draft, and two on hand pump. The bottle selection is also worth going over before you order your beer. Some pretty rare beers and vintages are available. 

We tried three different dishes and liked them all. First was the tikka masala pizza, which was delicious. It was a personal pizza with tikka sauce in place of the sauce, and pickled onions and cheese. Definitely recommend. The pickled deviled eggs are also great--they look interesting, too: both the egg and filling are a pink color. 

But my favorite dish was the "devils on horseback"--bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with stilton cheese. Only $5. These were spectacular. If you've never had stilton, you should try it. It's like a bleu cheese, but made with cow's milk, so it's a little more mild. These were like mini one-bite chesseboards. Highly recommend. 

The bartender was also super nice, and we had a nice conversation with some of the other early arriving patrons (we got there just as the bar was opening). I'd love to visit again and try brunch. 

Would def check the Freehouse out.
Came here on a Sunday morning to watch the Liverpool game with my fiancé, sister and brother in law. It was nice to be surrounded by fellow Liverpool supporters!

Beer specials were good- $5 Carlsberg.

Food was delicious! They offer modern cuisine mixed with the typical British fair- e.g. Fish and chips, chicken and chips, sausage and chips. The chicken and chips were amazing! Definitely worth a try! Cadbury stuffed French toast was also very good! 

Sadly, Liverpool lost but we definitely won finding this hidden gem! Will definitely be back!
I used to live in London and am so glad the Victoria Freehouse has come to Old City. For me, there are few restaurants worth visiting Old City for, especially on the weekend but i've been three times already.

The beer selection and cocktails are fantastic. The service is friendly and good at explaining British food to those unfamiliar. My favorite dish on the menu is the stew; everything about it is perfection, right down to the warm irish soda bread served on the side. The tikka masala is also delicious and perfectly British. Those complaining about indian food at a british restaurant clearly don't know that tikka masala is the most popular dish in the UK.
I ordered delivery from this place and it was so delicious! My order included curry fries, tikka pizza, crab on toast, and sticky toffee pudding. Everything was amazing, but the crab on toast was especially tasty. I could have eaten three orders easily. Will absolutely be repeating this lunch!
I stopped in on a quiet night (Old city was rainy and dead everywhere).  It's a British themed pub without trying to be theme-y.  The decor is very comfortable and simple w/o the corny decorations that chain restaurants would not likely resist if they owned it.

The owner/bartender (?) was super friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed the extensive British and British styled beer list.  The food menu looked great too.  We were just in for a late night snack so my friend and I ordered lightly to share.  We decided to try the Fish N' Chips since they were on special  They were absolutely perfect; light, flakey, fresh so we were glad we went for the larger $8 order.  For a desserty snack, we chose the stilton stuffed dates wrapped in bacon... I mean, c'mon, there's no way that's gonna let you down ...EVER.  

Im really looking forward to coming back here soon.  Old City is in desperate need for a real place that's not touristy-cheesy and frat-boi tacky.

*I stopped in again for dinner and drinks with 3 buddies and we had a great time.  The food was all good and the service excellent.
Visited on a cold Sunday night while family was visiting from down south. Our server, Rita, was quick to greet us. Started off with a few beers. They have a great selection of draft and bottles. We tried the soup of the day, which was tomato bisque, and a scotch egg. Both were very good. For dinner we ordered some of the house specialties. Bangers & mash, fish & chips, and shepherds pie were perfect and came highly recommended by our server. 
For dessert, my brother orderded the Valentine's day special "Love cake." Rita was quick to point out that it was good, but the best dessert they made was the sticky toffee pudding. She then brought us out a sample on the house, and it was amazing!
I'm not one to write many restaurant reviews, but this restaurant deserved one. Great food and great service has me wanting to go back soon, and bring friends to try it out.
After a nice afternoon at the Mutter Museum for a special event, a friend and I decided to grab some lunch. They're an Anglophile and asked if I'd mind we dine here. Well, I'm not very picky when it comes to food so I was game. This was the first time I'd dined at a restaurant this year, since Covid-19 so it was an interesting new experience. It was such a beautiful day, we opted to sit outside. There was a larger party that sat inside so it was nice that we had the outside area to ourselves. 

They have a QR code at the table so to access their menu. We both got the Bubble and Squeak - my first time having it. It was good lol I can't remember whether I got the rashers or bangers...I got whichever is the sausage and not bacon haha

The staff was attentive, efficient and friendly. I'd dine there again if I'm ever in the mood for some good British food.
I went to The Victoria Freehouse for Schitt's Creek Trivia Brunch. As a die-hard fan of the show, I was excited for the opportunity to put my knowledge to the test. Trivia was very well organized. The staff called to confirm my reservation in advance and the event started promptly at 2:30pm. The trivia questions were well written and the MC was AMAZING! She was dressed as one of my favorite characters on the show (Moira) and fully embodied Moira from her voice to her attire. She even put on a short performance at the conclusion of trivia. I greatly enjoyed the event! 

In terms of food, I ordered the Chocolate French Toast, which was good, but nothing special. I would definitely go back for another event at the Victoria Freehouse; not necessarily for the food, but for the comedy.
Friendly service and good English grub. Serve PG tips tea in a lovely pot. Would of liked sugar cubes for a nice touch. I hear the fish and chips are amazing!  Nice to visit on Saturday mornings to see Premier League English football. Great group of football fans come here. Mostly Liverpool supporters.
My husband and I frequently go to the dry British chip shop in Haddonfield and decided to visit this location this weekend for the Liverpool game. There's a lot of parking available. We got there early to ensure a seat as well. Super packed.

Great set up. Very beautiful inside. Good alcohol selection! More food options than the other location as well. 

We had the chicken and chips,Cadbury stuffed French toast, sync Welsh rarebit. All were phenomenal. We also had the groupon for four people ($30 for $60). Also totally worth it!

The waitress needs a raise though. She was the only one in a pub full of people. She did a good job multitasking though and the wait Wasn't too bad.
I came here for quizzo night a week ago. We already had dinner beforehand so we decided not to get food but order tea. We ordered a pot of earl grey to share between two and the third friend ordered his own peppermint tea. We soon discovered that a pot of Earl Grey shared between two people was more than enough. Among the 3 of us, we could not finish all of the tea, and we LOVE tea. My friends really enjoyed the casual atmosphere & the fact that it was affordable. They already cannot wait to go back again!
Devils on Horseback.  Nuff said.

Love the beer selection and the decor.  Loved the traditional shepherds pie too!  
I also attended a paint nite here for my birthday and that was super fun.  Had the curry chips then and they were delish!  A little messy to eat but the flavor rocked!

I'll be back!
TLDR; I think this place is underrated, the food here is really good. Tikka pizza was a great experience and they make the best dang fish and chips in Philly.

I thought these people were insane trying to add curry on pizza, but I was stupid to ever doubt them. I had assumed it was an idiotic combination but they've really stumbled upon something magical.

Crust was thin, but the curry complimented the cheese really well. 

And holy $@?!, the fish and chips here. Those Brits sure know how to make em. Very crispy fries and fish with tartar sauce. Victoria free house has made the beat fish and chips I've had to date. None of that soggy garbage. I've had fish and chips twice at Eulogy (another bar around the corner) and its totally hit or miss there. 

Spruce street harbor and summerfest/winterfest are also across the street so this is a pretty good place to hit up if you're planning a long night.
Had really great bar food! Great English Pub! Went this past Monday 10/17 to watch the Liverpool vs Manchester United game. Nice atmosphere, mostly Liverpool fans. It was great service with the amount of employees present and food came surpsringly fast. Will definetely be coming back!
In Philadelphia rivals Dandelion as an authentic British pub. 7 British beers on draft. Extensive menu. Great for Old City!
Our trip to the Victoria Freehouse came courtesy of a Groupon where we could get 1 app and 2 entrees for $24.  So not too shabby right off the bat.  We went on a Friday night around 5.  Here is where it gets weird and slightly annoying.  As we walk in we are greeted by not the restaurant staff, but by a table with people dressed in European period clothing talking in awful British accents.  They loudly and obnoxiously greeted everyone who came in the same way.  Now I'm not quite sure whether these people come here for kicks to do this? Is it some sort of club thing they do? To me it was bizarre.  I don't mind it at all, but when there are is practically no one in the restaurant, it's quite intimidating and off-putting to be semi-harassed by a bunch of drunk not-funny dorks as you walk in.  The restaurant staff apologized for their behavior, but why not do anything about it?

Parking along Front St. is fairly easy and we parked not even a block away on a meter for approximately 1hr 20 min, thinking this would be enough time to eat and get back to the car.  Think again.  The waitress, while very nice, was not very attentive or very good at all.  She took our drink orders right away and the bartender made them fairly quickly.  The drinks then waited on the bar for 10 minutes in an empty restaurant.  The bartender proceeded to be annoyed by this and delivered the drinks herself.  We were in the restaurant for about 20 minutes before she eventually asked us if we wanted food.  Bad form.

We ordered the Tikki pizza, which was good and comes in 4 slices.  Nothing mind blowing, but it was good pub fare.  My girlfriend and I split large fish and chips and the roast beef sandwich.  The roast beef sandwich was our favorite as it had excellent flavor and the meat wasn't dry (which happens to a lot of roast beef sandwiches).  This came with chips, but never said so on the menu.  The large fish and chips was outrageously big.  Next time we would definitely get the small.  The fish was good, but not great.  It was missing some flavor, but I'm not sure what.  The chips however were excellent and would come back here and snack on those any night.

Somehow this all took an 1 hour and 20 minutes and had me running to the car as the girlfriend paid for the bill.  This is all in an empty restaurant.  All in all, the service here leaves a lot to be desired.  The owners should also do something about the annoying British acting troupe to stop scaring away customers.  I'd give this 3 stars normally, but the service aspect and experience just put me off.  I'll likely try again, but probably not for awhile.
I'm an expat from London and was craving a non-gimmicky British pub with good food; I was so excited to try this place. The pub itself doesn't feel very "British" I guess that's partly why it doesn't feel like I've walked onto a British soap set ;) but the food and drink list is great; VIMTO! haven't had that in years! Fish and chips are actually better than the plate I had in London last week and i love that you can order small or large...with Malt vinegar of course.
I stopped in to the Victoria Freehouse with my boyfriend for a casual dinner on a friday night.  I had scoped out the menu and saw a good number of things that piqued my interest.

For happy hour, all pub snacks were half priced, and the pints were only $5 - a great deal.

We chose to go the appetizer-as-meal route and opt for a few pub snacks to munch on. We tried the bacon wrapped dates, deviled eggs, and the sausage roll.  We also ordered the baked mac and cheese appetizer.  We didn't leave very full by any means - but it was a great variety of things to munch on after work.  We actually ordered another plate of the deviled eggs because they were so good.

All around, the food was very good.  We saw a few of the entrees come out for other tables and practically started drooling, they looked so good.

Service was very friendly - our server was casual, friendly, knowledgable, and helpful.

Definitely will be returning!
Great and underrated place for brunch! I went with my boyfriend's family this past Sunday and we all enjoyed our meals very much! The waitstaff is very kind and attentive. The atmosphere is a little dark, but decorated with many interesting wall hangings and textured wallpaper. There are about 4 individual bathrooms, but they are all in the basement. 

On to the food: We started with garlic wings and sausage rolls. The wings had a great, very unique flavor and the pastry wrapping the sausage was nice and crispy. I ordered the Pimped out Rarebit with mushrooms which was amazing but the bacon wasn't as crispy as I like. My boyfriend got the Full English Breakfast which was a lot of food and well done. The Fish and Chips looked amazing. Very nicely crisped with a big fillet of fish instead of small strips. The Victorian Curried Eggs were very large.

We didn't drink but the list was extensive.
The Victoria Freehouse really does have all the hallmarks of a British pub minus the whole being in Britain thing.  It's cozy, it's charming, and it has a killer menu, including a weekend brunch and Sunday roast.  We went for brunch and I had something that, surprisingly, I had never tried before - Welsh Rarebit.


Let's start with what it's not - no, it's not rabbit.  Rarebit is toast with cheesy beer sauce.  Victoria Freehouse's sauce is made with lots of onion and is creamy and hearty.  The toast is nice and thick - think Texas toast - to hold up the sauce and the cheese.  If you get the "pimped out" version (which of course I did) you'll also get 2 fried eggs, rashers, and a fried tomato.  Rashers, if you're not in the know, are the preferred bacon in Ireland and the UK.  It's much less fatty and is thicker and leaner, almost like Canadian bacon.  Over here, it's commonly referred to as back bacon.  The rasher gives the rarebit an extra hit of salt and the egg yolk adds to the lusciousness. The tomato is warm and adds some acid to the incredibly rich dish.  It's almost like an open-face breakfast sandwich.  A perfect start to any day.
Deeeelicious! There are several things on the menu that I highly recommend trying. The Devils on Horseback are probably one of the most amazingly delicious things I have ever tasted. Being a bacon and cheese lover, the stilton stuffed dates are to die for! You wouldn't guess it, but the cheese and dates pair so wonderfully together, and bacon is always wonderful, so there you go. I've had the roast beef before, and it's amazing. Also, try the Chicken Tikka! It's safe to say it's just as good, if not better, than my favorite Indian restaurant, and the rice is cooked to perfection... and it looks pretty :o) If you're a brunch person, swing by on a Sunday and try their Potted Ham and Eggs. Whew! So good. The eggs are served over ham and croutons in a cheese bechemal sauce, and it's so very tastey. There's also an extensive craft beer menu, and if they happen to have the Love Stout on cask, make sure you order a pint or two ;)
Really wanted to enjoy the food and beer here. Made the mistake of coming on Monday night when they have some sort of Burlesque show. The clueless guy at the door couldn't comprehend that I just wanted dinner.  Didn't even give me a menu - even though I said3 times I was there where for dinner - but finally gave up and gave him the $8 bucks for the Burlesque show that started at 10pm  I sat for over over 10 minutes while the bartender fussed over 1 drink and ignored me!  Finally she rushed to the backroom room and brought out something for the 4 other people in the place. I moved to the bar thinking i might garner some attention - sadly she she stopped to eat something from  plate at that end of bar. IF YOU AREN'T A REGULAR - STAY AWAY!  NO matter how good the menu looks, it isn't worth it!
It was my first time here and I was very satisfied with pretty much everything. It's no lie, the fish and chips are great. I have to admit I found the fries/chips a little boring, but the fish was flaky, moist and delicious. There were some exciting beer choices and the service was great. I will definitely be back.
During the Pope weekend, like many city residents could tell you, there was an unusual amount of room for activities in the city. Because of this, my husband and I decided to rent bikes and ride from one end of the city to the other. After getting to the Delaware, we decided to stop into the Victoria Freehouse on a Sunday around 3. We were the only patrons at the bar (most likely because the Pope was giving a mass on the other side of town) and had a chance to sit down and talk to the sweet bartender Rita for a while, which was fun and entertaining. While we were there we had "Black Cider" which is Magner's with a shot of black currant liquor, suggested by Rita. They were delicious and easy to drink a few of them. We weren't super hungry, but we had to try the Scotch Egg, which is a hardboiled egg wrapped in sausage that is then breaded and deep fried. Its served with a branson pickle, a sweet yet vinegary jelly like topping, and you can add your HP sauce and Coleman's mustard to your liking. We also tried the curry cheese fries which were good and weirdly reminded me of spaghettios. Since we had such a great time, we decided to come back with our friend this past Saturday and were able to try more of the menu. We got another scotch egg and order of curry fries as well as a sausage roll. I wasn't a big fan of the sausage roll as it kind of had an organ meat taste to it, which is just a turn off to me, but the pastry it was in was lovely. Then I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich which comes with fries (fine by me!). You get the choice of cheese to add to your sandwich and I would definitely recommend the blue cheese. It just enhances the horseradish sauce on the sandwich. So delicious! My husband got the bangers and mashed (his favorite) and really enjoyed it and our friend cleaned his dish of shepard's pie. My only complaint is the music that was on when we came back on 
Saturday. It was heavy metal creepy music which just seemed more suited for more of a dark divey hole in the wall than an English pub with cut outs of William and Kate and the Queen. Other than that, when I get a hankering for some Brit Grub, this is a great option.
Came here on a Friday night for a burlesques show, which takes place upstairs.  Ate before the show and OMG...the curry and cheese fries...that's all I have to say.  Curry. And. Cheese. Fries!  Also had the tiki masala pizza and the wings.  Everything was delicious and the drinks were great.  I will absolutely be back to taste more from this menu.  Ok back to the burlesques show...I bought $10 tickets for the show on Groupon.  It was Waaaayyyyy over sold, not enough room for all the people who bought tickets to stand, they offered refunds and free drinks to anyone who would leave, they ran out of liquor in the upstairs bar, it started late, the performers arrived late, it was a hot mess.   Thankfully the great food and strong drinks downstairs helped buffer the mess and turn it into entertainment.  Once the show began it was definitely different.  It wasn't awful but not exactly what I was expecting for a burlesque show. If I had the option of going to the show again I would not, even with free tickets.  BUT... I will be back for the food...yum.
Tucked away around the corner at the end of Market street right before the freeway entrance, Victoria Free house is a real hidden gem in the city. Upon entering, you feel like you've been transported into a legit English pub. The dining hall is spacious and accommodating. Our waitress Jenna was a sweet heart. She greeted us with smiles and made us feel welcomed immediately. 

Our orders consisted of Scotch eggs; classic and spicy sausage variations, Devils on horseback, bangers and mash and fish and chips. The Scotch eggs were awesome. They were crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The eggs were also good and not over cooked. I preferred the spicy sausage over the original because I love spicy food. The Devils on horseback by far, was the stealer of the show. The crispy bacon wrapped around sweet dates with melted Stilton cheese inside was beyond this world. The sweet flesh of the dates creates such an awesome contrast to the savory, crispy bacon, and that melted cheese in the middle, forget about it. Our main course was the fish and chips. We opted for a large and...holy smack, it was big! I mean the fish is the size of the plate. The chips can only be describe as a bucketload. The beer batter was so tasty and the fish so flaky and fresh. The chips were very crispy, top notch here. I do have comment that near the end of the meal, a couple bites from our fish does taste a bit like old oil. The bangers and mash was not listed on the menu but I asked Jenna and she said they do serve it. The sausages were very flavorful and the mash goes very well with their gravy and pickled onions. Two things however, prevented the bangers and mash from being perfect. The sausage needed more snap, maybe if the chef left them on the grill a bit longer. While the flavors itself is terrific, the porky smell is a bit strong. 

In any case, none of these things should distract you from the experiences. They are small enough to be overlooked at any one time. Great atmosphere, efficient service and tasty, authentic food puts this one on my favorite list.
This is delayed review, but I like this place a lot and hope it does well. I've dined here twice and both were very good, although the atmosphere changed drastically in the few months between my trips. The first visit was a few weeks after they opened on a Friday in March 2013 and it was really loud and crowded at 7pm. The second time was on a Saturday in December 2013 and we were one of three couples in the restaurant at 6pm. I feel like its location is a detriment, because a lot of people might not know it exists. I ordered the same thing both times I was there, because I enjoyed my selections. 

Dining partner and I split appetizers of deviled eggs and welsh rarebit. The deviled eggs are purple-ish red from the beets they use and they were delicious. They give you 4 half eggs (not three like other places I've been to) so you can actually have two per person when sharing. The welsh rarebit was a fluffy piece of toast topped with a mix of cheese and mustard-y ale sauce. As an entree I enjoyed the roast beef sandwich, which was juicy and large enough to take home for a second meal. Dining partner had the fish and chips. The ginger beer is really refreshing to wash it all down. To finish the meal we ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding, delish, so glad I saved room! The service here both times was good and the decor is pretty cool, especially the ceiling.
I have been dying to try proper fish and chips. Hooray for The Victoria Freehouse! 

We came here around 8 pm on a Friday night. The place was pretty empty, which was kind of sad, but hey, more room for us! I started with a Pimms Cup, which is really tasty. For an appetizer, and at the suggestion of our awesome waitress, I tried the Welsh rarebit. Never having it before, I have nothing to compare Victoria's too, but I really enjoyed it. It's salty, but I'm a big fan of the sodium. 

For my meal I got fish and chips (the large, don't do it, it's so freaking big) and they were also good. The fish was cooked perfectly and the fries were AWESOME. M got the bangers and mash, which I assume were delicious by how quickly he scarfed them down. 

By the time we were done, we were completely happy and stuffed to the gills. I can't wait to come back here and try the rest of the menu.
love cider, and the freehouse has some i've never seen anywhere else.  visited on a quiet tuesday afternoon with a friend and took advantage of their happy hour.  pub snacks were half price, we ordered curried cheese chips which are kind of like cheese fries but sooo much better.  I'm not a huge spice fan and was worried the curry would be spicy but it wasn't.  the fries were seriously amazing.  the bartender was very knowledgeable and talked cider with me at length, ended up ordering Aspall cider brewed with blackberries- holy shit! it was so good.  My friend ordered a beer on special and enjoyed his as well.  really cool place planning to bring friends back for the weekend.
Thanks Stephanie for recommending (and the sampling) of the Well's Banana Bread / Young's Double Chocolate Stout mixed. It was awesome! 

Cool place where you can relax(at least when I was there- not crowded at all) and a nice happy hour. Excellent friendly, helpful service w/ a smile!
Staff was friendly, efficient and fun. Food was straightforward pub done really really well. Fish & chips were awesome.
This is a hidden gem.  Try the Crabby's Ginger Beer. Get it over ice, and get a slice of lemon or lime...either works!!!

Cool place, interesting appetizers, and friendly staff.
Great beer selection. Interesting menu, very British, of course.  I am looking forward to their brunch.  It is nice that they offer a vegetarian Full English Breakfast.
Went here for Saturday lunch and drinks with a friend, had a great time.  Great drink options, both beer and cocktails and most importantly, great food.  We had the chicken tikki masala and wings.  Can't wait to go back.
If you want great fish and chips in a clean environment, go to Victoria Freehouse. 

It is on the edge of Old City. You walk in and you are surrounded by warm wood paneling. There are tables and a bar. The bar is good. It would be perfect if they had a brass rail for you to rest your feet on. 

In addition to the tasty fish and chips, they have a great selection of beers from both the UK and the US. They even have, get this, a Monty Python "Holy Ail" It was tasty. They also have a selection of ciders, wine and whiskey.
I have gone to the Victoria Freehouse several time and it has yet to disappoint.  I have tried many things on the menu and have been really happy with all of my choices. The appetizers were perfect portions so they do not make you too full for your meal. The Tikki Masala was so flavorful and the rice underneath was perfect.  The Shepard's Pie is fantastic and I am absolutely going to get that again.                                                    
The staff is incredibly knowledgeable, and the beer selection is awesome.  

I will be back!!!!
Excellent and unique draft and cocktail list.  Food menu is an approachable mix of solid British classics and the restaurant's own twist on a few of those classics.  Staff is deeply knowledgeable (and enthusiastic!) about Victoria Freehouse's draft list and food menu.  A comfortable, friendly place that makes you want to return again and again.
My favorite place to hang out in Old City!  Ed and Perry are amazing and Stef the bartender can make a mean drink.  When I die, I want to be buried with their Bacon-Wrapped Dates, in my hand.  Such a fun atmosphere, and I highly recommend this place.
Came here for happy hour (of course). A nice selection of  British, Irish and Scottish beers. 20 0z. for $5 bucks is a good deal for such standards as Belhaven & Fuller's. Also some hard to find others (not included in happy hour- boo), but available in half- pints; yay! Was not crowded at all on a Thurs. early eve.

The atmosphere is nice and cozy, and the bartenders/ servers were helpful and friendly. The bacon wrapped dates were an amazing snack! Skip the rarebit. it was bland cheese on a piece of toast w/hardly any sauce.

Overall an O.K experience.Felt very welcome here. I would return when I'm in the mood for some a nice imperial pint (or 1/2) of  imported ale and those dates.
Pretty good British pub food. Did not have anything fried (fish and chips, etc). Friendly waters and  very nice interiors.
This place is a neighborhood gem. I've tried different items from the menu and almost all of the small plates, all of them have been delicious and never bland. Plus the ambience it's always right, never too crowded, very comfy and they're always playing good alternative music.
Great English food- full English breakfast, bubble and squeak, black pudding all were done well. Good turnout for the Liverpool match too. Didn't have any of the beers, but it looks like they have a decent selection. It's exactly what I was expecting, nothing more but nothing less.
Fantastic food! Great selection of beers and we made it there for happy hour. My kids were psyched to have IrnBru again, which they had not had since leaving Scotland. The scotch eggs and bacon wrapped dates are delicious, everyone enjoyed their entrees. Service is stellar!
Good beer list, good service, good food. Stopped in by chance while my family and I were exploring Philly. Great scotch eggs and burger and the fish chips and shepherds pie were solid.
We stopped in here for dinner on our first night in Philly to show our solidarity with the old country and we were not disappointed. The scotch egg was absolutely stupendous and the shepard's pie & bangers & mash were, in a word, sublime.
I LOVE this place. I have spent a lot of time in the UK and it's definitely 'authentic.' They pour Imperial pints and make unbelievable fish and chips, along with killer full breakfasts and puddings. The service is always friendly. The reviews questioning certain beers and the presence of Indian food on the menu have just never been to the UK, obviously. Huge plus?? Liverpool supporters!!
Probably the best selection of English brews in the city, cask, draught and bottled.  Food-wise the Sunday roast is very good.
Starting tonight!
May 22, 2013
Quizzo with Irish John.
Yes!
Very happy to see this place in Old City.  A good spot to go to to avoid the Jersey nightclubbers and people that treat the city like their garbage can when going out in Old City.

Love cask ale and they always have a couple on tap.  The English pub food is great.  I recommend the scotch egg.

Overall, the staff was very helpful and attentive and the ambiance was great.
I came here a few weeks ago for Quizzo night and food. As soon I entered I noticed the dark bar decor that is common on British bars.
Some of my friends ordered beer - they have a decent selection. I got the curried cheese chips which is hand cut fries with cheese and curry sauce. The curry sauce flavor was a bit strong for me, considering they advertise it as "mild". The bread pudding (I think that's what it was called) was decent as well. My friends really enjoyed their fish and chips.
Service was great, the waiter was very attentive despite the fact that we were so distracted by the game. I'm not blown away by the food but then again British food isn't that great :P
Overall, it was fun  because of the quizzo game and the accommodating staff.
Fantastic beer selection.  The fullers porter is worth the price of admission.  But the veggie curry was to die for.  the atmosphere was perfect for relaxing at the end of the week. Meghan the server was friendly and helpful.  Dug the Brit tunes as well.
Just came back from brunch at this very British watering hole. Brit beers abound. I love pub food, as I lived there while attending University. I had to have scotch eggs, and sausage in pastry. Not as mushy as the bangers of my youth but a very nice and pleasurable alternative, yum!!! My husband got the full breakfast and it delivered, exactly what it should be. Well here is to the local in Philadelphia, with a wonderful new spin.
Great food, drinks, and performance venue!  I initially came for a burlesque show series entitled "Full Front Street," during which on a particular evening I knew a few of the featured performers.  While the performance was my main reason for attending, I was as equally impressed with the quality of the food and beverage.  I ordered my usual cider and the mac and cheese--AMAZING!  Had I been hungrier, I would have ordered the fries, which received high praise from friends of mine who had ordered them.  Service is prompt and professional, and while the menu items are not cheap, they're not astronomically expensive either.  Definitely looking forward to returning for another installment of "Full Front Street" or for another performance!
My husband and I had a great time at the English pub.  My husband worked in London for a bit and he thought the pub was spot on. We  had yummy bangers and mash which is sausages and mash potatoes with gravy.  We also had tasty Kedgeree which is curry rice with fish. Kedgeree is Indian food done the English way like a lot of casual English food is. 

We also had mead and Irish cider for drinks. We enjoyed the ambiance and appreciated the service. We are from out of state, but we visit Philly 2 to 4 times a year. We will definitely be back.
The service was very bad and the food was bland. The Shepard pie and chicken pie was greasy.  Even though it was empty there on Sunday, everything Taste like it was from a microwave .I would advise people  to never visit this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
