Thank you Yelper friends for this recommendation. We were in the area and hadn't been to Manayunk in years. We were looking for a cozy, friendly, neighborhood spot for Happy Hour...Yelp to the rescue!
The Goats Beard was perfect. A great HH cocktail to wet my whistle and a dark beer for F, started us off. KFC wings (Korean Fried Chicken) was really good along with crab sliders and Brussels sprouts. Enough to warm and fill us.
The Atmos is really comfortable and the bartenders are fun and know their stuff. 
Sports on the telly, if you're into that, will round out the evening. We will definitely be back.
I have visited this location in Manayunk many times and the location in Wayne a few times!  I enjoy the vibe in Manayunk...Mood is def on 'chill'...if you come for a date--it has a romantic vibe as well...this is for the grown and sexy for sure...lol

I usually stop by the location in Manayunk for Happy Hour and late night dinner and snacks.  The HH is from 4:30p-7p-cocktails and draft beers-$5; Beers-$6 red and white wines.  There are also appetizer specials for $7!

The servers and bartenders are helpful and friendly !
The food is good and the prices are reasonable!

One of my recommendations is if you doubt what I am saying...start with the hummus (it is yummy) and go from to see if you'll stay to check out more dishes!  

Overall...nice spot for drinks and food..enjoy your visit!
Friends told me the food at The Goat's Beard was awesome, but a bit pricey.  To me, awesome eats trend to be pricier, so JJ & I ventured down for dinner.

The first thing I noticed was the place has come a long way from Thomas'.  Yes, I realize since it was Thomas' its been a revolving door of restaurant and bar names, but none of them had staying power and I never managed to check any of them out.  Back to the point, the place has been cleaned up and could be called fancy now.  We both felt a little under-dressed, but it still is just main street so we rolled on.

We were promptly seated for our reservation and our waiter was on point.  He described the specials and even made recommendations.  The best part was that his recommendations seemed sincere and not out to guide us to the most expensive items on the menu.  We ended up ordering the fries Carlos style, Steak mac & cheese, and the day boat scallops plate.

At first, I had to disagree with my friends who said the Goat's Beard was pricey.  Once the entrees arrived I could see what they meant, as the portions were slightly undersized.  Don't get me wrong, I didn't leave hungry.  More importantly, awesome was a perfect description of the quality.  The Carlos fries were unique and tasty, the mac & cheese cheesy as can be, and the scallops cooked to the right level with just the right amount of melted leeks.

Overall, an excellent date venue with a balanced value proposition (quality, portion, service), which I can safely recommend.  Enjoy!
Best addition to Manayunk in a very, very long time.  I've been twice since it opened and it's been great every time.  Staff is knowledgeable and friendly, offering up suggestions should you have a question.  I've had several items on the menu, so here it goes:

Wheatberry Salad - Awesome - the raisins add a nice touch of sweetness
Cobb Salad - Really nice preparation, small dish but very good
Wings - Very good and not too much heat
Duck Spring Rolls - Mustard served with the rolls is incredible.  Not a huge fan of duck and I loved these
Veggie Lasagna - Lentils, eggplant, fresh moz...New twist on an old classic.  Me and my friend were really enjoying it.  Make it bigger :)
Fish Tacos - I lived in Cali for 8 years and these are the best I've had since I've been back.  Fish is light, not too much sauce and a hint of lime,  Favorite thing on the menu - so far.
Fish and Chips - 2nd favorite on the menu.  Fries are homemade and match-stick like - YUM.  Fish is light and batter fried.  Served with malt vinegar and a creamy pepper sauce on the side.

Next up - BURGER

Definitely check this place out.
Such a cute little bar! If I lived nearby I think this is the place my friends and I would designate as the official "meet up a couple times a week after work to catch up" spot. 

The atmosphere is relaxed and chill. It's lithe comfort and friendliness of a dive bar without the gross bathrooms and better decor. 

They have great deals on drinks too and a fairly decent menus of foods to choose from. If your local I would highly suggest this place (thought you probably already know all about it).
Recently moved to Manayunk and everyone has raved about The Goat's Beard so my boyfriend and I made a point to visit. The food is good, typical comfort food but prepared in unconventional ways. The Goat Nuggets are good, the mussels, the wings, etc. Not a bad happy hour spot. 

But this review is for the SERVICE. Every time we go we leave feeling uncomfortable and unwelcome. The servers are all pretty, young girls probably attending college in the area, who feel that they are doing you a favor by gracing you with their presence. They make comments, they roll their eyes, they sigh, they argue with you. Every single time we have patroned this restaurant the food has come out wrong - every single time. Usually its an uncomfortable thing to have food sent back and corrected, but occasionally it needs to be.

It sounds silly, but my boyfriend hates onions and asked the server to omit the onions from his Goat Burger. When it arrived, covered in caramelized onions -- we looked around for our server. After waiting for quite some time -- we finally asked the hostess if we could get some help. We explained to her about the burger and she looked at us incredulously, "so... you want a new one... or what." My boyfriend, uncomfortable and embarrassed at this point looked about to concede. Finally I cut him off. "YES, we would please like a new burger." She rolled her eyes, grabbed the plate and stomped off. 

Two seconds later our server comes back, apologizes for the burger and says, "Can we just scrape them off?" Sheepishly, he apologized and said no, they were covered in onions and he just didn't want it that way. 

She continued. "But you just had the wings and they were covered in the same onions." (I had ordered the wings -- for me -- I love onions. (Does this sound like a ridiculous conversation to anyone else????)

Clearly uncomfortable and unwilling to argue about something so trivial, he just said to forget it altogether. She came back to the table 3 times, loudly and immaturely clanking glasses and clearing away utensils we were still using. 

Five minutes later -- she comes back with a burger and a box -- saying that the kitchen wanted to make it anyway. (A box?? Are you kicking us out? Very clearly she did not want to serve us.) 

Every one in a while you get a crappy server whose overdeveloped sense of self gives them the false idea that they are better than you. Rarely is it a reflection of the restaurant itself.

However, similar situations have occurred every single time we have eaten at The Goat's Beard. There are better, cheaper options in Manayunk and certainly in Philadelphia. We won't be coming back.
Manayunk finally got it's "missing piece." A whisky bar!  Goat's Beard has an eclectic menu, plenty of gluten free options, and a good selection of whisky. We stopped here on a sunny Sunday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner. The windows were open and there were a lot of tables set up outside. We opted to sit at the bar. The place has a cozy yet modern vibe to it, there's a lot of wood work and some contemporary leather stools. 

I was hoping to try the wings (which are listed on the online menu), unfortunately, they weren't printed on the menu we received that day. We ordered the duck spring rolls to start and I got the fish tacos, while my other half ordered the burger. While we waited for our food I ordered up the signature "Goat's Beard" cocktail and my husband had a bourbon. 

I really liked my drink and we both thought our food selections were delicious. The spring rolls were flavorful and crispy, the fish tacos were perfectly cooked and very filling. (You get two tacos per order, but they are large and stuffed to the brim). The burger was also great. I'm usually not a fan of blue cheese on my burger and opt for sharp cheddar, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. 

Our bartender was great. She was very friendly and attentive. Overall we had a good experience at Goat's Beard and will definitely be back. 

I think they are still working out some things since they aren't even a month old yet. I'd suggest that they put their hours up on their website and on the door as well (we showed up at 3:45 to eat on a Sunday and they said they'd open in 45 minutes. We returned at 4:30 and sat down ready to order, and they said the kitchen didn't open until 5.  Also, some of the waitstaff seemed a little flustered when we first got there, maybe because they weren't really prepared to be open until 5.  Those are minor points that I'm sure will be worked out over the next few weeks.
The establishment has a relaxed, slightly up-scale ambiance. Like other whiskey bars, you appreciate the bartender's artistry and attention to detail while preparing a cocktail. They are known for making an excellent Old Fashioned - quality ingredients and no shortage in potency. I can personally vouch to it.

The food menu complements the nice selection of drinks. I've been here a number of occasions and have sampled the Goat's burger, buttermilk fried wings, and one of their house specialties, the pork and kimchi fries. All were well prepared and tasty. I'm a fan!
I was looking for a nice alternative to Thomas', I haven't been there in years, but all I got was a bright makeover.  I mean, Thomas's was OK, and so is Goat's Beard.

There was a nice selection of beers on tap, but the two IPA's were 10% ABV and 11% ABV.  A nice 7% or so would be a nice balance.  So right away I was limited in my consumption.  The house pinot grigio was a 2 star wine, a little too sweet, a little too fruity, almost like it was bottled last month.

We split the falafel plate, which was interesting, some marinated olives, hummus, two fried falafel balls with a decent tzatziki (yogurt) dipping sauce, some sundried tomatoes, and some chopped romaine.  Interesting but not mind blowing, something to nibble on with your drinks.  I would probably pass the next time and try something else.

I ordered the Lancaster County chicken, very flavorful, tender and moist, served over pureed sweet potato with a BBQ sauce, supposed to be sriracha BBQ, but I could not detect any heat.  This was a 3 star dish.  My friend ordered the fish tacos.  Again, not bad, average, flash fried fluke, a tasty tomato salsa.

Overall OK, there never has been any mind blowing gastro-pub in Manayunk, so why start now.
I usually never review service or food on a new restaurant or bar. I always wait a couple of months to let them work the kinks out. Not so with this place.

Great cocktails. The signature drink 'Goats Beard' is like a Bourbon mojito. Could be my Summer drink.  Food was fresh and inventive, tapas style portions allowed a sampling. Food & drinks arrived on schedule and the place looked great. Pretty impressive since it's only been open a week.

I'll be back for sure, hope they get some outside seeing soon!
Loved the vibes, what a perfect spot for hangout and have some cheese and drinks.

Will definitely comeback with friends.
We've been wanting to try The Goat's Beard for brunch for a while, so we got to Manayunk extra early this Sunday to get prime parking and be there when they opened their doors. It's a good thing we got there right away because within 20 minutes, the entire place was packed with only select seating available at the bar. 

When we walked in the restaurant, I smelled the faintest scent of Old Bay seasoning, so when I ordered my bacon, egg and cheese, I requested their Old Bay fries instead of the breakfast fries and it was such a clutch decision. Their Old Bay fries rocked my socks off! My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burger with Old Bay fries and our friend ordered the chorizo tacos with a side of Old Bay fries (are you seeing a pattern here? ;) We were all very pleased with our meals as well as the presentation of our food. Although The Goat's Beard is on the pricier side for brunch, it was definitely worth it. 

I enjoyed the laid back Sunday morning atmosphere at The Goat's Beard. Despite being a popular place, the wait staff let us take our time and did not rush us out.Overall, The Goat's Beard is a great brunch place to delight in the warm and inviting decor while conversing with friends over a tasty meal to begin concluding the weekend.
I visited The Goat's Beard for the first time on Friday night (their first weekend night!).  As soon as I walked in I couldn't believe the face lift they gave this bar.  It is absolutely stunning inside and has such a warm, welcoming feel! 5 stars to the interior decorating team!   My friend and I sat at the bar and the bartender took the time to introduce herself as well as the other bartenders.  They did not miss a beat all night and really took good care of us!  I had the fish and chips and they were fantastic!  Very fresh and the perfect portion!  They had a great beer selection on tap as well as a variety of wines and specialty drinks.  I can definitely see this place being the new "hot spot" and go to on a week/weekend night.  Great crowd, great atmosphere, and great staff!  I can't wait to go back again soon!
I've had the Goat's Beard bookmarked practically since before it opened on Main St in Manayunk. This could have led to disaster, with the Beard not living up to long-held expectations. But the restaurant/bar did a great job. 

It's a very small location. The bar only holds about 10-12 customers. From my spot at the bar, I could only see three tables near the bar, and a couple more in the back. The Goat's Beard does a casual, clean, homey feel very well. It feels like an easy, neighborhood bar with a very large whiskey list. 

The menu is relatively small as well, but had some really unexpected twists. Like chicken tikka masala? I was so tempted to order this. Have you tried it? Is it good? My boyfriend and I met up with two of our friends, and I was luckily able to sample a lot. Myself, I ordered the eggplant parm sandwich ($12.50) which was yummy. The sauce was really delicious, not standard, but there wasn't quite enough of it for the thickly sliced eggplant. The french fries are definitely homemade, probably twice fried, and have some really wonderful savory spices. My bf got the "side" mac & cheese ($10), which was a big portion (luckily, considering the price!) and featured gnocchi instead of macaroni. Definitely hearty and tasty. A friend ordered the fish and chips (15.5), and luckily for me he only ate half of it. The fish had a pretty authentic batter, a little too crispy for my liking though. The entree is served with a kimchi remoulade which I would happily put on a flip flop and eat, as Guy Fieri would say. 

The bar menu had some specialty cocktails which looked delicious, but $8-11 was a little bit more than I wanted to spend on a Sunday evening. But looking at their website, there are daily specials totally worth going back for. For example, Thursday features $5 specialty cocktails and I'd love to go back and try their Strawberry infused tequila, agave, and fresh sour mix!
This was our first dining out experience since COVID. We called and were able to get a reservation for the next day. Upon being sat at our table our waitress was very nice and friendly. We ordered some drinks that were fantastic. However I reordered one and it tasted completely different then the first so not sure if it was a different bartender the second time or not. The food was also delicious, we got chicken nuggets, Cesar salad, short rib cheesesteak and fries. All was super delicious, the only thing I didn't love was the food was served in paper take out trays like you would get at a fair. I noticed some dishes came on real plates so I was confused. It was just a little hard eating a salad out of the tray. 

I also did go to the restroom. It wasn't COVID friendly. There was no trashcan next to the doors or anything so you had to touch the door handles with you bare hands (or find somewhere else to throw out your paper towel). 

Overall, it was great food and sitting outside was a nice touch. I will definitely be back!
Quite possibly the worst dine in experience I've ever had at any establishment. 

It started by our party of 3 waiting for a table for 30 minutes after placing our name on the list and after being told they would call us in 5-10 minutes--at this point multiple tables were already open. After waiting for this long, we had to flag down the hostess and she said that she had "called" despite us not receiving any phone call and despite her seeing our party waiting outside. 

After that, we got our waters 15 minutes after being seated

After our waters, our waitress finally came over another 15 min later. We decided to place our order of drinks, apps and our entrees all at once to make it easy for our waitress and to avoid any further wait time, we placed the order at exactly 6:06PM. 

We received our drinks and apps--which were PHENOMENAL--so at this point we were having a wonderful time. We placed an order of the TGB smash burgers for the entire table (3 people total) because it seemed super easy and convenient. No add ons or anything special about the burgers. 

However, we began to notice that the 2 tables seated 10-30 minutes AFTER us (1 table of 5 and 1 table of 3) all received their entrees before us. These tables both had also ordered some burgers. 

We flagged down the waitress again at 7:05 PM and at this point after noticing the trend of how long it takes, just decided to get the bill and leave. 

It's one thing to forget our order, it's another thing to have us seated at an empty table for an hour after multiple new tables got the same entree as us before we did. 

The service was severely lacking. We came to this restaurant based on their great reviews and we were all visiting from out of state because we had just gone hiking close by. 

We also got no explanation from the hostess or server regarding what had happened and no attempt at rectifying the issue let alone an "I'm sorry."
Since moving to Manayunk/Roxborough, The Goat's Beard has been high on my list of prices to try - unfortunately it tends to fill up fast and can be tough to get in even on weekday nights.  However, this Halloweekend Saturday we wandered down to main street pretty early (like 4pm), so even The Goat's Beard was pretty empty. 

We started off at a table outside, but quickly got chilled. Our amazing waitress got us a table inside, right by the windows so we could still people watch.  The on-tap selection of beers was different and pretty wide, and the menu had lots of goodies on it.  Since it was early, I went with the beer soup, and we shared the cheese fries.  Both were very, very good - the soup especially, served with cheesy toast and thick with potatoes and onions. 

Overall The Goat's Beard did not disappoint - really good food and really good service. My only hesitation on 5 stars is that its a tad pricey ($8.50 for cheese fries is a lot, even if they have buchemel on them).
What an awesome addition to Main Street, and such a HUGE upgrade over the previous place.

It just opened, but everything in this place was clicking like a well-oiled machine. First off, the drinks. I had one too many "Goat's Beards", some made with simple syrup and some without. I prefer my drinks a little more on the sweet side, so the simple syrup was awesome.

For appetizers, we had a cheese plate, wings, and mussels. The mussels were good. The wings had a perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The highlight, however, was when the owner came out and personally apologized for bringing out our second plate of wings too slowly, and gave it to us for free ... it wasn't even 10 minutes!

The entrees were perfectly done. I had fish tacos, breaded and cooked perfectly, while my boyfriend had the duck breast. Portion size was also perfect: we both cleaned off our plates without feeling disgustingly full.

I'm definitely coming back here. The wings and the "Goat's Beard" drink will be my mainstays. And the fact that it's only been open for two weeks, and the food, drinks and service are already top-notch ... this place flat out knows what it's doing.
Big fan of The Beard!!!

I met my husband and sister-in-law here for dinner after work in the city on a Friday and we had some good times! I arrived early and was seated at one of the little tables by the bar. What a great place...cool and casual and fun, seemingly a desirable place to spend a Friday night. I quickly ordered some drinks and food items for everyone since happy hour was about to end, and my lovely dinner companions showed up just a few minutes after our items of deliciousness arrived. We enjoyed some "goat nuggets" which were actually chicken bites with blue cheese and sriracha as well as some falafel. Apps were good and tasty and then we ordered some dinner...LOVED my salmon, smashed potatoes, and julienned veggies which were all super delicious. Oh, and did I mention that we ordered an entire extra entree, the steak mac 'n cheese, to share? Because, really, who can come here and resist trying that?? SO good and I loved the gnocchi in there. The place became dark and busy, making us feel special for our prime table seating. For dessert, we ordered the fried brownie, which was alsdkjfalsdfjasldkj yum.

Loved the atmosphere, the music, the great service, and the food. And with our happy hour items, we made out with a pretty good deal on our multiple courses even without taking advantage of the Restaurant Week menu that was being offered at the time. All around awesome and I would totally come back for more!
Stopped by for dinner on first Friday. It was crowded, but we were able to get a table immediately. We started with a cheese plate and then I had the steak mac and cheese and my husband had the pork ribs. Both were delicious. The whiskey cocktail I ordered was also good (and I appreciate that the prices are listed on their cocktail menu).

The portions are indeed not the oversized piles of food you see at a lot of other restaurants - and I really hope they don't change. We both left the restaurant comfortably full but not over stuffed, and I'd rather have a small, quality meal than a large mediocre one.
Can someone please come back here with me? I honestly haven't tried enough on their menu but a friend recommended this place as a good spot in Manayunk, and we left quite the happy customers. 

There were a good selection of comfort food with a twist, but having just had dinner, the only dish we tried were their goat nuggets, which were packed with flavor - like an elevated version of crispy popcorn chicken drizzled with siracha and blue cheese. 

We also sampled their Whiskey Bible, which featured mostly American but some Scotch and a few Irish whiskeys. I had them on the rocks but you can pay a few bucks extra to substitute them in any specialty cocktail. Their cocktails were pretty strong, not that anyone's complaining. 

Looking forward to the next visit!
There not going to deep fry frozen food and dump it on your plate.  They are not going to pour shitty booze into plastic cup and call it a cocktail.  

If that is what you are looking for pump the breaks...

If you want a quality dining experience, go to The Goat.

If you want the best drink in Manayunk go to The Goat.
Yum! Came here for happy hour snacks and man were they delicious. I love places that offer exotic flavored french fries and man did they deliver, and also the goat nuggets are little nuggets sent down from the Gods ;) The seasoning on both dishes was yummy and they were so big that it ended up being my dinner despite sharing it with people. 

The atmosphere is romantic yet fun and the servers were all super knowledgable, friendly, and attentive.

This will definitely be a go-to spot for me and I'll continue to update as I try more things here!
The Goat's Beard is truly a hidden gem!  Actually, I'm not sure if it's hidden or not but either way it's a freakin' gem.  We were in Philly for business and decided to venture out for dinner and came across this place.  It's on the corner of a cool and eclectic little village-type area with lots of shops and such.  

We walked in and were unsure of what to expect but found it to have a really cool atmosphere, very modern and hip.  We were seated promptly and got to it with the drink menu.  There were some beers and cocktails, and then there was an option for a Bourbon flight.  Given that it was a Tuesday, I did NOT go that route although it was interesting to see. We ordered up a couple of apps, including the hummus which was really tasty.  

For main dishes, I went with the tikka masala.  I was surprised to even find that on the menu but it was extremely good.  It was true to the nature of the dish but it had a little bit of a unique flair as well.  The others in my group got steak tacos and I got to sample one - it was wonderful!  Full of flavor and texture with the meat, cabbage, cilantro and salsa.  Everything was reasonably priced and high quality.

This place is a little off the beaten path but it's worth it, I tell ya!  Check it out
I was at Goat's Beard about a week after it opened, and had a fun time with a group of friends. The building itself looks great inside, although the second floor has a completely different vibe from the first floor bar area - much more of an upscale restaurant feel versus a nice whiskey bar. Both floors looked good, but consider which ambiance you want when choosing seats.

The 'different' thing about this restaurant compared to most is that the portion size is somewhere between standard meal and tapas. The prices are a touch below a standard meal portion, so it works out in the end.

Drinks are good - I highly recommend 'The Goat's Beard', which is similar to bourbon lemonade, but with a bit of mint as well. Refreshing! Nice sized beer list as well, both bottles and drafts.

Food-wise, it was just about all good: The wings were large with pieces of jalapeno and onion in an asian-style hot sauce. I'm not one for soy sauce, but the little bit in there actually helped it. The duck spring rolls were flavorful but not overly heavy. The fish in the fish & chips was buttery and flaky, with just the right amount of seasoning. Fries a touch on the salty side for me, but still enjoyable.

The one item I was not thrilled with was the 'mac and cheese' of the 'Steak Mac & Cheese'. The menu did advertise it as gnocchi instead of pasta, and topped with asiago, parmesan, and cheddar. What came out was a fairly bland gnocchi in cream sauce. It was the dish I was looking forward to most, which made it the disappointing dish of the night. I hate to have one item be the difference between four and five stars for me, but that one does it.

Overall though, a good restaurant, and a great new addition to Manayunk!
We went on the restaurant's first day open to the public.  Aesthetically, the place looks AMAZING!  Such a difference from what Thomas' looked liked and the two or three disasters that took over afterwards.  So, five stars for design.

We sat at the bar since there weren't any tables open, and we received excellent service from the bar staff.  I order the steak mac and cheese and my boyfriend got the burger.  I was feeling like a fat kid, and thought the steak would be mixed in with the mac and cheese, but it is served as steak with a side of mac and cheese.  I was a little sad, but it tasted great.  The burger was also yummy.  We enjoyed the specialty drinks and craft beers that were available.  

Only downfalls - it took a second to find the hostess, it was a little overpriced, and the portions were waaaaaayyy too small.  I'm sure they were still working out the kinks, and hopefully things have improved.  Being two blocks away from our house, I'm sure we'll go back to Goat's Beard, but maybe not so often ($$$).
Be warned, this place is not as gluten free friendly as they claim to be.

Stopped in here about a month ago after I'd been diagnosed with a gluten intolerance. I was impressed and excited to see gluten free items clearly marked on the menu. I ordered the mussels with fries, which was marked as gluten free.

It wasn't until my dish came out that I found out from the waitress their fries are coated in flour. Since the fries are served in the same dish as the mussels, the dish is not gluten free at all.

I'm gluten intolerant and not Celiac, so I took my chances and just ate the mussels, avoiding the fries and the broth. But I left hungry and disappointed.

A piece of advice for Goat's Beard: If your dish is not 100% gluten free, DO NOT MARK IT AS GLUTEN FREE IN YOUR MENU.
The Goat's Beard continues to deliver on high quality food and drink.  It has been a while since I revisited my review, however, their consistency has not changed.  Over the years, they have adjusted their happy hour times, enhanced their cocktail menu, and even expanded their food offering with some Detroit style pizza.

I've kept most of my recent visits to cocktails and sitting at the bar often enough I can say I appreciate the patience of their bartenders. I'll usually get a whiskey or bourbon drink in the winter while the 30 Day Strawberry is my go-to summer drink.  If you are looking for something specific, I'm sure they can make it up for you!

Food wise, my last few visits have been Pizza.  I won't claim they are the best pizza on Main street, nor will I say you absolutely need to check out their Detroit style pies, however, I will say you probably won't be disappointed if you do.  Their pork sandwich is another solid dining option.

Having witnessed this location change names between it being Thomas' and The Goat's Beard, I'm glad to see The Goat's Beard sticking around.  I will be back soon for more cocktails.  I'll be likely be back for a nice seat down meal as well.
This place has all my typical food cravings while I am enjoying a delicious beverage, but with a little extra kick. 

Some must have options:
-P.E.I. Mussels
-Buttermilk Fried Wings
-Mac & Cheese that comes with steak!
-Goat nuggets - essentially buffalo chicken nuggets but with Sriracha and blue cheese
-The cheese plate - because if you don't like cheese you are no friend of mine!

As you can see I really don't get past the appetizer section but there really is no need.  If there are only 2 of you or a bigger group get a bunch of these and you will be happy.  They claim they try to purchase foods locally so the menu is subject to change but every time I have went theses have always been on the menu because they realize they are winners.  On main dinner nights I would make reservations (at least I'm assuming you can because I showed up for a pre-planned b-day bash once).  I have not tried any of their speciality drinks but they do have a nice beer menu.  It's Manayunk so parking is never great so take the train or just suck it up and drive around the block a few times.
Our family had an excellent experience at The Goat's Beard this afternoon. Both the food and the service was excellent, and it was had at a fair price point.

We had a carafe of 1/2 priced sangria (Saturday special), the salmon poke, the avocado on toast, the fish tacos, the crab cake sandwich, and the crunchy Thai chicken salad.

The crab cake sandwich was a standout - my wife who normally dislikes crab cakes liked my sandwich. My kids loved the avocado on toast and the fish tacos were showstopping.

The only weak item was the crunch Thai chicken salad, which wasn't bad, just ok. 

I also have to commend our waitress who did an excellent job taking care of us. I forgot her name, but I'm sure we'll be back soon enough!
I'll preface this review by stating the staff was great and the food was good. I'm giving a 2 star rating because of the owners "penny wise dollar foolish" business approach . I ordered fries as a side . There was barely any ketchup . I asked for some more. I was shocked they charge 0.50 for a condiment . First time in my life I was charged extra for ketchup . I paid the bill of $145 and didn't complain to the staff because it's not their fault. It's purely the owner's fault for being cheap. I won't be going back and I'll make sure I let people know purely on principle alone. Even the staff agreed with me
Dined here for a friend's birthday dinner & we had the 3rd floor all to ourselves, which was nice. I ordered the "Goat" Nuggets & "The Goat" Burger. The "Goat" Nuggets were nothing spectacular. The texture and taste was more like popcorn chicken than chicken nuggets. "The Goat" Burger was accompanied with fries. The size of the burger is much smaller than your typical burger that you would order from a bar. I devoured everything on top of splitting the "Goat" Nuggets with my BF.  Surprisingly, I was still, I wouldn't say hungry, but not full, which is very unusual. If you're refraining from ordering the burger because you think you'll be overly stuffed, trust me, you won't be. The burger tasted typical. Not bad, but nothing special. 

The service on the other hand, was a bit unusual. I mentioned that we dined here for a friend's birthday dinner right? Well, our server decided that it was "OK" to light the candles on the cake in FRONT of our friend, when we specifically moved the cake to the other side of the room, so it'll be behind her & won't see it coming. Our server was oblivious & didn't seem to understand how birthday dinners work. Throughout the evening, he wasn't terrible, but wasn't all that attentive. Our waters were refilled by the time they were completely empty. Overall, not the best experience in terms of food & service.
Unfinished.

If there is a single word which sums up my experience, and the restaurant itself, it is "unfinished". That isn't to say that the Goat's Beard doesn't have its charms. Whoever designed the bar, and the area immediately surrounding it did a phenomenal job. From what I can see, the plateware was chosen carefully and works well with the food. I just dearly wish that this was reflected in the food.
The Goat's Beard is a jumble, a pretty jumble, with what looks like some very great ideas, but is a jumble nonetheless. The menu seemed disjointed and out of order. It started with what seemed to be appetizers but included an entrée (fish and chips), dropped to salads, then to what seemed like entrees and then to sandwiches. That's fine, but when you generally play with sizes of portions, as they warn people when they first sit down, it makes it somewhat difficult to plan a meal. Are they all sized similarly, trying to take the "American tapas" vibe they preach? Maybe. But when you're dining on a budget, it's a little tricky to place the first time out.

I should get onto the prices...they're not bad, but they're not great either. Portion size is fairly small, and from what I saw on the plates the "protein" to "everything else" is noticeably lower than the norm. Drink prices were, for me, pricy and while a beer fan I didn't see anything on the menu which made me say, "Oh, I'd like to try it". Prices are roughly equivalent to Lucky's down the street, but unlike there you feel awkward at the idea of getting a cheaper brand.

But, of course, what counts the most is the food. After getting much praise on Yelp, and with personally being a big fan of the dish, I ordered the Fish and Chips. I wouldn't do it again. The fish itself was cooked perfectly, with an excellent crust and juicy inside, but I have to question the choice of fluke as the main fish. It seemed to have such a delicate flavor that when fried, all I tasted was the fried crust. The fries were well cooked...very well cooked, and after seeing them done wrong repeatedly at other restaurants I can appreciate that but they had the misfortune to being served with a god-awful pepper sauce...thing. It tasted as if is had gone slightly rancid, and sent black clouds over the whole dish.

In short, my first visit has not been confidence inspiring. Still, I love their concept, and can see what they're trying to be. I like what they are trying to do, I just don't feel like they've done enough iterations to work out all the kinks, weed out the bad dishes and streamline the operation. But I'm just one person The other people in the restaurant seemed to be genuinely enjoying themselves, many people here on Yelp have seemed to enjoy their experience, so can I lambaste the entire restaurant after one subpar experience? Well, a little, but I'm willing to be proven wrong. Just...not right away. I need to get the first impression out of my head.
Service was quick and food was good but nothing special. I ordered a side of fries and the brisket mac & cheese. Neither blew me away...the fries were average and I wasn't really a fan of the brisket but the mac & cheese was delicious. 

I thought the menu was all over the place from having pulled pork to hummus to coconut curry. I'm not a fan of restaurants that offer multiple cuisines.

I ate outdoors but used the restroom inside. The restroom was the cleanest public restroom I've ever used! The indoor dining area was also clean and all staff were wearing masks. 

Overall, I had a good experience here and would go back if I was looking for a quick meal.
A delicious weeknight dinner in Manayunk! Came here on a Thursday evening during restaurant week, and while it was busy, there were sidewalk tables to be had and the evening was still relatively warm, so we happily sat outside and did some people watching. The restaurant week deal was tempting, but 3 courses is a lot of food, and I usually prefer to spend my dinner dollars on drinks and an entree, maybe an app, but almost never dessert. However, word to the wise to check out the nightly drink specials. Thursday is Thirsty Thursday and there were $5 cocktails available all night.

Sadly the cocktails we both wanted weren't on the specials list, so we splurged on the full-price options. The one I had was a house-infused strawberry tequila concoction that was delicious. He had an old fashioned and seemed pleased. We skipped apps because we had our eyes on the prize: sirloin mac and cheese. Yes, you heard me right. Good lord. We shared that and the grilled ham and cheese and couldn't have been more pleased with our selections.

The sirloin mac and cheese is actually a cheesy gnocchi gratin, with a portion of grilled sliced sirloin on top. It was rich, satisfying, and perfectly on-point. The grilled ham and cheese was also excellent, the fig jam offering a nice sweet contrast to the salty serrano ham, and the bread was perfectly pressed in a panini press. It came with a bowl of sweet potato and apple soup that was also delicious and made for great sandwich dipping. For $14, this is a really solid value for dinner- the sandwich is large and the serving of soup is a nice-sized bowl. Perfect for fall.

We did end up getting dessert, but just one to share. Two words: fried. brownie. Everything it sounds like and more. It's absolutely delicious and served with vanilla gelato, so it's like a warm brownie sundae. Pretty much unbeatable.

Service as a little slow, and very... Manayunk, if you know what I mean (sweet girl, just a little on the sorority chick side). It was Restaurant Week, though, and we were seated outside which is usually the slow lane for food service, so your mileage may vary.
Boy oh boy, we loved our night at the Goat's Beard. Great food, nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good drink list. 

It seems small when you're downstairs, but there's a big dining room upstairs too.

I got a nice IPA on draft, and we started with some amazing (and bountiful) cheese fries. The cheese had a nice flavor and there were SO many fries.

For our dinners, we got the tuna poke bowl and the steak mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was inventive in that it used gnocchi instead of noodles - it was so creamy and rich and delicious. I loved my poke bowl with the very fancy black rice (that was tasty!) and ample fresh tuna, avocado, egg and crunchy wasabi peas and nuts. Just very well done, on both accounts.

Our server was kind and helpful, and gave us the attention we needed, but was not pushy! Water glasses stayed full (thank you!)

We will be back!!
This is my new go to place in Manayunk. The food was so delicious. We ordered the goat nuggets and buttermilk fried wings as an appetizer. The goat nuggets were delicious I would recommend them to anyone. They were super crispy and fresh. But the real great part of the night was the steak macaroni and cheese. Honestly it was the best dish I've ever had. The fish tacos were also noteworthy and were extremely fresh and flavorful and I've had a ton of fish tacos in my life. The craft cocktails are something to write home about and I definitely will be coming back to this place soon. Also had great service, our waiter was very attentive and friendly from The start. Great food and great drinks.
Wow. Just Wow. The goat nuggets are nuggets of gold. Probably some of the best things I have eaten in a while. This place seems like it has a great chefs and great management. Tom gave me the recommendation for the Goat nuggets because I was looking for something light and I like spicy food.

The staff are super friendly as well. They have Not your father's root beer here. All the customers here are super friendly as well. While at the bar I talked to a couple of the other customers and they all had great things to say about this place. I'll be back to try more of their menu. :D
We went shortly after they opened and I can't believe this is the place that used to be the Workhorse, it's been completely updated with great lighting and a warm atmosphere (slightly reminiscent of Agiato). Huge upgrades on ambiance, quality of cocktails, and of course, food. I tried the East Sider to start (New Amsterdam gin, muddled lime, simple syrup, cucumber) and loved it. Definitely a great drink for summer. For food I opted for the duck breast with swiss chard, white raisins and cherries. Again I thoroughly enjoyed the flavors and the presentation was nice.

Now for the negative. The duck breast (which included about 5 small slices of breast on an appetizer plate) was $16.00, a bit high for what I felt was in essence an appetizer. To be fair, our server (who was very attentive and friendly) did warn us that it would really take 2 items from what I assume was supposed to be the entree list and 1 item from the appetizer list to feed 2 people, but I am hoping the food prices drop as they hit their groove (or that they begin running some happy hour food specials, which would definitely get me to walk down after work).

All in all we had a good experience, and we'll definitely be going back (I did see a $12 burger that I'd like to try). A great place for date night but not the type of corner bar we're used to in Manayunk (which is not a bad thing of course). I'd recommend trying the place out for sure, and I wish them the best of luck.

Positives: great staff, amazing atmosphere, well conceived and executed cocktails and food.

Negatives: A bit pricey for the portion size. If you're looking to go on the cheap I'd stick to the burger or the fish tacos at the bottom of the menu.
I am so excited to see the location that was once good (as Thomas') and sunk into the trough of despair ("Workhorse") resurrect (appropriately, so close to Easter) as the Goat's Beard. The renovation to the space is beautiful. I would say that its ambiance is currently among the best in Manayunk (alongside places like Yanako). 

Our waitress was very friendly, and was very good at laughing at my bad jokes. This is an acquired skill, and so I appreciate it when people get it right. 

The menu was had an OK selection of entrees and sandwiches, and the price point was moderate. I had the burger, which was tasty, and my wife went with the pork belly, which she liked but found the portion to be on small side. I guess it was supposed to be like a tappas sort of deal. I'm sure that they will fine tune their menu over time, given that they just opened. 

The beer menu is good. They have a reasonable selection for craft brew enthusiasts, and the mixed drink list is creative. 

Overall, I would say to drop in and check it out if you happen to be in the area. There are currently better places in Manayunk, but I think it's worth supporting this concept, as I think the Goat's Beard has the potential to be a great place and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
My dining companion and I both know how hard it is opening a restaurant, and if Goat's Beard had been open for six month as opposed to just three days, this would be a two-star review (maybe I have a soft spot).  We definitely plan on returning, and I will re-evaluate when everything's had a little more time to fall into place.  We're thrilled to have a fun yet more "mature" new restaurant come to Main Street, and I cannot wait to see beyond the main bar area into the outdoor and upstairs dining spaces.

The décor in the bar area is lovely with warm wood elements and a cozy window seat that people really seemed to be enjoying.  However, the four-person high top tables are simply too big - there's not enough room for people to pass by let alone for anyone to stand in the bar area.  Not too sure how a bar in Manayunk can survive without the room to even go two people deep, but maybe it's a good change of pace.  The other issue with this is that the host stand is not by the front door but by the side door, and every guest needed to squeeze and weave their way through the tight space to get there.

The bar has 8 taps and a decent selection of bottled beers.  We were surprised by the prices on some of the drafts - $6 for a Yards Pale Ale and $6.50 for a Victory Prima Pils?  A little high for Manayunk (and for our local brews).  A selection of classic cocktails at $8.50 each and a few wines by the glass that average $7-8 round out the drink menu.

The current menu is a nice size - not too big, but still has something for everyone - five first course/small plate options (bruschetta, $8.50, spring rolls, $8), three salads, eight second course options (duck breast with braised swiss chard, white raisins and chrry gastrique, $16, Lancaster County chicken with Israeli cous cous, $13.50), and four sandwiches (including a burger and a veggie burger).  They were out of two things we had wanted to try - to be expected this early in the game when things like this are still being figured out.  We asked to start with the wings with caramelized onions and roasted jalepenos, and then I ordered the fish tacos, and my dining companion ordered the crispy chicken sandwich.

The wings were perfectly cooked - crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Despite the jalepenos, however, they didn't have much heat, and they pretty stingy on the caramelized onions.  The sauce was sweet, and the jalepenos could have been more evenly distributed for a better kick.  My fish tacos came out next - tasty, but nothing to write home about.  Strangely enough, the fish of one taco was light and flaky while the fish of the other was kind of mealy.  I finished my tacos (who wants to eat cold fish tacos?) before my dining companion's sandwich came out.  The size of the chicken was incredibly disappointing - possibly they were running low and were trying not to 86 any more items, but it was as if a chicken tender/strip had been cut in half and placed side by side on the sandwich.  The breading on the chicken was good - crispy as the name of the sandwich implied - as was the roll.  The accompanying fries were nicely cooked and appeared homemade/handcut, though very heavily salted.

Service was friendly but not memorable.  One slight annoyance was that after the chicken sandwich came out so far behind the fish tacos, our server stopped by to let us know that things just come out of the kitchen when they're ready because it's a small plates type of menu.  If that were the case, the server should have told us this up front, so I'm guessing that either the kitchen was to blame (still working out timing issues at this point is ok by me) or that the server didn't course the meal as we'd ordered it.

All in all, there is much to work on here but great potential and a lot of excitement in the neighborhood surrounding the opening of a restaurant/bar of this style and caliber.  We will certainly be giving it another try (and a review update will definitely be necessary once - hopefully - all of the kinks have been worked out).
The food and atmosphere were good but I will not be going back anytime soon. I just moved to Manayunk and was excited to try The Goats Beard. I was underwhelmed and frankly disappointed. The seafood special for the day was Salmon on top of smashed potatoes with crab meat- topped with a poached egg. For $26 dollars it was not worth it in the least. I will say it was delicious- but probably the least food I've ever gotten for that amount of money. My poached egg was also really over-cooked and the yolk did not run as expected. The asparagus side was great however- especially with the crispy salmon skin chips they added on top. The nitro beer was delicious and smooth so I have no complaints there- but for 2 meals and 2 beers adding to a $70 check I was annoyed my boyfriend left hungry.
I absolutely love Goats Beard! It's our neighborhood go to place. 

The staff is extremely friendly and always going above and beyond to satisfy us (I.e..samples of wine, beer, whiskey). 

We usually sit at the bar when we visit but we have also enjoyed the dining room in the past and the service was just as wonderful (Kelsey was our server, I think). 

The food is so yummy! The goat nuggets are definitely a favorite. I also love the pickled jalapeños (I'm kind of a spice freak). 

I recommend this place to all of my friends when they are in from out of town and they always have a very enjoyable experience.
Came here for an early dinner, just in time for the tail end of happy hour so appetizers and drinks were discounted.

Buttermilk wings are a must try.  Wings were large, very well fried and had the perfect amount of sauce and tanginess.  My new favorite 'wings' in philly.  Previously my favorite wings would have been cafe soho's garlic soy flavor just to give you an idea of what kind of wing I'm putting it up against.

Definitely not your average bar food as everything we tried was good. Steak mac and cheese using gnocchi, fish and chips with a unique tartar sauce, etc.  I look forward to trying more of their menu.
Typically I'll write a review on various sites if the place I use comes up short. In other words I don't get motivated too often to compliment. The Goat (Goat's Beard) has changed that for me. First of all, the surroundings are super comfortable and I wish I lived a little closer so I could frequent this place more often. It is what I always pictured a bar with great food should look like. 

For starters, the Goat's chicken wings are incredibly unique which during the first time I visited put me in a really good mood. Where else can you pick between scallops (scrumptious), duck (perfectly done) lamb (succulent), fish tacos (de-lish) and the unbelievable steak mac and cheese in a comfy bar setting that is conducive to camping out for the evening. I guess I sound a bit over the top but when I see a place that is unique in a world full of "sameness" it pumps me up. 

The menu is really geared to small plates. If your are starving and want to pig out on the cheap, this is not the place. The food is impeccable which I will take over generous portions any day. There is something for everybody on the menu. As I said the wings are great and I hardly ever order them. Wings are now  a staple for me here though. I have been to the Goat three times now, and everyone in my group was not disappointed and were pretty much over the top like me about the food.

Service was very good especially for a place that has been open for a pretty short period. I think it was opened in March. The thing that stands out about the servers is their enthusiasm. One time they made a mistake on my order and the way they handled it was extraordinary. I hope this friendliness continues as word of the Goat spreads. 

The bar is cool. Different drafts make for a great selection of beer. I enjoy the harder stuff so I can attest the drinks (both brown and white) were excellent. The truth is someone here knows what they are doing. I really think this is the kind of place that can replicate to other areas if they can create the same unique atmosphere and maintain the quality of the food and service. Folks, you will really like this joint!!!!
This place is great!  I've been in and out of that spot for 8 years.  It was my favorite drinking hole in Manayunk as "Tomas".....and then they made it better...as "The Goats Beard". Great wiskey selection, many a lovely beer, and very kind and knowledgeable bartender(s)/servers(s).  Cool decor, everything I ate was wonderful.  I had this fried browny/iceream creation, memorable for sure.
Don't do pick up. I come here on a weekly rotation- no seriously every week and order the SAME exact order and every time I have the same discussion and interaction about my order. It's been 7 months today of this exact problem and I have been trying to give this place the benefit of the doubt because the food is good but MAN the chef must have a serious need for control or just can not read. I order nuggets FULLY dressed and french fries, never changes. And every-time I open my food to check if it was made correctly it is not. I call ahead and have them repeat the specifics to me and still have the same issue. I place the order in person to make sure it has the specifics and SURPRISINGLY ENOUGH ITS. NOT.MADE.AS.REQUESTED. I have addressed this with multiple staff and apparently the line cook know, but BOY these people put a whole new meaning to disappointment. I too, ask myself, a simple request can be accommodated to have my nuggets fully dressed. But every day the Chef here wakes up and chooses to do the exact opposite of what is requested. IF YOU HAVE AN ALLERGY STAY FAR FROM HERE. Because specifications are not granted and I would hate to see anyone be dissappointed while going into  anaphylactic shock. Scary af. The reasoning for not having nuggets fully dressed? The chef has a fear of nuggets becoming soggy and so he makes the decision for you. It just doesn't matter because if I am making a request to have my nuggets with sauce I should have my nuggets with sauce. The best part is, every time I interact with a staff member they are surprised that the order was not made as requested, because the nuggets "come with sauce on them." But we are both starring at a order of nuggets with sauce on the side and the order ticket reading "FULLY DRESSED SAUCE ON NUGGETS" It seems like such a small thing but come on there's has not been ONE time when my order has been made correctly and I really love the nuggets but I am not about to go head to head with a place that can't check their chef. And I hope you are all reading this cause y'all see my face in here every damn week.
CAN YOU SAY YUMMY YAAAAMY?!?! I met up with my childhood best friend tonight to catch up. What an exceptional dining experience! We started out with some whiskey as it is a whiskey bar. Afterwards, our friendly, knowledgeable and lovely bartender Caitlin recommended some specialty cocktails which were fantastic. My friend has a french 75 (I haven't heard of it but was pleasantly surprised). I had a hot toddy which was perfect to warm me up in the chilly weather. We split the pork tacos and fries which were delicious. The smoky pork contrasting with the fresh herby chimichurri and the tangy sweet pickled red onion was perfect. The fries were crispy yet fluffy. The homemade garlic aioli was the perfect accompaniment. The flavors were melting on my tongue!!!! MMMMM! 
Make sure to stop by and ask for Caitlin who I hear also makes a delightfully refreshing lemon drop!!
My husband and I stopped by here for lunch before his haircut.

We order the 15 dollar brunch special which includes salad or a Goat nugget, main entree minus the oysters and a beverage. The deal sounded great! I order the salad and the Goat Burger and my husband ordered the Goat nugget with Fish tacos. I also got a bloody mary and I was really impressed by it! They gave Olives and Pepper as a garnishment and the pepper was so good! it was spicy and juicy at the same time that went perfectly with the Blood Mary. 

We got our first dish fairly quickly. My salad just tasted like a regular salad EXCEPT there were chunk of fresh tomatoes. NOW you don't see that a lot these days. My husbands Goat Nugget was really good. It was too crunchy and it had right amount of sauce on it. Now comes my burger! The burger was really good but there was nothing really special about it. It just tasted like a regular burger. As far as the Fish Tacos...we were NOT impressed at all. How can a taco be FLAVORLESS. We but crap ton of Sriracha and we could not save that taco. 

I would definitely come back here but will stay away from the fish tacos!
Cute vibe, unique twist on pub fare!!

Tried TGB nuggets after smelling the intoxicating aroma from a table nearby and wasn't disappointed!! The sauce is sweet and spicy, which pairs well with the bleu cheese crumbles! 

Everything else was good here, but I'd definitely be interested in trying out some other items from the menu next time!
Update: met my parents here for brunch earlier this afternoon, and we all loved it.  My parents ordered the frittata (today it was tomato, spinach, and fontina cheese), and I had the chorizo tacos.  All of our orders came with breakfast fries, which are topped with caramelized onions, rosemary, and some other kinds of delicious herbs and oils.  Not too hard to find parking close by, and the total bill for three entrees + one beer came to just over $50 including the tax and tip.
I really enjoyed this place.  The price is a bit high given the size of the portions, but you leave content and not overstuffed.

We started out with the Carlos fries: shoe string fries (maybe hand cut) and it's tossed in sweet sauce and topped with some cheese and green onions.  It was really delicious.

I had the steak Mac and cheese.  It's a 5 oz sliced sirloin served over cheesy potato gnocchi.  

MF had the scallops (4-5 pieces?) each served on a mini potato pancake.  

Everything was enjoyable, both food and service.  Only thing keeping it from a 5 is  that the price is high for serving size.  Give it a go!
I had the brisket cheesesteak. It was so good I literally cried a little. Holy cow. Order it. It's possibly the best sandwich on the block.
We were biking to our usual spot but when we got there I'd was jam packed. So we took a little trip on the information super highway. Luckily manayunk(man this place is junk) was only a 10 minute bike ride. So we rode up there to see what the skinny was. 
That's when we saw the Goat's Beard. We both have heard good things so it was a no brainer. 

We sat immediately and outside. However, we quickly noticed the next table smelling one another's water. When we got our own water we quickly realized why. I think it was left over flood water. Anyway, you can't judge a place by its water. 
The menu wasn't very large so it was easy to narrow down our dishes. We both got eggs Benedict. Mine was the salmon and hers was avocado. 
So hers she wasn't able to finish. She ate one egg/avocado muffin and wasted the second. Normally if she does that I'll be sure to eat the second. I don't waste food. I wasn't feeling it today. 

The sauce was really runny. The English muffins had a little brown to them but weren't the least bit toasted. Then on mine the salmon was REALLY salty. I'm not the type to even add salt but I was worried this meal must be f***ing with my blood pressure.  Maybe this fish was kept in salt to preserve it. Idk. That's not to say it was terrible. It was fine. 
We both agreed the side potatoes were the best part of the meal. Which is bad since she doesn't normally care for side potatoes. They were really crispy which is how I personally like them. Again though they were also salty.  

My wife said her avocado Benedict wasn't salty at all. So it has to just be the fish. 

So anyway that was our brunch at the Goat's Beard. *shrug*

P.s. it was hard to decide between 2-3 stars. I mean some people like salty shit. If it had just been me maybe I could've swung 3. I could've just assumed my taste buds differ from most but since she was throughly unimpressed too.....
Happy Manayunk Restaurant Week!

The promise of 3 amazing courses (including a beer or heavy pour of wine) for $35 led me to my first venture into Manayunk. What a cute area of Philly! The streets are narrow and steep, but Main Street Manayunk is like straight out of a picture book with so many cute restaurants, bars, and shops lining the blocks. The Goat's Beard has prime real estate with a corner location allowing for a few sidewalk tables. The inside of Goat's Beard is super chic, rustic, and romantic. I came here with a big group of girlfriends and the aesthetic totally matched our girly gossip and laughter. 

The food is incredible! Comfort food to the max. We started with our various choice of appetizers; garden salad, spicy TGB chicken nugs, and a couple orders of cheese fries. The nuggets were awesome! Easily could have made a meal of those alone. They were small, lightly breaded buffalo bites sprinkled with crumbled blue cheese. They would have been even better with a blue cheese dipping sauce, but they were so yummy! Easily shareable among two people. The cheese fries were great! No fry went uncheesed, and that's a good sign.

For the entrée the bulk of our table chose the steak mac 'n cheese, which was really a steak gnocchi 'n cheese. The gnocchi were light and delicious, the cheese was banging, and the steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Served in a hot skillet, it was gooey and rich, honestly mouth-watering. 

Dessert was a fried brownie with ice cream. It was delicious, but particularly tricky to eat with just a spoon. No complaints though. Warm brownies with the drippings of vanilla ice cream. Forever one of my favorite things to ever exist. Ever.

This restaurant week haul was worth every penny. I almost feel guilty for how much we got for the $35 price tag. Our server was great, but the food service was a little slow. I'm curious as to if it was because we were a big group or if they were just busy given the beautiful weather and restaurant week specials. Parking around here is a nightmare, so be prepared to do a few laps around the block. Overall though, superb dining experience. I would 100% come back here.
We did takeout on a Friday night. I ordered online (which was really easy) and it was ready within 20 minutes (which was exactly what the website said. We ordered the burger, ribs, Mac & cheese and the nuggets. The Mac & cheese was by far my favorite thing we ordered. It's a MUST if you are getting food from here. It's creamy & so flavorful yet not overwhelming. When you look at the creaminess, you'd think it was going to be really heavy but it wasn't which I LOVED. The burger & ribs were also very tasty. The nuggets were our least favorite. I didn't realize they were Buffalo & they turned out to be very spicy. We're babies with spiciness so I think if we liked normal Buffalo wings, these would have been great. We will definitely be back!
Came in for a Sunday brunch recently. Wife ordered crabcake Benedict per waitress' recommendation and a cold brew martini. Being from Maryland, the crabcake wasn't overly impressive but it did the job, she ate every bite. Cold brew martini was worth ordering as well.

My breakfast burger was phenomenal top to bottom. The thick pork belly and perfectly cooked egg, paired with perfect potatoes had me in love. My tequila cocktail didn't thrill me for brunch but wasn't bad. Worth a try
I read Yelp all the time, but I've never been compelled to write my own review because I've always felt that the other reviews pretty well captured the dining experience for the restaurant. Not so this time. My experience today at The Goat's Beard was one of the most satisfying dining experiences I've had in a long, long, time. So, I felt compelled to tell the world. 

My family and I stumbled onto this restaurant at about 3:30 pm on a Saturday, because the places we intended to go were closed between lunch and dinner services. The menu and decor looked interesting, so we decided to give it a shot. We were sat immediately by a server who was the perfect balance of friendly and professional.  

As a whiskey drinker, I was psyched that there were so many options available.  I would come back for the whiskey, bourbon and scotch selections alone. Today, since it was uncomfortably hot outside, I decided to go with a mixed drink instead of my usual straight scotch. I first ordered the Old Fashioned, which was quite good. At the waitress's suggestion, I next ordered The Goat's Beard cocktail with Makers Mark, and that was even better. It was refreshing, not too sweet, and satisfied my bourbon taste without being too overpowering.  My wife got the Blueberry Lemonade, which she loved.  She said it was full of flavor and just the right balance of sweet and tart -- overall, really good. 

For lunch, we ordered the cheeseburger sliders, fish tacos, Cobb salad, and "Goat Nuggets."  All were outstanding. Everything was designed to be shared and, like more traditional tapas restaurants, dishes arrived as they were prepared instead of all at once. (Incidentally, I would describe TGB as more of a small plate restaurant than a tapas restaurant, because the portion size of each dish is almost as much as a standard entree. The dishes are very shareable, though.)

The sliders were fresh and were well seasoned, and came topped with a delicious bacon/tomato/onion marmalade. The base of the Cobb salad was good, but not particularly special.  What was special was the fried chicken on top of the chopped salad. Those pieces of boneless fried chicken thigh were easily the tastiest bites I have eaten in recent memory. They were juicy, well seasoned and fried perfectly.  This place might have the best fried chicken in Philadelphia -- if I were the owner, I would find a way to highlight the chicken more on the menu, because I never would have experienced it had my wife not been in the mood for a salad.  The fish tacos were excellent. The fish itself was lightly fried, so that you tasted the fish itself rather than the breading. It could have used a little more salt, but that is just nitpicking. The Goat Nuggets were my wife's favorite dish. The chef used the same chicken that I loved in the Cobb salad, and added a light sriracha-based buffalo sauce and blue cheese.  It was the perfect balance of flavor and heat. 

I was so enamored with the food at The Goat's Beard -- during an off-hour, mind you -- that I went out of the way to seek out the owner to congratulate him on his success.  He could not have been more gracious and friendly to my wife and small child, which made me like the restaurant even more.  Manayunk has always been a great place to hang out, shop, and people watch, but there were only a couple of places where a guy who loves good food as much as I do could find a great meal.  All I can say is, welcome to the neighborhood, TGB. I have a feeling I will be seeing a lot of you.
Stopped in Sunday.   Didn't know that it had opened.  Going through a little growing pains with the staff.  They weren't sure if they could sell wine by the bottle since all but one bottle  were priced as a glass.  But the prices were very competitive for the drinks.  Small pour on the Macallan, but it was $7!  The food was great!  Had wings.  Not traditional style but were very good.  Veggie Lasagna was amazing.  Lamb to die for.  Side note all dishes are very small so a little pricey when you see the size of the dishes.  Think of this pace as more of a tapas restaurant.  As for atmosphere. They did an amazing face lift.  Extremely nice inside!
Outdoor seating, awesome happy hour specials, and stellar cocktails will keep me coming back to the Goat's Beard.

During the hours of happiness draughts are $3.50 (regularly $5-$7ish), select apps and sandwiches are $5 and $6, and I *think* the gloriously smoky, minty, citrusy Goat's Beard signature cocktail is $7.  I love the specialty drinks list - no bottled mixers here - and at only $8.50 each I plan to work my way through the menu in no time.  

Service was easy going and friendly.  Outdoor seating wraps the corner bar and is perfectly situated to catch some late afternoon sun.
Great food, drinks and ambiance!  One of the Non teenie bopper bars in the Yunk(they are hard to find)...perfect date location!!  Recommend the short rib and Mac and cheese...to die for!!!
I have been trying to get friends to come here with me for about a year and a half now, but no one's been biting. Finally got a date to come with me to this place last week and now I can't wait to go back.

I got the fish tacos and he had the burger. I was impressed with the amount of battered fluke they managed to stuff into the two tortillas and the pico de gallo and cilantro garnish was quite fresh. The burger looked pretty tasty, but it was gone very quickly, so I'm not sure. The fries were great (and so was the side of bechamel sauce we ordered), although we did get the bottom of the bucket (ie, we got all fo the ends).

The drinks were also delicious. I got some fruity drink that tasted exactly like an alcoholic orange popsicle and I tried the summer thyme sangria (hahaha, pun), which I found to be quite sweet as well.
Whenever someone asked me where to eat on Main st., my go-to recommendation has always been Goat's Beard. But, after this most recent dining experience, I will no longer be doing so. We brought our friends here, and left a little embarrassed for taking them here.  

First off, they now charge $1 per person for water for distilled Vero water. Okay, not really a big deal in terms of cost, but ILLEGAL! It is a LEGAL requirement for a pub to have free water! The server did not offer such and AUTOMATICALLY poured the charged water into our cups. I know Vero water, and it's supposed to be OFFERED as a CHOICE, not MANDATORY. It's my choice whether I want fancy water or Philly tap water! 

Secondly, service has gone DOWN. 3 out of 4 items we ordered today are items we have ordered multiple times in the past, but were below-par this time! Our medium-rare burger arrived well-done, and our server forgot to put in our order of steak mac and cheese, but didn't even apologize; instead, she lied to us and said that it was because kitchen was taking long (even though I watched her walk over to the machine to put the order in as soon as I reminded her almost an HOUR later). When it finally came out, all the other entrees were already finished, AND even though we ordered medium-rare, it came out almost well-done AGAIN. Definitely wasn't worth the price nor the wait. 

Their chicken wings are their saving grace, and their burgers are actually good when cooked correctly. But, this last meal just left a sour taste. With such a high turnover rate of restaurants on Main st., they better step up their game if they want to stay open.
We love The Goats Beard. Nice little bar with some very good food! Awesome cocktail & beer list. Service is always good and the staff is experienced. 
We grabbed the goat nuggets & a fried brownie, amazing all around! 
Nice spot for a date night or check out their website for live music and special dinner events. Be sure to drop by this spot as it is well worth t!
Best place on Main Street, hands down. Amazing food reasonably priced, Mac and cheese is to die for, also the shrimp appetizer, spring rolls and falafel. The owner is incredibly kind, always wants to make sure your experience is a good one. Staff is great, love the service! I am there all the time! Everyone should go. Ambience is beautiful also.
The wings are amazing. The 24hr brine, you can really taste it underneath the crunchy breading, the chicken is moist and very tasty. 
Probably the most flavorful chicken wings I've had. 

The fries are really good when they are fresh.. the first time I had them they were great. But I was here Monday with my man around 5pm and we were the only guests. 

I'm assuming the fries were sitting because they came out in record time. I know most places cook their fries and them drop them back in the fryer when ordered- which is fine usually, but these must have been sitting for a bit or the night before because they were dry and not very good at all. 

We always sit at the bar, the main bartender Tom is always on point. The "30 day strawberry" is my go-to cocktail here.
I think the Goat's Beard will do well...for the time being. The decor and ambiance are very nice and the staff is friendly and helpful. The food is solid (certainly not the best in Manayunk like others have claimed), but definitely good. I give the restaurant only three stars because they have the value of their food all wrong. I'll explain below:

-The food prices at Goat's Beard are on par with the more expensive restaurants in town, yet you get about half the portion sizes.
-I paid $12 for two fish tacos, $13 for a cheese plate that would amount to about ONE oz. of cheese, and $10 for a bowl of mussels with three-quarters of the bowl filled with fries (we got about a dozen mussels total).

The drinks are very moderately priced so they have that going for them.  

I hope the owners pay attention to their Yelp reviews so they can improve the price to value problem they have. Otherwise, I think people will catch on and the place will be short lived.
TGB never disappoints! From the service to the food, it's been one of the best restaurants in Manayunk that I've dined in. The cheesesteak eggrolls were so yummy with the aioli and ketchup combo. My bf had the smash burger which I've had many of times and it was flavorful and juicy as always. I tried something new and for the Atlantic salmon with couscous. When I say it was amazing, it's an understatement. The meal was so fresh and delicious, I cleaned my plate! We also got some drinks and ofc as a rose lover I got the Rose all day which happened to be mixture of liquor and other flavors to make it taste like rose. So good! I don't give 5 stars often but TGB definitely deserves it.
I booked my wedding rehearsal dinner for 20 people. I wanted a place that would have a separate room for us and have great food. Goats Beard definitely met all my expectations. The food was fantastic!! Sean took the time to meet with me and my fiancée to go over what we envisioned, he took the time to follow up and tweak the menu until we had it just how we wanted. When we had any concerns during the meal Sean was right there to smooth everything over. They set up the second floor with cute centerpieces of fresh flowers and made up personalized menus with our names on it (nice touch). We dropped off presents we were giving to our guests ahead of time and Sean's team presented them beautifully on tables and made everything look really nice. Thanks Sean and your crew we had a great night!!
We left the joke of a Beer,BBQ, Bourbon festival, looking for food and went to the Bearded Goat. We are glad we did!

My lady had the daily special - duck sausage, hash browns, and a fried egg. She loved it.

I had a burger that came with fries. Very tasty. Deducing a point because the roll fell apart. Even 5 Guys gets that right every trip. Mickey D's might too but I swore that off after watching Food Inc years ago. 

For drinks, she had a Makers Mark - fine bourbon that we thought we'd get from the rip off festival taking place less than a block away. I had a can of a nice Kolsch from a microbrewery in Virginia. Great beer that the festival we left also failed at providing. 

Service was good. Very nice ambiance for a Mannayunk spot. Well worth a visit.
This place rocks. The food is extremely high quality and not even overpriced. I got the vegetable napoleon which my boyfriend and I were amazed by when it came out and said it looked like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Tasted like it too ;-). He got a steak mac n cheese which was gnocchi mac n cheese....aw yeayuhhhh. 

I'm not usually a cocktail person but as we were at a whiskey bar, I tried a couple of them which were very cute. I had one in a copper mug and the other was garnished beautifully. Really love this place. We were eyeing up other plates that were passing that looked just as shnazzy. We'll be back for sure!
Delish lunch! We found good reviews on Yelp and everyone loved our lunches! We tried the mussels, fish tacos, cheeseburger, Greek salad, and Cobb salad. All were delicious! Thanks for a great lunch!
Darren treated us like royalty and our sweet new service puppy, Floria. 

The entire staff were helpful and just wonderful with our pup and with our appetites!

The steak "mac" and cheese with gnocchi instead of semolina is TO. DIE. FOR.
I've eaten all over the world and I travel for work. I have NEVER eaten mac and cheese this good. The béchamel is rich and savory and does not overpower, but compliments the meat. Just stunning. 
Happy Hour appetizers VERY good and we just had a ball. 
Thanks, Darren and all the servers for making our night.
I'm writing this a little late but I can't stop thinking about this cute little place. My boyfriend and I were visiting a friend this weekend and Goat's Beard was recommended. It was a beautiful  night so we grabbed a table outside, ordered a Kentucky mule and the BF got a Manhattan. Naturally I was starving and wanted something hardy so I went with the Steak Mac and Cheese. Perfectly seasoned meat and the gooey cheese sauce made it even better. My boyfriend had the fish tacos but wouldn't even let me try it, I guess they were good. We sat for a little longer while the BF tried different kinds of bourbon and enjoyed the night.

Although I'm just a visitor, I bet this place is great with locals. It has a big bar area that is great for grabbing some wine and cheese on a weekday. Also nice that the staff is very friendly and really knows their liquor.
First I'd like to say, I really like what they've done with the place. I remember when it was Thomas' and it looks like they've updated the decor, torn down the middle wall so it's nice and open, and the bathrooms (which were previously a DEE-SCUSTING) were quite cozy, clean and nicely decorated. 5 stars for ambiance.

I came here with a couple of friends, one being gluten intolerant, this is the only place in Manayunk that offers an extensive gluten-free menu. The plates are small, but they did mention that they're meant for sharing. Well, they were kind of in between, so I think the Goat's Beard is not really sure if it's skimpy plates or tapas. And it's not what I'd think of as sharing kind of food, so they really need to hammer that out if you ask me. We all got our own plates anyway. The waitress was way overly enthusiastic about how good the food was. "The lady doth protests too much me thinks." I had the fish tacos, which were ok, but pretty soggy. My friend had the steak mac and cheese which the waitress RAVED about. That was ok too. I mean, it's kind of hard to mess up pasta, cheese and meat. The wings would have been good if they weren't so sugary. It wasn't bad. I think it was just really over-hyped. I don't think they've been open long, so hopefully there will be improvements. 3 stars for food. 

We sat outside, which is a plus, but i have to say, those have to be some of the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in. Everyone else agreed. My second time here, my boyfriend even noted that as well. Backs are too low and lean back too much. The wooden planks that make up the chair are a world full of hurt against your tooshie. You cannot get comfortable to save your life. 1 star for poor choice in seating.
The ambiance is great along with the decor! The service is absolutely wonderful -- very welcoming
I am going to start my review with the only part of the dinner I did not like.  I had wished my wife and I were able to sit downstairs in the bar area.  I am not saying the upstairs is bad, but downstairs, at least on that night, was a much more livelier part of the restaurant.
The food we ordered was excellent.  We started with the mussels.  The mussels came with fries instead of bread to dunk, but I enjoyed the fries.  I enjoyed how the fires fell into the juice and soaked it up....tasty.  I ordered the special, which was a lobster risotto.  The risotto was actually cooked very well.  It was not and compacked like most risottos I see at restuarants.  It was a little runny, which is perfect.  My wife had the vegetable napoleon.  It was not something I would have ordered, but it was a good dish.  We finished the night with the deep fried brownie.  It was awesome!  There was a decent beer selection as well.  I was nopt a fan of the second beer I ordered, but I always try to find a new beer, this one just did not pan out.  I would definately go back to the Goat's Beard....hopefully to sit downstairs.
My fiance and I went here Sunday April 12th. We had gone to the streat festival earlier that day and had a bad experience (nothing to do with this restaurant), we were unable to get anything to eat, despite getting there a couple hours after it started. All of the food trucks were either sold out or had a 45 min. wait. I couldn't even get a bottle of water anywhere after giving up on food. All of the restaurants were overflowing with people. So, we decided to just bag it and come back later that night for restaurant week. So, by the time we get here at 7 o'clock, I am pretty miserable and my head is ringing from not eating all day. But, I was excited to try the Goat's Beard. When we arrived it was very loud and we couldn't find where to check in for our reservation. We eventually found that it was in the back of the restaurant and were quickly seated upstairs which was thankfully relaxed and quiet. When our waiter came to take our drink orders, we noticed we didn't get a restaurant week menu and asked him what the deal was. He informed us that because of the streat festival (ha) they wouldn't be participating in it that night. Not the waiter's fault and he was nice about it. We were annoyed because we picked the restaurant based on the appealing items on the restaurant week menu. I even double checked the website and it said the restaurant week was running from April 12-24th. At this point we weren't going to leave because we had already payed for parking in manayunk and we were starving. But, I felt like they should have honored it or at least told us this when we made our reservation. We ordered the goat nuggets to start. They were delicious and we ended up wishing we had gotten two orders of them. For entrees, he ordered the goat burger and I ordered the mac & cheese. He really enjoyed the goat burger. I LOVED the mac & cheese which consisted of gnocchis in a mix of cheeses. I really could go for that again. We were really excited to try the desserts on their restaurant week menu but it seemed that they don't have a dessert menu normally, which was a bummer. Our waiter was friendly, service was a little slow but in his defense it was pretty crowded and he seemed to be dealing with a lot of tables. The hostess was also memorably friendly. The Goat's Beard wasn't everything we expected, but I would maybe try it again because that mac and cheese was amazing. They had some really unique items on their menu too, that I wouldn't mind trying.
This place is so good. Excellent food, great service and pretty damn good beers on tap; can't go wrong with that. The steak Mac n' cheese is no joke! I highly recommend.
Eh. It's the best restaurant in Manayunk, but that's not a high bar. The menu is limited, but the food is good, although everything from the burger to the steak with gnocchi "mac and cheese" is oversauced.

They have great happy hour specials, an egg heavy brunch menu (I loathe eggs), and an extremely well trained staff.

Not worth the cost--except for the fries!--but a good place to visit if you want an actual restaurant experience in Manayunk.

Added: They do have *amazing* desserts.
Best of Philly!  Been here several times, and never disappointed!  Highly recommend the steak mac & cheese, the burger, or the salmon for your entree.  The nuggets and the cheese fries are definitely must-have sides.  If you're more interested in drinks, they're great for that too.  The bartenders are always incredibly friendly, and the servers are great.  If you're ever in Manayunk, stop here!
Very good service, atmosphere, and food.

Excellent wings, they had live music on the Sunday we went.
Tried this place for the first time last night. My friend recommended it to me. This is a great spot to get away from all the college kids that frequent Main Street on the weekends. There was live accoustic music that was pretty decent. Decor and atmosphere is casual but still classy. Didn't try too much of the food but the menu looks good. Had some herb fries from the late night menu and they were excellent. Overall, this place is a breath of fresh air for main st. I'll be going back.
Drinks and dinner were delicious.  Despite a mix-up of timing of appetizers and main courses, management was apologetic and made everything right.  Excellent service.  Would absolutely go back.
This is a very nice place to have brunch. Great atmosphere, wonderful servers, unique menu items. Nice take on shrimp and grits. highly recommend.
Love this place! Went in last night with my boyfriend, brother and his girlfriend and we were welcomed warmly with a shot and a "thank you for coming in". The ambiance and decor is really relaxing and not too stuffy. It is a nice breath of fresh air in the middle of Manayunk's dive bar scene, but without being too much. We got a couple beers and ordered some food. We had the fish and chips and the fish was cooked to perfection and the fries were crispy and perfect. I love that it came with 3 sauces (ketchup, vinegar and an aoli of some sort) because I am a dipper. I LOVE my sauces, My brother and is girlfriend wanted just fries, and even though it wasn't on the menu, they accommodated us very well with a big plate of fries with herbs and cheese on top. YUM! We will definitely be back!
Awesome food and atmosphere. Great food great service. We went on Margarita Monday and the margaritas were only $5 each. How can you beat that? They were strong too!!! I got the goat nuggets and Caesar salad and both were awesome! I cannot wait to go back and is right up there with best restaurant I've been to in Philly!
Great environment and yummy food :-) 

I go there with my boyfriend fairly often. The service is great. The siracha fries are so awesome!
Burger was delicious but the fries were on point tho. We were seated right away and the hostess/waitress was attentive. I thought the design of the place was pretty cute, very hipster looking. All in all, a nice and moderately priced place to get burgers and fries.
One of the best restaurants in Manayunk!

Great location with the perfect combination of fine dining and a fun bar. The seasonal menus always introduce another delicious dish, while keeping the customer favorites. My personal favorite is the Steak Mac & Cheese, which uses potato gnocchi instead of macaroni. The gnocchi and steak together just melt in your mouth. My husband also loves the extensive selection of whiskey they offer and tries to order something new each time.
Unique menu, outstanding octopus and steak mac n cheese, creative craft cocktails, deep selection of fine bourbon, skilled enthusiastic bartender, friendly servers and regular patrons made my solo business trip dinner at the bar an enjoyable evening. The unique tequila shot with cinnamon and orange slice topped off the night - thanks Stephanie!
So, I talked hubs into a long brisk walk on the SRT yesterday. We needed some serious grub to fuel the walk back. I've always wanted to try it and some outside tables were open. IThere seemed to be a miscommunication between servers as each thought the other had us, but no one did. So we sat for 10 min., unable to flag anyone down. It also took awhile to get the check.  It seemed the input of tickets and output of food had little bearing on who arrived when. A couple next to us sat down and had food within minutes. A couple there ahead of us was still waiting for their food long after we'd finished ours. Not sure if dining inside would have been a speedier option. But there are worse things to do than sit in the sun on Main Street and watch people go by. Now onto the food...worth the wait! I inhaled my Croque Madame, which was so much more than I hoped for. Seriously delish. Hubs also did damage on his pork and kimchi fries. I'd definitely go back for dinner and dine inside.
Love goats beard! Veggie burgers were great as well as bruschetta and mixed drinks!
By far my favorite place in Manayunk. The burger is amazing. The staff is always nice and I've never had issues with being greeted and getting seated. The live music is also a plus.
The Steak Mac and Cheese is amazing! Friendly staff and great ambiance. I definitely need to go back!
I was at the Manayunk Streat Festival this past weekend, and due to the lack of trucks still dishing things up at 2pm, we headed in to Goat's Beard. We chatted up the owner who let us know they had only opened two weeks ago. He was super friendly, and it was obvious he was hoping the crowds would take to his new place.

The atmosphere is great...big open windows, natural wood, green accents, comfortable chairs. We were here for a mid day drink, and they weren't serving food yet. I got a blueberry lemonade which was interesting but a bit too acidic. Clearly they are still working out some opening kinks, but the place looks promising.
Can we talk about the Dirty Martini's!? God damn delicious. Make sure Timmy makes it and give you the extra shakes
Went here for date night with husband. He had a whiskey flight and I had a cocktail which were pretty good. We had the veggie burger which is hand made and very tasty but a little dry. We also had the fish and chips which tasted fresh. The French fries were thin and that's the way we like them. Service was very good. We made a reservation on open table and sat outside. We likes the atmosphere as well. We will be back!
One if the best restaurants on Main Street! The food was cooked perfectly and full if flavor. Their whiskey menu is unbeatable, I would highly recommend getting an old fashioned or another classic whiskey drink to take advantage of all of the whiskey options! We sat outside and took advantage of the $5 valet. There was no wait on a Friday night. My one complaint is that it took at least 40 minutes for our food to come out, which seemed a bit long.
This may be my favorite restaurant in Manayunk! They have an awesome assortment of hand crafted cocktails! I thoroughly enjoy their hand cut Carlos Fries with sweet chili sauce & sour cream, it doesn't get much better than that.   The Goat's Beard also has wonderful daily specials! The atmosphere is a little more up-scale than most bars in Manayunk, which is nice and refreshing.  Also, it has a bit of an older crowd (meaning not college kids) which again is refreshing.  I hear they have an outstanding brunch, I cant wait to check it out.

If your looking for a nice bar with great cocktails and food without a college crowd, then i would highly recommend this establishment!
