El Bar is a cool dive with plenty of endless possibilities. I mean what other bar out there lets you pick up a happy meal that includes 2 hot dogs, a PBR pounder, and a toy for 5 bucks?

The PBR and shot specials flow endlessly throughout this chill spot that lies under the El. But they also have a rotating Beer of the Month specials and a variety of drinks that go well above the average dive. 

But the best part of the El Bar is the eclectic offerings that you'll come across on any given night. Its small stage showcases plenty of random punk rock shows throughout the night. Foo Truck has started showing up on special nightly occasions giving you a chance to enjoy delicious yet healthy wraps and veggie offerings. With a table top Mrs. Pac Man, random arcade games, and ample -PINBALL ALERT- it provides some good drunken video game moments. And you'll find plenty of subtle perks like a decent happy hour, and a cool outdoor courtyard.

So when it comes down to it, El Bar is clearly a dive that gives you more to love!
Freaks of Philadelphia rejoice! This is a bar for you, all the bartender and bouncers are rude, and TRENDY as all hell. Normal bars decorate their watering holes with furniture, but this one uses filth,  wow, so ALTERNATIVE! I'm making sure to come all the way to the ghetto (so cool!) next weekend to visit and smell all the dirty hipsters;  AMAZEBALLS!
The El Bar is definitely my new favorite bar in Philly. There's really nothing bad I can say about the El Bar, everything about this place is pretty fantastic.

First of all, its CHEAP. You might even call it dangerously cheap. $3.50 for the citywide special ( PBR Tallboy + shot of whiskey for those noobs out there). I also got $2 pickleback shots (shot of whiskey followed by a shot of pickle juice, again for the noobies). Dude, I can get drunk (not just buzzed, but DRUNK) here for $10. SWEET. 

Of course it's packed with hipsters, but hipsters are the best people to people watch, one of my fave activities. I've overheard conversations about telescopes and planets here, as well as been approached by a guy in a cowboy hat telling us about how he just did a sexy photoshoot of himself by himself. It's safe to say there are some characters that hang out here...

One last thing, the backyard is AWESOME. Biggest backyard I've ever seen at a bar, period. I also think its a great idea to have trashbins to throw your empty PBR cans in (and yes, you will be drinking PBR when you hang here), it eliminates a lot of work for the awesome staff and keeps the backyard clean and can-free for the patrons. 

All and all, i LOVE the El Bar. Come here with a good attitude and a $10 bill and you will have a good time and leave feeling pretty damn good too.
What a dump. Went here for a rock show, and was told by the bar "mom" to "lower your voices...we have an elderly neighbor". TWICE. I am legally of age to drink, and felt like I was underage at a house party in high school. Being told to lower your voice at a rock show is pathetic. Also, this bar is located UNDER THE EL. I am pretty sure the EL is louder than bar patrons. I was also very sober while here, so this was even more insulting. Bathrooms were absolutely nauseating. The port-o-potty outside smelled better and was cleaner than the inside bathroom. The bands were awesome, though.
The Kensington happy meal is the Best special ever: 2 hotdogs, a bag of chips, a pounder PBR, and a toy. $5. 

The El Bar also has a pool table, pinball, live music, TV, citywide special, crazy bartenders, pac man, lots of bike parking, an outdoor space, allows outside food and is dog friendly.  

That's quite a list of amenities.  Now, as long as you're a hipster, which is the only requirement, ch-ch-check it out!
Not long after I signed up for Netflix, I was watching Jaws and had a terrifying experience. It wasn't the shark that was scaring me, either--far worse, I found myself PREEMPTIVELY grading the movie. "Do I love this," I thought, "or do I really like it?" Last night at the El Bar, yelp.com exuded its same influence. As I sat, soaking in the sweet sounds of T.Rex and Talking Heads, sipping an icy cold $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon, relaxing my tired bones in the comfortable plastic chair, the Christmas lights stopped looking like bulbs at all; instead, they looked like stars. Five big red ones.
On the first day I moved into my new place I encountered this place.  I live right across the street from the El Bar so I naturally went in after hauling all my material possessions into my 'new' house.  I was exhausted, a bit sad after moving away from MPLS, and I needed a drink.  Upon entering, I immediately laughed and decided that Philly just offered me a wonderful treat.  There might as well been a banner that said "Welcome Ildefonso."  

Here's why: The bar-tender.  I believe his name is Mike.  Either way--I can't get over how much of a caricature he is.  I'm sure he knows this--he has to.  It's just not fathomable.  With beautiful black feathered hair that is combed back and intense black sunglasses that he sleeps in, and a voice that echoes rico suave, Michael could pose for any picture, anytime.  In fact, there is already a movement happening in this direction: there is now a t-shirt where you can buy that has his picture on it.  Michael is the Scott Seekin (for you MPLS folk out there, you know what I'm talking about) of Philly.  With Mike alone, this bar went up to 5 stars.  I've been coming into this bar everyday Sunday for this experience alone.

Other great qualities to this bar: the patio is great, though can be a bit dirty.  There's also live music on the weekends, and the people are generally interesting.

Sadly I had to knock off one star though because of the lack of choices in the beer dimension.  I don't think I'm really that much of a beer snob, but I really want more than just four or fives types of beers.  Other than that, the El Bar is definitely a fun time, especially on the weekends.  Or just come in for the city special on Sundays when Mike is working.  He'll hand out free food to you as well.
So I have been coming here for a while, and it has progressively gotten worse and worse. The staff has become so intolerable I refuse to spend another dollar there. I was screamed at by a bartender because I was in "in her way". Also, don't have a backyard area if you are going to have guards walking around telling people to whisper. I won't even bring friends from out of town here anymore because it's embarrassing. And I believe I have finally had enough with their disrespect as have many in the area. I hope they get re zoned so it can make room for a bar that treats customers with respect and dignity. I'm ashamed to have this place on my street. What happened to this place ...???
this is the bar I feel most at home. it's really like cheers, where everybody knows your name. Sometimes host to live music, everything from jazz to punk, el bar is a meeting place for all different people: locals, oldheads, hipsters, punks, etc. it's a small dark place but tables and chairs and two sides of the bar provide seating. it's not odd to see a cat or two stalking around, too (they're pretty friendly). $2 pbr tall boys, city specials, and other cheap deals abound here and the service is on point . expect to become friendly with the bartenders if you go often. pool table and jukebox for those interested ( I always find myself drunkingly playing madonna's borderline).
This place is unpleasant. If you're not a 22 year old transplant with false lenses in your glasses, stay away. It's hipster central, and not in a good way. 

Every single time I go to the El Bar something bad happens, there's a fight, someone gets flagged for no reason, someone gets thrown out (again for no reason). 

The bartenders are abundantly rude. It's almost like they get joy out of it. 

The bathrooms are discussing. Their drink selection is poor and the regulars want nothing to do with you. Probably one of the most unfriendly bars in the city. 

My recommendation is that you don't go here.
After going to El Bar for the first time last night I finally understand why it's so hard to get my friends to go other places!

It's everything you'd want in a divey neighborhood bar... There is a jukebox, pool table, cheap beer and snacks, super friendly staff, a fun blend of patrons AND you can smoke inside. OK, so sometimes it might be a little bit TOO smokey since it's a small space. Anyway...BIG FAN

Highlight of the night:  At one point a box of free pizza magically appeared at the bar! It was no longer warm but it was delicious!! Mmmmm....magic pizza...
I had an absolute blast here and didnt drop a lot of dough.  Mind you it was a great birthday party, so I have no idea what the normal crowd is like.

Why the four stars?  Here's a snippet from one of my conversations...

My friend:  "It's so smoky in here I want to go outside for my cigarette."
After dinner, my date looks me in the eye very seriously and asks if I like spontaneity. If I'm the type of girl who likes adventure, open to trying something new. Apprehensive but burningly curious, I respond with a quivering "Yes..." He tells me he knows a place I might like. The El Bar. Modeled after a subway car, with loose women dancing provocatively on the poles. Trying to keep up the carefree, down-with-everything front, I nervously laugh and assert that I've always wanted to see what those places are like but have been too shy (meanwhile I am texting 911 to my friends).

Luckily for everyone, The El Bar is not a strip club. And that guy I went out with is a lying, deceitful wanker. It's a good atmosphere - pool table, pinball machine, good drinks, eye-pleasing bartenders. Bring your hipster friends.
Oh heyyy.

So I just moved here, and I'm pretty sure this is the diamond in the rough I search for and like to call home.... This and KFN. Just around the corner from where I hang my hat. Real people. 

There was a band playing saturday night. I didn't go there for them, I just wanted a drink... they gave me the option of a suggested donation for cover which is great because 1) I dont feel ripped off 2) I can give what I want. 3) I dont go somewhere else.

I chipped in 3 bucks and some bazooka joe for karma. Sat my ass down at the corner of the bar, and ordered myself a city-wide.

Welcome to philadelphia.
An update is in order.

I haven't been here in a while. Memories of my final few visits include:

- Being "shushed" out in the yard. 

Apparently there was some discord with the neighboring resident about noise. So you have to use your inside voice when you're outside...drinking...with friends...at a bar. This is not to say I condone being inconsiderate and obnoxious. I don't and we weren't. This effort to quiet us was oddly misdirected and overblown.

- Almost falling into anaphylactic shock. 

I get it, it's cute having feline friends take up residence and roam about but some basic housekeeping is mandatory.

Peace out El Bar, smell ya later....
Went to The El Bar on a Saturday night. It had a decent amount of people inside when I walked in, as was exhibited when trying to order a drink. It took some time, but at such cheap prices I'm willing to put up with a wait. The bartenders did seem hurried, but in watching them for a few moments they just kept shuffling around the bar to talk to people and not so much in the way of filling drink orders. Leaning in on the bar, money in hand I managed to yell my order into the back of a bartender's head as he was grabbing a drink in the refrigerator below the bar. It worked, and being the smart & courteous man that I am I grabbed 5 beers for me and my friends to save them the wait. 

Somewhat of a hipster haven, PBR pounders were aplenty and the words "citywide special" did not fall on deaf ears. 

The interior is okay if not a bit small, the pool table dominates one of the two rooms, split by a double-sided bar and a row of tables adorn the other side of the bar. There looked to be a small stage along the back of the room, but music was left up to the jukebox that particular night. 

I did see the aforementioned magic pizza but wasn't tempted to grab a slice. 

As the evening progressed I, standing in place, wondered how they could let so many people in such a small bar. It wasn't until I saw the sign hanging on the back door that read "Yard Sale" and a few people that walked through it that I realized the true appeal of this place: the yard. After going through the yard sale door and another door you are greeted by some interesting sights. Lights strung in the trees and along the fence encompass the outdoor area, and some tables and chairs are the first things you see. Continuing on there was a cast iron bathtub and what my friends and I dubbed the "bikeplane." While nothing more than 5 bikes affixed to one in front with a long table separating the two it served as a great ongoing joke. At around 1am they move everybody back inside and close the yard and a lot of people tend to leave.

All in all a great experience and definitely going to be on my rounds next time I'm out drinking in the Northern Liberties area.
$3.50 for a whiskey shot and a PBR tallboy? Amazing.

$1.50 for a hot dog? Amazing*

My friend and I sat at a table with a PacMan game on it, drank our whiskey shots and PBRs, and people-watched the glorious hipsters. When we got drunk enough, we ate hot dogs. What more do you need in life?

Notes: Cash only, and on Saturday there was a $3 cover cause they had live music.

*When you're drunk
This place is okay. Everytime I come here, there is something odd as hell (a catering table in the back area that had spaghetti drunk people were amusingly trying to eat, two black labs chilling in the bar, a odd girl in yoga pants who was twirling and dancing on everyone until another girl poured a PBR on her head, a bartender with a shitty wig and glasses, a Rod Stewart-lookalike who dances to Duran Duran by himself by the jukebox...) so that makes it entertaining. 
One time there was a nice Foowich food truck there. I would never eat the food from the actual bar, though.

It's a nice place to get sloppy.
It's been about a year since i've been. was my birthday, drank way too much wild turkey, threw up on the train ride home. national rifle played. usually some good bands, cheap cover, cheap drinks, an interesting layout, if i remember correctly. worth checking out. though it's a few doors up from kung fu necktie and a block or so from johnny brendas you would never associate El Bar with those places. and that's a good thing. you can drink in peace in this neighborhoodly dive, and you're bound to run into a 65 year old plumber or junkman from around the corner. located right under the el. beware young ladies, in the  night time it's probably not the safest walk.
El Bar is a must dive bar in my book!! After a long day of shopping and mouthful of Pizza Brain. It was the perfect sunny, summer day for a patio! 

They have super cheap specials here... meaning beer shot of course. The tricky part is making it through the not so smooth backyard. There's cool art around and CATS!!! Yesssss... CATS! They are literally lounging and napping around the yard. They totally own the place. I felt like I was in my phone game, Neko Atsume (cat collector in Japanese). It made me happy to have a tall boy and chill with the felines. The regulars love the cats too. One guy was even telling that this one cat lovessss provolone. 

I also got a compliment on my favorite Verameat horror shirt from the bartender. I like it when people have such nice taste like myself!! He even had me write down the brand. I guess he likes horror films as much as I do!

I will have to add that I might've been the only girl on a Friday afternoon for the first hour and a half. I guess I was distracted by furballs that I missed that piece of information. At least, this fact saved me from bathroom lines. 

Super fun bar to have a group of friends and chill in the back! Or just cool off from running around Fishtown! Fishtown has grown so much and there is so much to see, do, eat and buy! My wallet too a beating walking from Chinatown to Fishtown!

El Bar in three words: Dive-Cats-Patio
Frequented this place awhile back when a friend had lived a block away. Have seen this place change a bit and also grow in popularity with a younger hipster crowd coming to it more and more. Cheap drinks, pool table and an average jukebox for an average neighborhood bar.
Super easy. Quick 'n dirty personified, but oh so right.
The El Bar is one of those places that you would think is dangerous if you're new to Philly, but it is one of the best divey bars in Philly to me. 

The beers are cheap, and 90% of the people around you will be drinking Pabst tallboys. 

The bar on busy days can be swamped, with both sides being virtually impassable. But luckily there is an backyard with plenty of chairs and tables (which is now a lot less shabby than it once was). Since it's mostly dirt back there, its only good during stretches of decent weather.

One regular days the crowd is generally hipsters with the occasional drunken regulars or pool sharks. Busier days see a lot more of what I call "the normals", the kids who used to normally be found at irish pubs in center city, that somehow found out about this place.  The crowd swings back and forth between slow and busy almost arbitrarily and it no way coincides with what day of the week it is.  

All in all, I love the place. Its great for those times when you only have a few bucks but you would like the hang out somewhere.
A dive-a-licious bar. Cheap beers, beer+shot specials, rowdy drunkards, rail liquor and a big backyard.
Looking to get sauced on the cheap?  Head to the El Bar.  Wanna go out to pre-game with little cash?  Head to the El Bar.  It's not quite 2am yet, you're still coherent and you want to reach the equivalent of yodeling off a cliff a la Price is Right?  El Bar.  Hell, you can grab take out lunch some place else and start the day right off at the El Bar since they're open mornings.  Even the bathrooms now smell exponentially better than a year ago; this bar is tops for advancing cirrhosis.
Wow....just wow!

After slugging pint after pint elsewhere and failing to achieve a satisfactory buzz, I moseyed on over here on Saturday night. 

I'll take my PBR sixteen ounces at a time, thank you very much. Heaven Hill sucks, but it gets 'er done. 

The crowd was awesome. 
The crew is awesome. 
The dungeon-like bathroom reminiscent of "The Silence of the Lambs" is awesome. 
The little hangout nook just beyond the bathrooms is awesome.
The mix of music playing on the jukebox was awesome.
They have a yard I didn't check out which I am sure is awesome. 

The dynamics of Philly's dive bars is a very interesting thing. 

Take a place with a comparable dive and grime quotient (D&GQ™), like Mako's for instance: Mako's location attracts doucher-types & tourists. El Bar attracts none of that. El Bar's location comes with a potential for _real_ danger. Mako's is labeled as 'dangerous' by know-nothings or the high & mighty. Both can be maligned for the very thing which gives them their appeal. 

You could write a doctoral thesis about this shit.

The special is the cheapest around. I can't remember the last time I encountered a friendlier crowd. Before I knew it, I was closing the place. 

Don't take my danger comment the wrong way. It shouldn't dissuade the street-wise or Philly-savvy from going there. Let's just not be naive, okay? I've taken quite a shine to this place and will definitely be back. 

Wow, just wow.....
The El Bar is an awesome dive located on the edge of Northern Liberties at 2nd and Front right under the elevated train, hence the name El Bar.  It might be an intimidating place at first glance but check out the beer prices and their 'city special,' a PBR pounder and house shot for 3.75 and the 'Special,' a Kenzinger and a house wiskey for 4.75. I came in here last Sunday with a friend and ended up picking up a stray at the bar, denting up my car, and even got laid. Overall, El Bar is a hell of place to inspire greatness and topple us all.

Happy eating and drinking Philly.
The last 2 times I went to what was one of my favorite places the new bar tender sucked like an A$$ - 1. I ask for a hot dog and she said they were not done then, a friend of hers walked in and the hot dogs r ready plus she was not attentive to the needs of my group - 2. I purchased a six pack to go and when I requested a bag she completely ignored me. I knew she heard me because she asked me to repeat myself - a$$ - yes I am angry - why the ignorance?
kinda divey and very friendly. this is where you'd go to escape fishtown/northern liberties madness. i understand they also have shows here.
When the EL Bar is great it's great! A chill local bar where you are likely to strike up a conversation with just about anyone and your glass will never be empty. This is usually on a weekday. When there is the wrong show the place can be transformed into hipster hell and is to be avoided unless you think The Barbary is fun. If there is an "event" keep on walking, if the place is packed to the gills and bikes are locked up 3-deep outside keep on walkin. If there are a few old heads playing pool and some people chillin' at the bar it's all good.
Typical dive. Open mic is great, not sure if they still do it but I used to play on Wednesday nights. Diverse crowd. Good prices.
If you like entitled, drunk hipsters who would rather die than be polite to someone unlike them - this is the spot for you. Awful !!!
I was there several years ago.  I saw a cockroach crawl onto my friends girlfriend's shoulder off of the wall.  I never went back.  Maybe it's changed since then but I don't suspect it has.
This place is OK.

It's a dive joint, but it's also a weird melting pot or people. Kind of like a punk rock Felini film, or somewhere that David Lynch would hang out.  It's a trip.  There's always the Rod Stewart guy there dancing his heart out.  God Bless him. They have 2 surly yet friendly cats that make rounds. YES you already love them both.  They got pinball and a pool table. Somebody is always trying to hustle you into playing a game.  It's got atmosphere and a Sanford & Son-esque back yard with christmas lights.  I don't deal with the outside unless it's Summer.  The women bartenders are really sweet and know what they are doing.  They make a good drink.  And they SMILE! All of this is rare for a hipster slog.  They got plenty of places to sit and you have a 50/50 chance of them being dry. Good odds.  

And you get a bizarre mix of people too. Hipster, punk, metal, Hip Hop, gay straight, the in between and the you can't really tell, local neighborhood and turistas, people with hats and colors, people who talk, or sulk or  just read, all sorts.  I always expected to walk in and see like a Mime flipping a pancake or someone on a unicycle.  It would just make sense to me somehow.  Plus there's the small area near the bathroom that just looks like something out of a vaudville sideshow. Like the bearded lady or a fortune teller or swordswallower should should be holding court there. It's weird

What I don't like isn't really an indication of the bar or the service so much as personal pet peeves.  It's a bit of a hike for me and if I'm with people they always want to take the shuttle back into town.  I HATE the shuttle, nuff said.  It's also necssary to get back into town cause if I need a cab, it's cheaper than catching one Girard.  For some reason THIS particular bar is where people  I know end up when they don't a have a ride or cabfare. Not Barcade or any other Girard haunt, this place.  It gets really old really fast when you are with people and all they ever want to do is go to EL Bar.  Also, nothing really changes here. It's like a time warp.  The same faces, the same stories, same drinks. Routine.  I don't like routine. It's boring.  If I go to this place more than twice in a span of 2 months I'm over it and want something new.

That shouldn't stop YOU from going there and checking it out. Barring the awful shuttle ride I cannot think of one reason to dissuade anyone from going. I just know how I am.  I don't hate it, it's just like...meh. 

But by all means go and promise me that if you ever actually see a mime you'll remember this review and give me a heads up so I can live the dream!
Owner Robin is awesome. Bartender Vic is awesome. Bartender Jasper is awesome. Bartender Mike is awesome. Cigarettes inside when it's super-cold are awesome. Lack of milk for White Russians is not awesome, but okay. Varied types of people who frequent it are usually really nice, though as I'm not a hipster, punk, or metal person, I feel weird and not cool enough when I notice what everyone else's wearing. The only time I ever saw live music there, it sucked and was way loud and irritating, but maybe I'm just a fuddy-duddy. Also jukebox only gives you 2 songs for a dollar..meh.
Oh El Bar ! I love you so much. Dark, grungy, you sell the Citywide Special, have an outdoor patio where random characters talk to you and that damn white cat that stays so white in all the filth back there. You're my favorite.
You have your favorite bars then you have a place that really feels like home. I love dive bars and have been to them all over the country. This one passes with flying colors. The juke box is pretty awesome the bartenders kick butt and the staff and patrons are often very interesting. Not every one is going to like you there but it's not a popularity contest just drink...I've gotten sloshed quite a few times here and had some interesting conversations and it's a great place to unwind and dissappear from the world for a few hours.

Definitely a place for lost souls and creatures of the night.

I've met the owner since and know quite a few of the bar tenders.

There have been some awkward moments where stupid friends nearly got me kicked out. But I myself still love this bar and have a lot of fond memories from times there.
Perfect dive bar... I had a ball there drinking pickle Backs. The drinks were cheap the atmosphere was cozy / dive. Mismatched seats a big pool table in the middle. The bar tender took some getting used to but even his personality came through after a few drinks. Really cool, laid back place. I just would suggest not using the restrooms there other then that have a blast. You might want to try the Kensington happy 2 hotdogs, chips and a PBR all for 5 bucks! Have fun
Divey (in a good way) and cheap. When I first started going there it was almost always pretty empty and now especially on the weekends there are tons of people there. Sometimes it is kind of difficult to get a drink because in my experience there are only 1-2 bartenders working at a time and about three zillion people trying to get a PBR.

They have good shows here pretty regularly also, and they have a nice chill backyard area. Nice place to finish off a night.
This ridiculous ranting about this bar allowing abusers to work there is completely unsubstantiated.  I've been frequenting this bar for roughly 4 years and have had nothing but decent service and an all around good time there. Granted it's a total dive bar but I'm pretty sure that's that's the category it's listed under on Yelp.  If cheap beer and a comfortable environment is what you want...check it out!  For those idiots who are posting some social commentary on here, keep that shit to yourself.  Bottom line...El bar is probably the only good dive bar left in this booshie neighborhood.  As far as I'm concerned it's a good practice to stay the hell out of other people's business and I thought Yelp was a site to find a place for a good meal or a good time, nothing more.
$3 citywide special (PBR and a shot of whiskey) - sign me up.  If you don't like this dive, then you my friend, are a snob.

Come for the cheap drinks, stay for the pool table and photohunt,
The el bar once a hip cool spot like 5-10 years ago has been overrun by broverflow, ESP on the wknds. I like to go here during the day time, when you can have the place and the pool table to yourself. Bartenders for the most part are great really solid staff behind the bar. Crowd used to be mixed bag, really actually diverse. Owner never really raised her prices by too much. But the bouncers here are absolute dicks like super unpleasant to interact with, they'll also sush you or threaten to kick you out for raising your voice in the backyard (don't even have a backyard if ppl can't even laugh and have to fucking whisper after 10pm). Also this place has a stench, but in a familiar way. The bathrooms need a deep cleaning and they should probably cap entrance when they get god awfully packed as it's a fire hazard.
smells more than just a bit like pee and body odor. if that doesn't bother you, it's a fairly enjoyable dive.
This is my favorite bar in Philly, and I travel from West Philly to get here.  My friend Elvis puts shows on here and they are always an amazing time.  Check their myspace for upcoming shows.

myspace.com/the_el_bar
Easy place to meet new people and Jess Fox's bartending is on point. If you never have been here, definitely stop over there. During the summer, their giant yard is awesome.
I came here last night for really no good reason but to revisit an old method and maybe meet some people. 
The bartender is kinda a dick. He was wearing this mullet wig and gave me a seedy vibe. I showed up with bags of donuts from dunkin because I casually enjoy sharing my excess baked goods with bar people, and the fucker totally snatched them and gave them out to the bar like they were his. What a moron. 
Anyhizzle, The bar is kinda cool, there's plenty to stare at and in the summer time you can even chill in their really cool back patio area. Good for all ages.
I used to really like this place.  But the female bartender there last night decided to give me a crash course in how to order a beer.  While she was too busy talking to her friends and leaving me waiting for a beer.  The guy with the beard and cool hair was awesome and I still like the joint.  But that bartender was the worst I've dealt with in a really long time.  Brought 5 people with me last night. Won't be bringing them back however.
This place is a neighborhood dive bar in the best sense of the word. Cheap drinks, pool table, standard issue jukebox. The back yard area is great when it's warm enough to be out there. The place has definitely been discovered by the hipsters but it's not really an issue outside of peak times Friday and Saturday nights. There have been some great cheap live rock and punk shows lately as well.  The flip side is that the neighborhood is still shaky so you don't want to leave anything in your car. Parking is usually not a problem.
I would rate 1 star, but I didn't want to be mean and judge this place after one visit. Our bartender was rude. Straight up rude. If I saw her again out of the bar, I would definitely recognize her. Not that running into her is ever goinb to happen since I don't live here.
"CASH ONLY, HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU BEEN HERE COME ON"
Like, girl. Calm down. My first time here. Don't yank the five out of my hand. I get that this is a grimey, divey bar but YOU don't need to be grimey and divey.
Scrolled down to see other reviews, decided to say who she was - black hair, had a compass tattoo on her back.
Named affectionately after the elevated tracks hovering above, this dive will provide you with a (not so) memorable night. The "City-Wide Special" will knock you off your feet at $3 for a beer and a shot and they have karaoke on Mondays. It looked a lot like my Brooklyn neighborhood and it made me pretty upset that we don't have anything comprable to El. Oh well, that just means I'll have to go back.
Went here last night. I liked the outdoor area, I like when bars have that option. Even though I have had a knack for more making more "hipster" friends, I didn't LOVE the hipster scene- too much smoking! Barf! 
I did like that there was a jukebox. Oh! And I like that drinks are cheap as shit. Yeah! Good job guys.
Great little bar everyone is friendly here. Discovered it about a year and a half back .Actually my friend discovered it.  We were driving around looking for a place to hang out. At first I said no but we went in anyways. Mostly catering to punk rock crowd (which i am not a part of). However it doesnt exclusively cater to the punk rock crowd. The owner or owners were Savvy enough to make it diverse enough. They have exclusive what I call band nights. I havent went on one of these nights as it seems like mostly punk rockish type of music. They have some type of alternating shcedules of some sort. One weekend punk rock night other weekends not. You have to check the blackboard or any of the fliers they have stapled at the bar if this isnt your cup of tea. I consider myself a semi-regular at this place. I know some of the regulars that haunt this place. Its a mix crowd in here and never a problem...Which is why I like it. Meet different people from different walks...The El bar is constantly changing crowds...You might step in and It will be four of five people. Go to the bathroom come out and it might be 15 people. Might be mostly punk rock crowd one minute a mix the next or who knows the next. This seems like its mostly a word of mouth place and I like it like that. No flashy neon signs or flashy decor. I think its best like this if you ask me...It usually not over crowded(except band nights) and just the right amount of people..One thing I wish they had an advance schedule of events..Suppose to be on on myspace but have not found it yet...
The El Bar is an awesome place. Based off of how I dress, one could assume I would not "fit in" here. However, that is never how I felt. I loved the outdoor patio. I loved inside. i loved the pool table. I ALWAYS had fun. And it is cheap.

Oh yeah and the beef jerky is pretty delicious.

Nothing to complain about, just go. Especially outside when it's nice.
This is probably my favorite dive in the entire city of Philadelphia. I have never had a bad time here.

Cheap drinks, interesting patrons. You'll meet an array of strange characters here, and they're always friendly.

The backyard kind of looks like a junkyard, but it's a great place to plop down with friends on a beautiful day (and tie on a day load).

El Bar, if I could pack you up and take you back to the suburbs with me, I would.
I used to call this place home when I lived half a block away. The best time to come is early in the afternoon when it's nice and quite so you get the oppertunity to play pool for a few hours (unlike at night where you'll be lucky if your turn even comes up). Spacious back yard with plenty of seating. Strung up twinkle lights. And the El Bar Cats.

My only complaint is this place's growing popularity and how crowded it gets in the evenings/at night. (which is good for the business itself, but not if you want to relax and have easy access to ordering a drink).
Awesome outdoor area, friendly staff and decent crowd.  Not usually over crowded like Brenda's or other hipster hot-spots, and a good mix of hipsters and townies that leads to a great night.

3 dollar city wides (shot of heaven hill and PRB pounders)
Close to me, cheapsest Citywide Special I've seen anywhere, two cats, two hot dog and PBR happy meal, and a backyard.  Can you ask for anything more?  I certianly can't.

Yes, the atmosphere is hipstery, but most people are friendly, or at the very least, not afraid to talk to you.  I think 90% of the times I've gone to El Bar, I've ended up having a conversation with someone I didn't know going in.  It usually adds to my adlready great experience.  I've had a hipster couple suggestively ask how old I was, a man in a cowboy hat tell me about his self-starring photo shoot, and had some ask me, "Wanna play Dirty Harry?".  Luckily, I quickly realized it was just the pinball machine.

With a $3.50 City-Wide special, you can get yourself drunk with barely a dent in your wallet.
This is an update to this review. Lately more of the "Punker Crowd" or hipster(not sure what you call them) have been coming to the El bar. This can be great or Ehh!  depending on where you fit in. The change over has taken over a span of over a year or so. Less and less of the orignal regulars(before the transition)  have been showing up. Then again lately I havent been going as much so they might still show. Having said this, the people here are friendly and still never a problem. Even if this isnt your crowd you still can have a good time. Saturday pretty much completely belong to the Punker Hipster crowd. Before it was a rotating schedule sort of like an experiment. Guess the experiment worked and went Punker Hipster. I stopped in the other night my first time in while. I still had a good time. My buddy who originally discovered the bar has pretty much stop going. He pretty much goes to play pool and we both live about 20 mins away. So its kind of pain for him to drive up and discover they have a band going on(no pool table). Especially since this seems to be the norm now. Smoking (im a smoker) takes place outside now and a new outside Lounge(the backyard) has opened up. Wrapping up my update I still haunt the El bar but has become less frequent. On Band nights I just peek in maybe sit for a beer or just plain leave. On those nights it gets packed and well dont particulary like the music. Some of the old original Non-Punksters have just melded in with the Punk Hipster crowd and deal with it. Still a friendly place with friendly Bar Tenders...

PS...
in walking distance from both johnny brenda's and KFN, the el bar is part of a triumvirate of rad. go get liquored up on citywide specials before/after a show...or just sit around and play photohunt!
Went early on a Weds night (8 or so).  

First noticed the bartender was a ZZ Top animatron--sprayed wig buffont, long black beard, dark shades, few on words.  

Drinks were cheap--the citywide special here is upgraded to a PBR tallboy.  Good people watching, pinball. I plan on going back.
The El is a place that pushes to and sometimes beyond the limits of dive bar. The decor is eclectic and made of what are definitely found pieces of furniture. That in itself is kind of charming, but it does seem like the pieces were found in the dirtiest dumpster in philly,  wiped with a square of toilet paper, and thrown into the bar.

In fact, the entire place does have a very dirty feel- and smell. The yard out back is dirt and dirty furniture. I don't mind a dirt yard, but it's dark, uneven, and smells off. We sat at a table and it was so uneven that a light poke knocked over the drinks on the table. 

Also a negative is that the staff does indeed let you know that you're talking too loudly. It feels like you're secretly drinking underage, and is a big buzzkill.  We came on a Saturday night so the yard and bar were packed- there was no hope for quiet.

I will say, though, that the staff can a be a bit standoffish initially, but I can't blame them based on the very hipster clientele. In reality, all you have to do is talk to the staff like actual people and you'll recognize that they are amazing and probably get a few good stories out of them. Really, the staff is a bright, bright spot of this place, and they serve ridiculously cheap drinks if that's a selling point for you.

Overall, coming here will leave you smelling and wondering if you caught anything from sitting in the bar. You can get cheap, poor to average quality liquor/beer made as well as possible by great people, but it's only worth it if you don't mind hanging out in what amounts to a dumpster that gets a spray of fabreeze every few years.
Cash only (I know, right?).

I've been here two or three times now and each visit has been enjoyable. It's the good kind of dive bar that is comfortable, friendly, and fun. 

The inside is small-ish but offers some seating and plenty of standing room. The bar itself is pretty large and the bartenders are friendly, so it has consistently been pretty quick to get a drink. 

Only on my most recent trip did I go out back to the yard. I was definitely missing out as this is the best part! There is much more seating and it's really nice when the weather is good. The whole vibe going on outside reminded me of bars that I visited in Austin.

It's reliably fun and only a matter of time before I'll be back.
We like coming here because it's close to our house and we have met new friends here. 

Even the chunky bartender with black lipstick who was really mean to us on NYE rendered a perfect dive bar experience. B* just gimmie my pbr! And like it! 

I really like the outside area. It's heated, too! It's a good place to start your night. It's great for what it is, a dive bar.
Whenever here I feel as though I am the least hip individual in the spot. This isn't neccessarily a bad thing.  Granted I kinda sorta enjoy walking in the door clean shaven, rocking a button up shirt just to see what type of reactions I get from the the bearded, tattooed, leather jacket wearing hipper than hip hipsters.  It's a great dive bar spot.  If you want cheap beer, a philly special, or just take a load off, the El bar is for you.  
  The employees are always helpful, and they hold it down really well.  Christi and Jess are always on point, killing it!  When the weather is nice the backyard is a great hidden spot to sit on old beat up lawn chairs/furniture and drink your high life or pbr.  If your with a group of people, grab a table, smoke as many hand rolled cigarettes as you need to fulfill your nicotine fix, and then stumble back inside and spend few dollars on a beer and a hot dog.  Hell if your feeling crazy, get a "happy meal!"  
  There is almost always a wait for the pool table, if your bored and looking to shoot some pool (even mid-day) jump on your bike, pedal over and you'll be able to find someone who will play!
The El bar is everything you want a dive bar to be. It is the dive bar of my dreams. It's literally perfect. It's equipped with $2 pounders and $3 city wides, plus an amazing outdoor space accented by a hodge podge of party lights, roaming kitties and the el sweaking by every 10 minutes. It's fantastic. Check out the open mic night on Wednesday nights, too. I also love the jazz band - such groove!  It gets a bit busy on the weekends and late nights, which makes it slightly less enjoyable. Also, watch out for trolls that hang out at the bar. They will deride you for no reason but to entertain themselves.
City special... HYFR  Not only will you get PBR AND WHISKEY but the smoking area is heated in the backyard. Great dive bar and those who wrote previous reviews enticed me to come here tonight.  Live music (no cover) tonight, great place & diverse, come check it out.
I was brought here by some friends, after having heard the name over and over in about a hundred different contexts. 

I am a believer in the church of the el bar. Good prices, great backyard, and a hilarious congregation of misfits that attend daily mass there. They do the citywide, and they have Shiner Ruby Redbird, which as a Texas girl, makes me a very happy girl. The el reminds me of some bars back home in Houston, and I mean that in a fond way. 

Some of the regulars come walking up and engage you in conversations and spin tales of comic book plots that involve you & your group of friends, and you can just gel off of the people around you to keep making up this alternate reality. Or you can look down in silence and wait for it to pass. But the people are what make this bar so much fun, so be open to having a wacky time and talking to strangers like you have known them for years. 

They do have events and karaoke, which I have never attended, but the el seems to be a great place to meet up and unwind after work with some friends. Do that.
Is it appropriate to live and work and play in Fishtown/Kensington and not just really like El Bar? Is it not unconscionable to patronize the neighborhood establishments who run the gambit from trying so hard for posterity yet failing so much as put on aires to full on corporate mousetrap while turning up ones nose at an establishment which has clearly implemented a dive bar algorithm and executed practically without flaw? I think it heresy for any one who touts the culture of functional alcoholism relieved of politics for a politics of indifference, deficient in violence both physical and economic, and enlivened by the most proprietous anesthetic that cause of and cure to all of life's problems -- Cheap Booze -- to propagate the sin of self-induced delusions that El Bar does not approach the pinnacle of simplified, modern-dingy, dank, hole-in-the-wall aesthetic and streamlined the practice of drinking within in. So keeping in line with its "less than perfect perfect" spirit, four out of five stars is the most suitable rating..
This establishment has a fine staff, I was stuck outside with a dead battery and one of the bartendars was walking by and stopped to see what was wrong. He was on foot so could not help me. After ten minutes of attempting to figure things out he comes back around on a bike to tell me to wait there and he'd be right back. He went all the way home to get his car and jump me at 2 am. His response "My papa bear told me if I had the opportunity to do a good deed, to take it" It was the dearest thing. Kudos El Bar staff!
This aptly named hipster paradise is a great neighborhood dive.  Cheap beer, bartenders who clearly don't care about you, and cats.  Don't expect great service or a freshly cleaned table.  Still, it's a good place to end the night.
One of my favorite dive-y bars in fishtown which is chock full of chill neighborhood places.

The El Bar gets points for having cheap strong drinks, and good deals on booze. Also the El Bar has shows which vary from punk to rockabilly to hip-hop. Honestly this is one of the handful of bars in East Kensington/Fishtown that welcomes "outsiders"(read non-white or gay or too bougie). 

Come here to relax and have drinks with friends. Beware the back yard in the summer time-lots of mosquitos!
Can't be beaten. We moved down the block and were intrigued from day 1. Went in for a couple PBR tall boys and certainly enjoyed the view. Quite the scene to say the least .. we encourage you to give it a go. As a matter of fact, we're on our way back right now!

They run a 'Kensington Happy Meal' every day til 7. For $5 you get a a PBR Tall boy, a shot, 2 hot dogs and A TOY! 

Seriously, awesome.

BRING CASH!
One of my favorite bars in Fishtown. I love the backyard area and the pool table. Drinks are cheap, large, and strong. There's never any cover. 

Cash only- I ALWAYS forget.
I love El Bar.  It's a non-pretentious 'hippster-ish' place, void of douche-bags with cheap drinks and a great vibe.  The people there are usually locals and pretty friendly.  There are always a decent number of people at the place, but never too crowded nor empty.   It's a great sort of low-key place to hang out, play some pinball, pool, or to just throw back a few cheap beers.
If you like art, that's your place. If you like to talk to random people, this is your bar, if you are a smoker, and you enjoy smoking while drinking, EL is your place. Art, friendly, hippsteish, no PC thing ;), if you visit philly, you just need to have one night in the EL, the beer is chap, PBR with shot i think is like 3$. it is a little busy on weekends, so show up early, or show up like Wednesday around 8 or 9. 
I miss the EL.
This is just a quick update. Well its pretty much of a hipster Grunge crowd as of late with the occasional regular blending in. This seems to be the direction the scene is heading as before it was a blend. Seems as they arrive in waves as of late and come and go. I occasionally stop in just to have a few and see if I bump into any of folks from before. Finally got my friend to go with me and we still had a decent time. Although I think he has pretty much moved on. Guess im still hanging on a little...lol...Still friendly crowd and never a problem....
There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said about El Bar. It's at the top of my list for favorite dive bars in my neighborhood. It's the perfect place to hang out, have a drink (3.50 citywide FTW!), pet some kitties, go out back for a smoke, chill, play some pool, hang with hipsters, lather, rinse, repeat. 

An example of the awesomeness that is El Bar. I got some devastating news last week, so I called my friend and made her come out drinking with me. At 11 am. Yes, this is how the story starts. So, we sit and drink; slow and steady. Chat with the bartender, go out for a smoke, realize that we're starving. Mike the bartender busts out the big book of menus, orders us Mexican and so we just hung out, sat at the bar eating burritos, drinking Jack and snacking on tres leches cake. It was a beautiful moment and for that I will always love the El Bar. 

Also, every time I'm there, I end up having awesomely funny conversations with strangers. I like that in a bar. Very friendly clientele. 

Plus, there are cute cats that hang out there. I mean that both in the feline sense and the adorable hipster sense. Yay.
I go here sporadically, depending on how much money I have and which friends I'm meeting. It's a great place to go to hang out in the back... It feels just like someone's backyard, except there's more seating. Cheap beer, good times.

One question -- is that a wig or what? also, does that guy need to act so burdened when i ask him for a Kenzinger (which is the only beer they have on tap)?
The El has become one of my regular haunts.  A great divey atmosphere inside and out.  The bar is split between two rooms with an exposed brick wall.  The backyard with dirt floors is lovely when the weather is accommodating; although it's usually stuffed with smokers.  Cheap beers and the citywide make it a great place to end the evening.  It's hipstery but the crowd is much more down to earth then the new crowd at Johnny Brenda's.  They often have great bands playing.  And I really, really want to get there for one of their zombie burlesque shows.  Yes, you heard that right.  Zombie.  Burlesque.
Pool table, music, cheap beer, back yard, good people. This is always a go to spot. Love this place.
It's a nice bar with a good atmosphere, friendly service with a smile, and its not to expensive, good place to go if you live close by and want to get out of the house for a while, I wouldn't go out of my way to drink here, just a good neighborhood bar that's not to hipster infested, big back yard if you like to drink out side on a nice night
First, this is a basic dive bar and is CASH ONLY.

Love the El, especially in the spring, summer, and fall when the weather is nice and you can enjoy a nice Kenzinger Special out back while the train rumbles by. There are few places you can enjoy a beer and relax like you were in your own backyard on a summer day like you can at the El. 

Always a good time, it is nice a quiet during the day and has a way of attracting a diverse crowd from the old Kenzos to the new Yupsters (that is, Yuppies who like to pretent they are poor Hipsters) with plenty of authentico Hipsters in between. It has that an intimate and homey feel that lots of dive bars do, only in my opinion more so, I think because the center bar and portion wall dividing the space in two rooms, the small recessed "stage" nook to the side, and the backyard subconsciously cause you to recall a house. 

The backyard is great but the caveat is that they shut it all down at 11pm on and encourage you to keep it down in general as it gets late on weeknight out of consideration for the neighbors, which I am fine with because I am not an inconsiderate brat. On weekends it is a different story and is open almost to close. Also, sometimes Racoons come out of the tree, and that's cool.

For deals on drinking the El is hard to beat. $2 for a PBR pounder. $2.50 Kenzinger during happy hour. They actually do the City Wide (shot and a beer) unlike most of the downright un-Philadelphian bars in the city, and for only $3.50. Maybe you are hungry? Grab a Kenzington Happy Meal; a PBR pounger, two hot dogs, a bag of chips, and a toy for $5. Or maybe some vegan tacos or a cup of Ramen that they offer. You may also be lucky enough to show up when they are doing free pasta, which I stumbled upon before, and even as a Italian-American pasta snob I have no problem with mediocre pasta for free dollars. 

Some people might find the place a bit dark and dirty for their tastes. They may not like the very limited beer selection, or the cheap liquor. That is fine, just set a heading South and go back to Center City and South Street and be pretentious there instead, more room in the El for me, and it gets crowded fast when they shut the yard down.
Not much in either direction.  Very divey, the digital jukebox and fairly inexpensive prices are the best things about this place.  The outside rape-dark patio is nice, too, for when it's time for sex crimes.  Live music occasionally, typical cluttered/trashy-hip decorum, graffiti on the bathroom walls, piss on the toilet seat, a big fat surly dick-pimple wearing a mullet wig and fake beard behind the bar serving Miller High Life and PBR strait out of the cans and bottles they were born in!

It's okay, but there are better dives if you want that atmosphere, which is the only reason you'd go here instead of the dozens of other places like it in Philly.  Not saying I dislike it, just no reason to go out of your way specifically to go here.
in love with the bartender. 
i think he's a wwf star.
he must be a star, he was wearing sunglasses and a big black wig.
lighting my farts on fire didn't impress him tho, maybe he didn't see me i was working so hard.
GREAT GREAT place.
All types of people. I like that. Its just regular. There is a beautiful photograph on the wall of the owners parents when they were young and very much in love.... that  just rules.
LOVE LOVE everywhere in there.
Great times. If you play a song on the ol' jukebox, pay 3 credits to play next. Or you will NEVER hear your song.
The very definition of a dive bar.  Cash only, cheap drinks, run down in all the best ways, and a lot of fun.  I've gotten drunk here many a night for very cheap, mainly thanks to the Philly special they serve here.  A shot of Heaven Hill and a pounder of PBR for $3?  Can't get any better.
This bar just vibes what you'd image Fishtown would be like in a nutshell. Eccentric / eclectic patrons and decor with vintage posters and beer stickers lining the walls, Christmas lights and Skelton's hanging from the ceiling, this place is pretty chill. We sat in the back corner and used the packman machines a table for our cheap dogfish cans. I'd expect this would be a great bar to people watch at.
Hot dogs at a bar? Chill vibes with talkative people when karaoke on a Monday night? Bathrooms open up onto a small dance area, so not great placement, but the people make up for it.
This is my boyfriend's favourite bar ( I can barely get him to go anywhere else), and he has been trying to get a job bartending there for months. Unfortunately, they seem to be following the nauseating trend of only hiring girls in belly shirts. Since we started going there, at least three hot girl bartenders we've never seen before have suddenly appeared. If you'll allow a bit of self--serving campaigning: My boyfriend Ray is looking for a bartending job. He's the old-school charming barkeep type. He's the kind of guy you could imagine being behind the bar at Dobb's in its glory days, but he was a little too young then. Please let me know if you know of any places that are hiring.
Cheap booze, good atmosphere, huge backyard. El bar is legit.
This place just sickens me in every way possible. So much messed up shit goes on here and people just look the other way. I tried to be nice and look for the bright sides before to appease people who I thought were friends who love this shithole but in reality were just human garbage. So of course they felt at home here. 

I hope this place burns to the ground and takes everyone who loves it with it. It'll be a blessing.
We wandered in here after a long day of drinking with the intent of drinking some more. To be honest, I have no idea how we got here or what streets we walked down. All I remember is that I thought it had a fantastic name.

The bartender was super nice and promptly served M and me our Kensington specials (two hot dogs, bag of chips and a PBR pounder). It was awesome. I am not hard to please. I also want to go back.
$4 citywide AND the bartender gave me a FREE BUTTERFINGER. He was just passing them out to people at the bar!! What more can you ask for!!
Place stinks unless there's something going on.

Beware the troll owner who yells at you for breathing too loudly... god forbid we should enjoy ourselves while we pay her and her employees' bills.
Reading other Yelp reviews gave me hope for this spot. After a show a couple weeks ago my best friend and I were in the mood to go out. This place was not very impressive. I mean...it's a dive bar so maybe my expectations should not  have been so high. Fellow bar-goers included a wide assortment of people. Hipster, creepsters, and just middle aged men enjoying a few terrible beers. Apparently PBR tallboys are $2 each and I could tell since almost everyone around me was drinking just that. I will stick to a nice Dogfish Head IPA in lieu of hipster cred. Anyway. the hipsters. oh the hipsters. I have to admit they had a nice little jukebox with the Smiths and Passion Pit but nowadays this isn't a very rare since it is 2011 and all. Basically if you're looking for a diverse crowd go here and bring your cash because they do not accept cards. good luck.
The ugly black hair bartender who works here is so rude and lazy she cant even tell you what's on tap, instead she points to an illegible board and when you order a draft she gives you a bottle. For her lack of concern she gets a zero tip and a promise that we wont be back.This dive bar is staffed with ugly, miserable people who are so unfriendly that the whole experience is disgusting. Been there - done that, this bar is a dive that wont last and certainly isn't fun; the staff should be fired, just a crappy experience all around- good riddance.
I have been coming here for years. Was here for a few beers early in the night. A new bouncer here gripped me up for no reason at 9:30 because I leaned outside the door to yell to a friend. He tried to shut the door on me, then put his hands on me then when I walked back into the bar came and put his hands on me again. My boyfriend who was smoking outside told him that was totally unnecessary. I have never in 10-12 years of going to bars been manhandled or spoken to like that for no reason, I've never had a single problem with bouncers ever, even in my crazy wild woman days. Egos, man.
A hip little bar serving up cold beer and cheap liquor. A beer and a shot is like $3. Patron mix is young hipster crowd so you might get some good suggestions for the holes in the wall and the thrift stores in town.

The artwork is really cool and unique and they have a pretty sizeable outdoor seating area which is particularly nice to have in a city.
It's easy to be here, Quite chill. Cheap beer. Good variety. Awesome staff. Backyard beyond compare. Eclectic people mix.  Old neighborhood  family business for forty-something years. I have heard the owner say that while growing up in the business, she used to do her homework here. Although I wish they sold more food, I have to acknowledge the Kensington Happy Meal which you can get before 7 pm. You get a PBR pounder, 2 hot dogs, a bag of chips and a magical toy of wonder for five bucks! What more can I say? El Bar, please never change.
This place is fun to go to with friends since its surrounded/near other bars for a night of bar hopping. Been here twice now the times I've been to Philly. Its a dive bar with cheap beer and they have the citywide special which is the thing to get when in Philly. The decorations are cool and fun tacky. The backyard is cool at night. Just be sure not to talk loud because the neighbors will turn on a light letting you know you're loud or someone that works there will yell at you.... There's not much seating inside unless you go out to the backyard. With has a cat that roams around, if you're allergic to cats just be careful. There's some good and bad bartenders but most of the time you will be ignored for awhile or get a bit of an attitude from them. Their beer selection is great though!
