I visited Adobe once or twice pre-COVID, but became a regular after we went into lockdown.  

I really feel like their COVID precautions should be the standard.  They have shower curtains between every seat outside (and when indoor dining was allowed they had plastic walls between in table).  They clean and disinfect regularly and have a good system to ensure people know which tables have been treated and went.  The staff all were masks and follow social distancing.

With the track less than a quarter mile away, we usually stop in as a small group (2-4) following our track workout on Tuesday's.  They have a Tuesday night special which is awesome. I've had most of the menu by this point, and recommend the steak fajitas, shrimp tacos, and red & green chicken enchiladas.  A friend of mine lives off the veggie burrito - it is huge and can probably work as two meals.  The best part, free chips and salsa (amazingly good salsa).

The staff is friendly. Prices are reasonable and in the case of 2-for-$35 with a pitcher Tuesday nights more than reasonable. And as a I mentioned, the COVID standards are well implemented.

They have limited outdoor seating and as it is getting colder I'm not sure how much longer we'll go to eat there, but it is our standard post-track.  Hope to see you there.
One very weird place this is...

I had a late Friday lunch here with a friend. After eating at Adobe just once, we have no plans to ever return. 

On the positive side, the servers and bussers are friendly, accomodating and pleasant. That's it for the positives.

This restaurant is on a residential street and clearly was once a single family home. Maybe parts of it still are; I don't know. It's very large, but as another reviewer said, it seems only 1% of the place is in use for business. There is a small, covered patio for outdoor dining, and then there's a main room with a bar. That room is where everyone seems to get seated. There was no decor to speak of and the place looked very shabby but clean inside. It felt like it could be haunted and no, I am not trying to be amusing in saying that. 

The food? Ha! Definitely not what I would call 'Mexican.' Chips, served fresh, warm and with a good salsa were free with our orders and in my estimation, they were the only palatable part of the meal. They set us up with anticipation but boy-did we then get fooled and let down.

My friend ordered a vegan burrito. I had a shredded chicken burrito. Both meals came with a very large side of "Spanish" rice which tasted like third rate Rice-a-Roni. The other side was a sloppy pile of mushy vegetables which included a small, overcooked end of an ear of frozen corn, some limp kale, a lot of flaccid julienned zucchini and something else that I could not identify. Perhaps just as well. There was no seasoning thus very little taste other than the school cafeteria like aura and sadness of wickedly abused greens. 

The burritos were a fair size but the flour tortillas were oddly thick; thicker than any I have ever encountered on either coast. My burrito consisted of a lot of boiled, shredded white meat chicken with no spices whatsoever, not even salt or pepper, along with a few stray white beans. I have never been served white beans in Mexican, Tex Mex or Southwestern cooking. Kidney beans, turtle beans, black beans and pinto beans-yes. These white beans, though? Just bizarre. And like everything else, quite devoid of flavor. Fortunately, the server brought a very large (think Easter size) basket of various hot sauces to the table unasked, so utilizing them and the salsa, I was able to add some semblance of life and savoriness to my food. My friend made no comments about her burrito and did not finish it. Unusual for her. She was not asked if she wanted to take the rest home. I think they already knew the answer.  

We did not get drinks so I cannot give a thumbs up or down about the prowess of the bartender. The wait for a check was interminable.

I have a feeling that one cannot get decent, even semi-authentic Mexican food in Manayunk but I have not yet given up trying. Most certainly you cannot get it at Adobe.
When we were deciding as a family where to go for a bite tonght, I suggested Adobe in Roxborough because they have good chips and great margaritas.

When at the end of our perfectly fine meal our waitress went MIA, I asked another waiter to get her.  He asked what her name was, I said I didn't know. He then asked what she looked like, so I said she was a heavy-set black woman with short hair.  He immediately pointed her out pand she came by with the check without utterin a word.  As I was leaving the manager stopped me in my path and said "Did you call one of my staff a 'fat black woman'?"  I explained what happened and I called the waiter over.  He said he "thought" I said fat, black woman.  I corrected him and reminded him he asked for a description of the waitress.  He then got in my face saying if I had a problem I should take it up with him, not the manager.  It was a ridiculous exercise in accusation, racism and intimidation. I got home, called and had to drag the owner's name from the hostess. 

Inexcusable treatment from ignorant staff.  Nasty, ugly behavior there. Don't waste your money or time going to Adobe in Roxborough.
The chips and salsa and wings always brings us back but every time it was always a disappointment with something. Service, food, drinks etc. This time we are breaking up for good. 

They now have a Groupon menu which excludes all the good options. 
Margaritas are always sugary and no alcohol. 
Service was slooooooow, restaurant was empty. 
Kid's burger was raw. 
Complimentary chips and salsa were skimpy, about 15 chips in the basket and salsa was filled halfway.
We were handed about 5-6 menus, 1 for regular diners, another 1 for Groupon diners, another 1 for happy hour, another 1 for their Monday and Tuesday specials, another one for kids.....
Chicken, duck and chorizo fajitas were bland. The tortillas were cold and got hard the minute we unwrapped it from the warm towel. It was odd.
I ate at the Adobe Cafe a while back and I wasn't impressed. I decided to give Adobe Cafe a second chance, and it was the same experience. Unfortunately for me I decided to take my friend with me for the second experiment, and I left embarrassed at the lack of a good meal.

1. The chips they served were stale, and most likely out of a bag from sysco. 

2. The "queso" they offer on their menu is nothing more than a mediocre canned cheese mixed with some really bad taco-seasoned beef. It tasted more like vomit than anything else.

3. The guacamole that came with the meal was heavily oxidized. It had either been sitting out for a while, or probably came from a similar can as the cheese.

4. The spanish rice was sub-par. They used frozen mixed vegetables with it? I'd rather take it lightly seasoned with no veggies.

5. The decor isn't bad, but the place smells like a 15 year old chi-chi's (old frying oil).

Other then the above, the main course (I got the combo) wasn't that bad. We didn't bother with desert as we were all left disappointed with the overall experience.
Last night, I am sad to say, the Adobe burned down. Actually it didn't burn down but at 5:30 am (which i guess is actually today) it did catch fire. As my brother said, that means they'll finally get a new door and might have to redecorate the place. 

That being said, I'm sad that they might not be open for a minute. The Adobe is by no means a destination spot, but it is a solid neighborhood restaurant that provides ok service, ok food, ok drinks and a great environment for an affordable night out. 

The only thing I ever really eat here anymore are the Steak Tips and rice. Sometimes they're awesome, large and delicious; sometimes they're okay, kinda small and well past medium rare. A good night is hit or miss, but the food is always at least ok. My brother and lots of my friends swear by the Corn Chowder.The chips and Salsa are always fresh and good, and the bar keeps beers cold and makes passable cocktails. My cousin loves their Sangria. 

I like the Adobe mostly because it's comparably inexpensive and has an outdoor patio that is a great place to enjoy time with friends and family in leisure. The building is a hot pinkish-orangish "adobe" which makes me feel like I'm in a low-budget fake-Mexican movie. The decorations make me think I'm in that low-budget, fake-Mexican movie on acid. 

But I like it. What can I say? If it's within walking distance, you'll probably like it one cool summer night, too...
Went there on Sunday with the family. The food was very good not great, but as other reviews mention, the service is extremely slow. be prepared for a 2 hour event.

The fajita's were very good, the steak were a little more flavorful than the chicken. I highly recommend the Texas wings as an app, and the fried ice cream. wasn't a real fan of the apple crisp desert.
I've eaten here too many times to count over the past ~10 years.  Now that most of the waitstaff I know on a personal level have left I can finally give an unbiased review.  There are a ton of options on the menu that should appeal to just about anybody, with the expected beef, pork, and chicken to all types of seafood, duck, tofu, and seitan.  They've offered vegetarian options for quite a long time now, way before it was en vogue.  The wings here are incredible, which from time to time causes me to break my rule against eating foods that get all over my hands and face.

There are a number of interesting entrees and ever-changing specials, as well as a wide assortment of drinks.  Some of the menu options leave me scratching my head (pasta at a Mexican/Southwestern restaurant?)  All in all the food is decent, the drinks are better, but for some of the prices I think there are better options to be had elsewhere in the city.  I understand the owner is trying to set expectations higher than that of your typical Mexican joint, but that goal is at odds with the plywood booths, dingy carpets, and tacky decor visibly attached to the walls with drywall screws.  Another minor annoyance is the drink pricing.  None of the drink prices include taxes so you end up paying odd amounts like $4.40 for a beer.  Come on, give me some nice round numbers so I'm only getting quarters back instead of nickels and dimes. 

There is ample free parking in the lot across the street making a very convenient destination in an otherwise parking-starved neighborhood.   It's a good place to come out for margaritas/cervezas with some friends, especially to grab some outdoor seating on a nice summer day, but keep your expectations in check.  If you're looking for a local place in Roxborough it's a good choice, but I think that speaks more to the options in Roxborough than anything else.
Alright, here's the deal: If you want outstanding service, try to always land a male server. In no way am I saying the women here can't do it proper, or that the fellas won't screw up; they have quite a few competent and sociable waitresses, and I've had an off day from dudes a time or two before. What I am letting you know is that when I've had a poor expecience at the Adobe, it was almost always at the hands of one of two lady servers, so, rather than put both of them on blast, I decided to recommend avoiding the entirety of the female wait staff. Sorry ladies. 

Recently the menus were stream lined a bit, but quality grub and moderate pricing is still what's available. Main picks for me remain the steak tips, the corn chorizo soup (no longer available in bowls, only cups), and the crispy and mildly fiery hot wings, but the complimentary basket of chips comes with some of my favorite salsa in the city (ate 3 baskets to myself last time in). Best times to go are all night Monday and Tuesday (when they offer their special of two entrees and a bottle of wine/ pitcher of margaritas/ pitcher of beer for $35.00) or, for the bar area, any day of the week while the great happy hour special is on (5-7). Good food at a good price that's perfect for an intimate one-on-one or a rowdy 15 person jammer.
A+. 

Nothing but good things to say about this place. Hit it up on Monday or Tuesday for Fiesta night. 30 bones gets you 2 entrees and bottle of wine or pitcher of beer. 

Plenty of vegetarian options and even some vegan options.  I dug into the seitan fajitas and they were the bees knees. My better half chowed down on some veggies enchiladas and they were tops. Staff is super friendly too.

Without a doubt, check this place out. Not very fancy inside... i.e. plywood booths.. but all that adds to the charm.
Adobe is a hidden jewel in the city of Philadelphia.  Located in the hills of Roxborough it offers the best Mexican cuisine I have ever had at a restaurant.    It is perfect for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike.  In fact, most of the time I  order the seitan Wings, the seitan tacos, or the seitan tips- and I am not a vegetarian.  The meat dishes are also extremely well made-  I recommend the fajitas, chimmichangas, or any of the burritos.  Seafood is also featured on the  menu in a variety of different dishes.  

Flavored margaritas and sangria(red or white) come in pint glasses, half pitchers, or whole pitchers.  The beer and wine list is extensive and they also have their own curious concoctions on the drink menu.  Stoli Punch is quite the interesting (but tasty) beverage!

Some other perks: FREE parking (wahoo), outdoor dining on a cute patio (not on the sidewalk), servers are always friendly and efficient, party room available, the place is so big and has so many tables that most of the time there is no wait!

Mondays and Tuesday Dinner Special:  Two entrees and either a bottle of win or a pitcher of beer for $30.00

A great place to have a party (in the party room), food for groups, kids, or just to hang out at the bar!
Oh my...where to begin.  I had a horrible experience here, and it took me over half an hour to get to this place.  I was really serious about getting some good Mexican food after reading many glowing reviews on here.  i should have paid more attention to the negative ones, as this was a great disappointment and a waste of money.

      The hostess was friendly and asked us where we preferred to sit.  We opted to sit outside because it was a nice night.  The patio was cute and the place was pretty crowded.  The only bad thing about sitting out there was the fountain was having some kind of problem with a hose and kept making a farting like noise while we were sitting there.  I know it's just water, but it was loud and that was a little less than appetizing.  Okay, that's not the bad part though.  If the food had been good, I wouldn't have even brought that up.  Back to the meal...

     The waiter gives us a food menu.  I was impressed with the array of choices.  I was being kind of indecisive.  I decided to go with the green chile roasted chicken enchiladas because that just sounded awesome and I'd seen it on one of the positive reviews on here.  I thoroughly read the description off the dish, as I always do, and saw there was no sour cream.  Sour cream was described in some other dishes.  I ate everything that was describe on there, so I ordered it as is.  

The waiter came back to take our drink order and we asked him if we could have a drink menu. He went ahead and took our food order and  brought us a drink menu after five minutes and walked away.  We opened it and saw it was a lunch menu, and not a drink menu.  Finally after ten minutes he came back and asked if he could take our drink orders again, and we told him it was a lunch menu.  He then five minutes later finally brought the drink menu.  Meanwhile, we ate all the chips, and I'm looking around and see everyone is getting chip refills except for us.  That was kinda lame, especially considering the small screw-up.  Anyhow....

        Our food finally came, and mine is practically taking a bath in sour cream which I despise and was not listed in the description on the menu.  My boyfriend's food listed sour cream (he likes it), and it came with a small drizzle of sour cream.  What the heck?  I asked my boyfriend if I was crazy, and had mis-read the menu.  He said, "No" and wondered how his that was supposed to come with sour cream came with a drop and mine that wasn't supposed to was smothered in it.  

   I hate to be a pain and send things back, but it wasn't a little bit and I couldn't just push it off and it wasn't that cheap, so I finally got a random servers attention since ours was no where to be found and sent it back.  It came back out in about ten minutes and I was happy to finally have food.  Then came more disappointment.  Those enchiladas were disgustingly dry.  The chicken was dry, and what little sauce was there was crusted onto it.  It tasted like it had been made days ago and then reheated in the microwave.  Are you kidding me?   $13 for that?  The rice was practically inedible.  It was super dry and the veggies in it were all shriveled up.  I don't even wanna know how old it was, how long it had been sitting there, and how many times it had been microwaved.  The only edible thing on the plate was a thing of veggies.  Thank goodness it was late and I was starving and hadn't eaten since 12 PM or I just would have stared at my plate.  I have had better "Mexican food"  (if you want to even call it that) from out of the freeze, and that's really not saying much.  My boyfriend's meal was no better.  He was also disgusted by the rice, and he said everything was bland and tasted reheated. Oh and the sangria....Adding some mixers and a couple slices of lemon or grapefruit does NOT equal sangria.  What the heck?  It was cheap, but after I tasted it, I knew why.  

     It's a shame, because their menu seemed really interesting and the patio is cute.  Needless to say, we will not be back in this lifetime.
Debbie Downer # 2 here-
I am not crazy about this place. I really didn't think the food was all that great for the price. The margaritas are weak but the price for a pitcher is fair. 
I ordered the chimichanga once but without chicken and they couldn't honor my request because they were premade and heated to serve. I really wouldn't expect that from a place like this. I will say that the assorted mushroom quesadilla is pretty great, but everything else I've had there is pretty unimpressive & flavorless. I would not call this authentic Mexican food whatsoever.

Free parking is a plus.
The decor is obnoxiously bad however I find they layout of the restaurant to be cool with its several rooms and outdoor seating. 

I would probably go back if I was desperate for Mexican and didn't feel like driving out to Chipotle in Bala Cynwyd.
The Adobe makes what I'd call southwestern food since it is similar to what I cooked in other southwest places. While lots on the menu is good I'll just let you know my bests. Steak tips are the main attraction here for me and I suggest you try to get them medium since anything above that will come sans pink (though even well done they are still tender). I also love the corn soup, but I love that everywhere. Wings are pretty good here, especially during happy hour when the price drops, because they have the crispy skin and a nice sauce. Happy hour has a few other deals but margarita pitchers and cheap drafts are the way to go. Friends enjoy the sangria but all the enjoyment I get from it comes from proof not flavor. Quesadillas are good though I am a cheese lover. The decor is very random, but I'm there for the food anyway. Surprised to hear things are pre-made there; sounds suspect but what Mexican food place doesn't. Friendly place with fun atmosphere and reasonably priced good food and drink. Go looking for that and that's what you'll get.
My favorite restaurant in Roxborough - GREAT vegetarian options! I love Adobe Cafe because they really understand people who eat vegetarian (I am not a vegetarian, but don't eat meat outside the house). While most places give you a few random veg dishes, Adobe has a full menu of vegetarian fare that complements the regular menu - so when you see the "Texas Ranchero Wings" on the menu and think "mmm, that sounds good", you can check the vegetarian menu and order the "Seitan Texas Ranchero Wings" (BEST item on the menu, incidentally - spicy, melt-in-your-mouth good).

Other highlights: housemade salsa with chips as soon as you sit down, delicious roasted red pepper soup, big portions (even for appetizers) and cheap house wine ($4-5 a glass).

The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the entrees are overpriced - so I usually get the roasted red pepper soup and the seitan wings and that's plenty for dinner for me.
The heat didn't feel like it was on and I run hot. The chips are tri-colored and not even cooked onsite. I recognize they are complimentary but would've preferred to have paid for warm and fresh ones.

The menu has no descriptions... eg what's on the nachos...what do the fajitas come with. Had to ask. Didn't ask about the chorizo corn chowder but do have to state why would you purée it all including the meat. That's not a chowder and I wouldn't have ordered if I had known. It tasted only of celery and made my date taste because the texture looked sketchy. Still paid for it despite not eating and sending back. At first didn't think I got the right soup. His lobster bisque had no lobster and I'm raised in Maine...that's wrong but guess you get what you pay for.

Grilled calamari appetizer was cold when served. Dinner was pretty unappetizing. He had the Mexican special which consisted of enchilada, quesadilla, baby chimi, and tamale. I watched him taste and just move food on the plate, not in his mouth after he tasted each item.

I got flank steak and chorizo fajitas-not worth the price. Tacqueria Felix flank steak fajitas were less and far better quality. The tortillas were weird too... almost as if they were over cooked in a microwave. My meal was luke warm at best. The amount of 'things they give' to build your fajita are enough for one tortilla. I paid ~$8 in sides which doesn't bother me but at $19 for fajitas at least include enough to match the 3 weird tortillas. 
Margaritas were meh so glad we didn't get a pitcher. Martinis a lot better but no price in the menu.

I can fairly say our server was nice but nothing driving me to go back and spend $120 thinking I need to hit chipotle on the way home.
The owner at this restaurant is very racist. I came in to be seated and he had an attitude from the beginning for some reason. Fast forward, I asked him what his deal was and he told me F you and told me to get out. Not exaggerating at all. Safe to say the owner was having a bad day but I kept my cool and just noted everything. I caught him giving me the finger in this photo. Sorry for the blurry image. In this day and age, this is unacceptable and I guess he could do that because he thought this wouldn't get out to the public. Be careful giving your money to an owner like this. I promise to pass this information on to every platform. This is a bad mistake to make during a time when owning a restaurant is probably the hardest thing to do currently.
Love this place!  The food has always been delicious and ample.  They also have plenty of vegetarian options to choose from.  My favorite has to be the BBQ duck burrito, which is so delicious and so big, that I usually can't finish it.  
I used to live in Roxborough and I have truly missed this place since I moved to South Philly, but recently while I was walking my dog, I came across a sign on a vacant storefront on Passyunk stating that an Adobe Cafe will be opening up soon!  I can't tell you how excited I was, since this is just a couple blocks away from my home!
My wife and I visit Adobe fairly frequently and we always enjoy it. It's located on a side street that runs parallel to Ridge in Roxborough and there is a municipal (read: free) parking lot right across the street, which makes visiting very convenient. 

The restaurant is located in a large, meandering structure - it feels like an amalgamation of previously independent row houses - but it has a cozy sort of feel. We are always seated promptly and brought homemade chips and salsa immediately. 

Even though we are not vegetarian, we always get the "beef" seitan tips as an appetizer. I highly recommend them. I usually get the fajitas and find them to be pretty good. Tonight, I requested the "meat" from the seitan tips in my fajitas (even though this is not on the menu) and they were nice enough to oblige. It was really good.

Overall, this is a nice, casual place to catch up for a low-key dinner.

Likes: parking, food, Fiesta Night (Monday &amp; Tuesday - 2 entrees and a pitcher of beer/bottle of wine for $30)

Dislikes: House Margarita (that I think is on tap [?])
I really wanted to love it here .... But it was not impressive at all ! I remember coming here while visiting family probably about 15 years ago and it being awesome ! I just moved into this area myself and was excited to try it out again. Even better, I wound up getting a Groupon. I went a few weeks ago for dinner and it was dead in there. Chips and salsa were fine. Beef empanadas for an appetizer were good. Entrees .... Yuck ! My boyfriend had a chicken burrito and it was horrible. It was literally like chicken stew in gravy in a burrito. There was nothing Mexican about it at all. It was sloppy and tasteless. The rice had carrots and peas in it .. Ew .. And again not Mexican at all? 

I branched out and got the crab cake entree ... It looked and tasted just "ok". Working in the restaurant business, I can recognize what's good or not. Maybe they tried a little more on this dish, but the quality was still lacking. Best thing on my plate were the mashed potatoes. 

I would give less stars but the service was really fantastic. I believe our servers name was Monica. She was extremely sweet and attentive. 

We took dessert to go - whatever chocolate peanut butter option was on the menu and enjoyed it thoroughly ! 

I wish they would give this place an overhaul and get it back where it used to be ! It has a lot of potential
Be forewarned! If you've purchased a Groupon or Groupon-type offer online, apparently you cannot use it if you eat here during their happy hour because that counts as an "other offer", which cannot be combined with your Groupon. 

While I would love to have returned for dinner on another occasion, the fact that the waiter was completely reluctant to take my Groupon (told me to take it up with the company who issued it) or get a Manager's assistance was a total turn-off. He also refused to adjust our check as there were $2 domestic bottle specials during Happy Hour and a member of my party ordered Victory beer, which is clearly a PA brewer and domestic, and he was charged $4 a bottle - claiming that that's just how the button is on the register and he can't possibly do anything to change it. 

How unfortunate that the whole point of these Groupon deals is to bring in new customers, only to have them told they can't use said deal, completely discouraging them. I hope they know they lost someone who would have been a welcome repeat customer.
I'm giving the Adobe Cafe three stars...two stars for our sit-down visit, and four stars for our take-out experience.

The first time I ever went to this restaurant was with a few family members. I got the Adobe Mexican Combo and liked some things but not others. I absolutely hated the tamale, it was disgusting. However, the tacos and rice were good, and the enchilada wasn't bad. The margarita I had was just a bit too salty for my taste. Overall my first experience was just barely "OK."

The second time we got food it was take out. I got tacos and my husband got a burrito. Each of our meals came in a giant tin container with a lid - the type of containers you'd make a lasagna in for a large group of people. It was a ridiculous amount of food! We also got a side order of chips with queso, and they gave us a gallon ziploc bag full of tortilla chips with a side of cheese. There were so many chips we bought extra salsa when we went to the grocery store the day after.

Obviously my take-out experience won me over. Lots of bang for your buck!
As far as Mexican food goes I was not impressed at all. Not sure if this is fair or not but I normally judge a Mexican restaurant on their fajitas and I have gotten them twice here and both times the meat was room temperature and didn't have a lot of flavor. The service was ok nothing special that made me feel comfortable to want to come back. I tried it twice wasn't a fan. Test it out to see if you like it but Mexican food wise I wish there was something else around
My first introduction to this Mexican restaurant was of a waiter serving hamburgers and  french fries to the next table over. That set the tone for the rest of the night because fresh Mexican food was a questionable title for what was served. The waiters were nice but brought out what tasted like canned refried beans and cheap boxed Spanish rice. At the average $16 price point I would expect more. I should have learned from the next table over and stuck with the hamburgers.
I have no idea how this place stays in business.  The only thing more appalling than their prices is the slop they bring out to your table.  Everything costs about 3 times more than you would expect or could imagine.  Most of the entrees are in the high teens.  Bare in mind this place is a sh*t hole that smells like someone's basement.

The wife wanted to do something Mexican-y for Cinco De Mayo and, because of time constraints, we begrudgingly wound up here.  I got the pulled pork "burrito".  It was more like a soup wrapped in a stale tortilla surrounded with rice and a mix of disgusting old vegetables.  I have no idea what kind of cook could have decided the consistency of what was in my tortilla was acceptable to serve to a customer let alone classified it as a burrito.  I paid $14 for this or rather as much of it as I dared choke down.  The contents of my wife's tacos were of a similar consistency and unpleasantness.

I hope to never even drive by this place again lest I have flashbacks of what I consumed today.

Bleck.
Adobe is one of those jewels of a restaurant that is perfect for vegetarians making plans with non-vegetarians.  Awesome food, a vegetarian menu as extensive as the non-veg, and space for as many people as you can possibly know.

We go regularly for the seitan steak tip appetizer and seitan fajitas.  The chips and salsa are dangerously good, and the tofu salad is nice for an occasional switch-up.

The seitan "wings" are good if you can eat super-spicy food.

We're regulars for dinner and had a great time having a party at Adobe this past fall.  They have private rooms for parties from 35 - gigantic.

Service is always excellent and it takes like 2 visits before everyone remembers you, your favorite dishes, and greets you like you're Norm.
Tried to go here one night, a while back. Sat for 30 minutes and no one came to take my friend and I order. The place wasn't crowded or busy. We just got up at left. Won't be back. Unfortunate because it's so cute.
Ive been coming to this restaurant for close to 10 years. Several of my peers came out tonite to enjoy happy hour. Never in the 10 years have any of us complained about drinks, food or service, tonite was a first!! After we complained about the experience...the manager said to my group "Get the fuck out and never come back!"I was appalled that any customer based business would speak to us in that manner. His outward tone led me to believe that there were some racial undertones to it! I'm still trying to process this!! Ten years We've been going to Adobe and after this never again!! 
Add note no longer wings for Happy Hour the price went from $4 for 10 wing dings to $10 for 10 wing dings!!!
I'm so done!!!!!!!!!!
This is the place to come when you think "I'm hungry and I could go for Mexican".  Service is good, interior decoration is hysterical, food is generally great.  In the summer their patios are a great place to eat outdoors.  My husband is obsessed with their salsa.  Their fajitas are good, as are the BBQ duck burritos (once it was too BBQ but I think that was just an anomaly), and the shrimp taquitos are magical.  Big portions = dinner tomorrow for decent prices.  This place is a perfect gem that we would eat at all the time if we lived in the area...inventing reasons to be in Roxborough at dinnertime can be challenging.
Ok so I ordered delivery from here tonight.. based on the negative reviews I was hesitant but I think the menu sounded amazing. I ordered the seitan quesadilla, wings and ground beef tacos to share. Everything was absolutely amazing and gracious portions and each dish came with guacamole and rice and beans with the tacos. The only thing that could use some improvement is the chips as I have seen others mentioned.. when you order from a restaurant you don't want things you could just get from the grocery. You want homemade and unique. Looking forward to coming in to actually dine in the restaurant
I think this place suffers from an identity crisis. I am going to keep this short and too the point. Adobe doesn't know if its a TEX MEX place or a MEXITALIAN place. This is not mexican food. My girlfriend ordered what she thought would be a mexican taco dish but what came out was covered in Parmesan cheese. Note to everyone reading this. There is no parmesan in Mexican or Tex Mex food. I could understand if it was cotija but this was actual parmesan. not good. 

Also, margaritas in wine glasses are laughable. Give us some real glasses. I felt like I was sneaking watered down margaritas at 17 again.

I was really looking forward to going here, but wanted to cry after I saw the menu. It may be other peoples cup of tea but I just moved here from Denver and I know what real Tex Mex is supposed to be like. 

If you like "MEXITALIAN", you'll like this place. Otherwise steer clear.
I give an A for effort. The vegetarian/vegan menu is extensive and creative-sounding. I was very excited to try this place for quite some time but the execution was totally off.

One, the entrance to the restaurant is unclear. There's a door to a private residence right in the middle of the building and it took me a while to realize you have to go through the side patio to enter. Very confusing.

Once we entered, we were greeted by that overwhelming dirty, wet rag smell that less than fastidiously clean restaurants have. Our menus reeked too. Not appetizing.

The free chips and salsa were tasty and the staff was accommodating of our baby with a high chair and plastic cup if water. 

My husband and I ordered seitan wings to share and the seitan kebabs and veggie combo as entrees. The wings were just warm seitan in sauce--not fried or crisp in any way like wings should be. This is not a vegan problem (I've had deliciously crisp vegan wings); this is a cooking one. The vegan ranch was inedible, completely foul. I actually gagged. 

The kebabs were nicely seared and seasoned but everything else ranged from flavorless to gross. The rice had canned veggies in it, the cheese in my enchilada wasn't melted, the potato flauta was burnt. The house margarita was disgustingly like cough syrup. 

All told, we spent $60 bucks on our meal plus tip and I felt like I've had more authentic and flavorful tex mex at chipotle or even Taco Bell. I was super hungry upon entering but basically ate chips and salsa because I found most of the food inedible. 

I truly appreciate so many veg offerings but the kitchen needs to learn how to cook and this place needs a deep clean. The kebabs were nice but for the price and nasty smell and icky interior (10 TVs playing infomercials!), I just can't recommend this place. Very disappointing.
I've been going to adobe for 20 years when Sue
And her husband were owners. Always great until
Recently, numerous complaints: fruit flys, cleanliness 
Wing special attracted dirty people that were able
To sit at bar, order water and gorge theirselves with
Wings. Then had to hear arguments over a $10 bill 
And poor servers not being tipped. Also can smell
Piss from bathrooms, food is lacking, and Saturday 
Night karaoke brought in some real weirdos 
I'm confused is this a Restaurant or bad comedy
Club?  It's hit or miss anymore, I'm done. It's a
Shame some good people working there. Owner 
Needs to realize its time to do a little remodel & 
Major cleaning. Bar rescue time!   Remodel, clean,
Get back to good food and drink, and raise your prices
To keep out the people that are ruining your business.
Sorry, I was a once & sometimes 2x a week 
Customer.
Possibly the most genuinely nice and polite staff in Philadelphia!  The food is also quite good.  Definitely a step up from cheap Mexican... good full helpings, all entrees come with a tasty rice and beans, and they have a really nice assortment of maragaritas.  The free parking is also a really nice plus.  It's a little off the beaten path, but well worth a trip for a nice quiet meal, especially when the weather is nice as they have a nice outdoor patio.  Try the chorizo tacos... they're great!
Adobe Cafe is definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants that I've tried in the area.  Some of the items are average, some are outstanding, and few (if any) are sub-standard.  Average items include normal Mexican like steak/chicken/veggie burritos/tacos/enchiladas.  They're not bad but they are nothing special.  Where Adobe Cafe really shines is in their slightly more unusual fare - stuff like duck burritos, duck tacos, and my favorite - the crab enchiladas.  Other great menu items include their wings and their outstanding chips & salsa.

The service at Adobe Cafe is average, as is the decor and prices.  One nice thing is that it is rarely difficult to get a table, even on a weekend night.  There's a parking lot across the street so you don't have to deal with the usual Manayunk parking nightmare.
Wow, this place has gone downhill. I went here years ago and had margaritas and the steak tip appetizer and both were delicious. We went for dinner on Wednesday thinking it would be a good weekday dinner haunt. Nope. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the smell. It smelled like someone had washed the whole place down with dirty water and an even dirtier, mildew-y sponge. Not appetizing. When I walk into a restaurant, I want to smell delicious food. Not dirty smells. Now, I read on other Yelp reviews that they had a fire and I'm sympathetic but get it professional cleaned and air it out! I thought about faking a stomach cramp to get out of eating here but T said we should give it a chance so we persevered.

We had their free chips and salsa to start off with and they were actually quite tasty. That accounts for one of the stars above. The salsa tasted house made and had a good kick. T ordered the fajitas. The steak was way overcooked and oddly, came with cheddar cheese hardened to the top of the strips. Veggies were fresh but were served on the smallest plate possible which means everything pretty much got pushed off the plate onto the table since you usually handle the toppings one-handed. The tortillas were served in a napkin instead of one of those warmers so they cooled down quickly. The only one that was warm was the first one. I ordered the chimichanga. It actually wasn't too bad (which accounts for the other star above). The chicken was tasty but there wasn't much cheese. When I go for something Tex-Mex like a chimichanga, I want cheese! The black beans it came with had absolutely no flavor. They were clearly taken right from the can, blended to look refried, and then slapped onto the plate. The rice was okay. The guacamole was whipped, not chunky at all, and flavorless.

The worst part? This place is WAY too expensive for what it is. Dinner cost us $45. I would have rather gone to Qdoba for half the price. With Taqueria Feliz down the road, I don't know how this place will survive much longer. However, it was pretty crowded for a Wednesday so clearly others see something I don't.
i had an excellent dinner at the adobe cafe.  delicious warm chips and guac.  i had steak tacos which were very filling.  they came served with refried beans and rice.  my friend had a vegan burrito which was also tasty.  They have an extensive veggie / vegan friendly menu.

my only gripe about the place is i think it is a bit over priced.  for some reason i cannot justify spending more than $12 on a mexican dinner.  my 3 steak tacos cost $15.
Love the atmosphere and the food! Fajitas are fantastic! Yumm
Decent food - not impressed with the portobello fajitas at all. 

Horrible delivery service - Had to walk a block to meet the delivery man bc he refused to look for my house
I must say every time I have gone to the Adobe Cafe, I am always 100% satisfied -- and I have been to this place many times, sometimes more than once in one week. They are that good. I have gone on weeknights and weekends, day and evening. The service is always friendly and fast. The food is always absolutely delicious, fresh, and hot. I don't think I have ever had any issues. OH and their margaritas, are amazing! I get a pitcher to split between my boyfriend and I, and we are always satisfied with the one pitcher. 

Foods I recommend from the Adobe: chicken quesadillas [so good], lobster bisque [best i have had], chilli [best i have had - andi am not a huge fan of chilli], wings [absolutely delicious!!], steak with mixed veggies and mashed [the best meal I have eaten at the Adobe, and the portions are great for leftovers for later], and many others - but these are my favorites. 

The Adobe's prices are not super expensive but it is definitley not a cheap date. But for the quality of the food, the price is not bad. I just can not eat there everyday haha. 

definitely recommend this place to everyone! there are so many options - including a whole section on the menu for vegan/vergatarian friendly foods.
Adobe Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants around, not for their mexican food, but for two things. The complimentary chips and salsa; and most importantly the Wings. The wings are called texas ranchero, meaning they are spicy but also sweet. They have great texture, and a pretty fair price regular price.

For happy hour every night they have 30cent wings, and damn they still don't disappoint.

Love this place.
Vegetarians Rejoice, and try the seitan steak strips with a fantastic tangy sweet sauce, it is an appetizer - I hope they still have it has been a year or two since I've been there. Whether you miss meat or not they are to die for. (But not kill for, thankfully.) The place is bit dark and drafty but worth it.


4550 Mitchell St
Philadelphia, PA 19128
(215) 483-3947
Open Hours
M-W 4pm-10pm, Th 11:30am-10pm, F-Sa 11:30am-11pm, Su 11:30am-10pm
Place has gone dowwwnnnn hill.

$120 for two people and the food was lackluster.

Started with the grilled calamari appetizer at $12 - it was cold as ice and a chore to try and finish.

Fellow yelpers have wrote this is authentic Mexican howeverrr lets start with the bagged tri color chips that are manufactured and not homemade or authentic in the least. The salsa taste like 28 day old bologna!

The soup was unedible, I made the mistake of ordering the Lobster Bisque and there was no MEAT in it!! NONE! The Chorizo and Corn Chowder soup was pureed and the so called meat in it tasted like celery!! We sent back the celery soup marketed as Chowder Soup and they did not take it off the bill.

I ordered the $18 Mexican Sampler which had a little of everything in it. All items had NO taste!! The tamale which I was looking forward to had a small amount of crusted on sauce. The vegatarian enchilada I spit the item back out, what else was on this terrific plate....chicken quesadilla which of course was cold and hard to finish...the baby chimi was the best item on the plate yet I would not order this item again by a longshot.

Just go to Taco Bell and save yourself the trouble.
Good Mexican food, large portion sizes, and quick service! I would recommend going on Wednesday when they offer a special deal: one pitcher of margarita and two entrees for 35 dollars! The  portabella mushroom fajitas were good. Overall, a decent place for Mexican food but nothing too special!
I would kill for a place with great tamales in my neighborhood. This isn't it.

I want to love Adobe, and I have friends who do. I've just never had a positive experience here. They offer vegetarian and vegan options, but both times I've eaten here the waiters weren't aware of the difference between vegetarian/vegan and had a difficult time taking my order. My meals have arrived dry and flavorless. However, the food did come out somewhat quickly, and the portion sizes are generous - and regulars of this place tell me there are certain items they know to order that do come out well.

I have come for drinks, which was fine. If you want cheap margaritas it's perfectly adequate. But if you love authentic Mexican food, this might not be the place for you.
After moving to the area, we quickly decided we needed to try this place. We walked by on several summer nights admiring the outdoor seating with the twinkly lights. We finally made it out one night and decided to sit outside. There wasn't much of a crowd for a Friday night. I ordered the enchiladas and peach margaritas. I mean, the margaritas were really just mediocre. From the appearance you think you're going to an authentic Mexican restaurant but it's really just your average, poorly done Tex-mex. It's a shame because it has a lot of potential! We would probably come again just for happy hour.
There are a few reasons I keep coming back - the salsa, the margaritas and the free parking! I live in the neighborhood and in the Manayunk/Roxborough area parking is usually hard to find but across the street from The Adobe Cafe is a public parking lot and it's free! How perfect. 

This week my boyfriend and I went out to dinner and we had another very delicious meal here.  I recommend the chicken burrito or the chicken fajitas. We both seem to order the same thing but I've also had their blackened salmon before and that was very tasty too!

It's a relaxed setting so no need to get dressed up for this place but def. bring your appetite because servings are pretty large.
My fiance and I come here for "date night" when we want to escape the hustle & bustle that is Center City on a weekend. It's a bit out of the way for us, but the food is always so good. Yes, I know they have a location in Passyunk, but the lack of parking and the crowds usually sends us to this location. They have a *HUGE* vegetarian menu and will make the dishes vegan upon request. I have enjoyed the seitan burrito and the seitan tacos, both were delicious. They start you off with complimentary chips and salsa, and the salsa is SO much better than most places I've been. We keep coming back because the food is consistently good as is the service. *BONUS* points for outdoor seating.
Adobe Cafe rocks! Not only is it within walking distace from my house (which is very handy after a pitcher of mango margaritas) but it also has great food to match! I've had a number of the entrees but the two that stand out in my head are the steak and shrimp fajitas (tasty seasoning on the meat) and the fish tacos. The best thing about the fish tacos is that the fish isn't fried. It's perfectly seasoned and delicious and even though I couldn't finish my last taco I made sure to eat the rest of the fish :) 

The banana ice cream dessert concoction was BANANAS!

One and only complaint - the waitstaff tends not to be the friendliest, but the food and drinks make up for that.
This place was good--both food and service. I had the same thing by accident both times we visited, and it was good both times.
Went for Sunday brunch/lunch. Service was fine. The place is dirty and the  food is appalling.   The only decent item they put on the table was the free salsa and chips. No exaggeration.
Boo! The prizes are crazy for what your NOT getting. Ordered a side salad wow what a joke. Love their Caesar Salad but come on now the to go container wasn't even a 1/3 full. Also what mexican restaurant doesn't make their own guac. Looked like jello. and on top of that paid $3.50 for a mini cup of it. You know the kind places would normally give u something for free in since it was so tiny. Over the years they raised the pricing while cutting the proportions and quality down! Been going there for years.. now I'm pretty dissapointed!
Holy mother of god. Go here. Amazing vegan and meateater options alike . 'nough said.
Redeemed a Groupon Voucher that included two appetizers, 4 entrees and 2 desserts. Street parking is terrible where you are lucky to find a spot. Although they do have complimentary parking across from them, the parking spots are not that many. There was a sign on the door that said handicap accessible. You need to take the steps to get to the main door, so I was wondering where a wheelchair bound person enter? Maybe through the patio? But then the spacing of tables inside are not wheelchair friendly. When you enter the establishment, there is the funky, somewhat urine smell when you walk through the restaurant. The table where we sat feels sticky and had an odor that smelled of a dirty rag. Lighting inside was very dim. I normally finish my plate, but this time I only ate a quarter of it. I had the Adobe Mexican Combo. It was so-so. My mom had the Shrimp Fajitas where the shrimp was tough like it was either overcooked or were leftovers from another day. My daughter only ate the fish  on her plate and didn't touch the rest. I have yet to taste the Mexican Chorizo Sausage Burrito because we took this to go. The bathrooms were small and will not comfortably fit a wheelchair. The only great outcome to all this was that our server was the best. She was very professional, friendly and checked back on our table from time to time. Sorry, but I will never, ever return back to this place.
Went here last night for dinner. Place was busy, but not overly crowded. Food and service were terrible!!! We received our drinks and chips right away but it took forever to order. Margarita wasn't that great...super super sweet for my liking. My friend and I both ordered the enchiladas mole. It was awful. It had zero flavor and tasted like cardboard. The shredded chicken inside the enchiladas was gross too, and somewhat watery. Neither of us could finish even one enchilada. Super expensive for such a low quality meal. Won't be going back to Adobe anytime soon.
I went with a small group to the Adobe this past Wednesday night. My bff and I had gone in on a groupon deal. Dinner for 4 included 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, 2 desserts all for only $55. It was such a good deal that I didn't even really look at any reviews before purchasing and heading to the restaurant. 

The restaurant itself doesn't have, in my opinion, the best decor or layout. We walked into what seemed to be an empty restaurant, before the hostess walked us through several rooms to get to the few they were seating in the back. I thought it was interesting that there were multiple seating areas. I didn't really get a good look at the bar area, unfortunately. The restaurant could really benefit from some brightly colored decor because it seems to be a pretty fun and relaxing hangout. But you don't really get that feeling when you're first looking at it.

I thought our food was good though. Our mussels had nice flavor, and great texture. I did not enjoy the tortillas sitting in the broth though; super messy to eat with a crowd, and very soggy. Our nachos were good, but I've definitely had better. I did love my entree of duck tacos. My bff claims this is probably because I had had several drinks by this time. Three tacos came with an order, and each had a very generous portion of really moist shredded duck. My only wish is that the duck had been seasoned to give it more of a mexican flavor. Tacos are supposed to be served with rice and beans, but somehow my plate had two sides of rice. Score! I love when the chefs know that I like more carbs with my carbs! 

I also highly recommend the margaritas, based off of the "Perfect" margarita pitcher we ordered. Perfect is the name, but I would also describe them as perfect. The taste was very good, especially considering it was around $25 for a large pitcher. 

Lastly, our server was very nice. She was on top of everything, not that we needed much. I would definitely go back to Adobe, but probably not without a Groupon based off the slightly too high prices for the type of restaurant it is.
I would rather eat at adobe than any fancy restaurant on Main St, or anywhere else!  They have the best salsa, the best chicken chorizo, and the best coconut shrimp of anywhere (I have a though time getting past the appetizer course)  The atmosphere is homey, laid-back, and casual.  The drinks are good, too!
Excellent value for very good mexican-(like) food. It's not the most authentic Mexican food I've ever eaten, but that's what makes it interesting. Great "homemade" salsa & chips, excellent guacamole. 

I used to live walking distance from this restaurant (can be VERY convenient when having multiple margaritas) and ate there quite often. After my divorce my daughter & I would eat there about 1X per month. Later, I took my future wife there and she was skeptical of the orange stucco exterior of the restaurant and of the "side street" neighborhood location. But after trying the fajitas, she was asking to go back! We would always try to make the Monday & Tuesday night $30 special for 2.  Includes a pitcher of house margarita. 

We eventually got married, moved to a larger house in the suburbs and tried a number of other Mexican-(like) restaurants - and just recently went back to Adobe again for the first time in 2 years - and you know what? It's just as good as we remembered and we have scratched Coyote Crossing & Tequila Joe's off of our Mexican restaurant list. 

On busy Friday & Saturday nights, they may sit you in the back room(s) and it can be quite noisy at Adobe. In the summer & fall, try to get to the outside patio. Wait staff has been quite good every time we go... but I'm not looking for 5-star service at a moderately priced restaurant either. 

Always try the specials. I had a talapia dish, steamed in foil with peppers, onions and fresh Mexican spices and it was truly remarkable!
Ample parking, great atmosphere, decent food. The only negative I have is that their drinks are very, very weak. If I'm going to buy an overpriced cocktail, I better taste the vodka. Every server I've had has been very friendly, too.
nice enough atmosphere however i was told by waitstaff that they could not accommodate my request for no cheese on my dish because the menu is pre-made frozen food?!?
This was by far one of worst meal I've had in a while.  My seitan tamales were completely tasteless and the mole on my boyfriend's enchiladas tasted like it came out of a can.  There was very minimal flavor in EVERYTHING.  The food is completely over priced for the quality. We ended up spending $60 for a meal I wish never happened.  If you want really great Mexican food you should go to Mi Puebla in Mt Airy.  That is true Mexican.
I was totally in love with this place when I lived in Roxborough 8 years ago.  I was obsessed with the seitan and the flourless chocolate cake.  I read Yelp reviews that things have gone downhill but hey, I thought, the decor was never really that exciting and the service wasn't 5 star but I didn't realize expect it to be for the type of spot it was. 

So I'm highly disappointed with what it's become.  The decor that was tacky and cheap before hasn't been redone...and is in a bad state of disrepair.  The carpet seams are coming up...the wood is worn...the place smells like a cheap, bleachy cleaner.  

I sat at the bar...the bartender was a fine server but was blasting game shows on the TV and just seemed a little inexperienced.  

I ordered the seitan kebabs.  I ordered a soda...and was informed that their soda is a lower brand than RC.  What would that even BE?!  

The chips were kind of gross...the salsa didn't taste quite right.  

The seitan was just boring.  It didn't taste that different out of the container, honestly.  The veggies weren't seasoned.  The rice was bland.  The "vegetables of the day" had nothing and were just steamed.  

And that terrible smell emanating from the place...ugh!  Seriously, this needs to be shut down, remodeled and something decent put in this spot.
I've been to Adobe several times...great margaritas, however the service and food have gone downhill recently.  I was unable to use an eversave deal on two seperate occassions (one was during the fajita night special and one I only had the voucher number).  Last night my boyfriend ordered enchiladas and they contained no enchilada sauce (???).  A few weeks ago we were dining there around 2pm on a Saturday.  Since it wasn't during prime lunch time, there were only a handful of other patrons in the restaurant and the service was SO SLOW.  We were there for almost two hours.
Love chicken tacos here! Even better is getting them on Monday or Tuesday when they're running their special, 2 meals and a pitcher for $35. Can't beat that! Nice little patio for outdoor seating in the summer. Oh, and they offer the city wide!
In short, this is a local, independent, non-pretentious neighborhood restaurant!  You will get really delicious food and friendly service in an older building.  While some staff are seasoned and knowledgeable, you'll find newer staff, while pleasant, are definitely green in their skill set. If the place is packed, service may be slow.  Unlike a huge chain, they don't have a pile of greeters and wait staff just standing around.  Also unlike a huge chain, no one will recite from memory the required "up-sell sales pitch".  Be thankful for independent business, support the good ones so they survive, and have a little patience when things get hectic.

For the detailed review, feel free to keep reading...

Now residing in the Roxborough / Manayunk neighborhood of Philadelphia since early 2015, I am fortunate to have many local, small and independent restaurants and bars from which to choose.  One of my newest favorites is the Adobe Cafe (I have been here at least 8 or 9 times in the course of 5 to 6 months).  The restaurant with bar is in a nondescript location right a midst the neighborhood residents. It's a casual and comfortable spot where it appears many folks are long-time regulars.  I have yet to actually dine in the dining room, instead choosing the bar area (same menu).  I am guessing they have been operating for 20+ years and the owners have 1 other location in South Philadelphia.  

They are self-described as South Western Cuisine, but many would also consider it Mexican.  The extensive menu features many options of Quesadillas, Enchiladas, Burritos, full entrees and lots of appetizers.  They also feature an entire page of Vegetarian choices.  Some of my favorites (I'm still discovering new favorites) include the Vegetarian Quesadilla, the Steak Tips, Fish Tacos and Chicken Burrito (it's huge).  I keep promising myself I will soon try the Peanut Butter Pie for dessert.

The Adobe Café features 2 main dining areas, the bar with lots of tables for seating (plus about 8 at the bar), and an outdoor dining area.  The full bar service of course features plenty of Margaritas and Daiquiris, as well as a large selection of Frozen Drink specialties.  Plenty of beer choices, but a limited selection of wines (but very reasonably priced).  As I add other reviews of my neighborhood spots, you'll find most offer a very basic selection of wine.

Thinking this mostly served neighborhood residents, after speaking with other patrons (a huge benefit of sitting at the bar in any restaurant) is many come from other parts of the city to dine here, which speaks volumes for the quality.  The staff appears consistent, and they are all friendly and welcoming (though some are very "green" at their skills).  If you try the Adobe Café (or any local neighborhood restaurant), keep in mind they are imperfect which in parts makes them unique.  Every month, on the 4th Thursday the Adobe Café does a benefit night with a significant portion of the proceeds going to the charity of the month.  It will likely be extremely busy, so if it's your first visit, don't go on charity night as they almost always have an amazing turnout (as they do for other community events).  Independent restaurants are the opposite of most chains - which is why I love them. As soon as you are seated, free chips and homemade salsa are served (and you don't need a rewards membership to get them).  Prices range from around $8 to $16 for most appetizers and entrees.

They feature Karaoke on Saturday nights in the bar area, though I have yet to attend.  Otherwise, there is a jukebox in the bar (I really am not a fan of these unless a staff member can manipulate them), or often one of the TV's is on with sound.  There is actually free municipal parking in the lot across the street or just find a spot on the street (it's still a bit easier to do up the hill in Roxborough than in Manayunk).  If this was a chain with the same review, they would get 4 stars, but small business cannot compete with big corporate chains, so 3 cheers for the bonus star!
Ugh.  I gave this place a few chances, but I will not be coming back.  First of all - the place itself, tucked in the neighborhood, within walking distance, not on Main St, so much going for it.  But when you walk in - what the heck? The "lobby" is weird, dark and cluttered.  There are wires or extension cords running along the ceiling and I swear a washer/dryer set with a laundry basket of dirty linens on top.  Obviously a converted house, but this is ridiculous.  

Everyone goes here for the endless margaritas and the outside patio but the margaritas are a watery mix and served in wine glasses(?). There are no margarita glasses to be found at this place.  I don't even think they came with a fresh lime.  The outside patio is a plus but with food and drink this bad, I'm disappointed to say I won't be using it.

I ordered enchiladas and they were awful.  There was something dusted on the top and I asked the server what it was and he looked at me with a straight face and said, "parmesan cheese."  

That about sums it up.
If you want good (not great) Mexican food at reasonable prices Adobe is fine. Been going here on and off for close to 20 yrs. The best deal here is the Monday and Tuesday night Fiesta Dinner special. It's includes unlimited chips and salsa, 2 nice size entrees w/ a plate full of salad, rice and beans and a pitcher of Margaritas - all for $35.00! It's a great deal. The service has always been pleasant and accommodating. With tax and tip it comes out to $45.00. Not a bad deal for decent food and drinks for 2 people.
The outside dining area make for a relaxed ambience.   You sit outside in a garden like area.  There is a wall with running water.  The menu offers many choices. IT has standeard Mexican fare but has original specials that are often worth trying. I have not eaten inside the restaurant.  I thought this was above average,  The staff was courteous and attentive, but not intrusive. If you want a quiet and solid Mexican dining experience in the Roxborough area then I would consider it worthwhile.
Let me start by saying the wings at Adobe are great! They are fried nice and crispy, like a wing should be, and drenched in a spicy chipotle flavored sauce. Very good.

Unfortunately it stops there.

The service is slowwww! Like peddling a bike through molasses! It took 15 minutes to  get our drinks. My margarita tasted like Gatorade. (And not in a good way)!
The food is always good here, but the restaurant is so gosh darn cold! I went for dinner on Wednesday night. Outside, the weather was about 50 degrees. It felt colder inside the restaurant. I sat and had dinner with my coat on the entire time. I went to use the restroom, and it was actually warm in there! I hate to say it - I love the food here, but the fact that the thermostat is set so low is a deterrent for me to not come back any time soon.
It's a decently priced restaurant for the area. It has good food, nice variety, and I highly recommend the margaritas. The chips and salsa are pretty great, and it has out side seating and lunch hours. I recommend it if you're in the area, but I don't think I would go out of my way for it.
The handful of times i've gone to this place, i always walk out and wounded why i went. Ive have much better Mexican in the center city and south Philly, and Manayunk.  The food is bland, so-so, and a little over priced for Mexican.  For the price of a Margarita I've had it made with fresh squeezed juice, not a mix. Staff is pleasant enough, service is good. I guess people go to this place, because it's local, and not had amazing Mexican food.
Dos Equis amber lager & chicken fajitas are a great combo meal.  The environment is perfect...authentic seating & wall items.  Service is great and it's a cool place to visit.
Must drink the homemade RED sangria.  Guaranteed everything else will fall into place after sipping on a few of these special cocktails!
Hidden Gem of Manayunk/ Roxborough!!! If you're looking for a laid back spot with delicious Mexican food, this is it. Adobe has become our favorite local restaurant and is better than any Mexican spot on Main Street. Complimentary chips and salsa to start! I always order the beef tacos on soft corn, YUM! We also tried the mushroom quesadilla tonight for our appetizer and it was so good! Service is always great too -- we had Tiffany as our waitress tonight and she was very nice and attentive. Highly recommend this cute and delicious restaurant and we will definitely be back!
Been going to this place since way back...good food, close by to our neighborhood.. great friendly service and it's kid friendly. Spent many a birthday parties there. Great for low key food and Margaritas.
delicious seitan wings + great vegan options (soy cheese!) but i do agree with rebecca h. about the ambiance, and the service isn't always great. i once waited 20 minutes for them to open for brunch...a half hour after the posted opening time.
I've been here about 3 times now and it has been decent every time. The food is not bad but its not great either. The salsa that they serve with chips at the beginning of the meal is very good. I love this type of salsa and I wish I could make it like that.

I've tried a few different things on the menu including the ground beef enchilidas (pretty solid, but I have had better), the carne asada (not what I expected from carne asada, but the meat was well cooked and the flavor was good) and last the Adobe Mexican Combo with a bunch of Mexican stuff thrown on a plate. 

The Mexican food here is ok. The wings here are incredible. They are some of best wings I have ever eaten. Its probably not a great thing when your Mexican restuarant's best dish is chicken wings. But...the only reason I gave a fourth star is simply because of the wings. They are that good! Come see for yourself (Ranchero wings are $0.45/wing during Happy Hour from 4:30-6:30 Mon-Fri)
First I must say something about the website (http://www.adobecafephilly.com/) - for the love of God, PLEASE turn off or at least turn down that horrendous music!  I have no desire to hear a Mexican carousel coming at me when looking for a menu.

Now that that is out of the way, the experience...

I was craving Mexican and since there's nothing besides Chipotle in the area surrounding Narberth, we went to Roxborough.  The day was too chilly to sit out on their patio though I imagine it would have been lovely on a nicer day.

Inside was quite dark and there were several tables filled.  It looked like there was only one server/bartender and one busser and still the service was prompt.

So many items on the menu looked appetizing but I went for the vegetarian burrito but made sure to ask for real cheddar cheese.  He got the steak fajitas.  I had to talk him down from the nachos appetizer once I realized we got tortilla chips.  Yeah, we were hungry.

He had a beer and informed me that the glass was smaller than standard pint size.  Just a fyi.

His fajitas came out all sizzling.  He apparently liked them because he kept eating after he was full.

My burrito was good as well and came with some very tasty rice and vegetables on the side.

All in all a good experience.  I'd like to go back for their Monday/Tuesday special of 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for $30.  As it was we spent about that on our two entrees and the glass of beer.
5 stars purely for the food. Vegans NEED to try their seitan tip options!! Delicious. I'm not much of a stickler for customer service but Adobe Cafe is really lacking. I recommend ordering out on GrubHub - I had to call and it took me 8 minutes to order a sandwich and french fried yams. Had to repeat my order 4 times to two different people. :(

As I said, I ordered the seitan tip sandwich and french fried yams. Upon opening my order I saw the fries were covered in cheese which was upsetting. Lo and behold, it was soy cheese!! Amazing. Seitan tip sandwich is a must try. I'd compare it to a pulled pork.

Adobe, please work on your customer service! I want to continue enjoying your vegan options forever.
It makes me so happy to have this place in the neighborhood. The food is pretty good, the margaritas are decent, and the price isn't too bad (especially if you have the Groupon which is always available online).

The chicken chimichanga is one of the best I've had. I also really love the chicken caesar salad and the churros. 

Plus, unlike other Mexican places in Manayunk, they don't charge for chips and salsa.

If you are going to go, get the Groupon.
We live in Roxborough and have eaten here often. The food is good, we like the lobster bisque soup, chicken wings, stuffed peppers and so abundant that taking home leftovers is routine. My one peeve is that they add an 18% tip as an added menu item with no line separating it from the food or drinks so, unless you read the bill carefully you end up adding an extra tip when you pay which is very irritating to me, since, as others have remarked, the service is not outstanding. So, go but caveat emptor.

    Visited July 2015
This place came very highly recommended by a friend, but I was not impressed at all. We went during happy hour, which was supposed to have taco and drink specials, as was pointed out by our hostess and waiter/bartender and the inserts in the menus and chalkboards on every wall just in case you missed it. They had fish, chicken, and pork tacos in either hard or soft flour or corn shells. Between the two of us, we ordered 1 of each in soft flour and corn shells but you would hardly know. Our tacos all tasted the same, but maybe because they were all wet soggy messes or maybe because we were too busy picking bones fragments out of them. The food came out on dirty plates with dried crusty food stuck on them. The chairs, tables, and floors were also all sticky with food bits everywhere. Part of this might be explained by our waiter/bartender having overfilled our drinks to the point that they were sloshing out as he carried them to our table and eventually spilled on us. The cocktails, by the way, were pure syrup and liquor (i.e. strong and tooth-achingly sweet). They were so sweet, we could not finish them so we ordered a couple beers instead. When he brought the bottles out, he decided to pop the caps at our table instead of spilling half of it on the floor as he did with the cocktails. But for some unknown reason, someone had shaken the bottles(?) because as soon as he popped the cap, beer shot up like a geyser and rained down all over our hair to compliment our drink soaked clothes. By that time, we decided to call it quits. To add insult to injury, our waiter/bartender charged us full price for all the food and drinks. This was a very unhappy happy hour.

Oddly, the place did seem to have a very devout group of mostly middle-aged or older regulars. There was a couple next to us who were celebrating their wedding anniversary. There was another couple and a bachelorette party and another group of women. There was a family with adult kids and one with young kids. They all swore by the place and claimed they don't go anywhere else after they found this place. There were a few framed "best of" awards proudly displayed on the walls. Go figure.
Nice local place but a weird setup. If you want to sit outside you have to go iside thru a small maze to ask to sit outside. Yet the bar is right near the other door. Service is OK food is OK. Beer is cold so they have that going.
Usually this place is great but not today. First thing, happy hour ends at 630p, why so early? Especially on a Friday evening. While our waitress was very nice, the service sucked!!! We didn't get water or chips and salsa until after our dinner came  and complaining. The food was good and so were our drinks (the only thing that came out as expected) but the service is why I'm giving them 2 stars. I got the combo fajitas with carnitas and 5 shrimp, that was disappointing. The food is good but the fajitas were not worth the $18.50. I'll go back for drinks and appetizers but not for dinner.
I've never had a bad meal here. By far, my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Delicious margaritas! I usually get the pork burrito-it's to die for!
This place is unique...ill give it that.  I used a google offers coupon to give it a try.  The food was ok.  Nothing to go out of your way for.  Even with the coupon it was a bit over priced for my taste.  My advice is try it once to see for yourself, but dont expect much.
My girlfriend and I ordered delivery from here tonight and it absolutely blew me away! Fresh great tasting authentic food!
I grew up in Southern Cali & I feel like the northeast can't authenticate Mexican like they did back home -- I found it in Adobe. 

Not only is their guacamole 'legit', but the sauces & spices are delicious. Also, for the eclectic palette, they have duck tacos to die for.

Try those for a unique twist & go with the Steak Tips as an app. Steak marinated & cooked perfectly, but the spicy mayo sauce is the kicker. 

Great ambiance: go!!
I have been to the Adobe Cafe several times and I have to say the best part is the pitcher of margarita. On Monday and Tuesday the fiesta dinner is the best deal in town. Don't forget to get a pitcher of margarita.
The food here is just.... Bland! It taste like nothing and is just underwhelming. There is nothing more to say about this place. The pitcher of margarita is ok but really wish I spent my money on something else.
I ordered the tofu tacos for delivery. The packaging was excellent and the food was great
There is never a hostess at the hostess station when you walk in. Never.  I kind of wonder if the hostess doubles as the cook and only allowed to come out front every 13 minutes. They have a bar area, 2 dining areas, outdoor seating and a "smoking bar" that I think is a private room for large parties.  With ample seating like that, other than waiting for the hostess/line cook to seat you, it's easy to get a table. Monday and Tuesdays are the best nights to come. They have a "Fiesta Dinner" which includes chips/salsa, two entrees and a pitcher of margarita, sangria, or beer or a bottle of wine for $35. My usual is the carne asada (grilled thin steak served with refried beans, peppers/onions, guacamole, fresh lettuce and tomatoes. I always as for hot sauce and they bring out a basket with 4 or 5 different hot sauces. The service here is slow, but I think it's because they only have 2 waitresses no matter how busy they are. The Mexican food here definitely won't be the best you ever had but it's still quite tasty and satisfies gets your Mexican fix. I used Adobe to cater a party once and they were able to fulfill my order with only 48 hours notice. With the food came with plastic serving utensils, silverware and cloth napkins at no extra cost. I returned these items unwashed and they seemed ok with it.
I couldn't even consider giving TAC a 4.5. I haven't been here in just about 10 years. It held up to all my memories. Let me start with the filet migon steal tips, and mayo sauce are amazing.

Had the two big apps. The calamari was really awesome, lightly breaded, not chewy at all, and had good dipping sauce. The seasoned French fries were like crack. The side of nachos were also good. Probably would have been better. Had we not eaten the entire basket of chips and salsa they start you off with. The wings on the one sampler were a good sticky, slightly spicy wing but really good. 

The main meal my GF and I got fajitas her steak and me chicken. Both were really great and big portions. Oh, so for $35 for 2. Two entrees, and a pitcher of margaritas is like a steal. I will definitely be making the trek back there soon.
Their margaritas are great!  The food is pretty darn delicious too.  Great place to take vegetarians or vegans.  
The patio can be a bit uncomfortable if you are susceptible to mosquito bites so just stay inside.  
I wanted to give 4 starts but ended up taking a star off for the last experience we had there.
We are basically your perfect customers.  We know what we want, don't dawdle or ask for anything extra, just feed us and we are happy.    There was another couple that was asking for the ingredients and explanation of everything because he didn't know what Mexican food was.  The chef had to come out...
At this point we were basically ignored by every waiter and waitress in the place as this table was fawned over while they complained.    Our waitress conveniently dissapeared.  
I left grumpy.
Ordered 60 worth of food through DoorDash. Waited a hour and then the application contacted me canceling my order, stating the restaurant couldn't fulfill the order. Now I have a charge waiting 5-7 days for a refund and no food. Should've never accepted the order if you couldn't fulfill it! Or called and asked to substitute!
Take-out experience. Food was cold, taste was good, portion size vs. price a little mismatched. 

So the other day I decided to order from ADOBE CAFE. I did take-out as I was in the middle of a move and just was craving some food. Now, I will say it was just a 3 out of 5 experience for me this time, hitting borderline 2 of 5. I say that because by the time my food arrived it was a little cold..... 

Not only that what really left me unsatisfied was the fact that I felt it was a bit pricey. Now the taste/flavors I will say was there. Not bad but nothing that told me, okay... the price matches the food. It made me just regret the decision of ordering from there but I guess at least I wont need to cause i'll be moving out of the area. 

I ordered 3 dishes, 1 appetizer, two mains and it easily topped 40.00. Eh, Maybe I should of cancelled my order but what was written on the menu and what came to the door was just a bit off. I was hungry, it sounded good, but it just left me thinking about the bill afterwards and a little bit of regret.
I was pleasantly surprised when we walked into Adobe Cafe. It was very festive and much bigger than I had anticipated. There was a nice outside dining area, however, we chose to sit indoors because of the humidity. The hostess was friendly and we were seated as soon as we walked in. The menu had a lot of excellent choices and there was even vegetarian options. Everything we ordered came out from kitchen very quickly and we were not left waiting for long periods of time in between the appetizer (a chicken quesadilla) and our entrees (duck fajitas and chiles reyenos). 

The staff was extremely attentive and someone was always around to see if we needed our complimentary basket of nachos and salsa refilled, or our waters replenished. 

Mexican cuisine is my favorite and so many times I'm left feeling disappointed. The Adobe Cafe was delicious, authentic Mexican cuisine and I can guarantee I will be back!
Food was decent, service was great. Why only 3 stars? Cleanliness. 

My friends glass was dirty. Asked out server to get us a new one, and she did with a smile. Cool. Our food comes out. My plate for my fajitas was dirty! I wipe/pick the dry food off and continue with my dinner. Whatever. Then dessert came out, which was delicious. But no one in the kitchen cared enough to wipe away all the extra oil puddling next to our fried ice cream. 

I gave this place 3 out of 5 bc the food wasn't bad and the service was kind. But when a restaurant fails to take that extra step of double checking plates/glasses/presentation of their food, it's a major turn off for me. It takes 10 seconds but really makes a difference.
Wondered in here for a late dinner with my husband last night. We ordered a half pitcher of margaritas, fish tacos and pork tacos. The chips and salsa which came with the meal were great! The margaritas were also good and I thought they were a steal for a half pitcher for ten dollars. 
As for dinner, my husband and I both enjoyed our tacos which came with rice and beans. I found the rice to be strangely sweet, which was my only complaint. 
We will return, as they have great specials throughout the week.
