Sometimes its stupefying to believe that the original Foodery location is a place that I've been enjoying for 20 years now (and that it's been roughly 14 years ago since I reviewed it on here - https://www.yelp.com/biz/foodery-philadelphia). But in its multiple locations its definitely evolved from the tiny corner store that's a beer and sandwich haven, to several places that deliver the same in a much larger package.

But when it comes down to both deli counter and beer selection, the Roxborough location might just be my favorite, and not just because it also let me scoop out some popcorn to go during non-Covid-19 times.

Even in the slightly larger NoLibs location, past Foodery locations have boldly crammed specialty groceries, a deli counter, and fridges stocked with ALL THE BEERS into some seriously crammed situations. But that isn't a problem in this one which is by far the largest I've seen (without setting foot in the Phoenixville one yet). Because of that everything is placed in areas that make sense while also tossing in things like a section for large bottles, ALL THE SNACKS, and an impressive growler fill station.

My favorite sandwich is definitely the Diablo with its buffalo chicken, pepper jack cheese, avocado, and chipotle mayo that delivers a spicy kick that doesn't border on overkill. But I've also enjoyed the Hot Toastee with its tavern ham, swiss cheese, honey mustard, apple, and pecans on a toasted sourdough.

The main event by far is the epic beer coolers, and whether you're looking for hard to find imports, well-liked local brews, noteworthy seasonal brews, ciders and seltzers, hoppy beers, chocolate stouts, or other, you're bound to find it!
Hey what's not to like about a good deli that also doubles as a most righteous bottle shop?  The Foodery served up a delicious "green chicken" (don't go all Dr. Seuss on me here) panini, with chicken, spinach, pesto, and mozzarella all fused together in sandwich-y goodness.  One of dozens of custom sandwiches, you should be able to find something that tickles your fancy be ye carnivore or vegan.

Now...what to drink with that baddy?  Well...how about hundreds of different beers to choose from?  Bottle not your thing?  Then check out the half dozen or so drafts.  Being October, I went with a nice Bavarian style lager to wash down that panini.  Beer and a sandwich...hey that's what made America great (ok maybe not but it didn't hurt).  

If you're cruisin' down Ridge in the Roxborough hood, be sure to stop by.  Well worth your time and shekels, even if you don't like green eggs and ham.
My neighborhood jawn! (Is that the correct use of jawn? It should be now.)

This is where I go after work, late at night and sometimes on a Sunday afternoon to get my thirst rectified. Terrific beer selection in the midst of a really laid back, jovial, cool people staff. 

You know I love me some options so I 'preciate the build my own multiple 6-packs excursions.   

And if you're hungry and the sammich shop is open? They have a tasty, extensive line up of yummables.

But the beer and local ice cream offerings (in warmer climes) really make me cut a two-step victory dance in the aisles. 

Terrific atmosphere. Go chill. Meet friends. Play some board games while you sip. It's super fun and low key. Dogs are welcomed and kids in the daytime cement it as a really sweet all-around-goodness of a spot.
I'm not sure why people haven't noticed the prices here. For something like Founders Imperial, which should come at around $3.00, the price here is $5.75. That is almost twice(!) the price.

I was surprised to see Goose Island's Barleywine on the shelf. I've seen it price as $6.75 per bottle, or something towards $28 tax included for a 4 pack. Instead, they were charging $9.35. That is about $40 for a 4 pack of beer!

The mark up for other beers are much more reasonable. Based on the prices, the store almost feels like a European store with great American imports. 

Some prices were similar to those inside Philly, but in general, I was able to find much better prices.
I have been in The Foodery several times since it opened. At first, I loved the place, but the more I go there the less I like it. 

This place is a good spot grab a sandwich and a beer, well at least when they want to make you a sandwich. Tonight I stopped in there for exactly that. I walked in at 8:03pm. I grabbed a menu and the guy told me that the deli closed at 8pm, contrary to 9pm as posted on their website. I then heard him 2 mins later the tell another employee he was outta there. My guess, it was more important for this guy to get off work then satisfy a customer. Fairly frustrating when I went out of my way to stop there.

Unfortunately this isn't the first incident that I have had like this there, and this last one might have been the final one because I have no intentions on supporting this place again. 

Lastly, if you are planning on grabbing a couple of mixed 6-packs to go, think again. A few weeks ago I bought 2 six packs of craft cans for a whopping $38! I buy a lot of beer and that price is absolutely ridiculous.
The Foodery is many things.... It is a craft beer store, with a wide variety of interesting craft beers to choose from. It is also a deli, where you can order sandwiches, wraps, paninis etc. They have an eclectic assortment of chips, nuts, non-alcoholic drinks and other small food items. You can take-out your beer, or sit down and drink it there. They have ample seating, and a bottle opener on the wall next to each table. I came here for lunch and ordered a Paradise Wrap. It was comprised of Turkey, Swiss, Apple, Bacon, Red & Green Peppers, Sprouts, Avocado, and Cucumber. It was grilled and had a choice of wrap, I chose Honey Wheat. I picked some chips and a San Pellegrino to drink to complete my meal.  This wrap was really delicious. I am planning on going back next week to get another. The wrap was $7.50 and with chips and drink, came to about $10. You should stop by The Foodery.
So glad to now live within walking distance of this place.  Prices on bottles can be a tad steep, but the selection is beyond anything else I've found in the area.  I love the variety of beers on tap, and the prices on growler fills are very reasonable.  The deli food is also delicious, and well priced for a quick meal.
Solid hoagies and sandwiches, and walls filled with craft beer! Come in for an easy yet satisfying meal. The deli closes much earlier than the actual store so beware! Plus, free parking lot nearby!
The Foodery on Ridge Avenue in Roxborough is a welcome addition and hopeful sign of things to come for this part of the neighborhood.  Beer-centric, with a nod to a deli and convenience store, The Foodery fills a need fairly well.  

That being said, there is room for improvement.  The beer selection is wide-ranging and, for a bottle store, affordable.  Unfortunately wide-ranging in this case also means fairly predictable and pedestrian in the small-bottle/can department - big bottles do go way off the beaten path, but $20 is a lot to risk on the unknown.  All in all the beer snob will be satisfied, if not overly challenged unless they have deep pockets.  Filling growlers is a nice touch, and they do give small samples of their draft selections. 

The deli section is adequate, with nice sandwiches.  Not a huge selection of meats and cheese - but the cheese board appetizer pairs well with the selection of beers and ciders and makes for a nice, simple "date night" plan.  Unfortunately the seating is merely o.k.  Is this place a deli?  A bottle shop?  A restaurant?  A pub?  The answer is none of the above.  Weird place to hang out.  

Tasting by the brewers is a regular event, but again, leans towards the "feels weird" vibe.  Maybe it's just me...but I always feel like I need to just buy my beer and leave.  

The atmosphere is equally weird.  Not bad, just odd.  The one television is center stage, and usually turned to Philly sports if someone is playing.  Trouble is you can only see it from half the seats...meaning you have to sit side-by-side.  Tough to do with three people.  Terrible place to catch a game.  The counter staff range from knowledgeable and helpful to clueless about beer and often absent from their station.  

Overall the place is clean and neat, but occasionally I have seen a dog inside.  Not everyone appreciates or likes dogs - and some of us find them filthy disgusting smelly and GET YOUR DAMN DOG OFF OF ME.  If you must bring a dog in leash it and take others dislike of dogs into account.  I am sure Spot is nice.  Get him away from me.  And if he is not clean or has crap on his butt do not bring him in.  

Moving on.

The Foodery is a leader on Ridge Avenue, and leading in a direction I hope other businesses will follow.  Ridge will never be Main Street - but for us grown-ups who would like to see better options, The Foodery deserves our patronage if only to seed the way for more.
I am sad to say but I'm not sure if I'll be back to the foodery soon for food. Drink selection is great but I typically wouldn't make a trip there just for that.  The past few times despite only one person ordering before us, it's taken 25-30min to get our sandwiches to go. This kind of defeats the purpose of "To-Go" when you sit there waiting for 30min. While the sandwiches are typically tasty, the size has been an issue as well lately. For $8-9 you'd expect your sandwich to be filled with meat and filling in general but that has not been the case. (See pic) 

I won't swear them off but now that convenience and quality seems to not be there then I don't see myself running back here.
The Foodery Roxborough is a cool spot for beer connoisseurs or those looking for something new.  The variety of beer is outrageous along with the prices of some of the beers.  When in Roxborough, I always stop for an empanada and a beer. My favorite empanadas are the spicy beef and chicken (2 for $5). They have a deli area which I haven't checked out yet. The cashier is usually brief but helpful, the service is average.  Overall, its a decent spot for the area.  Check it out!!!
I've gone to the Foodery twice for lunch and had a great experience. They have a great selection of beer, soft drinks, and deli sandwiches, so there's something for everyone. I've had the Son of Diablo and the WOW sandwich and both were really good. The place is also dog friendly, which was a welcome change.

My only gripe is with some of the structure of the Foodery. The Deli section only has one person working there and it's not very structured - the first time I went the sandwiches took a while so I had to keep walking over there and checking if it was ready, and the second time the deli clerk had to shout across the restaurant to notify me. It would benefit from some sort of screen or numbering system.
The Foodery is such a great addition to the Roxborough/Manayunk area.    My roommates and I happened to hear of it via the local newspaper at the YMCA and could not be more excited that we did.  They offer an exemplary craft beer selection.  Whether you are in the mood for some local crafts, domestic, or  foreign; The Foodery will surely not disappoint.  You can build your own 6-pack (10% discount) or if you build your own 6-pack of the same beers (20% discount)!  The beers vary so much in shape, size, origin, and price that it would be best to go in and see for yourself.  

There is also a deli with boars head meat that looks great.  Plenty of customers have bought an individual beer of their choice and sat down with a delightful sandwich. 

The employees are extremely kind and informative.  I was in the mood for an IPA not overly hoppy, and the gentleman directed me in that direct and gave me his insights for numerous choices.  

The GM noticed me being a repeat customer 3 days in a row and was kind enough to give me a complimentary beer mug, perfect for any 12 oz beer.  

Lastly, they offer beer tastings on different weekdays and I believe a weekend here and there.  Unfortunately he mentioned the times being around 5 or 530 during the weekday which is tough to make, work hours permitting.  

I highly recommend The Foodery in Roxborough for their expansive beer selection, deli area, and knowledgable and truly courteous staff.  You will not be let down.


Mike
Not being able to consume gluten leaves me in this awkward position of always having liquor or constantly consuming Angry Orchards. After, consuming cases of Angry Orchards I needed a changed. 

Enter the Foodery.

There is an entire case of gluten free heaven. The selection constantly changes. I skip into the Foodery with giddy excitement. I spend several minutes with my face pressed up against the gluten free case. Sorry, about my nose prints guys!

I fill a six pack with ciders made of every fruit imaginable, get my 10 perfect off, and drink myself in a sugar induced drunken stupor. 

I have come here and sat with friends at the tables in the front. The employees are really friendly. They come up and offer samples. The enter friendly beer conversation with total enthusiasm. Plus, they know the stock really well. I have come in asking for specific for beer for friends and they will rattle of the case number without a thought.


This place is the bomb.
the beer selection here is great and it's in a relatively convenient location; however I just had a bad experience here. I called twice today to see whether they had a specific type of beer and was assured by the girl who answered the phone, Jess, that they had it. I even asked her to go check that they had it because not many places have it in stock this time of year, she said she checked and that they did have it, and I was thrilled. I then drove 20-25 minutes out of my way to go buy it. well unfortunately Jess was wrong and must have been lying about actually checking to see whether this kind of beer was available because they didn't have it and the other employee who waited on me told me he didn't know the last time they had it. pretty ridiculous. I ended up driving directly to the brewery to buy the beer there and give them some direct business. I won't be going to the foodery again; id suggest giving another local bottle shop, like below deck at the boathouse, business.
Expensive but expansive beer selection. Good place to get a beer, a sandwich and hang out with friends for lunch. Occasional beer tastings, a plus.
BEER HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And patient staff, who never made a peep while my friend and I gabbed and took our time putting together our six-pack, completely unaware that they were past closing hours.  They didn't even turn off the lights until we were at the register.  And they didn't lock the door until we were gone.  

Mind you, NYC prices for some things, though bargains on others.  But with that kind of selection, AND the ability to purchase a fresh draught flight?  One can let it slide, and consider it a treat :-)
Hands down one of my favorite places in Manayunk/Roxborough. Beer lovers beware, you will spend a pretty penny here! There is a choice for every beer drinker, categorized by the origin of the brewing company. Cider/gluten free options are also available in their own refrigerator section. I'm a sour connoisseur and they always have a great selection, including ones I've never even heard of before. On top of that, their staff is always super welcoming and they are dog friendly. 

In addition to a fantastic beer selection, they have great food options as well. Their sandwiches are freshly made, and I highly recommend getting the Diablo or Son of Diablo if you like spicier food. They also have empanadas (2 for $5) and a broad selection of yummy meats, cheeses, condiments, and salsas located throughout the store. I cannot rave enough about this place, you really just need to come check it out for yourself. I love coming in and building my own 6 pack, or grabbing a beer + snacks and sitting at one of the tables to read my book!
I went to visit my daughter,in Philly, and we always pig out. I thought Providence had food but Philly is da bomb diggity!! Yes I went ol skool on ya.
So my child always has a subtle of saying "I thought this place looked like somewhere we would find interesting...." and I take the bait. 
So, the brotha making the sandwiches raved about his coleslaw, which goes on the Reuben he suggested. And I'm thinking,"Oh baby boy, I throw down on some coleslaw(translation, I make delicious coleslaw!!). Well, he didn't lie! And the sandwich was so fresh on marble bread. The rest of my visit, I had dreams of going back. But alas, time got away. We also had sodas, which came in bottles. On the edge of the tables are bottle openers.I like extra niceties like that. The staff was very friendly and the price was a bit steep but not unbearable. 
I cannot wait to go back.
This place is great, especially given how badly the neighborhood needed a good anchor business. The only downside is that some people treat the foodery as if it were a bar- which it's not. They have tables so you can have your food or drink while you're there, but there's way too many people who take it upon themselves to crush beer after beer and hang around being drunk and obnoxious as if it's a beer hall. I wish those people would just go to one of the many bars in the area, but other than that I have nothing but appreciation for the foodery.
This is a deli, fresh grocery, craft beer, and bread spot. We live close enough and drive through this strip often. A friend suggested it. They have hundreds of craft beers that you can mix and match. This would easily be a hipster-tastic spot anywhere else in the city. Thankfully, it's in Roxborough, so the mood was casual and friendly. If you need a few "healthy" snacks, good beer, or a sammich please don't look any further!

They do have seating so you can eat-in which is a nice touch.
Great selection of craft beer and unique snack foods. I've seen empanadas here before and picked eggs in a jar. I just ordered a Rueben and enjoyed it . Their deli is stocked with many options, and the people are nice. Will be coming back for more
I went in for dinner and some drinks with my girlfriend.  The deli style menu was extensive, and the meats were sliced for each sandwich.  Being an ex- employee of kochs deli, I realize this point is missed by most, but it definitely makes a difference in the sandwich.  The wait is a bit longer, but then again it was a busy night.  The beer selection is fantastic, and the prices are reasonable.  One of my favorite features was the option of getting a draft beer and drinking it there.  

Of Note: because of its location, right on ridge, the foodery offers some of the best people watching around.  So swing by, have a Sammy and a brew, and watch the locals of Roxborough go about their lives.
Ditto to everything all the 5 star reviews say, plus this: it's DOG FRIENDLY!

Seriously. You can go in. With your dog. 

I was waiting for a friend outside one day -- had my dog with me -- and one of the employees waved me right in, insisting they welcome dogs.

And they did! How very European.... 

Been back a few times with my pooch. Love this place.
Love having this place less than a block away! Making my own six pack of craft beers is one of my favorite activities and I love how convenient it is to come here for it! They always have too many for me to choose from and have all of the good seasonal beers right on time!
Great place to try new beers. The staff is always willing to help find you new beers that meet your tastes, and if you have a special request, they can usually accommodate and order it in.

Besides the extensive beer selection, the deli makes some delectable sandwiches. But it's usually only one person back there making them, so it's good to put in the order right away so it's ready by the time you're done perusing the beer fridges.

Great features also include some card games for bored patrons and, my favorite, allowing behaved dogs to come in.

The only thing it's missing is an outdoor patio area
LOVE this spot. So excited to get a place like this in the Roxborough/manayunk area. The only reason for 4 stars is sometimes it gets busy and they only have one person making sandwiches so I've had a good wait a few times. Other than that small detail this place is great! Lots of craft beers with computers where you can research each beer. And who doesn't love creating their own 6-pack?? Everyone that works there is really helpful and they have vendors sampling beer sometimes too!
Great little place to grab a drink and some food.  You can make your own six pack, grab a single beer, snacks and more.  Everyone is very nice, knowledgeable and always willing to help and even offer recommendations.  They have a ton of beer.  I think in the range of 700+ different beers?  The only downside is the price for some of the beer.  My favorite beers are less expensive at Wegmans, but why not support the little guys?
Although I appreciate the extensive selection of craft and specialty beers, I do not like over paying for said beers.  The same beers at Weiss Market (on the Ridge) and Wegmans sell for substantially less money.  The savings over The Foodery prices more than makes up for the extra drive.  Plus you then have a much broader, and less expensive, food selection.  I also noticed that the cold beer section has gotten smaller since The Foodery opened.  Seems to be more non-craft domestic beer and less craft/specialty beers.  The woman in front of me, tonight, purchased her Bud and asked for a brown paper bag to create a traveler.  Didn't The Foodery assure the neighbors that this would not happen?
I've driven by the Foodery numerous times over the past year, and after my visit tonight I am kicking myself for not coming in sooner. I blame the little street parking in that area of Ridge Ave, but hey, I guess it's time to suck it up.

Foodery has a huge selection of beers both local and imported. I was really pleased to find a case devoted to ciders and lambics as well. Sadly I couldn't find my cassis lambic nor my Strongbow cider, my two bottled go-to's when I drink on rare occasions. The grocery selection is also really outstanding -- lots of organic, specialty items in stock.

The deli guy was really friendly in recommending me the Son of Diablo, but I opted for the Cajun Turkey panini. So delicious and exactly what I needed. The bread was deliciously toasted and I enjoyed the substitution of sundried tomato pesto instead of mayo. I'll definitely have to come back to try more of their sandwiches when I'm in the mood for a lazy evening!
Im in love with this place! The staff is super friendly and helpful. They have draft beer available which is great while you wait for your sandwich to come out. And the beer selection is awesome, so many different varieties to create your very own six pack. 
I ordered an Italian hoagie to eat in and a Yards raspberry tart which came with  a free glass, come up! After i finished my hoagie i then created my six pack, i felt like a kid in a candy shop. I left there feeling satisfied and excited to come back!
Walking through The Foodery for my first time, I felt -- Confused.

You see, I thought a place called "The Foodery" would be a good place for getting gourmet-like food items. But when I stopped in for my first time recently, looking to pick up a bottle or two of San Pellegrino or other frizzy mineral water (which I thought would be a slam-dunk for what I thought was a food place, right?), I totally struck out. Instead of my usual trip to K-Mart or Acme, I figured I'd stop in for something I thought they MUST also have, but didn't! Sure, I saw some small lonely water bottles in one section of the cooler, and on the bottom shelf there was a glass bottle of Evian something-or-other for four bucks (yeah, THAT ain't happening!), but that was it. None of the 'usual suspects' in the field of mineral water. Weird.

"So", I thought, "What's their mission here?" I wandered around looking at other food items that this "Foodery" might sell. A chips aisle, okay. Some esoteric-looking condiments on sparsely-stocked shelves nearby. In the cheese cooler, I found factory cheeses you can easily see in your out-in-the-sticks IGA, or loaded onto any Nobel-Sysco truck. There seemed to be no attempt to have any kind of semi-comprehensive inventory, however humble, though - instead only "having what they have" and that's it. For food items, I found, The Foodery fantastically fizzles.

Alright, I hear some of you screaming at me. It's a bottle store that sells and/or purports to sell enough food to, I assume, not run afoul of the state ABC. Okay. But if we look at it that way, it's still a strange feeling place to me. Look, If I were going to open a cozy, hangout, craft beer place, it would be an intimate-feeling setting, like an English pub, lots of wood, booths, tasting bar, etc. And yes, I've not forgot the dogs - with an outdoor stone or slate patio, framed with boxwoods or whatever. It certainly wouldn't be a brightly-lit, high-ceilinged, white Armstrong Premium Excelon floored place that looks like it was a Woolworth's or a paint store last week, feeling thrown together, with a lot of unused floor space. The shelves are at strange angles. Which way is the traffic flow? What's over here? Beer! What's over there? More beer! What's the difference? Who knows! Who cares! It feels almost like it's a "hobby" store. Or a front. 

Now, for the record I must state I like beer. A LOT. Whether it's an ice-cold can of Busch on a hot summer day, or a Chimay Blue with a meal, or anything in between, I'm up for it. Sure, I may never taste a Goat's Piss Pilsner from some dude's backyard in Boise, and (from reading other reviews of this place), pay mightily for the privilege, but I'm okay with that. I'll get my beer from the beer store (Javie's is great), and my Pellegrino from Acme, and just shake my head when I drive past The Foodery. To quote Monty Python, It is a silly place.
A little disappointed, I came in on a Sunday afternoon to finally try the deli. They only had one guy behind the counter and he was doing the best he could but was overwhelmed. I felt bad for him. I waited at least ten minutes and still hadn't gotten my order taken. I overheard him tell the lady in front of me that it was going to be a while as there was already a large group of people waiting for sandwiches they had ordered. I finally left without ordering. Maybe next time.
Amazing beer selection and as far as the area goes it has no competition.  The manager is a really good dude and is really there for his customers.  I haven't tried to much of the food menu but what I have had is pretty good.  The big reason to come here is the beer selection though there really is no where else in the area aside from her to get such a variety of beers.
Been coming here a lot because a guy I'm seeing lives nearby, and we are both really into craft beer.  I've never ordered food here--only beer. We will either buy beer and take it to his place, or we just stay there and drink. We had our first date there.

They have a huge selection. There's rarely any brand I've been looking for, that I can't find. I like being able to make your own six pack. There are a lot of places in Philly that let you do that, but the Foodery also gives you good people watching opportunities, too. For example: 

One night, I met a friend here, and there was a young couple who literally spent the entire time making up and breaking up. I kid you not. We had fun sipping our beers and watching them. They would make out, then fight. They'd take their fight outside, then they'd come back in again and make out some more.

They supplied literally hours of entertainment.
We just moved around the corner and I ran in the other day to grab a six pack mix and match for a party. I instantly fell in love, which is dangerous because it's a bit pricey. They have a huge selection of beer, a nice variety of groceries, a deli, and some seating to eat/drink in. The layout and atmosphere is super nice. Will definitely e back and will recommend.
Depending on your neighborhood (multiple locations), The Foodery is a local go-to for craft brews, sandwiches, and snacks. 
The pricing is consistent with other Philly beer stores, but the selection surpasses most. Imports, domestics, locals, and even special orders, ensures that you can procure the frosty bev of your choice. 
The deli is equally sufficient, offering a variety of sandwich options. Considering SoCal's lacking Italian Hoagie situation, I make up for it when I visit the NE. The Foodery executed flawlessly with a freshly prepared, properly stuffed hoagie that was good enough for me to have one two days in a row. 
In short, I recommend a trip to The Foodery for your beer and snack needs.
I went in today to pick up a make-your-own six pack and was delighted to see the variety of choices. There is a nice range of domestic, craft and import beer. Also a lot of cider and craft soda. The prices are anywhere from $2 to $20 in 12oz to 20oz bottles. 
I can't speak to the deli half of the business, but I'm definitely planning on going back.
The Foodery--in all their Philadelphia locations--always hits the spot for me. I like the idea of grab-and-go dining and appreciate simple menus done well. I really appreciate the variety of sandwiches they offer and how customizable they are.

In addition, The Foodery never falters in the beer department. I've discovered some of my favorite local and distant breweries by making craft packs on a regular basis. 

I'd recommend this to anyone who doesn't need extravagant table service and eccentric, overpriced menus to be impressed. A sandwich done well and an interesting beer is the recipe for happiness for me.
Love this place.  Local spot in Roxborough that lets you bring your dog inside to hangout.  Ridiculous amounts of beer for the picky drinker. And delicious sandwiches. 

They let you mix and match any beers into a 6 park and offer a 10% discount for doing so. 

They also host beer tastings throughout the week. 

Thanks Foodery!
Super stoked I found this place! Not sure how to even describe it because it basically has everything I need in one place. Perfect place to study with large tables if you needed to accommodate for more people or just want to spread out your things. They have sandwiches, snacks, coffee and BEER. I will definitely be here a lot to work on my graduate studies.

PS they also have take out beer!
One of my favorite spots in Roxborough. I've brought my dog here, I've eaten here, I've worked here, I've drank here, and I've played guitar here. This place has it all.

The ONLY knock I have is that their beer prices are inflated. I didn't notice this until I started frequenting other bottle shops, but I have found that many of their 12oz bottles cost $1-2 more.
The sandwiches were really great here, but the beer selection was INSANE! They had ever beer I've ever heard of and a bunch I hadn't. If you're in the area and like beer or good sandwiches then stop in. My only complaint was I thought it was kind of pricey. Otherwise it would have gotten 5 stars.
Great sandwiches with a huge beer selection.  Great spot!
Haven't had the food here, but they have an excellent selection of beer. You can build your own six pack and get a growler filled.
THIS place ROCKS. Hands down one of the best places that Roxborough has. It has specialty foods, and a wide selection of beers. The deli is amazing with many gluten free options and wholesome food for people with allergies and those that want many organic/natural options. HIGHLY recommended.
Great service. The general manager really takes care of his customers. Holly recommended. Also really great food, and beer :)
Great selection of craft beer and unique snack foods. I've seen it  empanadas here before and picked eggs in a jar. I just ordered a Rueben and enjoyed it . Their deli is stocked with many options, and the people are nice. Will be coming back for more !
Great hang out spot in Roxborough. If you want to eat and drink but in more of a low key casual environment than most bars, check this place out. I imagine most of their business is food and beers to go, but they also have tables where you can drink and chill there. Beers are very reasonably priced compared to bar prices. They had a lot of selections that were $3-4 for some really good quality beer. 

After 8pm, when they stop serving food, it becomes BYOF-- bring your own food! We ordered Chinese food from across the street and then hung out here drinking beers and playing cards. 

If you are looking for a change from the typical Main St. Manayunk experience, check this place out!
Great place to grab a pitcher of beer and hang out. I have always been encouraged by the employees to try the beer on tap first, and they have always been able to find me a beer that I like! Most are very knowledgable about the beers that they are selling.  A little on the pricey side when getting a make your own 6 pack, but still fun! Sandwiches are good, but nothing to brag about.
Absolutely amazing!  Great sandwiches and service and an absolutely wonderful beer selection. Great selection of bottles and a nice craft selection on tap. You can also get a shot of bourbon (good bourbon) for 4 bucks. This is a great spot. I can't wait to go back!
I am soooo excited that the Foodery is in Roxborough! I stopped in the other day and picked up a couple bottles of German wheat beer and a sandwich. Their beer selection is very good - not cheap, but on-par with other takeout six-pack establishments. The space is much bigger than their other locations. There's a nice seating/eating area, a giant wall of refrigerated beer and a deli. There is still quite a bit of empty space in the store which I hope they fill with some more food/snack options (other than just chips). The sandwich was fresh, delicious and affordable. Such a great addition to the 'hood!!
