Dating back to 1893, the 0lde Bar Seafood House is a venerable Philly landmark offering fine dining in the heart of Olde City. Sitting among the prints of Foxes and Rabbits in regency clothing, the place has all the earmarks of an old Tory watering hole. 

Inventive use of half-walls turn the dining room into a succession of alcoves that make dinner private and intimate without a crowd noise overlay that allows for conversations to flow at a natural volume.

If you roll your eyes at epicurean trends  that change with the day (as I do) this straightforward gem makes an excellent, refined choice for dinner. The menu is limited by pandemic necessity but the well presented portions of Striped Bass, Scallops and Steak Frites were enjoyed by all. 

Outdoor seating is available but maybe it's just me, dinner in an overcoat, gloves and a hypothermia chaser doesn't make for a memorable evening.  Outdoor just isn't my thing.

Olde Bar delivered an almost perfect dining experience that leads with ambiance and vintage excellence from the kitchen. An easy five stars.
Five stars for the chefs at The Olde Bar and our server, Matt, who last night bent over backwards to accommodate my many dietary restrictions on the Whole30 plan. 

After a week of cooking nearly every meal at home from scratch, a feat I normally accomplish once or maybe twice a week if I'm really feeling inspired, I desperately needed to get out and escape both the cooking and clean-up. Eating out on this plan is not an easy feat, and so I chose The Olde Bar based on the raw seafood selections and steak options. 

My husband and I went to dinner super early on a snowy night, and were seated in a nearly empty dining room, save for a large party of adults, plus an extremely unruly child. We were seated right next to this group when nearly all the other tables remained open for the duration of our stay. I definitely should have asked to be moved and I still don't know why I didn't. (Hosts: please don't seat couples next to groups with loud children, if possible!)

Moving on. I had several questions about menu items which Matt graciously relayed to the chefs. In the end, I ordered the jumbo lump crab cocktail to start, which was absolutely delicious, plus the steak oscar made without butter or hollandaise, with sides of grilled asparagus and roasted fingerling potatoes. My steak was cooked perfectly, with a generous side of crab, and the side of artichoke jus was heavenly. I had enough potatoes left over to bring home for my Sunday breakfast (back at it in the kitchen!).  

This was my first time ever in The Olde Bar and former Bookbinders and I really loved the old school vibes and the Garces Group's dedication to preserving some of that nostalgia. I'm definitely looking forward to returning once I'm back on the wagon - I'd love to share some drinks in one of the cozy leather banquettes or seated at the bar.
What a wonderful evening out with my best friend for dinner. 

We came at one time to the Old Original Bookbinders, and my friend wanted to check out the newest reincarnation of Jose Garces' imagination. Glad we came here.

It was Happy Hour (4-6pm) when we showed up, and couldn't resist the raw oyster deal of buck a shuck. One dozen turned into two and then into three. When the regular price is $3 each, this was a great deal. We then also were here during Restaurant Week so we got a good bargain on a three course meal each.

I had the Caesar salad with fried oysters to start. Perfectly fried two oysters on a bed of big leaf lettuce with just the right amount of dressing. My friend started with some very thick and outstanding snapper soup. That went quickly. I had a lobster roll for a main course, and my friend had the snapper fish. Mine had some very crispy fries and a roll that maybe could have had a bit more lobster but it was so good! My friend really liked his fish, too. We both finished our Restaurant Week meal with some salted chocolate. This to me was average and put a small damper on the rest of the meal. Very rich, but not decadent. Didn't care for it.

My friend had some wine, and I ended up downing three Happy Hour Fish House Punches, which gave my brain a friendly punch and brought out the talk in me. A bunch of different rums with tea and other stuff and pretty decent. I almost got some to go but passed the last second.

The Happy Hour deals are the bomb and my friend and I expressed how much we need to come back. We loved The Olde Bar.

Service was perfect in these COVID-19 times, and all wore masks and gloves. They were all working hard. My friend and I were indoors, and you could tell they removed several tables to accommodate social distancing. All tables I saw were seated so many others wanted to come here, too.

$150 for two for three dozen Happy Hour oysters, six drinks, and two Restaurant Week deals at $35 each.  What a great Friday night.
Awesome happy hour choices and time 5-7 M-F and 5-6 Saturday and Sunday. The $1 oysters here are well worth the trip. The fried shrimp on the Happy Hour menu are divine! My unknown bar seats neighbor had the 'crab fingers' they look as delicious as he said they were. They also have a 'seafood fest' on Monday $25 per person with 3ish courses. The options are fairly on point. The restaurant is dark and old English/ Colonial but neat and somewhat modernized. 

A dining buddy's comments caused me to initially avoid this place. ENTER YELP! I read several reviews and it changed my mind and I'm glad it did. The Buffalo Cauliflower is not the best but I was impressed with everything else. For Buffalo Cauliflower go to Booker's 50th and Baltimore. This place has to stick to seafood!

There server was nice and the food delivered timely and hot. The Happy Hour prices are reasonable, I will definitely be back!
I haven't had an oyster in a year and a half and I've really missed them so I have been waiting patiently to get to Happy Hour at The Olde Bar where they feature a Buck-A-Shuck along with some other tasty sounding options.

I was already won over before even sitting down for my meal. I had walked from Independence Hall on a 96 degree day and did not realize I had arrived a full 30 minutes earlier than they opened. I kept trying different doors which were all locked until I finally peered through the glass window where an employee spotted, took pity on and let me in. I was so glad he did because sweat was dripping down my face. Turns out he was the manager Sean and he's an awesome human being. 

Sean and Stella (the hostess) ushered me to a cozy little nook with a comfy chair and gave me a glass of water so I could cool off and regroup.  And I wasn't the only one. A few other early arrivers drifted in and were treated just as graciously now that's how you make a stellar first impression. When they officially "opened" I moved to a high top in the bar area. They also had some nice booth seating on the wall. After my companion showed up we ordered two dozen oysters, the crab fingers and fried oysters. The bartenders special was a Paloma, very good.  The oysters were good as well although I prefer a saltier variety. The crab fingers come in a delicious garlic butter and served with bread. The fried oysters were probably my favorite. I would order more of them next time as there will surely be a next time. 

I can't say enough about the hospitality we were shown through out the evening by ALL of the staff but especially Sean and Lauren who was our dedicated server.
I went here the other day for dinner with my new boss and a co-worker.  First the fact that I was able to move my reservation up without issue was great!  

We ordered a dozen oysters as an app (buck a shuck during happy hour 4p-6p).  They were good and I was happy that they were shucked properly.  Too many times you get oysters and the liquor has been dumped off.  I didn't ask what kind of oysters these were, they're bigger than I typically go for but they tasted great.  Fresh and salty.  I'm a purist with oysters, just a little lemon juice.  But they do come with cocktail sauce and a mignonette if that's your jam.  

I ordered the burger with blue cheese and bacon.  It was good, cooked perfectly and the blue cheese seemed to have a smoky flavor to it.  Different but very good.  I was surprised that the burger didn't come with a side and the menu didn't reference that either.  Also, it could've used some seasoning...as that was lacking.  It is a bit pricey as well, with the bacon and blue cheese I think it was close to $20.  

My new boss ordered the fried chicken...if I would've known him better (and we weren't knee deep in a pandemic) I probably would've taken some of his chicken and fries too.  It looked insane!!  He said it was very good.  Not sure if I can trust his food tasting abilities just yet but if it tasted half as good as it looked...what's the phrase...winner winner chicken dinner?

The staff was phenomenal which I think is why I'm giving them four stars over three.  Definitely worked as a team and you never had to wait long for anything.  Of course since it's not the thing to sit indoors we were outside.  Even though the temperature was 150 degrees that day it was still nice.  Tables are far enough apart that if you're worried about social distancing you'll be okay.  In addition it's a beautiful area so the scenery is nice too. 

Anyways, our last cocktail was cut short when the umbrellas started flying through the air like darts.  Not the fault of the restaurant...I'm fairly certain an uncharted hurricane blew through.  But hey, it's 2020 so isn't craziness expected....
We came here only for drinks, but based on our experience this place deserves five stars. 

Located in the old Bookbinders building (one of the prettiest in Philly!), the Olde Bar offers up oysters and snacks like nobody's business. They also make a mean cocktail. The service is impeccable. There was a man opening the door up for patrons that were walking up to the building, imploring us to "come on in and get warm!" Thumbs up.

The hostess was also really nice and offered us three different options for seating, saying she would just like us to be comfortable. Two thumbs up. 

The drinks were great. I got the Olde Cuban (rum, lime juice, champagne, and mint) and my dining partner got the Pepperpot (vodka, peppercorns, etc.). Both drinks were on point. And to end the night, the waiter (Russell) took a stab at my last name, which is very brave indeed since my last name is a mess. He did a great job! Thumbs up all around.
History in these parts of Philly is rich! I love that about Philadelphia! So when the opportunity arose to dine in The Old Original Bookbinders building,  a famous landmark in old Philly, I could not wait. The fact that it had boasted some of the freshest seafood in these parts, as well: Double Win! We arrived and The Olde Bar was busy! From the street it looked like an old pub style; the type you see in Dublin. We got on the waitlist and secured two spots at the busy bar and made it in time for happy hour. That's always a plus! Happy Hour here is M-Fri, from 5-7pm $1 Oyster specials! $5 snacks! House wines; A staffs choice draft ; Fish House Punch and the Olde Bar Oyster Stout are all on special. Half a drink in and we were shuttled to our booth. As hard as it was to veer off course of trying to travel and be half healthy when ordering out , ( 3/4 of my life is spent eating out because of my career!) , my husband talked me into the Olde Bar Fries. OMG! My arm wasn't too twisted when all of my favorite things were described in this fat haven of delicious-ness! Crab;Lobster;Butter;Cheddar Fondue and that Oyster Stout all piled onto amazing house fries ... Dear God. I can tell you that we split these and they are a meal! I found myself wishing we had not ordered dinner at the same time! We ordered the TOB Mixed Grill to share for our entree: 1/2 lobster; lots of jumbo prawns; clams; salt potatoes ; bacon!!! Served with crisp, toasted sourdough. This is done sort of 'New England Clam Bake' style .. perfect and tasty with a red chile butter. We literally could not finish this entree despite splitting it! There was NO room for dessert but that Baked Alaska had me thinking I may possibly be able to fit more bites into my now stretched out girth! BUT no. It sounds amazing tho! Maybe next time! The raw bar is also impressive looking for next time! 
The Olde Bar is fun; trendy; a touch of hip yet class and from the outside I did not expect that. I expected a 'pub' atmosphere. The decor is in the time as it should be with hard woods abound! The booths are cozy and cute! The bar and restaurant had amazing and personable service! I hate that it seemed they were shutting it down around 10pm when it started to quiet down.. weird because I truly thought this may be 'THE' place to be and hangout! But maybe for the weekend ! TOB.. you were all I thot you should be .. see you next time!
Bookbinders was one of those places of old Philly culinary excellence that I had failed to make it over to before it closed for good. But when I found out that Jose Garces had taken over the space, and was bringing in an elevated menu and concept that remained faithful to the old; I saw it as the perfect marriage between the old and new Philly restaurant culture. And thus far I experienced the best of it in three very different occasions.

My first occasion was when they hosted the after wedding reception when my cousin tied the knot. And Olde Bar went above and beyond with an appetizer spread that included a selection from their delectable raw bar and sliders, a stellar open bar that included their old fashioned and a good mix of beers, an incredible selection of entrees that featured one of the best salmon dishes I had; and even going off menu to accommodate the father of the brides favorite beer. On the 2nd occasion they hosted a Technically Philly Holiday Networking Event, and even though it was a three hour open bar networking event, they pulled all of the stops to provide exceptional food and service.

With two great experiences that didn't include actually eating a meal during regular dinner service, its been something that has been on my to do list for awhile. So when Sari & I split up our winning from the basket we won at Philly Wine Week's Opening Cork and it included some Garces gift cards for us to divvy up, I knew exactly where I was going to go! And it proved to be as good as I expected!

Cocktail wise I was definitely impressed with the Wissahickon and For Whom The Bell Tolls. When you're in the former house of Bookbinder's and the menu is inspired by the classic, you obviously go for seafood. And the Calamari and Crab Cake might have been the best that I've had in Philly! Add in the amazing service we had, and Olde Bar proved to be the place that's perfect for all occasions!
My family returned to The Olde Bar for a birthday celebration. It was nice to learn that you could still order happy hour in the main dining room but it added a level of tension between my party and our server when tried to get last minute dishes before HH ended. Our server literally scolded us when we questioned where certain items were saying we complicated the process by asking other servers for this and that. Okay but different servers kept showing up at our table when you weren't around. And even if I accepted that we were to "blame" I don't think the nasty delivery of that information was warranted. I even saw him roll his eyes at one point when he was flagged down for something. Could have been an off day so I deleted only one star because I still loved the food.
For the love of lobster!
why delicious food has to cost a fortune.
My friend and I went for happy hour followed by dinner two weeks ago. I haven't been to the original old Bookbinders before, and that was just about to change, when my friend suggested we try the Olde Bar out.

We had the Battered Shrimp and Sauteed Mussels from the happy hour menu. I ordered the Lobster Roll as my entree, and she got the Fish n Chips.

I might be late into the game, but it's never too late to try an oyster for the first time. I was debating, and I wasn't sure if I would even give it a go. After a brief negotiation with my self, I decided to get ONE OYSTER, and maybe an empty bucket- just in case LOL.  When Sam, our server, brought out the oyster in a martini glass (swoon ) and placed it in front of me, the table next to us started to cheering me up. Okay! now I'm under the spotlight and, I had no choice but to put that oyster in my mouth. And I sure did!  I wish I've saved my first oyster-shell and made it in a pendant of victory. 

I thought I was a food adventurous, until I realized I ,also, have never tried mussels ( lame, I know!) So I did, and history was made, a lot of memories were created in the Olde Bar. I thought Mussels would taste worst, but it was just fine, and I'm pretty sure it won't be my last. 

I'm certain the chef is so proud of his Maine Lobster, which was cool and extra creamy, coated in Celery Seed Mayo, on a toasted bun. The Old Bay Chips was the perfect accompaniment. I also should mention that my friend enjoyed her Battered Cod & Beef Fat Fries, and when I tasted it, it was like a a treat inside my mouth.
Overall, the Olde Bar had an outstanding service, and scrumptious food, but it was a bit on the dear side.
Pro tip: Try to come for the special menu during happy hour ( daily 4pm-6pm), or late night ( Sun -Thur 10pm-12am, Fri & Sat 11pm-1am.)

Four Yelps.
I sent this email to the company but they never responded to my email. Here's my experience at The Olde Bar.

Each year I look forward to selecting an upscale restaurant to enjoy for my birthday weekend. After reading through various reviews, my boyfriend and I both agreed that The Olde Bar sounded like the perfect spot to celebrate my 27th birthday. We arrived at The Olde Bar around 7PM on Saturday, February 7th and were told that there would be about an hour wait. We put our name on the waiting list and went to a nearby restaurant to enjoy a couple cocktails before dinner. At 8:01 my boyfriend received a text saying our table was ready so we made our way over to the restaurant. Upon arriving, the greeter was very nice and took our jackets. We were seated and given menus. After looking through the drink selection, the waitress helped me choose a delicious drink that wasn't too overpowering with alcohol. She took our drink order and quickly went on to help her other tables. Our drinks came within ten minutes and our waitress set them down and again quickly rushed away to again help the other tables she had. While seated at a rectangular high top table, another couple arrived and sat next to us. They placed their drink order and within 5 minutes were given complementary rolls. Someone also came out and placed fries on their table. At this point, we still weren't even given the option to place our order. We waited and waited and waited. FINALLY our waitress came and asked if we wanted any starters. I told her that we were ready to order everything. For starters we ordered the stone crab claw, a selection of oysters, and beef fat fries. I ordered the crab cake as my main dish and my boyfriend order the steak Oscar. I was excited that our order was finally in. Someone came out with complimentary rolls and the oysters, crab claw, and fries quickly followed. We were kind of surprised that the stone crab claw came out intact and not cracked. We asked the girl that brought out the crab claw and oysters if they were supposed to crack it prior to coming out and she said no. She walked away and then came back to ask my boyfriend if he wanted to know the names of the oysters. I tried cracking the claw with the small cracker they gave us and could not get it open. My boyfriend tried cracking it and he couldn't get it open. I flagged down our waitress and asked her if someone in the back could crack it and she said that she would get one of the shucking guys to do it. She came back out with my crab claw and told me that one of the workers cracked it with a hammer. (Isn't that how it's supposed to be done? They don't call it "stone crab" for nothing!). We finished all of the starters and waited and waited and waited for our main dishes. We waited so long that it got to the point that my boyfriend decided to go speak to someone at the bar. Our waitress came out and asked how we were doing and I said, "Hungry". She said that my crab cake was already sitting out and the steak was just being finished. Our main dishes didn't come out until 9:53! My crab cake was excellent. It was quite possibly one of the best crab cakes I've ever had in Philadelphia. My boyfriend's steak, however, was just alright. The majority of the steak was cooked rare, but was completely charred on one end. There was so much hollandaise sauce that he actually had to take some off with his fork. The preparation of his meal looked as if someone quickly slapped a meal together just to get it on the table. At the end of our meal, our waitress was very apologetic and asked if we wanted a complimentary dessert for our long wait. I'm all about dessert but we made plans to be with friends so I declined and told her that we needed to go. She stated that she would comp us a couple drinks. Our entire meal cost $119.00. As I mentioned previously, I look forward to going out and doing something fancy for my birthday so the cost really wasn't an issue. For me it was the one special night of the year and I felt like we were completely forgotten about all night. I felt like we could have had an equally delicious meal someplace else that wanted our service. An hour and 53 minutes is a ridiculous amount of time to wait on dinner.
So, I was a BIG fan of the Olde Bar before this Valentine's Day. We had reservations for 7:30 on Saturday night, super excited for a fine dining experience. Only to walk in and the whole restaurant in every room is 50 degrees, bathroom even colder. We thought it was just bitter cold outside and drafty but no -- we realized everyone was eating with their jackets on. 1st red flag. The waitress said, "it's an old building" -- so is every other building in Philadelphia lol 

Then they squished us into a little table, on top of the table behind us, when there was plenty of other seating and tables around. We were in a good mood so thought it would warm up once we got our drinks. Never got warmer. 

We did the $85 dollar tasting menu -- first apps were excellent: Oysters, shrimp and stone crab claws (a bit tiny). second courses, and third, were ok. but because it was so cold in the restaurant everything else turned cold instantly including our steak, which made it really unenjoyable. 

Service was meh --- at one point I had no water or wine and she walked past us several times. For all the money we spent, it was not the service or experience I was expecting, especially since we were WOWed the first time we were there. 

And, after getting all the way to dessert we realized we never even got our mussles that were on the list. 

She never asked us how our meal was just said let me know when you want the check. Didn't feel like complaining bc our waitress didn't seem to care anyway. Waste of $250, and we should have left and went somewhere warmer. 

Wont be back.
I am a fan of Garces other places and I was a fan of Old Bookbinders.  I decided to drop by to check out the spot and was pleased with how it felt comfortable (high-top tables & large bar area).  The decor could use a makeover, but we came for the drinks and food- so that won't stop me from enjoying van establishment if it is fairly priced.   Me and friends had some cocktails and a few drafts during our visit.  We asked about the raw and was told about buck-a-shucks at happy hour...so will be back for that for sure.

We had a few small bites- deviled eggs and beef fat fries and Iceberg Wedge.  The food was average, but I will give it a pass because it is not main dishes..entrees.   I will be back to sample more on the menu and have more drinks.  

I am happy that the Philly Institution of Bookbinders is living on through The Olde Bar's  new flavor!
Not here or there with this place.

Came here for a weekday dinner and overall I left with a blah feeling. 

It's the new look of Bookbinders - a mix of surf and turf and standard steakhouse fare. The location is nice, deep into Old City, and close to the water. Can definitely make an evening out of exploring the area. The inside has elements of a family style Italian restaurant (a la Maggiano's) with their checkered table clothes and dark wood fixtures. There are also different framed portraits of foxes - peculiar, but conversation pieces. 

For the meal I ordered the arugula salad to start. The veggies were fresh and tossed together in an olive oil vinaigrette. The ingredients were fresh but overall a basic salad with nothing spectacular.

For my meal, I asked the waiter what they had for vegetarian options. He responded by asking how serious of a vegetarian I am? Uhhh...

I got him to put together a pasta dish that was just OK. The pasta pieces weren't homogeneously al dente - some being chewy and requiring a bit of work to get through. There was some flavor from the spices they used in the sauce, but I was still fighting with the pasta at times so didn't enjoy completely without issue.

At dessert, they served me a strawberry (I think?) sorbet. It was fairly creamy for a sorbet, and I welcomed the sweet, fruity ending from the more savory elements of the whole meal. 

Overall the service could be better. I inadvertently had brought a bottle of water with me, and ended up finishing it since my water glass was never refilled during the meal! It was hard to get the waiter's attention, and we weren't checked in on during the meal to see if we required anything. 

In the end, likely won't return.  Personally don't see too many options to try and since the food and service were subpar, I don't think I'll be giving any of my future business to this business.
Monday Night Happy Hour at one of my favorite Seafood spots in the city @theoldebarphl ; The Cape May buck-a-shuck Oysters were absolutely delicious! I haven't had Oysters this good in a while honestly. I also had the happy hour special fried shrimp that were fried to perfection; and the Crab fingers are legit my favorite!  #philadelphia #philly #happyhour #seafood #crabs #shrimp #oyster #foodporn #food #foodphotography #water
I was really looking forward to trying out this spot for the first time. I went there this weekend after just having some amazing food at Zahav 2 blocks away. 
Olde Bar looked pretty good on the inside - about like I'd expect. Very dark, but charming. 

Several things went wrong:
1) Seemingly 5 bartenders, but no one really seemed to care to serve us even though I'd say the place was at about 30% capacity.
2) We ordered 2 items to eat: Seafood Remoulade (it didn't taste bad, just super bland for 20 bucks). Also ordered Golden Buck (our experience with this was a fairly stale piece of bread with some gravy on it, topped by an egg. All yours for 10 bucks.). In general no one really seemed to care if we liked the food or not - they were having a good time talking with each other. 
3) After finishing my cocktail, I ask for another. My wife was drinking cava. Bartender asks then if we both want a new round. We say yes, and bartender proceeds to pour more cava into my wife's first cava, which is only half finished. Failure Bartending 101. Still charges for 2 cavas. 

I didn't even protest anything because I honestly just wanted to leave. Dropped about $100 on this experience. Disappointed.  Sorry - I really wanted to like this place.
Not that great. We stopped in for cocktails after dinner and neither was that good. The service was slow - despite several people standing around, they apparently did not help each other and the person taking care of us was nowhere to be seen. The bar wasn't very busy either. I'd been wanting to try this place but was pretty let down.
To preface this, I just want to say that I realize this bar is new despite its old location, and that it is most likely still finding itself. I plan to give it a little while and return, then update my review accordingly.

The doorman is very friendly and pleasant, so you feel welcome right away. The interior of the bar is of course beautiful, and it was great to see that they polished up the old architecture rather than trying to "update" it or doing something else silly. My friend and I sat at the bar. 

There were four bar tenders working behind the bar simultaneously. At first I thought they each had a section of the bar to take care of, but they were all crossing over each other and at times getting in each other's way. For most of the night there were two bar tenders right near us without much to do (although when they weren't serving they were polishing, organizing - definitely not just standing around, and for that I give them lots of credit). Then, when we were ready to pay and leave, it took a long time to get someone's attention. This is probably one of those things that will get worked out over time so that the bar runs like a well-oiled machine, and I hope to go back and find out.

When the bar tender asked what we wanted to drink, my friend asked what whiskey drinks they make very well. She does this often, and at most places we've been the response is usually a pause followed by a couple of suggestions, and at some gutsy places they don't say anything and just make the magic happen. The response at The Olde Bar was "We make everything very well." Not only is this not true, it demonstrates a lack of understanding of the bar's/bartender's strengths. The drinks definitely weren't bad, but they weren't amazing. Again, I'm sure they're working on their drinks and I look forward to coming back and giving them another try.
The Olde Bar does not disappoint! The interior is gorgeous and the outdoor seating is great. No complaints on service - I was seated quickly and the servers were always attentive, friendly and helpful with suggestions. 

Food: I've only had apps so far, but the Buffalo cauliflower and especially the crab fingers are on point! I definitely want to try the rest of the menu items.

Happy hour: Great prices, but I wish they had an option for a well cocktail. The happy hour drinks menu includes wine and beer options, but only two cocktails (the sugary and strong fishbowl bunch and bartender's choice). As someone who loves a cocktail but is not a fan of sweet/sugary drinks, I felt a little left out and ended up having to order off the regular drink menu (defeating the point of happy hour). I really hope they make an adjustment to this option in the future!

A random note, but my most recent visit was in the winter on a very cold day. We were excited to finally be able to sit indoors (due to COVID). However when I used the restroom, there was absolutely no heat. The restroom was frigid! I'm not sure if that was a one off, but was pretty uncomfortable.
Stopped by for happy hour, which is 5-7PM Monday through Friday and 4-6PM weekends. $1 oysters!!!

- Blue point oysters: These were the happy hour oysters. Large, meaty east coast oysters. Shucked well. 
- Roll mops: Interesting anchovy snack with pickled cucumbers and soured cream. Nice and salty. 
- Golden buck: If you like cheese go for this one. It's basically bread with a cheddar cheese sauce mixed with an oxtail marmalade topped with a runny egg. The citrus of the marmalade overpowered a bit too much in this dish. 
- Beef cut fries: Comes with old bay mayo. 
- Snapper soup: Perfect choice for a cold day =) Well seasoned soup with little pieces of turtle meat and veggies. Garnished with a hard boiled quail egg and served with a small dish of sherry espuma. A spoonful of the sherry espuma added to my soup was enough for me, just to add a little kick. Great version of a classic soup.
Price is way to unreasonable. The appetizers and desserts are subpar. Impressive numerous selection of whisky. Sublime atmosphere and super nice restroom though!
Hands down one of the best happy hours in the city. Buck a shuck Delaware oysters. Unbelievably good deal. Big plump perfect. Good drinks at very good prices in one of the classic bars in the world. The bartender Rob was a total pro and can make anything. The room looks great and I haven't been here in 20 years. What a treat! I'm so happy they restored the original and paid due respect to this venerable space. I can't wait to go back! 2 dozen next time!
Since we were seeing a movie at Ritz East last night, we thought to check out the nearby Olde Bar for Happy Hour and dinner. It was the buck a shuck oysters that really drew us in, but Olde Bar does offer a lot, if you give it a chance. Olde Bar does happy hour daily, and their offerings are delicious and portions are generous. When we first entered, the bar area was already packed, but the host in the front let us know happy hour would still apply even if we didn't sit at the bar. He then led us to a quaint, dining room, where we were later joined by other patrons. My husband and I both order a bunch of things off the happy hour menu including two house reds, a dozen of oysters, tater tots, buffalo cauliflower, and crab fingers. Since I wasn't sure if we would have enough food, we ordered some rolls and the clam chowder too. Food came out quickly and tasted fresh and delicious. Honestly, I was really blown away by the value and the quality that we were getting for happy hour at Olde Bar. I didn't even realize this was a Jose Garces restaurant, but if you are in the area, you should definitely check out Olde Bar over Amada, because the happy hour here is so much better.
Can't believe I didn't know about this earlier! This is such a cute place. There's happy hour on weekdays and weekends! 

They offer mainly seafood which is great for seafood lovers! I came here during happy hour. We ordered a dozen of $1 oysters, tater tots, crab fingers, and deviled eggs. 

My favorites were $1 oysters and the crab fingers. The crab fingers were basically leftover crab claws lol. But it was really good with the garlic butter sauce. The tater tots were unique; different from fast food tater tots. Deviled eggs were good; it was mixed with chicken liver and topped with chicken skin.

For entrees, I got the lobster roll and my fiancé for the fried oyster roll. This lobster roll was good but it didn't wow me. Same with the fried oyster roll. Wouldn't mind going again and trying other stuff.
I attended a corporate dinner here and we had the entire back room. There was a well stocked oyster bar and nice open bar with multiple selections. All of the passes appetizers were very tasty- lamb meatballs, shrimp, bacon wrapped dates, Kobe beef, and various others. The house salad was plentiful and the steak cooked perfectly.
Jose Garces is a very talented chef, but this time he was simply telephoning it in, probably as an easy way to get paid a fee.  The concept and the food do not do justice to any of his previous restaurants.

The old bar itself is one of the classic rooms and beautiful bars of the early 20th century and is a joy to see preserved.  But the setup in the bar is not customer friendly.  The few booths on the one wall are what this was supposed to be.  The closely packed high-top tables with uncomfortable stools fills the room, making serving difficult and seating precarious.  The spare and uninteresting back room dining space is without interest and seats about 40.

And now the food.  I love fried belly clams and theirs were terrible.  They were served in a metal cup used for french fried potatoes, and Garces should have known that they would steam in there and become soggy little lumps, without the crunch and crisp texture of good fried clams.  The fish and chips were simply terrible.  There was virtually no taste of fish, as the actual fish pieces were about the size of my index finger wrapped in thick doughy batter.  The fries were (proudly so?) fried in beef fat, which added an off taste, and were also soggy and greasy.  The soup was overly floured and was thick glop, with a nice taste, but poor texture.

The saving grace (and the reason for the 2 stars, is the excellent service and well trained staff, who did their very best with a poor product.  I am pleased that the owners of this classic building are trying to resurrect its past glory, but this incarnation is a far cry from the kind of fish house that previously made the city proud.
First time in here for dinner on Mother's Day. I have been to happy hour a few times and always left happy. I decided to take my mother here because her parents used to always bring her as a kid for lobster on their visits to Philadelphia. Needless to say she was shocked and super excited!

They sat us at a corner table in the room separate from the bar which was nice..
Our waitress was very friendly and made an effort to make conversation..turns out she has a lot of family where I grew up.

We ordered the buffalo cauliflower and a wedge salad with their house dressing. I thought both were great however my mom thought the cauliflower was a little too spicy...

For entrees mom ordered the lobster dinner which was HUGE it came with herby, buttery corn (which i think you are supposed to use as the drawn butter) and a bunch of little potatoes (they reminded me of "salt potatoes".
I went with the waitress's recommendation of the crab cake which was a great choice. It was lightly breaded on the outside and lots of crab on the inside very little "filler" There was an awesome lemon curd sauce that was presented with it which made it the crab cake seem light and summery which was awesome since it was such a hot day.

We were so full we couldn't even stomach to have dessert and we certainly had our eye on the baked Alaska for 2.

Overall we had a wonderful Mother's Day dinner with great service and a very classic atmosphere.
Sometimes you just have to give credit for a great idea.  Jose Garces's decision to open up the bar and adjoining room in the totally historic Old Original Bookbinders was brilliant.  Choose a simple name - The Olde Bar - highlight oysters and back it up with a limited but varied enough food and drink menu .... and you're off and running.  And The Olde Bar has not stopped since its opening.  Some special things here include a delicious Fish House Punch (America's first cocktail originating in Colonial Philadelphia) and a seven-day-a-week Happy Hour.  And with buck-a-shucks offered at Happy Hour as well as the opportunity of drinking & dining in this historic old-time atmosphere,  you just can't beat this place.  So join it!
*** Seems as though the majority of the low raters are based on interactions with bartenders and pricing, which I had no issues with during my brunch meal. *** 

The Olde Bar is Iron Chef Jose Garces' contemporary oyster saloon in Old City. It's a memorable and distinct space that pays homage to the landmark Old Original Bookbinder's, a seafood restaurant steeped in historic tradition stemming back to the late 1800's. Chef's deference is reflected in the menu as well, which includes a modern take on the Old Original Bookbinder's snapping turtle soup! 

The main dining and bar area extends beyond to two distinct event spaces, the Blackburn and Vessel Rooms. So if you're interested in hosting private events, The Olde Bar has got you covered. There also aren't many restaurants in Philly where you can enjoy your meal and indulge in a quick tour of an historic space. 

Beat'n Horse Thief [$14]
El Dorado 8 year rum, aperol, beet & horseradish syrup, lemon, cherry shrub

The GF and I started off our brunch with some cocktails, including the Beat'n Horse Thief. We absolutely loved the rum-based specialty cocktail, which featured sweet grassy notes from the beet syrup, along with some kick from the horseradish to offset the smooth, sweet rum. 

Caesar Bloody Mary [$12]
Tomato juice, clam juice, horseradish

We also indulged in the Caesar bloody mary, which featured a subtle brininess from the clam juice and a slight kick from the horseradish. While prototypically peppery, this drink showed restraint - perfect to enjoy and not overtake a dozen of Olde Bar's finest oysters. Speaking of which ...

Dozen Oysters [East Coast $3/pc. | West Coast $3.50/pc.]

A dozen beautifully-arranged oysters ranging from bold Glidden Points to crisp and buttery Choptantz and Cape May salts were brought forth. Traditional accoutrements were provided, but I was more in favor of letting the gorgeous bivalves shine on their own. Be sure to stop by during Happy Hour for Buck-a-Shuck. And if you're averse to the raw persuasion, expand your palette with the Oysters Belmont, baked with bacon, spinach, manchego, and fennel. Pro tip? They're only $5 on Thursdays from 5-8PM! 

Olde Bar Fries [$14]
Crab, lobster butter, oyster stoudt, cheddar fondue

A must order in my mind are the Olde Bar fries, which features incredibly crisp, beef fat fries, topped with an abundant mound of jumbo lump crab, gorgeous lobster butter, and a ladle of oyster stoudt and cheddar fondue. To. Die. For. As much as I love the Village Whiskey duck fat fries topped with short ribs and Sly Fox cheddar, this has to be my favorite Jose Garces fries! 

Crab Benedict [$14]
Jumbo lump crab, country ham, lobster butter, poached eggs, bernaise

The crab benedict featured even more jumbo lump crab alongside rounded brioche, topped with country ham, wonderfully runny poached eggs, and a rich lobster butter bernaise that amplified the seafood essence in this dish. 

French Toast [$14]
Brioche, toasted coconut, berries, bourbon candied pecans, whipped cream

But the surprise of the meal for me had to be the dish I probably wouldn't have ordered from the brunch menu. In fact, The Olde Bar might have the best french toast I've ever had at brunch - quite a statement I know! Sure, Philly has Sabrina's and Green Eggs Cafe's and their reputable stuffed french toasts. But the texture on The Olde Bar's bad boys have those beat by a mile. The brioche almost had a lightly deep-fried mouth-feel on the exterior, revealing light and pillowy airiness within. Bourbon candied pecans offered sweet crunch, offset by the tartness of the berries. Drizzled in syrup and whipped cream, this was the perfect ending to a wonderful brunch meal. 

As with all Jose Garces restaurants, service was great. Our server, Matt, and all of the runners were extremely knowledgeable and affable. I'd highly recommend stopping by for brunch and for Happy Hour. I know I'll have to stop by again to try the snapper soup and enjoy the dinner menu! 

Full disclosure: I was hosted by the Olde Bar, but was not required to write this review and my opinions are mine alone. Figured the pics and thoughts might be helpful to some!
Extraordinarily expensive snacks and a food menu that's about 6 items long. Complimentary "hot buttered rolls" were dry and not worth the caloric intake. My mother-in-law ordered a $24 lobster roll sans roll, and received about 1/2 cup of lobster in return. My wedge salad was a disgrace with wilted iceberg and literally, two other ingredients (tomato and egg). Fried oysters could have come from a fast food joint. And the mussels? Tough and flavorless.

I'd return to The Olde Bar for $1 Oysters and $5 wine, but that's about it.
Visited this hidden gem with some of my girls. Seated outside due to covid but the view was really pleasant. The road was blocked off which made the experience even better. Our server Steve was training drew and you can tell Steve knew what he was doing. He was extremely attentive and friendly. We started with the crab finger and olde bar fries which was delicious. We kept wishing we didn't actually order a meal and order an entree version of this that's how good this was. The seasoning and the butter sauce was to die for!  Which is exactly what I did I order another round of fries and was satisfied I also tried the burger which was delicious! Will definitely be coming back to this restaurant!
Great place for HH oysters. The drinks are also good and same with the fries. I wasn't a big fan of the buffalo cauliflower, it was basically roasted cauliflower with some buffalo sauce on top; nothing special. I'd be interested to come back to dine in for dinner. The interior was very cozy, great for a date night.
First and foremost this trendy spot is definitely over priced, but you gotta hand it to 'em.. It is delicious! Their cocktail menu is very vast and unique.. A friend ordered the Negroni and loved it! We ordered multiple apps including the Fanny Bay oysters, deviled eggs, and olde bar fries.. The oysters were delicious, but I would probably not order the fries again.. Nothing special. We also ordered the clam chowder which was the bomb.. Very flavorful. For dinner I ordered the lobster roll (MP $26 but had to do it) and it was AWESOME!! Not a standard cold, mayo lobster salad but rather a warm buttery lobster on yummy toast. I definitely suggest that if you're unsure what to get.. But if you're craving seafood, it will be a hard decision with this place!
Stumbled upon the Olde Bar while walking around and waiting to catch a ferry for a SBC concert... definitely glad we did. Although the regular menu items were a bit pricey, we caught the Saturday happy hour specials ($4 bartender choice draft, $5 fries and battered shrimp, buck a shuck Delaware bay oysters). The bartenders were friendly, and our food came out quick. Everything was extremely delicious, and we will definitely be coming back soon.

Other than the good food and the friendly service, the atmosphere was great - a vintage, historic feel with countless overflowing candlebras on the bar. If you're on a budget, I'd definitely recommend this place for a go to happy hour spot.
Fancy place to impress a date and interesting drinks but the food falls extremely short in flavor and not worth the price of admission by a long shot.

I've tried this place several times now and am officially scraping this off my list of places to go with a hard no. Ordered a $22 Shrimp Po Boy which I forced myself to finish....again this item has legit over 3k worth of sodium no doubt and I would not eat it again if you paid me.

Across the street is Poistano's Coast which is a beautiful location you can dine overlooking olde city and do not have to have lackluster food in the olde bar.

Do yourself and your money a favor and spend it somewhere else. One star for ambience, one star for drink menu, zero stars food.
Popped in for a quick drink and some oysters on a Friday night. The Fish House Punch is still an outstanding little cocktail and the Buck a Shuck oysters are always fresh and delicious. Happy Hour here is a can't miss. Love it.
We went for cocktails. My parents like the negroni and old fashioned type cocktails. The bartenders were able to educate them on some of the variations that they could make at home using the what their favorites are. My wife and I are fans of the mixed drinks with more than just hard liquor, for example egg whites/cucumber/mint/etc. Every drink was expertly made, the alcohol tastes were very smooth, well blended. We'll be back for buck a shuck oysters!
This bar and restaurant is open and following all safety rules for Covid. What a nice spot! Fast and friendly service. We ordered the olds bar fries, shrimp seafood roll and the jumbo lump crab cake. Everything we ordered was cooked perfectly. Incredible taste. But what we really loved was how well we were served and treated. I'd recommend this establishment any time.
This past Thursday, I came in for an 8pm gin and tonic meet up with a former coworker. The Olde Bar is located all the way on the edge of Old City, which may be a reason why the place was very quiet and there wasn't too much foot traffic.

That being said, our bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, recommending his favorite gins and allowing us to sniff each one - they all did have very different scents! My coworker ended up going with the Bluecoat Barrel Finished, while I had the Barr Hill, which is made with raw honey up in Vermont - pretty delicious and definitely one of the better gin and tonics I've had.

We also ended up ordering some small dishes - settling on the mussels and the buffalo cauliflower. Both were quite good - the mussels came with this really lovely chorizo-tomato broth, which we think was thickened by almond milk (?) - either way, it was delicious! The buffalo cauliflower came lightly fried and had a great spicy kick to it. We also received complimentary Parker House rolls. Fluffy, slightly sweet, and with flakes of salt on top, they were so good, I strongly considered asking the bartender to pack the two that we were not able to finish.

My coworker ended up covering the meal so I'm not sure what the price of the drinks was; our appetizers were reasonably priced at $9 for the cauliflower and $15 for the mussels. The food is good, but honestly not so spectacular that I'd make the trek all the way down from Center City to Olde Bar on a regular basis. However, the atmosphere is quite special, as the space used to house the storied Bookbinders, and the service was great, so if I find myself needing a bite in the area, I'd would happily stop by Olde Bar.
My lover and I were gamboling around the city, taking a lover's walk, if you will.  We had just come from the lovely Welshly Arms Hotel, where the hot tub was under routine maintenance and disinfecting.  While on our lover's walk, hand in hand with my lover, the heat of her body radiating off of her like an erotic miasma, we came across the Olde Bar.  Wanting oysters and clams to enhance my already-potent libido, we entered the establishment.
The cockles did not disappoint.  My lover and I fed each other the fresh, salty seafood, mignonette dripping down my beard and pooling in my lap.  I devoured a lobster roll as my lover licked the cheese off of a welsh rarebit.  All the while, our legs intertwined under the table, like a secret worth telling but worth keeping all the same.  
We left the Olde Bar, shirts drenched in sweat and melted butter, doggy bags filled to the brim with beef fat fries, as we embarked on another lover's walk.
Besides the uncanny bad service for an upscale old city restaurant, the food isn't that awesome. Steak Oscar was over done, cut into three large slices (that's a first for me). I love the buck a shuck, but that's about it.

After a bad dinner experience we said why not go back for the buck a shuck at least. We were seated and once we let our server know that we were getting oysters she repeated our order, looked away, and then walked away. Strangest thing that's happened to me in a restaurant. We then order some of the $5 apps and the same attitude. Like she was pissed that we were going to have a $100 bill. My girlfriend watched her do the same thing to another table. I wanted to leave immediately but we have a 2 year old son and don't get many times to eat out by ourselves.

It feels like the last time Garces was there, was when he wrote the 6 entree menu a year ago. It's obvious there is no leadership, and those who have had the main menu are only coming back for happy hour. No mas, no mas
Really disappointing experience. We decided to start our Friday night here and we were excited to check out this place. We sat at the bar since there were only two other groups there. We asked about the food options and the bartender informed us that the kitchen was closed. This is where the staff was flawed: instead of a quick apology and taking our drink order, they instead told us to go someplace else down the street to eat. We had to explain to them that we were here for their drinks and that eating wasn't our main priority. It was surprising that a nearly empty bar on a Friday night would actually send away customers instead of trying to keep their business. We stayed and ordered one round since this interaction made us feel unwelcome. 

I ordered the pepper pot - delicious! If you like a peppery-ginger taste, then order this!!

The two bartenders spoke to the other two small groups at the bar - instead of us, so after finishing our first round we asked for the bill. Only once I put on my coat did someone come over and ask how I enjoyed my drink. I raved about it because I've never had anything like it. It's strange that the staff didn't recognize that a simple conversation with their patrons would have kept us there for one more round - increasing their business.

We typically look for bars that have great mixologists because we enjoy the interaction with them and their conversation. I would understand being ignored IF they were busy, but not under these circumstances.
I would rate this as one of the list of best bars in the U.S.A. to go to. My wife and I sat at the bar, which we don't normally do, and were served by a quintessentially professional bartender/server that should teach classes. His suggestions and food to cocktail pairings were on point. Some of the best raw oyster assortments one could have with a perfectly executed Hendrick's Gin martini, (perfectly a bit on the dirty side like I requested), with cocktail onions instead of olives as requested.
They also have incredible beer and wine choices and you can tell their leader cares enough to train customer service and suggestive selling. Well done gang!
We went to Olde Bar on 2/13 (Saturday night).  

We loved the Garces restaurants in the past, so looked forward to what we hoped would be a reinvention of a tired Original Bookbinders. Sadly, this was less reinvention than a reopening - with notable misses in execution. Decor is basically Original Bookbinders. Front of house staff seemed lost - kept telling us our table was "almost ready" and looking confused.  We were seated originally at a table near the front, which was literally FREEZING.  I would have had to eat in my parka.  Got moved to a table near the back, which was a little better.  Hostess says "It's an old building..."  Yes - but should diners be prepared to eat in the tundra?  Every building in Philly is old, no?  

Wine list is extremely limited - 4 red wines on the list (a pinot noir, rioja, a barbera, and a "house" wine). More whites/sparkling (7/6 options), and a lot of specialty cocktails. OK, so it's not for a wine-drinking crowd. Rioja was $48, but was truly mediocre. 

The menu is pub fare, with oysters thrown in for interest. We ordered oysters (very nice), Olde Bar fries (thick cut fries w/ crabmeat and cheese sauce - tasty), snapper soup (more on that later), burger, crabcake, and strawberry shortcake. 

The snapper soup was an unmitigated disaster. It was brought out with a side of frothed sherry cream, garnished with a hardboiled, split quail egg. While the bowl was hot, it appeared that the soup had been sitting for some time, as the top of the soup had hardened into an extremely unpleasant "skin", into which the split quail egg was embedded. Even more unpleasant, when I looked at the side of sherry cream, there was a hair right in the middle of it. We decided it wasn't a good night for soup, so sent it back and cancelled the order. No soup for you!

The burger was good - but we've had better burgers at SmashBurger. Came with a side of what can only be described as extremely thick, limp, and oily potato "chips."  Either that, or thin, soggy, oily potato slices.  Regardless, unappetizing to say the least.

Crabcake was nothing special, but ok. There was an odd lemon curd sauce on the side that did nothing to complement. 

Service was overall very good. However, given the disaster of the soup, I would have at least have thought we would have been comped on dessert. The dinner was over $200 with tip, and for that price, Olde Bar was an absolute underperformer - I would put it on my "bottom 3" of worst meals at the Philly restaurant scene (and we've enjoyed the Philly resto scene for 20 years). We've come to expect much more from Garces, but even without the recognized name, it was a poor showing for any chef.
Best oysters hands down!! Sat at the bar and enjoyed their happy hour to the fullest extent. Very cool interior and great location. Only con was the bartenders. They had a major attitude and weren't attentive at all. 


Can't wait to go back to Philly and check this place out again for the happy hour!
I have been attempting to visit The Olde Bar for months now in order to take advantage of their Saturday Happy Hour (Saturday, downtown, 4-6?  YES PLEASE).  Unfortunately on every occasion the bar has been booked for a private party, so I have gone away disappointed.  

CALL AHEAD TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE OPEN!!!

Finally, this past Saturday, they were.  

We arrived at 4pm sharp, and the bar was already half-full.  This is an old-school establishment, lots of dark wood, high ceilings, old(ish) fixtures, tiled floor, cozy booths, high top tables and a long wooden bar with their daily oysters showcased in ice.  Our server (Candy) greeted us immediately upon our being seated, and proceeded to provide professional, courteous, attentive and perfect service.  Questions were answered clearly and with obvious knowledge and understanding of the menu.  Drinks arrived promptly after being ordered, plates were removed soon after being finished, but at no point did Candy seem to be hovering or rush us.  Best service I've experienced in a long time!

To the food - happy hour buck-a-shuck oysters were fresh and delicious, clean and free of grit or sand.  The beef fat fries are amazing and addicting, the fried shrimp a bit on the greasy side but tasty, the rarebit apparently off (our friends had in on another visit and said this one was lacking), the deviled eggs a fun little bite,  and the Buffalo cauliflower shocking satisfying.  All appetizers were $5 - great deal in Old City! Drinks were also quite good, with the Fish House Punch the standout boozy tart star.  The Olde Bar Oyster Stout was thick and malty (I didn't ask who brewed it for them) and at $4 a deal as well.  The happy hour menu lists house red and white wine at $5, and staff choice draft beer at $4.  

The entire bar was neat and clean, and as stated before the staff kept the table clean during dining.  Bathrooms are immaculate.  

I have yet to dine at the Olde Bar, but after this Saturday Happy Hour visit I fully intend to as soon as possible.  

And once again, thanks Candy!
Buck a Shuck Happy Hour!

Checked out Olde Bar on a Saturday for their happy hour specials.  Even the cold didn't keep the crowds down, but I'm happy to report happy hour applies in the dining room as well as the bar!  We sat down and ordered our 1st dozen.  The only rule seems to be that you have to order a dozen at a time and finish them before the next round arrives.  I can take out a dozen pretty quickly but appreciate them wanting to keep the oysters fresh.  The special were blue points and may have been the best oysters I've had in the city.  They barely needed any lemon or vinaigrette.  Of coiurse, their vinaigrette was awesome.  The only complaint we could come up with was the horseradish was weak.

As for drinks, I went with the Fish House Punch.  It was also included in the happy hour special.  Wow.  The balance was great with a hint of nutmeg.  I was going to sample another cocktail, but decided another punch was the way to go.

I'll be back for another happy hour for sure and am thinking I need to try their fish and chips as well...
The hubs and I dined here during Center City restaurant week. I had been trying to grab dinner at The Olde Bar before covid's arrival. So, I was amped to grab a reservation during restaurant week.

I was surprised to see the spacious dining area at the establishment. The tables were spread out, so you had more than enough room to move about freely (and not sit elbow to elbow with strangers). Our waiter greeted us and we ordered drinks and appetizers. I loved that we happen to visit The Olde Bar during Happy Hour. Therefore, we were able to choose some appetizers from the Happy Hour menu. We chose the crab fingers, and fried oysters. Additionally, we went with the restaurant week menu, which consisted of 3 courses. I opted to try the crab and corn chowder, the fried chicken, and cheesecake (for dessert). Hubs opted to try the crab and corn chowder, lobster roll, and cheesecake (for dessert).

The crab fingers and oysters arrived quickly. Both were divine. The lemon butter sauce for the crab fingers was light and tasty. The oysters were fresh out of the fryer. The aioli and oysters were a perfect pair. I had never eaten fried oysters before. I feel The Olde Bar did a fabulous job on the appetizers.

Next up, entrees. Ahhhhh, my fried chicken was sooo good. It had a crunchy, well-seasoned coating that I enjoyed. The fries were okay, I felt they could have been fresher. I still enjoyed the flavor, just wish they were as fresh as the chicken. Hubs liked the lobster roll. It was the first time he ever had one, but he said it was good. He felt the fries should have been fresh too. On to dessert. Our desserts arrived really fast. The small slices of cheesecake were PERFECT! We were very happy to end our meal on a lighter note. The cheesecake was a great way to wrap up dinner. 

Overall, The Olde Bar was a great choice for us. We enjoyed our experience and would like to return soon.
I've been a handful of times for dinner and always came away feeling satisfied. The olde bar fries are a dynamite and sinful appetizer to get. Good cocktails also!

They have a good happy hour. I find myself coming here once or twice a month for the fish house punch, crab fingers, and fried shrimp. All very good and CHEAP! if you're ever in the area stop in (happy hour 7 days / week)
To be or not to be a baller....

I started with the Rum Punch, this drink is in a unique glass sprinkled with what looks like gold dusk, sort of like the gold dusk in goldschlanger liquor bottles. The drink priced at $8 is a much better move then the glass of cabernet at a price point of $14....order two of those and you will be sorry when the check comes...take it from me after you read the full review and the final bill.

Started with the Red Snapper soup - Mi amore!! First off I love me some snapper soup and its not easy to find for one thing! Most places load it with more salt then about ten boullion cubes combined (just an FYI - a single boullion cube has just shy of 1k mg of sodium. This soup is almost perfect losing just one star for not being hot enough.

Followed by the Soup I dined on some Oysters both East Coast and West Coast - An order of 4 only ran 13 bucks and they were good however in the future only go when it is buck a shuck which they do offer along with happy hour. The Oyster were good but defintely not the best thing since sliced bread thats for sure.

Now for what I came in here for - There Glorious looking and I do not attach the adjective Glory lighly with anything or anyone there GLORIOUS OLDE BAR FRIES. The most excellent presentation of french fries the world has ever seen.The fries consist of Crab, Lobster Butter, Oyster Stoudt and Cheddar Fondue. GLORRRRIOUSSS!! These did not disappoint however be forewarned you can get an entire burger and regular fries for $18 or these fries without the burger for $15 (To be a baller or not well what are you?)

Lastly, to finish the meal enduged in some buffalo califlower....very good accompaniment to a meal.  Booze consisteed of three glasses of wine and the Rum Punch with the aforementioned food above total bill with tip $128. If i went back it would be for Happy Hour but I was definitely satisfied with the experience of The Olde Bar! Enjoy and SYOY!!
I've been here twice- once for brunch and once for drinks.

Brunch was decent, not too many choices, nothing extraordinary.

When we came for drinks we were excited knowing they serve creative originals and traditional classics all made the right way and in appropriate glasswear.

However, our experience with the bartenders was terrible. We sat at the bar and anytime we asked a question or tried to communicate, we got an eye roll and a short, curt answer if we were lucky.  

One of the bartenders was making an intricate drink right in front of us and, intrigued, we asked what it was. His response? "A drink." I tried one more time because I'm trying to learn more about cocktails and mixology, so I asked "oh which one on the menu is it?" He replied, with an eye roll, "the one with syrups, an egg white, and alcohol." Oooooook. Thanks bud.

I understand bartenders have to put up with a lot, but we were just relaxing and trying to learn a little- no need to be rude, especially in the service biz.

The shining moment of our evening was when we met Chris, a bar back who was happy to take some time explaining g his favorite cocktails here and making suggestions based on what we were looking for. Promote Chris!
I'm all for going back to the Olde Bar during happy hour to grab a drink and snack at the bar. The ambiance is stellar and, from what I did try, the place sure does have great potential. But, boy, those prices!

First: Shout-out to our awesome server. She was very nice and accommodating! Everyone working seemed to be really friendly, and that's great.

For my first visit, I went with the $12 Clover Club (Bluecoat Gin, Dolin Vermouth, raspberry syrup, lemon, egg white) from their signature cocktail list. This was good, but small for the price and a bit too sweet for me. There was also a bunch of foam on top that took away from the drink.

The food menu is based heavily in seafood offerings, so keep that in mind. I'm not big on fish so I ordered the $8 beef fat fries with old bay mayo. Definitely a generous portion size! The mayo was a fine complement too.

Overall, I enjoyed my time here. Best of luck, Olde Bar!
We came in here just to have drinks at 7pm on a Friday night and were able to grab a seat at the bar which was not a problem at all. The bartenders were very attentive and immediately served us. First I had a whisky sour and my date ordered the pepper pot. I liked the ginger flavor with the hint of pepper so much that he switched drinks with me. (I know he's a great guy) 
however the highlight of our evening was the gin fizz that I ordered. I never knew how much work goes into this drink so please appreciate the next time you order one here. I had the pleasure of popping Kevin's "the bartender in training" gin fizz cherry. He has to shake this drink made with love until the 2 ice cubes are dissolved and then pour to a perfect head! He did awesome and there's a pic to prove it.
Everything was fantastic. I'm confused as to why it wasn't packed. So cool to be in the old Bookbinders spot. Amazing oysters presentation and cocktails to start. The entrees were very tasty, tho you will want to supplement with apps. Gluten free options as well. Service was top knotch.
Had the valentines prefixed menu... Which was good not great. First shrimp
In appetizer was spoiled but they replaced it and it was fine. The most disturbing things were 1. the bathrooms were freezing and a constant draft came from there forcing us to wear our coat 2. The woodwork waynescoat had a thick coat of dust. It was a big disappointment for Garces.
Olde Bar probably has one of the best happy hours in Philadelphia. We love this place - it's never too crowded because it's a little out of the way, and doesn't look like a restaurant from the outside.

Their long list of cocktails doesn't disappoint. The ambience is fantastic - though it might be a little dark for some. You definitely want to check the website for any closings since they often have weddings there. Overall, a great find.
Even the bartender had to do a double take when he printed my check for 3 old fashioneds at $24 each. I don't care how "high end" you position your bar, be fair. We also ordered 18 of the buck a schuck oysters and they were so unremarkable and bland, we left a few on the plate. So many other great bars in Philly, don't waste your time and money here.
Since the initial announcement of this newest gem in Jose Garces crown, I've been chomping at the bit to visit. I'm a huge Jose Garces fan so the idea of combining his talents and those of his staff with the rich history of Bookbinders made me as giddy as a middle age man could be. I visited in Friday the 23rd during their second week of operation so please read this review with that in mind. 

We arrived around 5:15 and there was already a 30 minute wait. Not a big deal as the hostess was welcoming and we were even able to get drinks in the waiting room. The wait list is monitored by the NOWAIT ap on your mobile phone so you can quickly check your place in line and the approximate time until your table will be ready. Very cool stuff. Also, as noted by another reviewer, the wait room isn't particularly welcoming but I didn't come here for the waiting area. 

Once seated our waitress Nanci was great. Attentive, knowledgable and engaging. She made excellent drink and food recommendations including The Golden Buck and Fried Belly Clams. Both were excellent. We were seated just before the end of happy hour so we also grabbed 6 oysters at only $1 each. They were excellent. 

For drinks, my wife had a couple High Society (which she couldn't stop celebrating) and I took Nanci's suggestion and ordered a Fire When Ready, Gridley. Like all Garces Restaurants, the drinks were excellent. 

Now for the let down. We split a lobster. It was about 1.5 lbs and is beautifully presented in a large bowled platter with drawn butter. Unfortunately, the claw meat was stuck to the shell even though the claws had been split. The tail meat lacked flavor and was frankly almost inedible. It was extremely dry and if I didn't know better from Jose Garces' reputation, I'd swear it was frozen. At $42 it wasn't the most expensive lobster I've had but it also fell dramatically short of the rest of the meal. I can frankly get a better lobster at Millers Ale House in NE Philly for $15. It was the only big let down of the evening. 

We did mention the lobster to Nanci who was a bit worried as she did recommend it but that was the end of the discussion. No apology offer to replace it. We finished the dish and ordered desert. 

The Strawberry Shortcake was a new take on the classic. Layered cake, strawberries and cream covered in a strawberry gelatinous glaze. Not bad but also not worthy of ordering again.  Definitely large for one person but note quite a two person desert as it appears on the menu. 

Overall, it was an above average experience and I will try it again in the future but the lobster and a somewhat average to perhaps below average desert too away 2 stars. I hope to be able to increase the review in the future after a second visit.
I was lucky enough to go here during restaurant week and was greatly impressed. I got the buffalo cauliflower, the fried chicken, and me and my mom shared the two desserts (strawberry shortcake and a chocolate cake type dessert). I could eat the buffalo cauliflower everyday for the rest of my life. It's one of those dishes that truly makes you realize you could live without meat (hypothetically, seeing as I also ordered the fried chicken). There is, however, a very light batter on the cauliflower which gives it a bit of a fried taste which can be a little upsetting for my stomach, and this was no different. The fried chicken meat and breading were very good, however the breading slid right off the meat making it hard to really get a good bite of meat and crispy skin. The fries were really good, but the sauce was a bit overwhelming and seemed to drown out some of the fries.  My mom ordered a burger medium and it was raw ground beef inside but the restaurant was great about comping us. The waitress was super nice, but I think she was a little uncomfortable once we told her the issue with our meal, but she continued to provide excellent service. The outdoor dining and wonderful weather made for a truly great experience. Lastly, the fish house punch was one of the best cocktails I ever had - I do recommend, but not if you're planning on driving.
Popped in on a Friday night right before 7, and I am so glad we did... it was happy hour! And what exactly does that mean??? BUCK A SHUCK. Sign me up for all of them, please. Seriously, we got 24 oysters for $24 bucks and they were fresh, plump and tasty. We also got the crab fingers (arguably the best item on the menu) for $5. And again we ordered the olde bar fries. There wasn't a single morsel left when we were done with them. I don't think we've ever actually had an entree here, but screw that when there are ten million amazing apps. Just order a bunch and split 'em, you'll be good to go.
First of all, the ambiance of this place makes you feel like you should be surrounded by gangsters and crooners like Sinatra. It's a great way to get a taste of old Philly days.

Second of all, I easily had the best Old Fashioned of my life here. The aroma of this drink was enough to make me keep smelling it for minutes before I even took my first taste, and when I finally did, the mixture of flavors combined with the orange-cherry-whisky aroma put me in another world.

My only complaint....I live in Syracuse and this bar is a 4-hour drive away.
What a difference when you come here on the right night!

Came in around 6:15pm Thursday night just missing the buck a shuck oyster special and happy hour menu but lets roll with it.

Oysters - East coast will set you back $3.50 a piece, West coast oysters coming in at $4.00. My buddy and I split a dozen and wowzer if the West coast were the bigger of the two it is worth the extra 50 cents! The price isn't too crazy seeing how you are at a very fine restaurant and the atmosphere is terrific inside. 

Fish House Punch - This drink is covered with specks of Nutmeg bringing beauty to its appearance, it is strong and absolutely delicious. Pro-Tip : $6.00 during HH and $10.00 any other time.

I will come back here but I just have to be selective when coming as I still recall bringing a date here spending well over $100 and yeah, don't be that guy all I can say unless your partner is a keeper.

Definite must try if you haven't been here before for HH.

As always people SYOY!!!
This redux of Bookbinder's is a pleasant place for a happy hour drink and buck a chuck oysters. The Fish House Punch is very good. The happy hour apps are excellent. 
Comfortable bar stools are something I look for in a bar. And this place has very comfortable bar stools. There are also very cozy booths.
The high top tables are not my favorite. 
The dining area has a low noise level. The food is good. The menu selection is somewhat limited. The staff is friendly and courteous. 
If your going there for happy hour, get there early if you want to get a seat at the bar.
Think of this as my rough draft of a review for The Olde Bar. The BF and I went on the Monday post-Pope weekend, and the Olde Bar was still trying to get their footing back after a slow/disappointing weekend.

Because they had a limited menu, we didn't get the full experience we were hoping to. Having said that, the food we did have was really tasty! We went for a light dinner/happy hour and had: 6 oysters, the beef fat fries, and steamed mussels. The oysters were incredibly fresh, cleaned beautifully, and came with delicious accompanying sauces. The beef fat fries were indulgent and rich - crispy on the outside and tender inside. The steamed mussels were buttery and delicate. I wish we got more bread to soak up the delicious broth!

Our server was great - really nice, personable, and easy-going. She kept apologizing for the state of the menu/lack of full menu/slow weekend, but we assured her we could roll with the punches, which put her at ease, I think.

Based on this first go, I'd love to check out what else The Olde Bar has to offer, hopefully with a full menu!
**Olde Bar has happy hour on Sundays available throughout the whole restaurant! I originally came to Old City for Cuba Libre's $1 empanadas in honor of National Empanada Day, but it was too packed and not really a great place to talk. Walking into Olde Bar was the complete opposite - regal, classy, and good ambience. The friend I was with told me it used to be a library or bank and the old rosewood had intricate carvings - the interior design was on point. The first room of booths and the bar was full, so they seated us on the left with full table service - and they were sure to tell us that Happy Hour was offered and valid throughout the whole restaurant (YAY!) We ordered 3 snacks at $5 each: mussels, fried shrimps and steak fries in addition to a stout beer and house red wine. Our waitress was more than doting and even offered me more bread to eat the rest of my mussels with - without me even asking! Super great service, awesome ambience, clean bathrooms - what more could you ask for?

I did look at their regular menu and prices seemed pretty steep. I guess you should save this restaurant for a special occasion or nicer date night? Or when you're feeling a classy Happy Hour ;)
Happy hour buck-a-shuck oysters! Great deal. Always fresh and delicious. The service is great and the drink specials are reasonable as well.

Don't forget to try the olde bar fries mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The first restaurant I dined at in Philadelphia was Bookbinders. It was 1993 and  I did my homework before moving to this sweet city and I learned it was the place to be. I still remember it. The food, as I recall, wasn't mind blowing, but there was something about it. The restaurant spoke of history but of promise all at the same time. That was so long ago. I had never been to the Olde Bar. So I contacted my friend who is up for these sorts of things and we found ourselves at the most delightful happy hour. I was so engrossed in all that was coming to me that I neglected to take photos, but the breaded shrimp,the buffalo cauliflower, the creamy deviled eggs, the beef fat french fries and the mussels were absolutely fantastic! What a delicious and indulgent happy hour! I loved everything about it. Great drink specials, delicious food, amazing ambiance.. and we scored the over stuffed chairs by the beautiful stained glass window with which to enjoy it all. This place is all that is right about Philadelphia.
Haven't been in "Old Original Bookbinder's" in years and years - they really did a nice job preserving the original bar area (didn't see the dining room).  They just started serving Brunch on Saturdays and at 1:30 or so, we were in the minority of those eating - however the very long old bar itself was filled.

The food was very good and the staff fun and informed.

The West Coast Oysters (1/2 dozen) were served with 3 different dipping sauces but were so good they only needed a splash of lemon.  The Snapper soup, although good, was not how I remember turtle soup, theirs not as thick or as creamy as in my memory. The twist on this dish was a foamy Sherry-dollop served in a separate bowl to stir in as you ate - an enjoyable difference.  The Iceberg Wedge, a real throw-back to older times, was very good with a creamy Roquefort dressing and the Crab Benedict absolutely delicious.

So with 2 beers, before tip, the bill came to around $70.

If we are in that part of town during happy hour, the $1/oyster deal will be something to try, along with their extensive drink list.
A pleasant surprise! Stopped in on a whim a few blocks from my hotel. This place was packed and rockin with people. A lot of whom were like myself, in town for a trade show. Even though they were very busy, the bar staff was pumping out drinks and food like a fine tuned machine. Had the Crab Claws in Garlic Butter Appetizer. It was incredible! Drinks were delicious and very reasonable. I'm here all week and will most likely return again!
The concept that Chef Garces has created for this Philadelphia standard is very much appreciated and needed. The service, drinks and food were all excellent. GRG not only paid quiet homage to the Philadelphia institution but expanded and created a historical record of well executed cocktails on the menu. It was wonderful to see such cocktails as the Last Word invented at the Detroit Athletic Club and the Pegu invented at a British Officers Club in what was then Burma. A very nice selection of food items in various portion sizes. Well done!
I work by here and pass it all the time but I never stopped in. My fiancé and I decided to try it for date night and I was impressed. It was our first time trying raw oysters and the waiters were knowledgeable and answered all our questions. We tried both East Coast and West Coast oysters. I also ordered the crab fingers and fried oysters for starters. For our entrees, we both ordered crab cakes. Everything was delicious and fresh! It is now one of my favorite spots! I also can not forget to mention the ambiance! The interior is amazing and it feels cozy like you're home. For COVID-19 requirements the have added additional wall sections for each table to have private separate space. A must try!
Came here with my sister last weekend during happy hour. All their items were delicious. No wait time and great service. I will try again for sure and the cake is yummy must try.
The food was out of this world!!!
However, my server was less than attentive. After being seated, my server took almost 10 minutes to greet me. After taking my order, I didn't see him again as someone else brought my food out. All of the items I ordered obviously required silverware... I had to wait an additional 10 mins until he happened to walk by and I caught his attention and asked for silverware. 
I enjoyed my food so I decided to order more menu items, again he did not come to check on me, I had to wave him down once again. I ordered more food and again I didn't receive any silverware. He never stopped by to ask how I was doing or if I enjoyed the meal. I was so frustrated that when I asked for my silverware, I also asked for my check.... which he eagerly brought. 
Mind you there were about 2 tables total in the restaurant. 
However, there was a group of 4 ppl who sat down at the table across from me as I was preparing to go, he promptly took my menu off of my table to give them, he also came back and forth with water for them and asked if they needed anything. It's funny how I didn't receive this same service.... interesting. It definitely made me feel out of place and uncomfortable.
Another mixed review. The server we had sucked! She messed up then she avoided us. The manager on the other hand stepped in and comped my wife's meal before we even complained. Great manager, on top of everything! After an inordinate wait, and after I had finished my order; we watched the server ( a different  waitress) deliver my wife's order ...  to the wrong table!
The food itself was mixed also. The clams on the half shell were small but delicious. The oysters were meaty and not overly watery. Perfect. My wife's fish and chips were nothing special, but her Oysters Belmont were very nice.
It isn't Old Original Bookbinders any more, but I would do it again (even though my wife would kill me if I did).
Having never been to Bookbinders, I was excited to check out the Olde Bar. Fancy cocktails in a classy setting, sign me up, please! 

This place was a hot spot on a Saturday night. In addition to regular restaurant and bar clientele, there was activity from the wedding happening in their catering hall next door. I apologize to the newlyweds for almost mistakenly crashing upon my arrival. 

I joined my group at a high top table in the center. Unfortunately, the area was a little small and a few us had to sit/stand in the already tight walkway. I opted for the Fish House Punch and Hemingway Daquiri as my cocktails. Each were tasty in their own ways, but not exceptionally strong by any means. 

I thought our server did a good job at staying on top of our group that was on different drink ordering cycles. Extra appreciation by splitting up what could've been a nightmare of a bill to figure out. 

Aside from being a bit tight, the setting had a dark, pub-like vibe. Not all-too different from Philly's gastropub scene, but maybe just an extra touch of swanky. 

I didn't eat, but for whatever reason, something didn't smell right. It wasn't horribly odorous but it wasn't quite pleasant. It wasn't a deterrent from returning, but something that could be a concern if it was consistently there. 

Overall, I wasn't overly impressed, but I'm still intrigued enough to go back and give the Olde Bar another shot.
made a reservation for 715, arrive and both doors are locked. we were very confused because we saw people inside - so we called and an employee let us in then had to prop the door open so it wouldn't lock. 

we took a booth in the bar, service was very slow - we weren't in a rush and wanted to enjoy the night so it wasn't an issue for us. 

the fish punch, whisky sour & bees knees cocktails were delicious. 

we ordered;
-the warm lobster salad - which was perfect.  
-corn & crab bisque - 9/10. 
-smoked salmon dip - very lemony & the bread served with it was very oily and flavorless.
-shrimp cocktail - 10/10. cocktail sauce was great. 
-lobster corn dog - awful. it came out over cooked and over battered. it looked like a football. the lobster was dry from it being over fried. the french fries on the plate were very greasy. 

we informed our server we didn't want the corn dog after each having a bite then when we got the bill it was still on there. so we asked to talk to a manger about it - to which no one ever came. but it was taken off our check and we received champagne as an apology.
I've done happy hour twice here and I have to admit I'm a fan. If you can get here between 4-6 PM (weekends too), it's worth it to start your boozing and eating early. You can get a decent selection of $5 snacks, discounted drinks, and buck a shucks. 

Here's a brief rundown on what we ordered:

Oysters Belmont - awesome. This was one of my first forays into the land of oysters and it was pretty darn good. cheesy, yummy, and delectable. 

East Coast Oysters (3 for $5) - This was actually my first set of raw oysters ever. The waitress was extremely helpful and didn't make me feel silly for having no idea what to order. Their selection is exhaustive, so I appreciated the help!

Beef fat fries - not anywhere close to as good as Garces' Duck Fat Fries at Village Whiskey. The accompanying sauce, wasn't my favorite either. However, you can't really mess up fried potatoes that much, so i still finished all of them...

Rarebit - fancy cheesy bread. enough said. 

Crab cake (not on happy hour) - excellent. full of flavor with not a lot of filler. One of the better, more robust crab cakes I've had (however, it ain't cheap - one of them will set you back $20.)

In terms of drinks, I tried the happy hour Fish House punch and wasn't that impressed. I definitely recommend splurging on the full priced menu items if you're interested in cocktails.
My review is for the bar service only as we did not order any food.
We came here late on a Saturday night with a large group without warning and the staff were very nice and accommodating pulling some tables together into a T formation so we could all chat. Our waitress was very helpful and efficient. The drink menu was pretty extensive but the cider options are lacking. If I am out in Old City this will stay on my list for drink/happy hour.
My favorite restaurants all have something in common - they're spectacular, but they don't tell you, they show you. This is a great place without pretense. Even better - the real standouts were the music and the blackened big eye tuna! 

My boyfriend made us reservations for a cold Sunday night. We were welcomed and seated in a booth. We both ordered Old Fashioneds from a lengthy cocktail menu. They change up the menu often, and I appreciated the nod to Spirited Away. 

We ordered tots, which were nicely fried and golden, reminiscent of the way fish would be fried. I ordered the blackened big eye tuna. It was perfect! Came with some corn and a light mixed green salad. It really hit the spot, and I regret giving as much as I did to my bf even though he traded me some of his fried cod. 

Beautiful and historic, the quality and ambiance are there for me for sure. I'd love to come back, and I hope we do! Or host a party here, which I hear you can do.
Overall a disappointing visit to the Olde Bar for dinner.

First the positives - the Fish House Punch was very good.  Also the bar area is very well done and evokes Olde Philadelphia well.  Unfortunately we were seated in a room off the bar area that had very little personality and felt like a slightly wider hallway.

The negatives - the Welsh Rarebit had no personality and the bread was hard as a brick.  The fish in the Fish & Chips tasted like it had been reheated and not very good quality fish.   Paled in comparison to the Dandelion, 20 Manning and even Mrs. Pauls.  

Service was mediocre - server did not mention the specials at all and a inquiry about the temperature (it dropped 10 degrees when the air conditioning came on) was never answered.

We were told they had a big 75-person party coming later that night so perhaps the kitchen was distracted getting ready.

Would return but only to sit at the bar and grab some punch for happy hour.  Would not return for the food.
4-6 happy hour. $1 oysters. Friendly staff. Gets busier after 5. Good old city choice.
Oh, come on. It's a Jose Garces restaurant. That means some things are given, including the staff--who, without exception, are friendly, knowledgeable and even gregarious without being obnoxious. The drinks are superb, and that too is a given. Keep in mind that this place is called a bar for a reason: most of the menu is taken up by seemingly infinite alcohol choices. The comparatively limited food selection surely will have something to catch your eye, however. My dining partner has declared the Golden Buck to be the best thing she's ever eaten. Because she is utterly incapable of hyperbole, that's saying something. (And that's some hyperbole right there.) The crab cake is nearly all-crab and definitely all-succulent. What I'm saying is that there's a familiar culinary craft evident here.

The main bar area, the old President's Room, has a delightful mix of the old and the new. I find it surprising, just a bit, that the bar has TVs and the room reverberates with rock music ... not exactly the same vibe as that at Village Whiskey, for instance. But The Olde Bar is bigger and and more "public," if you will. I'm told the idea is to recall both the glory days and the more pandering latter days of Bookbinder's.

One thing I have to note: the waiting/host area is off-putting. It's a big, empty room devoid of character. The rear and right walls are nothing more than huge accordion partitions, perhaps blocking from view the banquet- and event-centric spaces of the ground floor. On a busy night one wouldn't notice the unwelcoming nature of the room, but when it's empty save for a sad-looking host/ess station ... eh. (But again, compare this to Village Whiskey, with its phone-booth-sized vestibule.) It's a small gripe, but it does give you pause when you first step inside. Fortunately, I don't expect a lot of slow nights at this place. And once you step through the psuedo ship's wheel ....

The Olde Bar has been open less than two weeks but it has hit the ground running. I recommend you catch up with it.
Went with a few couples last Saturday for their Weekend Happy Hour. How cool is that? $1 oysters were great so we did 3 dozen! Our cocktails were delicious, and Michael our bartender must have been an old guy in a young guys body. A true Craftsman at his trade, and totally personable! Can't wait to go back.
Went here for restaurant week + happy hour and ordered the following:
1. Dollar oysters - better than those from Oyster House! Really good deal for $1 each
2. Olde Dock Street Oyster Stout - I've had better but not bad

3. Oysters Belmont - a better version of Oysters Rockefeller; love the manchego in it!
4. Steak Oscar - what won me over was the crab hollandaise which was a nice addition to the usual steak dish
5. S'mores verrine - not bad, not too sweet, just right (not great either)

Love the ambiance as well! Service was impeccable. Will be back.
Fish house punch
Wine
Miller beer on draft $3

French fries

A dozen oysters

Came here for happy hour.  The oysters were bland but worth a buck a piece 


Everything else was okay. The bar has a nice ambiance
Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 4
Value: 4

I've been wanting for years to come and see the Old Original Bookbinders location. Basically, anything would have been acceptable for us to feel it necessary to make the trip here. However, they luckily have a very good happy hour that includes weekends. Food is above average, and the drink deals are good as well. Definitely looking forward to trying this place for a full dinner at some point in the future.
This place has the best happy hour on Saturdays. From 4-6, buck a shuck and $5 bar food menu. They also have discounts on wine, beer and rum drinks. I always have a good time when I go here. The beef fat fries are delicious and the oysters are always fresh. The service is great too. This place is ideal for a date or for a group. The burger looks divine, though it's $18. I highly recommend happy hour at this place. The venue is the old Book Binders which is located in a cool historical buildings. It's a very cool space
Great bartenders and servers.

Had a man full of trouble, some old fashions, and two absinthe shooters - absolutely delicious.

The food was great, had the oysters belmont, golden buck, and deviled eggs for snacks/appetizers then moved onto clams and mussels for dinner (two of us, perfect amount of food).  The clams were overly salty but that's really the only complaint and the mussels were excellent.

Fantastic atmosphere/vibe, great date spot, look forward to going again.
Came here on a Friday night & it was pretty busy. Our server was Matt he was very helpful. He was always there to help us with our orders & accommodate to our need to be in and out fairly quickly. My friends & I got the (1) Cape Cod Mussels, (2) Fish & Chips, (3) Shrimp & Grits (4) Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, and (4) the market fish of the day, which was salmon. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked. The chips that came with the fish and chips were a bit salty but still yummy.
Jose,you should be ashamed. Always been a fan of your restaurants but the clam bake at Olde Bar today was  a misstep. Over-cooked seafood, paella that was just flavored rice. Rolls, corn, and potato salad good. Definitely not worth $40 a head. Not a good advertisement for returning to main restaurant. Most fun was meeting and chatting with folks at our table.
My husband brought me here for my birthday over the weekend and it was...not good. We got the Valentine's Day tasting menu, since it was a special occasion, and had pretty high expectations. 

The server was clearly in the weeds the entire meal, while the manager just stood at the bar chatting with his friends, making no effort to help her out or even touch any of the tables in the dining room. The server had the skills of your average Applebee's employee and didn't seem to have fine dining experience: she put her dirty beverage tray on the table while dropping drinks, silverware wasn't polished, the bottom of the wine glasses were filthy, she said the word "upcharge" like we should know what that means, and she had a really limited grasp of the menu. 

The pacing was really odd, the first two courses came out so quickly I had barely finished chewing what came before and then we waited a very long time for the entree course. The raw course was fine, but you can't really mess that up. The second appetizer course was really bad. The shrimp toast (I think it was shrimp? It was pretty unidentifiable) was chewy and rubbery, the bread mushy, the sauce incredibly bland and the most unappetizing shade of puke brown I've ever seen. The foie gras was runny, the toast it came on was hard like it was stale. 

No one asked how we would like our ribeye cooked and it came out medium well, which is not our preference. We had noticed about 5 minutes before it came out that we hadn't provided a temp to the server, but then couldn't get anyone's attention to mention it. We would have sent it back but the server was never at our table for more than 2 seconds, did not ask us how we were enjoying the food, and we couldn't flag anyone down. The steak was pre-sliced so someone in the kitchen took a look at it, decided it seemed fine, and sent it out. We were only provided with one steak knife and had to share.The manager had his back to us and was completely oblivious to anything happening in the dining room. 

The dessert, a baked alaska, was completely soggy. Have you ever had soggy marshmallow? It's revolting. My husband politely informed the food runner that it was my birthday and he said "Oh? Cool!" and walked away. I don't think he informed the server because she never acknowledged it. We weren't looking for a freebie, just a candle in the dessert. 

The food runner cleared away wine glasses that weren't empty more than once. If I pay $12 for a glass of wine, I'd like to finish it. 

We left a decent tip, because we're former restaurant people, but I was sincerely disappointed and honestly felt like it put a damper on my birthday, since I spent $200 that could have been used on a more pleasant dining experience. I expect more from a Garces restaurant.
Good food, good service. We went at night and it was just a little too dark in there. I get they were trying to set a "mood", but it needs to be a little brighter inside lol
The Garces group does it again...a true winner!! Whether delving into some of the freshest oysters in the city, indulging in the savory Golden Buck, or splurging on strawberry shortcake, you can't go wrong here. The service is impeccable yet personable. Our server, Amy, was well versed on not only ingredients, but nuanced flavor profiles and pairings. 
Make it in here soon, before word gets out and it gets very busy.
$1 oysters at Happy Hour were fantastic deal. The Delaware oysters aren't huge but they are tasty! We got 2 dozen and the amazing clam chowder. Seriously the clam chowder was the best I've ever had. It had a drizzle of thyme oil on top that just made it even richer. Service was great. We had a great experience.
Love the ambience, but the food was subpar. I went as part of an extremely large group and everything was served family style. The salad was fine; the deviled eggs had a sour flavor in them that was gross; the shrimp were a little bland; the chicken was so salty that I nearly spit it out...overall it was just "okay."
I went to the olde bar with my boyfriend 2 months ago and it was so yummy. The atmosphere was lovely and the staff were super friendly. The food was delicious and I will definitely going back there.
The BEST happy hour. Highly recommend the buffalo cauliflower is light, flavorful and so delicious (prob the best buffalo cauliflower I've ever had) Also the $1 oysters are amazing. Atmosphere is cozy and cute - perfect for a cold day or a cozy night
I had the fried cod here and it was just wonderful. At a first glance it seems kind of pricey but the portions are big here! I got four huge pieces of cod and the fry batter on the fish was AMAZING. I'm from the South so I know my fried foods lol! The Parker house rolls were also great and the wait staff was very attentive. I wanted for nothing and this place had no problem splitting up our check. Would absolutely recommend.
The Olde Bar is in the bar area and one other room of Old Original Bookbinders. Bookbinders was my favorite seafood restaurant, and the restaurant that defined fine seafood dining in Philly from 1898 until it originally closed in 2002. Olde Bar has big historic shoes to fill. 

I live close to Olde Bar so I've been a few times since it opened in 2015. They churn out consistently good seafood and tasty cocktails. Happy hour is a great deal with discounted starters and drinks. From the starters, the Deviled Eggs and the Calamari are the standouts. The New England Clam Chowder is also an authentic version of the dish, which is harder to find done right in Philly than it should be. For entrees, the Fish and Chips is right up there with the best in the city and the Crabcake may be the very best in the city. It's a perfectly fried crabcake full of delicious crab meat. The dessert menu is limited. The Baked Alaska is good but the peppermint flavor is an addition to the classic recipe that takes away from the dish.

Olde Bar is a worthy successor to Bookbinders. The best happy hour deal in Old City. 4 stars, but the potential is there to reach the original Bookbinders 5 start level in the future.
