The owner stopped by our office and dropped off a menu so we decided to give this place a try for lunch. Delivery was fast and the pasta was delicious. I had the diavolo...just spicy enough, very fresh and perfectly al dente. This place is definitely my new lunch addiction!
I'm currently staring at my phone craving the goat cheese salad I am about to tell you about. 

It was love at first sight. The grilled chicken was juicy, the goat cheese was plenty, and the sliced apples were crisp and decorated the plate. And to my pleasant surprise, I found tortellini dispersed within the salad! Now the dressing... even someone like me who (attempts to) avoid extra calories succumbed to using most of it. Ya I have tried a lot of different goat cheese salads in my life but none have come close to this.

The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because the fried cheese and jalapeño pierogies were mediocre.
So glad I came across The Quick Fixx during my Yelp search for delivery on Friday night, when I was looking for something hot, healthy, and reasonably-priced. It's worth noting that The Quick Fixx has no delivery fee and only a ten dollar minimum. That's a better deal than all my other regular delivery spots. 

The create-your-own option is legit. I went with whole wheat penne, broccoli, fresh mozzarella and tomato garlic sauce. And guess what? There's now a side salad option! So I got myself a side salad with lemon vinaigrette because I'm a baller like that. The total was $14 plus tip. 

Imagine my surprise when my doorbell rang and I was greeted by the owner himself, Matt. This is a guy who really cares about his business, his customers and the neighborhood. 

Dinner was bangin' and exactly what I wanted. I even had leftovers for lunch the next day. After perusing the website and finding out about their "Ten Spot" lunch menu, I'll be hitting those up in the near future as well.
I got The Fixx flatbread in hopes that their eponymous flatbread would not disappoint and I rejoiced when I did not have order remorse! Yummy yummy gruyere and caramelized onions, so delish!

Prices seem reasonable for such quality ingredients. However, the service and atmosphere is what pushed it up to 5 stars for me. Love the big round tables at the front of the restaurant with the wide windows open out to the street. Perfect meet up spot with a girlfriend on a sunny spring day! I was surprised they would have such nice servingware and even give us a bottle of tap water to share. The girl who took our order even came by a few times to check on how our food tasted and to take our plates away. Over-the-top friendliness for a delivery place, love it!
This might be my new Sunday afternoon stop.  I only wish it was a little closer to me.  I grabbed a fun guy flatbread and panzarotti poppers.  The flat bread was cheesy and covered in mushrooms and a big pile of arugula.  The crust is thin, but not super thin, and not very crunchy, although I wonder if the crust just got a little soggy on my walk home.  The poppers were super tasty, almost like a crab rangoon without the crab.  They are little puff balls filled with goat cheese and scallions with a sweet sauce on the side for dipping.  They give you a lot and they are filling, so definitely worth sharing with a friend.  I'm really looking forward to trying some of the other items.
If you want a quick, affordable, tasty Italian meal, this is your solution! They have awesome pastas and good portion sizes with most dishes $10-15. 

This is one of my sister and her bf's fave spots so they come often and brought me here while I was in town for the weekend. I hadn't eaten for a while after a long drive and was so pumped for a hearty meal.

I ordered the mac and cheese and the fried green beans to start. The green beans are coated in a beer batter so it's tempura-like. Very crispy and crunchy, and well seasoned. I didn't love the wasabi cucumber dip (mostly because I'm not a wasabi fan). But a creamy aioli goes well with this. Something with lemon and garlic could be nice too. As for the mac and cheese it was a super sharp cheddar sauce. There was bacon pieces and broccoli mixed in. It was filling and good. The sauce could have been a bit creamier, but I didn't mind the sharpness because cheese is amazing. My sister had the gnocchi lasagna and I had a few bites. It isn't really a lasagna, but rather includes the ingredients you'd find in lasagna. So it's basically gnocchi mixed with mozzarella, blush sauce, and roasted veggies. The gnocchi was delicious - pillowy and a little pan sear on them for extra flavor. Definitely try this dish!

A good option if you want a quick meal or something affordable while you're hopping around Philly.
They definitely have the "quick" part down. Our order was delivered in about twenty minutes on a Saturday night. But as for the "fixx," I'm sort of in need of another, and I finished dinner only a half hour ago. What I mean is, the portion sizes are small. That's not to say that they aren't perfectly fine. In fact, if you're on a diet or you just like single-serving portions, this is actually a great option so you won't go crazy and eat five times the amount of pasta you should eat. 

My boyfriend had the cheese ravioli with spicy red sauce, while I had a makeshift Caesar with romaine, tomatoes, grilled chicken and Caesar dressing on the side. I requested croutons, but only received two slices of grilled baguette. Not sure if that was supposed to be the actual croutons or what, but either way, I'd prefer regular croutons. Know what I mean? 

Our food was tasty for sure, but for $18, we were left looking at each other and asking "what's next?" I'll definitely give them another shot but if I've got a full appetite I'll probably need salad AND pasta.
Free wifi and a pretty good lunch for under $15 in Rittenhouse. i really cant complain about anything other that the fact that they dont give you bread with your salad,, Really ?!? other than that service was fine and my salad was pretty darn tasty.
I've been twice this week.... they have a $10 lunch menu (includes drink and tax - it's Cash Only on this deal though, FYI) which is a great deal.  Had the grilled chicken ceasar salad the first time and a flatbread with old bay fries (YUM!) today.  Everything is made to order, and I love that they encourage you to build your own, they don't stifle my creativity (read: pickiness).  
The service is GREAT, the people are super friendly.  And free wifi to boot.  I'll be back!  

PS.  They deliver.  They said their area is 11th to the Schuykill, Walnut to Washington  - but to call because they will try to accommodate more locations if they can.
What happens when you combine great ingredients, gourmet cooking, convenience*, and super service? You get Quick Fixx, and I ALWAYS need my fixx. They had me at hello and this love affair may never end.

Things to get: THE CHICKEN CUTLET. Some of the best I've ever had, and coming from a family where schnitzel is a staple, that says a lot (Google that if you don't know, if you do know, then you also know that if my grandmother saw this, she'd be pissed). 

What do you get the chicken cutlet with? The Greek Orzo Salad. You also add it to any custom pasta you create.

Custom pasta. Yes. That's right! You can make your own dish, whether it's pasta or salad. AMAZING. I go for that pretty often, and find myself stuck on a combo of penne/rigatoni, chicken cutlet, creamy tomato sauce, broccoli, onions, mushrooms. SO SO GOOD. 

Big tip: you may want to split a pasta dish with the roomie, friend, or spouse... add a salad and you have the perfect meal. Don't heed my warning and you may feel a little stuffed.

Either way, I've got my fixx - go get yours!


*Convenience (as defined by Merriam-Webster's Dictionary): the ability to order delicious food via phone for pickup, in store, or online through the food service of your choosing (grubub, foodler, and many others).
I don't understand why there's so much collective goodwill towards this place - 4+ star average review?   What the fuck?  Time for some real talk.

When I called to place my order, the guy at the other end of the line sounded less-than-thrilled.   Not in a "meh, I hate my job" kind of way... but in a profoundly sad "sigh... I have no reason to live" sort of way.   Whatever... as long as the food's good, who cares?   Right?

Well, the food was just as depressing as the person who took my order.  The artichoke was inedible.   The leaves tasted like the pointy end of a manila envelope, soaked in olive oil.  The artichoke heart was barely-there.  The mushroom "flatbread" looked exactly like something I would slap together at 3am after a hearty night of drinking...and the flatbread was named "Fun Guy"...puns have absolutely no place on a food menu.  

Yelp Philadelphia is usually spot-on with consensus ratings, but sadly not in this case...
Gluten-free pasta items. Great customer service. They honor special requests. You can customize EVERYTHING. Oh, and you can do it all online through Grubhub.

Tried this place after a lengthy search for gluten-free Italian items. My challenge is not only do I not eat gluten, I also can't eat dairy, garlic, onions, mushrooms, and all manner of other delicious and very common items. I like them all they just don't like me back. I went with the gluten-free spaghetti and puttanesca sauce with added roasted red peppers and shrimp. I wrote in a note asking the sauce to be made sans onion and garlic and the dish that arrived was delicious and danger-free! 

E ordered the tomato and bacon sauce on linguine with olives and prosciutto added and while we waited his hunger made him question if he had ordered enough substance. We called to see if they could add some meatballs for us and they had already put the pasta in a dish and it was ready to go. However, they put some meatballs and sauce in a container for us and sent it along with the rest. He was very happy with his dish (side note: the portions are enormous. Like a pound+ of pasta) and the meatballs were phenomenal. I stole a bite to verify this although the guy on the phone informed me they are not gluten-free.

My only gripe is I wish they used a different type of GF pasta. Tinkyada has a much better texture than whatever they use and holds up better to sauces and time. 

This is now part of the regular take-out rotation.
Since the Quick Fixx opened a few months ago, I have become guilty of eating dinner there 4-sometimes-5 nights a week. The food is fresh, hot, made-to-order, and (true to their name) quick. The delivery is ridiculously fast, and sometimes it has been less than 20 minutes after calling until my food shows up. The prices are fairly reasonable considering I typically have enough food left over for lunch or a snack the following day. When eating in, I find the staff to be friendly and accommodating. The menu is somewhat limited, although the Build-Your-Own flatbreads, pastas, and salads give you a considerable number of options. When you are in a hurry or just want a decent meal without spending a lot of money or time, I definitely recommend the Quick Fixx.

*UPDATE 8/8/2012*
Although I was really pulling for this place to succeed, I am sad to report that the enthusiasm I had once felt for the Quick Fixx has disappeared. At this point it is extremely rare that the poorly trained staff actually gets orders correct, which totally defeats the purpose of a "Create Your Own" menu. In fact, if you call to place your order, it may feel as though you are talking to an alien who has never before used a telephone. Delivery has gotten much slower, and when the food finally shows up it is either cold, incorrect, or a mangled mess (sometimes all of the above). After the most recent dinner disaster, the manager was very condescending and resistant to remedy the situation. I am pretty disappointed with the Quick Fixx, and in no hurry to go back.
People less decent and honorable than I tell me affixing an extra X to a name is a popular branding technique of adult film stars. Coxx, Roxx, Boxx, people who lack my moral compass and Rick Santorum bumper sticker collection tell me, as examples, are popular choices. So with this purely academic knowledge, it was surprising when I saw it was indeed Quick Fixx, with that extra sexy (sexxy?) 'x.'

The Fixx flatbread ($8) with white sauce, bacon, caramelized onions and gruyere was rich and filling. However, the richness really covered up the salty pork flavor I was hoping would counter the inherent heaviness. The caramelized onions were done right and added great flavor, managing to stand out slightly. The dish is very good, I was just hoping for a little more balance, that extra level that makes it pop. Despite the Shaq-sized palmfuls of cheese the crust held up admirably and added a nice little crunch.

Gnocchi ($12) was the definition of A-OK: absolutely fine, the bolognese was very tasty on its own, but nothing that I can say a lot about, other than you wouldn't be in harm's way ordering it.

QF also has a snack/late night/late chance to ditch that ugo you met at closing time menu. It's an admirable step up from your typical late night eateries and includes Panzarotti poppers ($7), dubbed as mini fried dough balls filled with goat cheese, shallots and chives. They seem baked to me, though. Tagging along is an apple jam sauce that provides a kick of sweetness to the velvety goat cheese. Parmigiano-Reggiano dusted fries ($3, big enough to share) come with ketchup and toum--a Lebanese garlic sauce similar to aioli but with olive oil. Push the Heinz to the side and focus on this.

The service is top notch. Concern gushes from who I presumed to be the owner like blood from a gun shot wound. The sheer brute dedication to his business mirrors what Kenneth the Page has for 30 Rock. The prices, portions, and quality match up well. Very close to 4 stars. I'll be back.
Updating my review, Quick Fixx is totally upgraded to 5 stars.  After eating at several other take-out places, that have fresh, healthy options, Quick Fixx prices are in-line with the competition, and you actually get much larger portion sizes here which makes it worth the extra money.  The flat breads are large enough to split, so you will have leftovers for later!   

Updated food items I've had over my numerous visits the past few months:
- Sunchoke flatbread - pesto sauce, goat cheese, sun dried tomatos.  Amazing!  The pesto is very rich and dark green.  Not creamy or watered down with other sauces.
-  Fun Guy flatbread - mushrooms & arugula with a delicious aoili sauce on top.  Loved this. 
- Panzorotti poppers - small balls of fried goat cheese, side of honey dipping sauce. This is my go-to appetizer.  Order it almost every time!
-  create-your-own pasta:  pesto gnocchi, with spinach, artichokes, and sun dried tomatoes.  WOW!  I'm going to create-my-own more often!  This dish was mind blowing.  
- Gnocchi Lasagne - nearly heart stopping.  Thick creamy sauce with oozy melted cheese, and many large chunks of fresh meatballs.  Signature dish, don't miss out on this!
- Goat cheese & Cranberry Salad:  Delicious!  Plenty of goat cheese, they don't skimp on portion size!
-  Spinach salad with Apple and Brie:  Also delicious!  2 thick cut pieces of brie on top.  I always get dressing on the side. 

As you can see, I eat here ALOT.  I recommend everything, seriously the food here is great.  Matt, the owner, is so cool, he loves his business, and loves seeing his customers happy.  He really takes care of you and makes you feel welcome!  All the other staff are super friendly too, the service here is top notch!!

BYOB!  Also can order on iPhone apps like Eat24 or Grub Hub.  Score!
This place is going to do really, really well.

Despite the unnecessary use of two Xs, I really love this restaurant. It has situated itself in a perfect niche to be ideal Monday-Thursday night food. It isn't fancy enough to be a date place but it definitely beats the living hell out of your I'll-pick-up-dinner-on-the-way-home-from-work-cheesesteak/Chinese/pizza place. 

The flatbread kicks ass. I had their signature, "The fixx," flatbread and consumed practically the entire thing myself within a matter of minutes. The toppings are signature sauce, caramelized onions, gruyere, and glorious bacon.

The bruschetta is really great. I've paid 3x more for crappier bruchsetta at nice restaurants with soft napkins.

The dusted artichoke is good but makes a hefty mess everywhere.

The man who runs the establishment, Mark, is really friendly and savvy. Competing takeout restaurants are going to have to step up their game or become very, very nervous. Seriously. This is going to kill so many uninspired sandwich/pizza places.
Yesterday I had what was one of the best customer service experiences in recent memory. While putting on my coat to go forage for a late lunch somewhere in the GradHo 'hood, The Quick Fixx popped into my mind. I took off my coat (who really wants to go out in the rainy cold, anyway?), perused the menu and gave them a ring. 

The owner, Matt, answered the phone and, once I gave him my digits, told me that he had planned to call me this week so we could discuss my recent experience. It was pretty obvious that he had read my Yelp review, so we talked about the restaurant, their products, etc. It was clear that he valued the feedback and wanted to make sure his customers were happy. This pretty much cemented me as a repeat customer. 

I ended up ordering a salad off the menu, the Di Carlo, which is a Caesar with grilled haloumi cheese. I added chicken and also ordered some of the tomato bruschetta, just in case. With a can of Diet Coke, the order came to around $15, but Matt gave me a five dollar discount for the fact that I was willing to chat for a few minutes. Totally unnecessary but definitely a nice gesture. 

My order arrived in the quoted twenty minutes and I was happy with everything. Their Caesar dressing is seriously tasty (and by the way, the toasted bread is how they do their croutons - Matt and I discussed that also). I do think the salad and a side of bruschetta was just the right amount of food for lunch. Until next time!
This restaurant couldn't be more aptly named. Quick Fixx is a dependable place to get good food in a jiffy. They have a simple yet well-rounded menu. I can get chicken tenders, AND a bowl of sautéed spinach (which makes for a totally balanced meal...). All the items I've ever ordered from here have been solid.  

The junk salad is particularly yummy, as are the aforementioned chicken tenders. 

It's a nice place to dine in as well, as it never gets too crowded. There is also a new-ish seating section outside, which is basically a cordoned off parking space on South Street - perfect for people watching!
I've had Quick Fixx several times and each time I always have buyers remorse. The flatbreads are soggy and lack flavor; the fried perogies were good, but left such a garlicy after-taste that no amount of Listerine was going to fix. I think my days of dining here are officially over.
Quick Fixx is marketed as "Chef Inspired Cuisine at Take-Out Prices."  It should be marketed as "the perfect place when dining for one."  Whenever I'm eating solo, I don't feel like cooking, and every take-out option seems designed for more than one or is just too much/heavy for a work night.  Who wants a pizza for one or to induce guilt by ordering Mexican?  Quick Fixx is the perfect solution.  What do I want when dining alone, obviously a perfectly portioned delicious flatbread with a side of arugula!  I was torn between the Lancaster and the and the Prosciutto, but wound up opting for the Lancaster.  It was delicious.  With my side of arugula and prosciutto, I was quite the content solo diner.

Can't wait to make this a mainstay for my single evenings!
Ordered take out for the first time today from this place.  I've definitely had better.  The arugala salad is literally arugala in a box with a TINY bit of parm cheese.  The dressing was ok, just not enough of it to help this super plain "salad."  Thankfully I also ordered bruchetta so I was able to chop that up and add it to my arugala to make something close to a salad.  Not sure what I was expecting for $12 but I certainly wasn't floored with this lunch.  I may give them the benefit of the doubt given the other reviews and try again ordering something different next time.
Sometimes too quick? I went here twice and the first time it was great. The flatbread & the toppings were perfect. The second time not so good. The sauce on the flatbread was still cold; a few more minutes in the oven would have definitely helped.  

It is what it is. It's open late, it's generally quick and food is not bad. I would definitely go here again, but will ask them to take a few extra minutes.
There are almost no salad places in Center City.  Saladworks is abominable, Cosi is subpar, Sweetgreen is in West Philly and Gia Pronto isn't open at night.  So I was hoping Quick Fixx would be a go-to place for a delicious, healthy low-carb meal.  It's not.  I ordered a salad with chicken, shrimp and bacon that cost $17.  The salad was not mixed, the broccoli not blanched -- the salad resembled a few ingredients that were placed on top of each other.  The salads at Sweetgreen are much, much better and cost significantly less.  A similar salad in New York would cost about $11 (due to more competition).  Now I haven't tried the flatbreads or the pastas but I don't think I will.
Having some time to kill between classes on Dance Day 2017, I stopped into the Quick Fixx based on location and rating.

The menu was immediately overwhelming with so many build your own options. I looked to their salad suggestions and ended up with the Heaven on Earth. It contained mixed greens, roasted beets, goat cheese, pistachio, apple and white balsamic vinegarette. 

Initially, I thought my check was really high for a salad and vitamin water. However, upon receiving my salad, my mind was changed. It was a really substantial size and it was plated very professionally. There was a perfect balance of fixings and they were undoubtably fresh. This is the type of salad you'd order as a dinner salad at a more formal, sit-down restaurant.

It's probably a little too pricy for the day to day, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back for a quality, quick salad.
Stopped in here during a street festival to get something to eat with a friend. The set up in here is cool, order at the counter and then you can go sit down. The restaurant is cozy and spacious. The menu had a good variety of items and pretty much all of the options appealed to me. The menu is pasta, flatbreads, salads etc. I ordered the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was just okay. The pasta was good, but the cheese it was in could have been creamier, it was almost watery.  Not sure if I just had a bad experience because the reviews are great, but it didn't live up to the hype for me. I also did not appreciate the political signs up at the register. If I lived nearby, I would have probably given this place another chance because it was really reasonably priced and they had a lot of menu items for a fast casual place.
Great food! Very friendly staff. 

I am so glad Quick Fixx opened, because I work around the corner and this place is perfect for lunch or grabbing dinner to go on the way home (the area needed something like this). They have pastas, flatbreads, and salads. Everything is fresh and you can even create your own item with any ingredients. I got the gnocchi with spicy tomato sauce and sauteed mushrooms. It was delicious. The side salad I got was arugula with shaved parm cheese. It was great and I really liked the lemon olive oil dressing that is their house dressing (they also have several other good choices). Word of advice: some items may have parsley in the sauce, so if you don't like it have them keep it out. For a pasta dish and side salad I spent $10. Not terribly expensive for lunch, but you can also get a flatbread for $6, so it isn't bad. Very good deal for dinner. 

The interior is a cute design too, with little herb pots all around. 

I will be back soon - next time I will have to try one of their combinations.
I stopped in today for lunch.  Upon entering, i was greeted warmly by the staff.  The cashier explained how the quick fixx menu works (chef-prepared items on the front; build-your-own options on the back).  I opted for the orzo salad with grilled veggies and goat cheese.  Tasty!  The veggies are warm and the orzo is chilled, but you can ask them to warm the pasta for you if you prefer.  The salad includes ginger which, at first, i thought would be an odd choice.  But it worked!  I wasn't in love with the grilled romaine, but that's just me.

Chris H. ordered the flatbread with bacon and gruyere and i was jealous!  I plan to return to sample all of the flatbread combinations.  Overall, a very pleasant experience.  Great addition to the neighborhood!
In another city, maybe I'd give quick fixx 4 stars. I however, as someone who lives by himself and has been disappointed by Philly's delivery scene, think quick fixx deserves five stars.

The food is great - my favorite is the macaroni and cheese with a side caesar. BUT the best part is that they are quick to deliver, on bikes, and when they call they introduce themselves and are genuinely polite "hi, this is john from quick fixx, i'm rounding the corner now". Good food, quickly, reasonably priced with nice folks.
I'm torn as to what review my most recent experience here. The food was definitely 3 stars.. possibly closer to 4. However, the cleanliness of the dining area and friendliness of the staff made me side with a 2 star review.

I came in here on a weeknight and it was relatively quiet in here. We ordered the Bruschetta appetizer, the gnocchi lasagna, and the goat cheese salad. 

We sat down at a table, which still had some crumbs on it, and waited for our food. The bruschetta came out quickly and was alright- nothing amazing. I enjoyed both the salad and the pasta- although I wish the mozzarella on the pasta was more melted vs being cubed.

The real disappointment was the amount of flies in the dining area. It was hard to enjoy the food when we were constantly swatting the flies away from our food. It was at least 3-4 surrounding us at a time... if this is how the dining area is, makes me wonder the cleanliness of the kitchen.

I'm surprised to see such consistently high ratings for Quick Fixx- does everyone order it to go and not notice a problem with the flies? or did we happen to go on an off night?
Hmmm...I have mixxed feelings as far as this spot goes (see what I did there?). Quick Fixx is a nice option to have when you don't feel like getting dressed to go out, but need a break from the neighborhood pizza joints. Along with pizza of the classier flatbread variety, they have a lot of Italian dishes as well.  
At first glance, the prices seem good. $9 for a rigatoni platter as an example. But I must say the portions are pretty small. I definitely suggest ordering the salad to make a substantial meal. My rigatoni was pretty good, nice and garlicky which this Italian girl appreciates. My husband got chicken parm and said it was ok.  I regret not getting the gnocchi lasagna since everyone seems to like that. 
Quick Fixx doesn't deliver to my house, so I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to get it again, it it is a nice option.
Quick Fixx is the only restaurant where I've walked out and immediately thought "I need to find a way to invest in this place." Awesome concept and execution!
The waiter was TOO nice. Too nice and too friendly that he talked almost too much haha but he was so kind to explain the menu, his favorites, how each dish can be different from the others. 

It kinda of gives off a fast food (called Quick Fixx!) vibe b/c it's not a huge romantic restaurant. but it's actually really cool how this kind of a place is BYOB. 

I got the gnocchi. There was so much meat, I actually wanted less of it. Gnocchi was so chewy! I also think it's made of ricotta, not potatoes, so that's a plus! I did think it was a little greasy but that may be from the abundant meat. (or maybe it was too cheesy..can't really tell...)The prices are all reasonable and the portions are decent for it's price. The gnocchi was def good but didn't shout out at me. 

I def want to go back and try their flatbread or other stuff. I think I'll be giving a 4star at my next visit cuz they looked soooo good
The Quick Fixx is really the best way to get your non-drug testing job related quick fix. No, here the fix here is all about satiating hunger without clogging your arteries on the way home from work.

The Parmesan dusted  artichoke is as fun as it is delicious. With all artichoke leaves perfectly marinated and hearts intact, this roasted dish is whimsical and baked enough to feign total healthfulness. It's an especially great side if you're willing to indulge in one of Quick Fixx's flat breads.

Unlike known "flat bread" from certain nonspecific chain restaurants, the flat bread at Quick Fixx is actually thin. Though it doesn't have that crisp crunch of wood grilled flats, it's perfectly delicious...especially when topped with cheese and bacon (The Fixx). 

ProTip: Unless you enjoy shiny pizzas, ask for light cheese on your Fixx.

The bruschetta is a fresh amalgamation of juicy diced tomatoes and basil with the proper amount of salt to accentuate the fruits' natural acidity. The baked bread slices upon which the generous mound of bruschetta sits is crisp and maintains its texture - read, it won't experience any sort of soggy bottom syndrome throughout your meal.
I have nothing positive things to say.

First and foremost, they use Bounty Paper Towels Select a Size as their napkins. Huge fan of that Huge fan. #pgemp

Alert -- Your food is not going to immediately come out of the kitchen. But that's why this is the quick fixx... not fazoils or mcdonalds. They clearly are making your items to order and not just making a ton of it and reheating it. It's still pretty quick considering.

I have had a few things on their menu and they are all excellent. It is a perfect place when you have a few minutes before your next activity and need a quick dinner. And furthermore... it's quick skip and jump away from my place.

The service and the people working there are very nice. And they keep the place immaculately clean. Can't say the same thing about the other places in the South Street area.

Overall... When I am in need of a QUICK meal... I'll be back... They do deliver, but I feel that is SO lazy when I am so close to walk.

This review was brought to you by the word, "QUICK"
Definitely think this place is overrated from the review, unless you are comparing it to a regular Chinese/pizza carryout/delivery place, in which case, yes it is healthier and fresher. As a casual restaurant though, this place is very mediocre. The food is not that good tasting and I have waited a while for orders. Pasta is greasy, food is pretty bland, and salads are just ok but probably the best option. Unless its 11PM and this is your only option I'd say avoid. For a quick salad try Pure Fare down the street.
I had some high expectations for this place - not really sure why but I thought it was going to be amazing.  I got the Caesar salad and the pasta fresca.  The Caesar salad was great, the pasta was just OK. I don't think it was terrible but I just didn't leave the place feeling like I needed to come back for more.

I think if I were to come back that I would try a sandwich or something else different.
The boyfriend and I came here for dinner the other night and looking at their quickies (appetizer) menu, I will be back.

I wanted mozzarella sticks and read good things about it but when we saw fried pierogies $7 on the menu, we went for that instead. I would say we made a mistake. We chose the cheddar and jalapeno fried pierogies and there was nothing special about them. I feel like it was probably just heated freezer pierogies.

For our main dishes, we ordered the gnocchi lasagna (ricotta gnocchi with cream, Bolognese and melted mozzarella). The Bolognese reminded me of a cheesesteak. The gnocchi was not hot enough. I would probably not get this again.

What I did really like was how crispy the New Mexico flatbread $10 came out (spicy bbq fried chicken, sautéed onions, gorgonzola and chili aioli). Not just spicy bbq chicken but FRIED chicken. Yup! I portion is good for two people to share. The flatbread stayed crispy throughout our meal and after I took the final piece home.

They also have a couple of unique looking drinks in the fridge. We didn't try any this time but I will be back to try the mozzarella sticks (the stixx).


Try: New Mexico flatbread $10
Skip: fried pierogies $7
Maybe: gnocchi lasagna $12
So this place between, let's say, a lower Italian food chain (Sbarro's) and a sit-down Italian restaurant. I dropped by for take-out and got the Fun Guy Flatbread and the Gnocchi Lasagna that everyone raved about.

I loved the heaping amount of arugula on the Fun Guy. The flat bread is thinner of others that I've tried in the city. I can't say I was impressed by this dish because I've had better. The portion may look large, but like I said, the crust is really thin, and the mushrooms were concentrated in the middle. I would give this dish 3 stars.

I liked the Gnocchi Lasagna a lot, and decided to give this place 4 stars. The gnocchi is chewy, soft and the meat sauce is delicious. 

I would come back to try the other dishes. Staff was friendly as well.
I hate to have to do this 2 nights in a row, but here we go again:

Does anyone bother to read ANYTHING other than what they see posted on a backlit screen on one social or anti-social media platform ANYMORE?!?!

SERIOUSLY!!!!

Below are my verbatim standard delivery instructions in recent months, with my phone number x'd out for obvious reasons:

Special Instructions:
"CALL  xxx.xxx.xxxx WHEN YOU GET HERE.... BRING PLASTICWARE AND NAPKINS - DEF! -:) DRIVER MUST BE WEARING FACE MASK OR ORDER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED!!! NO EXCEPTIONS - PERIOD!!! THANK YOU!!!"

Does anyone reading this review have any problem understanding the basic, simple and direct language in these instructions?

Right, I didn't think so!

Would you think that at least ONE part of these simple requests/instructions might have be honored?

Not by Quikfixx!

There are reasons why I prefer to tip in cash, which was how this order was going to go if the driver had "bothered" to call me and show his face with a mask on it.

1: I used to work as a waiter for 8 years and I know what it's like to make a living from tips

2. And much more important in today's world, I need to see the driver with a face mask on.

Like it says in my instructions, "NO EXCEPTIONS - PERIOD!!!"

Frankly, I couldn't give a FLYING F*CK about what ANYONE thinks about face masks anymore.

But when it's my life and health at stake, the lives, health and well being of people I love and care about at stake, THEN WAKE THE F*CK UP, PAY ATTENTION AND SHOW SOME F*CKING RESPECT if you expect to get PAID!!!

The food?

Don't know, don't care, except that it was cold after being out on the sidewalk for g_d knows how long long until I finally called this so-called "restaurant."

It's in the freezer now, and will be OUT ON THE STREET with next week's TRASH, EXACTLY WHERE THE DISRESPECTFUL BONEHEADS FROM QUICKFIXX BELONG!!!

I ordered from Domino's. They don't have the same kind of selection, but they never let me down. And I can pay for the whole thing in cash if I want to, which means- no show with face mask, no deal at all.

End of story.

Figure it out, Quikfixx, because you need a QUICK FIX new way of doing things in today's 

End of story...

________________________________

WOW, Mr. M!,

You never responded to this review because you knew you didn't have a leg to stand on. So instead, you  chose the cowards way and responded to (attacked) another review of mine in such a "nice and polite way" and "with much aplomb" (your words, not mine) after CURSING AND SHOUTING AT ME OVER THE PHONE about how you thought that I was trying "to destroy" your business.

So Matt, as a business owner and operator of over 35 years (now successfully retired), I can assure you that NO ONE can destroy your business "better"than you can.

So stop your whining 12 year old quips, grow up, get a grip and learn how to run a business.

I could teach you how it works, but if you treat your employees the way you tried but failed to deal with me...like dirt with your Trump-like, rage filled hissy-fits, it would never work and there's no amount of money that could lure me out of retirement for the likes of you.

After experiencing ONLY ONE of your rage fits, it's no surprise to me that your employees might not do what "ask" them to do.

So pay the city what YOU owe the city for your failure to do business in an honest and respectful way.

You've heard from my bank again, so NO MORE GAMES, Mr. M.!

...or I'll see you in COURT, where your cowardly ways WILL finally catch you in your own little boy's bullying game...
I was so excited to stumble upon a new restaurant in my neighborhood. One night after work I was in need of a "quick fix" and decided to give them a try. I placed an order for pick up and the woman who took my order was extremely friendly. Trying to remain healthy in the new year, I decided on the grilled vegetable orzo, warm. I also added a salad for a few extra dollars, which ended up being much larger than the typical side salad. When I went to pick up my order, I was surprised by the extremely casual and "order at the counter" atmosphere, although they do have waiter service. It was still charming; I suppose it goes with its name. HOWEVER, I would not recommend ordering this dish. Maybe my palate isn't sophisticated enough, but the pickled ginger and goat cheese were not a good pairing. And their flavors were overwhelming. Despite my disappointment with the dish, I still decided the rate them 4/5 stars, primarily for the potential to be a great take-out spot. Based on the other reviews, I will be back for their flatbreads.
What a nice surprise to find this place. A typical Friday night is one where my husband asks where I want to eat and I say "I don't know,  you decide" then proceed to reject all of his suggestions. (Sound familiar anyone?) 

We narrowed our options by walking down south street looking for a casual small meal and outdoor table. We were lured over to Quick Fixx by the cute curbside  "parkette" and checked out the menu. It was a perfect combo of eclectic small plates with some comfort food and great prices. We settled on sharing a flatbread, fried pirogies and calamari.  

The staff was very friendly and the place was well organized and clean. A great selection of iced teas and unusual sodas. Our food came out quickly and was simply delicious. Highly recommend everything we ordered and can't wait to go back to try more items. 

The owner, Matt, came by our table to say hello. Super nice guy, the kind of person you want to succeed. Try the Quick Fixx for delivery or a nice casual meal. We will be back.
Amazing food!  The gnocchi lasagna was really tasty - I'll definitely be getting that again.  I also tried a quattro formaggi flatbread which was delicious.

The owner Matt took some time to explain the menu and its offerings.  Very nice guy, and from what I've tasted so far he's got a hit on his hands.

I can't wait to try some of the build-your-own pasta combinations.

Highly recommended!
This place is amazing! It's a cute little spot with outdoor seating and the service is quick. They're very friendly and the food is delicious! We were hungry so we ordered calamari, mozzarella sticks, gnocchi lasagna and chicken parm. The portions were a good size so we ended up taking most of our entrees to go. Def our new go to spot!
This is a multi-vectored review. 

17 minutes. That's how long it took them to deliver 5 distinctly delicious food items: fried pierogi, chicken strips, dough balls, salad with fried calamari, chicken parm penne pasta. 

Taste. The food was fantastic, it delivers, you won't be disappointed. 

Competence. The person who took my order was thorough, professional, focused. The delivery man was courteous and on point with the receipt and pen.

I'll be ordering from here again.
OMG the beer battered green beans are to die for! They know how to prepare them so they're not soggy when you yet them.  We gnocchi lasagna is sick awesome and if you want them a little lighter you can just get red sauce.  I also really enjoyed the Orzo salad, very fresh and delicious.  Really cute place to eat in as well.
Decent, quick but expensive grub. Small place. 

I got the Pomodoro pizza, which was really good. Nicely done thin crust, sweet tasting tomatoes. 

The Primavera salad really was more of a pasta dish. It wasn't what I was looking for, which is probably why I didn't enjoy it much. 

The Dusted Artichoke was just ok. not much flavor - and the garlic dip was VERY strong.
My boyfriend and I just wanted to give this place a try. The build your own pasta was delicious! All the ingredients were fresh and not overly processed. My boyfriend got the chicken tenders and they were crispy and tender.  The arugula side salad was a delicious complement to my rich pasta dish. 

I enjoyed the grilled artichoke and the dipping sauces. One of the artichoke halves was kinda pointy and that's why I didn't give this place five stars. 

 The quality of delivered food here is better than other options in my neighborhood. We have been looking for a take out place outside the realm of pizza  We will definitely try more food here the next time we don't feel like cooking. 

The guy who delivered the food was very nice.
Oh my god. I am so happy that Quick Fixx has moved into the neighborhood! The Arugula salad with grilled chicken tastes so fresh and light, but still satisfying! The gnocchi lasagna is delicious and comes in a pretty hefty portion! The goat cheese salad is to die for! As other reviewers have pointed out, the gnocchi lasagna is a little salty, so definitely not for those of you sticking to a low sodium diet, but I think it tastes great that way. We've gotten delivery every time we've had Quick Fixx and it's both fast and easy. The people are so friendly, the food is so fresh, and you don't have to break the bank to eat here! Definitely a new favorite.
This is by far my favorite take out spot in Graduate Hospital. I love the staff and the food is always on point. My favorites include the Fun Guy flat bread, (I add shrimp and mushrooms), and the Pasta Fresca, (I add meatballs, onions, and mushrooms). Their mozzarella sticks are homemade and the best I've ever had (and I'm a mozzarella stick enthusiast so that says a lot). The restaurant itself is very cute and intimate, great location right on South Street and when the weather is nice they have tables outside. If you chose to dine in it's a BYOB.
Super impressed with Quick Fixx. 
Have now had delivery twice now and both times great quality and taste.

Free deliver on their website 

We've tried the gnocchi lasagna was amazing. Not quite what I expected in a good way. Was expecting more of a tomato based sauce but it's not at all. Meaty, creamy and super flavorful.

Others had the flat bread(sun choke) 

Jalapeno perogies were fresh and tasty.

There was a custom chicken alfredo-like custom pasta in the mix that was well enjoyed.

Also a penne with a tomato cream sauce 

This place rocks and a definite recommend.

 Order again!!!

Thank you staff in these unprecedented Covid-19 times
I dont understand this place.... 1. its call the QUICK Fixx, but yet its not actually quick at all.  My boyfriend and I came in here when we were in a rush just to grab salads... I put chicken on mine and he didnt.. we both waited somewhere between 10-15 minutes for the food to be ready.  Dont put quick in your name if you are going to make people wait. I would understand if I waited for a fresh pizza or pasta, but a salad should not have taken that long, thats why we ordered it.  2. The prices are high considering the salad was average sized and not all that impressive.  For an additional (4.95 i think) I got 3-4 tiny pieces of chicken.... NO THANKS.  3.  They give you a TINY little container of dressing and dont even mix the salad for you... that part of the fun of getting a well mixed salad out somewhere vs making it at home,  if I had wanted just a side of dressing I would have asked, but I was not even given the option.   Not somewhere I will go back to, no thanks.
I love The Quick Fixx. I've sat down to eat here twice, and I've gotten lunch delivered a handful of times (I'm embarrassed to say how many...).
I get a side salad and BYO Pasta, every variation I've tried did not disappoint, especially for $10-12 before tip.
Best mozzarella sticks I've ever had. 

My favorite food is mozzarella sticks, and I am very picky with them. You can tell that they are made in store. They are HUGE, and the cheese is just so gooey. You get 7 in an order for $6, but if you order from 10-11 PM, they are $5!! I love that they have a $10 deal. My favorite is the flatbread, fries, and soda deal for $10! If you get fries, make sure you get the Parmesan fries! I've had the gnocchi lasagna (can be made vegetarian) and farmers wife salad, and I don't think it's worth the price. However, they're still good. They also have a little parklet outside so you have seating that's not on the sidewalk. You don't have people bumping into you as you eat!

Pros: MOZZARELLA STICKS, late night deals ($1 off quickies, $2 off chef signature entrees), parmesan fries, on grubhub

Cons: Salads are overpriced

This is one of my favorite spots in the city. I only live a block away and am sad to be moving farther away!
I was in the neighborhood for an appointment, walking back to my car with a grumbly stomach and stumbled upon The Quick Fixx. Decided to go for the $10 lunch special getting the gnocchi in garlic sauce + arugula salad. The gnocchi was quite good, but not as tender and squishy as I love. But it was fried on each side which gave it a different texture. The salad was just OK but they sure gave you a whole lot. Fresh arugula + parmasean + lemon vinaigrette. 

Service was very friendly, and the food was good enough that I want to come back to try the much talked about GNOCCHI LASAGNA :D
My husband and I have already eaten here twice...both times were such a treat! We sampled a few of their flatbreads: the Fixx, the Prosciutto and the Lancaster, PA. We highly recommend the Mushroom & Speck bruschetta and the all-star dish of the night, the Gnocchi Lasagna. My husband loved the Fixx so much on our first visit, he ordered it again. 

The ingredients are definitely fresh and the presentation is amazing for the affordable price point. I am glad to see so many positive reviews for The QUICK FIXX, because we hope this place sticks around. Looking forward to going back again!
The flatbreads here are great!  My favorite was the fun guy with truffled mushrooms, garlic, fontina, and a hint of rosemary.  It was savory and crispy with the perfect blend  of toppings.  The quattro formaggi is pretty good as well with a tasty cheese blend and flavorful sauce (it has a nice, slightly spicy bite).  The crust isn't too crispy but just perfectly thin without going near sogginess.  We also had a build-your-own pasta with spinach ravioli and pesto, which was delish.  So much better than takeout/delivery at about the same price.  Definitely worth stopping by!
This is definitely one of the better fast casual spots in town!  They have great healthy (and not-so-healthy) flavorful options, so everyone will be happy here. 

Their flatbread pizzas are delicious!  Also, their salads are very fresh and tasty.  I keep wanting to try a pasta, but I can't ever decide against a pizza and salad.  

They offer a $10 lunch special, which is a pretty good deal.  You generally get a meal, side, and drink.  However, you have to pay cash.

The only thing is I wish they would get A/C...!  The last time we went in for lunch, it was super hot inside the restaurant, and it was too hot to eat outside.  This is a perfect spot on a spring, winter or fall afternoon for lunch, but summer lunch was a bit toasty.
The name says it all. I found this place right here on Yelp! I was in the mood for Italian delivery and found The Quick Fixx. Unfortunately they did not deliver to Passyunk and Federal but I was still curious so I bookmarked them for the future and the future came a week later during one of those "I am not cooking crap" type of nights.

First off, the customer service here is phenomenal! The girl who took our order was beyond friendly and personable. She was very informative about the menu as this was our first time. She was one of those "I feel like I know you from somewhere" types of people who you actually never really met. 

I built my own pasta dish which is something I love about their menu. You get a choice of sauce, noodle, cheese and add ons like a protein and veggies. I did whole wheat spaghetti with tomato sauce, roasted red peppers, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella! It was SO YUMMY! Def hit the spot. My husband went with the Gnocchi lasagna which was a delicious indulgence. Everything was fresh, delicious and quick! 

The only thing I did not like was the seating. I wish they had more tables and less counter like seating. This is a BYOB so it would be nice to be able to sit at a cozy table. But besides that, if you want some quick Italian then this is it! Quick, affordable and delish!
One of the best pizza place we visited.
Great pizza and  customer service at a awesome price. We will highIy recommend to our friends.
We Will definiteIy visit again...
I'm not from the area, so when I read the reviews and saw the high rating I had no way of knowing this was not an Italian restaurant. This is Italian fast food. A few steps above Pizza Hut for sure, but it still boils down to the classiest Prego I've ever been served.

I knew the moment I walked in this wasn't what I had signed on for. Plastic stools, plastic semi-communal tables laid out strangely, loud dance music, drinks in the cooler, plastic cups instead of glasses, plastic plates, etc. But it was late and we were short on time, and I'm guessing people usually come here in similar situations. 

I built my own pasta, an option I had been really exited about but resigned myself to being disappointed with. I was. I got fettuccine in a tomato cream sauce with mushrooms. The mushrooms didn't seem fresh, and there wasn't a lot of sauce and it wasn't very creamy, which was fine because it was bland anyway. They apparently make their own fresh pasta. I'm not sure what the story is with that but it didn't help the dish any, I can tell you that much. My friend got penne in a tomato garlic sauce, my friend rigatoni in a regular tomato sauce- both tasted exactly the same and both tasted pretty similar to mine. 

I think this a place people come to drunk, or when they're craving late night Italian and don't want to bust out the canned tomatoes and take care of business themselves. Otherwise there's no excuse not to head to an actual Italian place, or even a pizzeria that offers pasta.

On the bright side, our server was a sweetheart.
After living minutes away for two years I can't believe I just finally tried Quick FIXX! The unassuming storefront surrounded by top rated restaurants always made me overlook this spot but I'm so happy I finally gave it a shot. This place is awesome! Quality fresh ingredients, huge portions and great service all along with awesome prices. There's a $10 cash lunch special until 4 that is so reasonable for all that you get. Love that they also have so much seating both indoors and outdoors!
I'm a sucker for a well-made salad, and the Quick Fixx hits the nail on the head with their make-your-own-salad option. All the dressings I've tried are great. I also love the sweet potato fries for when I'm pretending to be healthy (salad) but actually want to indulge my fat side at the same time (fries).

Haven't tried any pastas yet but it's only a matter of time! Ps- delivery is free when you order straight from them instead of GrubHub. Wahoooo!
Every time I eat here I feel like I have a mild case of food poisoning after...

The place is cute, and the concept is great. It's a convenient place to go grab a quick BYO dinner on the way to another excursion, but if you don't want to get sick later in the evening, maybe just skip this place.
I can't decide whether or not I like this place.  We've ordered from here a few times and the first time, I got the tortellini with the meat sauce.  The tortellini was standard frozen tortellini, but the meat sauce was really good.  I tried a bite of my friend's lasagna gnocchi and it was awesome.  

The second time we ordered, I got the gnocchi, but I got the four cheese sauce with it.  The gnocchi were dense and gummy, not light and fluffy like the first time I tried them, and the four cheese sauce was way too thick and not flavorful at all.  

They say the third time is the charm, so I'll just have to wait and see what my next Quick Fixx meal brings me.
Sorry Quick Fixx but my first experience will probably be my last. I love living in graduate hospital with all these new foodie havens popping up and judging by the foot traffic in this place I think it has a good chance for success. Unfortunately my experience was tainted from the start.

Standard Wednesday night, popped in to get a take out order. Picked one of the salads and asked to substitute grilled chicken for fried chicken. "No problem" the cashier replied as I continued the order. When it came time to pay I handed over the credit card to realize the amount seemed high. Upon further inspection this "no problem" was a $3 add on. In attempting to go back to fried chicken without remorse I was told too late, the card had already gone through. 

Of course at this point my bitterness wouldn't allow me to enjoy the meal but looking at how small this $14 salad was made me regret even more my dinner choice. The Panzarotti Poppers were delicious, at least the few that actually were stuffed as opposed to the majority which were just fried little balls. 

It's a shame as this would be a fun BYOB to hang out on casual nights. Hope you yelpers have better luck!
this place is awesome!!!
I went there tonight with my girlfriend, we split the junk salad with calamari on it, and then we split the sun choke flat bread.  Both were awesome, the basil pesto on the flat bread was my favorite part.  Came out to about $10 each, and it was definitely worth it!
(ps, they have late night specials after 10pm, $2 off the larger plates, $1 off the apps)
Unfortunately, the love is gone. They reduced portion sizes and the service is totally missing the mark on what they had going. Whereas they use to accommodate all my orders, now they are a bit fickle about delivery and special orders.  The food is still good, but waited 1:40 minutes (I'm 3blocks away)on my last order ($80) and they forgot my salad on the order before that.  What was once great, is now okay.  I believe they are hitting that critical mass point.
Still going strong!

What Quick Fixx is:
* fast casual dining
* quickly prepared
* quality, value, healthy food options
* customizable meals
* consistent (except for the rare occasion)
* friendly staff

What Quick Fixx isn't:
* full service restaurant
* good for large parties (the place is small)

Favorite foods include flatbreads, BYO pasta (mmmm gnocchi with pan marks), parm fries, and the honey mustard sauce
The staff is ridiculously friendly.  I was just running to go meet up with a friend so I made a quick decision for the Caesar salad and chicken tenders.  The salad was tasty, but I wished for more than 2 pieces of crostini and 2 pieces of Haloumi.  The tenders were crispy, and I am still thinking about the garlic aoli that came with it.

Upon leaving, I eyed up some tasty pasta dishes on another patrons dish.  Looks like I will have to be back.
Great calamari!!!! Awesome gnocchi. Loved the food here, can't believe this place never came across before. Very fresh food and the calamari is a MUST. Will be back!
I have gotten take out many times from The Quick Fixx, the food is delicious the staff is always friendly.  I love the chicken tenders they are probably my favorite thing i have tried so far.  It has been a few months since I have ordered and I am due for a trip back!
Quick Fixx has got a few things going for them:
Good food
Moderately priced
VERY fast delivery
Friendly Staff
BYOB
Well that's more than a few things.....

Thanks Quick Fixx.
I meant to do this earlier....this place gets 5 stars...after my flat bread mishap....the owner of The Quick Fixx called me personally to apologize and to make sure when I called to discuss my problem the person who spoke to me was professional.
Best of luck to Quick Fixx!
So I had some friends coming in for my birthday and the plan was to go have dinner together.  We are all pretty cheap so we didn't want to go somewhere fancy, but I did want a place where we could kick back a while with no pressure, drink wine (BYOB), and eat good food.

I found this place on Yelp, and it had good reviews so I gave it a shot.  

Okay, so my first reaction was, "eehhuuuuu....i dunno about this place."  It's super small, had vibe I wasn't initially digging, and we almost bailed.  But, we were hungry so we gave it a shot.

Best decision ever.

First off, the staff is amazing, extremely friendly and helpful.  The owner in particular was fantastic. I called ahead and said I was comin for my birthday and even though its tiny, he said he would take care of me.  Then we showed up (it was way smaller than i thought) and he totally took care of us. Extremely nice, conversational, but not obtrusive at all, even gave me a free birthday dessert!

Secondly, the food was amazing!  We decided to enjoy it family style, we got 3 flatbreads and 2 pastas.  The Diavolo was out of this world.  The flatbreads were fantastic too.  There were 5 of us and we had 4 different favorites, so it all really just depends on your own personal tastes.  Either way though, we loved all of it!

You guys gotta check this place out.  Grab some great wine, get some good friends, and have a fantastic cheap meal.
Ordered delivery when in town on a business trip. Delivery was quick.

I ordered the Gnocchi Lasagna and Stixx. The Gnocchi came with a bun also. I've never seen it on a menu any other restaurant, so I figured I would give it a try. So glad I did! It was amazing.

The stixx were mozzarella in some custom breading and seasoning mixture. You can taste they are handmade! 

Would definitely recommend and will order again.
Great food, great people, cool location. 

I used to work a ton of late nights so it was nice coming home and being able to get some good food that felt homemade. 

Usually got their pierogies as well as a gnocchi pasta dish. 

They also have a pretty wide selection of soft drinks ranging from the usual Coke to every flavor of Jarritos and other well known "gourmet" sodas. I'm a beer guy but I do appreciate it when I can get a Guava soda late at night. 

They also have some of the best brunch in the city and I'd definitely recommend them.
Quick Fixx is definitely one of my go-to's in Philadelphia. The food is affordable but excellent quality - definitely something hard to find in the pasta world where much of the choice is mediocre. I have tried a number of their dishes including the Smoky Roman and the pasta fresca, but now usually do the "build your own" pasta option. Great options, fresh ingredients.

I do wish that their delivery range was further - I live in University City and have to go down to their store to eat here. Their model is definitely meant for high quality take out/delivery, so I wish I could order in! All in all, I definitely recommend this place - have been going here for 3 years now.
Ordered delivery, yes it was 20 minutes before closing..yes the girl took my cc number four times before getting it correct but was apologetic and sweet.  But the pizza came literally ICE COLD?? who does that??? Really!? Philly..you are supposed to be known for your food but so far all my visits have been a fail and customer service and speed is horrendous.
My go-to place when I need a quick meal that I won't feel guilty about eating later. Even more convenient as it is only located a few blocks from my apartment. I've gotten take out and dined in at this place, and have never been dissapointed. The customer service is always great, the staff is super-friendly and attentive.

The food is great - I've had all of the salads and a few of the pasta dishes. LOVE the Di Carlo salad with the grilled halloumi cheese.  While the prices may seem a bit steep for a quick place that focuses on take-out, you're guaranteed a fresh, delicious, high quality meal every time.

They offer free delivery and stay open until 1am on the weekends.
The Quick Fixx offers big portions and reasonable prices for pretty decent food. The chicken parm is huge and for $10 you can't beat that. That's my go-to meal. Their flatbreads are also delic. My first experience eating there was sub-par as it was freezing that day. With deliveries and the door constantly opening, it was hard to enjoy ourselves. I would suggest ordering take out or delivery rather than eating there in person as it's just a pick-up counter with a few tables. And they are indeed, quick :)
Great salads.  Great vibe all around. Love the variations on the pasta dishes. Great service too.
Quick Fixx has been a consistently awesome go-to place for eats in my neighborhood for me even before I moved into the neighborhood. The day I rented my first place in Philly, I stopped in Quick Fixx because I needed just that: quick food, and healthy-ish, if at all possible. With their expansive salad menu prominently displayed on the wall, I quickly made the decision to slowly inhale something before the apartment open house. 

I ordered the goat cheese salad, which was delicious and delivered to me in around 10 minutes. Win! [And then I successfully rented my current apartment. Win again!] I remember especially loving the strawberries within the salad, currently replaced by (probably) more season-friendly apple slices, which are also quite nice. This salad has a nice balance of fruit, veggies and a little carbs with tortellini thrown in for good measure. This is the kinda combo that I know makes me feel full for a long time without the sluggishness of consuming a heavy meal, so it's kinda become my perfect option for lunch. 

Having just lovingly described my usual order, yesterday, I stopped into Quick Fixx and tried something outside of my usual, which was the arugula salad and the pierogis: yum! This is a more simple salad consisting of arugula, parm cheese, and dressing, but the dressing used for the arugula is kinda special: it's savory and lemon-y and just lovely. As an unofficial pierogi expert (qualifications: Central PA native, kinda Polish), these were great! They were fried in a way that felt lighter than I've tried elsewhere and had a nice amount of filling. The filling itself was pretty standard, but good. I'd be interested in trying the jalapeño pierogis someday. 

I am thankful to have this wonderful little spot on the edge of Rittenhouse that offers year-round freshness!
Love the food and the people are always nice. Good, casual place to bring beer or wine and enjoy good eats at very reasonable prices. Plus, you can't beat the lunch deal where you can get a flatbread, side salad, and a drink for ten bucks (cash only for the special). Speaking of specials, Bob & Barbs is directly next door. Winner winner.
During lunchtime, the "Smokey Roman," the Quick Fixx version of carbonara is just $10 with a beverage. The plate of fettucini pasta in an egg yolk and cheese sauce is topped with crispy bacon pieces and lemon zest to brighten it up. A fluffy piece of bread comes on the side. I really enjoyed the pasta, it needed no extra seasoning and wasn't too heavy.

The staff was really friendly; I was served quickly and offered fresh Parmesan. It was extremely pleasant to eat in one of their outdoor table and people watch. The Quick Fixx also provides upkeep for the "parklet" out front, which is open to the public. This place is perfectly suited for its spot on South Street.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I just couldn't. I had the tortellini and it tasted like frozen, store bought stuff. However, the lasagna gnocchi that my boyfriend ordered was AMAZING. My roommate had tortellini as well, and while I think she liked it, she agreed that the gnocchi was the best of the 3 of our meals. We also ordered the cheese sticks, and they were good not great. 

All in all, this place is solid but not something I'd go running to, unless I want gnocchi.
Incredible addition to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood.  Real food, real fast, great service.  What really sets QF apart from other take-out / delivery options is the use of fresh, quality ingredients.  You are eating real food, not something frozen or nuked in a microwave.  Each dish is fresh and bursting with flavor.  The flatbreads are delicious.  My favorite dish so far was the Seasonal Goat Cheese salad topped with white basalmic vinaigrette.  Incredible.  Pastas dishes do not dissapoint.  The Diavolo brings the heat without overwhelming.  And the Panzarotti poppers should be illegal they are so good.  Not in the mood for anything on the menu?  Make your own salad or pasta.  You literally cannot go wrong in this place.  Eat in or take out, the Quick Fixx is a great option for nights where you don't feel like cooking, but don't want to bust your wasteline or your wallet.
Retro Pesto was a little heavy on the pesto but overall very good.  Plus the delivery guy and I had perfect timing, haha.
What a lovely little place! The servers were super friendly and very helpful. Food came out fast and we all had a great meal! Not a single complaint. The server found out that it was my birthday and brought us a free dessert, it was such a wonderful and thoughtful surprise! I will definitely be going back.
the prices for a takeout salad were about $4 more than they should be.  the food was good, portions were small.  the music was way too loud.  they seemed to have like 8-9 people working in the kitchen, standing around.  no need for that many employees, perhaps you could then bring your prices down with your competition.  no reason to visit this place again
This restaurant is almost exactly what you'd expect of it from the name, but perhaps a little better. Not saying that in a bad way - love this place and have been here pretty frequently to both eat-in and and take-out. I do, however, feel as though a better name choice would put a better perception on their food. For a while, I avoided going here thinking it was more of solely drunk-food kind of establishment (although that can't really be the case because they close relatively early).

The calamari is so good - the best part is that it's mixed with delicious little crispy onions and the sauce that it comes to dip with is also so good.

I usually get the Smoky Roman pasta as an entree which always hits the spot, but is never quite as good leftover {which you would standardly expect from any pasta that isn't with meat sauce}.

The flatbreads are nothing spectacular, so I usually steer clear of those.

Good, relatively cheap, and fast service. A great place to go if you want Italian-American food in a casual setting without a full-service waitstaff, as you order at the counter and then the food is brought to your table.
After a day on the road (thanks Philly, route 76 moving 8 miles an hour) and then hours of cooking, let's make Thanksgiving eve easy and grab some take out, we ordered...

panzarotti poppers which were minuscule and few, although flavorful

beef and cheddar flat bread, beef was tender with a tangy smokey sauce slather

funguy flat bread had a great truffle presence 

sun-choke flat bread was great, every little goat cheese crumble sun-dried tomato pesto bite

mac and cheese, the broccoli was seldom, the bits of bacon plenty, consistency a little grainy 

not bad for the start of feastgiving
I went to The Quick Fixx on a Sunday afternoon looking for a quick, tasty and reasonably priced lunch and that's exactly what I got. I had the Spaghetti and Meatballs (upgraded to Meaty Marinara) and my friend had the veggie Gnocchi Lasagna. We both really liked our dishes. The meatballs in my spaguetti were delicious, noodles were really good (not positive, but they tasted fresh) and the sauce was good, although I like my marinara more heavily seasoned. I did not try my friend's gnocchi lasagna, but it looked amazing - the gnocchi was perfectly seared. 

In short, this is a perfect place for a quick lunch or dinner that's gonna be satisfying and won't hurt your pocket. I should also note that the menu is very interesting, it gave me plenty of reasons to come back to The Quick FIxx.
Quick and tasty for lunch. Favorites : 
1. Gnocchi lasagna.
2. Pasta with pesto sauce.
3. Fun guy flatbread. 
4. Pasta fresco.
Really cool little restaurant.  Heavenly Salad is appropriately named!  Delicious. Dressing is fab.  Friendly staff. Cheerful decor.
Lunch special - if you pay in cash the entree is only $10 (tax included)
My salad (Farmer's) was amazing - mozzarella, dried cherries, chopped almonds, red bell pepper, avocado... What else? I will go back to try the heaven salad as well which looked spectacular. It was a ton of food. 
Side of Brussels sprouts was nothing special. I should just stick to only getting them roasted or grilled.
What's the point in writing a review when everyone else has said exactly what you wanted to say?  Because a good thing is worth repeating.  

I travel for work, and Philly is a place I've frequented recently.  My colleague found this place on Yelp when we narrowed our choices to our location and "Italian".  I must say - it was worth the 1 mile walk!  We ordered the tomato and speck bruschetta (based on the staff's suggestion), the gnocchi and the daily special squash ravioli.  Not only was everything spectacular - but Matt (the owner) came out and talked to us personally!  What exceptional service!  This concept is meant to go viral.  It's simple really - make great food, serve appropriate portions and charge a reasonable price.  You do this by having an awesome menu and a dedicated team that wants to serve the Philly community.  I will frequent this place when I am here for work - and I will spread the word to anyone who's looking for a delicious meal with awesome service.  

The only thing that would have made this meal better is a nice glass of red wine - now I know to bring my own!
Food is decent for a "quick fix". I'm always baffled by the usage of plastic cups and bowls at establishments that have eat/dine-in options. It just weirds me out and cheapens the experience. 

On the upside:
- Food is decent enough that I'd come back. 
-Andreanna is totally awesome/attentive and provides superb customer service, someone should promote her to manager. 

I had the calamari and crab soup which came in a kindergartners bowl (I really hope they change that!). Soup tasted better than it looked though I'm not sure how much crab was in it. Calamari was okay.
My wife and I both got make your own versions of the gnocchi. The pasta was pillowy, not that doughy stuff a lot of places serve. Perfect comfort food for a cold night. Highly recommended.
I had been wanting to go here for over 8 months now, but never got the chance to check it out. One evening, I was walking down the street to go to PHS pop up garden and passed by this place. Instantly, I got excited and asked my friend we would could have dinner here after PHS. We got there and ordered lasagna gnocchi, pierogies, and smoke Roman pasta. When the food came out, I noticed that my gnocchi lasagna had beef in it, and I apologized to the waiter and asked him if he can bring vegetarian gnocchi out for me as I didn't notice that the menu said that it had beef in it. Out waiter without any problem or attitude said "sure, it's not a problem" and brought me vegetarian one. I felt so bad and kept apologizing to him and he didn't mind that he had to ask for another order for me. Will def come back here again, all of our food was delicious. I want to try their flat bread next time.
Decent, quick food when you're in a pinch or not sure what to eat. Definitely a good selection of dishes and they have daily specials.
