I can't say anything bad about this place. I dined here during restaurant week and EVERY course was delicious! I cleaned my plate for EVERY course. I started with a cup of Earl Grey tea and the yummy assorted breads. My appetizer was a mushroom and goat cheese tart. While it wasn't really what I expected (a quiche type tart) it was more so puffed pastry with a soft cheese and assorted mushrooms...it was DELICIOUS! For the main course I had the lamb shepherd's pie which was also delicious! It was full of flavor! For dessert, I had Sticky Toffee pudding served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was SO GOOD and moist! It had a unique flavor of cardamom and toffee. The service was great, the ambiance was great, and I can't WAIT to go back and try the rabbit pot pie I've heard so much about!
After hearing how gorgeous the new Dandelion Pub was from friends, I was extra stoked to have dinner plans there just a couple days after the opening. The space was indeed pretty, if a bit overkill in some of the kitsch, like the room with all the dogs. I'm talking portraits of dogs, figurines of dogs (some of which had creepy illuminated eyes), curtains with dogs. It was a bit much. But the furniture was cool and a lot of thought went into the place overall, and I can't take away from that. 

We sat down and there was a mix-up where most of the table received lunch menus while only one received a dinner menu. After making the realization, we were given dinner menus and were able to get down to it.

I was looking forward to a cask beer but should have read the fine print: all cask selections at The Dandelion are served at cellar temperature. As a rule, casks always seem to be served a little warmer than regular draught beer, and I struggle with this to begin with since I like my suds cold, but love the taste of cask beer. I had only ordered a half pint, and even that was hard to get down. My next beer was a regular draught, which was a bit colder. My last beer, a Narragansett can, was jussst right. And super classy-looking, I'm sure.

No matter! My cold brew went perfectly with my entree, fish and chips. A large hunk of battered and fried cod was served over wax paper on top of a cutting board, with a pail of thick cut chips and some very nice housemade ketchup. Delicious.

I sampled a couple other items off of the menu and, to be honest, I wasn't wowed. Apparently the selections were as true to English pub fare as could be, so I think maybe I'm just not a fan of that style. I'd probably order fish and chips on a future visit anyway, although the burger intrigued as well.

I continue to waver between three and four stars, even as I complete this review, but I'm going to ultimately go with four and see how things go on my next visit.
I love this place. It is the quintessential English pub in Philly. On our recent visit Dandelion was already decked out in Christmas finery. Lovely.
There was a fire in the fireplace (a real wood burner). We were able to snag a cozy seat in the Inglenook.
Despite the nip it in the air, I was craving something citrusy. The Big Ben fit the bill nicely. F was looking forward to a beer flip all day.
We didn't have any food this time, but whatever was cooking smelled divine.
Looking forward to more cold winter evenings by the Dandelion fire.
We wanted to impress my boyfriend's father with what Philly has to offer in the food scene - the Dandelion was a good choice! We started off with the warm bar olives and some great English beers. The decor of this place is out of this world - it really feels like you are in an old British home. We were told that everything inside the restaurant was purchased from estate sales in England - no wonder it felt so authentic.

Our table had the lamb shephard's pie, the rabbit pie, the pork belly, and the house burger. We decided that the pork belly was the winner of the night, although everything was excellent. The sheer portion size of the pork belly blew us away. And the flavors over the braised red cabbage were so so good. I have cooked braised cabbage like this before and have never gotten it to this point, because I am pretty sure you need to cook it down for like 12 hours in order for the flavors to be this good. Along with mustard seed mashed potatoes - how can you go wrong? 

All of our other entrees were savory and very heavy, but very appropriate for the theme of the restaurant and the surroundings. We had to skip dessert on account of tight belts, but I opted for a chocolate stout that was the perfect end to the night.
A charming restaurant with a terrific interior and good service. The food is pretty good - portions are small but not too expensive considering the location. Good selection of local beers.

The Welsh rarebit was maybe a C+, an uninspired take of white bread covered in a little bit of mustard and cheese. 

The fish and chips had great chips, just like I had in London. The fish was small, perhaps the smallest cut that I've ever seen, with too much breading. It was OK.

The smoked salmon filet pasta with cream was a little bit bland but was a large portion that did the job. 

The shepherd's pie was terrific, with strong unctuous lamb flavors and the right balance of potato and cheese. It was tiny, not close to a meal portion, so keep that in mind and order it perhaps as an appetizer. 

The best thing about the restaurant is the space. You feel like you're in a turn of the century club. Even though our room on the second floor was packed, it felt intimate and casual. The key with this restaurant is to order the right dish and enjoying the ambience.
Steven Starr v.3.04 active

c:\New Projects
c:\New Projects\Newrestaurant.exe

USERNAME: StevenStarr1
PASS: DieGarcesDie

Welcome to the Steven Starr restaurant creator! Please choose three keywords.

1. England
2. Fireplace
3. Dogs

Please wait...creating restaurant.
Decor/profitability maximization.....complete.
Menu creation....complete.
Jukebox that matches restaurant style...Processing error.

Restaurant created! Please insert 3.5 Million dollars to build THE DANDELION PUB.

3.5 Million dollars accepted!

You have now built a new restaurant! Please hit enter to receive PROFIT.

--
The Dandelion pub looks like it cost 3.5 million dollars(because it did). Say what you will about the kitsch factor, but it is done well. If you are going to have a gimmick, go big or go home. Starr goes big here. The place has beautiful wood furniture, banisters, and a fantastic fireplace.

Sadly, the food doesn't match up quite as well to the ambiance. I'm a big fan of ol' Starr, but the menu here just doesn't match up as well as it does to other places. The deviled eggs are good. The shepherd's pie is good. The fish n' chips is good. That's it. The food is fine but it doesn't have the transporting properties that the space does(and for the price, it damn well should). I'm not a fan of the warm cask beer but it is worth a try.

If I do go back, I will get the steak that Rachel G. has lauded with praise. Perhaps that will change my review.
After all the hype surrounding The Dandelion, I finally made it there with my sweet close-knit friends, to celebrate my birthday. I have to say I wasn't too crazy about it.
With more than 890 reviews, I'll skip the introduction and go straight to what did not make me go"WOW"!

- We were greeted warmly, and seated immediately ( we had reservation ) at a nice table on the second floor, on the other hand, the service was NOT prompt. It took forever to get drinks and, they forget bring out my friend's Brussels sprout side dish.

- My Deviled Eggs were so creamy and a classic tasty bite, however, the Codfish was exceedingly oily. 

- I was looking for the undoubtedly British popular sticky Toffee Pudding. A quality after-dinner dessert that would bring more happiness and joy to our lovely night. The cake was warm and moist, but very, very sweet. wasn't too impressed. 

That being said, we still had a great night. A nice and relaxing birthday dinner

Three and half Yelps!
The Dandelion transports me back to London. Starting with the space - it almost reminds me of something in Harry Potter; it's a dimly lit with creaky wooden floors & the walls feature wall paper and antique-like fixtures. I'm sure my memory embellished that a little, but it's charming. 

I love that the menu is classic gastropub, but sprinkled with Indian influence like. I recall having the best Indian food of my life in London so I appreciated the nod! 

We had the following cocktails/snacks/entrees. I also really enjoyed the starter bread! 
*PIMM'S DELUXE (pimm's #1, bluecoat gin, lemon, muddled cucumber): This cocktail was great. Refreshing! 
*DEVILED EGGS: I don't recall what flavor it was, but it was a good deviled egg. Came with 4. 
*BEER BATTERED FISH & CHIPS (line caught cod, tartar sauce and triple cooked chips): Wow, so flaky with just the right breading to fish ratio. I also loved the savoriness of it; they definitely made sure to salt the cod! 
*Corn Porridge (corn, tomatoes, hen of the woods): Got this dish because of the hen of the woods. I LOVE hen of the woods and Dandelion prepared it beautifully. The smoky char was fantastic with the creamy corn porridge (kind of like mashed potatoes!) and tomato. Yum. 

124/365
Stephen Starr has done it again!  Dandelion is AWESOME from the food to the best ambiance I've experienced in Center City.  I really cannot wait to go back to the dog bar upstairs or sit by the fireplace downstairs, if I am lucky enough to snag a spot there.

There are several levels of the restaurant.  It feels really intimate in each space, which has its own design and layout.  I believe that this is pretty authentic based on my one trip to the UK a few years ago.  But honestly - knowing that Great Britain is not exactly known for its food - the ambiance is the only thing that this place has in common with its inspiration!  But I digress.  Major ambiance highlights include wood-burning fireplaces, which are a treasure during winter months, and the dog bar upstairs, with tons of photos and statues of dogs.  The furniture is all old-school - lots of wood, wooden tables, chairs and paneling.  Check out the room upstairs painted in off-white with a bay window overlooking 18th street and a beautiful light fixture...it looked very appealing and warm in there.

The food was great and the service was very friendly and welcoming.  It was crowded in there but they sat us within 20 minutes or so (no problem, I rocked some Pinot Noir while we waited).  PS - looks like a fun beer selection here.

Here's what we ordered:

-deviled eggs - nice curry flavor, but not overpowering at all.  MMM!

-butter lettuce salad - lightly dressed with apples, bleu cheese, pomergranite seeds...why is butter lettuce so good?

-fois gras - I don't usually order it.  Came with an egg, thick-cut bacon and balsamic reduction = one tasty bite!

-NY Strip - OUT OF CONTROL GOOD...comes with two sauces, one was a little creamy and one was a rich bbq-esque flavor.  This steak DEFINITELY rivals ALL steak houses I've been to in Center City BY FAR.  I could not get enough of this steak.  That is all I have to say.

-Roasted organic chicken - I don't usually order chicken out but this is the place to get it...came on potatoes, I caught a taste of turnips, roasted baby carrots...simple, delicious, hearty.

Next snow day you can find me at the fireplace in Dandelion.
I've been back for high tea several times since my initial review and my gripe still stands-the damn stale, dry, curling bread topping the tea sandwiches. 

The sandwich fillings are all devilishly tasty, the sweets and scones are quite good and nicely presented so why not serve the scones with true authenticty and accompany them with clotted cream? 

For all the times I have come here over the past 5 years and spent $50 for afternoon tea, it's distressing to get the same dried out tea sandwiches every SINGLE time. When I've mentioned it to the server, I'm politely told, 'Thank you; we'll let the kitchen know.' Either that never happens or else it does and someone in the kitchen gives the 'wanker' hand gesture in the direction of my table and keeps letting the sandwiches dry out. I'll never know. 

Having been in the hospitality/catering business, the solution, if making all your tea sandwiches well in advance of serving them, is to cover them with a damp linen towel to keep the thinly sliced bread from drying out. It's a very easy fix. Such a simple solution; it does not require an advanced degree from a culinary school.  My immigrant grandmother, who grew up on a farm and never got past grammar school, has been doing this most of her life. It's how I learned the little trick.

I DO know that after 5 years of being served expensive, less than ideal food that's been allowed to sit and lose freshness, I won't be back for any more of Dandelion's over priced, over the hill tea sandwiches.
Great service, really, really nice front desk folks and amazing sweet waitperson! Delicious beets and lovely libations and bread. We had a lovely evening of mussels, yellow tomato soup, cucumber salad and the aforementioned beets. But we requested no salt and it was the saltiest food in Philadelphia! There was even salt sprinkled on the butter! Who does that? Anyway, if the chef would be more conscientious regarding dietary concerns of his customers, the fifth star would not have been withheld. I must repeat how great the front desk and waitstaff are, they are the reason for the fourth star.
I've come here more for Tea Time and Deviled Eggs than I should. Over the years I've had, Macaroni & Cheese, Duck Bolognese, House Made Ricotta, English Style Cheese Board and a few others. 

As the food fares, I've never been blown away. Every experience here has seemed pretty bland. The only reason I go back is for the Deviled Eggs. It's quite peculiar. On one hand I'm not a fan of Curry (it can be overpowering and I can't handle heat), yet their blend of spices for the filling are bold, savory, and well balanced. 

It's a shame this place doesn't give off a better experience considering it's not cheap but nevertheless maybe one day they will rise to the occasion.
We were so surprised to find an English restaurant in the heart of Philly, and being that my husband is English, we couldn't wait to check it out. During COVID, Philly restaurants are all only doing outdoor seating, so most spots have tables down the street. The Dandelion was no exception and had really dressed up the outdoors with plants and cute decorations throughout. We called the day-of to make reservations on a Monday night, which I'd recommend doing since this place is popular. 

I ordered a beer to start and found it cool to see that they had beers from London and Bedford on the list. So fun and authentic. 

For food, we got the Scottish salmon, mashed potatoes, and steak & chips (fries). The salmon was delicious and came with a round bit of salted herb butter on top. I'm not really an herb person, but I loved the idea. Both of our meals came with a watercress salad, which I learned is similar to spinach but slightly smaller leaves. The mashed potatoes were creamy and it was nice to have a healthy and high-quality meal during our travels!  

The steak and chips were awesome as well and we both ate every bite. They also bring out fresh bread and salted butter that was almost my favorite of the meal. It was absolutely delicious.
Brunch with friends and everything was amazing! 
Our server was very polite and promptly took our order and we were served in a timely manner. The food tasted great and the presentation was beautiful. The place is very pleasant, not loud and you can enjoy your meal without feeling pressured or interrupted. Our drinks were wonderful too! 

Overall, The Dandelion made our trip and our happy hours great and we will be back again when we are in the area!
I absolutely loved the Dandelion - if I lived in Philly, I could totally see myself coming here all the time. First of all, the decor (which if I had to sum it up, is old British townhouse with dusty tomes and knick-knacks) truly speaks to my soul. The restaurant is bigger than it looks on the inside. There are various sections, all extremely cozy, with armchairs, barstools, little tables, etc. My favorite, not to be biased, as where we were seated - on the upper floor with a bar that had lights modeled off the British Tube. 

The food was also delicious, though the stand-out wasn't something I ordered. 

Deviled eggs: I am a huge fan of deviled eggs and will basically order it every time I see it on the menu. This version was particularly tasty. Loved the touch of paprika in the curry flavoring. 

Chilled yellow tomato soup: I'm going to have to try making this at home myself. Simple, fresh, perfect for when it's super hot out. The ingredients really came together, particularly the pine nuts and olives. 

Dandelion salad: The size makes this a good starter to share with two people or even as an entree if paired with an appetizer. I love it when a salad has multiple kinds of leaves. My only complaint is the dressing was a little heavy-handed and kind of oily. 

Tandoori chicken: This is an absolute must-get. I tried a bite and had instant food regret. The portion was particularly generous for the price.

Green beans: The only thing I'd not order the next time. Was way too oily with the tomato sauce. Should have ordered the chips instead. 

Definitely would come back to order the tandoori chicken and the rabbit/shepherd pies.
We shared the housemade ricotta with sourdough. Make sure you ask for a side of peach jam that comes w scones but u can hav it w this too. The ricotta was whipped so light and cut w sour cream that it tasted like airy butter. This app is so huge for jus the two of us but simple and good.

She had a roast beef sandwich and I opted for eggs Benedict w bubbles n squeak. Or is it pibbles n squeak? Apparently there's an adorable story behind the name. Both entrees were good but too much food. The roast beef was tender and came w simple horseradish that we needed seconds of. The bibbles was yummy cut w bbq sauce. 

Nothing beat the two hour drive that reunited 2 besties with months of catching up to do. We coulda been on the sidewalk for all we cared but we were in this quaint house turned restaurant w great service.
We had some friends visit us from Britain and we asked them, "If you could only eat one genre of food the rest of your life, what would it be?"  when they replied British Roast Dinner I was a little confused as to maybe they didn't understand the question.  However if roast dinner is anything like what i experienced here, I'd want it every day too. 

If you got on a Sunday you must get it.  It comes with a massive roast with veggies and all the fixings.  Definitely having leftovers. 

My wife got the corn pudding as was quite pleased by this creative spin on an old classic.  

All of the food was excellent and the service was great too.  It's a cute little house type thing, thus can lead to it being a little loud, but that's all hip these days.

 I would love to go back and try other things.  Or go to England...I'll have to think about it.
We came here last night and experienced many of the acclaimed "just-opened" jitters. To start, earlier in the week we tried to reserve a Friday evening table for six and were told no, that we should just show up the night of when we would only wait about a half hour. Came, left a phone number at the stand, popped down the street for some less costly suds (inside the lion's bar was uncomfortably packed) and an hour and a half later we still hadn't been called. Finally got through to them and were told to come right over, but now our 7PM meal had a 9PM start. More mix-ups as the night progressed, but that triviality is hardly worth mentioning (especially since the things they forgot were free when they finally came). 

We had apps elsewhere due to the wait, so entree orders were the majority of what was placed. Food came staggered, but it was at least very tasty to me. I got the Welsh Rarebit, which had a strangely good mustardy-cheese flavor (strange because I tend to dislike mustard), and the subtle taste of the bread just capped off it's gooey goodness. Moved onto the lamb Shepard's pie, and it's flavor was great; a perfect dish for the bitter cold night with an excellent meaty sauce, a good amount of creamy mashed potato, and a cheese crust on top that was not overly thick (bonus, no peas!). The glutton in me could have torn up a pie twice as big as the one that came, but the average person in me finished the meal full and content. I also tried my GF's chicken and it was quite good; cooked perfectly so that it was tender and moist, and with a mellow thyme sauce that really helped the dish out (sauce could have packed more of a punch, but that's just because I dig a strong dose of thyme flavor when I get down on it). 

The other diners ordered the cheese plate and a few burgers with mixed reviews. Three did not like the cheese for the burger, and of those, two didn't like the pepper slaw (going so far as to describe their feelings towards the burger as a strong hate). The cheese plate was cool, with a mix of non-dairy items that would normally set off such a dish (quince slaw, apple slices, apricot, grapes...), but the three cheeses were actually a little boring; White cheddar, yellow cheddar, and blue cheese? I get a better variety in single slices when I raid my mother's fridge. 

Beer, which was an appealing factor for me to come here, was a tad disappointing. Last night was my first sampling of cask beer, and it was okay with that whole room temp. thing (at least on a low teen January night), but I really like the tiny bubbles in my wine, so I switched to the 7% Yards IPA draught (?draft? That spelling always gets me) and started feeling much more happy, and much more fine (helped me forget that i was paying $5+ for 8oz.-O-suds, and then $9+ for 16oz.). Generally, it seems they have 3ish casks, about 6-8 draughts, and then a good 15 bottles/cans, but the choices didn't really float my boat (or the prices). 

It's a Stephen Starr joint so, if you are familiar with any of his spots, you pretty much know how you'll like it before you walk through the door. Speaking of walking through the door, if you are there for dinner, bypass the downstairs pubbery, the suited up tough with flashlight at the base of the stoop (don't be scared, his job is to shine a light at your feat as you de/ascend the steps while also keeping said steps clear), and head right to the second floor to find the host stand, else the diners arriving after you will almost certainly one up you in the seating order. 

If I am dropping bucks (even though someone else treated me) I want to be wowed, so I doubt I'll return, but maybe someone will pick up the tab again, so who knows.
tl;dr a cozy, multi-roomed eatery that offers an upscale take on classic British pub fare

There's a reason that Stephen Starr has become a mainstay on the Philadelphia restaurant scene -- his establishments each bring something innovative to the city while offering unmatched attention to detail. As is the case for The Dandelion, a sophisticated interpretation of the quintessential British pub. The restaurant is built into what once was a Victorian-style home, and each room separate room is given a theme (the dog-themed bar on the second floor is a highlight). Immediately walking in, a lit fireplace and warm accent lighting greet you.  As you make your way upstairs to a table, framed black-and-white cartoons line the stairwell. The walls are plastered with gaudy wallpaper, cut off abruptly by the stamped-metal ceiling. The furniture features refurbished woodwork, and the windows showcase crochet doily curtains.

During my visit, The Dandelion was surprisingly busy for a Sunday evening. There was a low level of chatter throughout the restaurant. As my partner and I browsed the menu, we admired the milk jugs carafes for water and the family heirloom bread dishes. We decided to share the Welsh Rarebit, the Smoked Salmon & Trout Kedgeree Cakes, the Chicken & Duck Liver Parfait, and the Sunday Roast. Immediately after ordering, we were brought a bread basket to much on. The bread was fresh, but I wish it had been warm to more easily spread the butter. The sea salt encrusted sourdough offered crisp crust and a soft, flavorful interior. On the other hand, the honey oat stout didn't particularly stand out -- it tasted "healthy." Within a few minutes, our two appetizers came out. The rarebit consisted of two large, thick slices of bread, with a toasted crisp on outside and pillowy center, topped with a cheesebread-esque mustard spread. Meanwhile, the kedgeree cakes were crisp, salty croquettes, and they were not overwhelming fishy. The mint sauce was light and robust, making it the perfect compliment to the cakes. Seemingly seconds after finishing up our first course, our waitress handed us some huge plates -- the entrees. The liver parfait was enormous, and it was served with 3 thick pieces of toast. The real kicker, though, was the grape chutney, that provided the perfect sweetness to cut an otherwise overwhelmingly rich spread. Moving onto the Sunday Roast, the steak itself was well-cooked and served with a rich stout gravy and a whipped horseradish cream; unfortunately, though, it was on the lukewarm side. The roasted potatoes were well-cooked, with a crisp outside and soft inside, but it could have used seasoning. The watercress salad was fresh and crisp, but the mustard dressing didn't stand out. The Yorkshire pudding was soft and tasty, but I wish it was warm and flaky. Finally, the carrots were cooked in a deliciously sweet brown sugar sauce, complimented well by fresh ground pepper.

For a hair over $70, my partner and I left full and satisfied. While the food was not the very best I have eaten in Philly, The Dandelion fills a niche that immediately transported me to London, and I definitely am looking forward to my next visit.
umm i woulda given this place 4 stars because i actually loved it but i just found out from the City Paper review that they use beef fat to fry their food. Why. WHY is it necessary to do that but then UNnecessary to tell your patrons who specify they are VEGETARIAN. 

not a fan.
Like every other Starr restaurant ever, this place looks awesome. It's cozy and full of dark wood and Britishy knickknacks and even its scent is exactly how I imagine England smells, all old and redolent of damp books. (...I mean that in an absolutely positive way.)

Let's take a look at the menu, yeah? Wow, there's a bunch of English ales on cask that I would LOVE to try. But I'm here for a work lunch and so is my boss, so I'll appreciate the selection of interesting English sodas and settle on a fancypants ginger beer, which was great.

From apps to entrees, we've got rabbit, prawns, chicken, fish, duck, more fish, sausage... it's like a dead Noah's Ark in here. The waitress warns me that the fries are cooked in beef fat. There's exactly one vegetarian option - a butter lettuce salad - and that is a pretty nice salad, with apples and Stilton and whatnot. 

I'll come back for dessert and 6 beers sometime when I'm feeling flush, but if you're not into eating meat, you probably won't be too into eating here.
Between waking up early to get to the airport and my five and a half hour flight, I was starving by the time I got out of the cab at my friends' apartment.  My body was telling me it was time for a late lunch, but my watch was telling me it was time for an early dinner.  EIther way, I just knew I was hungry!

When we first walked up to The Dandelion, I wouldn't have guessed that we were about to step inside a restaurant, let alone one belonging to the famed Stephen Starr.  The cozy, warm décor gave off the feel of someone's home or a B&B, but the sight of the bar and the menu clearly screamed grastropub.

-- DEVILED EGGS with Curry, Paprika, and Cayenne Pepper...$6
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-dandelion-philadelphia#E9vfNXcVXNLFcNpRSUf16Q)
Rave reviews or not, I was set on getting this dish (love deviled eggs!).  The "yolk" was just a bit creamy and well seasoned.  The slight kick from the curry and cayenne pepper was great!

-- CHICKEN & DUCK LIVER PARFAIT with Grape Chutney, Cornichons, and Brioche Toast...$13
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-dandelion-philadelphia#1cwthd-roEi8mWZVtxGCdw)
As good as the Deviled Eggs were, I liked this one better.  The parfait was a touch rich, but the taste was terrific.  Loads of flavors without that gritty, irony taste to it.  Simply fantastic.

-- TRADITIONAL ROAST BEEF SIRLOIN with Yorkshire Pudding, Watercress, Roast Potatoes, Vegetable of the Day (Roasted Carrots), Horseradish, and Beef Gravy...$28/$56 for two
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-dandelion-philadelphia#I66h9cqHl9Ebs7TkrSQ0iQ)
A couple of other dishes were a little more appealing, but I just had to get the roast since it was available (Sundays and bank holidays only).  The order was HUGE!  The roast was juicy and tender, but the center of the cut wasn't all that flavorful.  I also really liked the watercress salad, but the carrots were a little thick and uneven.

If/when I'm back in town again, I would definitely come back for the appetizers and drinks (or opt to try another entree), but not so much for the roast.  While it was good, I can get better at the House of Prime Rib in SF.  Still, having a delicious and satisfying meal while also striking off a Stephen Starr restaurant off my list of things to do in Philadelphia was a great start to my trip!
Located near Rittenhouse Square, The Dandelion offers delicious food in a warm British Pub inspired environment with exceptional service. 

We had reservations here on a recent Friday for a birthday celebration.  Our server was top-notch.  He was knowledgeable about the food menu as well as the libations.  He was also quick to offer suggestions and constantly ensuring we were attended too. 

The complimentary fresh bread served prior to our meal was really terrific.  We tried to resist, but polished off the entire basket. For appetizer, we ordered the Smoked Salmon & Trout Kedgeree Cakes. They were small round fried balls, not flat cakes as we expected.  

For entrees we ordered the Steak and Chips and Tandoori Chicken. Both entrees were delicious.  The Tandoori chicken was not an Indian-style version, but it was tasty with Dandelion's own "British Pub" style twist.  The steak, chips and accompanying watercress salad were a generous portion and perfectly prepared. 

As a birthday bonus, our server brought us out a scoop of gelato with a little cookie in the shape of a dog.  We were so full and didn't plan on ordering dessert, but this little sweet treat was the perfect way to end our meal.
I hadn't been to The Dandelion in over two years, but I wouldn't expect anything less than the best from this restaurant even during the Covid outdoor dining era.  Located near Rittenhouse Square, The Dandelion offers delicious food in a warm British Pub inspired environment with exceptional service. 

Our server was great. She was knowledgeable about the food menu as well as the libations.  She was also quick to offer suggestions and constantly ensuring we were attended too. 

The complimentary fresh bread served prior to our meal was really terrific.  We tried to resist, but polished off the entire basket and even had second helpings.  

For entrees we ordered the Rabbit Pie and the Chicken Paillard Salad.  In the past we have ordered the Steak and Chips and Tandoori Chicken. All the entrees have been delicious.  The Tandoori chicken was not an Indian-style version, but it was tasty with Dandelion's own "British Pub" style twist.  The steak, chips and accompanying watercress salad were a generous portion and perfectly prepared. 

We were here for my birthday last time. Our server brought us out a scoop of gelato with a little cookie in the shape of a dog.  We were so full and didn't plan on ordering dessert, but this little sweet treat was the perfect way to end our meal.
For someone who isn't a local Philadelphian, we were excited to find this gem, semi-hiding in plain sight a block from Rittenhouse Square. After checking out the Yelp reviews, we decided to give it a try. After making a reservation on OpenTable, we made our way over to The Dandelion.  

From the outside, The Dandelion seems like a quaint cottage: cozy and small. However, it occupies the first and second floors of two different buildings. In fact, the 1dt floor of the  corner building is just the main bar area , the host stand and reception is up a small flight of stairs. 

We were seated right away, and our server was quick to greet us. Service throughout our meal was on point. Cocktails were tasty (my favorite was the Bloodhound - kind of like a blood orange martini), and not too sweet.  

We started with an order or deviled eggs ($7). Topped off with a garnish of Sriacha salt, it was very well balanced and full of flavor. I got the Grilled Salmon entree ($19), topped off with a cucumber dill butter and served either nice watercress salad. We also got the turkey club and sides of cheesy cauliflower and the charred green beans with stewed tomatoes. There wasn't a bad dish on the table. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the salad was the perfect accompaniment. That and the cheesy cauliflower....it's basically Mac and cheese with the macaroni replaced with cauliflower. This is a MUST order!!! 

The ambiance was relaxed and it would be a great spot to bring a date, even a first date. It's also a great spot to bring friends, parents, and family - trust me they'd love it!
I had Dandelion bookmarked as the food pics looked good and the prices were right. 

ATMOSPHERE:
The charm started from the exterior with its old-style architecture that draws you in.  We, along with many others entered from the corner door that leads to the pub area that's void of a host stand, so you stand there dumbfounded once inside.  The main entrance is actually on the side of the building, right of the corner door.  Dim lighting, dark woods and tavern vibe were coupled with clubby background music and very loud conversations.  

MENU:
English-style apps, charcuteries, soups, salads, seafood, poultry, meats, pastas. 

BEVERAGE:
Basil Punnet - $13.00
Perfect mixture of sweet & bitter via vodka, strawberries, basil and honey. 

FOOD:
Carrot Soup - $11.00
Thankfully, this did not taste anything like carrots and more like a butternut squash soup.  Creamy with notes of curry. 

Dandelion Salad - $11.00
Greens I don't really care for (arugula and cucumber) were mixed with romaine, avocado and dandelion sprouts in a lemon vinaigrette.  Eh, I'll take a Caesar instead. 

Bangers & Mash - $18.00
AKA sausage over mashed potatoes, and I ate the whole thing!  My months of healthy, no sausage-eating ended here as I devoured the two tender links, smooth spuds and tasty onion gravy.  

Pan Seared Norwegian Salmon - $26.00
The spouse's dish.  The moist filet was dusted (not crusted) with dukkah (Egyptian herbs, chopped nuts & spices) over a tomatoey chick pea stew.  I thought everything married well together but the spouse felt that there was too much going on. 

SERVICE:
The only reason why this isn't a 5-star review.  As mentioned earlier, we walked in through the pub door.  We were immediately greeted, taken to the host stand a room and several flights of steps away, and brought back to where we started.  Couldn't they have just pardoned themselves and gotten us menus instead of following them like puppies?  

Christina was our server.  While she was nice, she was also very inattentive, made us feel rushed and gave off the feeling like she really didn't want to be there.  No introduction of her name, and instead of the usual "Can I start you off with anything to drink" opener or mentioning of specials, we were asked for our food order.  Asking questions resulted in answers but her attention would stray to tables behind her as she'd look away instead of engaging and staying focused.  Pausing even a few seconds to answer resulted in her saying "Let me give you some time" and quickly walked away.  After the salad and soup were brought, there was no offering of pepper (as there was none on the table).  Not once did she follow up on us throughout our experience.  Only a gal who I assume was a manager, asked us if everything was okay.  Its been a while since we've had such dismaying service.  The uncomfortable service made me want to scarf down my meal (something I do not do) and get the heck out of Dodge.  We don't need our butts kissed but would appreciate the common courtesies when dining out.  

OVERALL:
Delightful menu and appetizing cuisine.  We just got stuck with the wrong server.
Ok, here's the deal.  If you're going on somebody else's dime - do it!  It is really high-priced for faux-pub - but I gotta say they do a few things there really, really well.

For instance, one of my dining companions is from England and ordered a Bomdardier which he said was well poured and not "too fizzy".  It was however, served much cooler than you'd get back home.

My entree of Hake was delicious served in a buttery lemon caper sauce over a small bed-ette (to small to call it a bed) of kale.  Not dry - in fact it leaned toward the underdone side - and thus was tender and large-flaky.
I also enjoyed the cold poached shrimp (5 for $14 - large ones) with lemon mayo & cocktail sauce.  Simple - but so tasty!

Desserts are not a strong suit save for the hot chocolate pot. (worth the 15 minute wait - order this with dinner if you are in a rush). Skip the Eton Mess unless you like TART fruit.

My decaf cappucino (not listed on the menu - but ask and ye shall receive) was EXCELLENT.  Try a Pimms Deluxe (or a classic Pimms cup) for a refreshing treat. Oh - and they have (for $5.50 each - OUCH) fancy-schmancy organic bottled sodas from the UK - I had a Luscombe's Sicilian Lemonade that was great and worth the 134 calories of sugar-water.  (THat's ORGANIC sugar water to you!).  And they carry Ribena (a blast from the past!).

I may be back - but for the price point, I'll be waiting a while.
Oh - and I won't be missing Mantra!
Overall, the food is very good, and the ambiance is exceptional. 

Dandelion is unique in that it is one of the few places in city center that offers British food.  

Starr did an excellent job decorating the place to be cozy and have that old school pub atmosphere. 

I think the drinks deserve special mention. They offer a nice range of upscale cocktails. Today we had a pitcher of pimm's cup (gin-based), a classic British fruity cocktail, which they served with cucumbers, strawberry, orange, and lemon. It was very refreshing. 

For my lunch, I had the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich served on raisin walnut bread. The sandwich was delicious, and the walnut bread definitely makes it more interesting. 

Service was excellent. 

Looking forward to going back to try some of the British classics.
The Dandelion is the most recent addition to Stephen Starr's restaurant empire.  Michael G. and I went on opening night which just happened to be New Year's Eve.  I was very impressed by the service and level of calm despite the circumstances - Starr Restaurants definitely has this down to a science.  

The restaurant is many-roomed and multi-storied. The first room you enter is the bar which features some conversation-inducing decor (perhaps a good first date place?).  We made resos, but had to wait briefly at the bar while our table was readied.  I had a scotch and honeysuckle concoction (can't recall the the name) and he had a Pimm's martini of some sort . Mine was particularly refreshing.  The bar was the only place where I noticed some stress.  The two bartenders seemed to be in the weeds a bit and I don't think they ever stopped moving in their rush to create cocktails.  

On our way up to our table we passed through a living room inspired area complete with a roaring fire place - I wanted to linger, but we were led onward and upward which may prove difficult for tipsy patrons or those wearing precarious footwear.  We sat in a dimly lit room that reminded me of an English dining room.  There was also another bar up there.  

Our waitress was lovely and she was able to joke with us while providing excellent service.  We were given a basket of tasty bread (sourdough and honey wheat) with butter served on a slate (which made a somewhat unpleasant noise when scraped by the butter knife not unreminiscent of a nail on a chalkboard) .  Michael had a butter lettuce salad with pomegranates, walnuts, apples, Stilton cheese and a zingy dressing, yum.  I went with the Bolognese with over-easy duck egg.  A perfectly hearty winter dish, but Michael's lamb shepherd's pie was the winner.  It was rich and comforting and absolutely delicious!

Throughout the night management stopped by to ask us how we found things and we felt very welcomed.  Overall it was an excellent experience and I would definitely go back. Enjoy!
Had an absolutely delightful afternoon tea here. We had the Royal Occasion w/chamomile tea & enjoyed it upstairs in a room adorned with canine characters - adorable.
It was somewhat eventful when our pot of tea arrived though; the handle broke sending the hot water flying. Quick movements by us & our fabulous server, Christopher meant no injuries. Whew!
We were reseated & enjoyed the 3 tiers of tasty treats.
The Dandelion is set over 2 floors which have interesting nooks and I noticed at least 2 function rooms.
The scones weren't what I was expecting of English tea & I don't like cucumbers so those sarnies were removed on request. I was a little surprised that sandwich refills weren't offered as you get in London but no worries. We enjoyed it all the same.
Extra thanks to Christopher for his exceptional customer service, the whole staff we interacted with & the complimentary sticky toffee pudding x
I went for afternoon tea with a friend who was here on business. Definitely make a reservation for the tea as this place seems like it is a "go to" spot and always busy.

We were shown to a nice banquette nook on the second floor and ordered the Royal Occasion tea service (3 tiers of savories and sweets, 2 scones and a pot of tea that held 4 cups). We also ordered a pitcher of Pimm's since we were planning a leisurely time and it was a hot day where we'd been walking quite a bit. The atmosphere is Victorian and this is an old converted house. It wasn't too twee; it's a beautiful place. The wait staff was very pleasant when we arrived and when our order was taken and everything came very quickly. Our server explained what all the sandwiches and sweets were and left us to dig in.

Sad to say, it became immediately clear that the canapes and tea sandwiches are made up earlier in the day and then left to sit because most of the tiny sandwiches were dry on the top layer and curling up at the edges. A few of the canapes were so hard we could not bite, cut or break them apart so they went uneaten. The sandwich fillings were delicious but the stale bread was really disappointing-especially since we'd paid $50 for this particular tea service. 

The scones were wonderful and warm but there was no clotted cream-just a tiny pot of soft whipped cream, lemon curd and a nice jam. 

The sweets were an absolute delight. Nothing was cloying, every single item was baked to perfection and meltingly delicious. I adored the banofee tart, the lemon poppy seed macaroons and some item full of chocolate ganache although everything sweet was outstanding. 

The pitcher of Pimm's was refreshing but as far as alcoholic drinks go-it was extremely weak. It was more like drinking a pitcher of fruity iced tea. I should have gone for a gin and tonic or three. Now I know. 

Everything was relaxing and pleasant until the time when the staff decided we'd over stayed our welcome and started asking literally every 5 minutes if we wanted to box up our leftovers and get our check. We had only been there for about an hour or so and we were not rowdy or loud so the push to get rid of us was unexpected and off putting. 

I don't know that I'd spring for the Royal Occasion tea again with the stale tea sandwiches and in light of being given the bum's rush to leave, I would think twice before I went back.
Great food and cool ambiance. The chicken and duck parfait is a must. The branzino with beets and grapefruit was awesome. Will definitely return next time in Philly.
Just to make it clear, Dandelion is made of ideas stolen from me. I know it doesn't count since Stephen Starr made all my ideas come to life before I did...without really having to talk to or meet me, ever. (What a smart man you are!) 

The teapot with loose tea leaves? Yes! It was a part of my imaginary cafe I built in my head long ago. 

Buttercup lettuce with pomegranate with gorgonzola cheese and honey vinaigrette? Shut up!(said in a plastic's manner) I make that at home alllllll the time - without the cheese and the right dressing...wondered why mine was never a real success. This salad at Dandelion is a real win, though. 

Scallop cooked to perfection? I mean 100%? This is where you got better than me. I'll admit.

Mac and cheese. Enough said. Words cannot describe how delicious this thing was. I am melting in my own saliva just thinking about how savory this particular item was.

By dessert, I wish I had come with a dashing young man so we could do that PDA thing by the fire place surrounded by cute chairs, tables, tons of candlelights and mostly, undisrupted yet attentive service. 

Next time, hopefully...
Don't know what to get? Look no further!
But really.. just get this.

YOUR MENU:
- Steak & Chips (pan roasted beef tender, watercress salad, triple cooked chips, steak butter): $24
- Pimm's Cup (Pimm's #1, fresh cucumber, orange, lemon, strawberry): $10/39

Probably one of the best steak & chips I have ever had (second only to Mon Ami Gabi in Vegas). Perfectly cooked and seasoned with a great sear on the outside. I wasn't a fan of the steak butter, but it was easy to push off to the side and the steak still stood well on its own. As a self-proclaimed carnivore, I dread eating my greens - but even the salad was pretty tasty. Great thick & beefy fries ("chips") that made your tummy even more happy. My meal was only made better by the delicious Pimm's Cup which tasted like a light/fruity iced tea. I probably could have finished the whole pitcher myself. (But really, next time I just might..)
When you walk in, you have to go up the stairs to be seated by the host. Don't be like us who looked like lost ducks wandering around the bar area.

They have a limited happy hour from 5-7 pm. 3 items off of their apps menu and 4 different beers. We chose the deviled eggs (2 eggs) that reminded me of mayo with a slight spicy kick at the end. Don't get me wrong, I like mayo. It was good. 

We also ordered the shepherd's pie and the tandoori chicken. The only time I've seen a shepherd's pie was at a potluck that came in a huge glass pyrex. With that size in mind, I was surprised at the portion it came out in. The meat was deliciously savory but the mashed potatoes tasted too much like butter. 

The tandoori chicken was really juicy and tender. Like really juicy and tender. But I didn't love all the raisins in the rice. I ended-up having a small graveyard pile of rasins on my plate. 

Despite the limited hh menu, Dandelion is a fun place to  grab dinner.
The Dandelion first had me at being a Dandy Lion!

Like fine wine, Starr restaurants are one of those things that have aged well for me over the years. From places that I couldn't bother with, to ones that are among some of the better in Philly, I've definitely grown fond of their evolution as Stephen Starr has teamed with other chefs on different concepts.

The Dandelion is a prime example of this evolution with age, since it went from a place that won me over with the pun within it's Dandy Lion logo, to a spot that might just be my favorite British pub within the Philly proper! Because whether its for high tea, cask conditioned beers, English cheese and charcuterie offerings, or some modern takes on some British classics and farm to table offerings, they have it all!

I give a four for now because so far it I've only enjoyed a solid dinner visit out of all the things that I alluded to above. But it was a VERY IMPRESSIVE dinner that kicked off with a tipple of their their winter seasonal winter beer cocktail that combined whiskey with Young's Chocolate Stout and chocolate bitters; and a decadent chicken and duck liver parfait that paired well with cornichons, grape chutney, and a brioche toast. 

As the evening progressed I could not resist grabbing their cask conditioned flight that provided samplings of whatever three brews they have on cask for the evening. For my main course, the Crispy Hampshire Pork Belly proved to be an absolute victory with its braised lentils, bacon, and onion cream extras. Add in a decadent seasonal dessert that was filled with hazelnut cream and buttery cookies, and it was the perfect meal that had me ready for high tea next!
This gastropub  restaurant came highly recommended by friends but our experience here yesterday did not live up to our expectations.

After being seated and having  our orders taken I watched while everyone (including people who came after) received bread baskets while our table remained empty. Eventually I had to ask the waiter (who wasn't our original waiter) if we were supposed to get a basket.

Then, when they delivered my bf's entree and my dessert I was not giving a spoon. I sat there not eating thinking someone would notice but tons of workers passed by oblivious to my need.

Finally, I had to ask the person who brought our bread basket (still not our original waitress) for a spoon.

To make matters worse my chocolate tart really wasn't anything special at all despite costing $10. My bf's trout was $22 & at least he said he liked his food .. also it seemed to be a healthy portion.
What can I say, burger was great.. but got food poisoning from it. I wish I hadn't eaten it.
Best complete meal experience I've had in quite some time!

What a great introduction to the Philadelphia food scene.  This place looks amazing and boasts classical British gastropub fare. There are three levels to the restaurant is rowdy, dark, and packed. I don't know how genuine the feel is to a British gastropub but it's full of energy and I like it. A lot. The upper levels also contain a bar and a quieter dining area full of eclectic novelties and mismatched antique furniture. Little coves with benches can be had here for an intimate dining experience. 

Service was amazing and prompt. Our server Nicky was wonderful. Complementary water and sparkling water were provided and we proceeded to order our drinks. 

We ended up ordering the fish and chips, rabbit pie, the burger, the duck bolognese and the chicken and duck liver parfait. 

First off the bread is amazing. There is a white bread with a great crust of sea salt ( alittle salty in my opinion but great none the less) and a brown bread made with a stout. My weakness is carbs when it comes to a meal and I had to sit on my hands in order to not devour the basket. 

The chicken and duck parfait seemed to be a favorite so we ordered that as well and we were glad we did. We got a board of a HEALTHY helping of the parfait. When I say healthy it's enough for four people and some to spare. The brioche that came with it was buttery, crisp on the outside and soft and melty on the inside. We were even brought more brioche to clean up the rest of the parfait without even asking. Way to be on top of it Nicky.

The burger and the fish and chips are apparently featured as one of the best on the Food Network so of course we had to try them. The fish and chips were perfectly fried. I've been craving fish and chips for quite some time and I couldn't be happier to satisfy that craving with the one here. The fries are thick cut, seasoned and fried perfectly. The burger was suggested medium and my mouth filled with warm umami. 

The rabbit pie was wonderful as well. The wine really came out in the gravy and served as a wonderful dipping sauce for our delicious chips. The bolognese was good but maybe the least favorite of our dishes.  But it was unfairly over shadowed by the deliciousness of the other dishes. If this were a main dish in any other restaurant it would be the shining star. But alas, it was in the company of giants. 

We scraped every morsel, cleaned sauce off the plates with our bread and chips, and exhaled in a sigh of satisfaction. " Would anyone care for dessert?" She said. It wouldn't hurt we said. 

We were stuffed but we mustered up the courage to order a lemon tart with grapefruit sorbet.  Clean and refreshing it was the perfect way to finish off this amazing meal. Wait... No. We didn't order that...

" Complements of the house," the sever said as he placed a wooden board of 10 petite sizes desserts on the table. 

Sigh. So full. First world problems am I right?  We finished it of course. 

What can I say. The service food and ambiance were perfect. We all talked about how wonderful the meal was and how long it's been since we've had an experience like this. Bravo Dandelion. Thank you for making this Oregonians first dining experience in your city an amazing one.
About a 1-1.5: Sorry, but our party was just NOT a fan of The Dandelion!

This restaurant serves up British fare with also an Afternoon Tea option.  A group of us came here to celebrate a birthday, and we were excited to try out their ever-so-popular afternoon tea as part of our celebratory festivities.  We were directed to go upstairs, in which we were seated in a corner booth area.

We had a couple orders of 'A Royal Occasion,' each coming with a 4-cup pot of tea of your choice, an assortment of tea sandwiches, canapes, pastries, tarts, and scones with devon cream, lemon curd, and raspberry jam.

Items such as roast beef on wheat bread, cucumber and lemon parsley butter on white bread, smoked bacon & orange marmalade on pumpernickel bread, lemon tarts, fruit & nut bar, coconut crisps, and shortbreads were included.  Each and every single one of the items were just not enjoyable - they were either nibbled on and pushed off to the side or spit back into a napkin because the combination of flavors just made them inedible.  Some of the bread slices and the dessert items were dry; some were served way too cold, as if they just came out of the fridge.  The description on the menu made each bite sound so yummy, but tasting them was a whole another thing!

The fact that we had a few who typically have high tolerance and could be described as the least pickiest of the eaters ending up not enjoying any portion of the tea fare just says something...

The place was a little dark, with a combination of a grimey-/rustic-/outdated-ness vibe to it.  Our server wasn't the most welcoming, and he was a bit standoff-ish.  He rarely checked up on us throughout the whole dining experience, and nothing was cleared away.

I wished we had the same positive and delicious experience as others - maybe their main items on the menu are the stars.

Either way, I'm glad I was able to check this place out, but would not return.

+avoid the afternoon tea!
+not-so-friendly and non-existent service
+extremely limited city parking
I thought this place was pretty darn good.

I stopped in here with a friend recently and I very much enjoyed both the service and the food.  I arrived early so I sat at the bar.  The bartender let me sample all 3 of their cask ales and I ended up going wit his original recommendation.  While I waited, I asked him what his favorite thing on the menu was.  Without delay, he said "the chicken and duck liver parfait."  Fortunately, when my friend arrived, she agreed to try that.

We ordered oysters, deviled eggs, the parfait, the pint of prawns and the beet cured salmon.  The oysters were delicious and fresh, not very briny.  The deviled eggs were just right and had a hint of curry and cayenne in them.  The pint of prawns was closer to a shrimp cocktail but the shrimp were done perfectly.  I really enjoyed the salmon, along with the dill and crème fraiche that it was served with.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the parfait, but the portion was very large.  They give you three slices of brioche which is clearly not enough.  We even ordered a second batch of brioche and it still wasn't enough for all the parfait.  It's very rich and I recommend having it, but maybe splitting it among 3 or 4 people.

The layout and decor of this place is really cool and I can see myself stopping back in here for drinks and a bite to eat.  The bartenders are nice, knowledgeable and will go out of their way to make sure you have a good time.

Cheers!
Atmosphere is incredible, unsure of whether we wanted to spend money eating British cuisine, after walking in and experiencing the ambience, we knew our answer.

Food is good, the happy hour is great - we got the deviled eggs and the Welsh Rarebit for $3 each (welsh rarebit was my absolute fave, a mustard cheese bread)

The ricotta and bread was great, I personally wish there were more herbs and oil in the ricotta mix as it was sparingly sprinkled on top.

The heirloom tomato salad was delicious! Highly recommend as it is packed with freshness and flavor.

I got the rabbit pie, which was honestly okay. I wouldn't get it again, especially for the price. It was comforting like a pot pie but I think it just lacked any redeeming flavor in general. Most frozen pot pies I've had honestly tasted more flavorful.

Staff/service was fantastic!
On the first night on our mini vacation in Philly, the wife and I wanted to eat somewhere close to the hotel and take it easy in preparation for the touristy sight-seeing we had planned for the next couple of days. I whipped out my Yelp ... app, that is ... and scanned the options. Beer was, of course, part of the requirements, and we settled on the well-reviewed English pub a block down called The Dandelion.

Once we got to the correct intersection we both looked around, a bit confused, as the pub didn't pop out at us. My wife spotted what she thought was the right place just as a friendly Philadelphian asked us if he could help us find something and confirmed we had the right place. In true English pub fashion, The Dandelion was located behind a discrete, quaint corner entry way. And the similarities carried to the interior, with touches of Britannia oozing out of every pore of The Dandelion, right down to the bathroom. (Or Loo, if you want to get into the spirit of things)

As usual, I'll start with the important stuff, meaning beer. As expected, they have a solid draught beer selection featuring local microbrews (Yards, of course!) and UK Imports, such as Wells & Young's Bombardier and Double Chocolate Stout (on Nitro!) And holding true to their British theme, they keep three rotating cask offerings. I ordered the cask ale sampler and fell in love with the Hobgoblin, and English brown ale from Wychwood Brewery in England. I switched over to these and was in heaven for the remainder of the evening.

We started by ordering the cheese plate (which seemed to be a theme for us on our Philly vacation) and they also brought out some wonderful bread with what I believe was Irish butter. You know, the REALLY REALLY good butter. 

I debated on entrees before settling on the Rabbit Pie because, like our server said, how often to you get a chance to order Rabbit Pie? My wife went with the Baked Trout. My entree was AMAZING ... the dough was golden and flaky and the sauce was so rich and flavorful. My wife loved her fish - I tried a bite and it was very fresh, clean tasting trout. It was a fantastic meal and, coupled with the amazing Hobgoblin Ale, one of my favorite dining experiences overall.

And speaking of Hobgoblin Ale, I loved it so much that I went back two nights later, our last night in Philly, to see if I could get one last taste before we left home for the DMV. Sadly, everyone else must have loved it because it was gone. However, they replaced it with RJ Rockers Son of a Peach. On cask. RJ Rockers is a South Carolina brewery that just recently started to expand into Virginia. Seeing their summer seasonal wheat ale, on cask, here in Philly was quite impressive to me. It showed me that The Dandelion really goes out their way to source a large variety of cask ales, and rotate them heavily. And that Son of a Peach was glorious on cask.

The Dandelion was a great start ... and finish (almost) ... to our short stay in Philly. I would definitely come back here anytime I was in this part of town.
The service is definitely Starr quality. Nicole, the manager, is extremely pleasant. 

IF YOU ARE A VEGETARIAN/VEGAN, STAY AWAY in terms of food. Even the fries are fried in beef oil.. There's a salad, some cheese appetizers, and one mushroom/spinach entrée to choose from. If you're vegan, the salad is literally all you can eat. And probably the dressing isn't vegan. It's a traditional English pub feel but I would highly recommend they get with the times and add a veggie burger or sandwich or something to the menu. 

We got the Dandellion salad which was good, your typical house type salad with some greens and a light dressing. Next we got the ricotta which was incredibly smooth and rich. It had some rosemary which was delightful. The bread kept flowing and we were stuffed. Guilty pleasure for our Friday early dinner! 

The prices are cheap.. For two drinks, the salad, an appetizer, and tip  $50 was spent between two of us.
I decided to treat my little sister to Dandelion on her visit to Philly, and suffice it to say that I became her favorite sibling (well, for that day at least). Between the friendly service, "pubby" decor, and food, I'd say Dandelion is one of my favs in Rittenhouse. 

We started off with an appetizer, a smoked salmon and trout pate. It was surprisingly light for a pate, was seasoned with a fresh lemon vinaigrette, and paired with toasted pumpernickel bread. This I can probably eat everyday!

Next came the entrees. A creamy crab risotto with zucchini, charred leeks, gremolata, saffron, chilies, all balanced well with lemon juice for acidity. Probably one of the best crab risottos I've had. Then there was the rabbit pie - tender pieces of rabbit with oyster mushrooms, onions, and smoked bacon, cooked in a mustard & white wine sauce...all filled a crispy pie crust. A little too rich for my liking but still delicious.

And finally, dessert! Whiskey caramel chocolate tart, which had a chocolate cookie crust, and came with a malt pecan praline ice cream. I'm not a whiskey lover by any means but really enjoyed this dish. If heaven existed, I'd have an endless supply of this chocolate tart.

The end.
A friend was in town filming a spot for QVC and mentioned he was all about gastropubs. The GF was in the mood for a proper fish and chips. So, The Dandelion was pretty much a done deal. 

Stout Flip [$11]
Bulleit bourbon, whole egg, orange marmalade, Young's Double Chocolate Stout

One of my favorite drinks has to be the Stout Flip. Luscious and chocolate-forward, this'll be the creamiest (and booziest!) chocolate shake you'll imbibe. The orange marmalade notes balanced out the sweet and bitter from the bourbon and stout, with the whole egg providing body. 

Iron Lady [$12]
Old Overholt Rye, Thatcher's Apple Ginger, angostura and orange bitters, orange peel, Luxardo cherry

I've ordered several of these ladies over the years. Similar enough to a Manhattan, with Thatcher's ginger liquer subbing in for vermouth, the mellow balance belies the subtle stiffness of the drink.

Bread Service

There's always great bread to start you off at The Dandelion, along with several pats of easily spreadable butter.

Housemade Ricotta [$11.50]
Extra virgin olive oil, dried herbs, toasted sourdough

Fair warning, if you're planning on ordering a few apps, it's not for the carb-phobic. The ricotta is a favorite - rich, creamy, and fruity from the olive oil. And yes, plenty of toasted sourdough bread. 

Duck, Foie Gras, and Pistachio Terrine [$14]
Shallot pear chutney

I'm a sucker for foie gras in any form and this terrine was beautifully set. The shallot pear chutney was the perfect countervailing element to the richness of terrine. The cornichons added a nice acidic element to each bite. And yes, even more of that great bread! 

Crispy Hampshire Pork Belly [$23]
Tomato white bean stew, blood pudding, apple glaze

My main was pretty much a given. The Hampshire pork belly had a beautiful cook on it. The amazingly crisp, almost glassy skin enveloped a hefty, yet unctuous portion of pork. The blood pudding was crisp, rich, and had great texture. The tomato white bean stew was a sweet and acidic counterpoint to the richness of the dish. Perfect for a cold night's meal - or any night or meal for that matter. 

The Dandelion hasn't let me down just yet. Set in comfortable and inviting setting, it's easy to see why. Be sure to stop by if you need a proper British gastropub experience or simply want great food and drinks.
I came here for the great reviews on the burger. I've had my fair share of burgers and this one didn't impress me. The restaurant felt cold and uninviting. 

I went during the late afternoon and the place was moderately filled with nothing but older men. I saw some mothers and daughters head upstairs for tea. 

Anyhow, my waitress was super sweet. I was visiting Philly alone for my bday and she ended up giving me a little cake with a candle. Super sweet of her.
Having lived for five years in London, I tend to be of a strong opinion that 'British Food' is an oxymoron... That being said, stateside, in this restaurant, British Food, with its modern and perhaps Americanized twist, is Delicious!!! We loved it, I intend to bring my British in laws here, on their next visit. 
The service was great, but the servers seem a bit tense. I hope the management is nice to them, because they work hard, and they're extremely diligent!
Please listen Dandelion management:
I love your food and the atmosphere is great.
Tonight, for the second time in two weeks, the service was way too slow.  Took over 20 minutes to get our order taken and we had a teen with us. They are not patient.
Even worse, our finished plates were not removed for almost half an hour. Not cool. And the second time in a row.
I can be your biggest fan and you are better than this.
I love the deviled eggs, steak tartar and the killer Tandoori Chicken.
Just don't embarrass me with friends two times in a row when I rave about your food.
Came in for a late Friday night dinner after drinks at Bok Bar (highly recommended) and we were not disappointed. We arrived a few minutes late due to traffic leaving the bar but they sat us no problem! 

I really like the ambiance and the decor - it's very library-esque and works well with it's "British" vibe. We were seated at a table for two and given menus/drinks list to look over. I had the Basil Punnet Cocktail with Tito's Vodka, strawberries,
basil, and honey. I'm usually not a huge fan of vodka but this cocktail was sure tasty!! 

For food, we opted to share 4 appetizers instead of ordering individual entrees. We had: 
1.Curried Crab, Cod, and Chili Cakes 
2. House-made Ricotta served with toasted sourdough
3. Beef Tartare with watercress salad, roasted shallot vinaigrette, truffle dressing, and toasted sourdough  
4. Smoked Salmon and Trout Pate with lemon vinaigrette and toasted pumpernickel 

I legit enjoyed every single dish that we shared. In particular, the Beef Tartate and House-made Ricotta stood out. The Beef Tartare was fresh and perfectly seasoned. The roasted shallot vinaigrette was amazing - super fragrant without overpowering the beef flavor. The House-made Ricotta was soft, cheesy, and perfect for spreading or dipping. 

We split the Eton Mess Sundae, which comes with coconut sorbet, fresh berries, and tarragon meringues. Neither of us knew what it was - but we opted to split the most "British" dessert on the menu. It was delightful! Sweet without being too much so. It kind of tastes like a softer, sundae version of a panna cotta. Highly recommend it!

If you're in Philly and have only one night to have dinner, go to The Dandelion!
The Dandelion is consistently good. Good beer, good drinks, good pub grub (but fancier!) 

Happy Hour is a very good deal for Center City, from 5-7pm Monday-Friday: $5 wine, $5 beer, $6 Gin & Tonics, plus an array of bites for a discounted price, including the Dandelion Burger, which is *chefs kisses* one of the better burgers I've had in recent memory - for $10! A very good deal, considering it's normally $18. 

Breakfast at Dandelion is underrated. There a few small TV's at the bar to watch Premiere League, and beers are served as early as you want with some citrus-y, crisp options to pair with a good breakfast sandwich. 

The rotating beer and cask selections, charming decor, and varied menu make it a great place for dates, business dinners, or last-minute dining. They do take reservations, so if you're keen on eating at a certain time, I'd suggest booking to be safe. Service is always top notch, as well. 

I've been to Dandelion for morning breakfast and for end of the night drinks - it's a well-rounded establishment.
Visited back here Thursday night for restaurant week and I was blown away. I've been meaning to return here for a long time, since last time was for lunch and I wanted to see how romantic and adorable it is at night. Spoiler alert: it's romantic and adorable.

Server was knowledgeable and wonderful. Restaurant Week menu was limited, but I like that (although I kinda wish I opted for the regular menu instead.... can anyone say duck bolognese?!). 

I started with the carrot coconut soup and my 3 friends each got the Welsh Rarebit (vegetarian). I tried a bite of the Rarebit and while it was very tasty, it couldn't hold a candle to that soup tho. Holy hell. What an amazing dish. Smooth and creamy without feeling too unctuous, with delicate, just-barely noticeable shredded coconut and an amazing crunchy bite of slivered almonds. Almost reminded me of a fall butternut squash soup, but way more elevated.

For entrees, me and 2 others got the salmon and 1 got the chicken thigh special. All were very well-received. Probably THE best piece of salmon I've had in years. It was a MASSIVE filet, cooked to a perfect medium rare and coated with a wonderful crust of Indian spices, atop a yummy tomato chickpea jawn with a side of delicious cauliflower. SO good.

As for dessert, I can never say no to a good sticky toffee pudding. It was borderline cloyingly sweet, but the ice cream helped cut through it. It was almost like a sponge cake, and drenched in that wonderful sticky toffee flavor. I also tasted some warm notes of nutmeg, cloves and cinnamon. One friend got the peanut butter ripple ice cream and said it was a peanut butter lover's dream.

Can't wait to continue visiting here for years to come for that wonderful food and ambiance!
Atmosphere: 4
Food: 3
Service: 1
Overall experience: 2 out of 5

I have many words about this place to justify the rating. My family traveled from out of state to Philly and wanted to try this famed place which was highly recommended according to Yelp and restaurants to try in Philly. I secured a reservation for a Saturday night and was very excited to take my family out.

When we arrived, we were greeted by a hostess and host and the host walked us up the stairs and into the platformed seating area to a dimly lit area. The atmosphere and decor looked amazing as if I was taken back to a different period in time. We had a female brunette waitress who greeted us unenthusiastically and throughout our dining experience it felt like there was insincerity in her entire demeanor toward us.

Now there's this man with light brown hair with it combed back, rather tall, who was walking around helping to set the tables, but also checking in at tables to see how customers' dining experiences were. At first he skipped our table and I thought, okay maybe he'll stop by when we're finishing up with our meal. Then he stops by the tables on either side of us...and then we finish our meal and he's putting out plates on other tables...and then we ask for the check and he scans our dining area avoiding eye contact with our table...and we pay the bill and he's nowhere in sight. Intentional? Maybe. Maybe not. But as a courtesy you should treat all parties the same and respectfully.

The entire time the wait staff made us feel like we didn't belong with their pretentious attitudes. We ordered plenty of food and tipped generously and still we had to endure what felt like targeted discrimination because maybe we didn't fit the bill of what their typical clientele is. What a shame.

We ordered seven different dishes and were impressed by the beef tartare and the Indian spice cured salmon. The other five dishes were as disappointing as the service we received. Yeah the presentation was nice but don't be fooled.

I truly had high expectations and usually love dining at establishments like The Dandelion but I was sorely disappointed at our experience. What could have been a decent experience with respectful waitstaff was just a total flop.
"English pub without prem or champions... Riiight"

Did you ever want to know just why English food is considered to be bad? Did you ever want to walk into a "pub" and think "who the heck pretends half pints are a regular size beer?" Did you ever want to say "You can't be bloody serious?!" when spotting a cow next to a deer head? 

If so, your prayers have been answered just a block away from another Starr's disaster known as Continental Midtown you can experience it all, including burger that is so bad Little Pete's won't put it on, Italian sausage that is being passed for English and mashed potatoes... so disgustingly goo-like you would be tempted to see just how far you can stretch them. 

Do yourself a favor and say "No". Even Fado is closer to Slug and Lettuce.
We went to check this place out during Restaurant Week.  It's a pub feel outside and first floor.  Upstairs is more mellow and quite.

Food
- Shepard's Pie:  It is amazing here.  I don't usually order this but glad I did.  It is a small portion but the beef cooked over bed of potatoes and mash potatoes was quite hearty.
- Duck Bolognese:   recommended by the waiter.  Slightly gamey.  Duck egg overtop was a nice touch.  Liked it but next time would try the fish/chips which is what they are known for.
- Winter Root Soup:  doesn't sound good but it was pureed and came out flavorful and deep.  I wish I knew how to make it.  Seems simple but has a great taste.

Service: attentive and visited us several times

Overall we had a great meal.  Wished I tried the fish/chips which I guess was featured on Cooking Network's "best thing I've eaten"   There's always next time.
I came here during restaurant week and all of the good reviews did not let me down. I started with the winter salad. The combination of the frisée, dried fruit, nuts, and tangy dressing was great. He main course was truly unbelievable - lamb shepherds pie. At first I remarked on the small serving size like the other reviewers but then as I dug in j noticed how filling it was. The lamb was so tender and flavorful and you can't go wrong with cheese and mashed potatoes! Ended with the carrot cake which was sweet and spicy but I was so so full that I couldn't take more than a bite or two. I would definitely return.
The Dandelion is a refined British restaurant hiding in Philadelphia. I've been here a few times and it never fails to deliver amazing food and impeccable service. Love this restaurant. If you haven't been here, you NEED to go. Like now. 

Perfect first, second, third, or hundredth date spot. They have a warm and inviting fireplace inside that transports you back to your memories of the coziest times. The ambiance is great and their decor really resembles the interior of a fine British home. Welcoming.

The food is so delicious. Everything that I have had has been exquisite, but specifically, I would choose The Dandy Burger (w/ the best fries), Rabbit Pie, and Baby Gem Caeser Salad are if I had to narrow it down to three. OMG, they are to die for. You'll be happy you did... trust me.
Solid food and experience!  I visited The Dandelion in downtown Philadelphia recently for a family graduation dinner.  We were a large party with several tables and the restaurant accommodated us well.  We had a pre-set menu with some great choices to choose from.

I absolutely loved the table bread they brought out at the beginning - very ambrosial.  

I ordered:

-Appetizer: House-made ricotta with extra virgin olive oil, dried herbs on toasted sourdough.  I thought this was delicious, but had I known that table bread would be served before the meal (it was not served until after we had ordered), I would probably have gone with the salad, as it was a bread overload for even me.

-Entree: Steak and Chips (with pan roasted beef tender, watercress salad, triple cooked chips, steak butter).  This was delicious, but I thought it was odd that they could only prepare the steak either medium rare or medium well.  I am accustomed to ordering my steak medium these days, so I was at a quandary.  I opted for medium rare, figuring the steak often cooks even more over the course of the meal when served on a hot plate.  And I think my fiance has ruined well-done steak for me - he has indeed shown me the light ;)  The steak was perfect (it did, indeed, cook further on my plate) and I loved the garnish on it.

-Dessert: They had a pre-set dessert with an assortment of mini-pastries.  I was very thankful that they were not all chocolate.  I truly enjoyed the mini-cheesecake pastry, but wasn't the biggest fan of the mini-lemon custard.  Strange flavor.  I gave my fiance my chocolate (as per usual) and he enjoyed having 2 mini-chocolate pastries :P  

I enjoyed the atmosphere - it has a gastropub feel to it, but the decor is also more elegant and sophisticated than the image that a "gastropub" generally evokes.  I really liked the fireplace in the comfortable waiting area and the myriad of paintings.

Service was quick and efficient throughout, though they were a bit slow with getting the bill out, despite the fact we had to leave by a certain hour because the event ended and they needed our tables vacant.  The end felt just a bit rushed.

While not one of my favorites, The Dandelion was certainly a wonderful experience and I would visit again in the future.
Overall a great dinner. Appetizers ordered the ricotta and the pickled beets and goat cheese crostinis. Both very good, though carby to be fair. 

Got tandoori chicken for main - gota have Indian chicken for British food! I've been making tandoori chicken for 10 years and can't match it. Subtle but great flavors, delicious yogurt sauce, and very well prepared side of rice with raising and nuts. Worked very well together
Great brunch spot! Cozy + fun atmosphere. Honestly can't go wrong off the brunch menu.
This place has got to be one of the coziest joints when the weather cools.   There is nothing more warm or welcoming than its 'lobby' with the wood burning fireplace adjacent to the hostessing stand.  It makes you want to throw on some woolly socks,  get yourself a hot toddy or hot chocolate and just chill.  It's the perfect place for a wint-ry drink or a delicious pint from many beers of their beer offerings.  Whomever from the Starr team designed this joint, they really hit it out of the park.  Every inch of this place is just right on point, the small upstairs bar with all the dog related tchotkes, the cross stitch art in the upstairs bathroom, each of the small well appointed dining rooms, the art, and then you throw Christmas décor into the mix - squeee!- its atmosphere is downright perfect, especially during the winter holidays.

In the summer, the place is refreshing too, and their Pimm's Deluxe is the perfect little summer cocktail.

For all these accolades described above is really why Dandelion gets four stars from me, if I were to judge it on its food alone, I might deduct a star or two depending on the selections.  The food on the whole is not bad, though the menu has definitely gotten the Starr (read: Americanized) treatment.  The menu is priced to match (read: expensive for what you get, what's that you say $19.50 for fish and chips?).  The fish and chips are solid (though, personally I could stand to have the chips, fried, or roasted more)  as is the burger.  I have never ordered something here that  I didn't wind up eating in most of its entirety.  It's cold weather, stick to your ribs, English-pub-esque  food for sure. I have never received bad service here, always very pleasant front of the house treatment and no complaints here.

All in all, the atmosphere is just right (especially during the holidays), the food not too shabby at all. A respectable choice.
This is a true story and I am still having time processing it. Plastic in my food. And it was "no big deal" to this place. 

We have heard rave reviews, so we made a reservation for a Saturday. Food came out cold, but the manager stopped by to see if all was well and I appreciated that gesture. 

Then i saw it. The shard - triangular shaped plastic. On my eggs $16 Benedict. It was about 1cm all around and luckily, I didn't miss it. But, how much had I eaten and not noticed?

I told the waitress who was appalled. But, then the manager came out and said "it's just from the containers we keep the food in, happens sometimes." Like this was a known thing and it was no big deal. I think finding non food in my food is a big deal. As in... dangerous. 

He did give me his card as a courtesy. It still did not seem like a big deal to this place. We still paid $40 for our other two dishes/coffee, we did not insist on having meal comped - but we thought they'd offer? It was so odd the whole thing and so uncomfortable - and I was concerned about my husband and 5 year old's meals and bellies. 

Mistakes happen, I get that. But this seemed like a known happening there and not important. I was in shock and didn't make a big deal and they just sort of said, "sorry oh well". 

I would avoid this place. 
For all the above reasons. 
The oddity of it all, the unimportance. 
The bill and awkwardness. 
The fact that it happened ... and their weird response to it. 

Yikes.

Also TURN THE MUSIC DOWN. 
Saturday AM brunch is for chill people - minus plastic in food and anxious music. See other posts about music complaints....
This is a very cute place and perfect for more intimate dinners. The inside is set up to looks like a home during the 1700's (ish) with wonderful decor and tons of cute nooks to observe. Limited but specialized menu filled with British food.  And cute waiters with British accents too! I ordered the biscuits with spinach and artichoke and loved it, but let's be honest, the British are not known for their food for a reason, so don't come in thinking you'll be amazed by anything. It's close to comfort food if anything. 

Very quirky and good for an impression,.
I had an outdoor dinner reservation for 5 people on a Friday night and sadly it was rained out with no option to be moved inside, despite the city's recent expansion on table sizes indoors. Luckily, I was able to snag a VERY last minute reservation for inside at the Dandelion. 

This was my first visit to the Dandelion and it was great! Our group was seated in the very cozy upstairs space by the bay window. On a rainy Friday night, this was the perfect vibe for our group.

Our server was attentive, explained the menu, and highlighted some favorites. We shared the whipped ricotta, cheeseboard, and a few pitchers of the strawberry basil cocktail. Everything was delicious! The cheeseboard is a bit small for the price point, but we could have seen that one coming.

For my entree, I did the steak and chips and split the mac and cheese with a friend. The steak was cooked to perfection. The herb butter was SO good. Even the side salad was great. The mac and cheese was also delicious! I would order both of these items again.

Since our reservation was so late, our waiter let us know when last call was for the bar and ensured he got our final drink orders in while he still could. At the end of our meal the waiter asked for feedback regarding our favorite dishes. We all agreed that everything was good. Friends ordered the shepherd's pie, fish and chips, and burger. Not a single complaint!

The only reason this review is a 4 star instead of 5 is because the drink pitchers were majority ice and the price point is very high for the portion size. If you are aware of those things going in and don't mind, then this could easily be a 5 star spot for you!
If I lived here in Philly, I would be a regular here.

Off the train and before heading to our hotel, Husband and I wanted a bite to eat a little something to wet our whistles...and The Dandelion was perfect for us.

First of all, Elizabeth, our server, took very good care of us and seated us where we could store our luggage as best we could. Later on she would show extra-awesome customer service skills by taking our photo (I can imagine how eye-rolling that request can be, but she was gracious and sweet) and offering us all sorts of insider information on cool stuff to visit in Philly. She also knew her beers and was able to talk about them with my hubby to make sure he'd enjoy his raspberry sour. I would give Elizabeth 5 stars all on her own...any restaurant she worked at would be better due to her service.

When we saw the old school pub-like flair outside with the detailed architecture and all the potted plants for greenery, we knew we were on to a great spot. When the place was packed at noon, it was evident that locals and visitors alike knew how cool the Dandelion was. The indoor decor really reminded my husband of U.K. Pubs, which he frequented as he lived in England for several years for Uni. It was delightful and whimsical and Christmas, with a full-sized cow up top and drums, a stuffed fox and a dressed up stuffed weasel. Great attention to detail!

We started with the English cheese plate and the deviled eggs. You may ask why someone would be willing to pay 8 dollars for deviled eggs. Well, these were NOT your Aunt Edith's farty deviled eggs from the local church picnic. I'd gladly buy these eggs again, they are rich and seasoned well, maybe with a little curry? But they were gone in an instant. The cheese plate was no malicious as well, with 3 cheeses and tons of bells and whistles like quince paste, honey, tomato chutney...and our server asked if we wanted more of the crackers even before we ran out.  Awesome service makes great food taste even better!

Next course was the roast beef sandwich for Husband and the gin-cured salmon for me. I'd order the beef sandwich, which I stole a bite of hubby's...the horseradish was excellent with it and the sandwich was a rustic beauty. My salmon was GORGEOUS...such a pretty plating, with dill, radish, cucumber, creme, and caviar placed on the salmon resting on pumpernickel crisps. You can tell time and effort went into the plating.

This will be a place to return to, next time we are in Philly.
Give me a break. 

My gf took me here since this place is known for being one of the best I'm the area for brunch. 

Please. 

If you grabbed a box of salad from wholefoods and dumped some generic dressing on top you could probably recreate one of the plates. 

Need I say more?
Surprisingly great deals for Happy Hour!  $2 snacks, $3 beers, $4 wines 
and the downstairs is wheelchair accessible (including bathrooms) :D
ATTENTION ALL FOODIES. if a meal was ever to be described as a wet-dream, the Tandoori Chicken is it, and really wet.  I consider myself highly experience at dining in public. I have lived and dined all over the world, including LA, NY, Paris, Beijing , San Francisco...Covid has given us challenges and a few hidden blessings. Having to find outside dining, allows me to have an immediate visual of the establishments desire and popularity.   When I was seated at this establishment I saw that a popular dish was burger and fries which at the moment a valid option however, as I looked at the menu this one dish popped out and said ".have me".  TY Jesus!  Made with care, love and precision for the pallette.   Bravo!   With gratitude - gp
Adorable British gastropub. Came here for brunch 2x and had the brioche french toast and tried the English breakfast. For drinks I had the Pimm's Deluxe because I'm a  gin girl and also tried the Big Ben (love a good egg white drink)

That french toast is incredible and the vanilla creme chantilly on top is what catapults this to an incredible meal. I have a sweet tooth. Perfectly balance in sweet and savory. The English breakfast hit the hearty spot, and this maybe fighting words, but the blood sausage was better than I've tried in England. It had more of an American taste, so there's probably more sweetness mixed in. The British blood sausage I've had had more of a game-ier, ultra-umami taste. Like, you could probably taste the type of grass that the animal was chomping off. Not bad at all, just a different flavor profile.

The wait staff were friendly and attentive and service was great. I felt comfortable with their social distancing practices to sit indoors.
$22 (before tip) for 2 pints of Burton's beer, set against a grandious, overcrowded, impersonal stage set? Not enough time to go into so many reasons why this place doesn't come close to being an authentic English pub.
Located a block away from Rittenhouse Square, this gastropub features three floors of dining rooms and bars, each designed with unique themes including a canine-inspired bar on the upper level. 

We arrived for an early dinner at The Dandelion, and although most of the dining rooms were sparse, the bar was already kicking and there were more and more people filtering into the restaurant throughout our meal.

The Dandelion features rotating casks of beers that are featured in beer flights. During my visit the three casks available, and included in the flight, were Three Heads Brewing Too Kind Double IPA, Troeg's Dead Reckoning American Porter, and Free Will Brewing Pale Stout Ale. My favorites were the latter too, which I found interesting because I tend to shy away from typical darker beers. I actually found the IPA to be more bitter than the porter and stout, and expected the opposite.

We selected a couple starters off the seasonal menu. The first was the Beef Tartare. It features a green salad, roasted shallot vinaigrette, truffle dressing, all on a sourdough toast. It's definitely a more rustic spin on a traditional French tartare, but it packs great flavor and freshness.

The pièce de résistance here at The Dandelion has got to be their Chicken and Duck Liver Parfait. It is the essence of the term "meat butter," and is served with a sweet grape chutney, cornichons, and brioche toast. It is utterly sublime.

For my entree, I absolutely had to try the Rabbit Pie. Bites of tender rabbit are simmered with oyster mushrooms, cipollini onions, smoked bacon, grain mustard, and white wine to create this decadent and comforting dish. A mile-high disc of buttery puff pastry tops this twist on a typical British savory pie. I loved every bite.

I'm always happy to expand my horizons, and gastropubs are all the rage these days. The Dandelion takes the very best of a traditional British pub and adds a bit of gourmet flair. The space is cool and comfortable, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the food is outstanding.
First thing's first. How amazing is their logo? If anything, seeing their dandy-lion (dandelion, get it?!) was enough to make me love this place.

Okay glad I got that off my chest. I liked the uniqueness of the ambiance. I want to call this a glamorized British pub situated within an old and classy manor. Drinking a glass of pinot noir here kind of made me feel like a fancy aristocrat. Pinkies up.  

The logo (!) and the ambiance is killer, but the food we had (rabbit pie, crab balls) was just okay. The wine/beer selection + cheese plate is awesome so 4 stars overall, and would definitely come back again.
The Dandelion delivered everything I would expect from a gastro pub - excellent service, hardy foods with a culinary twist, British comforts, and last but not least, good cocktails and wines. 

My two friends and I had reservations and were seated promptly. The menu is small, which I really like. We shared the English style cheese board for our appetizer which was fantastic with the selection of a soft cheese, blue cheese and hard cheese. My favorite combination was the blue cheese with the savory biscuits. My friend recommended Pimm's Cup and I loved all the fresh fruit combinations with Pimm's #1. I tasted a plum aftertaste? that I oddly loved. 

We also shared our entrees which included the fish & chips, crispy pork belly and pan seared salmon. The cod was fried perfectly and the fries were thick and meaty. The salmon was also cooked perfectly with a wonderful nutty crust. I'm unsure if it paired well with the curry chickpea stew. But the stew itself was good. The pork belly was thick, thick, fatty, meaty, with a super crispy skin. My favorite part of that dish was the pork skin. I'm not sure if it also paired well with the beets and greens salad. But the salad itself was good if you like beets and vinaigrette. 

All of the dishes were hardy with bold ingredients. Food was good but I don't think any dish really stuck out to me. Service was fabulous. We were checked on frequently. Our server was attentive and our questions were answered. It was a great dining experience and I would recommend this place for those who really want a worthy gastro pub scene.
It took me a 3years after moving to Philly to dine at The Dandelion. I heard mixed reviews of this restauant and I finally decided to get brunch on a Saturday. We went around 1pm and it was pretty packed. The wooden decor gives off a cozy feeling and the servers are all well dressed in white tops with clean cut hair-dos. You definitely get the elegant vibe of the restaurant than just a diner. 

3.5 stars for the uniqueness of the menu. There are several things on the men you will not see at other places. I always get the vibe that Steven Starr likes to "fusionize" his dishes which is why I think his food is different from others. 

3.5 stars for the taste. 
Fench toast-very crispy outer edges of the brioche so it's really well grilled, with a fluffy creme on the top that goes well with the maple syrup. $13.50 for the dish, you will def get more moneys worth at other brunch spots that serve french toast however. 
My friend got the poached eggs with Bubble and Squeak, with hollandaise and homemade steak sauce. Our waitress said this was her favorite brunch dish and I think it is one of the dishes that makes the menu slightly diff from other restaurants. The addition of the steak sauce combined all the flavors well,,but it wasn't a wow dish.. I'd probably get something else next time. 

2 stars for the service. The waitress did a good job on explaining what some of the dishes were when I asked. I did get slightly annoyed when it was hard to get her attention whenever we needed something. But that's okay, the restaurant was busy and she was polite and did an okay job. However, I was very disappointed when she brought out the check printed with 2americanos being charged for 2 lattes at $4.50each. Yes, I did order my first americano, and i asked for a coffee refill. I assumed the coffee refill was free for a regular coffee, but it wasn't. When I brought the bill to her attention, she explained that the bill was correct and an americano counts as a latte because it is an espresso drink. 

First of all, it should not be $4.50 (what Dandelion charges for a latte) for a cup of americano because an americano is NOT a latte. It should be $4 (according to Dandelion's menu, espresso is $4. Unless she was charging me 50cents for the hot water, i don't understand how the waitress could've said americano=latte). Second of all, for a nice restaurant like the Dandelion, where they would actually care about their service and customer satisfaction, I honestly think the waitress would be more concerning and smart to give me a FYI statement, stating a coffee refill is not free. Yes, I was upset for being charged $9 on coffee after eating a $13.50 french toast. I don't think I would have had this kind of experience at other 'nice' restaurants.
I came with a friend for dinner while I was in in Philly, and no complaints! The venue is super cute and decked out with christmas decorations during the holidays. It definitely brings a British-dining feel to the dinner experience. 

We ordered the ricotta and bread appetizer and I ordered the tikka marsala mussels, and I thought both were amazing! I loved how rich the ricotta was and how they presented the appetizer on a wooden board with lots of bread.
Being from England, and having spent a lot of time back there inside Pubs with family, I was very excited for the opening of The Dandelion - which promised cask bitter, a Sunday roast, and perhaps an "authentic" Engish Pub experience.

The first two promises have been kept, albeit at prices close to double what I would pay if I sat down in a great Pub like The Dolphin in Brockham or even a London Pub like The Audley in Mayfair. $56 for two people to have Sunday roast is outrageous, and $9 for cask beer is certainly not a price at which you can "drop in for a pint" (even if it is Imperial sized).

After seeing the place I also have to say there isn't much "authentic" about it - too shiny, too new, too busy and crowded with English nick-nacks... very Steven Starr.

It's a shame really, if someone could get a good English Pub done up right in the city it would be jam-packed at all hours of the day and night.
I was excited to try The Dandelion after I'd just spent a week in the UK and missed the British vibes :) I should've known that with the reputation for British food (which has been changing due to a bunch of great restaurants popping up and the wonderful ethnic cuisines they've always had) that I probably shouldn't pay nearly $20 for a shepherd's pie or fried fish and fries. And if I were to get an "authentic" experience at Dandelion, it might be as disappointing as the time I tried fish & chips in London and it turned out to be super bland..

The shepherd's pie cost a whopping $17.50 for a relatively small portion, and although it was tasty, it definitely was not worth the price. On top of that, there was hardly anything done to the dish to elevate it from an ordinary shepherds pie you'd find in the UK to a $18 one. And at the end of the day there's only so much you can do with a dish that consists of a layer of meat, mashed potatoes, and baked cheese. Actually there probably is more you can do if you're going to charge $17.50...

The salads also looked unimpressive, and the Tandoori chicken accompanying one of them was barely Tandoori and looked totally inauthentic. Everything on the classics menu looked extremely overpriced and ordinary, and with the price tag I'd expect more creativity in the ingredients mix and interpretations of the "classics" = can find anywhere in London for half the price. Fish & chips for $20??

My favorite was actually my friend's cask flight, which came with 3 different cask beers served closer to room temp and all had distinct, bright flavors.

I am really surprised by the high average rating for this place given how ordinary the food is for the price. I might go back again and try some of the other items with more promise, but this place really overcharges.
Craig LaBan must not have gone for brunch...

Our experience really is only worth one star, but I'm giving The Dandelion an extra star for atmosphere and location. Let me preface by saying I love Starr's concepts and think he is a genius. I was so excited to try this place, especially since my friend had been there the day before and had a great experience. She ordered the roast beef sandwich and also tried a bite of the burger and chicken sandwich. She loved it.

I returned on Sunday for brunch with same friend- yup it was so good that she wanted to go back the very next day. First of all, our server had no idea what was going on. We asked a few basic questions (what entrees come with, etc.) and he had to keep running back to the kitchen to ask.

For the food: First off, the coffee was terrible. I make better at home with my $10 pot from Target. And almost $3 for a cup. What? We both ordered the cheddar and swiss chard omelet, along with a scone and an order of the chips/fries. My friend said the scone was good, but bland, and I liked the fries, but they were not outstanding. Prefer the fries at Village Whiskey.

The major disappointment was the omelet. It was a joke. For $12, we were expecting a reasonable plate of eggs and greens, especially since we love Parc and have had phenomenal eggs there. This one was so tiny it was criminal to charge $12 for it. I should have taken a picture it was so ridiculous. The omelet itself was really weird, somehow it was spongy and crispy on the outside and completely undercooked on the inside. There was very little swiss chard (or was that spinach??) and the cheddar they chose did not melt correctly and separated. So overdone on the outside and a runny, oily mess on the inside. Not appetizing. There were about 2 bites worth of greens on the side, wilted and barely any dressing. No potatoes, no bread, nothing. I'm fine with good eggs and a salad if it is well prepared, but I've had better eggs at a diner.

We sent our food back, paid for what we ate and left. I'm gluten free and we were really baking on the omelet. There was no way I was going to spend $15 for a grilled chicken salad and my friend was not feeling another sandwich, so we ended up paying $20 for two coffees, a side of chips, and a scone. Really?? What a waste of time/money.

Skip The Dandelion and eat at Parc instead. For about the same price, you get a huge omelet, potatoes, greens and a basket of bread. Really doesn't make sense.
I am so in love with this place I booked my Airbnb nearby just so I could be close to it. It's cozy and feels like home.

I've been to Philadelphia twice and The Dandelion is always on my itinerary. The first time I went, I went based on recommendation. I remember leaving thinking it was some of the best food I've ever had. I particularly remember the smoked sweet potatoes with a citrus butter. Most recently, I made the decision to go all out and get drinks, sides, entrees, dessert the whole sha-bam. And it still some of the best food I've ever had. My favorite from this time was the lemon risotto. The texture was just right and the flavor was so refreshing. The sticky toffee pudding was also out of this world and tasted similar to a cinnamon roll. I personally switched out the banana ice cream out for white chocolate. 

I was informed the sweet potatoes are actually cooked in beef fat which was devastating to me since I am now a vegetarian. I'm only stating this because it's not noted in the menu and if you are vegetarian--everything fried is in beef fat so no french fries, sweet potatoes, etc.

 The only downside is it is very loud in here so not suited for intimate conversation.

Go to The Dandelion! My next goal is to make it for afternoon tea.
After having lived in England for one year, it was fun to see Starr's take on the pub scene. Of course, the Classic English pub is much more casual and doesn't even offer table service, but the place still brought back a pang of nostalgia. Dandelion has the great name and beer selection of an English pub, but differs in its fantastic service and hip ambience. 

I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we were both so pleased. This mansion-turned restaurant has the most wonderful, warm decor. He said it was a great mix up from the usual restaurant scene in Philly, and he was so impressed by the beer selection and with his flight of cask beers. Dandelion's rotating cask beer selection is a wonderful, authentic touch. 

We started off with the deviled eggs (suggestion courtesy of the Yelp reviews). I thought they were pretty good, though my boyfriend, a deviled egg fanatic, loved them. 

For our entrees, we shared the mussels and the fish and chips. Now, I haven't had great fish and chips since leaving England, and I was very eager to try Stephen Starr's own. For my final verdict, I give it 9/10. The fish was wonderfully flaky and the tartar sauce was divine! It was just missing a certain something; the deep fried exterior was just a tad off. Otherwise it was a great meal, and we really enjoyed the chips as well. The mussels were a very nice accompaniment. To finish off, we shared a chocolate cake that we couldn't get enough of!

And finally: the phenomenal service was perhaps the best we've experienced in Philly. So attentive, so kind, so willing and happy to make it a great night for us. Of course this isn't a family owned place where the owner will sit down and chat about his kids, but otherwise the service is as good as it gets. 

And of course, the location is very conveniently located next to some of the best restaurants and shopping. I would very highly recommend Dandelion if you're looking for something a little out of the ordinary, yet still hoping for that wonderful service experience. This is not your typical pub!
Had a great but expensive lunch here on Friday.  You'd never know the economy is "bad" looking around this new Stephan Starr restaurant - almost all the tables were taken.  Each room is decorated differently and all had a very warm "pub" feel. There's a bar on the ground floor as well as on the second.

The lunch menu is a little smaller than dinner but the prices seem to be the same.  There were two of us and we tried a total of 3 different "Casks" beer  (Beer fermented and stored in this traditional way is less fizzy than American draft beer and sipped at the cellar's natural temperature.)

We shared the deviled egg appetizer (which was the only thing I really felt was a rip-off.  $4 for 2 eggs ?? - although they were very good .)  The Rabbit Pie as well as the Fish & Chips were very very good.  I was glad the "triple cooked chips" came with the fish because they would not have been worth paying an extra $5 as shown on the menu as a "side".

All the staff were very friendly and the setting inviting.  For the above, before tip, the bill came to around $60.00   We will definitely go back!
There is an old joke about all of the cooks in hell being British, but Dandelion proves it wrong. The food is really quite good. 

We started with a special appetizer, cod croquettes served in a small cast iron skillet with tomatoes. Delicious! The bread at Dandelion also deserves a special note. I don't know, but I seriously hope they are doing it in house, the breads served throughout our meal were really terrific. (I've been on a baking kick lately, so I am paying close attention to breads.) The coarse farm pumpernickel in the bread basket was a small delight. 

There is a well curated set of taps, and the staff was knowledgeable about the drafts. Well, done, guys. The cocktail list is worth a look. I tied the Basil Punnet. It was a refreshing, mildly fruity pink concoction. Very nice. 

My brother ordered the Lamb Shepherds pie and really enjoyed it. A small note, the "pie" is a small portion, but rich and filling. The baked trout was quite good. The fish preparation was simple and straightforward, well executed and let the fish shine through. 

For desserts, the Chai rice pudding is a small pot of creamy goodness. It is served with a citrus gellato that is quite extraordinary in flavor and texture. 

One drawback, the bar on the first floor gets loud on popular nights.
We decided to eat here on a whim.  I've heard good and not-so-good things about the place, mostly that the atmosphere is decent, but the price is prohibitive. 

I'm going to address the latter part right now.  This pub is 200 feet from Rittenhouse Park.  If you decide to indulge in any spot within a 2 block radius of the park, you MUST expect to pay for it.  You are in arguably the nicest part of the fifth largest city in the United States, enjoy it, but don't flame a review because you expected the cost to rival a gastropub elsewhere. This is just the way of things.  The rent is higher for the ownership, and the cost to do business is higher.

The atmosphere is eccentric British Gastro-pub meets Oxford study lounge.  There's a full-sized dairy cow 'sculpture' in an alcove just below the ceiling towards the back, and enough woodwork, trim moldings, wainscoting and brass to make a 19th century ship builder proud.

We sat at the bar and ordered drinks.  A modest selection of taps as there may have been, there was a plethora of whiskeys and other spirits, as well as an above average selection of bottled beer and cider.  They also have an eclectic variety of house cocktails, and I believe I witnessed several hand-pumps on the upper level bar (the menu lists casks), of which I'll be sampling on future visits.

It was lunchtime on a Sunday, so we were handed the brunch menu.  Since this was my first visit, I had to order the fish and chips.  In my mind there was simply no way around the notion that if they can't do THAT right, they shouldn't call themselves a British Gastro-pub.  My girlfriend ordered the hot roast beef sandwich.

Our orders arrived on cutting boards.  Mine included a piece of paper between the board and food.  I was once told that the only way to enjoy authentic fish and chips is off paper.  Whether he was full of it or not, it reigns true as the proper way to receive this popular British street food; often times served wrapped in newspaper.  It's the little things.

Served with a lemon wedge and tartar sauce, the fish was cod and cooked perfectly. Warm all the way through and clearly not frozen for any length of time, if at all.   The thickness and heft of the fish might have upset the purists out there, but I was happy for such a generous cut.  A welcome change from the thinner, meager portions I find so often. The breading maintained its composure throughout, never getting soggy or chewy.   The chips ... were bloody awesome.  Thrice cooked and thick as a roll of nickels cut square.  Doused in a bit of malt vinegar, they were divine.  The only 'Philly' touch was the ramekin of ketchup, but in all fairness I don't know what wouldn't taste good slathered on these.

My girlfriend's sandwich was equally as desirable.  With a healthy portion of beef, moistened by juices, topped with greens and a horseradish mayo.  The sourdough bread was crusty, chewy and perfect.  A great melody of flavor and freshness I could totally see myself ordering on my next visit.

All in all the experience was sufficiently above average.  As we were seated at the bar it's hard to truly rate the service, although the bartender was very friendly and helpful.  Another night we'd like to come in for full-on table service with a larger group to explore deeper into the menu.  A good many things were calling my name from the dinner menu.
This place is very cute, and really nice for a date. Came hear for brunch/tea and they seated us to a small round table. Little did they know, we were able to eat a lot, ordered a lot, and they had to move us to a new table. I didn't care that we had to stand up, move our stuff in front of everyone. Because when the food came out, the servers brought out the food and were puzzled as to why they are still holding our food. I mean, they can stand table side and hold the plates, but I don't think we should be treated as king or queen like Game of Thrones style.

Anyways, they were nice and friendly and really accommodating to our appetite and moved us to a bigger table. We ordered Green Tea, which was pretty good and generic. We ordered a round of (I think it was Raspberry) Mimosas since it was brunch, but they also did have plenty of other mixed drinks, wines and beer for you to choose from. 

As for food. we ordered egg sandwiches, the french toast (WHICH WAS HUGE!), Mac and cheese, pancakes...just to name a few. Everything came out really fast and it was pretty overwhelming to see all the food (please see picture I posted for reference). 

It was somewhat pricey which was anywhere between $10-20 per plate, but overall experience was fantastic! I really like this spot a lot, very hipster and fancy at the same time. I will definitely come back here...if I had a girl friend or date to bring also.
Super cute and cozy inside and out! Stopped by for a drink. Had a delicious and refreshing Pimms Deluxe. Snacked on the bar nuts which were incredibly delicious. They're served hot and coated in crispy herbs. This is a great spot for a date or to catch up with a friend.
Nice place for Afternoon Tea. Decor was adorable. Staff personable. White Rose cocktail was delicious! Also, there's two parking garages across from the restaurant
Dinner: SUNDAY ROAST

Any other time: gotta do TEA TIME

Dinner:
Came here for Valentine's Day and had an amazing experience. The oysters were slacking on the meat so definitely don't recommend those but the cheese platter is immaculate; the homemade crackers/biscuits, the chutney is phenom and the cheese obviously great.
My boyfriend and I shared the Sunday Roast which had amazing flavors; the horseradish butter was to die for. The yorkshire pudding was baked perfectly. I definitely recommend medium rare, medium was a bit tough.
Everything was perfect, I have nothing bad to say.

Tea time:
Came here with some girlfriends in the afternoon, got the 3 tiers and some teas to sample. It was so fun eating finger sandwiches and little pastries while drinking tea. Definitely recommend for the experience as well as the phenomenal finger foods
Excellent atmosphere and value here! We went for dinner but I was recommended to come back for tea and finger sandwiches. The style of the restaurant is British with warm dim lighting-- great for a date or catch up with friends. Coming from Manhattan, I thought the prices were reasonable e.g. $12 for a generous portion of Mac & Cheese. My friend swears by the Duck Bolognese so if that's your thing go for it. The Crab Risotto also looked tasty but was a smaller portion. I recommend trying the salted bread they bring out before the meal. Great selection of beer, wines, and cocktails with the option to do a beer tasting flight.
It's sort of like walking into your grandmother's house, if your grandmother is a wealthy alcoholic taxidermist.

I met Laura S. and a few other friends here for dinner and drinks on a Thursday night.  The place has about 8 different rooms on 4 different floors and the decor (down to the plates) is crazy-British-grandmother chic. 

I think we tried most of the menu. I won the ordering game with the pork belly ($14) - it was crispy/melty/rich/delicious and big enough that I couldn't finish it.  According to the rest of my table, the burger was good but not great (but it was served on a giant cutting board, so bonus points for presentation), the rabbit pie was decent, and the fish and chips were mediocre. For the appetizers, the parsnips and fish cakes were not a hit, but my friend was happy with her beetroot jar and beetroot-cured-salmon. The bread and butter were both delicious.

Authentic British Friend (TM) was happy overall but was pretty outraged that the place serves macaroni and cheese, which apparently is as authentically British as baseball and apple pie.

All and all, the price-to-quality ratio is on the high side, but the place is A-OK. If they get cider on tap (and price it accordingly), they'll earn themselves a solid 4-stars.
I love this restaurant.  I have been here for Brunch, Tea Time, Dinner, and just for drinks and I am never disappointed (except when I can't get a reservation).  I came here with my parents for Christmas Eve dinner and they did such a great job that my parents (who proclaim to hate "British" food) demanded we come back the next time they were in town. 
Some of my favorites:
- Berkshire Pork Terrine
- Deviled Eggs
- Smoked Salmon and Trout Pate
- Chicken Sandwich 
- Lamb's Shephards Pie

Definitely a Philadelphia gem-- perfect for so many occasions! From a casual drink and snack in the afternoon to a lovely evening.  The Man's best friend bar is my favorite room to sit in, but the whole building is gorgeous and so well done.  It's a must see/drink/eat for anyone visiting or moving to Philadelphia.
For cask beers and other traditional English style beers, this is the only game in town. Yes, the interior design may have gone to an extreme, but I think it's great. I love the fact that I don't feel like I am in Philly anymore. The food is quite good, but as with all Starr restaurants, the food is always very good and a bit expensive. It's never awesome and cheap. The trade off is that service is always great.
Excellence is the only way to describe this Stephen Starr gastropub. Set and decorated as an old Victorian home, everything from the decor and ambiance to the service and food meets only the highest of standards. The restaurant is designed on several floors with a grand fireplace at the entrance and themed rooms, my favorite of which is the dog room that is lined with hundreds of dog trinkets and paintings along the walls.

Food is superb, especially the award winning fish and chips which is lighting battered and absolutely melts in your mouth. I was concerned that this dish would be a bit to heavy for me, but was proven wrong.  For apps, the homemade ricotta is like nothing I have ever had before. I try to order something new each time because I know I won't be disappointed and like to explore the unique menu. I've enjoyed the Smoked Salmon & Trout Kedgeree Cakes, Cheeseboard, Chicken & Duck Liver Parfait, Smoked Salmon & Trout Pâté, Beef Tartare, Oysters, "Gin" Cured Salmon, Pint Of Prawns, Duck Bolognese, Tikka Masala Mussels, Bangers & Mash, and likely others.  

As you can tell, I frequent Dandelion often and genuinely recommend this Rittenhouse gem for a charming and warm meal. Next thing on the agenda is to come back for Sunday roast, brunch and high tea!
Came here for a typical Saturday brunch, but will have me coming back is the atmosphere of this gastropub. It seems like each room has a different scene. Looking around while waiting for our table to be set up, it seems like there are a handful salons on the first and second floor. The restaurant seems modest on the outside, but completely decked out on the inside. Attention dog lovers, there is a really cool dog room. Check it out! 

The food was typical. I ordered a royale eggs benedict (the smoked salmon makes it "royale"). It was enjoyable. What I didn't enjoy was the latte afterwards. Should have gone with a beer for the meal instead! My latte was a bit sad and my buddy's coffee was quite expensive for drip brew. 

Maybe not the best location for brunch, but definitely a unique scene for lunch or dinner. I will be back to check out more of the rooms!
I'd give this place a 3.5.  I have been awaiting the brunch opening of Dandelion for quite some time.  My bf and I have spent almost 3 years between us in London and finding an authentic British pub in Philly (and in Center City) would be a dream!  Unfortunately, there is only 1 room out of the 5 that resembles a true UK pub, and it's the bar area on the 2nd floor.  We were seated in the dining area overlooking 18th and Sansom on fl 2 (which is not pretty), and we found the furniture too pristine, the ceilings too high, and generally, more like an old American restaurant.  

The positives:  
-real fireplace downstairs
-long list of half-pints and pints (and boddington)!
-I loved the burger and the triple-cooked fries
-the fish & chips looks amazing and everyone commented on how fresh the fish was.  it's a giant hunk of fish and I overheard another patron call "very flaky" in a good way!
-the mashed potatoes on the lamb shepard's pie
-$9 mac n cheese main in a skillet
-super sweet hostess
-lots of room (right when you walk in, there's a bar area and some tables, then you walk into a room w. a fireplace, then upstairs, you have an area that looks a lot like White Dog in University City and then another dining area, and finally one more bar area w/ large comfy booths and carpeted floor)
-lots of daytime drinkers just like in the UK

The negatives:
-the cask ales were not good.  Perhaps there needs to be more time, but the bitter was sorely disappointing and they didn't have the extra bitter.  I settled on the Indian Pale Ale in the end.  Oh well.
-overly salty food
-frazzled servers


I'll be back but the real sell for me would be awesome cask ales.  Then I'd be here every afternoon.
The Dandelion is, just as many Starr restaurants, so perfectly committed to its theme you will feel transported.  The atmosphere makes you feel like you're in the middle of a warm cozy British bar with even the smallest details thought out.  The only downsides are that it is expensive, and it is generally very crowded.  
The drink and beer list is great - the bartenders really know what they're doing, definitely try one of the custom cocktails and end with a nice glass of beer. 
I've eaten here a few times over the years for brunch and dinner and have always had great service and wonderful, flavorful and unique food.  The burger is always a great go-to as are the fish and chips.  This last time we decided to try the chicken and I was insanely surprised by how delicious and flavorful it was, definitely do not overlook this item.  
All in all this place has become a trustworthy Philly staple that will not let you down! Great for a romantic dinner or a night out with friends!
Great place for all anglophiles! Very cozy, friendly atmosphere. Do not miss the salmon pate!
FOUR WORDS. CHICKEN AND DUCK PATE. You MUST get this. It is out of this world. Looks straight out of a dissection lab BUT DO NOT be scared. Take that fluffy piece of toast, smear a solid amount of pate and add some of the chutney on top. Guaranteed good time. 

Deviled eggs were also incredible, they were super fresh and had a solid consistency. 

Also had the branzino, which was cooked PERFECTLY. Friends had the burger, which is also a CANT MISS, and the steak and chips. 

Service was quick, 10/10, wait staff was on top of their game. Water was never missing and with the layout of the upstairs restaurant, the waitstaff is never too far away.
I had an amazing afternoon tea experience here! The ambience is very nice, and at certain seating there is a view to people watch. The decor is also very fitting for afternoon tea and a British gastropub. I think the pricing was fair for the portions, the sandwiches are the best that I've had for afternoon tea but they're still pretty good. The drinks have a good ratio and compliment the sandwiches I had for the Down the Rabbit Hole tier. For desert I had the banoffe, which was probably the best I've had! 

I will most definitely be coming back here to try a different tier for afternoon tea along with another serving of banofee.
I wasn't sure about going to an English style restaurant but all the excellent reviews drew me in. Well, all the 5-star reviews are true!

Atmosphere at this place has that old English charm. Downstairs feels more like a pub around the bar area, but upstairs is cozy. 

I went for Steak & Chips and wow! I first took a bite of the watercress salad and was blown away by how good that is! The server came to check on me and all I could say was the salad is amazing and I haven't even sunken my teeth into the steak yet!

The chips were perfectly fried with the right thickness. I couldn't get enough of it. 

And the steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I savored and enjoyed every bite.

This place did not disappoint. When I return to Philly I'm definitely coming back to try more dishes!
The best cold night comfort food restaurant in the city. Sit down stairs by the fire. Have a drink. Then a nice cozy dinner. Great burger, the best fish and chips, roast beast on Sundays. It feels homey and lush in the best possible way. Servers are well trained and very knowledgeable. My complements to the managers. I like lunch more then dinner, but that's just me.
