This is a tough one to call. 

The premises of Three Monkeys Café is beautiful, both inside and out. A lot of thought and money was put into bringing the old saloon back to life. From tin-type ceiling tiles, through refinished wood floors, exceptional back bar, and zany monkey decorations throughout, the inner sanctum of this place is a pleasure to sit in and enjoy.  Great job!

The outer side patio/garden is likewise a wonderland.  Colorful, whimsical, tall treed, and full of monkey business.  On a spring, summer or autumn day or evening, it is no doubt an endearing space for a few drinks and semi-romantic meal.  Gotta love it!

The weak link is the kitchen. 

We were there for breakfast after visiting the USCIS facility nearby. It wasn't quite warm enough to dine al fresco, so we sat at a corner table in the barroom, and were served by a friendly management person.  We were introduced to Douwe Egbert Coffee, a Dutch brand in operation since 1753.  One of their spinoffs developed a novel approach to mass produced coffee that liquefies it in concentrate, and brews on site and when ordered, so every cup is fresh and strong.  Mine had a mild chicory flavor.  I really liked it, although I would need a lot more sampling and comparison to fresh ground beans to know if it was as good as what I grind/brew at home. Still, it was a pleasant cuppa Joe. 

The sausage, egg and cheese on seeded roll with side of home fries, were the main attractions.  They left me somewhat disappointed.  It was fine that they used cut up links rather than patties, and threw them in with a few scrambled eggs and slices of cheese.  It was very big, because the roll was from a cheesesteak sandwich; not a hard Kaiser.  But, it had not been grilled at all, and did not really work with the breakfast theme.  Too, the mix lacked spice, and would have benefited by being cooked with a pinch of salt, pepper, and maybe even a shake or two of Pecos Bill.  Finally, the potatoes looked great and greasy, but were completely cold.  

A little quality control at the grill, and perhaps retaining a real chef to handle the preparation or at least to train the staff, would make a world of difference.  Three Monkeys has a ton of potential. It just needs to polish the brass and sand the wood trim (culinary-wise) to become a completely enthralling experience.  

3.5 Stars
The only reason to come here is for the food and outdoor space. But don't sit too long, the manager will make the waitress drop the check and force you to get up (with full drinks).

This really happened to me on a Wednesday night. Went for dinner and drinks with a few friends. They had an okay crowd, not packed, but good for a weeknight. We sat outside, ordered apps and drinks. About an hour later we ordered our third round of drinks and we see the manager come outside and say to our waitress "start dropping checks, they've been here too long (motions to us) and they've been here for too long (a table of 4 girls seated in the corner).  The waitress promptly comes over and drops the check. Doesn't apologize (she knows we heard him) doesn't ask if we need anything else, just says "I'll take this whenever you're ready". 
Next, someone else comes over and starts clearing the table AS we were finishing our full drinks we had just ordered.

Again, this was a Wednesday night, it wasn't packed, and we were seated for ONE hour. Oh, and after we were forced up, our table wasn't seated again for about a half hour. So no one was waiting. 

I used to be a regular and I won't go back. This place has gotten way too cocky. They started out as one of the only bars in the Northeast area with outdoor space and craft beer. Now there are more places than I can count, with better drinks, better prices, and actually appreciate paying customers.
I was running a mercy call for a friend, and dog knows I do that without thought, it's my nature to do shit for people, even people who are a pain in my ass, when I came across this cute little pub right across the street from the train station.  Lunch was on my mind.

Beer selection I thought was OK, could have been better, but I was in the Northeast where I think Guinness is still considered a craft beer.

Another OK experience was the Italian grilled chicken wrap...fresh, interesting.  Of course the best part of the dish was the potato chips... thick, dark, crispy.

My friend had the Gluten-free Cajun turkey burger with sriracha mayo on a gluten-free bun.  Again, OK I was told.

The place itself was cute/pub-y, with monkeys hanging around.  Looks like they have a nice outdoor patio, but it was too cold to sit outside.  And if I ever am in the Northeast again I may stop in.  It's not cheap but tell me where it is cheap these days.
Three Monkeys Cafe is a bright spot in a neighborhood devoid of cool places to hang out.  It's located on James Street, just off of State Road (near the City Line in the far Northeast) and directly across the street from the SEPTA R7 Torresdale station.  

I ventured into this place last winter, when it was cold and snowy, and I was waiting for someone to pick me up from the train station.  I didn't notice anything special, and the cloud of cigarette smoke coming from a group of grouchy old men at the bar soon drove me from the building.  Luckily, however, I recently stopped into Three Monkeys again with my mother for lunch, and I discovered, to my delight, that the place had expanded and improved.  The interior of the bar/restaurant reminds me of a cozy English pub, complete with hardwood floors, wooden walls and booths, and old-style ceiling fans and bar decor.  Since last winter, the cafe has also added a charming, shady outdoor garden complete with a monkey-shaped fountain, so patrons can eat or drink outside when the weather is nice.  Also, the cloud of smoke is gone, thanks to the Philadelphia City Council.

I was also pleasantly surprised by the menu this time around.  I didn't remember there being anything special on the menu the first time I visited, but this time, I found that they serve delicious American food with a twist, such as Asian wings, panko-fried chicken fingers, salmon BLT's, mussels, and drunken shrimp.  I ordered the veggie burger, which I usually never eat, and it was delicious.  My mother got the salmon BLT sandwich, which was a little undercooked at first, but the waitress was so pleasant when my mother asked to have the fish cooked a bit more, and her sandwich arrived back at our table fully cooked so quickly that it really was not an inconvenience at all.  And the food was delicious.  Check out their menu online at www.3monkeyscafe.com.  

They also have your usual assortment of beer on tap, mixed drinks, and the like.  I didn't have any alcohol at lunch, but I can't wait to go back and have some mussels and "Horny Monkey Ale" while sitting outside in their garden.

Every Monday is 3M Monday, when patrons can enjoy $3 Mojitos, Martinis, and Margaritas all day.  This place really is a hidden gem in the far Northeast.

UPDATE:  I've had the "Horny Monkey Ale" and it's pretty good.  And I really like their filet mignon cheeseteak with provolone.  Yum.
What happened to this place? Was here a year ago and loved it so I suggested  my friends and I meet here for dinner. OMG! What a disappointment. The menu  didn't offer much of a selection, not like I remembered from last year. The food was marginal at best and was RIDICULOUSLY over-priced. $26 for two tiny (2") crab cakes. There is no salad or bread offered with dinner. We asked our server for some bread and were quite surprised to see a $2.00 charge for bread. The beer selection has also diminished. They use to have a fairly decent selection of  craft beers. Yuengling was about as top shelf as it gets now. I have to cross this off my list of recommended places.
I miss the old Three Monkeys.
I'd been trying to get here for a while now since it's always so crowded. Finally went on a Sunday afternoon and well I was disappointed. 

Food - waaaay overpriced for mediocre food! $15 for a chicken Caesar salad? Really!?!? I didn't even have a whole chicken breast on it. Not to mention $4 for a miller lite bottle...wow.

And the service...we pretty much had a non-existent waitress. And we got the good ol' dirty silverware which we couldn't get replaced because she wasn't anywhere to be found.

The place is way over- rated in my opinion.
This is a nice little local bar. And who doesn't like staring at random monkey themed decor while eating? The food is not your typical bar food of fried greasy things. I enjoyed their humus appetizer and their French Dip roast beef was pretty good but putting it on a croissant just made it a soggy mess. I wasn't impressed with their homemade chips, they were almost burnt and mostly tasted of grease. On the plus side the portions are generous so you can soak up all that Horny Monkey Ale. I hate the taste of beer but could not resist trying a sip because of the name. I would have to honestly say it was not that bad. The monkeytinis & appletinis were strong & tasty. I want to go back once the weather is nicer and they have their outdoor seating open.
Visited three monkeys on Saturday. Greeted by a friendly server Claudia. She was busy because she had tables outside & inside but managed to make us feel taken care of. 

We had the mahi tacos recommended by our server. Delicious!!

My husband the mighty joe young burger. Cooked to perfection.

Will definitely be going back. (Camera died no pics )
I am consistently disappointed with everything about this place. Ever since they changed chefs it has been nothing short of a nightmare. The service is always terrible. Every time I go someone's order is wrong. The women that work there have an attitude problem. They wear their hair down and they talk to you like your standing on a street corner. The menu is overpriced for the quality of food!! I hate that it's such a popular neighborhood spot because it's never a good dining experience. The only time I will return is to see Jimmy Burke bartend!! Other than that this place has officially lost my business!!
After reading most of the reviews on hear, I should have figured. 

I was hear this morning for breakfast!! Just one other person in there, 

Got seated, waitress ask me what I wanted to drink. Told her reg cup of coffee. So that was a good start. Then after that, everything went down hill from there. 

I really thought highly about this place when I seen the inside and outside. 

After seeing the prices and seeing how expensive the breakfast is and what they give you, I knew this would probably be the last. 

I got the 3 eggs, with toast, and home fries, When the food came out. I could only think Wow that looks good. But the home fries and eggs we're cold, the only thing that was hot was the coffee!! Very disappointed!! 

So then there is a $3 off coupon on hear for breakfast for weekday. I show the waitress, she says to me, I never seen that before. She goes and checks and comes back and says to me she will tell her manager about it, never took $3 off my check. Never even ask anyone esle that works there about it. Then I realized after few min that it's when you spend $10 or more but that dont tell you till you get there and check in. So like they say there always a catch to something. 

This place does not care about their customers, I should have known that as soon as I walked in!! 

I won't see myself going hear anymore. It's a shame because if this  place was ran the right way it could very well be one of the best places to get a drink or a bight to eat.
Keep in mind I came from Delco to dine. I was very underwhelmed by the food! The ambiance, decor and overall feel was very nice. You may find parking difficult based on the time of day because a major Septa train stop is across the very small street. All these factors have an affect on my review.

I used reservations through Yelp and it worked perfectly. On arrival I was promptly greeted by a bubbly young lady who took me to my seat. As I walked through the dining area I enjoyed the pictures and decorations plastered to the wall. A monkey and bar/pub theme. Fun and entertaining.

As for the food I arrived during happy hour so appetizers are $3 off and there are drink specials. I enjoyed a cold Stella Artois on tap but not so much the French Onion Soup. The soup broth was blah and onions were in part the outer skin so inedible. I love soup especially French Onion but both me and my dining partner did not care for it. After a couple of spoons I left it behind. The sriracha wings were standard in flavor but very nice in size. When asked my friend said the steak egg were 'okay'. She is a foodie who would normally order a entree even when I do not, this time she declined! Enough said!

I was told they have a great brunch. Maybe that's what I should have made plans for. Because this trip was a bust!
I pretty much came here because Yelp has been suggesting it to me for weeks. After reading reviews and lots of internal debating, I went. I went and I was not impressed. I'm actually kind of mad that the food costed as much as it did. I'm also not too pleased with the service there.

I don't expect to be greeted with red carpets and cheerleaders, so I don't mind if a hostess isn't elated to see me (though your job is to greet people with a friendly personality). We were seated promptly as it wasn't too busy. I was excited looking at the menu, there were so many interesting things to choose from. I decided to get an entree, the "Dare to Be Rare," which consisted of seared rare Ahi tuna over cold wasabi-ginger cous cous. Sounded right up my alley. Beforehand, I decided to split the lobster mac and cheese bites with the person I was with. I waited anxiously. 

Much like the Dog and Bull, I was SURROUNDED by flies. It's hard for me to keep my language PG, but I really hate flies...especially in large amounts. I find myself holding my drink in my hand because I was tired of swatting them away from my straw. I finished my soda rather quickly and out came the appetizer. It was a bus boy who brought it to us. My other half asked if we could have refills on our soda. Mind you, we were sitting literally two feet away from where the soda comes from. It's the only reason why we asked him... he told us that he "doesn't do that," and would, "try to find the server." Cool man. Thanks. Moving on to the appetizer, it wasn't bad...but it wasn't great. The mac and cheese didn't really taste like anything, and I was convinced there wasn't lobster in them at all. Definitely not worth 12 dollars, but we ate them anyway. 

The entrees came out quickly after. The presentation was nice. I definitely give them that. The person I was with ordered "The Sticken," which was chicken and regular steak with hot sauce, gorgonzola cheese, and those french's crispy onions. It came with a side of homemade chips. His was actually really good. I felt 13 bucks was a little steep, but it wasn't bad. Again, I'm left jealous and regretful. I didn't really like my dish at all...but I ate it. I don't send food back unless there's something SERIOUSLY wrong. The "cold" cous cous salad was room temperature, which was really off-putting. It also just tasted like honey mustard. The tuna was rough and tasteless. I was almost nervous about eating it, thinking about how likely it would be that I may get sick from it. Meh. 

The whole bill came out to $54.00 even. Definitely not worth it. We still left the server a decent tip even though we didn't see much of him. I used to work in food service, so I really avoid giving servers a hard time or shitty tips at all. 

I won't be back, but there are plenty of other people who seem to enjoy this place a lot more than I did! I'd stay away from entrees and order basic sandwiches.
Disappointing to say the least. If I take a 40 minute ride in rush hour, it's for the hope of tantalizing food. While the location was ok, parking is limited. Staff was friendly but not very attentive.

It was rush hour & there was half  price appetizers.  I had the cheesesteak egg rolls & french onion soup. The cheesesteak egg rolls were small and over fried. The french onion soup was bitter.

I heard raves about this place for brunch. I am hesitant to return because while breakfast is simple, how hard is soup & eggrolls?
Love Three Monkeys Cafe. LOVE IT.

Food is good, service is very good, even when they are busy. The first time I went, it was just before St. Patty's day, and the place was packed. Our waitress was fantastic, she really took care of us and let us in on her favorites on the menu, since we'd never been there before. The steamed clams in basil & garlic butter is my favorite. Definitely different than other restaurants.

The fried "Calamonkey" and the Monkey Surf n Turf are both very good as well.

There are many drink options, lots of beers on tap, and they have Frambois Raspberry Lambic--YUM.

All in all, this is a great place to go to relax. Very comfortable atmosphere and a true gem in the NE.

Will definitely be returning--and soon!!
Not impressed at all.  I remember coming here two years back and enjoyed it, but the menu looked totally different now.

I came here for lunch w/ my wife.  Service was good, food not so much.  She had a veal parm sandwich, it tasted like an Encore frozen dinner veal parm patty.  I had tequila shrimp.  It was like $16 and I got like 6-7 shrimp w/ a side of soggy, bland vegetables.

Why the hype??
Save your money.  Risotto should not be crunchy and dry.  Louisiana chicken should not be bland, overcooked, and be of Dollar Store quality.  House chips should not be burnt and ultra salty.  Miller High Life should not be 4$.  Waitress' should not be smothering and pushy.  That is minus five stars.

The cheese plate for 11$ was expensive, but the best part of the night.  So, that is the one star this place barely deserves.

P.S.  Warm up your vocal cords.  This place is so loud I had to yell all night.
Over an hour wait for our food.  For burgers.  Must have had to go out and butcher the cow.  Had to stand up like we were leaving to get our server's attention to PAY THE BILL.  Will never go here again.
Never had an iffy experience here until last night. I know how busy cooks can get when they are preparing food during the dinner rush, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. 

I reserved a table for 2 for 6:00pm. Once we were seated, our waitress came over (I think her name was Vanessa) and asked us what we wanted to drink. I ordered the red sangria. It was strong, but it was tasty. 

We went with the Primate Pretzel as our appetizer. It did not disappoint! The smoked Gouda dip it came with was so savory. I'm a cheese lover, but I've never had Gouda with a pretzel and it was the most delicious pairing.  

The Buffalo Cauliflower burger sounded fantastic. It was an item that I had never seen on their menu before so I ordered it. The cauliflower was breaded and deep fried and smothered with buffalo wing sauce. They also toss in some blue cheese crumbles. The bun was buttery. Mmm it will have your mouth watering when it arrives at the table! 

My only issue with this visit was a random piece of metal I found underneath my chips. I'm not that girl to complain if my food is cold or if something is forgotten to be brought to the table, but this was a piece of metal that I could've choked on. 
I flagged down our waitress and explained what I saw and she lifted the plate and examined the metal. She had no idea what it was, but she said, "I'm so sorry about that... you know, this happens every once in a while." Not exactly what I wanted to hear as a customer, but she said cooks tend to throw stuff around the kitchen. She offered me a brand new side of chips and when she came back, she let me know that they were going to comp the burger for me just because. She took the piece of metal back to the kitchen. 

Our Monkey Bread dessert was phenomenal. It tasted like a warm cinnamon roll in a skillet. It was topped with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. Very filling, we couldn't finish it! 

Food was great, except for the small mishap with the metal. Service was good. The outdoor seating compliments the restaurant nicely.
My fiancé & I just left this place. We were there for their happy hour & everything was going great as usual until a guy interrupted us mid-meal to tell my fiancé that he had to turn the brim of his hat forward. According to him, it is an "old school rule" to wear your hat with the brim facing forward. He also went on to say that Three Monkeys is a restaurant & called my fiancé rude for wearing his hat the way he did. If this was a so called "house rule" why aren't there any signs? & why hadn't anyone told him the past times we have been here? If it is a "rule" why didn't our server or hostess enforce it when we first walked in? This place is a joke & we will NEVER be back again. Btw-don't bother ordering the monkey bread. It sucks.
I don't know why i came here lol. It's not a place where you would want to take family, very much a sports bar. Super loud and food was ok, nothing special. 

Appetizer was too salty. Entrees were decent. Service was ok. 

Monkey bread was the best! 

That's all folks.
I was in town visiting relatives . And I was too Lazy to drive center city from North Philadelphia for brunch after the holidays . You know traffic and parking etc.  And second I am very picky when it comes to eating out no chains no franchise . This place is sum what a pub / cafe. With  a huge out door seating , bar area with stool type seating and a more traditional cafe type seating be hind the bar. Interior have odd paintings of monkeys. Parking is free on the street  up to three hours during certain time. Parking lot is also available across the street and next to the restaurant.

The food...
They are well know for happy hour , but I was here for brunch                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    and it seems the breakfast menu was down at 12 pm.
I had the Irish roast Beef sandwich that consisted  gravy fries piled on top of the roast beef, horseradish mayo on a onion roll.
Other items ordered 
-Turkey Club  consisted  of  Slow roasted turkey breast, grilled Texas toast, lettuce, tomato, smoked apple bacon and apple butter.
-Glazed Salmon consisted  of Horseradish honey glazed with roasted garlic, shallots and spinach
- Crab Chimp  its more like loaded potato chips . It consisted of fresh made potato chips topped with Lump crab and cheese sauce, scallions.

The service..
The server was ok at first . But seem to have everybody rushed to order. Our check was not properly handled . We split bill 4 ways and only 3 of the 4 receipts. What made it worse the manager tried to rush us out stating table we were sitting was being reserved for  huge party waiting.  There was no party waiting out side and it was a load of Bull sh!t to get us out. What if we wanted to order drinks or order food to go. Not good business. 

The verdict..
This place have great food. Service is a hit and miss. I would debate hard to come back here
I used to adore this place. Until they served my best friend's sister MEAT in her Mac-n-cheese.  She TOLD the server she was a vegetarian and was still served BACON! She got VERY ill.  We spent over $500 there because I brought a large group there for my birthday (I'm a sucker for the outside area...but we weren't able to sit out there).  As a restaurant manager myself, how could the management do nothing about this when it was brought up? NEVER AGAIN! I'm still waiting for my apology...I won't hold my breath.
Okay so here I go.. What happened to this place? This was a good bar/restaurant at one time. Sad to say those days are long gone. The food is so damn inconsistent, some days are better then others. And the prices, they keep going up. I don't mind paying for a good meal but this is getting ridiculous. I'm not sure if they still think they are the only bar in the far NE within craft beer and ambience. The outdoor area is very nice, I enjoy it out there. I remember the days when there wasn't a time limit. I'm sorry I understand people want to sit out there but if I'm a paying customer and I'm still ordering rounds, then go pound sand. It's ridiculous  that paying customers are told they have to get up. I'm done with this place. Oh and the service blows! The waitresses are too busy in the corner talking. They care more about what they did the night before. It's quite sad.  This was nice place at one time, not any more. Go elsewhere. Their other place dog and bull is still very good, but I'm sure that will change as well...


I hope the owners read this review, but then again I'm sure they don't care. They for some reason have a cult following..
Came cross Three Monkeys cafe while on Yelp looking for something new. Scroll thru the menu on Yelp is definitely a plus, thx yelpers. Three Monkeys Cafe is located across from Reginal rail R7/Trenton Line Torresdale Station. There are plenty of parking(street parking or $2 paid parking) so don't worry about that. 

When we arrived, there was a wait of 20 minutes, we waited. Once we were seated, our waitress Laura took our drinks immediately. Since this is our first time, I ask Laura for suggestions on their sweet alcoholic beverages. She suggest Monkey Tea Monkey Do and Chocolate Martini. MTMD tastes so freaking delicious that we had order a second:). We order Bang Bang Shrimp as our appetizer. It comes in 2 per order, so me and hubby shared that. Perfectly fried and seasoned very well. 

As for entrees, we ordered Baja shrimp wrap, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Poseidon's Pot Pie, and Seared Scallops. Hubby's favorite was the Baja shrimp wrap and Lobster Mac. While my favorite was Poseidon's pot pie and Seared Scallops. Especially the Seared Scallops, whatever they put in the entree, it was really good, I clean that whole plate lol. Hubby clear his baja wrap too. We order a bit too much food, so we got he rest to-go. It didn't stop us from getting dessert th, we order Monkeys Bread. Bottom is cinnamon roll top with ice cream, whipped cream, syrup, and walnuts. We ate the top but couldn't eat the bottom bread, it was too sweet for both of us.
I ordered off of uber eats. It came in a sealed bag for safety. Everything was cooked to Perfection and perfectly warm at the hand off. 
 For starters i had potato and cheese pierogies. They were perfectly cooked they were not soggy at all. They came with sour cream and they were topped with green onion and bacon. 

I also ordered the salmon meal off the chef's specialties. Again the salmon was perfectly cooked fluffy rice and asparagus.

If I lived in the area this would be probably one of my favorite places to go to.
I have been to Three Monkeys three times to to get a grip on what I should write on my review because I REALLYYY want to love it, but I think I just like it instead - like 2.5 stars. Coming here from Bucks county and not having to drive all the way downtown for a cute brunch place is a huge win so I really wanted this to be my spot. The first thing that gets me about 3 monkeys is the great outside area, really fun bar and decor makes you feel like you are somewhere that a live band is about to play! Oddly enough if you go into their inside area, it is completely the opposite, very dark and traditional looking - I honestly have never eaten inside because it feels like winter all year round.

As for food, there is not a single item that stands out as amazing sadly. I've had decent meals here like the Caprese Burger, but you can get a burger with roasted peppers almost anywhere and for the $15 price tag, I wish it came with additional side options versus their very bland chips. I've also had their wake and bake wings which I was NOT a fan of at all, more on the slimy side and not the flavor punch I hoped it packed. I've also had the crab-edict, a crab cake with eggs benedict, and I did not like the crab cake very much either. The seasoning was very bland, thank god for the homefries. 

I would recommend coming here for a drink in their outside bar and enjoying the ambiance during good weather, but not much of a fan of their food. Also the menu selection is pretty limited for brunch if you are looking for something more creative than I wouldn't suggest it at all. Lastly, be prepared for a wait on the weekends, they take a really long time to clean up tables, because it is usually not even that packed, I guess just understaffed.
I learned that they fixed the wireless internet access through one of the servers there. Which means I can have my pints / food and log on to work with my laptop (if necessary).

There are some beers on tap that are a "fixture" and are usually the same for the most part, but occasionally they may be replaced by a "seasonal" beer.

The menu has also changed, some items (cuban sandwich, mussels) are no longer available and cost increase to some items (most appear to remain the same). The mussels (in black bean sauce?) is occasionally offered as a special.

I have had the steamed clams and french dip recently. The steamed clams (in fresh basil & garlic butter sauce) is one of my favorite appetizers here. The beef on the french dip was good, but serving it on a croissant made a soggy mess (as Zanna pointed out). If an item comes with homemade chips, I usually substitute with fries. Overall, the food is good. The wasabi crabcakes (from my previous review) remains my favorite.

My friend ordered a caesar salad with shrimp, but the kitchen "forgot" the shrimp. The server did enter the order in correctly. The salad was taken off the check.

The service here is very good. The staff is friendly as always even when the establishment is very busy.

On the nights that I am too tired and don't want to cook, I may pick up dinner from Three Monkeys after getting off the SEPTA R7.

The "patio" is opened during the summer months, usually very popular if the weather is nice. A minimal of 8 is required if you want to make reservations for outside seating at the "patio".
First time there today & I absolutely loved it! Cant wait to go back. 

The weather was perfect we sat outside & had lunch & drinks. Perfect day! 
Food was delicious!
Updated Review;

So we haven't been here in quite some time. We arrived today for lunch for a quick bite. It was a gorgeous day so the patio was on a wait, we elected to sit inside. The hostess was well, odd. She was texting on her phone when we walked in and we were just standing there.

Upon being sat we were greeted by our server. She was very nice and attentive. My wife went with the buffalo chicken wrap and I went with the cblt wrap with French onion soup. My daughter who is 5 went with the chicken and cheese quesadilla. They charge us $14.00 for a kids quesadilla, that's ridiculous. It cost more than our wraps. Both wrap were good but lacked chicken. There was hardly any in there mostly greens. The fries stink! They are frozen and battered. The French onion was good but not worth a trip back.

We were hoping after not being there a while the food would be better. We were wrong. The food at dog and bill is so good, why can't they duplicate that here. 1 star
I must say six months ago I thought very highly of this place. My bf was crazy about their burgers but my last two trips have been with friends and besides the service being terrible, the numerous apps we ordered the were cold and tasted like they came from the freezer. It will be a great deal of time before I can even think about trying again.
I came here one night with my boyfriend because a friend recommended it to me. Being from South Philly, driving to the Northeast for dinner isn't something I do often, but wow am I glad I did! 

Even though we couldn't sit outside because it was pouring, our waitress Taylor made our dinner great. She was attentive and really knew the menu. My boyfriend is kind of a beer snob and she really the beer, which is a bonus with him. 

Overall, for not being able to sit outside, the food was great but our service was even better. I will definitely be taking the trip here again soon!
Great breakfast spot after working night shift. The breakfast food is good plus decent crowd for the morning. The monkey bread is a great morning favorite. The place opens early so it's convenient. Also, I like going to dinner here for drinks and nice classic American food. I love the burgers and fries here but also enjoy trying their specials too. Recently had the duck tacos which were great!
I really want to love this place, but I just don't. Food is just okay, it's insanely over priced, and I don't think I have ever had a decently nice waitress. Literally every server I have ever had has been miserable or rude. I've gotten a few things from here on separate occasions. The turkey burger wrap, the apple walnut salad, and the cheesesteak eggrolls. All which were just blah. The turkey burger made me feel really sick after. The apple walnut salad was covered in dressing and made it almost soup like. The eggrolls were nothing to rave about either. The location of this place is super convenient to where I live so I really do want to like this place, but it just does nothing for me. 

Also there has been a time where I was rudely carded before I even made it out to the outside area. I'm assuming he was a manager. He proceeded to stop and then laugh and say "Yeah, I'm gonna need to see your ID before you do anything" I showed him my ID, he gave it back without saying a word. I sat down my waitress carded me again.. which was fine. As she comes over with our drinks I see the manager approaching our table. In a cocky attitude he states that he wants to see my ID again because he feels I am "pulling a fast one on him" again, he hands me back my ID and says "Ok.. for now." It was so rude and made me so uncomfortable. I was twenty-four at the time. I'm all for you doing your job, but thats pretty excessive. 

All in all, the outside area really is nice and well kept. Especially at night around the bar area, but to me thats really the only thing that holds this place together.
Driving through Philly to get back to NJ, I came across this place on Yelp. The name is what got me. The pictures had a cute outdoors area and fun decorate inside. It was only the two of us, so no wait. The building looks to be a house that was turned into a restaurant. From the looks of the area, you didn't have many options because this was located in a residential area. For a Sunday morning, this place was pretty busy. When you walk in, there is a pretty good size bar. We were seated in another room and waited a bit for a waiter. The menu is pretty small but the options were out of the box. It's nice not seeing the same old food items for breakfast. We both decided on small plates to share. Sliders and egg rolls. Both pretty good but we favored the eggs rolls. We ended up not finishing because it was a bit heavy.  But over all, this place was adorable with all the monkey decorations and food was pretty good.
Ok place to hang outside at the bar for drinks but not eat inside. I got a pan seared pork over spaghetti which was ok and my husband got the turkey burger sliders on a biscuit which was horrible tasting which he returned. Both were on the special that night so I'm not sure wether it's a safer bet there just to order off the basic menu. Our waitress was very nice though and the manager did want to know what was wrong and we said taste it you'll see. They did take it off the bill. Oh and I ordered a miller lite draft it was served in an unfrosted mug and was completely flat.
The last time I was here was about 7-8 years ago for a girls' night out.  We downed plenty of drinks so I can't say I really remember much about the place, lol. I recently came across Three Monkeys on Groupon and wanted to try it out again for some eats. We bought the Groupon over a month ago and were kind of slow to redeem it because its a little far from us. Woke up on a Sunday morning and wanted some breakfast/Brunch so off we went!  Brunch is served from 7am-2pm on Saturday and Sunday.

We liked the décor. Dark, train stop looking kind of place with monkeys hanging around. Has three separate sections for seating. There's a quaint looking dining room, a bar with pub seats lining it, an outside patio and another small section of regular tables and chairs.  We have a habit of reading menus before getting to a restaurant but never decide on anything , smh lol.  

Luis ordered the Farm Plate-10 oz burger(no bun), 2 eggs, home fries and a spicy mayo. He ordered an extra egg ($1 upcharge) . I was undecided between the Rise n Shine breakfast plate and the Strawberry Pancakes. The pancakes were $12 and didn't include anything else (the sides weren't too expensive, but at $12 for pancakes I would have wanted eggs or a meat included). I finally decided on the Rise n Shine. This was an awesome breakfast for me! 

My sandwich was made on a croissant, egg whites, turkey bacon, avocado, red onion and spring greens along with home fries. Both of our plates were supposed to come with spicy mayo but we didn't realize it until we'd cleaned our plates:(

I am NOT a breakfast fan , probably because my dear Mother made us eat it every single day as children. I eat breakfast about 2-3 times a year. So this really means something when I say that I absolutely enjoyed my meal here.  I saw a plate of those Strawberry Pancakes go by to someone else's plate and decided that I'll be getting those the next time! Be back soon Three Monkeys!!
Three monkeys will always have a special place in my heart. I came here on a first date for dinner a while back and just recently came again for brunch with a friend. One of the things I love about this place is how versatile they are. For example, this is a perfect first date dinner spot and also a perfect brunch with your old friend spot. 

Parking is a bit of a problem but that really is a testament to how popular this place is. Everything is also a bit overpriced.

If you are in the area, and don't mind the parking or the price, I guarantee you wont be upset about stopping in. And get their monkey bread.
I actually liked this place more before I got seated. It's a really cute atmosphere and I was expecting something spectacular, but it fell short of a four-star rating. 

The atmosphere is super cute -- I was there for brunch with the bridesmaids from my sister's bridal party and we were excited for a good breakfast. We were seated outside in their courtyard -- if you're going for brunch, it seems like the place to be. I walked into the building at one point and it was very much what you'd expect out of a pub -- clean, but dark and with that ever-present spilled beer smell. Totally fine (and I could actually see it being a super cozy place to brunch in the winter), but not as nice a feel as the outside area. They even had a little low-key jazz band playing during the brunch/lunch hour. They were great and it was a really nice addition to the day.

I would say our biggest gripes were the service and the menu. Our waitress was hard to get in touch with and while she showed us the cocktail menu, it didn't include any of the traditional brunch drinks (Blood Mary, mimosa) and I felt as if she should have verbally offered them as an option given the time of day. One of the ladies at our table ordered a Miller Lite draft and the server immediately said, "We have bottles, but that's NEVER on draft." Okay, excuse us! It was needlessly attitudinal. I did end up ordering a Bloody Mary, but it was weak and plain as all get out. It also didn't end up at our table for quite a long time after we ordered our drinks. We also waited a long time for our food, for our check, and for the server to take our cash away once we were ready to leave. The service was just all-around unimpressive on this visit.

Several of us had checked out the menu online ahead of time and it seemed extensive. Unfortunately, when we arrived, the options were limited. Probably only about a dozen breakfast-type items alongside another dozen lunch items. I really enjoyed my eggs Benedict with a crab cake, but my sister was less than thrilled with the chicken wrap she ordered -- it was very plain tasting chicken with very little seasoning, so the toppings just didn't add the flavor needed to make it great. With that said, I think most of the other girls at our table were satisfied with their entrees. 

Overall, it wasn't a spectacular first experience, but this place had so much going for it charm-wise that I really want to go back again. I'm hoping our service experience was an anomaly and I think it's worth a try overall.
Could not believe what happened to the table next to us.

We were a party of four and were sitting next to another party of four.  They were sitting there the whole time we were and probably sat a few minutes before us as they only had their drink order when we sat down.  At some point after they finished their meal I overheard a gentleman ask them to vacate their table because he had a reservation for that table for a "rather large handicapped man" who had booked "that" table.  The fact that he ask them to leave in the first place struck me as odd because the one woman was not even finished her drink.  What really knocked me over was the comment about the incoming fellow and being a rather large handicapped man.  Up until that point we were enjoying our meal and experience but if that is how they treat people and talk about them behind their backs out in the open I am not certain it is a place I want to return to.
Me & My Boyfriend went for a late lunch around 4ish. It's a Monday, so most ppl who work in the restaurant business know many places are gonna be dead. & I was right. We walked right in and got seated outside immediately. I gotta say, this place is adorable. The patio decor really makes it fun and enjoyable to sit outside. We browsed through the menu and we had such a hard time deciding ! We wanted everything ! But once we decided on our appetizers we were ready to order drinks & get our lunch started. My boyfriend noticed there were a few servers standing by the outside bar talking and that no one had come over to greet us yet .. That was pretty disappointing but I tend to sympathize because I'm a server myself. After about 5 more minutes, we were still sitting waiting to be greeted. Once our server realized she got sat she came over. NOW WE ARE ROLLING ! I must say, I know it's a Monday & every server hates Mondays but our server was just miserable. She was literally just an order taker, Never really checked on us & would walk away as we are talking to her still. We even had to ask another server to refill our waters! But despite the poor service, THE FOOD was GREAT ! We started with the Fried Potstickers and NE Philly Eggrolls followed by the Kobe BBQ burger and the Grilled Teriyaki Wings and of course we couldn't leave with out the Infamous Monkey Bread ! *drools* It was our first time here and we will be back because of the food mainly. Hopefully there will be much better service next time ..
Three Monkeys is so hit or miss for me.

I've come here several times for lunch and had an awesome experience. The food was perfect and service was excellent. The last few times, not so much.

I've noticed that service at the bar is about 100 times better than service at the tables. The last few times I sat at a table I felt very ignored by our server, waiting far too long for silly things like extra napkins or ketchup. 

Even the food is inconsistent. For example, usually 3M has really excellent burgers that are usually cooked perfectly, but the last time I was here my husband's burger was way overcooked and very sloppily put together. Also, the roast pork sandwich that I've had on several occasions has been very dry and underseasoned the last few times I've had it.

I can say that the grilled cedar plank wings are consistently awesome. I always get an order of those when I go. The rest of the food, however, seems to have gone downhill over the last year or two. Hopefully they can reconnect with the quality of food they used to put out and get back to the Three Monkeys I know and love.
Went here to meet friends as it is relatively close to all of us and, it being here for a while, I've never been there, so it was nice to check it out. Boy did I make a mistake.
We had a rather large party for a Friday night, 8 people, but a server said she could seat us. She sat us at a 6 top, with 6 chairs and told us we could grab other chairs if we saw them, so we did just that. We ordered drinks, which our server (not trying to be mean, but she was THAT BAD) took in waves, because apparently taking 8 drink orders at once was too lage a feat. We received our drinks about 20 minutes later, our beers were cold and cocktails properly mixed, so there's a plus.
The beer list was better than an Applebee's, not quite underwhelming, and not overwhelming. They had a few choice beers on tap and by bottle.
The food was okay. Tasty basic bar food but somewhat bland and unoriginal. It seems they attempt to make something good but to keep prices down they use cheap ingredients, resulting in a shoddy product. I could tell my fries were once in a freezer, accompanied by our french fries, tortilla wrap, and crab cake. 
The prices were on the mark for what the establishment was trying to be, no complaints here.
After eating my friends and I decide to venture out to their patio/tent as we were getting tired of the service and wanted to stand. The patio smelled like vomit. We ordered drinks waitiing for it to pass. The bartender was a guy who seemed to have been a big shot in his high school days and thought being a bartender at a mediocre establishment would restore some of that feeling. He seemed like he was doing me a favor by me paying him for services rendered. After a tasty Dogfish Head I noticed they had Summer Ale on tap, which I always enjoy but upon tasting it noticed it tasted like Sam Adams Summer Ale and some other beer; they don't clean their lines properly, or else a beer that's just rolling out now is already turning.
I give this place 2 stars instead of one because the decor was entertaining, the place seemed clean (besides that smell), and it's in a decent location, though I won't be returning any time soon.
What a cute, quirky little restaurant. They have great old copper ceilings and chandeliers. The walls are filled with old paintings in opulent frames. The food was ok. The Calamari wasn't my favorite and I was dissapointed because a friend had highly recommended it. It was fried very crispy  and then drowned in a sauce which made it very soggy. It was almost like a soup. I had a hamburger for dinner which was great. But what was perplexing to me was that you had to pay extra money to have lettuce, tomato and onion on it. These are usually standard items that come on a hamburger!  My friend had the Filet Mignon with mashed potatoes. It was cooked well and was quite delicious. All in all a good time was had by all. I would return.
Overpriced menu and food there sucks.  I guess if u are drunk u dont care but if u are there not for drinks - don't even bother.  Waste of money.  The only nice thing is convenient location.
how can you screw up fried food???? they know how, i give every place the beneifit of the doubt  at least 3 times, they failed  all 3 times ,,,,  i love the ambiance , BUT i come to eat not to look around ,
My wife and I stopped in for dessert and a couple of Mexican coffees after a show in town. The waitress never heard of a Mexican coffee.  Apparently the bartender hadn't either. We had to ask if the coffees had liquor in them. $15 for two small coffees with no liquor is a bit steep.

The dessert was better. It was mediocre.
I always love coming here. The crowd is always nice and the food is always good. When I was here today it just seemed like they were having an off day. I asked for an ipa and I was brought a pale ale. The pot stickers were stone cold and it seemed like they were allowing people to drink a little too much at 4pm.

I will give them another try because I don't usually experience this here. I just hope it's better next time
I've been coming here for years and have slowly watched the service and food decline. Today was the icing on the cake. Went to go eat around 3pm (not a crowded time for this restaurant), we ordered appetizers and watched as the other tables received their food. We asked our waitress what was going on and she said she would check with the kitchen. At least 15 minutes later our entrees arrive, without any mention of our missing appetizers. The waitress was extremely apologetic (I'm not blaming her at all), this was blatantly the kitchen's fault. As I ate my wimpy flavorless salad, I saw another table receive their appetizer and literally 2 minutes later their entrees came out - so definitely a kitchen problem. I'm glad I've finally used up all of my gift cards, because I won't be back.
I stopped in here for brunch this past Saturday.

Pros: Lively atmosphere and a nice outdoor area which would be great on a summer night.  The menu items sound really good and makes it difficult to choose from. 

I love the vintage decor it makes you feel like you stepped back in time.  

Service was good.  My party of two was seated as soon as we walked in.  The waiter was attentive and friendly.

Cons: Food was meh.  They have interesting selection, but everything is a tad overpriced for the quality.  I ordered the green eggs and ham which is basically an omelet stuffed with .  The avocado wasn't ripe enough and was hard.  The omelet itself was over cooked and a bit rubbery.  The potatoes were also very over cooked as well.  

I would visit again to give them a second chance.  To be continued...
A great local bar with above average food.  The Mighty Joe Young (MJY) burger will fill even the greatest hunger, but don't worry you can get it with a salad instead of fries if you want to stay healthy.  There is also a great variety of other food options and daily specials worth checking out.  The outdoor seating is great for spring and fall days.

If you're like me, every now and then you need to take your lunch break outside - Three Monkeys Cafe fits the bill perfectly!  Parking can be a bit annoying, but there always is the SEPTA lot across the street ($1/day).
This is a great place to grab weekday breakfast as well as other meals,  but the big draw is breakfsst because bar is open at 7 in the morning.   Very friendly service as well.   Their beer selection of drafts as well as bottles is sure to please the most discerning of palates. 

Check out their specials as well,  you won't be disappointed.   Also,  the mighty joe young makes the heart attack almost worth it.
Took my aunt and uncle for lunch during the week.  wanted someplace that would be more of "an experience" and this sounded great.  The menu was really good and a lot to choose from.  Had the Kobe burger - done perfectly.  Aunt and Uncle had Chicken salad sliders.  Perfect size for lunch.  Service was great and the waitress on point.  Only thing that IS bad, if you go during the week - the parking is all Torresdale train commuters and there is ZERO parking close to the restaurant.  All lots were full and what street parking there was was taken.  Plan on parking a couple of blocks away
Great service. Great food. We were a party of 10 and everything came out perfect. Drinks kept coming. 
Would definately come back.
So glad I found this place.
Their chicken quesadilla is my favorite thing on the menu. It's always fresh. It's perfect for lunch because it doesn't leave you feeling overly full.
It has a strong sports bar type of feel whenever a home team is playing, so if you're not into that, just skip it on nights when there's games playing.
I've been here many times and have always enjoyed it! Three Monkeys is my go to place in the northeast because I know I can get good food,  local beer and also bring the kiddos! All super important in my book.
I will NEVER go back to this restaurant.  There are some pros, however; cons greatly outweigh them.  Too many other good restaurants in the area to suffer through this place.
Rolls and Fries are the two PROS.
Main issue was the GM and wait staff.  VERY rude!! 
Ordered a cocktail which tasted bitter and sour (not a good sour like a lime drink) but rancid.  I politely mentioned to my waitress that the drink tasted funny and ordered another cocktail.  This is when the problem began.  She reacted somewhat rudely.  Eventually she brought my other drink and we finished our meal.  When the bill came, we were charged for the rancid cocktail...my husband questioned the waitress politely and again she was extremely standoffish!  Finally GM made his way to the table to explain to us that "they have a policy in which drinks more that 10 dollars must be paid for unless they are made wrong"  Sorry! Three Monkey's never heard of this type of policy?!?!  Honestly, wasn't trying to rip the bar off or get anything discounted.  I don't think my request to not pay for a rancid drink should have been met with such hostility.  The GM begrudgingly agree to take the drink off the check, at which point I mentioned the way the waitress had acted.  HE COULDN'T HAVE CARED LESS, told me that he could "see why" the waitress acted that way.  Basically, acknowledged the waitress was rude and that he too condoned it. Clearly, this place does not care to make certain guests are treated well.
Really enjoyed the food and ambiance despite social distancing restrictions! Had a lovely dinner
Service was terrible! We arrived at 1148am on sunday for brunch. The hostess let us know that there was a 45min wait. No problem she put us on the waitlist and I received a confirmation text and she said that they would text me when the seat was ready. Me and my 2 friends were sitting outside waiting. After sitting for over 45 mins I noticed that 3 other parties walked right up and  were sat right away. So I go in and ask her what's going on and she tells me oh your next to go back they're cleaning tables. Ok no problem. I go outside tell my friends to come in and as I walk in she seats another group of people before us. So now I'm standing in front of the desk and I'm not moving till she seats me. Another 5 mins go by were finally seated. Since we were already waiting for so long we knew what we wanted and put our order as soon as the waiter came over so this is around 1245. We got our drinks and waited. Waited.. waited... it's now 1:25pm. Waiter never came over to refill our drinks. No appetizer brought out. Waiter didnt even stop over to give us an update. 135 I find him and tell him to box our stuff to go cause now its raining [we were seated outside] and we've been waiting almost an hour for 2 burgers and wings. He says ok itll be out in a couple mins. Waiting...waiting...waiting... 1:50 finally! They bring out our food boxed up and ready to go. I understand that its busy but they should be able to handle a busy day no problem since they've been in business for years. I'll go to grey lodge pub for brunch from now on.
Got Chicken Parm Sandwhich, Station Burger and Monkey Bread Dessert for takeout. The Chicken in my parm was old and chewy to the point that I thought it was undercooked. I microwaved the Sandwhich and still was chewy. Had to throw it out! My gf had the Station Burger and it was undercooked. Last but not least, The Monkey Bread Dessert was hard, and stale. Overall did not like my experience and will not return. I usually don't write reviews nor am I a picky eater. Just needed to share my experience. Super Disappointing!
Horrible, horrible place. Never had such bad service in my life! Came here with friends for Sunday brunch. Took 10 mins to be asked what to drink, 20 mins to order our food. 40 mins total for our food to come out which wasn't anything to brag about. Our waitress never checked on us or asked if we needed anything. We had to ask other servers for condiments, refills and our bill. Unexceptional. Our table just didnt matter. I looked around and noticed everyone else was being served at a normal rate, being checked on etc. After leaving our waitress said thank you, but never any apologies for the slow horrible service. My husband said as he looked back he heard her say "stupid chinks". Well if that's the case this place will never see my business again and that just explains why we were waited on so poorly. Poor food poor service, do not come. Customer service doesnt matter here obviously and the managers do not care. Oh and parking sucks!
Great atmosphere! The outdoor patio is as cool as it gets. Kids loved it as well. Food was above average.
I think of this place as a good neighborhood bar. 

Usually come here on a day when I don't feel like driving in the  city. It's a proper bar with a good crowd almost all the time. 

Only thing I would change is the outside/covered area, not the bars fault but some serious BO.
After reading the review by Kelly S., tonight was the first time I went to Three Monkeys Cafe. Okay, I am so accustomed to seating myself at the bar and walking right past the hostess (I think I owe the hostess an apology).

Tonight was also Monday night (the weather was crappy though), they had what Kelly S. called 3M Monday. It seems that chocolate martini was very popular to be ordered by those seated at the bar.

The first thing I was happy to see was they had Stella Artois draft. They have your usual assortment of beer on tap (Guinness, Yuengling, Miller Lite, Peroni), probably as well as bottled (Miller Lite, Budweiser, Heineken Light, Corona Light, etc..). They also had Blue Moon (a Belgium beer) on tap. There was also something called HoeGaarden on tap, absolutely no idea what that is. I might have missed one or two, but the one that caught my curiosity was "Horny Monkey Ale", it was a dark ale. If you are a fan of ale, my suggestion is to give "Horny Monkey Ale" a try. I thought the "Horny Monkey Ale" was smooth.

Prior to tonight, I did visit the website. Tonight I tried the wasabi crab cake. It was definitely crab cake with a twist (it was crab meat with wasabi on the inside, the outside was deep fried). An order of wasabi crab cake came with 2 pieces. Nonetheless, it was delicious.

Tonight I sat at the bar, I had a couple of pints of Stella. I thought the bartender (Erin) was friendly and outgoing with her customers.

I thought the crowd was friendly too.

They do have live acoustic music on Saturday and Sunday (from 2pm thru 6pm) from reading one of the smaller blackboards hanging near the end of the bar. I would love to be here on a nice weekend.

I will definitely be back here. As already mentioned "This place really is a hidden gem in the far Northeast". It's directly across the street from the SEPTA R7 Torresdale station. The nearby SEPTA bus routes are 19 and 84. There is parking across the street at the PPA (Philadelphia Parking Authority) lot.

About the decor, you are surrounded by monkeys! Not to worry, they are not live monkeys. There is one monkey "statue" with a grin that is in a corner holding a blackboard version of notepad with menu.
http://3monkeyscafe.com/images/photos/contruction/IMG_0045.jpg

Overall, I would give this place a 4 stars to 4.5 stars. It's very difficult for me to give any place a 5 stars.

Many thanks to fellow yelper Kelly S. :-)

Update: August 23, 2007, I was happy with the staff behind the bar (Jackie, Joe), all nice people. I'm glad I had the opportunity to apologize to the hostess from Monday evening. Tonight there were "reps" from Samuel Adams, they presented Sample A and Sample B. If my memory is correct, Sample A was red and smell better. Sample B was darker and went down smoother. I voted for "Sample B" tonight.
first time for three of us within a party of 7.
quirky cool interior,  a plus.
long long long wait for food on a moderately busy wed ( last night!) night.
and decent food yes, some very pretty in presentation , some not so , but pricey for quality and proportion.
we as a group are always looking for a welcome spot for food / drinks / atmosphere but not so much here.the server nice enough kid but key word " kid".
unfriendly staff of young kids.
no thanks
The burger tasted as if it was from a frozen patty.  The kid's menu chicken tenders and fries platter was terrible.  The chicken was the size of a finger and both the chicken and fries were over cooked.  The french fries were also very thin and dried out from over cooking.
After all the nice reviews I've had about this place from friends we decided to drive the 30 minutes and check it out for they're Sunday "Brunch."  well, we arrived around 11:50, and having read that brunch goes until 3pm, didn't think much of it.  We were seated and then waited over 10 minutes to have a waitress come over and tell us she'd be just a few minutes.  So, around 12:10 she asks us what we'd like to drink, and we ask about the brunch menu.  She points at the wall and says that its, which consisted of they're regular menu plus 6 items on a chalk board, one of which was pancakes, the only breakfast item to be found.  We were then informed that breakfast stops at 12pm?!? isn't that what Brunch is?  Breakfast + Lunch = Brunch.  how can it be brunch if 99% of the items are lunch items.  So anyway, we order some coffee and I settle on a Mighty Joe Young burger (clearly copyright infringement) which is a burger with pork roll and bacon on it for $13.  Medium rare.  Coffee comes out and the entire top of my cup is covered in lipstick, so we ask for a new one.  The waitress gave us attitude, took the cup away and came back 7 minutes later with the same cup filled higher.  Food came out, my M-R burger was a hockey puck well done with a cold piece of cheese on top and a piece of almost raw pork roll on top half the size of the burger. Item Description "Thick sliced Taylor pork roll invades our Angus
burger. An addictive combination smothered in cheese."  I think not.  anyway, last time we go to this place.  Decor was nice, everything else was not.
In NE Philly, this place is pretty much the best of the best!

For starters the decor- its very comfy.  Kinda pub-style, but with a more modern twist.  You can sit outside if you want, or settle into one of the many rooms.

The service is up next- these guys are attentive, and really really nice!  Lots of great recommendations coming from the staffers who obviously enjoy this place a lot.  When the staff eats the food a lot, that is a great sign.  

The beer list is vast and diverse; a united nations of beer if you will.  Stouts, ales, wheat beers, ciders, IPA's, lagers, lambics and saisons.  Domestic and imported, light and extra extra boozy are all available for consumption.  I challenge you to NOT find something that you like.  It'd be a challenge.

Finally, the food.  So long as you stay away from the dreaded 'wrap' category, you'll be fine.  The food again has a range.  Healthy to fatty, classy to low-brow and everything in-between.  Being the classy lady I am, I started off with jack bites which was a square take on mozzarella sticks- which i split with a friend.  They were FABULOUS!  It's hard NOT to rave about fried cheese... but it surpassed the average.  The cheese remained firmly within the confines of the crust.  The temperature was steady- not scald your mouth on-fire.  Upon taking a bite, the cheese stayed put.  It was stringy, but not excessive.  Really- perfection.

For my entree, I had a veggie burger prepared in a style called 'the monkey mob' which included sharp provolone, long hots, and roasted red peppers.  It came with a chunk of a deli-style pickle, and fresh chips that were as good if not better than french fries.  There was no down-side to this dish except stomach space.  I stopped eating the bun because i needed to reserve space for chips and the veggie burger (which seemed home made- with fresh veggies in it rather than faux-meat squished together).  The toppings were awesome, and i was pleased to see that the long hots got some heat going!  

All in all- this place was slightly pricier than what I'm used to in NePhi, but it was so worth it.  I'd come back here over most of the places up that way anytime.  It was such a treat to have such an enjoyable meal!
I had been by Three Monkeys for dinner twice before and wasn't impressed, but decided to give them a shot for brunch today anyway. They have a really great patio that's hard to say no to on a beautiful day. I'm glad I gave them another chance because our meal was really excellent - we shared the Monte Cristo & Lumberjack Omelet (stuffed with tons of veggies & creamed chipped beef omg) and I would not change a thing about either. Good coffee and swift service too.

We left very full and very happy. I will definitely be back for breakfast in the courtyard as long as the weather holds out.
This place is great but the service is frustrating. The waitress walked away before I could finish ordering my drink and then was pissed when she got it wrong. I wish the service was in line with everything else about this place.
I was so happy to stumble upon this conveniently located cafe. Located near the train station this restaurant serves as a great place to meet friends and catch up. 

Serving American cuisine and craft beers you really can't go wrong.  Offering both outside and inside seating makes this a diverse location. 

Remember to save room for the monkey bread!! Served warm this cinnamon pull apart is the cherry on top!
Bad experience all around . Mediocre food - that took forever - along with terrible service with an attitude. Not worth a return visit.
Best place to go in Northeast Philly.  Mahi mahi burger was delicious.  Service was good & drinks were even better!
I have only been here a few times, parking can get a bit hard the later you go. 
I love that they have outside seating & it's decorated really cool. There's also a side bar and then there's a main bar/ restaurant. 
They offer brunch during the weekend. The food is a bit on the pricey side, but I never had a bad meal the few times I have been here. This time I ordered the turkey salad Waldorf wrap. It was delicious and served with their truffle fries. 
The servers and bartenders are always friendly and willing to accommodate your requests with a smile. 
It's definitely worth going there once even if it's just for drinks.
This place is great! My boyfriend and I always enjoy ourselves there. I've never had a bad dish, the new crab avocado dish is delicious. My boyfriend loves the Horny Monkey beer on tap. The patio is always a nice place to sit on a beautiful summer evening. We will be back!
First time here, had the Cuban sandwich with the truffle fries... Soooo good! Will definitely be back!
What a fun spot! I've lived nearby for over a month now and hadn't given it a try, and I'm so happy I did! My initial excitement came from the ambiance of the place, with a cute and spacious outdoor bar section and a cozy vibe inside. Then, the menu! There were a great variety of options that I wanted to try, and I went with the buffalo cauliflower burger. SO good! We also had the primate pretzel as an appetizer and the gouda dip it came with was a family favorite. Really impressed with all of the vegetarian options available, too.
Came here for a quick lunch that took longer than it should have. 

Place seems very nice and looks like an awesome place to have a quick after work get together.

1) Place was cleaned and welcoming. Lots of art on the walls. Very nice!

2) Waitress was somewhat attentive. She seems busy and a bit overwhelmed. She took our order and it took for ever.

3) Ordered the Cowboy Burger: it took about 20-25min to come. It was delicious but why did it take so long. When orders was placed the place was not too busy but then became busy.
Mahi Mahi tacos were mostly lettuce and tomatoes... too much salad in a two small soft tacos.

Overall I would return again. I would have to burger but not the tacos. I recommend you give them a try.
Love this place, their patio is awesome. I try to come atleast once a week (usually for drinks). When we come for food I really like the crab-o-cado dip and the ahi tuna tacos.  Most if the time they have really good blackboard specials so we pick something from there too.
So excited for quinoa burgers. Tasty though they fell apart. We make them at home a lot- maybe try adding more breadcrumbs?

Sweet potato fries were awesome. Cinnamon? Cardamom?

Our waitress was so angry at us though. Why!? Some of us even ordered alcohol :(

It made my husband not even enjoy his food. Amazing how much of a difference the server can make.

Noisy. 

Quaint.

Great bathroom decor and artwork.
I have been coming here for years as well as my family and friends.  I have never been treated so bad in my life as I was treated tonight.  The waitress was very unprofessional and rude from the time we sat down. I work in a place of business and would NEVER treat anyone the way she treated us! It was my friends Birthday so the waiter brought over dessert to her. We had said we did not order this. He walked away. She thought it was a surprise.  Well, the waitress came over and said why would you start eating something you didn't order? (in a very angry voice) We said that we thought it was sent as a Birthday gift because we told the guy we didn't order it but he laughed and walked away.  So when the waitress came to give us our bill we said we shouldn't be charged for their mistake. She blurted out (and I mean BLURTED OUT SCREAMING) "WELL YOU ATE IT! YOU ARE GETTING CHARGED!" I couldn't believe what I had heard. It was a very upsetting and disappointing experience I had ever had. I will NEVER go back there again because of this unprofessional girl that could have just apologized for the little  mistake that happened.
Amazing, eclectic restaurant complete with fairy lights, a magical garden and extraordinary ambience. Had drinks at the back bar, which looks like an indoor cave, it's so different and draws in a nice crowd. I imagine that during the summer it's a really special place. Would be a great first date restaurant. This is one of the most memorable restaurants I have been to! The service was also outstanding!
Ambiance of the outside seating is awesome. Pork spring rolls with horseradish sauce was also excellent. Pretty good beer selection. Wish they had more on tap.
Good food that's not the typical old bar crap, attentive service, nice beer selection, and the decor is warm and trendy.  Not to mention they have an adorable outside area that I'm sure will be a lot of fun in the summer!  I always go there when I want to have an intimate time with a few friends or to do the couples thing.  Don't bother going there if you're single or looking for a crazzzy time b/c you might be dissapointed.  Nevertheless, it's a truly chill spot.
This place is amazing all around. The inside dining and outside dining both are awesome and I had a great experience in both! Servers are always on their toes and refill your drinks without you having to ask. Food is always freshly prepared and their menu alone is fun to read. I get something new every time I go, between the chimps ( homemade chips) wraps, burgers and chicken parmigiana, you can't go wrong! Love this place! Don't forget the monkey bread for desert :)
I love Three Monkeys brunch! It's the perfect start to some day drinking or a great ending for your weekend. Recently they changed their brunch menu and they no longer have the 'blackboard specials' which is pretty disappointing because those were always my favorites. Now it is just a regular brunch menu with a smaller selection of items. On my last visit I had the Chocolate Chipper - one pancake and slice of french toast topped with chocolate chips and bacon syrup. My boyfriend had a burrito with corned beef. We both loved our entrees. The Bloody Mary is great (perfect amount of spice) and they have a nice selection of beers.
I had to kill time before getting to Trenton to pick my car up so stopped beer which is in eyesight of the station and I'm reviewing live on site - so far the bartender, yet busy, quickly put in my drink order(And from the brewery that does lionhead- let me tell you their *cough*real*cough* beers are delicious. The pumpkin's great.) 
They've got both an inside and outside bar and what looks like a lovely patio area. I decided to sit indoors as even the slightest chill bothers me. 
Servers seem friendly but bored. May just be because the bunch Crowd is gone. 

Most important part of course, for the craft beer lovers, draft list is minimal but good enough. They have a specialized house brew by stoudts (a classic, malty ESB) on tap. As well as the basics and a seasonal and a wheatbeer option. The bottle list is huge though! A lot that I've had but enough that I haven't had that I was impressed, which is enough to bookmark the place in my book. 

On to food; i've ordered one of their specials - the miso bowl. Something you wouldn't expect from a tavern but everything else I see people eating looks great so I'm not worried. They must have a fantastic chef in the back to come up with these.  Just saw an order of buffalo chips get passed to a patron, those look delicious. Not to mention the incredible Colorful cocktails I keep seeing poured. 

Patrons that came in after me have already gotten their wings but those are much easier to make than my dish so I'm not bothered. Five minutes later, Just got my cutlery . That's a good sign they haven't forgot! Haven't finished my first beer either and I'm in no rush. I mean, i ordered a MEAL, not pub fare, sitting at the bar. Can't complain. Someone from the kitchen updated me on the status of it, and it shouldn't be much longer. I really appreciate them letting me know. 
And she was right! Came out as I ordered my second beer. (Johnny rails pumpkin --- way better than the other. So roasty and malty. Might need to find a six pack.)
Food is out and it's amazing. I'm not a huge fan of pork but the pork belly in this is so smooth and edible. The broth is definitely thicker then an actual miso but still great. Not authentic but a good Americanized style 


My biggest problem now is there's not another train for an hour! Guess I'll get another drink.
I came here with my girlfriend and another couple and it was good, a little bit pricey they other places that I have been, but all in all I really enjoyed the food. They have a nice selection for those who enjoy beer, and also an extensive wine and martini list. We all started off with the Crab-Ocado dip which was awesome and the Garlic Bread pretzels were the icing on the cake! My girlfriend had the Chef Beth's Signature Lobster Mac & Cheese, she really enjoyed it and even offered me a bite, very creamy and rich, highly recommended if your a mac and cheese fan. I ordered the Sunny in Philadelphia burger which was great! Nice patty, cheese, bacon, and a sunny side up egg! Great burger! I will definitely come back and try some more food and get dessert next time, I really want to try there monkey bread!
I used to love this place.  It was a great place to go have some dinks and dinner, but prices are sky high.  Tonight I purcased the mediterain salad with grilled shrimp and was very disappointed.  The shrimp were not grilled but boiled.  The salad had red peppers and black olives from a can.  For a salad costing $16.99 I expect to get fresh peppers and better olives.  The atmosphere is great but the food is starting to go down hill.
First with the pros: The decor is awesome. You feel like you've wound up in late 19th century Paris, complete with gold trimming and monkey paintings on the walls. They also have a really cute outside bar that's tropical themed, and though different still fits the primate motif. Their food is decent, if over priced at times, but of everythigng I tried I only disliked one thing. (That was the peanut butter pie, in which the chocolate tasted a little off). I should also point out they have a delcious drink there called a Monkey Cola which is banana and chocolate liquor in coke. After the people in my group tried mine they all had to get their own. 

Now the cons: For such a pricey place, the wait staff is a little rude. Sometimes I felt as if we were being intentionally avoided. We had to wander around to get our own silverware. I got this passive agressive vibe from just about all of their staff as well. Also, their selection of beer is not too wide, with only a few craft brew selections. i was a little disappointed in that regard. 

Overall, I'd probably try them again, though only if I'm willing to drop some big bucks for a large dinner. It's a little expensive for a weekly treat.
Had a wonderful time here with friends out on the patio for dinner. We started off with drinks while waiting for a table and they had a great selection of beers and martinis. We ended up having to wait about 45 minutes for a patio table on a Sunday night (but it was a beautiful night) which struck me as a bit long for a NE Philly restaurant, but I guess it's popular.

Foods started with chicken nachos which were ok - too many olives and nobody at our table really liked olives... I got the BBQ Cheddar burger (would have gotten the crab ravioli but they said I only for 5-6 medium sized ravioli and I was Hungry!) Everyone else loved what they got (tuna steak, burgers). We ended the meal with monkey bread which was ok (our homemade was better). What I did really like were their drinks/martinis.

I would definitely come back for a nice summer night's dinner.
Been here about a dozen time now, foods been constantly delish.  Faves are the Reuben, the It's always sunny burger.  They have an interesting brunch menu as well.  Beer is cold, with a decent selection.
Had a semi bad experience but I decided to delete because the owners and managers, and special personnel Gavin took care of the situation. Great communication and response, Thank you very much!
We will be relocating to the northeast Philly/Bucks County area in a few months - long story.  Anyway being a foodie I have been searching for a good breakfast place in my soon to be new neighborhood - this is not the place.  Went for breakfast Saturday morning.  My omelet was overcooked and the filling tasteless.  My husband had the roast pork sandwich - also tasteless.  It also came on a sesame roll, and that might be good to note on the menu as some people have food allergies.  Our waitress seemed to want to be there less than we did and disappeared for prolong periods.   They have a wonderful outside dining area, but unfortunately they have no dining to accompany it.  Maybe a good place for some wings and a beer and being as that is not our thing doubt we will be back.  Think we will definitely be making at least monthly trips to the old hood for breakfast, etc
I love this place, we come here often. The best quality they have is their ambiance, the outdoor seating is the best in the northeast. Full outdoor bar with TVs, and table seating under the twinkle lights and trees. The menu is great and ever changing. A decent selection of craft beers. Last night I came with some friends for some drinks, had a great time, Jackie was our bartender. I would Definitely recommend. We even came here for our wedding rehearsal dinner.
Stopped by here last Saturday at noon after a funeral. They still had a breakfast/brunch menu and we scored big!!!! My breakfast Enchilada's were so big, cheesy, and filled with egg, cheese, bacon sausage scrapple(i think)!!!!! delish!!!
My wife was looney over her French Toast with a Creme layer and topping!!!!

This was a five star experience, but gave them a four, due to other visits being only average.
The food was a little overpriced. I ordered the crab cake avocado, the vegetables were a little burnt. The mash potatoes did not have flavor. The crab fondue was delicious I enjoyed that appetizer.
This place is awful and I cannot believe that people rated it so highly.

The house made beer is an ale which is fair tasting at best. Besides that, the closest thing you can get to a good beer is Blue Moon. I only gave Three Monkeys two stars instead of one because the filet mignon cheesesteak is somewhere between fair and good. The nachos are a bowl of tostitos scoops with skank cheese whiz on top.

If you do feel like venturing here, make sure to not go on a game night, because that's when the townies are partying. Scary.
LOVE IT HERE! I've been here a few times and enjoy the food. They also have a great craft beer list. The food takes awhile to come out, so you definitely rack up a bill getting a few drinks. I've had their wings and burgers and love it. Last time we went here - we got the cheesesteak egg rolls and they were delicious. I opted for the R7 burger with fries and it was delicious. My boyfriend got the Irish Roast Beef Sandwich and it was so good!!! I thought it was going to be messy with the gravy fries within the sandwich but it wasn't. Well made and delicious!
Went here on a Friday night a few months ago.  I'm writing this review now, because I will never forget ignorant bartender we came across.  I know I know, servicing the public is tough, I get it.  However, how can a 50-something year old man get SO angry when I told him the club soda was flat.  Was it my fault?  No.  But I interrupted "guy time" at the bar.  He wanted to enjoy laughing with his two other 50-something work buddies.  Then I asked for a menu.  You'd think I was asking him to do the most unbelievable task. I'm saying, he literally rolled his eyes at me when I so dared wanted to order food at the bar.  You know what we did?  We asked for our drink tab, $0 tip and left.  It's too bad for him and Three Monkeys, I also work with the public.  Bad reviews travel much faster than positive.
Came here with a friend. I ordered a Hoegarden on tap..it was as flat as my friend's ass. 

He ordered a Yuengling..that was warm and flat. A corona would have been better than what he was served. 

What the heck? Only reason they are getting two stars is cause I believe in minimum of 1 star and the cute bouncer gave it another star.
