Let me just say, I am born and raised in the Hunting Park section of Philadelphia. I've walked past,  driven past and even shopped at the Rite Aid across the street.. Yet, I've never stepped foot into this place until recently. 

There are so many good things here,  I can't even type fast enough to get it all down! I arrived with my Date a little before Happy Hour. Our bartender, Sebastian was a sight for sore eyes and even better with the drinks. Jack on the rocks please! Generous pour that I'm sure was a double. Awesome! Huge bar. Spanish music playing that makes you wanna dance all night. This place easily seats 100 people comfortably. 

Onto the food. We ordered chicken and shrimp skewers. Fresh steamed veggies.. Everything was great. Seriously, my first time having authentic Spanish cuisine. Not sure if I want to go somewhere else. There's this cilantro hot sauce they serve with bread... This sauce is crack sauce and needs to be bottled and sold. Yum!!!  Five stars!
Don't let the area scare you off, because If you did you probably missed out on some of the best Latin food around.

Beautiful rich Latin decor with colors mixing and matching makes you feel like you want to run with the bulls. (not sure if Colombians run with the bulls ) Even though this is a Colombian restaurant mixed with Cuban and Dominican cultures, it gives you that fresh feel with the music playing in the back. A wonderful and traditional combinations of cultures under one roof.  These guys are also a club with the second floor being the hot spot. Dancing and more dancing your little feet can handle. My wife loves this , seeing I look like a guy with 2 left feet compared to her, my little Salsa / Bachata queen.

Now lets dive into the food, this delicious, flavor upon flavors dancing around all over your taste buds like kids hitting a piñata.
                           
                               ***  Appetizers from Columbia ***

The appetizers my wife and I shared were Empanadas, which are pastry shells that have a filling to them.  Our choices we went with were (pollo, and cangrejo 2 each )1 of them being chicken (pollo) and a the other being crab (cangrejo). I must say these were fantastic, my wife and I both agreed on the crab filled empanada. For an added bonus I decided to go with a Pastelilo (2 each). This is a different pastry type shell filled with a spicy ground meat. Delicious, I  love all things spicy, my wife couldn't finish it but no worries I had her back. 
                            
                                 ***  Main courses from Cuba ***

Our main course, my wife went with Soup de Pollo, basically a fresh chicken soup. Big bowl of shredded chicken with vegetables, with some noodles added and a broth that smelled heavenly.

 Myself I went with the Montuno. This was a plate filler that included a trio of deliciously prepared items:  
1st~ The pork, to me swine its divine, this roasted pork was nothing but tender. Melted in your mouth, the flavors that was they made this with is indescribable. Simply put was a rush of pure bliss.
2nd~ The Tamale, now every country has their own version of a tamale. This was a little dry being this was a Cuban version on both inside and outside. Still was good though. In my humble opinion I have had almost every Latino version of a Tamale, the best being from Guatemala.
3rd~ Black rice and beans is something I never had before.  Pretty good, I am used to other versions of rice in brown, or a saffron blend. Still made for an interesting yet tasty meal. 
The garnishes of plantains, and a Cassava which is a yucca plant with a dipping tarter really put me over the edge . All were delicious, down to the presentation of it was simply marvelous.
                             
                     *** Dessert from all 3 countries combined ***

The dessert was a Tostada Francesca, wow talk about amazing. Thick homemade french toast with powdered sugar stuffed with a sweet cream cheese. Like this dish couldn't get any better they also added for a bonus fresh berries, and plantains. 

A great cultured environment, with a friendly bilingual staff. Clean , comfortable settings and the best part this and every meal you will not break the bank. I will give props to my wife for suggesting this place, myself I had a whole different idea on a meal.  

Go in there and enjoy , let me know how you made out.
Let me just point out the obvious....this place serves Colombian food AND Cuban food. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but strange if you're not expecting it.  This is the ONLY Colombian/Cuban restuarant in like 100 miles. It's literally the closest Colombian restuarant to Trenton, NJ. Which is a very sad fact bc I'm originally from a land up north where Colombians own a restaurant on every block.

I'm EXTREMELY happy I came here bc their food was scrumptious. I had the Montuno, which had a little bit of everything...and thanks to my awful hangover, I hate every grain of rice.  It was moist roast pork, soft moro perfectly season with garlic and cilantro, yuca and a tamal for those with a hefty hangover. They also serve great drinks and the food arrives to the table quickly.

Best part? That once you're done eating 1,000 calories of fried pork, you can hit the club upstairs and burn it all off! I thought the upstairs club was going to be cheesy and smell of fried onions...boy was I wrong! The place resembles a small Coco bongos and DJ is great. Bottle service is also super cheap at $100 bottles of Grey  goose. I will definitely be returning. 

Oh did I mention that they offer free parking across the street in Rite Aid that is monitored by restaurant security...yea. Bring your dancing shoes.
This was just ughh and I was so waiting for the moment to visit this restaurant.

 I came to Tierra Columbiana for their brunch and they had so many items to chose from. Our waiter was nice, accommodating and attentive to the many questions that were asked.

I ordered the Desayuno con pancakes and I couldn't wait to try their pancakes being as though, I haven't had too much sugar all week. I thought it was gonna be light, fluffy and buttery but nope, it just tasted bland, dry and hopeless. Not even syrup could save them smh! What a waste of calories. The eggs and turkey bacon was okay, I could've made them myself.

 The only star of the show was the pineapple fruit drink, it was so good, please order one of those when dining here and the complimentary bread was spot on! 

Maybe I'll give it another go for their dinner. I'm into second chances!
It seems fitting that this should be my first ever review on Yelp!  I'm a surgery resident in Philadelphia, and in the mornings after a long night on call, my co-residents and I sometimes grab brunch together here before heading home.  

Simply put, this place is the BEST. While you're waiting, they bring out baskets of steaming hot fresh bread with some kind of toasty buttery topping on it. The portions are gigantic, the food is fresh, and the prices (for breakfast at least) are ridiculously cheap. I almost always get the Calentado - rice with beans, top round steak, two fried eggs, corn meal patty, and sweet plantains - all for less than $8! 

If you go, make sure to try some of their ridiculous home made salsa, even if you don't like spicy food. 

FYI - when parking, make sure to park in the lot for the Rite Aid across the street instead of looking for street parking. They have an agreement with the store; just make sure to use the outer spaces.
OMG - This has been one of my favorite Latino establishments for years.  I love that the space is spacious and is able to handle large groups.  I enjoy that the are very consistent with the deliciousness of the food and the prompt service they offer. 

When you look at the menu - there are many choices and this may cause you to become overwhelmed, so have a plan in mind - seafood, poultry or pork - narrow the playing field!  The servers are great - they ready to get you started and will also help you out with suggestions if you require.  When I tell you that I switch it up every time I am there and I have not been disappointed in my choices.  My recommendation is to start with the:  CHICHARRÓN (SOLO) -Fried Pork Rib - Caution - don't fill up on the bread that is offered - you will be tempted because it is the best!  You can't go wrong with the empanadas - but after that there are too many great things on the menu - that I want you to jump in and go with your gut - take a leap of faith - your taste buds will thank you!

Drink recommendation - get the pitcher of Sangria or Mojitios - whatever your drink choice may be - because it is cost efficient by pitcher and once you get started with the 1st glass the drinks keep flowing because they are spot on.

The prices are reasonable and with the food and service you get at this establishment - you will feel you owe them more!

Noe:  There is a nite club upstairs and it must be ""Poppin" as the kids say because it always has a crowd.
I usually hate when people say things like, "I haven't had such good [enter random food here] since I was in [enter brag worthy country here]". However, this place is awesome and I really haven't had such good paella since I was in Spain.  That's saying a lot because I love paella, and if it's on the menu somewhere there is a pretty excellent chance that I am ordering it.

Tierra Columbiana actually offers two kinds of paella, which lets you know that they are serious about their sh**.  One has a medley of meats while the other is exclusively seafood.  We went with the seafood and did not regret the choice, The dish serves two (and then some), so find a dinner companion who wants a plateful of awesomeness and dig in.  

I was much less impressed with my cheese empanada, but it was $1.50 so worth checking out.  My grandfather used to say, "People will try anything for $1.00". Adjust for inflation and he was pretty much right.  Anyhow, I won't order that again.

We ordered a pitcher of mango margarita which was a pretty good value if you are too late for happy hour.  They bring warm buttered bread to the table, but try not to spoil your appetite.

If there is someone in your group with a birthday it is worth it to buy them a slice of cake.  It happened to be my birthday and the singing waiters with a giant sparkler on a slice of tres leches cake really added the perfect touch of humiliation/fun.

Service was otherwise decent but not great.  We had to pretty much flag down our waitress when we needed help.  The bartender also committed a terrible faux pas.  One member of our party ordered a margarita with sugar, no salt.  She sent it back when it came out with salt.  He sent back out the same salty margarita, but wiped off the rim and added sugar.  Party foul.

Overall our wonderful night was not marred by these missteps.  I'll return.
Mmmmm. Very good Latin food. Very authentic place, from the decor to the menu to the patrons to the staff to even the beer offerings! The seafood paella is my go to, but be warned - it is ginormous. Definitely enough for 3-4 people.

Skirt steak was also very good, but I assume it's cooked in butter which is why it's so delicious. The complimentary rolls are also very buttery. But some do consider butter a superfood, so it's ok to indulge!

I loved the empanadas here too. So flavorful and comes with a great green sauce. Mmmmmm.

The neighborhood does appear a bit sketchy, and it does turn into a dance club in the late night. But don't let that discourage you. You can park at the rite-aid across the street, which is well lit and secure. And the food is well worth it.

They do automatically add a 15% gratuity to your tab when dining in, even when dining just for two. But that just speaks to how authentic this place is - I experienced that at plenty of restaurants outside of the U.S!  And no complaints about the service - timely checkups and accommodating.
We came here with a group of six after work.  The restaurant is large and spacious.  For a Wednesday afternoon it was pretty busy still.  Lotsa locals and food seems authentic Colombian.

There's a happy hour from 5-7pm with $6 margaritas, mojito, sangrias.  I really liked the mojito super fresh and not too strong.  Overall everything we tried was pretty good.   The menu is huge and so many things to try.  Prices are reasonable.

I ordered the caramelized plantain with beef and cheese appetizer. It was so yummy. Sweet and savory at the same time.  I also really enjoyed the seafood paella. There's a good mix of shrimp squid and scallops.  The lobster claw was a bit hard to eat.

My companions had the empanadas and chicken quesadilla on the happy hour menu that they were pretty pleased with.

We are also very impressed because the food came out so quickly after ordering. There's parking across the street in the Rite Aid. We had a great time will definitely come back again and bring the hubby!!
The food is amazing here! No matter when I come it is always a packed house. I like to try something new every time I come and I am not The drinks are amazing!! The food is always beautifully presented. 

There is a hidden $3.00 charge to pay with card with I did not like. If I would have known prior I would have brought cash, I found this real shady. It questions whether I'd be back for another ladies lunch with my mother and sister.
This was my first visit to Tierra Colombiana in probably 10 years. There were so many great things I remembered about this restaurant, and I wanted to bring my husband to experience it. I was thrilled that the place hadn't changed one bit.

We were greeted warmly at the door (in Spanish- thank you high school!) upon entering and were promptly seated. Right away, we were brought water and some delicious, warm toasted bread to get us started. We had plenty of time to look over the drink menus before our server came over, which I always appreciate. I hate when they come over as soon as you're seated, as if you magically know their wine list/drink menu by heart. But I digress. So we ordered some margaritas (when in Rome, right?) and they were HUGE! The flavor was very authentic and they definitely did not skimp on the tequila. 

We ordered a few empanadas to share as an appetizer: beef, shrimp and crab. Each had it's own unique flavor and was really great. I especially liked the beef empanada. It had a great cumin scent and the shell to filling ratio was spot-on.

I'd read many reviews suggesting the seafood paella for two, so that was what we tried. I loved how much seafood you really got, especially for only $34. 2 small lobster tails, 2 legs, 2 claws, and a slew of mussels, clams, squid and shrimp. It was a little salty for my husband's taste, and I found it to be slightly salty too- not enough to make it inedible. I actually found it to be quite delicious. I would guess that it isn't like this all the time, because I'm sure it's hard to judge how salty the seafood itself will be, as this varies (especially with clams). The portion was huge too. We were both stuffed and still had plenty to take home. 

For dessert, we ordered 2 slices of tres leches cake to take home. It was very good, but slightly too sweet for me. I'm not sure if it was because of the icing or the overuse of condensed milk, but it was still pretty darn good as tres leches in Philadelphia goes.

The service here is incredible. Servers make sure you have drinks and hot food, while bussers run all over the place refilling your water glasses, pre-bussing, and generally making sure you're having a great time. This place isn't in one of the best neighborhoods, but after 5 minutes inside the restaurant you completely forget about what's outside. It's definitely worth the trip. One more thing- the safest parking is in the Rite Aid parking lot across the street.
I have been here countless times and have never had anything short of amazing. The waiters are attentive, efficient, and super polite. 

The food is amazing.  Some of the menu items I've eaten: ropa vieja,  seafood paella, calentado, mofongo. They are all just as they should be and large serving sizes therefore pricing is not bad at all. 

The complementary bread is one of a kind. Also the fresh squeezed juices are exactly that, fresh squeezed and all fruit, not diluted. 

The best part is they're always willing and able to accommodate our large party of atleast 11. Great food is best when shared with great people.
Tierra Colombiana is amazing. The staff is pleasant, the prices are fair, portions are huge, and authenticity is maintained. Tierra Colombiana is the most visible example of the large number of authentic ethnic cuisine in the area. 

The fresh salsa they serve is hands down the best salsa I honestly have ever had. 

Empanadas are on point, the black bean soup is so simple and satisfying, and just about everything I have tried has been cooked well. The kabob sampler they have is a steal, tons of beef, chicken, shrimp, and carnitas for $10.

Tierra Colombiana is a must try!
Are you extremely hungry and only have a certain amount you are allowed to spend? This is your go to place. You get so much food for such a great price, and to top it off, it DELICIOUS!

My order consists of:
Maduro Relleno de carne - It's sweet plaintains stuffed with ground beef, olives, and cheese. The cheese is always so stringy (just how I like it), and the beef seasoned perfectly.

Pernil - It's roasted pork shoulder and served with rice, beans and plantains. So flavorful and so moist. The plantains are great, but my wife always eats mine. :-(

Side order Skirt Steak - Yes, you read that right. I order a side of steak with my meal!

And to make everything 100x better, they have this spicy red sauce that I put on everything. I swear, I could drink it. Make sure you get the sauce!

Overall: This is my favorite cuban/columbian place to go to. Service is always top notch and food is even better!
wonderful Spanish eatery in north Philly. the food was very good and the service was also very good. I've eaten here a few times and the quality is consist ant. i especially enjoyed the picadillo and the desserts. bring lots of friends for good eats, tropical drinks and later on, go upstairs and dance your ass off!
I was actually QUITE impressed with Tierra Colombiana! While not in the BEST neighborhood, the restaurant itself was a diamond in the rough. INCREDIBLY spacious, as there is a club on the top floor, with the restaurant on the bottom. There's a full bar, that leads into a dining room, with a dining room attached to THAT. The place is HUGE, so if you're looking to book a big soiree, and you're down for some authentic latin food, you've found your place. 

We went for a work lunch, and had no problems. Upon walking in, we were greeted, in Spanish, by the hostess, and sat immediately. Side note, it probably helps tremendously if you speak Spanish here, but my Spanish is so poor that we opted to use English, which they were also proficient in. Because it was just a work lunch, I decided to go for something quick, so I ordered the Cubano sandwich and because, of course I did, I got a single serving of chicharrones! The sandwich was FANTASTIC, AND HUGE! I thought, because of the chicharron and the size of the sandwich, that I would eat half and take half, but the sandwich was so good that that plan quickly dissolved into me stuffing my fat face. I didn't like that the sandwich doesn't come with anything; no fries, no rice....just a sandwich, and the chicharrones were a bit over cooked. I know its DEEP FRIED pork belly, but they really blasted this thing. It still TASTED great, but it was a little bit of a tough chew.

My coworker went all out and got some steak special they had, and HOLY MOLY. Listen, I've been to some pretty decent steak places; Butcher and Singer, Capital Grille, Library II, Fogos, Marmont, etc...and although I have seen bigger steaks (theres a tomahawk at Library II that looked like what Fred Flintstone got at the drive in), I've never seen a bigger steak SERVED to someone. This thing was HUUUUUUUUUGE. Seriously, two inches thick, filled the whole plate, PERFECT grill marks. I almost didn't want him to eat it, so I could paint it like one of Jacks pretty girls. I know what I'm getting when I go back. It came with the works; rice beans, salsa....it looked SO good. They cooked it a little more on the rare side of his "medium rare," but I'm nitpicking at this point. Also, for the table, there was this bread that tasted just like grilled cheese! Yum.

Again, the inside is impeccable. The ceilings are all fancy hard wood and everything was super clean.

They aren't the CHEAPEST eats in the land, and they put the tip automatically on the bill, which we didn't know, so we actually wound up double tipping on the tip included amount! (Our server would up with about a 50% tip because of the confusion.) Still, this is going to be a lunch staple going forward. Can't wait to try more of the menu.
This place is the bomb. Every dish they have ever served me is excellent. My favorite hands down is the Mofongo. They provide generous and good quality servings. The food is consistently excellent.

My only complaint the neighborhood at night is not a good area.  I prefer to come during day light hours. I love the food but safety first.
Ok I know my review is going to go against the grain. But having lived in a place where latin food (Cuban, Colombian, Peruvian, Venezuelan, etc) is the staple, Tierra Colombian comes up short in so many ways.

They offer Colombian and Cuban cuisine. It may well be the "best Colombian and Cuban food you will find in Philadelphia," but that doesn't mean it is good.

The beef dishes were tough and tasteless. The fish was overcooked and dry. The Churrasco...PLEASE! And worst of all, the pork had no flavor at all! 

In Miami this place would be a definite pass it by. Although the desserts were fairly good across the board. Try nearby El Balconcito, or Sazon on Spring Garden, for latin food done better. But I'm still in search of good Cuban in Philly. Forward any suggestions.

I haven't been to the nightclub portion of this place, but if the crowd is right I've no doubt the place can be a blast! And yes, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy-but don't let that be the reason you don't go.
First off I was weary of the neighborhood or that there isn't designated parking for the building except in the RiteAid across the street since it closes around 9pm. I have to say the building is gorgeous and huge from the outside, certainly raised my spirits.

Since it was Saturday night and I arrived too early for the club section on the 2nd floor I sat in the bar section of the restaurant. Service is a pinch slow, but myself or my friend weren't in a rush since we were killing time. We tried their $9 margaritas (Raspberry & Mango type) which it was decent and strong.

Now... to move on to the club section.

First off you have to pass through a metal detector, then get funneled down a roped off section for coat check and pay a $10 cover (men & women which I guess is great for not playing into favorites -.-) to then be given a ticket which I then pas that off to a ticker-master on the steps. Phew, after all of that the upstairs is HUGE with a small hip-hop section, large Latin music section, 3 bars on both sides, hookah is available at tables and there is a decent sized VIP section. This place is possibly much larger than I was expecting. I must say I dropped $30 for 6 beers which is possibly a pinch steep. Must say it was a first to leave the bartender my ID & credit card to open a tab. Either way I danced through both sections, had a big mixture of age ranges and the dance floor on the Latin section was always filled. It's safe to say I will come back to visit this place.
Delicioso. Like, that really is all you need to know.

I've ordered takeout from here that was the kind of takeout that inspires you to show up at the place because you just have to eat in there. Service is outstanding--you're greeted, seated and served nibbles almost immediately by polite and gracious staff. Bump the tortilla chips. I forgot what their li'l bread/Texas-toast-like morsels were called but they were a welcome changeup. Hot, buttery and mahvelous. 

Oh, and that salsa is the TRUTH. It is also hot. I warned you. You're welcome.

The menu is extensive--deliciously overwhelming if you come hungry ... which you should because the portions are generous and did I mention delicious? More on that in a bit!

The atmosphere is vibrant--colorful, a bit more rustic than the kitschy, common Mexican themed places so many of us are beyond used to these days. It's quite a large restaurant with even more banquet/dining space upstairs, which I presume they reserve for parties and the like. From the outside, you can't miss it. I've never been to Colombia or any other South or Latin American country, but I have been in and around North Philly. This place pops out and says "Hola!" to your eyes as you ride down N. 5th in the midst of all the other typical storefronts and corner stores.

Y'all. Get all the sangrias. Scrumptious. Yes, I tried them all--the blanco, the riojo and the durazno (laden with plump peaches). A pitcher of one of them is a must. They also make a mean apple martini. And yes, I appreciate my beverages.

I got the Happy Hour empanada special and the buffalo wings. The empanadas were crisp and delectable. The special consists of the cheese, chicken, shrimp and ground beef with potato empanadas. For my main course I ordered the Churrasco Argentino and it was grilled to perfection. I hardly needed my knife! I complimented this slab of deliciousness with yellow rice, red beans and incredibly fresh avocado. There was enough for me to take home for lunch the following day and I enjoyed it just as much as I had the night before.

Our server, Anthony, was absolutely darlin' to our party of 4. They happily accommodated our request for a larger table and gave the type of service that ensured we were never thirsty or hungry. 

This is the sort of place that's just enough out of some folks' way that I can safely put it in my regular go-to spot and count on a bellyfull good time errytime.
I'm sad to say that this place is not as great as it use to be.  I've been going here for the past 6 years and the food is just not as great as before.  The food is good just not fresh.  The octopus salad is pretty good, but sometimes I question the quality of seafood.  I tried the seafood paella which was decent but the mussels used throughout the rice was fishy and a overload.

Tres leche and churrascho Argentino are two solid food items that you can never go wrong with!
After much salivating I got my butt to this place to finally try their meal. First it's in a shady area but if you are just going to eat and peace out, then the area doesn't really affect anything.
Cool thing is that you can park in the rite aid lot across the street, that's a sense of safety that your vehicle is okay at least while you eat. They have guards in the lot who are there more or less to make sure stray people don't park there...they'll tow you with the quickness I'm sure.

I did make reservations 3days prior BUT for some reason when I got there, there was some miscommunication AS IF I never made reservations. It turned out okay because my party as accommodated nonetheless rather quickly. But I can't help but wonder what happened to my reservation despite the fact that I call even the morning off to confirm?

The place is def best for groups, it just has that atmosphere. The food is relatively inexpensive for the portion you get and everything was delicious. For a party we really just ordered 1 of the appetizer platters because the party trickled in but if everyone is there..I would recommend 1-2 of the appetizer platters because it has a lot included.
Drinks, I had the Caprihina. Just one cause I had another place to be and I needed to be sober to get there safely. My friend had one of their fresh juices.

I had the broiled snapper which was very good. Rarely do I eat fish that's cooked/grilled/broiled that has much flavor it of itself. Usually they pour some sauce on it to give it flavor. But the snapper here was just flavorful. My meal came with plantain and this huge ass side salad that looked like a meal itself. 
Just for future reference, if u are not going to eat the salad, ask them NOT to bring it because it was just wasted and now thinking bad, I felt bad. Don't waste food.

The only downside was that the waiter was a bit slow for the party. He had other customers but sometimes it took him too long to come back. We needed water refills and that took a while. Overall tho, they were gracious.

I would recommend this place to others. I def wanna go back to try their brunch menu, dessert menu & other things.

oh they have a club upstairs that starts pumping music around 9pm
So gooooooooood! its sort of hidden in NE philly tho :)
Damn!  One word to describe this place.  Damn good, damn cheap and Damn! Where are we?

Location is not the best but this place is a gem.  I cruised by for dinner one night with la familia. Getting there wasn't bad from center city.  Took Roosevelt boulevard there, and it was basically 'sorta' right off the highway.  The neighborhood looks a little rough, especially at night. But lemme tell you, there were people in there that looked like they were straight off Wisteria Lane.  So don't let a little hood scare ya.  Hood is a relative term anyway!

The place is huge, you can't miss it at night since it has a border of neon lighting on top of the roof.  Getting inside you notice tons of tables, two sides to the place.  Great for large groups.  We got seated quickly, which was tops.  

From then on, service was sorta slow.  But I gave them some slack, since the place was hopping.  

The menu was extensive to say the least.  There is a section for Cuban and Colombian food.  Good description of the dishes.  We ordered to start: crab empanada (deepfried dough filled with crab meat), Plantain stuffed with mozzarella cheese and Mofongo with shrimp (crushed fried green plantains with garlic).  These were excellent.  The mofongo was one of the best I've had before.  The appetizers are large, so share and pace yourself.

Our meal: Masa de cerdo (cubes of pork with cassava, Cuban tamale, plantains and black rice).   The pork was very tender, delicious, but on the saltier side.  The overall dish was excellent but the rice was the best part.  I think I finished the rice before the rest.  It's sorta like the Jamaican rice and peas my mom makes. 

The rest of the meals were, a whole fish fried and garnished with veggies and avocado.  Also garlic shrimp with plantains  and rice.  

The food was so good, and so much, it was insane.  A few times in the meal I said I was full, but ended up finishing it since it was that good.

To top it off, I had a Cafe con leche and flan.  I am a big lover and critic of flan, and this was a little lacking.  But hey, I was already full and so it wasn't anything. 

There is a dance club, upstairs and so things can get a bit loud on certain nights.  On the bright side, you can eat and then go dance it off.

The whole vibe of the place is a social, loud, gastronomic delight.  Many returns are in store for the future!
I read that Tierra Colombiana makes the best paella in Philadelphia.  It is close and not terribly expensive, so it was worth a trip.  The experience was memorable.  It is located in a lower middle class to poor neighborhood, so the people with whom we dined were a very interesting mix of locals to people from New Jersey who came here as a destination restaurant, to families celebrating birthdays,  to my wife and I, a couple of gastronomic snobs from the suburbs.

The experience was mixed.  The decor is elaborate and eclectic, with brick walls, arches, wooden ceilings and pleasant, low lighting.   But it didn't all fit together comfortably.  The noise level is a little high.  There are TV's.  So there was an underlying sense that we weren't really at a high end place.  Which, to be fair given the prices, we weren't.  In that context, the quality of the food was remarkably good.  Shockingly and wonderfully good.  We started with an excellent bottle of wine from a short, but complete wine list (they also margaritas and sangria by the pitcher as well as a great selection of beer).  Other reviews have dinged the service.  We found it to be unobtrusive, but timely and courteous, if not refined.  No complaints, given the cost of the meal.

But the food!  Two different spinach salads, served on plates and presented like it was a mediocre chain restaurant, but tasting like it was a five star center city destination.  The paella was even better.  In fact, its presentation was also quite good.  There was no shortage of sea food nor was there any hint that they held back on the saffron.  Delicious.  It was the best paella I ever had.

This is definitely going to be on our short list of restaurants from now on.  There is a great deal to explore on this menu, from all areas of the Latin world.  I suspect you would need reservations for Friday and Saturday nights.  Sunday night, when we visited, there were tables to be had.  This place is definitely worth an evening.
This is the original restaurant that inspired Mixto down in center city. Even if it is out in North/Northeast Philly, it is worth the trip! So much better and more affordable than Mixto with food that is fresh and authentic (enforced by the many Colombians who visit the restaurant). 

Go for lunch when the service is quicker and the crowds are smaller (and it is light outside... bc the neighborhood is not the best). The Bandeja Tipica comes with a chicharones (deep fried fatty short ribs - 4 pieces) with an arepa (corn cake with cheese) and a huge platter with a steak topped with 2 eggs, rice, beans, plantains, and avocado. Top it off with the home-made salsa and you have a meal for two that costs $11.
I use to go here alot as a kid for breakfast. Their bread was always my favorite part. I've only been here for dinner a couple of times (maybe 2). Althought the food is good, I never thought it was amazing, maybe because I have spanish food on a regular basis. The service is pretty slow and the hardest part is probably trying to find parking on 5th street.
This place is wonderful. This was my second time here. The first time I didn't leave a review. This place has a very nice atmosphere. The staff is very pleasant. From first glance outside you aren't sure what to expect. 

Came here for dinner with friends. I was running behind so calamari was ordered as an app. By the time I got there, they had just brought it out. It was very delicious. It was nicely fried, Golden and came with marinara sauce. I was very pleased.

For the entree we ordered a dish for two that include different types of seafood. It has mussels, clams, shrimp, a full lobster, pieces of squid with lots of rice, it comes with sides as well. We got black band and and avocado.  When the dish came out we were surprised.
This dish could have easily fed 4 people. It was so much food and it was delicious. Full of flavor and full of seafood. It was also a lot of rice. 

I really enjoy this place. I'm the staff is very nice. They do predominately speak Spanish so if you don't speak Spanish you may have to repeat or show them what you want. They food is great though, I can't complain.
Tierra Colombiana is located in the Latin American neighborhood in Philadelphia. I am NOT a neighborhood snob. Some have mentioned the area it's in but I will be the first to say that people with all economic backgrounds have to live somewhere.

There is not a lot of parking around. You will need to park on the street or go when the Rite Aid closes across the street and park in their parking lot.

I visited at 9 on a Saturday night. There was a 45 minute wait. While waiting I sat in the bar area and had a mango mojito. It was 9 bucks. It was very good.

Once we were seated a server brought over buttered toasted bread. About 5 minutes later a server took our order. The menu is huge. A lot to choose from. I think if you don't eat Cuban or Colombian food you may be a little stuck as to what to order. The menu is also translated to English, which was helpful.

We order shrimp and rice and a version of garlic chicken with shrimp. Both came with sweet plantains and beans. The black beans had tons of flavor and we thought were better than the pinto. The plantains were good and our dishes individually were both okay. The shrimp and rice I ordered was loaded with veggies and while the rice itself had lots of flavor the shrimp in the rice taste like they'd been boiled and stirred in. I can not say that I was overly wow'd by the food. 

My one critique about the restaurant is that it is loud. Romantic Saturday night...not at all. At about 10:30/11 the upstairs club music started to pound through the floor. I was really happy to be leaving by that time. I'd go back but Maybe to try brunch as to not be overwhelmed by such a huge menu and the club noise.
Had a hankering for this cuisine and it did not disappoint. Delicious huge tamale and individual sized empanadas for appetizers. Hot and well seasoned. Had both versions of arros con pollo (Cuban and Colombian); plantain with cheese and ground beef and olives; and a gigantic platter of eggs, sausage, avocado, beans, and round steak. Portions are ridiculously large. Flan for dessert. Yum!

Service good. Pleasant atmosphere. Felt safe Covid-wise. Parking easy on street.
The Columbian tamale served at Tierra Colombiana is serious business. It is a heaping hunk of glorious masa(corn-based dough) infused with meat, potatoes, and peppers. It is served with a rocking, fresh salsa. It doesn't matter if you can't locate it on the menu. Order it.

Wash your tamale down with a guayabana shake. Do it! Obey! That's what you came to Yelp for, right? So that I could tell you what to order!

The tres leches cake is delicious.
What can I say? I have eaten at many Latin places (including places in Latin countries) and this place has the BEST FOOD EVER! 
I go there at least twice a month because the food is great the drinks are great and everything is priced reasonably. 

Don't let the fact that its in North Philly stop you. No, you wont get shot and you can park in the Rite Aid parking lot across the street if you are paranoid about your car being stolen. haha. on to the food... 

Everything comes with a side of rice, pork-free beans, and either sweet or crispy plantains. The crispy plantains come with a garlic sauce that i could drink-its soo good, and the sweet ones taste like a fried banana. The bistec de pollo (chicken breast with peppers and onions) is delicious and the shrimp salad is good as well. 
Other things I recommend are the shrimp empanadas (shrimp patties), bistec encebollado (top round with onions) and the ensalada de pulpo (octopus salad/ceviche). 
Keep in mind this place owns the Philadelphia restaurant MIXTO but is half the price of it. The only downside is the service is slow so be patient-the food is worth every penny.
I was hopeful about this place after a friend recommended it but it didn't live up to my expectations.  Here are the good, the bad, and the ugly:
Good:  
- awesome homemade salsa on the table with very good garlic bread 
- attentive waitstaff
- rice was excellent

Bad:
- paella was terrible.  The lobster meat was stuck to the shells due to it being overcooked for hours, shrimp was just past rubbery heading towards hard due to same overcooking and the clams and mussels faced the same horrible death.  Would stay away from this dish at all costs.  

Ugly:
- the neighborhood.  Unless equipped with a small arsenal, I wouldn't come back again.
In my book this is the best nightclub in the city if you love latin music. I prefer to go on Saturdays. The crowd is less tense and everybody is looking for a good time. Dj Safarii is the resident DJ and is a fantastic, fantastic DJ. He mixes bachata, merengue, salsa and some good house and trance music.

There is a giant dance floor in the middle which can fit over 1,000 people. The lighting in the club is great and there are two bars on the outsides of the dance floor. It is never too crowded nor impossible to get a drink. Drinks are reasonably priced.

The place tends to stay open past 2 normally between 2:30-3am. While it is in a bad neighborhood there is constant security around the club/restaurant, the crowd on Saturday night are older late 20s-early 30s all looking to dance and have a good time. The perfect place to end your night if you're looking to dance!

All of the normal tendencies you see at nightclubs do not apply here. You don't have to worry about the braggadocios machismo guy looking to pick fights and look tough; The bartenders who are more interested in finding the drunkest chick in the club/bar than serving you drinks and the overpriced everything that comes along with the clubbing experience. It is good drinks, great music, a relaxed crowd and great atmosphere.
First, mega props to the expertly bilingual waitstaff who will be able to answer any questions (and then offer some advice) in either Spanish or English...or Spanglish if you're somewhere in between. 

Second, the oatmeal isn't served fat, thick 'Merican style, but it's awkwardly delicious. It's sweet enough that you'd swear some condensed milk were mixed in as the oats simmered in a cream sauce. The berries adorning the oats are fresh, fat and juicy. The acidity of the Mandarin oranges parsed the sweetness, leaving a bowl of creamy, smooth oatmeal.

Third, the Tres Leches was a quintessential cake without any American frills. Doused in condensed milk, the cake was super moist, slightly sweet and topped with a bright red cherry for a splash of color.
Will. Never. Return.
The service was extremely slow, even when the restaurant was not busy.
Our orders were mixed up and the server forgot what was ordered. 
I do understand that the server might have had a lot of pressure serving 15+ customers, but it was a really bad experience.

The breakfast food was not good.
Yes it's located in North Philly. ( you'll be fine) The restaurant has a deal with Rite Aid, so park along the edges of their parking lot. Now onto the food, it's so good! We always order the chicken empanadas. They come out with this hot sauce that is amazing. I always order the lemon butter chicken breast. It sounds simple but words cannot describe just how delicious this dish is...My husband orders something different every time we come and loves everything. I stick to what I love. I've brought friends here who know nada about Spanish food and they love it. I brought my husband here years ago, he fought me at first until he tried the empanadas. Now he swears by this spot. Eat here! You'll love it. If not, there's one in every bunch. Did I mention getting the empanadas?
A bunch of friends and I recently threw a large birthday party here (15+ people), and they were super accommodating and attentive. It was my first meal here and will definitely not be my last. 

Food here was awesome. We tried several salads, the paella, several steak and chicken entrees, and we were all raving about it at the end of the night. I didn't have one thing that wasn't delicious. The best part of the meal was the tres leches cake. They brought out a whole pan for our party. I'd go back just for that cake alone.
I was craving Puerto Rican food so my Puerto Rican papi (aka my best friend's dad who adopted me) took me and the fam here.  So I know....this is not exactly a Puerto Rican restaurant, but papi reassured me they served puerto rican cuisine--- "It's all Latin, It's all Latin" he said.  And he's right...they had all the Puerto Rican staples :-) 

Tierra hooked me uuuppppp.....I got the pernil (roasted pork shoulder), rice and beans, and plantains--D-Licious!  Filling as all hell, so a doggie bag was a must!  OH--and that bread they serve....crazy addictive.  You won't find your typical rolls here--instead they serve mini garlic bread pieces-nniiicceeee....but very easy to fill up on just these-careful!

The service was super friendly, and I got to practice my gringo Spanish without feeling like a complete dork.

I will definitely be back.  Can't wait to try other things on the menu and the salsa club upstairs!
last time I ate here I was like 16.. so I'm not even going to go there.. however I recently went to the nightclub part of this.. lets just say I paid 20$ for a 2 hour open bar, had about 20 drinks and had a damn good time dancing to the music. it was a good time.. but for some reason I felt like I was in high school. at one of those clubs meant for under agers. even though there was alcohol, it just still felt .. well.. young... but the music was bumping and that special was damn good.. I'm going to have to go back and get some food again..
Food is GOOD here ...try the pinchos during HAPPY HOUR  $6.00.

The bartender was special...tended to get lost even when the bar wasn't full...I sat with two friends we asked for separate bills , he refused with a smile...and the we found out why...he padded the bill with 15% gratuity 

That was his loss because he would've made out better without adding gratuity

Pay attention to your bill with this bartender ...light brown skin...with dark hair that sticks up like a cockatoo..he's all smiles..but watch him
This is my go-to latin spot. I love the food, atmosphere, drinks and all. I mean they are an agreeable price and they don't short you on anything. It's hard to say you get your monies worth in any capacity at any place. Yet here they have served up consistent service an quality product for years I have been coming here for years  just to be sure. I always  repeat several times to ensure there is no misstep and they be "doin it" - in my wendy  voice. Dont be a punk about the neighborhood, that's some racist stereotypical madness. Just be aware of your surroundings, park at the Rite Aide and mind your business. You will be OK, and after you leave here you will be fabulous! Have yourself an big Latina meal, a solid mixed drink then go upstairs and get your salsa on. Go ahead I know you want  to.
Sincerely,
The WiseWino
I lived in Philly for 7 years and never knew about this place!!
So you're ilving in Philly and you want Colombian/Cuban food? Well you got to head out to the hood in North Philly...  The area isn't the nicest but for good food its worth the trip.  

From the outside it looks like a bar - but when you walkin the place is actually really big - and mid day on Sunday it was PACKED.

To start they offer you cuban bread (you know - toasted and buttered type)
For appetizer we ordered the plaintain chips with Guacamole (mm.. it was fresh guacamole which was really good!)
I ordered the Bandeja Familiar (aka Bandeja Paisa) - everything you would expect - fried egg, beans, maduros, arepa, chicharron, avocado and bifstek (however they replaced the steak for ground beef). The chicharron has to be the best that i've ever tasted.  

My friend ordered the salmon plate (forgot what it was but she really liked it).  

Great food, good service and The presidente was ice cold!
Food was good so far. I won't say perfect, it was ok. Beef i got was chewy and also I found a small black hair in rice so of course didn't eat it. That just could happen in any restaurant but it made me feel bad about place. Appetizer like a potato ball with ground beef inside and one which goes right after that in menu were delicious!
Area over there is scary. I was worrying about car I left on the street all time I was there.
But still it seems to be very popular place!
I went solo to Colombiana for lunch, and I felt welcomed and very comfortable there. 

I ordered the french toast with cream cheese in the middle and a few fruits on the side. It was basically American, I didn't really want American , but their other dishes were a bit heavier with meats. So it worked out in the end. It was nice and filling, but....I wanted something that had Latin flavor. 

I also ordered a hot chocolate, it wasn't mixed all the way, so, eh, attention missed there. I also got another drink that was alcohol infused, but I can't remember what it was. Maybe something with mango in it. 

I ended up spending some dough on myself that afternoon. Almost 20 bucks, including tip. But, oh well, I found a place that I'll go to again. Parking was easy, but since the area has small blocks, I can see where you might want to go a little early before the upstairs opens for dancing for the night.
delicious! so glad a coworker shared this place with me. i can't wait to bring more friends here and get the center city dwellers to get over the shock of going north of Girard ;)

excellent sweet plantains and black beans. tried the mango margarita (too salty for me), and the red sangria (much better; sweet and filled with cut up fruit).
Juniata, North Philly
I came here once because someone recommended the appetizers here. Didn't have time to stay. Little did I know this place had these amazing reviews and delicious pictures of fooooooooood! Must come back to try more and review the main course. Salivating!
Kinda far but this place is great. Great music both Latin and hip hop, we danced til the lights came on. Huge venue, bar service was quick, supposedly they close later than other clubs but I believe they closed around 2 or maybe 3? Who knows I was far to "happy" to notice the time.
An Oasis in Philly! Another one of the spots in my life where I've never had a bad meal. Tierra NEVER disappoints. We usually get some empanadas to start. I prefer the beef, with the off the hook salsa they put on the table that has a mighty kick, but so flavorful with lemon and cilantro.  I've tried the cheese,  chicken and crab which are scrumptious too. Also,  complimentary fried bread is immediately put on your table. My main staple is usually the Argentine Churrasco. A skirt steak with stupendous chimichurri sauce. Your choice with it;  red or black beans? Yellow or white rice? Plantains? ... it's all good! I've had the Ropa Vieja, Lechon/Pernil, and tastes of other goodies,  which I've enjoyed,  but I usually stick with my Churrasco. My wife's staple is the Arroz Con Pollo, Cubano style. Consistently amazing as I usually delve into the leftovers as the portion is generous and great the next day. The service is amazing and friendly with servers that care and remember you. My water glass is never empty.  Even in a busy,  congested area of Philly, I've never had a problem parking as you are allowed to park directly across the street at the Rite Aid. I believe they have a security guard that patrols in the evening.     

Two words for dessert... Tres Leches. Never been to Tierra Columbiana? It's time!
On the low, this is that spot when you want a good ratio of cost to amount of food.  Colombian and Cuban food here. I like it better than some of the Cuban spots in Center City because the only concern when it comes to plating is fitting everything on it.  Don't miss their various tropical fruit nectars and juices.  Morirsonando is my personal favorite.  Good churrasco steaks. Those that eat pork, get the arroz con chorizo. yummy. tostones with their special garlic sauce? fantastico. One of my top 5 fav places to eat in the city! It's in the hood, but don't be scurred.  Park in the Rite Aid lot across the street (they have an agreement)
Tierra Colombiana is really a great restaurant. Located somewhere near Northeast Philly & the Hunting Park area this restaurant provides hearty and delicious food. This trip specifically was just a lunch stop with some coworkers after being in the neighborhood. I passed on a getting a large plate as I had been here before and knew it would have been way too much food and I wasn't going to be near a fridge anytime soon. There isn't a parking lot for this restaurant but I've heard rumors that they have an agreement with Rite Aid and you can park there with no penalty (but do so at your own discretion). I opted for the guava shake which you can get con agua or con leche (with water or milk). I got mine with water but I really wish I would've gotten it with milk. The water just made it taste bland and kind of grainy for some reason. I also got two appetizers the chiccaron (fried pork) and maduro con queso (sweet plaintain with cheese). The chiccaron just didn't have any meat on it really I was a bit disappointed by that and I was they had given me a lime like every other restaurant does for that dish. The maduro con queso was actually quite pleasant the cheese really balanced out the sweetness of the maduro. The service wasn't really the best either, they could really use some help in that area, but other than that it's a pretty good restaurant and with trying. I would suggest going for dinner so you can get a large meal rather than lunch.
I love this place.  Cuban food that rivals what you will find at either Versailles Restaurant in Miami or Columbia Restaurant in Tampa.  If you are familiar with either of those places and have not been to Tierra Colombiana then get over there now!  

You can park at the Rite Aid across the street and even though the neighborhood might appear sketchy at times - you will be fine.  The interior is suprisingly nice.  I think if this restaurant was in center city it would be among the most well-known restaurants.

I can't even do justice describing the food.  My recommended favorite meal: Ham croquettes for an appetizer, Bistec de Palomilla entree (ask for limes to squeeze over it - this is basically a thin steak cooked with onions), black beans and rice, tostones, tres leches cake for dessert and of course café con leche! HMMM!
One of my GO TO spots! Possibly the best Columbian and Cuban food in the city! I tell no lies when i say NOTHING will disappoint! 

Service is Impeccable! From the door you're greeted with a warm welcome and staff constantly checks on you, no extremely long waits for your meal and they will accommodate your substitution requests. 

Great happy hour drink and appetizer specials, im a sucker for their margaritas and the chicken empanadas and if you can handle it, ask for some spicy sauce with your freshly grilled bread *insert drool* it's amazing on EVERYTHING! 

I would literally recommend everything because I've been so many times I've had almost every entree and again have always left more than satisfied & with a to go bag because the portions are more than generous. 

Go & Enjoy, thank me later, or you just may see me there!
This place has been recommended by a few people in my life for quite some time. So much so that it achieved "bucket list" restaurant status in my life. 

This past Thursday, my bucket list of restaurants got one restaurant thinner. 

The wife and I left the baby with a sitter and came here for lunch. I'm just going to go right into what we had. 

We split some empanadas, cheese, chicken, beef, and shrimp. I've had great empanadas at other Columbian restaurants in the area. These had a special taste to them. My wife and I already decided that next time we could make a meal of these alone. 

My Bandeja Tipica was a smorgasbord on a plate, and it defeated me. It's rare that I don't finish a plate, but believe me I gave this my best shot. Defeat never tasted so good. If you want the perfect sampling of Columbian cuisine, that's the plate for you. A sampling of my wife's Cuban Arroz con Pollo was equally satisfying. 

And the Tres Leches cake... Do I even need to tell you it was heaven? 

One of the best overall meals I've had in the city by far.
ITS ILLEGAL TO PUT THE TIP ON THE BILL.. ES ILLEGAL PARA INCLUIR LA PROPINA EN LA.CUENTA... The service was really bad... we waited 15 minutes before someone came to the table... we ordered appetizers and our meal all at once.. the appetizers never came... the food was good... but we never saw the server again... basically we saw her 2.times.. when she took the order and to drop the check off.. when she did drop the check off there was an 18% gratuity.. i asked her how we are charged a gratuity when we never received our appetizers so she took them off.. its illegal to add the gratuity.. im sure they do it because most of their customers don't speak English and won't complain maybe they try and trick people to tip twice.. you can tell them to remove it because im sure the servers never receive the money anyway
This is by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The food is always fresh and delicious. They have vegetarian options that are delicious, too!  Even the coffee is extraordinarily delicious! 

The staff is unbelievably friendly and attentive. I try to bring someone new here every time I go, and I don't get here nearly enough!  

They don't have a parking lot, but I have never had a problem finding a place to park close by. 

Bring your appetite. You won't be disappointed. 

If you haven't been, you should go!
The salsa here is AMAZING!!! Words cannot do it justice. If you do not go here for any other reason, you MUST go for the salsa. Oh, and it's kind of spicy so beware. 

I have nothing to say but good things about the restaurant. If you're looking for authentic Colombian or Cuban cuisine, this is the place for you. I went here with a friend on a Sunday night around 8pm. Everything about the experience was amazing( the service, the food, the ambiance, the people, etc.). It was quite few people here considering it was a Sunday night (but it was not "packed").

For drinks, we ordered a couple of their mojitos (simply delicious). For appetizers we had an empanada calena and an empanada de pollo. The empanadas and the salsa together is truly an orgasmic experience (to your taste buds of course). It reminded me of the first time I had empanadas with homemade salsa back in Colombia. For our main entre my friend had the red snapper in coconut sauce and i ordered the Salmon con Camarones al Ajillo. For dessert we ordered the Caramel Pecan Cheesecake. I don't even even like cheesecake that much, but it was the perfect ending to a scrumptious meal. The sides that came with the dishes were delicious as well. I had the fried plantains and their black rice and beans.

The Nightclub is located next door. The music came on around 10pm the night I was there. As we were leaving the restaurant there were quite a few people lined up to go inside the nightclub. I will definitely check out the nightclub and eat at TC again the next time I'm in Philly. Hell, I might even go to Philly just to have dinner at TC =)

If you're still undecided about this place, you must not like good food!
This place is such a mixture that it's hard to review.  But every chance I have, when I'm in the Philadelphia area, I try to stop by. Cuban, Colmbian; restaurant, bar, nightclub. It can be hit or miss, but when it hits, it really hits!

For example, on this last trip the simple things weren't quite right.  The empanadas de pollo were far spicier than they've every been.  So spicy that you couldn't really taste the sazon.  The maduros were mushy and not very sweet.  But the pulpo salad?? Amazing!  More octopus than all other salad toppings combined!  The churrasco Argentino was cooked to a perfectly juicy and flavorful medium.  The chimi was nice and bright.

The portions are always huge and the staff are warm and helpful.  There's always plenty of parking at the Rite Aid across the street
I have only ever been here for breakfast, but it's my favorite breakfast spot in Philadelphia.  I like to get gallo pinto, which is sometimes on the menu and sometimes not, but they bring it if I ask for it: rice, black beans, sweet fried plantains, avocado, fried cheese, and steak.  And coffee.  That costs around ten dollars.

Sometimes I get arepas,which are corn cakes with cheese.  By the way, the same people operate the expensive restaurant Mixto on Pine Street.  If you like Mixto, you will like Tierra Colombiana.   The menu is the same.  The food is the same.  The prices are half.  Arepas at Mixto, $2.50 for two.  Arepas at Tierra Colombiana, $0.50 each.  They are the same arepas.

They have a full bar.  Sort of.  I made the mistake of ordering bourbon.  There was a long conversation over by the bar while they tried to figure out what it was.  Eventually the waitress came back.  She was very polite.  "Sorry, we don't have bourbon."  I realized my dumb mistake.  This is a Cuban-Colombian restaurant; of course they do not have bourbon.  Duh.  I ordered brandy instead.

If you speak English, it is possible that you will be the only customer there speaking English.  Remember to smile and say "gracias".

Addendum 20091005: Brought the five-year-old here for breakfast on Friday,  She was very excited to be going to Daddy's secret breakfast place.  Got gallo pinto again, this time with steak.  The kid also ordered bacon, which turned out to be some of the best bacon I've ever had: thin, perfectly crisp, salty and flavorful.  And we got arepas (cheesy polenta cakes), which I love.

But I'm really writing in because I had Cafe Cubano for the first time.  This is espresso infused with a lot of cream and brown sugar.  Wow.  Heavenly.  Suddenly I'm a Cubano addict.

Gallo pinto, plus dos arepas, bacon, cafe Cubano, cafe con leche, and hot chocolate all totalled about $21.  Then we took home half the food and ate it later.
This place has a fantastic representation of latin cuisine, makes you feel like your at home in moms kitchen (if your latino that is)...I really liked this place the first few times i went, it continues to live up to it's name.  

Great for lunch, dinner, or whatever, dancing, drinking, you name it they got it...
Cuban, Colombian, and Dominican favorites from the same people who own Mixto in Center City -- this is some high-end barrio food, folks.

The place starts off with great details: grilled bread at the table, Colombian coffee with milk, chimichurri hot sauce for everyone with heat on the front of the tongue before it moves to your throat. My ropa vieja wasn't too spicy but still red and flavorful, and the sizzling-plate bistec was impossibly tender.

The price points are kind of high -- $13 for basics, $40 for multi-protein entrees -- but consider that most meals come with a choice of rice, a choice of beans, and a choice of plantains/cassava/fries. Even if it takes you a second sitting at home to finish, you won't just eat TC's food, you'll demolish it.

(There's also an attached club, if you're interested in getting your Latin swerve on.)
Our service at the bar was horrible and so was the food ! We had 3 waiters refuse to service us as they claimed to not speak English . One server commenced to taking an order from a white couple . We finally received service after they had serviced 3 patrons that came after us . 
 We ordered appetizers and drinks and the drinks were good. The food not so much! I would try this place once more but not at the bar .
This place is 5 star worthy but what is keeping the establishment from it is not something they control. Tierra Columbiana is located in one of the worst neighborhoods in philly. The place is well put together it's actually beautiful and they have done an amazing job. The food is delicious but a bit pricey especially for the location. I must admit I have never had a bad dish. The place is very popular and it always seems to be jam packed. It is also VERY LOUD!! SUPER LOUD!!! The worst part is that a good amount of their customers are ghetto, obnoxious, LOUD, and ignorant!!! There is always a table full of them. Good thing is that the manager is willing to move you to another table because  sometime they just cannot control the the behavior of other adults. So beware!! There's always take out!
Tierra never disappoints. I've been coming here for years although this is my first review.  Last night we ordered the paella and it was nothing short of amazing.  The dish is so large that 4 people can easily share, although they say it's for 2 people.  It was flavorful, delicately seasoned along with the different types of meat & seafood. Mussels, clams, steak, shrimp, chicken, chorizo, lobster. It's such a hearty dish. I had not made the trip to Tierra in ages and last night was definitely worth the trip.  The hostess was exceptionally nice and the waiter was attentive and friendly as well. I really love this place and it was great to have dinner in the city with a friend.
I like it here for the most part. I love their chicken noodle soup... I know, not the first thing you were expecting. 

Their portion sizes are HUGE. Choices of red or black beans, white or yellow rice. They have different latin styles of cooking very similar dishes. You can get a Colombian and Puerto Rican version of the same food. The pastellios are ok, but the salsa they serve with them is AMAZING. The empanadas are great!!! 

I hear the breakfast here is really good but i haven't been able to try it yet. I always go for lunch. I have also heard good things about the Cuban sandwich. 

The other day when I was there I had a margarita that was served in a freaking bucket...not really... but the glass was huge and the after effects were indicative of the LARGE amount of alcohol supplied in the drink.... yum!

Go here, try it out... but during the day. The nightclub crowd here is not my scene. I am so not a fan of places with metal detectors.
Came here early in the year on the advice of a friend. Their portions are generous and they offer a wide variety of Latin dishes. During the weekend their second floor converts to a dance club. I've heard great things about it though haven't experienced it for myself. However the size alone of this venue would have me believe that it's worth checking out. The only cons is the neighborhood with its limited parking and the sketchy crowd that visits here during late night hours.
Not sure if we went here on an off night or what. It took fifteen minutes to order a drink and close to a half hour before th drinks got to the table...after that long wait it turned out one of the drink orders was incorrect. We had the paella for two. It was a huge portion of food but I'm convinced it was the leftover seafood from the previous week. The shrimp tasted like rubber and the lobster like cardboard. A person in our party only ate half their food and intended to take it home. He conveyed that to the waitress but a bus person came over and clearly didn't get the message and three out his food. The ambiance was nice and the prices were fair but the service and quality of food left a lot to be desired...
LOVE the skirt steak with chimi churrey sauce here. I've also tried the arroz con pollo and whole fish and empanadas.

I would never venture out of here if it wasn't for my puerto rican friend. Now I come whenever I'm craving hispanic food. It's the same owner as Mixto, but Tierra is much cheaper with bigger proportions. Also, you know it's a good restaurant when latin people come here!!!!
This food is fantastic!  I would not have thought to venture to this neighborhood for fine dining, but this restaurant came highly recommended by a friend.  I was not disappointed.  I ordered the arroz con chorizo, which also came with delicious beans and plantains.  The servings are very generous, so I can look forward to some leftovers as well!  I was able to try a bit of the salmon too, which was cooked to perfection.

There is a connection between this restaurant and Mixto in Center City.  I am fairly certain it is the same owner.  While Mixto has a more "center city chic" atmosphere, the menu is very similar and more reasonably priced at TC.  If you live in center city, TC is worth the trip.  If you live outside of the city and enjoy Columbian food, this is a great option for great dining and you do not have to worry about parking.  Also, the mojitos rocked!
My first Colombian dinning experience was slightly disappointing.

It's so tough to judge food you're so unfamiliar with. Therefore, my rating is solely based on my initial impression on the quality of the food.

I ordered the Masa de cerdo (cubes of pork with cassava, Cuban tamale, plantains and black rice). The plantains were tasty. Tamale was plain tasting to me. Rice was okay. The pork were very dry and non-tender to say the least.

Appetizers: Shrimp empanada was good but didn't blow me away. 

Drinks: Passion fruit mojito was delicious. Margarita was just okay but very generous size.

Overall, very interesting place in a very sketchy neighborhood. Watch out where you park your car. You might not see it again if you're not careful.
We were a table of 12 on a Sunday evening. we 3 arrived after everyone else had eaten their appetizers. the waitress came after 10 mins and gave us a menu. She ignored the dirty dishes in front of us, took our drink orders but I had to find her so that we could give her our food orders.
The food arrived, fried chicken, 3 rice & a mango salad. The salad was  plate of spinach and a nasty dressing. We told the waitress the salad tasted bad and she never offered to bring something else, so we asked her to remove it from the bill. She then replied "I will have to ask the mgr" (a $8.50 salad, come on, really?) also we never did get the 3rd order of rice) she never came back to check that everything was ok or if we needed anything else) she was so slow, non apologetic and so NOT HELPFUL. It was noisy and we couldn't wait to get out. Terrible  experience !
Been here at least 3 times now and loved it as always. I consider this a neighborhood gem as this place is always packed especially for dinner! This is in my favorite list!
As far as Latin clubs go, I would avoid this one if you're looking for legit salsa, bachata, or merengue. Went on a Saturday night and while they did play that type of music earlier on, we were the only ones dancing. Around midnight they started pumping the reggaeton and regular club music, and people finally started dancing in the form of twerking and grinding. 

The nightclub itself would be pretty cool for the aforementioned twerking/grinding if you're into that kind of thing. But the $10 cover for both guys and gals is pretty steep for a sketchy neighborhood in the middle of nowhere. 

We also ate at the restaurant, and they've definitely jacked up their prices while the food remains decent but mediocre. Also, the tres leches is pretty unimpressive. Pass.
One of my favorite restaurants for a lunch date with friends. The food is delicious. They start you off with the most delicious warm bread. And the menu is so extensive they can make you almost anything. The food is Spanish and Columbian. It's all so flavorful. 

They also have a great selection of wines and spirits. As well as happy hour drink specials. 

Every time I come I try something different. They have not gotten it wrong not once. My girlfriends and I love this place! 

Anything on the menu with steak... get it! You won't be let down.
Food is the bomb.com. This place gets really packed on a Saturday evening so my friend and I sat at the bar. I started with the beef empanadas with a spicy homemade salsa which was to die for. They also provide complementary bread (covered in butter yummmm). We ordered the seafood paella: really big portions for two people, had lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams, crab, squid aka a party in my mouth. I also had guava mojito, hella strong 

The only con was the wait time for the bill however it was really busy so I can't really be mad at that. 

This was my first time, but I will definitely be back!
Fantastic food!  Moved up here from Miami where I was born and raised.  So had pretty high hope to eat some authentic "cuban" food.  While not exactly Cuban, it was close enough.  Nothing fancy, just down home cooking.  Some Philly restaurants do fancy things to Cuban food but I didn't want the tricks.  This place made me homesick.

The table had  tostones and boy were my dining mates impressed (having never eaten them before).  The croquettes were great too.  I had the Ropa Vieja- Riquisimo!  I will say it was not fine dining but for the money it was spot on.

Topped it all off with a wonderful cup of cafe con leche.  I died and went to heaven!
I love this place! This is where I went to seek comfort in the madness that is medical school. The entrees are big, and the dishes come with huge portions of plantains and rice and beans. My go-to item was the cajun shrimp with yellow rice, it was totally worth the sketchy parking in north philly. Mixto is considered to be the upscale version of Tierra Columbiana, but I've been there to, and it really doesn't compare (except in price).
An old friend of mine wanted to check this place out because he had heard great things about it.  It took us forever to get to (from South Philly) but was totally worth it.  When our waiter came over to take our order, he pretended to speak no English.  He keep this going until we all had worried looks on our face then burst out laughing and spoke perfect English to us.

There were four of us, and we each ordered an entrée.  When the food arrived, there was barely enough room on the table for it all!  It was incredible.  I got some sort of stuffed steak and it was incredible. 

I haven't been back in awhile but I'm dieing for a reason to get more!
The two times I have been here, I've had great times with good company. There's a nightclub upstairs, so it isn't unusual to see people dancing in their chairs while chewing on bistec. I've sat here for dinner for over two hours, being loud and obnoxious with the people I was with. I never once felt rushed.

However, I don't really remember being blown away by food in particular. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty. The things I do remember is the moistness of the arepa and the banging taste of empanada. I do think the steaks (Argentinian and Colombian) was on the dry side. This might just be how it's supposed to be, but I've had better on the West Coast.

The neighborhood might seem rough, especially with the fluorescent lighting behind barred windows, but I frequent this area, and it's fine. You are allowed to park in the outskirts of the Rite Aid parking lot. There's a lot of foot traffic and police around. But that's being overcautious. While waiting for my friends, I was looking through the menu, and I had a very friendly gentleman give me suggestions.

The service isn't on point, but it's friendly. The food is definitely worth another try.
I was a little disappointed in Tierra Colombiana but maybe it was because I came with high expectation.  It came highly recommended from a fellow yelper and I mention it to my co-workers one had gone several times and raved about it.  So we made lunch plans.

We walked in and I was pleasantly surprised by the decor it was very nice inside.  But the great décor faded as we waited behind another customer without her or ourselves being acknowledged.  It turned out she was waiting for a large table to be set up, so she had been address but we hadn't and my coworker who been there before finally went up to the bar tender to see if they could find someone to seat us.

The menu is huge, actually so large it's a little overwhelming.  And since my co-workers were worried we'd have issues with the server like we did getting seated I ordered kind of fast.  I got the Plato Vegetariano since it had rice, bean and plantains on it.  When the food came they didn't have mine and she had to ask me what I ordered since she brought the wrong thing out, so I guess my co-workers were right to be concerned.  The plantains were amazing; I've tried to make plantains at home and can't seem to get it right.  The rice and bean were alright nothing special, same with the salad.  Everyone else seemed to really like their meals.  The portion sizes were huge.  I'd like come back an actually look over the whole menu to order better and maybe see if the service improves.
Don't be scared! I'm confused by those who have written below that this restaurant is in such a scary neighborhood- it's not, really. Sure, it is a lower-income neighborhood, but your car is not going to disappear if you enjoy a meal here for an hour. Park at the Rite-Aid across the street because it is convenient, not because you fear for its security.

Anyhoo, now to the food. A "typical" Colombian or Cuban meal (rice with some kind of protein, plantains and beans) will cost you about $12, and, considering the portions, I think that's a fair price.

I ordered rice with sausage and received a huge portion of yellow rice mixed with chopped chorizo, which was not the best and not the worst chorizo I have ever eaten in my life. The main dish was accompanied by four sweet plantains and a small bowl of well-prepared black beans. My dining companions had the vegetarian dish and the rice with shrimp. You can choose, for most dishes, whether you would like them prepared in the Cuban or Colombian style.

If I were back in Philadelphia and craving reliable, authentic Latin food in a warm and hospitable environment, I would not hesitate to return to Tierra Colombiana.
Worse service ever. Please don't let Sylvia serve you. She completely forgot our entrees. When we asked about it 30 minutes or more later she told us that she thought we already got our order. We asked for our check she forgot to bring that too. We spoke to a manager who did nothing to remedy issue. To add insult to injury we were automatically charged a 18% gratuity. We were told that covid is the reason for poor service. Covid can't be the reason when we are trying to support your business. I won't be back
Love love love!!!! Everytime I go here, I never have a bad experience and always leave completely full and satisfied. Service is amazing. Water is always constantly full and someone is always around checking up on you and seeing if you need anything. Parking is amazing bc you can park at the RiteAid lot right across the street.

My husband and I always tend to order the same thing when we come. I love sweet plaintains, so to start, I order sweet plaintains stuffed with ground beef and cheese. Mmmm, it's heaven. It's sweet and salty combined into one. Definately give it a try. Then for dinner, I get Masas de Cerdo off of the cuban specialties section. It comes with rice, cassava, cuban tamales, sweet plantains, beans, and roasted pork chunks. So full of flavor and tons of stuff on the plate so you never get tired of eating it! And I also add on a skirt steak. I never ever finish my meal, but I order it bc I like to bring it to lunch the next day. Make sure you get the hot sauce that they have (I believe it's homemade). My husband and I basically live by this hot sauce when we come here.

Check this place out!!! You will not be dissapointed. :-)
I hear that this is the exact same restaurant as Mixto (center city) except lower prices...works for me!
The food is great-the bread, avocado, rice and beans they bring as sides are fresh and tasty. My favorite dish is "ensalada de pulpo" or octopus salad. yummm i definitely recommend
Food: 2
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3
Service: 2
Value: 2.5

We expected more based on the reviews for this place. We tried a smattering of appetizers for lunch. Mostly everything was somewhat bland, and the service was also lacking. The juice smoothies and the bread basket were the best parts.
I wanted to like it more. My friends I went with said it was better last time they went, so maybe my this experience was just an anomaly. 

To start off, the bread was actually insane- my hopes were so high after eating possibly the best free bread I've ever had in my life. We got like 4 refills (they charged like 1.75 for the extra bread but it was so worth). 

Moving on to entree, I got the picada platter. Rice and beans were solid but everything else was too dry for my taste- my table went through several pitchers of water to wash it down. The chincharron was particularly dry af to the point it was difficult to chew. Plantains were okay. 

Customer service was a huge letdown. Our waiter was giving us attitude the whole time and arguing with us and forgot to bring the tostones we ordered and tried to charge for them. We told them it was my friends birthday and they didn't let us pick a dessert but just brought a piece of tres leche cake which they charged for (never heard of a restaurant that charges for bday cake but okay). Sadly, my friend is allergic to gluten and lactose. Side note, the cake was delicious and very worth, so this is more of a complaint about customer service. 

We waited like 15 min just for a menu and another 30 for the check. I honestly think it was just our particular waiter that ruined the experience as all he other staff we interacted with were so warm and helpful.
Here you can- sit at the bar, great happy hour, dine in large groups,  small groups or solo dine. Family friendly, large group friendly, dine with friends, have an event here, and they have an entire nightclub upstairs from the restaurant to party in or hold a large event in. 

Located in Philly's Latin section of North 5th street district in North Philly,  Tierra Colombiana has become a neighborhood beacon! They have created a SAFE and culturally enriched environment to experience Latin Culture for both Latinos and non Latinos alike! Expect Colombian, Cuban, Peruvian,  Dominican and Ecuadorian dishes here, in this family owned, family centered restaurant.  There is FREE secure and security patrolled parking across the street at the street end of the Rite-Aid.

My ratings are based on a scale of 1 to 5 stars, where 1 is tragic and 5 is Ouuww terrific! 
Overall ratings- 5 stars
Customer service- 4 stars BUT 5 stars at the bar tho!
Cleanliness- 4 stars
Food taste- 5 stars!
Food portions- 5 stars! 
Drinks- 5 stars! Not craft cocktails but still GREAT 
Ambiance- 4 stars but super family friendly for both children and the seniors in our lives.
Decor- 4 stars South American typical family vibes.  Like Abuela's house.
Food was very good,  the service is slow. The place was not that crowded,  we had to call over for service to order.
Every time I come here the food is more delicious then the last time. Service is okay, but not when it's packed with people, you seem to get overlooked. When you finally do get a seat the drinks and food are worth it.
Food is excellent but the service is terrible they disappear on you and don't check up on you. I had to go upfront and tell the manager
LAST AND FINAL TIME. I'll start by saying that YES the food is VERY good. This review ISN'T about the food it's the overall experience of dining out and looking for a great atmosphere. I have been to this restaurant at least 10 times but the last 5 times were the worse. Last night July 8th 2016 was my last and FINAL. Because their service has been EXTREMELY lacking as of late, the last two times including last night I purposely timed the bartenders and Waiters and it's out of control. Long story short? Last night 23 minutes waiting to order a drink for the  2 us? Only 8 people were at the bar. The others at the bar were also complaining. We walked out. The previous Time 1 hour and 5 minutes from the time we placed our order  until the time we received our food. Totally unacceptable for a non holiday / special service day. YES the food is VERY good. But being Spanish we can make these dishes at home. We're here for the service and atmosphere. Good luck 2u.
It had been a while since we last visited Tierra Columbiana, a couple of years probably.  My daughter was craving some Arroz Con Pollo and we always have fond memories of Tierra, so we made the drive up to North Philly.

The neighborhood can be a little daunting for a lily-white, suburban boy like me but every time I have been to Tierra Columbiana the people on the street and the staff of the restaurant have always been remarkably polite and friendly. Happily my car has always been there when I leave the restaurant with all windows in tact. Tierra Columbiana also tolerates my rudimentary Spanish.

Tierra Columbiana is surprisingly large inside and it always feels to me like I have been transported to Latin America upon entering. The place has this cool Spanish-Colonial vibe and most of the customers are from the Latin community. 

The menu is also massive with a great choice of Columbian, Cuban, Puerto Rican and Caribbean dishes. Everything we have had over several visits has been delicious. As I mentioned earlier, my daughter loves the Arroz Con Pollo Cubano style.  This is a tasty dish with flavorful Chicken and Rice. The portion is pretty big also; you may be bringing some home. There is something on the menu for everyone. They also have a full bar and a great selection of fruit drinks, with or without alcohol. Tierra Columbiana also has an excellent Tres Leches for dessert and their Café con Leche is fantastic. The prices are reasonable.

Absence really does makes the heart grow fonder and Tierra Columbiana did not disappoint. still charming and still delicious. Looking forward to our next trip back. The table next to us had the Argentinian skirt steak and that looked and smelled fantastic.

P.S. Beware of the complementary bread garlic butter bread. It is SO good it is easy to fill up on.
My family and I came in for dinner (party of 5) on a Wednesday. It wasn't busy at all and we ended up waiting in the "lobby" for about 5 minutes. During this time, people who worked there came to the front and didn't acknowledge us, the hostess finally came to seat us.

The bus boy came to give us our water and bread, shortly after the waiter came to take our order. A glass was missing from the table for my niece, I asked for one, and it came 15 minutes later. 

Needless to say, our orders were missing some sides and when we asked for it, they never came. 

Long story short, food was OK, service sucked. Would not recommend to anyone. 

The highlight of our evening was the busboy who gave us our water and bread, and actually made some conversation with us. He even got us our hot sauce, even though he wasn't our waiter. Thanks!
Best meal I've had in years!  You cannot go wrong with this spot.  I ordered the bistec encebollado with tostones (my favorite) and it was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The staff is very friendly, courteous and helpful.  

This place also doubles up as a salsa club on Thursday, Friday & Saturdays.  While I haven't been to dance yet, I can't imagine that it will be a disappointment considering everything I've seen thus far.
The first time I visited was about several months ago. My bestie took me here, food is delicious,  amazing drinks ambiance and crowd good. By the second visit , I guess I was a bit observant,  but the Bartender females weren't too friendly and a bit snobby in taking our order.  The 3rd time I was attempting to place a call for pick up and someone was deliberately picking up the phone and hanging up. My purpose to calling ahead for pick up is to avoid the wait. I get there and I literally watched the hosts or order girl pick up the phone and hang up on callers. So i asked why was she doing that, and thats the reason my call wasn't answered,  and her reply was that it was Uber Eats. I said NO, clearly its all customers.  After being annoyed and having to wait 30 mins for beans and shrimp, she tried to over charge me saying a random price of $19 when I know this meal is only $12 with tax because I had ordered it previously. Apparently they are getting comfortable with how they treat returning customers.  3 strikes im out . Great food, bad customer service.
The real deal. Seriously, never had a bad thing off of the menu. 

For lunch you can't go wrong with El Seco- choice of meat, rice and a side for $7. You can call ahead for pick up too. 

Last time I went for dinner I opted for the Pico de Gallo because it has a little bit of everything and again, didn't disappoint. The maduros were exactly what I wanted and the meat was cooked perfectly. 

If you stop in early enough make sure to have one of their coffees, but if you're in later then one of their cocktails definitely won't disappoint. 

Hard to go wrong with anything you order at Tierra Colombiana!!
This place has changed for the worse.  The food and the alcoholic beverages are no longer exceptional.  Menu items have changed - food is over cooked and seems to be overly seasoned.  

No longer offer their signature El Coqui - Cuban Rum Punch that was a staple especially among more mature audiences and would knock anyone's socks off.  In fact, the waitresses and bartenders behave as if they've never heard of the drink before.  The mango margarita now has a horrible taste and now served with an orange garnish instead of their signature slice of mango.  What happened to Santiago - one of if not the best bartenders in Philadelphia! 

All of my years patronizing this establishment,  I could never fathom that a time would come in which the authenticity of this restaurant would become  compromised.

Nevertheless, I don't believe that I will ever set foot in this place again!
TC was recommended to us by the staff at Taller Puertorriqueno for lunch after our field trip visit and I couldn't be more pleased with this recommendation. Prior to our arrival the management worked with the lead chaperone to help plan our visit since we would be bringing a group of 15 people for lunch. After several positive conversations it was decided to have lunch served family style to the group, with the students choosing the entrées and food prior.  

Upon arrival at the restaurant our table was ready and as soon as we sat down the servers were very prompt with soda and coffee selections, followed by the prompt serving of the appetizers. The main course followed in a timely manner and ended with a delicious piece of tres leches cake.   The food was very flavorful/delicious! We were able to sample empanadas, Caesar salad, ropa vieja beef, lemon butter chicken, cuban black beans/rice, and plantains. The food was hot, delicious and plentiful.  The servers regularly offered to fill the plates if we wanted more to eat.  

I always fret about taking a large group out to eat because guaranteed something will occur that will cause disappointment.  Tierra Columbiana proved me wrong because the entire lunch went off without a single issue! This is a reflection on the professionalism of the management, servers, and kitchen staff! Nice Job!
I FINALLY made it to this place! The service was good, I got the Viejo Ropa, black bean soup, and a strawberry smoothie with milk. The brisket was too tough for me but everything tasted good.
I started with an amazing passion fruit mojito which set my expectations high. I ordered the ropa vieja and my friend had the stuffed chicken from the Dominican menu. Both were absolutely delicious. Nothing was too salty but had plenty of the right spices and seasoning. I recommend both dishes
