When I moved to Philly, all the long-timers told me to wander over to Tiffin because it was the best in the neighborhood. Unfortunately, it's been trading on it's past reputation because the quality is spiraling downward with the occasional brief break above the surface into respectability.

Sometimes the food is great: it comes with a big tub of rice, plenty of curry, a complimentary dollop of dal, and free pickles (yum!). Other times, your free dal is watery and gross, your big tub of rice is mysteriously smaller even when you've ordered more, and your order is incomplete.

The number of times I have ordered an item only to be told, "Oh, we don't have that anymore." is unimpressively large. Then why do you have it on your menu?! It sure sounds like the restaurant was great a few years ago.

On the other hand, when it's good - it's really damn good.

But they commit a CARDINAL SIN: cheating the customer. Whenever you order, check your credit card statement! There have been MULTIPLE TIMES they have either overcharged us, double-charged us, or charged us an amount DIFFERENT from what was on the menu (for instance: ordered Naan priced at $2.50; when I checked the receipt later they charged $3. etc etc).

I like the food and it's really close, but I can't go there anymore. I'm sick of dealing with the incorrect billing and the dramatically inconsistent quality.
We waited about two hours for our delivery on Sunday night. Good thing we ordered fairly early in the evening or I would have been one hangry lady. After a call to the restaurant, someone assured us that the driver was nearby. We had our order about five minutes later. 

Rather than going for Indian, we tried some of the "Indo Chinese" selections instead. I'd say they were very similar to some of Han Dynasty's offerings, with just a hint of Indian spices. The two dishes we tried were both good (chicken in hot garlic sauce and chicken in kung pao sauce). We ordered one mild and one medium and I thought both were pretty spicy, especially for my weakling palate. We received two containers of basmati rice along with the order. 

While I might try Tiffin again, I probably won't go the delivery route.
dear tiffin,

alas, you will never ever hear from me again.

your food is good, but your service was subpar.

so first off, my sister (who is from out of town) accidentally called your mt airy store.  45 minutes later, our food wasn't here.  she called and the answer was "you called the wrong store".  so why did nobody call us back when you realized that mistake?  

but now our hearts are set on indian food, so we call your nolibs store.

over an hour later, our food arrives.  it's not warm anymore, and i'm so irritated we gave the delivery guy a 2.50 tip.
he calls my sister's cell phone and says that customers normally give him at least 10% of the bill (our bill was $31, in case if you were wondering) and wanted more money!!

seriously?  how can a place hire a driver like that?

never again tiffin, never again.
Any vegan person should be done w tiffin. 

I went today with my mom after not having been in a long time. The server straight up told me there is butter in everything, chicken stock in the rice - and my "vegan" go to dish the bharta was taken off the menu. 

This isn't even a vegan beware anymore - this is a completely non vegan establishment.

the reason for the downgrade is that they used to accommodate and they would make dishes without butter. apparently they do not do that anymore.

the place also smelled like the AC was broken and it was stuffy as anything. it was hard to even sit inside there.
When it first opened, I was obsessed with Tiffin. But the quality of the food is just okay, you definitely get what you pay for here. 

Although I am grateful they deliver to my hood, it usually takes forever to get my food. As in, we need to order before we actually get hungry or else we'll be starving by the time it comes. The delivery people are always nice and apologize if the food is late.

The Chicken Vindaloo is nice and spicy, this is probably my favorite entree. The runny Baingan Bharta looks like it has been put through a food processor, which is strange. Saag Paneer, usually my favorite dish, is just okay. Tiffin's doesn't have as much cheese as I like and it isn't very smooth. 

I love that they include a side dish, it is always a pleasant surprise to try something new. Once they sent chicken soup that almost put my mother's to shame (almost, mom, just almost). But the condiments leave something to be desired, especially the mango chutney.

I recommend not ordering nan if you're getting delivery because it tends to be a bit soggy by the time you get it. Instead I keep some in my freezer, it takes only a minute or two to heat up in the oven.
Whoever let this baby grace the streets of Philadelphia deserves a hand job, and a good one. It really has kicked everything else out of the water (where the hell did I get that expression). In any case, I ordered the Sagg Paneer which featured a smooth densely flavorful spinach curry and buttery paneer. My friend got a chickpea dish which wasn't quite as good, but it's hard to beat Sagg Paneer. The atmosphere was also nice, not a hole in the wall feel, the nann was floury, and the service was attentive.

So hopefully that person has gotten a hand job by now because I certainly got enough foodgasms while eating at his/her restaurant. Congrats!
I (finally) signed up just so that I could write a glowing review for this restaurant. It is seriously good stuff. I am mostly disappointed that no one has yet mentioned the Malai Kofta. These dumplings in sauce made with cashew cream are divinely delicious. I could wax poetic for some time, but  will leave it at that. The Saag Paneer is also fantastic and a beautiful green color with a very fresh flavor.

I can also highly recommend Dal Makhani (I think my next-door neighbor eats this at least once a week) and Aloo Gobhi, but stay away from the Aloo Vindaloo unless you can tolerate incredibly spicy foods.

One odd thing- I swear the Fish Kail Mirch (an appetizer) was completely different the two times I ordered it. The first time it was whole pieces of fish, nicely spiced; the second it was disappointingly flavored mushy fried patties.

I agree with the other comments about decor- it's not got the nicest ambiance. But hey, delivery is fast, the food is still hot, and you don't even have to leave your living room. Highly recommended.
When we moved to Philly, I was worried about being able to find good Indian food in the land of hoagies, whiz and Tastykake, but Tiffin has saved the day.  They turn out delicious and affordable food that's prepared with obvious care and attention.

As with most places, there are some hits and misses, but we really love the Butter Chicken, Chana Masala, and Aloo Gobhi.  I'm not thrilled with the Samosas and the Nan is usually soggy from sitting around before it gets home (even when we pick up), but those are really minor issues, compared to the relief of finding delicious Indian food nearby.
it is with great sadness i remove one star.  i don't know if they are overworked with the opening of the new location or just got too busy and are pandering to the average eater now, but my food was not spicy and rather bland compared to tiffin orders of the past.

i am going to give them the benefit of the doubt, and try them one more time to see if they were having an 'off' week - however that was really a three-star meal i had. 

tiffin, get it together!  remember what made you so popular, and i hope you can get back to that.  indian food across philly, at least everything i've tried, has ranged from bland to terrible.  the western suburbs (wayne, paoli) have MUCH better indian food options, and i work in that area so i won't hesitate to satisfy my indian food cravings elsewhere if need be!
I'm an Indian who loves spicy food and I have been searching for the best Indian food in the city.  Sadly, 90% are oily Americanized North Indian buffets.  Tiffin, on the other hand is VERY close to what I'm looking for.

First of all, they deliver, to almost anywhere.  You won't get the cute little metal tiffins you get in India, but plastic tubs aren't so bad.  I've never had it delivered, so I'm not sure about any delivery issues.  I eat in the restaurant which is fairly small.  If you sit on the first floor you can see the kitchen so you know they're actually making their food.  My dishes of choice are garlic naan, Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala.  I have never been to a place that made vindaloo even close to being right, let alone this spicy.  It is extremely spicy, too much for me sometimes, so I wonder how non-spice eaters handle it.  The CTM is nice and creamy, although since it tastes so good it's probably really bad for me with all the cream.  But it's worth it once in a while.  The servings are big enough that I have to take some home, which is always a good thing.  The only mistake I made was ordering Kulfi once.  They try to be fancier around dinner time and charged me way too much for frozen condensed milk and pistachios.  Though I imagine if I ordered that at a place like Bindi it'd be 2x as much.

This places is a tad pricey for most people who are used to cheap Indian food, but it tastes much better than most of those places.  The food can definitely be spicy, so I'm not sure what people are talking about with "no flavor."
Not really sure what all the poor reviews are about because Tiffin was rippin HEAT from their kitchen. We ordered from Uber Eats and everything was on time and ready to down. 

What we snagged:
-Chicken Tikka Masala (Chicken SO tender!)
-Masoor Dahl (Best dish of all) 
-Garlic Nan (SO big and flavorful)

Both dishes came with rice and were super flavorful. Will 100% be ordering again and can't wait. This place is the real deal for quick and flavorful Indian food. 

Will say that many reviews have issues with calling in and ordering. Maybe get with the 21st century and Uber Eats?
To quote Veronica Corningstone from Anchorman, "God no, it smells like, like a used diaper... filled with... Indian food."  If Indian food were any grosser looking, I'd still love it - especially if it's from Tiffin.

I recently took a trip to London which to my surprise was the Curry Capital of England.  I was shocked at how many Indian restaurants there were - literally two or three to a city block... maybe that's an exaggeration - but a lot.  We tried a few out there and none compared to Tiffin.

I've never ordered and had it delivered, but apparently it's so ridiculously busy that the man on the phone will tell you, "Ok, give it about an hour and a half."  If I'm craving it, I need it faster, so I always pick it up.

The pricing is fair, maybe a little on the high end for ordering take out but everything is so delicious that it's worth it.  My suggestion - Lamb Saag.  If you're worried about the price or have been to Tiffin a few times and want to try other Indian food, go to New Dehli.  It's at 40th and Walnut, 10% student discount, $11 per person buffet and the deserts are like none I've ever had.  We usually get the honey balls... probably because I think it's funny that I ask for balls for desert.  Man... I'll never grow up.
Finally I have experienced Tiffin. It wasn't bad, it wasn't fabulous, but it was pretty good. 

I did the online ordering (which was very easy) and a very friendly, nicely dressed gentleman dropped it off at my work.

I had the malai kofta lunch special (my indian obsession) and naan. The malai kofta was alot different then the others I have had - it had whole cashew nuts in it-and the sauce was awesome.  We got all kinds of rice, vegetables, beans and sauces too. Tons of food!!

Prices were reasonable and overall I was happy with the whole experience. If they delivered to the roxborough area I'd probably be getting take out all the time :)
I'm writing this from the perspective of a take-out customer since I have never actually been to the restaurant(s).

My name is Pat and I am a Tiffinaholic.  I admit it.  I just can't stay away.

I started ordering from Tiffin for lunch almost as soon as word was out that they did this cool lunch thing called "tiffins".  Modeled after a lunch-time practice in India, It's a set meal consisting of 3 dishes plus basmati rice and a few accompaniments (relishes).  Each day they offer 3 different tiffins:  there is a common vegetable dish, a common dahl and a main dish that is different -- you can select from one of 2 vegetarian dishes or one meat dish.  The cost is $7.50 for veg and $8.50 for meat.

You used to be able to order just a single tiffin, but I think the high price of gas, plus the fact that many people weren't even tipping the delivery people, made them put a $15 minimum on delivery.  That means you either need to order with someone else & get 2 tiffins, or increase your order by adding a side dish, a bread, an app or even just by ordering a regular meal instead of a tiffin.  You can order by phone, or you can order on their website.  I find it really convenient to order on the web site.  I even pay for it (including the tip, if I wish), via PayPal.  That way, when the food is delivered, all I have to to is meet the delivery person, smile, and begin drooling -- no wasted time fumbling for cash.

I work in center city (west), between Suburban and 30th Street Stations.  You can pick your lunch delivery "window" as 11-12 or 12-1.  No matter which I choose, it usually gets there noonish.  Since I work in a high-rise, the driver calls me about 2 minutes out so I can just pop on down to the lobby to fetch my lunch.  I have even ordered for later in the day, and ordered a "feast" to take home on the train for dinner.  My husband likes Indian food, but my daughter will KILL for it, so it's usually a party when I bring it home.  The down side is that I need to put up with stares on the train because the aroma tends to waft through the car and cause spontaneous IFFs (Indian Food Fits) amongst the other passengers.  I find it's also wise to have another bag I can put the Tiffin bag into just to avoid leakage.

The food is awesome.  It is spicy, so be forewarned  (my tolerance for spicy food is not as great as it used to be).  They will not adjust the spice on the tiffin meals, probably because they are making them in bulk and Indian food has layered spices -- you can't just add a dash of hot sauce at the end to take it up a notch.  Be careful to check your order.  They are a lot better than they used to be, but sometimes an item is missing, sometimes they forget to give you a plate or plasticware.  If you do find a glitch, just call them and they will do their best to make it right.

Whether you just want a treat at lunch that will drive your coworkers crazy with the smell, or want to make an event of it by getting a bunch of people to order at the same time, give Tiffin a try.  They post their new weekly menu on Sunday, so you can check out the website on Sunday night to get your juices flowing for the week to come.  They also have monthly app and main dish specials.  I have found that they are branching out more and more lately with different dishes, probably as the result of input from a new chef, therefore they repeat old favorites, but also have some very interesting new things.  Now they've added a "Tiffin card" that you can sign up for, promising deals like "a Tiffin and a movie", a free meal on your birthday, and other stuff.  You can be the first in your neighbor hood or cube farm to have one!

If you see the Mango Chicken or Butter Chicken, jump on it!  You won't be sorry!

www.tiffin.com
the best thing about tiffin: when the wind is blowing just right, i can smell them from my front door.  it is so comforting to know that good food is this close.

i recently returned from india and london (best indian food outside of india allegedly) and tiffin stacks up pretty well against any food i had in either place.  nothing else in philadelphia does.  (the western suburbs have two places i'd recommend, but that's about it for the greater phila area)  now if someone could only come up with a local place that does southern indian as well.

things i could not live without: 
aloo papri chaat
paneer tikka masala
south indian shrimp curry

honorable mention: 
veg samosas
malai kofta
Since first ordering from Tiffin in April 2008, each experience gets more disappointing. Yes, some items are really delicious, but many are not--too watered down, too cold, etc.  Today, my order was completely wrong--the main tiffin item and a side was completely missing, on top of being delivered 40 min after my 11-12pm window. And, again, everything was cold. So, I had a bland lunch of cold rice, beans, and 2 packages of spicy pickles. Great.....................

They just lost a customer, and they can keep my $7.50 credit--anyone want it?
"Curried Pigskin" is the name for my newest tradition. Watching playoff football while enjoying Indian delivery! weird maybe, but what could be better than watching competitive football, on a cold winters night, with spicy flavorful food delivered to your door. 
I have been thinking about ordering from Tiffin for a while now. I was a little worried about the distance to SWCC, but heard they do indeed deliver that far. 
Tiffin has a well organized web site for ordering, and it tells you exactly when to expect your food. You can pay on credit card or cash on delivery. 
I enjoyed the chicken vindaloo and saag paneer entrees with raita on the side. The nan was a bit chewy, and I am not sure if it just didn't travel well. Ordered the food medium spicy, but could have gone a notch higher. 
The order came with a taste of dal, chutney and pickles, a nice touch. 
If you are on the other side of the city, I suggest ordering before you are starving, delivery could take up to an hour. 
Quality Indian food delivered to your door was such a treat, I am considering a new tradition "Tandoori Puck" anyone?
I rarely give super negative reviews but guys COME ON. I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala (not what I ordered but it happen np) and the portion was sized for a five year old! I mean I've had appetizers with more of the actual meat I ordered, and for fifteen bucks, not cool guys, not cool. There is definitely loads of rice and sauce though.
Perhaps they just weren't having a very good Monday, but I doubt I'll be coming back.
I ate in at Tiffin for the first time with a bunch of people. We sat upstairs, which is a spare but nice space with its exposed brick walls and photos of India. It was quiet enough to talk to everyone at the table, which I appreciated.

Eager and hungry, we started off with two orders of all the vegetarian appetizers and then some - samosas (excellent, but how can you go wrong with a samosa), chat (just one variety here, but it's tasty) and onion bhaji. My fish eating friends said the kali mirch was bangin (end quote).

Main course was a big old paneerfest. I think Tiffin's paneer is the best in the city - creamy, chewy, with just the right amount of firmness. Saag paneer was smooth and spinacious (I made that one up), if a little underspiced. Paneer tikka masala was just right, and the malai kofta was dense and rich with a subtly flavored cashew sauce. I also enjoyed the sweet, layered peshawari naan. 

So, after all of us had gorged ourselves, the time came to look at the bill. A friend took Price Is Right-style bids - how much for an unreasonable number of appetizers and main dishes for everyone? The lowball $1 bet won by a lot, and we all left full and happy with leftovers and more money than we expected.
Firstly please note that this is my first review EVER on yelp because it is THAT important for me to share my experience regarding the decline in quality of this particular Tiffin restaurant - specifically their Curry Sauces. I have been ordering regularly from this branch for over 5 years and had been extremely satisfied until about a year ago when a supposed Chicken Tikka Masala was delivered with the consistency of water. I called my dear Tiffin restaurant to ask if there was a change in kitchen staff to which he responded "no". I dictated my issue and that this has never happened before to which he responded "what do you want us to do about it now?". I was in a bit of shock but because this was my first terrible experience I let them slide. 

Then a few months later I had friends visit from out of town so i hoped that my last experience was a one time thing and decided to go ahead and order the same food - AGAIN the same problem. I was mortified. It was as though they neglected quality all together. 

For the last time I ordered the same food this past weekend and again I received a sauce (not curry) that I could have easily prepared myself. It was as thin as water and plain in taste. I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM THIS BRANCH AGAIN. You lost a loyal customer as a result of apparent decline in the quality of food you serve your customers coupled with your low quality customer service!
Unfortunately have to update my review.... The first few times I had this, it was was really good - and I was starved for great Indian food.  After several more times, I became more and more disappointed.  The chicken tikka masala was several times excessively greasy (pools of oil floating.... not the normal way, I understand it's not a diet dish, but I eat this all time).  Twice with delivery times over an hour and a half (quoted, and then longer to arrive).  
Sorry, Tiffin, I had to find a new love.
**Please note that I would have given 0 stars if I could have, and that this review is a reflection of the online system and store staff since I never got my food**

Really disappointed to write this review -- have heard so many great things about Tiffin and today was the day that I was finally going to try them out. The menu looked great and the prices were reasonable, as advertised on the website! What was not as advertised, however, was the ability to "online order and delivery". 

What's ironic is that the website provides a very nice order tracker. What's not nice is that I've been able to see that my meal has been ready for an hour and it's still not here. Does not really make the meal feel appetizing.

After speaking with the delivery person, who was admittedly very friendly and apologetic, I reached out to the store to understand how this could have happened, given I placed my order at 5:40 and we're now tracking 2 hours of waiting, I expected a reasonable understanding of my disappointment and was greeted with what started as friendly service and ended with her hanging up on me. Really not the right way to approach a hopeful repeat customer. I thought I had found my indian restaurant of choice here, and I see I will have to continue searching.
Is someone going to attempt writing a bad review for Tiffin?  Well, that person definitely won't be me, because I absolutely adore this place!  This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city, without a doubt.  The food is so fragrant and satisfying that I find it difficult not stopping in for takeout every single night.  The proportions are perfect and the prices are very reasonable.  In fact, I don't understand why I'm not there right at this moment.  Excuse me, I have to go place my order...
Stopped by Tiffin on the way home from work last night to pick up some dinner. The food was organized very well and even labeled. (Even came with condiments in their own small containers). My boneless lamb was excellent and just spicy enough. 

Their website is VERY informative and you can even place your order on there.

Will definitely be getting this in the future and hopefully turning some people onto it.
Firstly, the wifey is South Indian and we're kind of Indian food snobs.  

Second: delivery Indian food.  God bless Philadelphia.

So I never thought that an Indian restaurant that was so f-ing popular among white people would be legitimately good Indian.  I was wrong.  This really is a solid restaurant.  They offer a great selection of both northern and southern dishes.  They vary their menu regularly.  They offer a lot of great fish dishes which most places don't.  Also, their staple dishes (tikka masala, curry, vindaloo) are all pretty tasty.

Downsides: some of the sauces could be a little heavier/thicker.  Also, when you order "spicy" it doesn't come super spicy so if you have an iron stomach make sure you let them know that so that they add some extra kick for you.
The first time we ordered from Tiffin was fairly uneventful. We ordered for a large group on a Friday night (not a holiday). It was a little late and a few of the things spilled in the bag creating a huge mess. Honestly, I'm pretty forgiving so I didn't make a huge fuss.

However, the second time was much worse. We ordered food for Valentine's Day at around 11am this morning. Got the email confirmation shortly after for food delivery between 7-7:30. I understand that it's Valentine's day and that they probably have a ton of orders. I was under the impression that they had done business on holidays before and have plans for these types of situations. I guess not! 

We called around 8 and the phone line was busy. Tried again at about 8:20pm, and we reached someone. I explained that we had placed an order earlier in the day and we were wondering where it was. He confirmed my phone number and address, and said "We don't deliver there". This is when I kind of lost it. After flipping out a little, he confirmed that we do have an order placed, that the delivery time was an hour and a half tonight, and that it was in the car on its way. He also told us that they would never deliver to us again because we're a block south of Washington. Yay!

And then we waited. For a while. The worst was the waiting; we were told it was in the car on its way, but when 20 and then 30 minutes went by, well, it was maddening! Had we known, we would have made dinner and saved it for lunch. 

We finally called again a little after 9pm. And again, they had no idea who we were, even after taking our name and number. Finally, I dug up the order number from that morning and they found the order. After about 5 minutes on the phone looking for the order and talking to the delivery man, they confirmed it was 2-3 minutes away. The person on the phone, who was clearly a different person than I was speaking to before, told us that next time we order, they'll give us a free samosa and naan. Um, thanks for nothing? The food arrived, lukewarm, at around 9:15pm. Happy Valentine's Day! Can you guess how much we tipped them?
If I had to pick the best Indian food I have had in Philadelphia to date, this would definitely take the cake. I uploaded a couple of pictures taken from dinner but apologies for the already half eaten Samosa and Onion Bhaji - priorities of eating beat out the camera.

The Samosa was good, not the best ever - a bit mushy and somewhat bland, but still quite good. The onion bhaji was good but a bit greasy. We ordered the Chicken Kali Mirch and the Goan Fish Curry special for our entrees. The Chicken Kali Mirch was my favorite and had a fabulous kick. It was potentially even better the second day - I loooove when that happens! My brother and friend adored the Goan Fish Curry which had a lighter spice but a great peanut buttery texture and taste that was spot on. I would have liked a slightly stronger kick but that's just me. Also, Tiffin is BYOB so be sure to bring something along with you!

The ambiance (oh yeah, I said it) was awesome -- once you get inside. I absolutely love the upstairs with its exposed brick and huge doors. Don't be thrown off when you are looking for the place and parking as it's not in the best of areas and is sort of sitting alone on a dark area of Girard.

Also of importance were the prices, it was totally reasonable. The three of us had enough food for both dinner and two lunches the next day and spent $40! Thank you Tiffin, I will definitely be returning.
My consumption of butter chicken, naan, and cauliflower is but a blur of hand over fist shoveling into mouth.  It is the best Indian food I've ever eaten.  Five stars is almost an insult.

High quality food, large portions, low prices, and occasional "extras" thrown in with your order (I received a side order of lentils which are out of this world).  

They will deliver in the traditional "tiffin" style for lunch or dinner, or you can order take out or dine in.  It's worth the hike to Northern Liberties.

I ordered one meat dish, one vegetarian dish, rice and naan.  There was enough food for 2-3 meals.  Everything is nicely labeled in the containers.  And did I mention the delicious blend of savory goodness?

I can't wait to go back.  Maybe tomorrow.

Edit: I did go back within a week and had the chicken tikka masala (I know I know not a real Indian dish like chop suey is to Chinese)-- IT WAS DELISH.  GO NOW.
Had lunch at Tiffin today - veggie samosas, saag paneer, chicken korma and lamb chops - which were perfectly seasoned - so flavorful I stopped mid-bite and gave a thumbs-up to the chef.  

My real reason for posting is exciting news - the owner said that they are opening the upstairs for dinner as of next week.  I got a chance to see the space - its really nice, a huge improvement over the downstairs.  Apparently the 1st floor is going to be dedicated to the take-out and delivery business and some grocery retail (for example spices imported from India).  Anyway, exciting news for one of my new favorite places in Philly!
holy crap.  this is probably the only reason i would ever want to live in philly.  hands down the best curry i've had in the east coast.  can't wait to devour another one of their curries next time i'm in town!  also, it's freaking BYOB!  totally awesome...yeah...you should go there.
My girlfriend and I ordered take out from Tiffin for the first time last night. We got Paneer Makhani and some naan (one garlic order and one cheese order). The main dish was certainly good enough but no where near the best I've had. Interestingly, I haven't really had a GREAT Paneer Makhani dish in Philadelphia yet. Tiffin and Ekta are both good but no where close to Cafe Bombay in Bristol and Indian Garden in Yardley. 

The naan was also pretty good, especially when dipped into the makhani sauce. 

Overall, I would say it definitely suffices if you have a craving for Indian.
Based on its reviews (and raves from friends), I expected a great meal at Tiffin.  Sadly the food was only average.  The rice was kind of dry, the sauces were a bit watery and the flavor was pretty mediocre.  I have eaten at several Indian restaurants in the city that are far superior, albeit more pricey. It's worth trying once - but not more than that. Next time I have a hankering for Indian, I'll hit the Palace at the Ben, which never lets me down!
Yeah !!! Indian food delivered right to your door (by a cute guy) right in fishtown..... wow- times have changed. Tiffin is awesome, you can order online or call (duh) and pay for it by credit card you know sometimes you just don't have the cash but you need yourself some chicken tikka. Great food, if my daughter had her way, we would get it every damn day. Our favorite Chicken Tikka Masala is so rich creamy savory and just the right spiciness. Save the sauce for naan dipping - pure heaven!
I was a big fan of Tashan, and was very disappointed when it was closed. But Tiffin, its more casual and affordable sibling, is doing a good job. My review is for the Girard Avenue location, which in my opinion has the best kitchen of all Indian restaurants in the region, including all other branches of Tiffin.

This location is nothing fancy. It is more of a takeout and delivery place, although there are a couple of tables to dine in. But if you are a food lover, and only interested in the flavour and authenticity of the food, then this is the place to be!

The prices may seem a little dear for take out Indian food, but the quality would give you no complains. All entrées come with a complementary serving of white rice, daal (lentils), and 2 pickles (one is red onion and the other is their absolutely delicious mango chutney). This place currently serves the most genuine Indian food in the Greater Philadelphia region!

I can't comment on their delivery practices as I stay out of the city limits, but I am sure their logistics would be fine as they are really huge on delivering.

I would have given them 5 stars, if I was not born and raised in India, and I were not cooking Indian food for myself regularly. Let's be real, very few restaurants can actually recreate the magic of home cooked food! So for all practical purposes, consider this review as a 5 star!
My boyfriend and I ordered delivery from Tiffin for dinner last night, and it was really, really good.  It's hard to find good Indian food.  It arrived fresh, hot, labeled (so we knew whose dish was whose), and on time.  They don't have the best Indian food I've ever eaten, but it was pretty darn good - probably the best I've had in Philly.

My boyfriend got a spicy lamb dish, and I got chicken korma.  We also got these really yummy appetizers - fried dumplings stuffed with raisins and such.  Good stuff.  My chicken korma was good, but it was not what I was expecting.  It was more like spicy tikka masala than the usual korma - it was spicy and orange rather than the tan color that korma usually is.  It was good nonetheless, though.  The onion naan was also delicious.  I'll definitely order food from Tiffin again.

You can also order online, which is cool.

UPDATE: This is the best Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and they have branches now in Mt. Airy, Elkins Park, and Wynnewood, in addition to their initial restaurant on Girard Ave.  I would eat this every day if I could, especially the butter chicken!
Went here on a Wednesday night and wasn't sure what to expect. I'd heard it had good Indian food so 3 of us decided to share garlic naan, butter chicken, and chicken biryani. The food was absolutely delicious and I definitely didn't see that coming. All the portions were pretty generous and we left feeling full and content. A bit out of the way in terms of location but would definitely order take-out from here in the future!
Best Indian food west of Bombay. Delivery is killer too, but ya gotta order WAY in advance...Put on that Bollywood record, grab a sari and get your groove on...
Excited to try this out for months, but not thrilled with my meal. I'm not an expert in Indian food, but having eaten a whole lot of it, I can say with confidence that I have had much worse and much better than what Tiffin offers.

They delivered out to GradHo, which was great. The delivery came just when they said it would. Best item of the haul, by far, was baigan bharta. I have high standards for this dish and Tiffin exceeded them. It's light, spicy, and amazing. The lamb saag was terrific, but loses points for being so light on lamb. For $12, I want to see more than three tiny scraps of meat. The biggest disappointment was butter chicken: bland and consisting mostly of gravy. For the money, there was hardly any chicken to be found.  I was similarly let down by the breads. The tandoori roti was chewy, as though it had been microwaved. A paratha was better, but not by much.

I'd order again, but would stick to the vegetarian offerings.
I ordered Tiffin for dinner tonight online. If you want dinner, you need to order by 2pm (for delivery at either the 5-6pm or 6-7pm slots). I had one of their "tiffin" - essentially a meal set, and then one of their "appetizers." Unfortunately their appetizers don't have the other assortment of side dishes that the tiffin has. I should note that this was enough for 2 people, although in a perfect world, I would have ordered two tiffins to ensure we were stuffed.

The dishes are tasty - not the best Indian I've ever had, but definitely the best I've had in Philly. Their delivery was as promised (as in on time), and the delivery man was actually very nice and courteous (I was expecting a hurried guy with a gruff attitude, but he actually took time to say hello and goodbye!). Of course, since he was delivering multiple orders to all the customers out in University City, my meal was a bit less than piping hot by the time it got to me.

Still, I would order again, and it's nice being able to hide in your house during this bitter Philly winter while enjoying heartwarming Indian food.
I used to love Tiffin, and then my husband and I ate in and were served frozen samosa appetizers, when we questioned it we were met with almost no remorse and just general bad service, so we stopped eating there. Fast forward to the new menu offerings... 

It was like deja vu. The new Indo-Chinese menu was perfection the first time I ordered. Or, well so I thought. Turns out they messed up the order and gave us the manchurian sauce with the paneer and the garlic sauce with the cauliflower. So the next time we ordered the garlic sauce/paneer combo we were not happy to see the oily weird sauce that had been with our cauliflower. MInd you this sauce is marked as "hot" on the menu. Nothing remotely hot about it. 

I was also super bummed to see that the green curry was WHITE, unlike the last time I ordered it when it was actually green and lit my mouth up in the most delicious way. This order was just bland and practically curry free.There was also something off about the Malai Kofta. 

The food was so awful that I actually took it back to the restaurant (we'd picked it up) and asked for my money back. After standing there for fifteen minutes they finally acknowledged me. When I explained that the curry was non-existant, the garlic sauce  mishap and the eh Malai Kofta they focused on the Malai Kofta and asked their chef to taste it, then told me it was fine. Ok, great what about the white curry sauce? No acknowledgement, the mixup on the sauces the first time that led us to believe we were ordering one thing and not the other. Whatever. We placed an order at Ekta while waiting for the refund. Too bad, because when Tiffin is good they are amazing, but when they are bad they are beyond terrible. I won't be back, not worth the risk.
Just to get this out of the way, in response to Nate's review, you can order anything from Tiffin at anytime. If you want a piece of their pre-planned Tiffin Menu of the night, you have to order it in advance. But they also have a regular menu -- you can find it online if you scroll down on the home page and click on "Tiffin Store". Yes, I know, and I agree, the site is super confusing (-1 star), but the food is so good that I can't help but be forgiving.

I've never actually eaten in the restaurant, but I've gotten delivery at my father's pad in Fairmount many-a-time (we've only ordered from the "store" menu, since neither of us are good at pre-planning), and they've pretty much destroyed Indian food for me. And I mean in the way that Saad's has ruined falafel. It's close to perfect. 

It all tastes so fresh, and unlike most other Indian joints, it won't weigh you down -- you might actually be able to do something afterwards that doesn't involve napping! The prices are typical for this kind of fair and so are the portion sizes. I highly recommend any of their lamb dishes. The lamb is so tender!  The saag dishes are pretty fantastic, too.

Yeah, but them not delivering past 46th is some hot mess bull. Where's the love, Tiffin? If they expanded their hearts...er, delivery circumference, I guarantee it would become the weekly delivery feast of our household.
Has anyone got a poppadom the size of Lake Michigan? This stuff is really good. In some nerdy circles I may be known as the Vinadaloo Beast (half psychotic woman, half Indian vindaloo). 

I often fancy a spicy vindaloo and Tiffin delivers to my South Philly hood. It's a nice little deal we have worked out. Well, this is how I came to try Tiffin. 

As I repeat constantly, I request that our dishes be made extra, extra hot and spicy. I dug my chicken vindaloo, though next time I may hafta to add some additional pleas for EXTRA hot. Supper tasty in any case. Juicy chunks of chicken seemed screamingly white in contrast to the bright red vinegary vindaloo. Mmmm. I also appreciated some tastes of my pal's tikka masala and lamb saag as well. Tasty, tasty as well.

Order extra garlic naan so that no sauces are abandoned. 

We just always get samosas too, cause I'm so conditioned that way. Tiffin's are alright. Our dishes came with "an accompaniment of the day." It was a mysteriously mild lentil dish. 

Normally I'm actually more prone to ordering a feast of many Indian vegetarian main courses. I love vegetables and the wonderful ways that they're prepared throughout the different regions of India. (I lived on Indian food during my many vegetarian years!) So, I'll certainly need to try the some of my ole gobhi aloo and baingan bharta style favorites from Tiffin soon. And I will... 

Delivery Indian food is dope.
My Tiffin habit is getting to be an addiction. We haven't had any issues with the food or the service, so I'm surprised to see some of the negative reviews. We do both delivery and takeout and the food is always hot and freshly prepared, and the employees are always very polite. Our go to orders include the chili chicken appetizer, the malai kofta, saag paneer or butter masala.
Pricey and mediocre.  I'm lucky to be closer to West Philly joints that are cheap and soooo good they make me crave Indian food daily.  

I feel like it's a starter restaurant for people scared of Indian food.  So if you're a beginner, go for it, it's not bad.  It's just not that good.
Hands down my favorite Indian food in the city so far. I've only gotten delivery so I can't speak to the in store experience, but everything was so nicely packaged in its little plastic containers that it was almost worth it just for that. The meal came with a few different kinds of chutneys and condiments, and lovely basmati rice.

The samosas were crunchy on the outside, soft, tender and spicy on the inside, and the chicken vindaloo was fabulous. ACTUALLY spicy, not just "spicy." My mouth was a little hot after ripping apart the tender chunks of chicken, stewed with (red peppers?) The whole meal was highly satisfying, and one serving was enough for two people, with the appetizers.

A bit pricey but totally worth it. I'm just waiting for an excuse to order again!
I love Indian food and Tiffin delivers to fishtown, so it has become my default.  A big downside to ordering from them is delivery usually takes over an hour - so remember to think ahead, or eat at the restaurant for an expedited experience. 

I recommend the Lamb Saag or Chicken Vindaloo, but suggest avoiding the Kheer.  

PS- If you eat at the restaurant, I also recommend you try and get seating upstairs.  The hardwood floors and exposed brick are a lot more pleasant to dwell within than the IKEA décor below.
Sigh...It is with a heavy heart that I do what needs to be done. Pan Tiffin. 

Tiffin has been a staple in our lives. But the last few times we ordered have been horrendous (I think four times counts as a representative sample, no?). Tonight we waited over 2 hours for our food. Mirroring our last delivery time frame. And when the rice is the best part of the meal, it is time to move on. The chana masala needed SALT. And the aloo gobi was just greasy and tasteless. And despite calling back and making sure that we requested "hot," our food was neither hot nor really seasoned. Again, sigh. I can't write anymore. The pain is just to great. 

It is time to move on...

No, don't try and stop me, Tiffin. It's you not me.
Tiffin has officially gone off the deep end.  Chicken Tikka Masala with naan. $18?  Before tip.  It's peasant food / delivery.  Combined with the fact delivery is almost always a disaster.  2+ hour waits.  Wrong items over half the time.  Drivers who sit in their cars and want you to run to them?   No thanks.  We have other choices.
I gave it 4 stars for the food - the atmosphere is not bad but hardly a deterrent.  I don't want Le Bec Fin when I am eating Indian.  Great menu, very friendly staff - not a great area but never a problem parking there.  Don't let your paneer saag! (sorry, lame)
This weekend has been rough for me. My very identity has been shaken to the core.....this is all because I am ready to abandon tiffin. 

I have spent years preaching the gospel of tiffin....I lived around the corner from their girard location and would get either takeout or eat-in almost weekly. i've had basically everything on the menu and would even splurge for the specials: they never let me down! 

then....something sad happened about six months ago. Our takeout just wasn't so flavorful. It lacked the depth of flavor and WOW-factor that drew me to tiffin week after week. We thought it was a fluke and tried again, with the same results. 

I started ordering from their competitor, ekta and was pleasantly surprised...I kept ordering from them and have not been let down. 

But on Friday, my first night back after a month away from Philly, I wanted to revisit my old bff, Tiffin. I did, and was disappointed yet again. The tikka masala was good, don't get me wrong.....but it didn't light up the room the way it used to. 

It is time for me and tiffin to finally break up.  Tiffin: we had a good couple years together but I am leaving you for ekta. You've just let me down too many times and I gotta move on.
Tiffin delivery used to be great, despite the lengthy deliver process.  The one day my coworkers and I placed an order online at 10:30 for a noon delivery and when 1:30 came and went, they said they didn't think it'd be there before two.  Angry, we canceled the order, and ignore my heart's desire for Indian for a few months.

Today, I decided to give Tiffin one last chance.  Placed an order at 11:30 for a 12:00-12:30 delivery.  1:30 I called, they promised he'd be here in 5 minutes.  He shows up 10 minutes ago, and normally Tiffin's portions are so large they last two meals (how I justify the price) - but the bag is extraordinarily light.

My Chicken Tikka trio (July special) had 6 small pieces of chicken, sitting on top of wilted lettuce.  That's $15?! The unidentified accompaniment tasted like flavorless smashed lentils. Naan was burnt in spots.  Overall it just wasn't very good and I won't be ordering again.
not very impressed. i tried their equivalent of chicken curry (forgot what they labeled it as)...not good. mom makes it much better. my friends got different chicken dishes, all were just ok. also, the food took a very long time to come out.
Best indian I've had in philly.  Delivery is good but takes a while.  I actually went in here once to pick up and the little kitchen is a mad house.  Its no wonder they effed up my order.  Still love the food.  For real for real
I feel like I almost shouldn't be allowed to write this review since Indian as a whole isn't really my thing, but I'm gonna anyway.

Small little BYO place, not much atmosphere to speak of.

Food-wise, 3 of us shared:

-Aloo papri chaat (This was way too minty for me)
-Cauliflower bezule (My favorite of the night)
-Lamb korma (Not a fan)
-Chicken tikka masala (Pretty solid as one of the only indian dishes I've tried and liked)
-Garlic naan (Good)
-Chili naan (Reaaaally spicy)

Overall, I wouldn't return, but I might order takeout if I really was craving Indian food (which probably won't happen anytime soon, if ever).
I had my first real Tiffin experience a couple of weeks ago and it was mind-bending. My prior experience ordering Indian food in Philly (Ekta) was good, but not remarkable. But worst - it took nearly an hour to get to us.

Tiffin on the other hand was quick, and the food was melt-your-face good. The samosas were perfection; the nan, despite the trip, were warm and delicious, and best of all was the paneer "bbq" which was creamy and amazing, with flavors I didn't know I could sense. 

I've been to India, North, Central & South, and this held up with the best I ate there. It was perfection delivered. I can not wait to order it again.
I've had delivery from here a few times.  It's uneven.  Depends a lot on what you get.  Vegetarian food (delivery) seems generally better than meat.

My fave is the malai kofta (as usual).  Yummy vegetarian "meatballs" in a creamy cashew sauce.  4.5 stars.
Navrattan Korma was good.  Saag Paneer was good.  3.5+ stars
Baingan Bharta was just okay.  Dal was okay.  Potatoes okay. 3 stars
Chicken & lamb dishes I tried were okay, but the meat was a bit tough.  2.5 stars

Will keep ordering from Tiffin for the malai kofta & veg dishes.  Everything is definitely at least okay.  I'm curious to try other dishes to see if I can find more of what's good.
I visited there a few years back and enjoyed it immensely.  Tonight, I was treated to some takeout from there at a family gathering in a nearby neighborhood, and got to judge the food on new merits.  So here goes...

This place is still holding up very well on food quality.  We enjoyed Paneer Tikka Masala and Onion Bhajhi among other dishes.  One noticeable thing about this experience is that I generally remember that the food was a bit spicier during my first go around.  Obviously this has to do with different dishes.  But the hosts who ordered this takeout report that they seem to get differing experiences on the spiciness of the food.  Could inconsistency be creeping in? 

Nevertheless, it was quite delicious even if this go around was on the mild side.  Among Indian restaurants in the general area, I'll rank them top 5 in my personal tastes.  I have more personal favorites, and this place is a little expensive even for Indian food.  But Tiffin is without question worth a trip.
Fantastic Indian food. Had the butter-less butter chicken and chana masala. Also had the naan with dried fruit and nuts. So sooo good. Importantly, remarkably, and surprisingly, I actually felt well hydrated,  functional, and generally alive and not bloated, parched, and immobile. Always a huge plus for Indian takeout.
Tiffin is hands down the best Indian restaurant in Philly. A little gem on Girard Avenue, Tiffin was just what the neighborhood needed- something other than pizza and fast food. The service is great, parking is abundant, the trolley stops almost in front of the door, the bus stops at the corner, you can order online or by phone for delivery and all the ingredients are super fresh! They don't cook with trans-fats.

My favorites (I'm vegetarian):

1) Malai Kofta
2) Paneer Masala
3) Palak Paneer
4) Onion Baji
5) Samosas

Don't forget the soda- I love Thumbs Up and Limca!
Tiffin is the hottness!!  You can go to the restaurant, or if you're at work (or at home) you can order online and have it delivered!  The saag paneer, dal tarka, samosas, and manog lassi are my favorite!  It's like a little slice of heaven - er, nirvana!  And very affordable!
Woohoo! This definitely fulfilled my craving for Indian food. While the place isn't located in the best location, don't be fooled by rough exterior. I came here for lunch and found the restaurant to be quite empty (yes! faster food!). Well, I thought I'd get faster food but the service here was actually really slow (esp if there was only one other table being served besides ours).

Besides that fact, the food was great! I love the butter chicken and aloo golbi (sp?) here. The flavors were good and it was plentiful. Prices were okay... about  $10 per plate. I don't recommend getting the skewers appetizer though because it's not worth the price.
Ever since Passage to India closed (sob) I've been looking for a great new Indian go-to place. Have sampled quite a large percentage of Tiffin's menu and am happy to say I have effectively filled that void in my life. 

The food is great, but more importantly, this place DELIVERS to SOUTH PHILLY from GIRARD AVE! You gotta love that service! 

I have only had one thing on the menu that I didn't really like, which was the Dhaba Chicken. The sauce was kind of lumpy and (I can't believe I'm saying this) was way too hot. Everything else has been fantastic, however, and they usually include a free mystery "side accompaniment" with my delivery items. The samosas and Malai Kofta are my favorites.
YUUUMMM Tiffin is wonderful Indian food!! The fiancé and I were majorly craving some good Indian and this happened to pop up on yelp. Thrilled it did! We ordered the chicken tikka Masala and the Chana masala plus rice and naan (naturally). So. Freaking. Good. Totally hit the spot and wasn't crazy expensive and they give you a ton of food. I only wish there had been more naan for dipping!! The spices were perfectly blended and everything was super tender and cooked beautifully. Would absolutely recommend/excited to order from here again to try more dishes!
I ordered delivery online. Had a concern that I might have submitted my order more than once, so I called and they were able to confirm that only one order was submitted and paid. Whew!

Food arrived quickly and it was pretty good. We had several meals out of two dishes, and we're hearty eaters. So I felt it was a good value for what we paid. 

Chana masala was good and at "medium" had a good spice level for me. Vindaloo vegetables weren't as spicy as I expected, but I was expecting it might be too hot for me. We got some naan as well, and it was fresh and tasty. We also got some raita in case the heat was too much. Their raita is good; it's got a lot more going on that others I've had. Lots of spices added to it, so it's not just yogurt, cilantro and cucumber. Who said cooling your palate has to be bland?

I'd order again.
I've never been to the actual restaurant, but I have had delicious delivery.

yes they deliver all the way to my hood ( rittenhouse area) which is amazing.

it's pricey but fresh!

the roasted vegetables are awesome
Finally! I have found good Indian in Philadelphia. Having eaten at almost every Indian place in Philadelphia, I was not satisfied. As an Indian, I have standards. This place meets them! I've had a few times and don't understand the low yelp reviews. 

Although the ambience or neighborhood aren't great, come for the food. It's delicious. Promise from an Indian.

My favorite is the Gobi Manchurian. It is delic!
Wow, the crispy lamb made me wanna kill myself.  My first time last week, but I LOVE Tiffin.  Best Indian food I ever ate.  I've never been more satisfied.  BYOB though and bringing booze is a MUST.

Also no stomach grumblies afterwards.  C'mon, that's good.
We order from Tiffin at work all the time and we love it. Tonight was the first time I ate at the restaurant -- fabulous.

If you don't get the Butter Chicken you will live your life regretting it. It's the best Indian dish I've ever had, and I have had my fill of Indian food.
Oh sweet, sweet, south Asian deliciousness!!!

I was never really super interested in checking out Indian food... and not for any food reason either.  Honestly, I prejudged the food based on the bland-looking colors that make up the dishes.  Boy was I ever wrong to assume such negativity!

Luckily, my lady is a huge fan of Indian food... almost too big of a fan.  Hence, my introduction into the world of phenomenally flavored food from India.

If you're like me and relatively new to Indian food, try the butter chicken and/or chick vindaloo.  You MUST also get some naan as well.... no compromise, this is essential!  Lastly, ask for onion chutney..... check that, ask for EXTRA onion chutney.

I've eaten from other Indian places in the city but Tiffin has been the best.  The worst part about Tiffin is the location.  It's a bit of a hike since it's located in the land b/w NoLibs and Kensington (don't worry, it's in a well-traveled and well-lit section).
after being belittled by my indian friends...i will repeat i know nothing about indian food i still find tiffin to be delicious...
Tiffin is helped in the ratings by the fact that there are not a lot of Indian delivery options available in Philadelphia.  

Their menu is pretty standard Indian delivery fare, and our orders usually rotate around the chicken versions of vindaloo, tikka masala, korma, and tandoori preps.  All of these have been OK, but I find most of their food to be quite bland.  Even their highest spice level doesn't actually register as spicy on my palate.  I often find myself ordering everything at the highest spice level just to get it to taste like something.  Dishes that are intended to be mild tend to taste like nothing.  "Mild" should not, by definition, mean "flavorless".  Additionally, the portions are on the small side for prices that are not exactly cheap.

While not outstanding, the food itself would probably have Tiffin at an adequate 3 stars in my book.  A star is lost for delivery and service issues.  Delivery usually takes over an hour, which I could plan for and forgive if the food did not suffer for it.  Our last two orders have arrived cold, as in "had to microwave the food" cold.  Our last delivery order took over two hours.  The delivery guy could not find our house and, instead of calling, just drove around aimlessly until we called the restaurant.  The guy (whom we had already tipped on credit card) then suggested my husband go meet him at his car instead of actually bringing the food the last three blocks to our house.  A rejection of this offer did get the food delivered to our door, but without much of an apology.  Our poor naan had steamed in its foil and then cooled into an irrevocably inedible rubber disk.
When tiffin opened up a few years ago you could tell that the cook was trying his best to impress you and get you to come back.  Now like every other successful business its watered down, expensive and does not tantalize your taste buds.  The pizza is either a hit or a miss but you should try it because its made fresh when you order it  and its cheap as well.  This place is popular with non Indians but rarely do i ever see any Indians in here.  Think about that for a few.     The saag is more tomato paste than spices and it just tastes bland.  Delivery is great but I would rather just spend the the same amount of money and go somewhere where I am satisfied.  

Bottom Line-  It's getting expensive,  the pizza is worth the try , delivery is great if you are desperate for over inflated food,  not the best but deff not the worst place.
Most Indian restaurants don't serve fresh ingredients.  Tiffin is the only one that comes close. I order it all the time.  The guy who picks up the phone doesn't speak English all that well. Ordering is pain in the ass. He asks for your info over and over.   They don't pay attention to loyal customers. Bit oblivious about making special requests like ... "I love the complimentary soup, can I order that as main dish"... The guy will simply say .. No. We don't have it... Wake up! Here is your chance to add items to menu that taste great.  PS.  This is the only Indian place where tandoori chicken is da bomb.  And yes I'm Indian.
Great food, lousy location and service.

I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and a side of Naan. Both were amazing. I saved the Naan to dip in the remainder of the Tikka Masala sauce and it is a recipe to die for. I couldn't get enough of the chicken and ordered an extra plate to go. Take all the tikka masala you can get and save it for just about everything. It spreads great on english muffins for an excellent midnight snack!

The location is not too pretty, but would not be a big deal if the establishment itself was nice. The decor was cozy and cute but when you first enter, it takes a while to be seated. My date and I were unsure whether it was even an eat-in at all. Finally we were seated and the service ran a lot better, but the place just does not seem like a typical restaurant. I would not recommend for a date. It feels more like you are eating in someone's office space. 

So, overall, GREAT food, but better off ordering take-out than ordering in.
Having just paned Bindi downtown, I have to give a little respect to my neighborhood spot. 

 Tiffin is good, homestyle Indian cuisine. The main dishes are all good. The pakoras are the same my mother-in-law makes (Assamese style). 

 It's a little pricey, but not bad considering. Especially good for delivery on these cold winter nights. 

 Coming from someone that lived in India for a while, this is the only place in the city (minus the International Foods in west philly) i will consider for Indian food. 

 they get a 4 in my book only because the 5's go to Udupi Dosa house in Bensalem and Devi in Exton. Can't get better without going to Edison, NJ.
Blech.. the delivery wasn't that good and for the price, you can hit up Sitar in University City for lunch and get the AYCE buffet. The curries are too thin for my taste, and I don't like that weird lentil soup that comes with the food.
Tiffin is awesome.

At my office, we order from them about once a week. The food is always delicious.

A few weeks ago, we went to their new dining room. It's small and kind of cramped, but who cares when the service is friendly and the food is outstanding?
Fantastic Indian for delivery.  The gents are always well dressed when they deliver, which really isn't a big deal, but they are always prompt which is.  Their online ordering is simple and concise and their menu is awesome with some extra special specials thrown in for good measure.

Try the Chicken Vindaloo if you like it spicy and the Butter Chicken if you don't.  The Samosas are great and the Lasooni Naan is the best.
I ordered some takeout from Tiffin last week with a couple of friends.  Delivery was pretty quick considering it was coming to Fitler Square.  This was an evening meal and was from the full menu, it wasn't the tiffin option.  I really want to try this though, it looks great value and hopefully I can convince a few people at the office to come in and get above the $10 delivery minimum.

Anyway, less noodling and back to the review.  This is without doubt the best Indian food that I've had in Philadelphia.  Sure, it isn't the cheapest but a couple of dollars more for food of this quality is definitely worth it.  It is the only Indian I have yet to try that is in anyway authentic.

I had the Lamb Rogan Josh which was just the right side of spicy.  A friend had the Lamb Korma.  Without doubt, it was the best Korma I have ever had.  No disgusting colour, just a beautifully creamy sauce and great chunks of lamb.

We also got the daily accompaniment.  This was a little strange, as there was nothing telling us what it was and it wasn't immediately obvious.  It was very nice though but unfortunately I won't be able to order it again!

All in all, I'm going for 4 stars at the moment as I need at least one more go to check for consistency of quality.  Expect an upgrade to 5* fairly soon.
After reading the reviews on Tiffin I was anxious to give the place a try.  I ordered chicken tandoori, vegetable samosa(comes as 2 per order) and garlic naan for takeout. The smells wafting in as I entered the building were enough to convince me I was in for a potential treat. The service staff was swamped with orders when I came, so it did take a couple of minutes to pick up my order. 

 Once home I began to devour the vegetable samosas. Both were tasty and of decent size. The fillings had some spice, though not quite as much as I"m used to. I suppose maybe I should have asked for more, but after an experience with a Korean restaurant and some spicy squid that left me singing Johnny Cash's "Ring of Fire" while I was in the bathroom for the next day, i figured that restraint was in order.  The garlic naan had some good taste to it, but seemed a little chewy. I think it had been sitting around for a little while. 

The chicken tandoori was very tender and yet very flavorful.  The portion size was just about right.  I don't think it was too spicy, though right now my sinuses are running, which is usually a good sign as far as spice goes. Overall  I had a very nice dinner from Tiffin. I'll probably stop by again on another rainy Saturday night and try the chicken tikka masala.

Post trip note: I've been back twice now and the chicken tikka masala and the chicken tandoori are both excellent choices. Also I really liked the Garlic Bhadji.
After all the hype about Tiffin- it was the highest rated indian restaurant in Zagat, and the opinion on Yelp seems to be more of the same, I was THOROUGHLY DISAPPOINTED.  I've been to many indian restaurants and eat indian food about twice a week and I must say I don't quite understand why people think this place is so great.  

We started out with an appetizer- Aloo Papri Chat.  The chutneys were extremely watered down, and it was totally overgarnished with cilantro.  I couldn't even finish this food.  

Next up was the main dish- I had ordered Saag Paneer- medium spicy, it showed up mild and bland with the spinach not shredded enough and only about 5 cubes of paneer.  My boyfriend ordered the Malai Kofta spicy and it was just average.  

Overall, very subpar compared to other indian restaurants we've been to.  I don't think we'll be returning.

Go to Karma instead.
Delivery service is awful! It took over 2 hours !  No communication or call back after multiple follow ups. Was told driver was stuck in traffic on a Sunday night, still haven't received delivery and it's 9:17pm at night.
This one earns the 5th star as the most delicious Indian food I've had in Philadelphia.  Congratulations, Tiffin.

1.  I live in Wash West near Pine street.... and they deliver to me.  
2.  I have dined-in once, and the place is cute.  Very austere and not very traditional Indian looking, but cute.  Good service.  Though the area is a little sketchy.....
3.  When you order they deliver a little "accompaniement" and a dessert.  I don't know what to do with the "accompaniement" yet, but it tastes delicious.  
4.  The food is great.  The best in my quest - and that's what really earns it the 5 stars.
Tiffin you are still my favorite! Your selections are lighter and seem healthier than the competition and the complimentary dal just really makes my day. If you add Aloo Tikki to your menu my roommate and I will love you forever (slash give you all of our Indian food funds), but for now, sadly, we must resort to Lovash when we have a potato cake craving. Opening a location around 23rd and South wouldn't be too bad either!

Also, please hurry and open up your new place on Broad so we can love that too!
We had ordered from Tiffin several times in the past, and enjoyed their selections and on-line ordering.  Last night we ordered take out from them and had the worst take-out dinner I have had in years.  The appetizer special was a fried and it arrived ice cold.  Furthermore, it  was sweet.  I  had the chili paneer and it tasted just like Chinese food( which is OK if I wanted Chinese).  It was also cold.  My mango lassi tasted like chai tea.  My husband had the lamb dish and said it was OK tasting, but his stomach hurt this AM.  Never again!  Minar Palace is SOOO much better!
The butter chicken is to die for. My boyfriend and i get it delivered quite often along with the veggie samosas. We have lived in Philly for a year and a half and have yet to replace butter chicken as our favorite delivery food here. 
We dined in once. Service was okay, parking was rough, and the dining room was freezing. We actually ate with our coats on along with a handful of other guests. Also, the nan is a little rubbery. BUT the butter chicken always delivers, therefore, why they get the 4 stars.
Fantastic food. Not the best Indian food I have had (that belongs to India House in Chicago), but it's definetly a close second. The delivery service is fantastic as is the online ordering.
I've been looking for an Indian place that would blow my face off in Philly, but I have yet to find one. (Any suggestions, please let me know.)

Tiffin is ok.  The food is really good if you're super hungry in the middle of the night, and the ingredients are decent.  

With that said, the portion sizes are teeny for the price they ask for, and the dishes are mainly sauce with a small sprinkling of whatever main thing you order- chicken, cheese, lamb, etc.

I do really like their dal, which hits the spot everytime.  

I've also yet to be pleased with their costumer service.  For some reason, they are a grumpy bunch.  Not overtly mean, just grumpy.
I can't give this place the five stars that it's good deserves because it's service is dragging it down. Tiffin is definitely the best Indian food in torn. Unfortunately, it's a restaurant that believes its food product it the only thing that matters. Customer service, timeliness of delivery and overall approach to experience are clearly not priorities for this business. I would encourage anyone to eat their food because it's delicious, but manage your expectations. When they tell you delivery will be an hour it will be two - and they will tel you their delivery car broke down (they've used this excuse three times now). So just know they value great food and they value your money. They just don't value your time or your experience with them.
Dear Tiffin:  You blew it.  I came to redeem my Groupon for spices mid afternoon hoping to get some advice on Indian cooking.  The young attendant pointed me to array of spices.  He was unsmiling, offered no help and spoke few words when I asked for pungent suggestions.
I even asked about your new location and got a simple "yeah".  
I was ready to buy more, learn more and be a future diner. Shame,  I read rave reviews.  But i left with a bad taste.
Order delivery, 1st the delivery guy went to a completely different address took the food almost 2 hours to arrive. Then when it gets here the mango lassi drink is spilled over the entire order and half the order is wrong. Call the restaurant they say I can't eat any of the food and have to wait (that's fine I get that) takes another hour for the food to get here at this point my girlfriends already finished and getting ready for bed finally it gets here wrong again. I call them apparently, and they'll send it out again another hour goes. Y and the food gets here.... Wrong again are you kidding me? I call them apparently they don't even what I order..... If the food was at least good i wouldn't have minded but this place would not even pace for mediocre. They didn't refund me any of the money apologize or anything. Don't noot ever order take out. I don't know about eat in but delivery  the 2nd worst delivery experience ever .
Awesome Indian! Fantastic tikka masala, tandoori, samosas, etc. The place is pretty small, so you may not get at table right away, but it's worth the wait.
I finally went to Tiffin on 12/25, breaking with the tradition of my people, who usually celebrate the birth of Jesus with Chinese food.  So at least one person was taken in by the subtle "Hey, Jew, we're open on Christmas" email.  Marketing genius.

Anyway, on to the food, which was really spot on.  All the dishes were flavorful and nicely prepared.  Actually going all the way to Girard---which seems like half way to Princeton, even if it isn't---means the food is also hot and takes less than 45 minutes to get there.

The bottom line is that Tiffin's food is great, even against the standard of India House in Northampton, MA.  If they opened a branch in Center City, I'd go way more often.
Just went to Tiffin after hearing great things about it. Pretty glad that I did. After some of the good Indian restaurants closed in Center City, Indian left my diet a bit. I thought it best to not eat it, then eat bad Indian. However, the tables have turned again. Tiffin brings what I consider to be a moderately priced menu (40 for two? w/ App & Drinks) to a relatively accessible location. The environment is nice for an Indian restaurant. (It's interesting how often I'll allow small ethnic places to have shit decor, where a BYO laden in IKEA would just not do) and the food was fresh. Check it out!
I've had Indian food once before, at Palace at the Ben, and I felt that it was meh. Not terrible, but not something worth going back for.

Tiffin changed this for me. I'm pretty sure this is what Indian is supposed to taste like. Butter Chicken, Saag Paneer, Fresh Naan. 

Half what we paid at Palace at the Ben, and 1000 times more delicious.
I ordered the Dhaba Chicken and Naan Bread. 
Let me first just say that, I wish I could take back the $5 tip I gave the delivery driver, He called me "babe" about three times when I answered the door. Precursor for disappointment? Maybe.
I've had every kind of curry there is, some good and some bad. This definitely isn't the worst, but definitely nowhere close to the best. 
The chicken is dry, probably due to them cutting it into chunks and over cooking it, and THEN adding the curry sauce to it right before it was packaged for delivery. BIG NO NO. I like my curry chicken to marinate in the curry, resulting in fully flavorful, moist chicken. The curry itself isn't spicy enough for me, but thats no biggie, it is pretty delicious, maybe lacking in in the texture department, but I wont tear it apart for that. The naan bread however, is amazingly delicious, moist and warm. 
Oh well... 

Maybe some single girl out there will blush when the delivery guy calls her "babe" multiple times someday...
We just got delivery tonight (we live in Bella Vista). It was on time and still piping hot when it arrived. Everything was delicious; chana saag, lasooni naan, dhaba chicken. Also came with a huge container of rice, a free bean soup, mango chutney and spicy sauce.
Tiffin is delicious! The space is simple and clean looking, the kitchen is open and always buzzing with activity.

The food is as beautiful as it is tasty each dish arriving in a small gold colored bowl perfect for passing around the table so that you can share with friends.

The 5th star is missing because every time I've walked into Tiffin the staff at the counter looks as if they've never seen a customer before. 

How did they get here? What do they want? Why do they look so hungry??

Last time I was there I had to ask for a table that could seat 7, admittedly; we should have called earlier in the day but it was a last minute choice for a birthday dinner. I asked politely and apologized for not giving notice. There was little response and then almost all of the employees stood there with me by the counter surveying their restaurant as if it was the first time any of us had seen it. 

In the end they had to ask a seated diner if he'd be willing to switch to another table, I apologized to man for the inconvenience but, that said, Tiffin had seated the man at a 6-top instead of the 2-top that was right next to it. After all was said and done our meal was wonderful and the price can't be beat either! When the food is as good as it is at Tiffin you would think the staff would be used to seeing actual paying customers.
The food was pretty good. I'll give them that. But it was a Friday night, and first of all, the place was full, and incredibly noisy. Second, since it was June, it was murderously hot, and there is no A/C. It had to be at least eighty degrees in the dining area. Third, the service was mediocre. It took forever for our order to arrive at our table. And finally, since they do a take-out business. in addition to the people seated at tables, there was also a crowd of about fifteen people just standing there in the middle of the floor waiting to pick up their orders. It was like eating in the middle of a mob. No, thanks.
I originally wrote a review of the horrible service I had, but the new manager contacted me after reading my review, and asked if I would give it another try if he offered a gift card. I was dubious, but he assured me that the restaurant was under new management, etc., etc.  

I finally ordered today--delivery again, which took 1 hour and 15 minutes, which seems completely reasonable given how far from the restaurant we were. The food was really good (as it was last time too). There were no problems with the delivery/ordering. I didn't tell the restaurant why I had the gift card nor did I order from the same phone number, but I suppose they could have given me "special" treatment.

**original review**
This is concerning delivery: I kept hearing great things about Tiffin, so we had a large order for a lunch meeting. However, the service was horrible. 

I called in the order in the morning, and the guy who took it seemed both annoyed that he was taking an order and also like he didn't care. 

We were meeting at 2 pm, and so we asked for it to be delivered by 1:50. I had to repeat this several times as he kept repeating 1:30, so I just gave up. So, I received a call at 12:45 from the delivery driver saying he was here. I called to talk to Tiffin, and the guy was unapologetic. I said that the food would be cold by the time of our meeting as well as that it might not be safe to eat if the food was made well in advance of it being delivered. He kept asking us to just take the food. I was so outraged. When I said, "So we're paying full price for cold food?" He simply replied, "Yes." When I asked him to remake it, he said the delivery driver would have to come back, they'd reheat it, and then drive again and it'd be delivered by 2:20.  So, the food is here an hour ahead of time. While it's tasty now, it'll be cold by  the time others eat it.
