BREAKFAST @ TIFFANY (Diner on the Boulevard)

Happy New Year (2022) Everyone!

My last Yelp of the old year was at this fine establishment in the Great Northeast, Philadelphia. It had been closed an extended period of time for renovations, and the effort appears to have been worthwhile. The facility has a new outer shell and the main dining hall is bright, attractively utilitarian and very clean. Staff from management to servers are courteous and helpful. The menu is a diner's long list of nearly infinite possibilities. 

But, I was there for a New Year's Eve Day breakfast, and while prepared to be tempted, knew what I wanted - French Toast & crisp bacon. There is a long counter along the back wall, and when I arrived it was unoccupied. I sidled down to the third from last spinner, past the last booth, and found myself in the perfect Covidly socially distance spot. No one with ten feet of me. I ordered coffee and my Frenchie. and perused my phone for the latest news while I waited. These days that is always a risky thing to do and expect to keep a good mood, but old habits die hard. (Good riddance 2021!)

So, my plate was delivered with a warm smile. I beheld two slices of thickish bread well grilled and sided by four slices of heat curled bacon. Both good to the naked eye. First bites told the tale. 

Although described as "Challah" bread, the texture was more a yellowish thick slice with extra sugar baked in. It lacked the rougher consistency and swirl of true Challah. Okay. I'm being picky, but the mental image of the real deal had excited my tastebuds and I was a little disappointed. Too, it came with those industrial corn syrup sweeteners, that are just empty calories and not conducive to good health. No Log Cabin nor Mrs. Butterworth in the house. True, it was edible and the bacon was fine, but these days I have reservations about putting such ersatz materials in my body, and would gladly pay extra for pure Grade B maple syrup. 

I get that corners must be cut to stay ahead of the game, but I would prefer the choice. 

But, that's just me. 

Let's have a better 2022! Lord knows we need and deserve it.
A true NE Philly staple. Located centrally on Roosevelt Boulevard is this 24 hour diner which has pretty much remained the same for decades. 

Breakfast served all day long making it a convenient stop for late risers or late-nighters looking for some sobering up nosh. 

The fam favors classic Jewish deli fare like matzoh ball soup, lox and whitefish salad platters which are plated with traditional and generous accompaniments. 

Daily lunch and dinner specials for a steal. 

Kids menu items are about $6 and under and include drink and dessert. Although my kiddos go for the chocolate chip pancakes which of course are NOT are on the kids' menu, they are two to an order, filled with chips and huge. Definitely shareable between two littles. 

Their salads are massive and also splittable. 

A few vegetarian options and literally one vegan option which is the grilled veggie wrap. It's completely stuffed and good. It's served with pretty tasty fries. I personally need a dipping sauce or mustard for the wrap however. 

People loved their desserts. Maybe grab one as you're leaving. 

Prices are overall very fair making it a decent option for larger parties. They also have a back room where tables can be pushed together. 

The place is rather large and we have never had to wait even with a group. 

Service is never something to write home about here however. 

It's definitely not on my list of places I would head to eat when in the area but it does serve a purpose.
11/22/21 WOW!!! First on the list- pick up my eyeballs from the floor once I saw their fabulous dessert case! Incredible!! I didn't purchase any but - they sure looked indulgent. 

An amazing diner on the boulevard- very close to the hotel where I was staying as a matter of fact!  Again ample parking. Being a countryish- suburban girl -parking is always anxiety provoking.  We gathered here for a breakfast after the Wedding Reception. There were 10 of us. 

The only reason I knocked one star off is because we sat a while before the server came to take our order. I thought it was amazing though that she rushed our meal to come out at the same time as everyone else in the party who ordered before we arrived- so. . . Star redeemed! When we did order things went smooth. There coffee is incredible!! Like really - I'm a coffee fanatic. 

I ordered the eggs Benedict and they were traditional and simply delicious! I really was impressed by the heaping crispy hash browns that came with the entree. Husband ordered the farmers omelette that was filled with sausage and bacon. It was delicious! Also topped with feta.

I hope to return here if I'm ever in the area. I'm also told the diner has been renovated too! It has bright lights, and I even noticed a bar too!
Me and my boyfriend stopped in one rainy Sunday night to get desert from the bakery .We walked in it was extremely empty the host looked suprised when we told her we just wanted desert for takeout. We end up getting 3 slices of cheesecake 1 Strawberry 1 Cherry And one Chocolate cheesecake. Let me just say it was a pleasant surprise they were delicious ! I have yet to eat in but this small experience was a good one
This review is related mostly to a manager named George.  He is disrespectful, rude, and ignorant.  We received poor service, initially the reason I asked to talk to the manager but after speaking with him I realize why the service was so bad.  Clearly an issue of top down management trouble.  He must treat the employees as poorly as he treated me because I observed two waitress's telling each other to be careful who they talk to for fear George would find out they needed help.  I came in with a party of 10 of course the waitress needed help but to be fearful to ask is a sign of poor management.

As for the issue with the service initially, our food took an hour and our waitress was snippy.  We arrived at 5:20pm on a Sunday night and didn't get out until almost 8 because of their service.  We had two babies and 3 seniors,  we weren't there trying to hang out but they didn't put our order through until 5:56.  The whole dining experience was only improved by the food. The food was delicious. 

 I will be calling tomorrow in hopes this George is retrained on how to treat customers and employees.  He even said, I guess 20% off is what you want, that's fine.  I explained I'd rather pay full price to get better service and he just ignored me.
Pretty good breakfast here, I usually come here after a drunken night with my girls though so not 100% sure how the food tastes when I'm not intoxicated. 

On the most recent visit my group of 7 came here after a night of drinks and dancing and were all craving eggs and home fries. When we arrived- we sure weren't the only late night party goers having the same idea. The place was full of people but we got a booth right away. The staff were all friendly and fast although there was a rush. 

I ordered the eggs, home fries with onions cooked well done and rye toast. I also had an ice water so I could sober up more and try and flush the alcohol out. The food was so tasty- the eggs were fluffy, toast was buttered perfectly and the home fries were cooked well done like I asked. 

This is a go to for me and my friends after our nights out and I would recommend it for breakfast at 2am.
I used to be a server here. I've eaten as a patron and server, every time except late night. I can't vouch for the late night cooks, so this is about breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Breakfast and lunch waitstaff, nice sweet old ladies, mixed with some nice sweet young ladies. A lot of the girls have worked here forever. Dinner waitstaff, maybe not quite as sweet, but a lot of good, professional girls who treat their customers well. Customers are number one here, among staff and management. They truly appreciate your business, and if you have any complaint, will be on it asap.

Tiffany's is part of what's wrong with America- everything is super sized! They give you so much for what you pay for. The omelets are huge with a mound of home fries. The dinner specials you'll be hard-pressed to finish.

The food here is delicious. If it is not, send it back. Everyone makes mistakes, so don't judge the place without giving them a chance to redeem themselves. This is the only place in this review I will be purposefully subjective- the cooks do not slop your food together. They care about the taste and presentation, and yes, it's a diner I know, but they really do take pride in their work. One breakfast/lunch cook in particular- when he makes you eggs, you can taste the love in the eggs. It sounds super corny, but it's true. (If you've ever worked in a kitchen, you know the bad relationship amonst cooks and servers, so being a server saying this, it has a lot of weight to it...)

They have all of your diner standards on the enormous menu, plus plus plus. The diner is in a predominantly Jewish area and is owned by a Greek family (that owns many NE Philly restaurants), so all year the menu is well-stocked with Jewish and Greek specialties. Oh man, the baklava and the moussaka!

Go hungry.
Such a shame I have to give this diner only one star but it's what the truly deserve. Came in around 8:30 on a Monday, sat and waited at my table until 9:05 until I had to leave. All of the working staff stood by the monitors and completely ignored my table. The place was not busy at all- in fact it was dead. Had to bring my menus up and drop them off to the hostess, I didn't even get a water during my time here.
I love me some good ol' diner food!  With that, I'll usually come here once in a while with my grandparents for the early bird special. WHAT!? you say! 3 - 5pm for dinner? Yes, that's right. There is an older crowd that frequents this place, so the early bird special is accommodating to that. The menu is huge and the portions are pretty big, but the service and food are really hit or miss. The decor is typical of a diner with mostly booth seating and some tables. The challah is amazing and always comes to the table so soft and warm! The selection of Jewish pastries is nice too, and you can never go wrong with these desserts.
I've had breakfast few times hear in past month. And have to say I'm impressed with the breakfast!!  

Always plenty of parking in the lot. Not to packed in the morning in the middle of the week. 

Good service and many breakfast specials to choose from. All specials do come with eaither coffee or tea. I prefer the coffee like many. Food comes out fast. Not any complaints in that department. As for the service not bad. Always back at the table to see if you need anything. Always bringing the pot of coffee around to the tables for another poor.. 

I got the eggs, bacon, home fries, toast and coffee!! Everything was good. No matter if it's breakfast, lunch or dinner. They always fill up the plate. And I'm glad for that, look forward to coming back again.
Tiffany's has been a late late night destination for me For many years now and I can't think of a better Spot to go to when I'm in the northeast late at night. The service is great ( if you ask for Margaret ) The food is. decent and desserts are very good. It was 2 am in the morning and after seeing the midnight showing of the new Ape movie, I was hungry and decided on going to tiffany's. I went old school, on them and I ordered a Montecristo sandwich.
 It was delicious and reasonably priced. Of course I head the strawberry short cake for desert. Not bad for 2 am or thursday evening is the great northeast
I had ordered 2 scrambled eggs and sausage breakfast combo. The entire platter was barely warm when it arrived, the eggs were hardly scrambled, and the home fries were bland and unevenly cooked - would have been more satisfied with a baked potato. 

The service was bad too. I went in with a group of 6 and they tried to squeeze us into a table for 4. When we asked to add another table, they refused and insisted to add a smaller table that was half the size of a regular table. They messed up one of our orders and charged us for extra food that we did not receive. 

Highly unlikely that I'll be back - I think Denny's would serve me better.
Pretty large diner in the North East. It's beautiful inside and clean. Can accommodate large groups at tables or In separate rooms if reserved. They also have a bakery section with cakes, canolis, and other treats. 

I've been coming here off and on for years but sadly it has slowly diminished in quality and I finally called it quits. I did however go to lunch there again upon suggestion of some friends. I had hoped things have changed for the better but sadly it's just the same ol, same ol. So here's my updated review. 

The menu is extensive, serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Like most diners, breakfast can be order anytime of day. And that's about all I'd recommend because any time I've had anything other than breakfast it has been disappointing. Today my wife and I had sandwiches, pastrami and turkey respectively, and it was very much blah. 

The service typically leaves much to be desired. Finding your waiter or waitress about refills or anything is typically a chore. 

It's sad for me to give such a low rating, especially since it's right in the neighborhood. I'd love to have a place so close to home be awesome instead of mediocre.
Well came in to eat service sucks ass food is ok and found plastic in my wings and this is my first and last time here
Let me just say Tiffany's food is good but every time I come their service gets worse. Well today we had a waitress that had to be high off her ass. There's 3 of us who went to breakfast. Orders go as follow; Pancakes with an order of scrambled glens with cheese and turkey sausage, next person orders and order of French toast with with scrambled eggs with cheese home fries and turkey sausage, and next person says I want the same as her except no french toast. She says okay and leaves. Order comes out she places it on the table with everything including the extra order of french toast. She walks away before we can say anything. She missed a placement of silverware. We ask a passing waitress for silverware. Original waitress come to check on our table we let her know about the french toast she says okay and walks away. Comes back again with the check sees the french toast untouched says would you like a to go box you guys could have ordered one order and shared. At this point I'm convinced she's on drugs. We've already told her we ordered one order! She just sad oh okay. Still comes out with a to go container. At this point my boyfriend just gives up and takes the french toast. We will never return this is not the first time we have had bad service.
Great chicken parm sandwiches. A must try. Won't be disappointed.
I love Tiffany's. No matter what time we come in, it's always fast and nice service. 

The food is not the best, but it's consistent. It's a great place to get your breakfast fix, but it's obviously isn't a hipster brunch spot. I can't comment on anything but the breakfast foods. I just know it's a dependable diner.
Recently went here to celebrate a 70th birthday.It has been a few years since my last visit and not much has changed.This is the grazing territory for everyones elderly grandparents.This is far from the best place in the N.E and is merely a habit to go here for many who remember Tiffany Diner when it was better
.Dinner is a waste of time and money and unless you have a strange fondness for surly waitresses.Do yourself a favor and try and talk Bubbie out of going here.
It is ok for breakfast or coffee and a pastry but it will be a while before they get me back.
Came in with a party of 5. Ordered food was having a good time until I realized the cup of water I asked for had mold along the edges of the cup. We showed the waitresses and asked for the manager. The manager refused to except that there was mold on the cup and when we asked him to look he said he never saw a cup and that they had no idea what we were talking about when they all clearly were discussing the moldy cup amongst each other. Will never come here again absolutely disgusting
Tiffany Diner reopened a few days ago with a beautiful new interior. My brother and I, long time patrons, were happy to support this old family favorite after being closed for a year during the pandemic. When we walked in,  we were greeted warmly by the manager-then everything went downhill from there. After a 10 minute wait, our server arrived and we requested coffee, which  arrived a few minutes later, but no breakfast menu, which I'd requested. After 15 more minutes our server finally showed up. We were impressed that he took our order from memory. Except that he got everything wrong. I ordered scrambled eggs, but got sunny side up instead. My toast with butter on the side arrived-minus the butter. I requested some hot sauce for the erroneously prepared eggs, but at this point our server became missing in action. After another 15 minute wait, we finally got the attention of another server to bring us another coffee  and our check. In the meantime several other parties had walked out in exasperation after sitting for at least 20 minutes without even having their order taken. We have noticed a general decline in quality of the food and service as restaurants begin to reopen. In this case, however, the quality of the food was OK, but the service was incompetent and atrocious. It was almost as if the server was trying to sabotage the restaurant's reopening. I understand that there have been difficulties due to the COVID crisis, but if restaurants expect people to return, they will have to do much better than this which turned out to be a ruined experience.
I just left there, didn't eat even half of sandwich! There were multiple mice running around. It was gross. It's a shame I really liked it there but will never go back.
Ordered takeout breakfast from here on a super lazy Sunday morning. Takeout is picked up at the counter in the back. I sat there for 5 minutes before the counter server came over. It was very busy in there so I understand servers were rushing around. After grabbing the food from the back, you have to pay for it upfront. That guy, who is probably the owner was not friendly at all. He just took the money and that's it. We got Eggs Benedict and a Bacon Omelet and it came to about $23. Our food was very good. They give you  a lot of potatoes and they were crispy on top. I would definitely order breakfast takeout from there again.
A few of the waitresses here just go through the motions when rating their serving. If you need anything after your food is dropped, good luck. A few of them( not all )come back to the table and others don't. They also leave the dirty dishes in front of you when they present the check, and getting the check is a challenge with a few of them.  As a result I have left under 15% tip and I should really leave almost nothing following the past couple visits. Note to the owner: The Greek Salad that comes with the meal is not always fresh as far as the lettuce and the tomatoes are poor quality as well. The Country Club Diner is so much better.
I think it's funny when people give this pace one or two stars when they order steak at a diner. This is a diner and has good diner food. This is a place you go for a club sandwich, fries and cheesecake. The service varies depending on the time of day you go. I happen to love the desserts at this place. I'd recommend it for a late night dinner or breakfast.
We jad a small banquet with about 50 peopke today.  Everything was wonderful.  The food was excellent and plentiful.  Lots of boxes given out for leftovers.  The staff was very nice and accomodating.  And the food came out fast and was hot when it arrived.  We were very happy.
Definitely a NE staple for drunk, middle of the night, weekend meals 

I used to come here super late at night & the experience has always been great. Service could be improved but overnights are tricky since lots of large parties and not much staff. Food comes out quick and the water is given quickly too (very important after a night of drinking!)

The food is average diner food, but I've been really happy each time as the food is usually what I'm needing after a long night out. I particularly love Tiffany's blueberry pancakes- they are so good! Especially at 2 am ;) 

Overall a solid choice for middle of night gatherings with large groups, otherwise I would not go here lol
If you want to eat at an establishment that over charges you for everything and also lies to your face then go to Tiffany's Diner on the Blvd. First, the cups are small enough for a kids Meal at least McDonalds gives you bigger cups. Second thing I was almost done my meal when I saw the waitress bring the couple one booth down from me a chocolate chip cheese cake that had infused chocolate chips in the slice. so I ordered a piece as well, when the waitress came back it was something totally different. when I informed the waitress that my slice was a plain cheesecake and she charged me for a chocolate chip one she informed I was wrong ... fast forward Big Tough Manager NICK comes to my table and said he is the Manager of the restaurant and then I explained that if they didn't have any of the cheese cake I requested then let me know don't just whip something up in the back and over charge me. He started speaking in a high toned voice , then lies to my face and says that I am wrong and will not remove it from the receipt. There was also moments he interrupted me as I was talking and didn't care about what I told him.  I don't want someone to lose there job ever but he deserves to be demoted maybe to something with less responsibility.  I have worked for the restaurant business and no customer deserves that type of hostility and attitude because that can make or break your business. I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THAT ESTABLISHMENT EVER AGAIN.... IF YOU GO THERE JUST MAKE SURE NICK IS NOT MANAGING THAT NIGHT BECAUSE HE WILL TREAT YOU LIKE A NOBODY... YOUR BETTER OFF GOING SOMEWHERE ELSE.... THERE IS WAY BETTER PLACES NEAR BY THAT NEED OUR SUPPORT...
It's ok for what it is.   My relatives requested this venue during my recent trip to Phili.  It wouldn't be my first choice but at least the menu is extensive and the prices reasonable.  My grilled chicken salad was perfectly acceptable and also gigantic. 

Staff had fun making fun of my patriots hat.
It is a great diner to get breakfast. Service was fast and friendly and they had creme chipped beef which many places do not. I've never been there in the evening when they serve drinks so I don't know what that is like.
I've been coming to this place for years. The food is OK it used to be a lot better I feel that it changes often, taste wise. The waitresses also changed quite often it's always a new face every time I go in. The owner is always present but he's not very kind to the staff and I've witnessed that multiple times. I love to support local businesses even if the food was five-star the way that you treat your staff is very important that's probably why the waitresses always leave. The food however is OK it's just what you would expect from a neighborhood diner. The desserts are also all right the best thing they have is the biscotti but all of the other mousses and pies always tend to be dried out and old. There buffalo wings however are very delicious. Breakfast is also really good. This place gets very packed on the weekends night and Saturday/Sundays for breakfast.
This was an okay place to eat, in the past weeks it has gone way down. I was a regular there. The food has been consistently eh to okay. nothing special about.  

I loved the cheesecake, but over the past two weeks the same exact has been sitting on the display case, to the point where I noticed the fruit on top had begun to rot so I asked for a fresh one. The old nasty smelling woman with a thick accent who was there was highly argumentative about it being fresh, GARBAGE ON A CHEESECAKE IS STILL GARBAGE ON A CHEESECAKE NO MATTER HOW LOUD AND IGNORANTLY SHE TRIED TO TALK OVER ME. And the Manager on duty did nothing about it.  Anyway a second one was brought out. The Fruit was all DRIED UP AND ROTTING AS WELL WITH THE ADDED BONUS OF THIS QUARTER SIZED GREEN/GREY/WHITE FUZZY MOLDY THING ON IT.  AND SHE STILL INSISTED IT WAS FRESH

I will not be going back, because if they are serving ROTTEN food to people that is a huge problem

The next day we both woke up with many of the symptoms FOOD POISONING.

THE PICTURES ARE HIGHLY DECEPTIVE OF WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT.

I asked for a called from the owner to express my concerns, I suspect the manager
selectively lost my information
The breakfast here is good and plentiful. I ordered dinner (can't remember what I had exactly) here before and didn't like it so ever since that, I've just ordered breakfast. The place has recently been remodeled and it looks great inside. I think the outside still needs a bit of help but its the food that counts. They have their own little bakery where you could buy all types of pies and cakes. The Boston Creme pie is delicious! Sometimes when I'm driving by I order a whole pie to bring home to the family. :) The waitresses here are very nice and the place is usually pretty quiet.
Are you tired of a waitstaff that pays attention to you? Sick of always having something to drink with your meal? And what about tasty menu options for a reasonably priced entree - no thank you! 

Well my friend, Tiffany Diner is for you. If you come any time after their peak hours, be prepared to watch 7 waitresses chat with each other while you're staring awkwardly, hoping someone will notice that you closed your menus ten minutes ago. And those drink cups? Probably hold a maximum of 4 ounces of liquid, so you're guaranteed to stay thirsty.
I just went to this diner for breakfast and I had the best experience.  We received prompt service, good food at a reasonable price. I will definitely return for another meal soon.
Terrible service!! Just went out with the family for breakfast today and was served glasses of water with debris still floating in the water. Then we were served our platters without our toast and the waitress even forgot my girlfriend's glass of orange juice for the duration of our meal. We tried to wait to eat our breakfast until we got our toast but really couldn't so we had to eat our meals cold. To top it off, we were also charged a side of cream cheese that we never received. Very poor service. I'm even more disappointed with the management though. I've been a restaurant manager for well over a decade and the manager on duty never came to talk to us to see how we were doing. I will never come back to this establishment.
Disgusting!  

First the place needs a good wipe down inside and out. 

Servers seem bitter - whole time I was eating I heard one server talking ish on another, mind you these were grown woman - come on.  

Finally the food. We had breakfast. Ordered eggs one way received them another way. Why ask how I want my eggs if you are going to fry them entirely too long. I wanted over light not over hard. Pancakes were mush. They were too doughy like. I felt ripped off because the breakfast sucked so bad. If a dinner cannot execute breakfast properly then you need to just run because seriously who can't cook eggs or pancakes....Tiffany's can't.
Though this is a NE Philly staple, and I (used to) go there often, I can't say that the Tiffany is a great place to eat. I'll start with the good; their matzo ball soup. Seriously it's the best thing on the menu, and I get it whenever I can. The rest of their menu is average diner fare and comes out, well, average. 

The bad is their fries. My god, even for a diner they're terrible. Also their desserts are not very appetizing, and I feel that every diner needs those great giant cakes to compliment the food. Too bad they all stink here!

I patronize them a lot despite the fact I'm not fond of their food. At the end of the day, they're just a slightly less than average diner.
The seafood combination is really good and give you alot. Don't get there corn on the cob it's not so good. And don't forget there French onion soup. So so good.
It's been a few years since I've been to Tiffany's & this visit was much better. My mother in law had our after wedding reception brunch here. The renovations they did are absolutely beautiful. We had a table for 10, but some of us ordered coffee, water, and entrees before our other guests came since one of the couples had to get on the road since they came from out of state. I didn't get our waitresses name, but she was friendly, quick, and accurate. My parents came a few minutes after we placed our entree orders. To our delight, all of our food came out at the same time. I thought it was really nice of the waitress to rush their orders (without us asking). The food was delicious & portions excellent. I had the Eggs Benedict & hash browns. The hash browns were the potato straw kind, which are my favorite kind. My husbands aunt really enjoyed her pumpkin pancakes which were on the specials. I had a bite of the pancakes & really enjoyed them. The last couple in our group came after we got our orders. It did take a while for our waitress to come back to get their coffees and drink orders, but I blame the couple in our group for being so late. I know our waitress was running all over the place. I'd definitely come back to Tiffany's for breakfast!
Blech.

Mediocre diner food at best. My omelet was watery, the "home fries" that accompanied them were completely bland. The garlic bread was a hoagie roll smashed down & toasted on the grill with granulated garlic sprinkled on it. I added butter to make it taste edible. The only thing that was good was the marinara sauce that came with the mozzarella sticks we ordered that I am 100% sure came out of a can or jar. So the $6.95 for the 4 piddly motz sticks & sauce from a can was just a little over-priced. As was all the menu items for the quality. Maybe the food is better if you are hung over or stoned but if you are sober you could go many many other places in the far Northeast & get better food.

To top everything off our waitress was rude. Throwing plates on the table and giving us a look of "ugh... not another table to wait on..." 

This is not the first time I have been to Tiffany's but I have decided it is the last. If I could give less than 1 star I would.
It's a diner, nothing fancy, exactly what you picture a diner to be. My parents have been coming here for years and I remember coming here as a kid, and I'm pretty sure the exact same patronage comes back. Very much an older crowd. 

FOOD
The food here is decent diner food. The menu is huge so their are a lot of options to choose from, and lots of specials. The quality of the food is decent to good. My most recent visit here I got a London Broil Dinner special which came with 2 two sides and a soup. The French Onion Soup I had was actually really great, the soup was extremely flavorful and the cheese was perfectly crispy. The mashed potatoes were just standard, and the baked potato was standard as well. London Broil had good flavor, but was cut into small strips. 

SERVICE
Eh, not too good the last time I was at Tiffany's. We got seated right away, but it took a while for our waiter to come over, take our order, and for our food to come out. Our waiter didn't refill our waters too often, and you could tell he was stressed out. He was a pretty nice guy, so maybe we just caught him on a bad day. 

ATMOSPHERE
Look, the place has been here for a long time, and it's a diner, so it's not in the best shape. It's really big here, probably because back in the day the place was packed. We sat by the booth, and the vent on the side looked like it had trash stuff in it from years ago. The place could use a bit of an update to say the least. On the other hand, it kind of gives that "back in the day feel" which I really like if I am going to a diner. If you're looking for a hip and trendy place, Tiffany's is the antithesis of that, but if you want to feel like your back to your childhood years with your parents or grandparents it's a great place for that.

PRICE
Very cheap at Tiffany's. You can get an entire dinner meal for around $12, and the portion sizes are worth it.

I'd come back to Tiffany's for sure. With a menu that big, I'd be able to find anything I was in the mood for, and for a price as cheap as it is, it really is a great deal.
Stopped for some carrot cake and coffee.  Typical, great diner coffee.  Quick, friendly service.
In and out in under 10 minutes, that's how long my patience lasted being ignored. With restaurant nearly empty and plenty of staff walking right past me without offering to seat me, I grabbed a menu and seated myself. Another 5 minutes of waiting, looking around, waving and not getting anyone, I walked out. 

I used to live around this place and frequented this place all the time - it was the hang out after late night partying or early morning cravings. Even at it's busiest it was never this bad... Wait staff just seemed oblivious to a waiting customer. I guess this was my last time.
I like this place, reasonable prices, quality food, generally friendly staff.  I do enjoy their french onion soup and breakfast platters.
Not the cleanliest place - the food here and my stomach simply did not agree. I ordered the eggplant parmigana and could barely finish a bite. The eggplant was barely breaded and very soggy (oil was literally dripping from it). The sauce lacked flavor, and my pasta was cold and stuck together. Nope, I didn't want it to-go, either.


Lots of old folks hang around here. Watching them spit their game on the young waitresses is pretty sad.... Awkward moments like these remind me of the old pedophile dude and Chris from Family Guy. Ah, I feel sorry for the girls.
The food was cold, go to four season down the road. Dissapointed slow services go else where
I went there tonight with my friend and enjoyed a delicious meal. The restaurant was clean, the service was friendly, the food was delicious, and the prices were reasonable. I am not exactly sure why this diner only has three stars, but I am giving them five tonight.
Tiffany is a diner; a bit glorified, but still a diner. If you understand that going in, you shouldn't have a problem with it. Diner means you get good basic food -- not 5-star quality, but far from garbage. As long as you don't get too exotic and stick with basics -- meatloaf, sandwiches, chicken parm, breakfasts, etc., you'll be fine. For those complaining about the cheesesteaks, if you're truly a Philadelphian, you know you never get a cheesesteak in a diner; they're never good. You go to a place that makes them on a daily basis.

As far as service goes, in all the times I've been there, only had bad service once. I'd call that pretty good odds.
Subpar food at best. Service was quick but not too professional. I ordered a side of cream chipped beef instead of on bread so I overheard the waitresses complaining that there is no side of cream chipped beef. To top off our "lovely experience", while talking to my waitress she kept cursing (not in a negative tone) but she told me how impressed she was with the diner because "the kitchen floors were so f*cking clean" and "she was afraid to work here because she heard the girls are b*tches".. Totally inappropriate and contributed to the lowly 2 stars.
Let me make this crystal clear.  This place earned it's two stars from the good waitstaff,  that's about it.  Otherwise zero starts would have been appropriate. The food was beyond bland and even weird tasting at times.  We ordered the meatloaf dinner and half spring chicken dinner.  The lineup of of sides were as follows: mashed potatoes and gravy, cold slaw, & fried green tomatoes. All were absolutely tasteless.  We were also greeted with some sort of sweat bread at the beginning of our meal.  We didn't care for that either. It was overly sweet and didn't pair well with the accompanied butter in my opinion. 

 I do not recommend.


       As we were leaving, we even overheard the guests at the next table say to her friend "I don't like this at all , yuck", as she pushed the item to the side and tried something else that I couldn't recognize what it was. So there you have it.
I'm from a neighborhood near Tiffany, have been going there for years, and I'll say this--it's steady. Usually it's for breakfast and with family. It's decent, sturdy, predictable diner food, with the typical endless menu of the traditional diners. Good omelettes, bagel platters, etc. (Rarely have I gotten an entree and recall it as OK.) I don't recommend the pastrami. Some of the wait staff can be a little surly. The owners and bosses can be a lot surly. With the demise of the late, great, nearby Casino Deli, it's pretty much the only game in town -- for the Welsh & Blvd. part of town.
While seated in a booth by the parking lot we were given glasses of water and told our waitress would be right with us.  5 minutes later I noticed a woman walking towards the diner smoking and stood outside our window while finishing her smoke.  When she comes in the waitress who gave us the water points to us and tells the smoking woman we are her table.  Without washing her hands she approaches our table and takes our order.  Needless to say I'm sure she never washed her hands.   That ruined my meal and because of that ruined my partners meal.  It was shift change time and all but one out of approx ten waitresses were smoking before they entered work.  REALLY GROSS!  We won't be back.
Best French Toast in Philly. 
It's the only diner that makes their own bread. The slices are big as FK and Fluffy. 
You gotta try it. 

This might be my favorite Diner in Philly. 
You see I review a lot of Diners. 
That one on 52nd and Market is tough to beat though. 

It's hard to find a diner that does Great Omelets, French toast and Hash browns.
I'm particular. I like Dry hash Browns. 
That means cooked to order and not sitting in a Vat of grease!
TD hash browns are ok. I've had better. 

TD has all the cheese you can ask for. 
I hate when I go to a diner and all they have is American cheese. That shit is disgusting. 

The buffalo wings are huge!
Burgers fkn top notch. 
Meatloaf is ...ok. 
They have ok Cheesecake. 

I hear The Aramingo diner has the best cheesecake in Philly but whenever I go there it's filled with Thugs from and hooligans.
Im not eating with Scumbags. 


Tiffany's always has nice patrons. 

Cons: It can get packed around 4pm.
The food was ok, some servers on the weekends, are  rude and not professional, it don't matter how much tips you leave for them. They're miserable.
Used to be a regular place for me to eat.  The last few times there I found the quality had dropped.  Stick to regular dinner food.
Came in with 3 other people and we were sat with a young waitress named "Paige". My friends and I look young so we're used to the annoyed attitude when a waitress "knows" were going be a bad tip. I actually seem to tip more than i should, working in Diner myself because i know how it feels to get a $2 tip on a $50 check. Paige was the worst. Rushed us and had an attitude the whole time. She even gave us the wrong order, but we hate to be the "complainers" so we ate what she gave us without a problem. After STILL leaving an amazing tip for horrible service, we proceed to pay upfront only to overhear the cashier saying Paige has been having the worst night (meaning she has been getting the worst customers out of everybody). Needless to say ill be taking the extra 2 mile drive down Cottman Ave to Country Club for better service.
Price is affordable, food is decent. Living in the northeast its just one of those go to places. Breakfast options are good, lunches are decent, dinners are okay (I wish the veggies weren't so limp..I think they were canned)
Pretty large diner in the NE. I've been coming here off and on for years but sadly it has slowly diminished in quality and I finally called it quits. The menu is extensive but any time I've had anything other than breakfast it has been disappointing. Sad to say, especially since it's right in the neighborhood.
This is my go-to diner, whenever I have diner cravings. It's better than most other diners because of the setup of the place and the ambiance it gives off. The waiters are a bit silly-dopey(on purpose, I'm sure)  and u can somewhat depend on the food. The burgers are good diner-burgers and the fries are the same. However on my last visit Friday night 4 am I had a waiter who didn't take down my order right and gave me very,very, very odd yellow pancakes.(And I'm talking about yellow, like yellow dye colored) And I mean I LOVE pancakes, but what the fuck is this? The taste was dry and I was just confused because this was not what I expected at all from Tiffany's. It's an alright diner still, but I'm a bit scared to try anything else. I ordered pancakes, sausage, scrambled egg, and home fries. The sausages were very small and skinny, which I found strange as well. I'm pretty sure I ordered pancakes and sausages there before so I'm just a bit thrown from my latest visit.  I'm still searching for the best diner in Philly for the price. And Tiffany's is a bit expensive for a diner.
This review is dedicated to Lee, our entertaining server who brought comedy, adventure, and broiled salmon. He'll serve you the best Reuben in town with a twinkle in his eye.

The place is very clean and spacious, one couple was looking to do their thanksgiving there! It's got a great old  diner vibe with large, comfortable booths and mirrors everywhere.

I got the French onion soup, broiled salmon, potato salad, and corn. My friend got the Reuben with fries and cole slaw. We ended with chocolate and rice puddings, Lee even brought us some extra whipped cream. We also got some cookies and cakes to go. Everything was cooked well, prompt, and delicious!

The Reuben is openfaced and HUGE. Definitely the best bang for your buck. If you can't stuff a dessert into your mouth after your filling meal, get one to go. You won't be sad.
Went there today for breakfast and the food was much to be desired. How do you microwave sausage links, it doesn't taste very good. I also viewed a customer waiting to be seated and when he told them that there was 2 in his party, the hostest informed him they could not seat him until the second person showed up. Viewing the restaurant they had plenty of tables and in my view customer service is very lacking in this restaurant. The customer was appaud about what he was informed and again she informed him not once but twice and walked away. I will never go back there and will inform friends and family of mine to stay away from this so called restaurant.
The food was what you expect from a diner.

As someone who loves food, all I can say is stick with what you know.  I can say the Chicken Quasidia did taste fresh.
Tiffany's (as we locals call it) is a great and often underrated diner. A big reason for that is people don't know what to order!

For example, Tiffany's has the best matzah ball soup in Philadelphia, hands down.  The chicken soup, if they have it, is good too.  Salads are good.  Breakfast too, such as eggs, homefries and toast/bagel, is spot on.

I think a lot of people don't understand what a Jewish-style diner is, and what the strengths of such a place are.  (the neighborhood used to be more Jewish, but has changed).  If you go to a diner and expect fancy sauces, crispy fried food and juicy perfect steaks, you're not grasping what a diner is.  (It's not a steakhouse, trendy restaurant, etc).  

So, for a good turkey club sandwich, soups, & breakfast, you can't beat it.
What can you say about this place other than good diner food? That's about it. They do diner food well. I mostly get breakfast and it's mostly pretty good. I prefer the french toast. It's good enough to keep me coming back at least twice a month. Service runs the gamut from downright charming to doesn't really want to be bothered, but I don't have too many complaints about the wait staff. 
You could do a lot worse in a diner. Ok, that's not exactly an endorsement. Tiffany's is a pretty good place to get a meal.
I would have never expected to give a diner four stars, or to want to share my diner experience with other people,  but the one experience I've had here, I was really impressed.

I went here for lunch and got the tuscan chicken panini. The food that came out was delicious. The panini didn't come with your typical panini bread, I swear it was some sort of pita bread that had been put into a panini press. It was soft and flavorful and surprisingly delightful. It was stuffed with chicken, roasted red peppers (yum!), mushrooms, and cheese. The proportions were perfect and I gobbled up the whole thing. The sandwich came with fries and a pickle, and I have to say that I really am not a french fry fan. I tend to be of the mindset of: if you have to put ketchup on it to eat it, it's not good. Well, I didn't need ketchup for these fries. They were cooked to perfection.

Moving on... the staff at this place is your typical diner staff - lots of older women who really go out of their way to "take care" of you and make sure you've got what you need. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive, and I couldn't have asked for better service.

I can't write a review without mentioning their desserts. Whatever you want, they're bound to have it. Cheesecakes, pies, specialty cakes, eclaires, cookies, the list goes on.

Definitely check this place out for lunch. I would imagine their breakfast would be equally as satisfying, though!
Going here for over 2 decades. Food is decent, soup is good, bread is usually fresh. Not many veggie options here and the waitresses can be uptight sometimes but not bad.
Went there the other day and I had one of the worst experience I ever had in a restaurant. Our food took a hour to get and then once we received it, it was cold.  Called over the manager the only thing he could say to us was "ok". Didn't try to resolve the problem or our concerns and then he wanted to charge us full price - awful food and lousy manager (nick was the manager)- my recommendation go to another place where at least the manager cares about his customers. My recommendation to Tiffany's - fire that manager.
My wife and I went to lunch on Saturday. The food was good the service left something to be desired. Our waitress didn't listen to us or seem to have time for us. Now whether she was on a long, bad shift, we were her customers at the time. She literally hovered over us as we filled out our bill. It felt wrong to left zero tip, but I felt justified at the time.
I sent this letter to the owner over 2 weeks ago and never received a response. This tells me how little the owner cares about customers and how their poor treatment is condoned at the highest level:
Dear Michael,
My family and I have been regular customers at your location at Tiffany's, at 9010 Roosevelt Blvd, for many years, which is in my neighborhood. On Friday, November 2 at 5:45 PM, my wife and I arrived for dinner. My wife's meal arrived, as ordered; however, I received a Turkey dinner with sauce instead of my actual order of Roasted Chicken. Since I had an upset stomach, I could not eat this meal with sauce. The waitress said she would be back shortly with the correct order. As my wife was finishing up eating and I had not received my meal, I requested to speak to the manager. The manager did not come, despite 3 requests over  1/2 hour time. I finally cancelled the order, as I was too upset to eat. Five minutes later, finally the manager arrives with the roasted chicken, which I had already cancelled. The manager did not say a single word to me-no explanation, no apology. The manager then went over to the waitress and reduced her to tears. I felt this was inappropriate, as I believe the problem was with the Kitchen and not her; especially, since I saw that the next table had complained about their Roasted Chicken dinner being raw inside. I know that any place can have a problem, but I judge you on how you handle the problem. Ignoring the customer with a problem and publicly berating staff is not a professional way to handle problems. As a side note, this is not the first time there have been problems with this specific manager. My aunt and Uncle had taken the family out (approx.. 20 people) to dinner on September 26 to break the fast for Yom Kippur. The service was very poor and we were there for 2 hours, which is a long time to wait when you have been fasting. The same manager was there at that time and did nothing to address the problems at that meal.
Best breakfast place any time of the day.  On weekdays before 11 you can have a great breakfast for under $5.  How can you beat that?!  If your a light eater, 2 eggs and home fries run about $3 with their special!  My favorite is that they're not trying to prove anything, their toast isn't weird, they won't butter it for you, eggs are exactly how you want them, and the home fries aren't soggy.  

But no matter what time of day.  This place is always running some kind of special.

Have the munchies? Come by when all the bar closes.  HILARIOUS!  Come be drunk and be merry with the rest of the drunks!  What's also important, is that this place is not your typical greasy spoon, it's CLEAN.  If a germaphobic me can eat there AND use their restroom so can you.
The only reason this establishment gets only 3 stars was the service.

I had eggplant parmigiana with mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach.  For dessert I had banana cream pie and coffee.  This was one of the best diner meals I've ever had!!  Loved the sauce on the eggplant and the homemade banana cream pie!

The server, however, was completely inattentive and left to take care of a group, which I found quite rude.   Another server had to take over.

While I would come here again, I would hopefully get a different server
This place used to be really good, & reasonable, but then the owner(s) opened up more diners, & passed the cost on to the customer. Still has good food, but I don't feel I should have to help pay for the operating costs of his other places. I was going to give them 3 stars, but backed it down to 2 because of the prices.
Went here for a quick bite in the AM forgetting that it was mother's day! Despite the rush,  our waitress was kind and attentive and we were seated right away.  I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes with whipped sweet butter which were nice and fluffy and not overwhelmingly sweet.  Paired with coffee it was a comforting meal.
I have been coming to tiffanys for over ten years and I have never seen it this bad. Business has really took a turn for the worse. Tiffanys has been known for many thing there excellent food and awesome service but now as new faces enter the diner food seems to take longer to reach the table and servers that are coming in look sick and high beings as though I'm a familiar face I have spoken with some of the waitresses that have been there a long time and what they say is in fact disgusting  that management does not care about the business but does care about only a certain genre ( the young girls he thinks he may have a chance of taking to bed ) rumor has it the caring stern boss has stepped down to watch the place crumble at the hands of one jealous man and his wicked step sister this is now employment for the methadone clinic or the drug addicts down the avenue sad once a very known very respected diner is falling apart action should be taken drug testing should be enforced the manager that's pants show the imprint of his private area should be reprimanded for his actions these waitresses that have stood in this establishment for years should not feel like they are less then the new young addicts sleeping at the waitress stations one older waitress explains this used to be her home away from home she says now with the new manager it's like a stressful war zone that they feel as though he wants to push them out the the halfway house girls get there next hit and we become homeless sad maybe someone should intervene maybe go to the news or start a petition
I just had the absolute WORST breakfast you could imagine. Waitress was clueless and must of had a long nite or still on from last night. Food was ice cold and under cooked. Asked for the manager after the 3rd time of dealing with this waitress.  While I am complaining about what was going on, he was looking at everyone else but me, so he was clueless to what I was complaining about. Couldn't get a 2nd cup of coffee to save my life. Their English was a nightmare!!!!!!! We usually never had problems before. They were supposed to discount the bill which turned into another situation.  I dont know if it's new owners or what but we will NEVER return. Horrible in every sense of the word! Yuk!
Today, my mom and dad went to Tiffany's for breakfast.  What a horrible experience!  The place was filled with flies and the seat in the booth was broken.  There were even flies on the light fixture.

The food was bland and fatty.

My mom did not touch her food at all - and the waitress didn't ask if everything was ok.  She just wanted to see if there was more coffee.

Find a better place to go!  If you have to keep swatting flies away, how clean is the kitchen?
Yesterday was Memorial Day, so the three of us (my mom, younger brother, and I) went to Tiffany's for dinner.  Since it was a beautiful, sunny day on this holiday, the locals likely went to the shore instead of the diner.  Anyhow, onto the details...

Upon entering, we were immediately seated by the congenial hostess in the carpeted dining room immediately to the right where you enter.  Aside from our table, there were only two other parties in the room, both finishing up their meals.  As we sat down, we were greeted by a congenial, slender middle aged woman and served complimentary freshly baked challah bread and ice water.  

We opened our menus and immediately zeroed-in on the dinner specials, which included entree, choice of two vegetables, and choice of soup or salad.  The prices were extremely fair with justification; you have to consider that the neighborhood is home to many seniors on fixed incomes.  Now, back to our meals.  My mom and I ordered fish entrees and my younger brother ordered a poultry dish.  Also, we ordered the beef barley soups and my younger brother opted for a tossed salad.

The waitress took our orders quickly and proceeded to punch them into the computer.  As we waited for our meals, we enjoyed the air conditioned dining room, and engaged in light conversation.  

Regarding the soup, it was not bad; by not bad, I mean it was not excessively salty and the veggies were chopped finely.  However, there was just a little "something" missing from it that prevented me from raving about it. As for our main dishes, we ordered baked grouper, baked tilapia and un-breaded chicken breast, accompanied by baked potatoes and mixed veggies.  The fish was nicely cooked, but not over cooked and the presentation was very nice.  The presentation also included a relatively small side of both cocktail and tartar sauces.  When I bit into the fish, it tasted very soft, yet cooked, and not overly salted.  Cooked to perfection in my view!  My mom echoed my sentiments and likewise enjoyed her selection.  The side dishes consisting of an oven browned baked potato and veggies was also nicely done.

All in all, the three of us enjoyed our meals.  The price point was fair, we were not rushed at all, and the dining room was virtually empty.   In closing, it was a pleasant experience, and that is why I am giving it 4 out of 5 stars.  Thanks for reading!
Disgusting! Do not eat here! L & I should be called! They need a course in food prep safety! How dare you serve this to anyone!!! Do not eat here! Do not eat here! Do not eat here!
My family and I went to this diner and the food was atrocious. Ordered from the chefs menu and I couldn't believe what I ate. My chicken was dryer than the Sahara desert and the only things that were edible were: the bread, matzo ball soup, and the two baked potatoes. My mother's fish was okay but the broccoli au gratin which had a roux sauce and the oven roasted potatoes which was gooked in way too much butter were inedible and unpalatable forced my mother to tell the waitress to take both side vegetables back to the kitchen. The waitress rejected my mother's request for a piece of cheesecake and only offered my mother a small of chocolate ice cream. My brother's tortellini dish wasn't eye appealing either. The owner didn't even want to give my mother a discount since it was father's day for her friend. All four of us wound up getting sick and nauseated after eating this diners food. The owner should be ashamed of himself for not making customers like me happy and to be blunt with you we will never go back to Tiffany's Diner even if you gave me a million dollars. This diner needs to be closed for improvement.
I wish I could say that it's just average, but I actually think it's slightly worse than average.  In contrast to some other reviews, our service was good but the food was bland, and cheaply made. 

The mass produced "coated" fries, cheese wiz, turkey gravy that seemed to be from a jar and more. The only things that were pretty good were the side salad (decent size) and the apple sauce (tough to screw up). Anything that was actually cooked, was marginal. 

Our servers were fairly attentive and polite. There's too many better options locally.  Won't be back.
I've been going to Tiffany's for years. They remodeled, I'm assuming during COVID and it's beautiful. Menu options have changed as well. Service was good, food was good. Would go back if I'm in the area.
I love Tiffany's. The salads are good, the burgers (especially the California) are good, the breakfast is good, the early bird specials are cheap and you get a ton of food. And they're open all night! A great neighborhood restaurant.
This place is great after a night of drinking.  The food is so-so but when your drunk it will be amazing.  This place is huge so you will never have to wait to be seated.  Not to mention there is plenty of on site parking.
This was my second visit to Tiffany's. The owner (who saw us when we walked in) chose to finish his conversation with another employee for another minute before deciding to greet us and seat us. Our waitress was not overly friendly but did give quick and accurate service. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with home fries and my boyfriend got the 2 eggs any style with rye toast and scrapple. We both enjoyed our meals, and I thought the prices were reasonable ($25 check including the tip).
