Wow... Just faced my first experience dealing with discrimination. Maybe I'm blind to it all but I really did not think that incidents like this still happened... Especially in a major city.

So we just finished a amazing birthday dinner and wanted to grab a few drink before calling it a night. We decided to head over to Time since it was close by and drinks there are usually decent.

One of my friends went in and I was just about to pull out my ID when the bouncer tells my friend he needs to leave and was no longer going to let him and our group in. We asked why and he would not even explain and just stated that our group wasn't allowed in. Really?!? No reason what so ever. Just because. Was 5 Asian people just one too many!?

I have no words. All I know is that I will never return to this establishment again and I'd advise others to stay away as well. So so disappointed.
A five dollar cover and beat service on my last visit is the reason for my downgrade.  Cover charges are for places that make Arthur Kade feel special and shore bars.  

Time is never the destination, yet it can be a viable option when you find yourself in the Midtown area without a plan (just not on Saturday night - see cover charge).  That's probably not the best description to give a place, but it's accurate for Time.
What do you get when you mix one part Jazz Club with one part Bar and one part DJ Club?  Time.

While I found the Jazz portion amazing, the others just seemed ok.  Honestly, I'd still give the place four stars until you factor in the prices.  While the themes may be divided up nicely, the prices were all upscale.  Fair enough for the Jazz portion were my drinks are served in glasses, but not quite right for the watered down plastic cup offerings upstairs.

I'll end by saying I had an amazing time and considering the lack of good Jazz options in the city will keep this place in mind.
Consistent excellence, without the pretentiousness. Every time I'm here, I'm happy.

This old-world venue wouldn't be out of place in Europe. The side bar (either one) is rustic-but-comfortable, and is, especially on nights with live jazz, the perfect place to relax. Plus, look closely at the bar and you'll see quite a selection of absinthe. No complaints about service, either. (Thanks to server Drew and bartender Shane!)

Their menu's pricey but always high-quality: Their tender grilled BBQ chicken skewers, moist sliders (with bacon, jack, and caramelized onions), and the fresh salmon and ahi tuna salad are highly recommended, so make every effort to stop in.
If I had been dropped into TIME with a blindfold on and not allowed to look out the ginormous front window, I would NEVER have known it was once Ludwig's.  The place is so brightly lit and gorgeously decorated that it is nearly impossible to believe that just months ago it was that dirty bar with waitresses wearing ridiculous period garb.  

The massive chandelier in the dining room doesn't even give me PTSD!!! (that's another story  but I will share if asked)  I like the way the back wall is 'clocked out' as I put it, which means lined with various clocks and paintings of clocks.  I don't usually approve of the names of places being literally translated into the interior decoration, but clocks are cool.

All three bars are stunning.  The whiskey bar (the one on the right when you walk in) is shiny and stocked with all kinds of grainy goodies.  The dining room is like the opposite--light, airy, spacious and pretty minimal.  I guess in terms of the literal translation of the bar name, it's like night and day.

My favorite bar, however, is the absinthe lounge, located upstairs.  It's their 'club' and while I'm not normally into clubs, I am when they serve absinthe. Particularly when they do it with beautiful glass water fountains,  spoons and sugar.  And when it's quality absinthe, I am a very happy girl.  I hope they keep this lounge on the down-tempo side and don't play boring house music.  

The food is definitely steakhouse-type and very geared toward bovine flesh. Maybe not a good thing for a vegetarian, but they do have fish and chicken options.  Everything was very tasty except for the cheese plate which could use some imagination.

The only thing that keeps me from going back frequently is the price-tag.

[full disclosure: TK, my fiance, is a bartender at TIME but as always I try to be forthright and keep my biases to myself]
This review is strictly for Time in it's evening bar scene capacity. For some reason, I have still not stopped by for dinner but promise to update Yelp as soon as that happens!

Both pre-pandemic and in these kind of (but not really) post-pandemic times, Time is one of my favorite spots to go out in Philadelphia. The drinks are delicious, there is something for everyone in your group, and the staff is really great. They even have live music!

When describing what I mean by "something for everyone", I have told friends that it's like a live music jazz bar, sports bar, and dj dance bar all in one. If you want to enjoy live music, walk in and go to the room to your left. If you want to chill while a sports game is on then go to the room on your right. Neither of those options sound appealing? Head up the stairs to the dance floor where there is a DJ playing fun music. Each room has it's own bar. 

There is usually a $5 cover on the weekends, but this is pretty fair for what you get. I also love that I can ask for water and don't get snubbed like some other bars (that charge WAY higher covers) in the neighborhood do.
I'm so torn. 3 stars because this place should not have a $5 cover. Seems ridiculous to me. But...people are clearly paying it, so it's quite literally paying off. 3 stars because the upstairs part of this bar is a sweaty, sometimes creepy, sometimes beer-soaked bonanza. BUT--4 stars because you can essentially experience three fully separate venues that are actually all the same establishment. 4 stars because the jazz band on the first floor is such a lovely antithesis to the madness upstairs. So I'm going with 4 stars. Why? Because you can essentially make an entire night of hanging out here. You can spend all of your time....at Time. Brilliant, I know. This place is so (p)un(inviting). 

I've been here twice, both times being on the weekend. My first time here I didn't even realize that the adjacent whiskey/sports bar was part of the same establishment, but indeed it is. Depending on what mood you're in (and even if you can't decide what mood you're in), you can usually find something that suits your fancy (unless you're looking for a quiet place)--it's a choose your own adventure type of bar. Downstairs, you can opt for the whiskey bar (typical sports bar layout--small tables scatter around with a few long/communal tables plopped in there) or the jazz club (most low-key of the three, classiest room as well). Upstairs, as other reviewers have described, is the dance floor.

I love dancing. A lot. So both times I've been here, dancing was on the menu. The DJ is fine, not really notable in any way. While the upstairs space gets absurdly loud and crowded, me and six other friends managed to carve out a little section of the dance floor. Yes, personal space was violated at times, but only infrequently. Yes, there will likely be a creep or two who will do that little proximity do-si-do with you (as in, he will not boldly dance-confront you but rather will dance juuuust inside your personal bubble--the most passive of invitations) but in my experience, people take the hint. 

So, if you find yourself dancing upstairs for an extended period of time, sweating is inevitable. While some people might not mind this, I take this as a cue to go downstairs. If you've decided that you've met your dancing quota for the night, chilling out a bit in the jazz room is a nice respite from the party overhead. I'm a big fan of jazz clubs, so I quite enjoy this. Both times I've been here, the band has ranged from competent to somewhat talented, and band members (in my experience) will happily mingle/answer questions from overly curious patrons like myself. In this space, you can sit down, take a load off, get table service and listen to some good music. For someone like me who likes to have the option of taking a break when the typical nightlife scene gets to be a bit much, this is much appreciated. Some may call this laziness...I argue convenience. As Yelp puts it: "Yay! I'm a fan."
This review is strictly on the service my group of 4 received while at Time.

Both the manager and the servers at this place are extremely rude, we left this place (almost forced out) by the discriminating management and staff at this location.
If you're looking for a place with live music, better staff, and an overall better atmosphere check out Sutton's Parlor or anywhere but here.

The story- I had 3 friends visiting from Germany, we walked in at about 8:50pm. 
We walked in and immediately liked the live music atmosphere. When we sat down, the waiter was quick to come and take our order. We ordered what we wanted to drink and showed our ID's (my friends have German ID's and I have a WA state enhanced ID). The waiter seemed to be okay with this and walked away with the order. 
This is where my fairy tale ends.. This quickly turned into THE worst experience I've had in a restaurant. I will tell tales of this for awhile. 
The waiter came back and told us "Your ID's are foreign so we cannot serve you alcohol" hmm last time i checked WA state isn't a foreign country. But okay. One of my friends hadn't eat since morning, I felt bad for her so i didn't press the waiter on the subject. We spent the next 5 minutes looking at what we wanted to eat. Then we spent 25 minutes waiting for our waiter to come back. 
I actually had to get up out of me seat and ask for service.. to which he replied "Oh I was waiting for you to leave actually" I said "excuse me?" He replied back and said "it is 9:10pm we will have to ask you to leave at 10pm because it gets crowded and we cant keep track of the alcohol". I'm sorry, did you just make up a rule? This man was basically telling us to eat fast or GTFO. 
I composed myself and politely asked him to bring out his manager hoping someone had better reasoning skill then this guerrilla speaking to me.
The manager came out, who I think prides himself on being a ... never mind.
I told the manager what was happening, and that we didn't really care about the alcohol because we could just go somewhere else. But my friend was hungry and all we wanted to do was order food. He mirrored what the waiter had said to me. 
I asked him if this was an actual law he was quoting.. he dodged the question and stated "you would have 30 minutes to eat, that's it." I replied back with "wow, this is probably the worst experience I've ever had in my life at a restaurant". To which he replied "i'm sorry you feel that way" which can be translated to "I don't agree with you, GTFO". 

Okay fine, at this point we happily left, and resumed our journey 1 block down the road to spice 28 (which btw has AMAZING service). Alcohol also wasn't an issue there either. Time used to be a pretty cool place, but their management staff is a clog in a toilet bowl that needs to be flushed out. Sorry Yelper's but go elsewhere for a good night, there are plenty of options in Philly :)
Ho. Ly. Shit. 

Redo!

Okay, so I told myself I'd stay away on weekends on account of line/crowd/cover charge/club situations that I try to avoid in my increasingly sparse spare time.

However, the line moved quickly, and the cover was only five (5) bucks. What? Five bucks for live music on a Saturday night? Yes, please.

So I get there with my friends in tow, and we order some Absinthe. The "Lucid." It's got your standard menthol/licorice/sassafras flavoring, and came with absinthe spoons, sugar cubes, and a neat ice water drip (though when I had it in Ukraine, it was warm water. Can't say it made a huge difference).

I had mine with half a sugar cube and maybe 3 cl of water. This is all on top of my 3 glasses of wine and a gin tonic before arriving at Time. Needless to say, it was strong - every sip had a nice punch to it. As I drank more, people got friendlier. Or maybe I got more talkative. Whatever.

So, after all of that, it was club time. Or Club Time. Get it? Syntactical pun, huzzah!

We go upstairs, and I expect to hear the standard top 40 garbage that makes me feel like I'm prematurely becoming an old man, especially since I really do get nostalgic about 80's music - however lame - they're spinning old school R&B, hip hop, and house music that I actually found myself enjoying. Seriously - they played some solid gold tunes that night. Jay-Z's "Money Ain't a Thang" and "Big Pimpin'?" Mr. Cheeks' "Lights, Camera, Action?" I haven't heard those since high school, and I immediately remembered  how much I wished other clubs would play this stuff. Danced all the alcohol out of my system. 

The only problem with the upstairs club was that it was dark. As in darker than the darkest club you've been to. I feel like it wouldn't be a problem if they turned on the disco ball. Meh. Still had a blast. Will be back with many more people in the near future. It was also crowded, but not any more than any other popular place - somehow, I still felt less boxed in than the times I've been to G-Lounge. 

Pro-tip: Dance. Dance, dance, dance. If you're on the dance floor, you should be breakin' it down.
If you like to be treated like a criminal cornered in a third world prison like customer service go to Time on Samson st in Philadelphia! 
According to their  no personality general manager it is simply their procedure that if you are running a large tab (a good customer?? Ours was $471 plus a $50 tip) they reward you not by free drinks but by unleashing their muscle heads on you because you are considered a high flight risk!! shocking it did happen in the US and this is how it unfolded: we left at least half an hour after we paid(enough time to alert their no brain-muscle-heads so they could quietly follow their procedure and discreetly double check whether our bill had been settled or not!!) To our surprise a muscle head followed us to the street as we were leaving and in front of the people waiting in line he asked us loudly if we had paid our tab we said yes why ? and his response was wait here until I confirm your response ( police like tone) now after he  had made us feel like food thieves, we deemed it necessary to follow him inside as now we had an innocence to prove!! Once inside we demanded both an explanation and an  apology and by now we are dealing with a whole bunch of muscle heads who stormed in in an attempt to intimidate us by acting like bullies and by being so disrespectful to my sister (they had no idea who they were messing with!) this went on for a good 15 minutes when their only worry seemed to take us outside so the other customers won't hear what they did ( we paid our bill we are no longer customers I guess!) This screaming muscle flexing match lasted a good 15 minutes before the no personality  GM graced us with his presence, looking all bothered, after his bs speech that was as dismissive as it was pathetic, he refunded us some money to show how sorry he was. 
Don't spend money at TIME on Samson Philadelphia they don't like it. If you do by accident be warned you will get their fleet of muscle heads on you like a rash!
This is the worst customer service in all of the 23 countries I visited. Shame on you Time on Samson Philadelphia! shame on you! I'm asking yelp to change their rating to allow us to rate no star Time  deserve no star
TIME is one of my favorite spots in Center City. They have excellent LIVE jazz downstairs every evening. The atmosphere is dark and lit by candlelight. It's a great place to bring a date, or a group looking to have some cocktails and dinner. The crowd here is well dressed and I would say late 20's and older. The bar menu is always a winner, with dishes around $10. The dinner menu is a little pricier, with entrees about $18. In another room downstairs you find yourself in a completely different environment.  This is a more casual crowd. Having drinks and sitting around listening to music. Finally, you make your way upstairs. Where you find a dance party happening. Everyone is dancing and having a great time. I like to start downstairs and have a light bite (the mussels are excellent) and than head upstairs for another drink and some dancing. I always have an amazing TIME at TIME!
I stopped by on a Saturday night for one of PaperStreet's parties upstairs in the Absinthe Lounge (totally worth it to check out DJ's Brendan Bring'em & The Rub's DJ Ayres). On the upside: I liked the decor a lot; I especially appreciated the stark white exposed brick wall that displayed projections. The dance floor was energetic but not "I'm gonna get crabs from this guy next to me" packed, and I always appreciate that. The woman at the door was quite nice (those PaperStreet kids always are) and the crowd was diverse, stylish and in good spirits. So that's cool. But the bar was crazy and I heard a few folks TIME-ing how long they had been waiting for their drinks (one dude said 30 minutes but who knows. Maybe he had absinthe, which makes seconds feel like an eternity, and only thought he had waited 30 minutes, when in reality he hadn't even placed his order yet).

The only other negative was the couple who decided to go for it in plain sight of everyone in attendance. Seriously, they might have made a baby like, 3 feet away from me. That's kinda gross. Amusing, but also gross.
Pretentious, snobby bartenders. A very poor experience. We went in for a drink and the bartender acted like we were bothering her. She waited on others and paid very little attention to us. She never came to ask us if we wanted another drink or to check on us. Very young crowd served by a pretentious bar staff. It's too bad because the jazz was nice. If you are over 40, I suggest you stay away unless you want to be treated poorly. Definitely will not be back.
4 stars for the music, 3 stars for the place. Time is a local venue in center city with live music. I enjoyed the bands that were playing when I went there last Tuesday to meet up with some friends.
 It was open mic night and the band knew many styles of music. Some of the singers were just so so but it was great to sit and have an adult beverage and enjoy live music in Philly. Our town is in my humble opinion, not the greatest place to view live music. Sometimes being older like me and comparing it to the great venues of the past is a huge disadvantage.
 I did not get to try any of the food because of the late hour. so I had drinks and they were a tad expensive to me. But I will return and try the food and listen to some more great music.
l may not have made many of the classes at LaSalle during my one year stint there, but I always tried to attend all the basement parties, so the upstairs of Time brought back quite a lot of happy memories for me. Sweaty sorority sisters dancing, groping, and falling.... a DJ mixing the hot jams (except for those four times he forgot to cue up the next track).... me switching drinks twice because ol' alchy emmett drank them out of their reserves (I just can't get enough of that grape vodka).... and that awesome 1:30 ugly lights-dance off/ hookup scramble. I felt like an Explorer all over again, but had the added enjoyment of no TKE or FIJI guys trying to beat me up. 

Didn't spend much time downstairs because the lady birthday party I was out for all brought their dancing shoes, but the live band was playing some real chill music the couple of times I cruised in for a pint (only a limited variety of generic bottles upstairs. Oddly though, they did have Lionshead). The feel I got from it was that, just like when it was Ludwig's, I would seriously enjoy the whole scene. I miss the frauleins in their Pauli's getup, but Time is still a solid bar.
Time is a decent fallback spot in Center City when options are up in the air. Everyone should find something to like, mainly due to the arrangement of the space. Three bar spaces punctuate Time, 2 downstairs and 1 up. The room on your right upon entering reminds me of a classy sports/whiskey bar in its arrangement and ambiance (loud and boisterous, dark woods). The room on the left's atmosphere is more relaxed, akin to a jazz lounge. It's a chill space and my favorite of the three, but also the hardest to snag a seat. Finally, the loud upstairs fulfills the role of club with a dance floor, huge crowds, and epileptic lighting. Best avoided unless you want to dance and are into that sort of thing.

Time would be a solid four stars if not for the service and prices. Time advertises itself as a whisky bar, so I expect the waiters to give me something other than a comatose stare when I ask for a recommendation on a bourbon. I'm no expert on whisky, but I could've guided a patron through the long whisky list with more than a shoulder shrug. Also, everything is priced a few bucks more than it needs to be (except the beers, they have a respectable, reasonably priced tap list). There's no reason a Maker's Mark rocks should be above $10 at this type of joint, and I shouldn't have to pay cover (even if it's only $5) for the privilege of ordering it.

I can't comment on the food, but as far as bars in Center City go, you can do much worse than Time. You'll get the ambiance you want in one of the three rooms, but prepared to shell out a tidy sum for it.
Miss Mary Mack Mack Mack's mother gave her $0.15 to see the boys, boys, boys pull down their... wait, what mother gives little Mary striptease money?

Well, you'll hear about the answer to that, and many other things at the Erotic Literary Salon, which occupies the 2nd floor of TIME every 3rd Tuesday of each month!

My mom-escape date with myself this week was to explore a genre of writing I know little about, by attending this fun erotica event! They start off with adult sex ed (anonymous questions in a jar), with a well-established sexologist answering, as well as audience input. Then, open mic for an earful of crazyazz stories! From true tales direct out of the mouth of a young dominatrix (who may also have been advertising), to erotic fiction (read by a local author, from his book) about a naughty boy who got it on with Zeus, despite the wrath and fury of Hera! Any and all can sign up to read, and whatever form of prose you have will do. We heard about spanking fetishists, car fetishists, one dude's poem on his oral technique, etc. OMG, I did not realize how virginal my ears were, but man, they got deflowered Tues night!

The crowd was standing room only at the climax of the eve, with people of all kinds of cultural / sexual / age diversity. You'll find outrageous characters here, as well as vanilla beans. And everyone from virgins to old playboys! 

On one side of me, there were two Bryn Mawr College students, and on the other, a 71yo man singing songs about polyamory. The sexologist who runs it, even tells her own wild tales, when she introduces various segments of the 4-hour night!

In the Q&A portion, I learned the best sex toy stores in Philly, and why not to go to others, that there are Rxes for a vacuum device, book recommendations, info on tantra workshops, and a HOST of other clubs, events, etc. you can join. They even had samples of free lube, which a nearby couple was so excited to find.

When I returned to my table after a trip to the ladies room, someone had left a caricature of me at my seat. LOL! It was NOT flattering. Not sure if someone has a weird humiliation fetish or what, but at least I wasn't peed on.

I have to admit, when I sang "Miss Mary Mack" in grade school, I always thought when I got to middle school, I'd be offered the $0.15 show... I never was...until now!

This is a very interesting, artful, fun event, done with humor and respect for everyone in the room. There were couples, singles, girls' night groups, etc. People all out for a fun time, and to cheer others on! 

TIME itself:
I arrived early and left a little late so I could enjoy the TIME venue, it's food, and drinks. When you enter, there is a sports bar atmosphere on the right, and live music in the whiskey bar on the left. Upstairs is the event room in the Absinth Lounge, where this event was held!

The music at HH was chill and relaxing. Very jazzy / bluesy, which I really like. It was such a nice touch to have music that early, and then they had an edgier band playing later that night. Most places don't offer one act on a Tues night, let alone two. I thought both were great! Can't wait to go back for more!

My waiter downstairs was super helpful with my questions about choosing a whiskey flight, and the bartender upstairs was truly professional, and totally kind about handing out free, tipless ice water to everyone all night too.

I had a $28 Maker's Mark whiskey flight, and a $5 HH chicken sandwich, which were both great. HH is from 5-7pm, very convenient timing! There was an option of fries on the HH menu, which I saw a lot of people get. I wish I'd ordered it because it looked delish! Put it this way, I heard all kinds of tantalizing stories that night, and maybe it was the drinks, but all I dreamt about all friggin' night was pursuit of those fries! Next time, TIME!

*  *  *  *  *
Again, every 3rd Tuesday (of EVERY MONTH), the 2nd Floor is host to the Erotic Literary Salon event, from 6:30pm to 10:30pm. Yes, FOUR HOURS! $10 or $12 (cash) gets you in the door, depending on seating preference. There is a bar in the event room, so you have your own bartender, and he also gives full menu service. Next one is 12/17/19!!! Come one, come all! Get superfreaky, yaow!
Not a bad place. I feel this is more of a happy hour place though than a Friday or Saturday night place. Beer variety, I felt, was lacking. They had a few different beers but not an overabundant amount of them so if you like gastros this place might fall a little short of what you're looking for. I prefer wine or mainstream beer like Stella, Corona and Michelob Ultra and things like that so it wasn't really a good place for me.

I've never eaten here but I hear the food is pretty good. Not 4 or 5 star good but above average for "I'm drinking and really hungry" food.

Bottom line; Average city bar with above average "drunk" food.
Waitress Ashley was a total rude bitch. First she tried to stop me from sitting at a table saying, "tables are for service only" I looked bewildered and told her we were looking for service. My boyfriend and I sat down and she walked by us 6 times ( yes 6 we counted) and didn't say a word. Seeing as how it was almost 11 and the kitchen closed at 11, he went and summoned her to take our order. She finally came and took our order and was very short w/ him...Paid me no nevermind and it was totally weird and awkward. Bar is ok but the staff needs  customer service and diversity training.
Time has been on my places-to-try list for awhile now, so when a change of scenery was suggested after a couple drinks at nearby XIX on Saturday night, I finally got to check it out.  There are three main areas: a hip hop lounge upstairs, a smaller pub-like bar to the right of the main entrance, and a larger bar/restaurant on the left, which featured live jazz.  Almost every seat in the jazz bar was taken but there was still some standing room on the far side.  There was only one bartender so it was a little bit of a wait for drinks, but he had a good handle on the situation as a whole, all things considered.

I decided to try absinthe and made my selection from a list of options, none of which I knew anything about other than the listed ABV number.  The process was showy; water dripped from a big glass canister onto a sugar cube that rested on a spoon over the absinthe.  The end result tasted like a liquid version of Good & Plenty candy.  It was nice to try something different but it is unlikely that I'd order it again.  

Overall, I really loved Time.  The vibe was on point, the people were chill and the jazz was a refreshing change from typical loungey background music.  I'd love to go back for dinner sometime as the food coming out of the kitchen smelled amazing.  I'll definitely return.
I went here during Beer Week to sample some beers and enjoy a quiet dinner. We were the only people in the restaurant section, which would normally bother me, but it was actually pretty relaxing. We got the $30 dinner special which includes an app, entree, and dessert. For the price you do get a good amount of food. The service was great and the food came out in perfect increments. Everything was delicious and we cleaned our plates. I would recommend this for a week day dinner location.
For my first restaurant week try of 2016, Time was a fun experience. I loved the ambiance, decor, and live music. There were times when the music got a bit loud, but it was really enjoyable ( such as a little jazz rendition of "Fools Rush In")

We stuck with the restaurant week menu, although many items on the regular menu were jumping out at us (duck confit, chicken & waffles..)

We both got to start out with a deviled egg, pickled veg, and a smoked salmon mousse canape. Every bite was packed full of flavor.

For the second course, we shared the caramelized onion & mushroom soup and pork rillette. The soup was beyond delicious, especially with the fried shallots. The pork rillette could have packed more of a punch as the flavor was a bit subtle. The grilled bread was a nice vehicle and although the pickled onions were great, they overpowered the pork. 

Next was a risotto course. Loved every bite!! It was perfectly cooked with a creamy texture and the butternut squash bites added nice texture to the dish. 

For the main dish, he went with the Bucatini with mushroom ragu and I was all about the Salmon with brussel sprouts, bacon and a rutabaga puree. Both dishes were hits and plates were cleared!!

Onto dessert..this got a little more interesting. He dove into his bread pudding and I always love Chocolate Pot de Creme. First bite, SALTY. Hmm, maybe they were putting sea salt on which would have been fun, but no.. I went for a second bite to just make sure..SALTY! So I looked at him and said taste and let me know your thoughts. He got excited as he scooped this really smooth and creamy dessert onto his spoon and as soon as he tasted it, we both started laughing. Salty desserts are an inside joke for us. He said, it's salty. I said no, it's a salt lick. LOL

The server was walking by and I think he noticed I wasn't touching the Pot de Creme. As he cleared the other empty plate he asked, was that by chance salty? Extremely. The server admitted that one other table said the same thing and they think the pastry chef grabbed the salt instead of sugar..which would make sense. He insisted on bringing out a new one and I caved. This one, although the flavor was great, it was pretty damn thick. 

All in all, it was a good time at Time :)
This little place is fun for weekday happy hours. A colleague and I went for a quick bite and spirits. 

We shared the Mac-N-cheese with crab meat & bacon and grilled veggies. Both were absolutely delicious.

There is ample parking with the Holiday Inn Express  being right across the street. If you're interested in dessert, there are a few fun places close by too.

***UPDATE***
Several days after visiting Time, the charge appeared on my bank statement. My bill for that night was for $52.42 and I added a $10.00 tip bringing my total to $62.42. My bank statement reflected an additional $10.00 had been added.  I can't begin to tell you how chagrined I am that an establishment like this would allow their wait staff to commit such petty desperate acts of thievery on patrons. I still have my receipt & my writing is quite legible where it shows I wrote $62.42 as to what I would pay. There are no scratch out marks on my receipt and my 6 does not in any way look like a 7. I have disputed the charge with my bank but calls to management at Time have gone on deaf ears. I don't remember my servers name but according to my receipt the server ID is 100 Whiskey. He was a tall and thin young African-American male with an afro that poofed out like a mushroom. He worked behind the bar in the dining area (right side) that night.

You may patron this establishment if you wish, just be warned that the one young man stole money. I hate to make assumptions but I'm sure this isn't the first, nor last time it's been done. It just happened to be me this time.
The place was a bit pricey, but what can you expect from a wine bar/restaurant, whiskey bar, and absinthe lounge. I'm not a big whiskey drinker, so my draw was the absinthe. The Absinthe lounge upstairs is only open on weekends + thurs night. We were there on a Tuesday (after the Elite party at Mexican Post), so we sat at the whiskey bar. It was a simple and dark atmosphere, with clean lines and somewhat empty walls. This in totally stark contrast to the wild plant life I remember at the old Ludwigs establishment. If you haven't had the absinthe, I recommend that you try it at least once. No one in our group really cared for it, but I'll probably try to make my way back to at least check out the upstairs.
I have passed by Time a few times, and have never bothered to walk in, as I can not commit to live bands I don't know AND have to pay a cover to hear. BUT, I'm really glad that in this particular night, we came and got there early enough to miss the cover, but late enough that it wasn't empty. There is minimal seating area, but just enough to make some friends. If you do require seating, make sure to get here early. 

We met up with friends upstairs which had a really cool lounge vibe. The DJ was great, playing 90s hip hop and rnb, I was completely in love with every song. After about an hour the place went form semi empty to cramped like a club! Despite the blistering cold weather outside, ladies were decked in crop tops and plunging necklines in here. 

I can't say much for the downstair bars, as they had much more seating room and were so packed, I didn't even bother to stay. It is a very odd layout, making it feel like almost 3 different bars in one. Which is cool if it's winter and you don't want to bother with your coat everywhere. 

We came outside for some air and at 11 pm on Friday night there was a line down the block, which for me is ridiculous. They were already charging a cover and drinks are not very cheap inside. So for me the biggest selling point is that you can come in a big group, get your dance on and do some great people watching.
I've been a longtime fan of Time for their live jazz bar, chill whiskey bar, and vibrant upstairs dance floor. Unfortunately, I can't say I'll every bring my friends back after my experience tonight. As someone who has remained sober my whole life, I was baffled as to why the bouncer tonight, who wasn't the one who I usually see working the door, refused me entry because I was "too drunk" or "on something." I can easily forgive him for this inaccurate assessment; I had jogged up the ramp to the door and showed him my ID with a big old smile on my face for no reason other than I was in a great mood. However, what shocked me was that he refused to let me in after subsequent conversations in which he clearly could have deduced that, contrary to his initial assessment, I was sober, level-headed, polite, respectful, and did not raise my voice, get physical or act threatening. I explained that I was the Designated Driver for a large group of friends who were out celebrating a birthday, and was trying to regroup with them in Time.

I'm not calling for this possibly new bouncer to be fired. I'm merely pointing out that if I'm the owner/manager of a popular nighttime bar, it would be in my best interest to hire a more reasonable and competent staff with an emphasis on intellect and common sense.
This will always be my go-to dance spot if I'm in a group where half want live music and the other half want a DJ.  You get the best of both worlds here.

I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it since I've been coming here for many years now, albeit infrequently.  I actually wish I came here more, but sometimes it does get WAY too packed inside and then if you're stuck in a long line outside in the cold because they're at capacity, you kinda wanna give up and go somewhere a little more lowkey. I can vouch for the bouncer situation people complain about- if you get there early enough before the crowds, you probably won't deal with much bullshit, but if you come at midnight with a large group, it can be a hassle.  I presume they're just done dealing with peoples' drunk nonsense by that point (and truly are at capacity since it's pretty damn full in there), but it can be kinda off-putting.  Cover is only $5 for girls, though, which is nice.

Why 4 stars then?  Well, the music here is just too good and the 3 different rooms, each with its own vibe, really take the cake for me.  

WHISKEY BAR:  Plus side- this is great if you want music only as background noise and are looking to simply drink and talk without shouting over one another.  And even though it looks crowded, always get your drink here first as the wait here really isn't bad at all (next door and upstairs are much longer waits for drinks).  Down side- it has morphed into douchebag central- hoards of men in groups who will grab your tit at the bar (this has happened before, which is why I steer clear of this general area).

UPSTAIRS: Plus side- it's a non-pretentious, fun, dancy, grimy, dark, disco light nightclub- somehow you think you'll never make it through the sea of people but just venture a bit and you'll manage to find a spot to plant yourself and dance.  Most times the music is just right- a perfect blend of throwback hiphop and reggaeton peppered with mainstream rap and the occasional top 40 pop hit. Down side- it's much harder getting drinks up here since it's full of people dancing and sweating and the bar is much tinier.  Sometimes it's so hot, it's unbearable- DON'T wear long pants here if you can avoid it.  The bathroom smell can waft its way through the dance floor also.

JAZZ BAR:  Plus side- this is my favorite part by far.  It's not just that annoying saxophone riff jazz or smooth piano elevator music jazz- it's completely elevated and funky and rock and roll with hints of reggae.  The Living Sample was the band last night (I think they're the resident house band but I'm not positive) and they are just amazing.  I don't know if they plan the music or if it's all improvised like a jam band, but either way, it works.  The combo of drums, keyboard, bass, and electric jazz guitar with no vocals or shitty covers makes for a really great night out if you're craving something other than a generic DJ pressing play.  If you manage to snag a table, a server will come around so you don't need to go to the bar for drinks which is always nice.  Down side- the dining tables along the back wall and by the window PLUS the way too gigantic bar makes for zero room to move and dance.  You kinda have to awkwardly just tap your foot and bump your head and even then, you feel like you're right on top of the people trying to eat dinner who now have absolutely no view of the band.  Not set up in the best way possible, but it's still a fun time.

The crowd here is diverse in age and I love it- I'm in my late 20's and I brought someone in their early 30's here, plus my 68-year-old aunt who had a blast.  I saw gray-haired single men hitting on women my age, old married couples enjoying a glass of wine with their live music, freshly 21-year-olds, well-dressed business types in their 30's, and flannel-clad music aficionados.  This place really has something for everyone.
Time's not even been open a week but it was much anticipated.  It's in the former Ludwig's space on Sansom which is pretty large but unrecognizable (apparently, I never went to Ludwig's).  My husband and I went there last night for an early dinner and were among the first to arrive.  Actually we were the only diners I saw when we were there, again they just opened.  

It's owned by the French couple who runs Vintage but Time does Whiskey not wine.  Which was great for my whiskey drinking husband but not for his wine drinking wife.  The menu was pretty one dimensional.  About 8-11 entrees and 4 were steak.  Then there was a veal, pork, chicken and something else.  We ended up doing several apps because none of the entrees really appealed to me.  We had the oysters Rockefeller- which were deep fried and delicious.  The anti-pasti was huge for the $14 price tag and the best thing we ordered.  We also got a seafood bisque which was over salted and blah.  

But we got a table in front of the open window and though that block of Sansom is less than beautiful is was pretty entertaining watching the stream of commuters at eye level, all jealous of my cocktail and relaxation.  

We will be back for drinks, maybe not dinner unless we have a hankering for steak frites.  I did hear that they are going to open an upstairs lounge that will be all house music.  I am anxiously awaiting that development.  They may tweak a few things and I know they can do good food  as we love Vintage.  I guess we'll have to wait and see.
This was exactly what I was looking for the other night. Cool space, dim, romantic, good beer list and absinthe. The table was not too large nor the volume of the music too loud so I did not have to shout or say what? a hundred times to my date. Music was cool and live jazz trio was choice. Food was decent, server was good, knowledgeable and efficient. Absinthe for dessert is always interesting. I will definitely be back.
I loved the decor of the whiskey bar, but the service sucked and the fries tasted like they had been dry rubbed. Ugh. We had a group of eight, but our waiter was a joke and the bartender refused to serve us. seriously. So then we wandered up to the absinthe lounge. The walk up the stairs looked promising - draped ceilings, cascading fabric, prints - i felt like i was going to enter some sort of European den of sin or something. Things were looking up. Then the hallway (similarly decorated) revealed - a huge empty white room with crappy visuals projected on one wall and even crappier trashy techno music blasting. TIME, you almost had me there, but you let me down.. big time. So much potential, such a crappy execution of a great idea. oh well.
Commenting only on nightlife.

Don't understand the need for the $5 cover charge, upstairs was more of the dance floor, but was there for 2 seconds before going back down. Packed, sweaty, and gross.

Restaurant/lounge to the left when you walk in is more chill. Went when a reggae band was performing. They were pretty solid. 

Bar: Horrible. The bartenders were assholes to us, even though it was just 3 of us girls. I asked what IPAs they had on tap, and the pretentious short hipster dude just blankly stared at me when I asked as if I had asked a repulsive question and laughed and stood back and avoided serving me. Alright guy, there goes your tip. I'm sorry, I've never experienced that before and I've been to many clubs/bars/lounges in NJ/NYC, where people are perceived to be bigger assholes, and I've never had such shitty service like that. Not like it was a race thing either, I was with 2 white girls, who received the same condescending attitude from these apparently misogynist bartenders.
We made reservations for New Year's Eve 2 weeks ago. Called last week to update the number of guests and asked if they were doing anything for NYE. We were told they were just gonna have a live band. Got a call last night saying they're now having a party and need to move our reservation from 730 to 5pm. We called back to ask why we weren't told about this last week when we called and they just said "that's that. Do you wanna cancel or move your reservation to 5?" This place obviously doesn't excel in customer service.
One of my favorite happy hour spots!!! I freaking love this place. The drinks specials & happy hour food specials are amazing! What more can a woman ask for! Great drinks, good food & really hot bartenders to engage with while you drink. 

This neo soul timeless & classic bar is really amazing. One side there's live jazz & tables for dinner then on another side there's a bar area with such mellow music. It's not expensive at all here & there's something for everyone to try. I love the mixed crowd & during happy hour you get to meet & mingle. 

My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 

Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 4 
Parking availability: 2
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 5
Service: 5 

Although it's on a sketchy side street, it just adds to the character of time. This will forever be a great place to start my happy hour bar hopping. Don't hesitate to check it out if you're in the city. You won't be disappointed. 

P.s. Ask for the speciality flatbread during happy hour, it's different every week. You'll thank me later!
Ludwig's Garten.  How I miss you so.  You were dusty, dark and dreary, you always had much German beer to share.   Time took you over, and though it took me some time (eh, sorry) to get over the loss, I started to come to terms with your departure and made some effort to get to know your new occupant a little better.

This what I learned:

New place isn't so bad, in fact, it's rather grown on me.  I avoid the upstairs club (or Absinthe lounge or the 3rd concept in a 3 concept bar - oh brother!) room at all costs and you'll never find me waiting in line to get in to the establishment - but both the more casual whiskey and wine bar are places I've started to frequent more often than I give you credit for.

My very favorite are Friday Jazz nights that start at happy hour and go late. (big improvement from the Bavarian Beer Hall's greatest hits) - There is always a lot of talent and good tunes.  Beer (not as good as you Ludwig, I swear), wine (lots of them by the glass) and whiskey options a plenty - with a few great signature cocktails - Great, thorough, good drinking menu all around - 

Also not to be missed is my green fairy, ma chère Absinthe.  They offer 5 delicious (knock-you-on-your-ass) options and these are best enjoyed with others. 

Menu options each time, have yet to impress me.   Though I haven't tried everything on the menu, nothing I've had so far has hit out of the park (like your bratwurst, Ludwig, those were the bomb) Even hard to mess-up risotto balls, were flavorless (the sauce redeemed it, a bit) and desperately needed salt.

Service is pleasant, helpful, albeit always a little busy.  (and Ludwig, no lederhosen to be seen here, I can assure you)

All in all - it's a fine place to catch some live jazz and booze it up, whichever side of Time you should choose.
I visited this place 4 times during the summer. Each time I had a chance to explore different section of this venue. First two times I was upstairs attending an event. Third time I was in a main bar downstairs enjoying live music and last time I went to the smaller bar also located on a main level. Each section has its own bar and is quite different. Honestly I had a feeling I visited 3 different bars. One thing that connects them all is great food menu and excellent service. They offer happy hour specials which I hope they expand even more in the future. Very nice spot  downtown.
Got flagged cause i dropped my martini glass. No i didn't get kicked out but my friends couldn't even replace my $14 martini. and to think i tipped d guy $2 on top of the outrageous price.
Pro: My friend Shane does an open mic night here on Tuesday nights. Shane is a wonderful guitar player and singer. Check it out. But don't drop your drink!
Message for management: Your Saturday night doormen are crooks. We were leaving and my friend lost his coat check ticket. We described our jackets perfectly, even what's in the pockets and once we convinced them they were ours they said we had to pay them $50 to get them back. We ended up giving him $20 just because we wanted to leave and saw him promptly shove the bill in his pocket. You need to fire those cheats. I won't and no one I know will go back there until you do.
Walking up to this place, I figured it would be your run of the mill, average pub.  Imagine my surprise when I found an upscale restaurant, a whiskey bar and a pub all wrapped up into one!

We went for dinner, but since the restaurant section was pretty quiet, we decided to sit in the pub section.  The atmosphere was clean and classy, kind of upscale pub-y.  They had a long beer list up on the chalkboard with beers from around the world and also a nice selection of micros, but I was in the mood for a cocktail.  I was so excited when I turned to the last page of the drink menu and hit the jackpot.  Whiskey drinks galore!  Oh yeah!  I love a good classic cocktail, and manhattans are my favorite.  There were so many to choose from, though, so I asked our server/bartender for his recommendation.  He told me that he makes a killer manhattan that's not on the menu.  Bullet rye, orange bitters, real cherries (not maraschino, hooray!)...yum.  It was awesome.  I wanted to switch to beer after the first one, but they didn't have any dark beers in stock (darn summer) so I had a second, even though I knew it would likely land me on the floor.  Oh well, at least I had fun getting there right?

I perused the food menu and was a little disappointed when I didn't see foie gras.  Apparently the online menu is a little outdated.  Since our server didn't steer me wrong with the drinks, I decided to follow his recommendation for the salmon with bananas and leek sauce.  It sounded a little crazy, but I love weird stuff so I went for it.  I'm not a huge salmon fan, but that salmon was delicious.  Who knew bananas and leeks went together?  Good stuff.  My friend went with the beef tenderloin.  It was also very good, but that salmon was the winner for sure.

We were having so much fun and the Cubs/Cards game was on the flatscreen so we decided to stick around for another drink.  This time I really did have to switch to beer.  Our server found me a nice stout in a can (I know, but it was good).  I wish I could remember the name, but the manhattan haze pretty much erased all that.  All I remember was that (pretty funny at the time) dancing cow on the front.

Night one was such a success.  Great service and very knowledgeable bartenders/servers lured us back for round two a few nights later.  Our original server wasn't there that night (too bad, I really wanted to try his sazerac!), but our new bartender managed to mix up a great old fashioned and a Presbyterian.  Wow, that Presbyterian was delicious.  Rye, bitters, ginger beer.  Spicy deliciousness.

I love this place.  I really wish it was closer to home, but at least I have something to look forward to whenever I'm in Philly.
This review has the potential to be better or worse - I really only experienced the Whisky Bar on a very quiet Friday night where the rest of the city was at the shore/watching Olympics/watching Phillies or Eagles. I have had absynthe before, smuggled from Italy and shared between way too many people to be effective. The priciest and highest proof, Lucid tasted far better than I expected - not good, but bearable, with almost a chocolatey aftertaste. The whole ritual with the sugar cube and fountain could just as eaily be simulated with an eye-dropper or slowly running faucet. But it's pretty and makes you feel like you are experiencing something special. Most importantly, it does create the strong, languid feeling that could make one feel entranced or "trippy." I can't imagine what a second glass would do, but I have heard stories of gay girls turning temporarily straight. All in all, I would definitely return to see what happens when there are more than me, my friend, and the bartenders. P.S. Olympic opening ceremonies are even cooler after a glass of this stuff.
Time is a nice spot. Good ambiance. Great for music lovers. Live music and DJ sets both present, which is cool. 

It has a very dark, mysterious, romantic vibe to it. Service is friendly. I would recommend it for a night out.
I love this place because of the great music and drink options but in the last year - for whatever reason - the bouncers / security- and even on one occasion a female bartender - were all super verbally aggressive. I hesitated to leave a negative review for a long time in the hopes that it was isolated incidents but have since witnessed more of the same bizarrely disrespectful behavior from the bouncers and quite frankly this place is too great a Philly establishment to let that persist. Hopefully somebody takes note and encourages change.
Soooo in love with this place!!!!! We were leaving dinner and heading to woody's when we passed by and remembered our server recommending it. There was no line but two bouncers outside they told us it was $5 to get in, we didn't have any cash on us so we said never mind but they changed their minds and let us in anyway. As soon as we walked in the band started playing and to our surprise it was a latin/ salsa band!!!! We meant to only poke our head in but we were hooked! Fast forward two hours later, several beers in, some salsa dancing under our belt, we even chatted with the band! That night was amazing! We had so much fun and the people there were so nice! I'd definitely be back!
Dave H. Birthday Bar Crawl review time! what can I say, when the legend has a gathering you have to come out in spades and have a good time. And even though I had a big Easter ahead of me the next day, and I had another group of friends calling my name onward to another gathering (McThrill's a busy guy who know's his people, but you probably know that by now.), that's exactly what I decided to do for the start of the crawl. And while I could certainly give the group of incredible people that I was with 500 stars, Time itself is going to fall a little flat at 3.

Time used to be Ludwig's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ludwigs-garten-philadelphia#hrid:GnBaEgTTCB0gi3Nr1MTSUg)! So walking in and seeing servers dressed in black in place of female servers who used to be dressed like St. Pauli Girl knock offs instantly made the place feel like a bizzaro world! But that's what isn't knocking down the rating since I considered the uniform to be an improvement. But with the exception of the Uniforms, Time was the spot that felt a little more gimmicky. 

Grant it Ludwig's was the place that touted itself as being a German style beer heaven that offered things like bratwurst on the menu. But it also delivered on that promise pretty smoothly. Time centers itself on being a lounge atmosphere that specializes in beer, whiskey, and absinthe. While it offering Hoegaarden at $5 a pint was fair, the rest of the draft suggestion was an overpriced joke and most of the beers that clocked in at $6-8 weren't that worth it (comparing to places like P.O.P.E. and Monk's). While the Whiskey menu was somewhat solid I've definitely seen better. and while the absinthe lounge definitely intrigued me to the point that it is something that I intend to try when Time isn't the first stop on a bar tour, I have heard mixed things about it. The menu also touted a $13 burger and tapas sized portions that would have been better if they weren't tapas sized.

While Time definitely did have it's appealing things like great service, live music, and some particularly interesting sounding things from the in depth listing I gave above, there is one clear bottom line that I couldn't help but feel. It tries to specialize itself in so much to the point that it just falls flat on most of them. If it kept the Absinthe lounge as an upstairs special, improved the beer list and food menu at least by portion, and made the premium spirits a little more well rounded then the place could flourish! until then it's just decent.
I really liked the ambiance of Time. There is a dining room, an absinthe lounge, and whiskey bar. All great concepts, but perhaps too many? For people like me who like variety, it could be a great place.

I was definitely intrigued to find a nice space so close to where I live. The whiskey bar's set-up is very neat and clean with its polished wood bar, tables, stools, and seating.

I knocked down some stars because I wasn't really wowed by the place. The bottle display in the whiskey bar is cool. But I got confused as to whether they would honor $2 drinks because I kept receiving e-mails about parties that would happen at Time. No $2 drinks for me and now those parties are no longer happening at Time :(
Time is always a solid choice for a night out. The food is great for bar food (amazing fries) and they have a really wide selection of well priced beers. Coming from Boston myself, this is something I have missed and was happy to find their array of ales and drafts.  On the weekends, things get fairly crazy so if you have friends in town and are looking for a good time in a bar/dance scene casual crowd, this place is a great recommendation. Lots of young people and good music.
Great beer bar in downtown Philly. We came here for drinks before dinner. Plenty of craft ales from Philadelphia, the mid-Atlantic, and Belgium. Prices were about par with NYC. The Victory Bell Ringer IPA was pretty righteous.

Bartender was friendly. Jazz band was cool, even if we weren't paying too much attention. Get yours sudz on here.
Cool Times!!! Great bartender. Bar area was packed on a Saturday night was approached as soon we squeezed in a space. Only stopped in for a quick one but will return. Food that was passing by looked delicious!
I have been here several times and I pleased to report that the atmosphere has been consistently wonderful.  Tuesdays nights are "open-mic" and the talent that plays instruments and sings has been really good.  I also enjoy the wait staff, they are friendly and attentive.  During both visits had some different samplings of the food and that was tasty.  I suggest you try the Chef Sampler - it's a winner.  

Great place for a date or to hang out with friends.
I can only comment on the nightlife here. I came here on a Saturday around 10:30pm

1) Long line- moved relatively fast
2) $5 cover

Most places in philly don't have cover unless it's a club or edm place so I was a little confused. It is PACKED in here. I like the 2nd floor- more top 40/edm music. It is pretty hard to get a drink here because it is so packed.

I ordered a grey goose shot ($10). I gave the bartender a 20 and he never gave me change....

I probably wouldn't come back because of the overall experience I had.
Wonderful place.  Chris, my waiter, knew everything about Absinthe.  We were taken care of and everyone had a great time.

Prices are reasonable but it's the people there, Chris, Tim and others- that make you keep coming back
1936 Chicago.
Brass Band.
Fedoras.
Cigars.

Taut leather benches sit high, and if you're a lady, your legs will dangle elegantly above the ground. Cross your ankles. Adjust your feather headband. Coyly wink at the gentleman sitting across from you as you stir your whiskey-on-the-rocks. 

Glance over your shoulder at the bartender. Exchange a quick nod. He knows to bring you a shot of the finest European absinthe.

2011 Philadelphia.
Drum set.
Maroon ties.
Gold sandals.

The atmosphere is dim, cozy, and pleasantly anachronistic. Enjoy an ironically modern pre-party dinner of BBQ pulled pork laying on top of the creamiest mac-and-cheese you've yet consumed. The mildly sweet BBQ sauce pairs superbly with the moderate sharpness of fontina and cheddar cheeses. Try a vegetarian lentil stuffed zucchini dish if you're opting for an airier feel. 

Order a bottle of the Breckenridge Regal Pilsner for an acerbic - in the way that only the best pilsners allow- treat. Move on to any number of the locally brewed beers on tap that comparatively caress your taste buds in their velvety cream stout embraces. 

You're ready to go. 
1936. 2011. It doesn't matter.

Time transcends all...well...time.
The venue is in 3 sections: 1st fl to the left is a jazz bar, 1st fl to the right is a dive bar ish type of place and the 2nd fl is a dark dark room with couches and a dance floor. The 2nd fl is open on weekends only, it seems. The jazz bar is a real entertainment. Both sections on the 1st floor share the same menu so you can totally enjoy their fantastic fries wherever you sit. I'm telling you, the fries are soooo good. AND it's only 5 bucks. Only if I wasn't wired to think that eating fried food after 10pm is something ridiculously bad (thanks, mother), I'd be having these fries every night after work. WITH Franziskaner! I love their draft beer choices. They even have gluten free beer on tap...can't remember the name at the moment.

If you like jazz and good beer on tap, go here!
I feel like stars don't work for this place. 

Downstairs is pretty legit, if you don't mind paying a $5 cover, even for ladies!!! There's usually a live band playing and I think that while it is billed as an absinthe bar, they probably serve mostly high life and jager shots. It's fine. It's whatever. It's totally Philly.

Upstairs smells like bad decisions and syphilis. If you don't believe me, go see for yourself. 


xoxo
Good whiskey choices
Just slightly overwhelming
Avoid the upstairs

Time purports to be three concepts in one address; true, but there's so much going on it's almost overwhelming. There's a room with live music (restaurant) and a happening upstairs (absinthe lounge), but more importantly there's a downstairs bar (whiskey bar & tap room) to which I'd be happy to sidle up on any given evening. 

The selection at the whiskey bar is impressive, with plenty of highlands and islands scotches, bourbons and irish whiskey to choose from. Equally impressive is the knowledge of the bartenders. Not only are they personable, but also able to make recommendations based on your tastes of the moment. They really do a good job of not only getting you exactly what you want, but also moving the crowd through the bar on busy nights. It definitely gets crowded here, but there's a decent amount of room to stand around at the pillars or tables along the window.

The biggest complaint I have about Time is the cover charge. I'm not going to enjoy the band I'm going to drink some whiskey, and am almost offended. Time is a good option if you're in the immediate area, but there are a few other places in the city at which you'll be just as satisfied dropping the same amount of cash.
Time was a great place to enjoy drinks and food! You walk in and you are given a choice to go left, where there is live music being played to the right where it's more of a bar feel with a juke box or upstairs with a dj and more for dancing. I thought that was awesome! We came across Time just looking for a late night bite to eat but I'm glad we found it.  

We first chose to go right which was the room with the juke box and sat at a booth. Our server was Sebastian and he was awesome. I ordered the chicken sandwich and my friend ordered the chicken Caesar salad. The food was amazing! As something as simple as those two dishes it truly was very good. We also got an order of French fries for the table and those were also delicious. The quality of the food was spectacular. Sebastian was on top of it with our drinks as well. After that we went upstairs to dance. 

The thing that I thought I was cool was each room had a different vibe to it but it all still worked at the same time. Next time I'm in Philly I will definitely be back. I highly recommend this place.
I had a great time until what I thought was a bouncer came and grabbed my hand and started to drag me out. I was terrified, this large black man did not explain himself and was just dragging me out of the dance floor. He was acting as if he was a  bouncer, but I'm still not sure because he was not wearing any identification and did not introduce himself at all. I pulled my hand away because I was scared for my life, and he grabbed at it and then pulled me down to the ground and started to drag me across the floor as everyone watched but did nothing to help. My friend ran over and tried to stop him and he shoved her down to the ground as well. I was being dragged down the stairs, he was grabbing at my neck and eventually broke my bra in half at the front because of how fiercely he was pulling me down. My knees are bleeding and I took pictures of them, as well as my ripped clothing. Once outside, the other bouncers were telling me that I was crazy and that I was at fault because I was hitting the guy on the head with a beer bottle. Of course I was hitting him, he was choking my air supply off by grabbing my neck and I seriously thought that I was going to die at that moment. I was doing anything I could to stop him from dragging me across the floor. I started to hit him in the crotch so that he could let go of me and let me breathe for a moment. Another friend of mine was crying because of the way that I was being treated. I did nothing. I filed a police report and I am hiring a lawyer to represent me and access the video tapes. I did nothing wrong and was treated like a savage animal. I am suing this club and my goal is to shut them down.
A special place with much to offer. The building has 3 unique spaces within it. On the first floor is a low-key whiskey bar with a fantastic whiskey and scotch list. Time, the restaurant has large 20 foot ceilings, low lighting and large windows that open onto the street. Often there's great jazz playing in the corner. Upstairs is Bohemian Absinthe lounge with DJs and a fairly large dance floor.

Over all the atmosphere is great. Friendly people and a mix of things happening around you. The food is tops as is the service. It's a great place to go and spend the evening.  

Pros: great atmosphere, eclectic mix of people and music. 
Cons: Almost non. The music in the dinning room is great so hold your conversation for set break. 
Overall, GREAT spot. These people do a great job with food, entertaining and music.
I slid in here last Friday to listen to the jazz band that was playing. My experience was with the bar part. I ordered a Franziskaner Hefeweizen, which is about as close to heaven as you can get in a glass. Unfortunately they had tappus interruptus(a horrible condition only matched by the other well known interruptus), which resulted in much foaming and bad pours. So I ended up seguing into a Paulaner dopplebock called Paulaner Salvatore. Sweet sweet double bock. Then the bartender got the Franziskaner going so he gave me a .5L on the house. And  of course that one was so good I had another. 

The decor was really nice. I did feel a little out of place since it appeared that several business people were there snorting cabernet sauvignon and such. The band was pretty good. I wish I'd stayed around for another set, but I probably wouldn't have made it home if I'd drank anymore there. Not to mention I had to fulfill my weekly visit to Long In The Tooth.

All in all the bar wasn't bad. I can't speak for the food, the absinthe or the whiskey bar. Though now that I know about the whiskey bar, I may go back for that.
The bar is beautiful with dark wood and comfortable chairs it was cozy and comfortable. It had a homey "whisky bar" masculine kind of vibe...something my husband and I really enjoy (yes, I'm a woman and I love man-caves and whiskey). 

Some points: 
All signs pointed to this place being a great cocktail bar. Unfortunately, our cocktails were sub-par. My husband and I both got scotch based cocktails, and mine tasted like mostly lemon juice with a hint of scotch.  My drink was shaken way too vigorously, leaving ice chips in my "up" drink. My husbands drink was served on the rocks..with the melted ice used to shake his drink. I realize this makes me sound pretentious..but when you spend $13 on a cocktail, you want it to be top quality. 

Minor complaints: 1. the bathrooms were freezing, and they had no hand soap. 2. The bartender was not very attentive, and the place was not crowded. 3. The water tasted like the glasses had not been properly washed. 

My husband and I admired the scotch list and may come back for a scotch...but unlikely.
I feel that Time has to be analyzed on two levels: as a regular bar, and then as an absinthe bar.

As a regular bar, it's pretty good! During Center City Sips (that's Wednesday cocktail hours during the summer, if you didn't know), Time offers a very nice German Whitbier for $2. I'm a pretty happy camper whenever I'm drinking a $2 beer that isn't PBR! The servers are efficient and friendly, and there's not too much of a crowd, but it's not deadly silent either. (Plus, if you were ever there when it was Ludwig's, you'll be amazed at the remodel.) 

Now, Time's schtick these days is that there's an "absinthe bar" upstairs. It's just a simple open dance space with a little bar at the end. And house music. House music and house dancing have nothing to do with my "From Hell"-inspired rococo absinthe bar fantasies. If I can't pretend I'm drinking absinthe with Jack the Ripper in seedy old London, then I'm not going to bother drinking absinthe! (which is usually pretty foul stuff, my friends)

So, to conclude: Time the bar, a decent place to get a drink.
Time the absinthe bar? Skippable.
I felt a little underdressed when I went here, even though I was wearing a nice summer dress and cute flats. It was just a slightly fancier atmosphere than I was expecting--the decor is really nice, all dark woods and exposed stone, and the upstairs at night definitely has a swanky club feel. 

Still, I had a really great time at Time. The gin and tonic I had was serviceable, the absinthe was nasty, but really, where else was I going to be able to have the opportunity to even try it? I danced, watched a bachelorette party making idiots out of themselves, laughed, and stayed later than I was expecting to.

Next time I'll have to try the food, but for a night of drinks and dancing, Time was a pleasant surprise.
This is definitely one of those places that you think is going to be some hole in the wall, but when you walk in you have this "woah" moment when you notice the decor is actually nice and you feel like you should have dressed up a little more.  I sat near the jazz band with a friend, so while it was great to enjoy the music, it was a challenge to talk.  The drink selection was decent and the food looked good enough that I'll come back to try it (and possibly add another star!)

Invite your friends and laugh when one of them says "i wonder why there are so many clocks on the wall."
The girl working the door is beautiful... 

It works. It's like 3 bars in one. They've got the absinthe lounge, the whiskey/ micro-brew bar, and the wine bar. Live music during the sips event was nice too. Great prices for the sips event, but the stuff that isn't on special is a little pricey. The food looked good, but I wasn't there to eat, just drink a little bit.

I will return with a posse. When I do, we will eat, drink, and be merry.
The scene of the crime: my first date with E. November 17, 2009. There was an absinthe promotion in the jazz lounge, with $5 gin and absinthe drinks and a gypsy jazz band with cabaret dancers.

This was my idea- a bit risque for a first date, perhaps, but I'm nothing if not bold. The band was really excellent and we snagged a table right next to their staging area, so we got to chat with them a bit. The Absinthe Drinkers, they were called. Their cabaret ladies were lovely as well!

Over the years I have come back here so many times, and for so many reasons. There are three different areas to suit any crowd or mood- a nice, dark and cozy bar to the right with super friendly bartenders, and extensive drink list including great beer, wine, and cocktails. Literally something to suit anyone. To the left, a swanky, romantic jazz lounge that frequently features live music, and fancy silver spouts that will pour you a traditional French-style absinthe drink  you could probably only find in a handful of places in the whole country.

Upstairs, that's where things get dirty. Like, bachelorette night/fistpump to the music/drink your face off on cheap beer kind of dirty. It's an awesomely fun time when that's what you're game for.

So as a result I've been here with my aunt and her out-of-towner therapist friends here for a conference, with E many times (dinner included, great food!), consoling a friend after a breakup with dancing and champagne, and just meeting up with people for drinks. It basically hits all the right spots and doesn't leave anyone behind. What more could you ask for?
This is a review of the downstairs bar, not the absinthe bar upstairs.

I'm not one for giving one stars, but on the night I was there, Time deserved no more than that.  My friends and I were restaurant crawling for Foie Week.  My friend made the point of calling time to see what time Time would stop serving foie.  The answer was clear: 1am.  We got their at about 11, having made a special stop at Time for some foie.  Oh, but that 1am cutoff?  No, it was really 10:30.  Whomever my friend spoke with apparently doesn't know jack.  

Then, I was debating between different kinds of absinthe.  In passing I mentioned to the bartender that I'd have taken a Lagavulin if they had it.  Lo, they did, it just wasn't on the menu.  Silly me, I didn't check the price.  As it turned out, the Lagavulin was viciously overpriced.

So, on this trip, I got overpriced scotch and no foie.  This isn't a way to make a great first impression.
I come here quite often to drink with friends but I never really tried their food, so I won't comment on that.  There are 3 rooms in this place: hip/hop dance room upstairs, live jazz bar one the left side when you walk in, bar room on the right side plays pretty loud music.  I like this place because of the variety of rooms they have so you can be in a mood to eat, drink, dance, relax with some jazz.  You can find it all in this place.  

This place gets packed after 10pm, I believe they start charging a cover on the weekends after 9pm or 10pm, something like that.  The right side of the room gets so packed that you cannot even walk or get to the bar with ease.  The dance floor upstairs is really dark and they play pretty good music.
Went to Time last night, a THURSDAY,  to hear a friend of a friend spinning upstairs. Funk, soul type music. Time is three different bars in one you see.The crowd upstairs was small but let me tell you these people were having fun. They were actually dancing. It was mostly women though, which is not code for "it was a gay bar". 'Cause it wasn't, it was just a bunch of straight women dancing in circles.  

Yes, and they have absinthe. I didn't have any but I felt very cool to merely be in the presence of such swagger. Downstairs, I liked alot. There was a live band playing some covers and some of their own songs. There was no cover charge and a pretty good beer selection. There were alot of people there and the crowd was pretty diverse (age, race etc). The third bar was more quiet and not too many people were sitting in it. I will definitely go back to this place soon. 

They had drink specials so I so spent a record breaking 2 bucks on each beer between 10 and 11. These are recessionista times. Yay. Oh and the bartender upstairs was cool. FYI.
I loved this place. This was always my go to spot. But the security abuse their power, they are bullies and think you should just listen whatever they tell you do without explanation. They will even put their hands on you! They are disrespectful to women as well. It's honestly not worth it when there are a bunch of great bars right next to here.
Soon as this place opened I think i was here at least once a week. Good selection for drinks and every person, even with different tastes, has a good time there. I celebrated my birthday upstairs and the DJ was aweeesome. Every time, the party is crazy upstairs on a weekend. lovelovelove it.
I was dragged here on a Friday night for a friend-of-a-friend's birthday party.  I would have rather used the money for the $5 cover to buy a couple of specials at Dirty Frank's (where we moved to shortly after arriving).  It was crowded, the DJ upstairs wasn't spinning anything I either recognized or liked, and my weak whisky/coke was served to me in a plastic cup.  

What I'm saying is, this a real classy joint.

I want this place to be cool.  It's part jazz club, part sports bar with a good selection of brown liquor, and an upstairs club for people who want to dance or sit in an ad-hoc VIP looking area.  But on a busy Friday, all of its formats fall flat on their face.  It's really just a college bar, and I didn't even like those places in college.

I'll probably try again on a calmer night to see if the Jazz band is worth a damn.  But otherwise, there are at least 2 places near that block of Sansom where I'd rather be.
Our friend and guide to Philly for the day took  what we were looking for (decent prices and good beer) into consideration before deciding that she'd take us to one of her favorite happy hour hangouts for dinner. It turned out to be exactly what we were looking for. 

I was hoping to find a local brew that I couldn't get back in New England and they did have an offering from Yards which I had never heard of before. They also had several beers I could find back home, but a good beer is a good beer no matter where you have it. Our friend had the Presbytarian, one of her favorite cocktails that she goes back to on a regular basis. A few drinks in the darkish bar area with some funky Red Hot Chili Peppers playing in the background made for a good setting. 

Enough about the drinks, how was the food? This is no ordinary beer bar. Their apps include options like grilled marinated quails or risotto balls. Their short list of entrees aren't as adventurous, but they all sounded pretty tasty. We split the mac and cheese appetizer and it was one of the better mac and cheeses that we've tried. The bit of pulled pork in the middle added some great flavor and we loved the mix of cheeses. When it came time to pick my entree I went with the most ordinary thing on the menu, but I certainly didn't regret it. They don't have a list of a dozen different burgers that you can pick from. They have only one and they call it "The Burger". As I dug in to The Burger I was asked if it really was The One. It might've been. It certainly was close. The caramelized onions and homemade bacon were absolutely fantastic. From what I heard from the others the quail and the duck were also pretty fantastic. 
 
Time was part of a really good time we had in Philly. If we're back in the city some time we'd absolutely make a point to head there again.
I really want to give one star, but I'm giving two because I enjoyed the layout of this place and I think it has potential.

It took us ~15-20 minutes for someone to take our order. We ordered 1 drink and 1 appetizer. We were done within 10 minutes, I'd say...mostly because the server never came back to ask me what I wanted to drink (when he came around the first time, I said I needed a couple more mins while my date ordered). Took another ~30 minutes to get the check. When the check came, it was wrong. We were charged for our bill and the bill of the earlier party who sat at our table. Thank goodness I caught that before paying. When it was fixed, they didn't apologize or anything.

It was weird.

I'm wondering if the service was poor because it was busy? But it's impossible to know. 

I did like the layout of the business. I'm tempted to come back if I'm in town because it's possible this was just a bad night. But I'm not sure. Your mileage may very.
This place has total split personalities.  It wants to be a pub.  But wait, it also wants to be an ultra hip jazz club on the opposite side.  Hold up, upstairs it's time to booty shake! 

It's really like 3 seperatr places in one.  It's hard to properly rate this place.  We only peeked into the pub part, so no rating on that.  We stayed in the jazz part for a good while.  Pretty cool atmosphere and really great live band.  I really wasn't into the drink menu at all.  Being a beer or wine girl and then mixin it up with a fruity tutti girly drink every once in a while...whiskey and bourbon just wasn't doing it for this girl.  So of course I just went the complete opposite and ordered a gin and tonic.  I know, don't ask!

What we were really mystified by was the absynthe they sell.  It's an elaborate production!  It comes with a small cup of the actual absynthe  and this huge carafe with spouts full of water.  The process of preparing the drink with the absythne/water/sugar combo is fascinating.  Too bad it's kinda gross and if I did indulge I'd end up on the floor!  Still...very cool they offer it.

The dance club upstairs left something to be desired.  Nice open space to dance, if the DJ had something good to play.  I can't dance to hardcore rap.  I need some hardcore Back That Thang Up music!  Maybe some nights there's a better DJ, sadly not the night we wanted to drop it. 

I think there's hope for a relationship together.  We just need to work on some things!
Hi, I would like the managers and or owners of this restaurant to have a talk with the DJ that was there on Friday. On Friday night while on the second floor having a great dance session the dj made several references about a plus size girl that was dancing. The dj made several "vomit sounds" in reference to his opinion of the girls who seemed to be having a great time; I have plus size woman in my family and I feel that his remarks were inappropriate. As a business that's centered in a community where people are judged and ridiculed I would want to believe you understand the importance of ensuring that guest of all color and size are comfortable and treated with dignity, but your DJ did the complete opposite. We were shocked and embarrassed for the girls that were referenced. Again, I think a conversation needs to be had with the dj to express that his behavior or Friday was disgusting and a bad reflection on your business.
I always know no matter what, I'm always taken care of at Time. 

Having amazing service, as well as cocktails provided by the lovely company by the bartenders: Danni, Shelby, Matt; and Darnell -- I always look forward to coming in and seeing them, knowing my cocktails and drinks are always so well prepared, and even have their recommendations. They know what they're doing and from formally being in the industry and knowing how hectic it gets behind the bar, their professionalism is beyond words I can write and describe. You will not ever be disappointed. 

Alex, the lovely server always make sure you never have to ask for a refill on your water and always come back to make sure you're comfortable and happy with your service without you looking for them. If you ever have them as a server, just know you are in great hands. Time has three venues, a live music area to your left, a lovely casual bar to your right that has multiple choices of whiskey and drinks to suit your fancy; and an upstairs to dance. 

The bouncers are always vigilant and make sure they're doing their job -- I've never had an issue with them, as well as seeing them go above to make sure that any guest is adhering to the rules to keep everyone safe -- PLEASE REMEMBER TO BRING YOUR VACCINATION CARDS AS PROOF, THEY WILL ASK PER TIME'S POLICY + TO KEEP IT MASKLESS AND SAFE FOR EVERYONE. If you choose to not get vaccination then that is your choice, but it is also Time's choice to not allow you to come in. 

Time is a staple in Philly that I always am happy to support!
Service was good but their food was just ok.  

We had arrived during their happy hour.  They have a HH bar menu that included about 8 items.  I went with a burger that included fries.  The burger had house made bacon, jack cheese and caramelized onions.  It was eh.  I don't know if it was the bun or the burger but it was just dry.  Fries were just ok as well but nothing spectacular.  

They did have nice house musicians that played at a low level.  It made for great dinner music.  It was a nice compliment to the cozy ambiance the restaurant was going for.  

I didn't have any complaints about the service.  He was also the bartender and did a great job balancing both areas.

I wouldn't rule it out to visit again.  I would just try something else on the menu.
Time... where do I start?

Don't waste your time at Time, seriously. The menu needs a revamp, an adjustment on pricing wouldn't hurt either. Last night I got the burger because the restaurant week menu sucked. WTH are bars participating in restaurant week now? What's that about? Another topic for another time....

Anyway, nothing about my food or drinks were legendary enough for me to be like, "let me spend all of my measly earnings here and laugh my pain away". No, time owes me money and the two hours I spent there last night. Oh and I want my cover back. 

That burger was so damn dry... kinda like when you accidentally dive mouth first into some sand dry. I totally get where they were going with the burger but they still haven't arrived. Perhaps try some avocado or something. I don't know, I'm not a master burger maker, but I eat enough to know that wasn't worth $15. 

Also I love how the waitress is incognito the entire night, GIRL. We finally flagged her down at 10:52 for her to tell us the kitchen was closing in 2 mins.  HONEY, DARLING, MISS... what kitchen closes at 10:54 ever? ALSO who closes a kitchen that early on a Friday night? 

So i dont know, skip Time if ever invited. lol
Time is my go to spot for a fun night out.

-Plentiful seating
-Cool music (Saturdays, not sure about Fridays) mostly top 40 & hip-hop
-Reasonably priced drinks
-Love, Love, Love the crazy moving spotlight on the white brick wall----I feel like I'm in some psychedelic dance club from the 70s-hot!
-BEST OF ALL:  you can come here to chill with group or a date in the lounge area or you can act a complete fool on the dance floor and nobody will care---good times all around, Got To Love TIME!
I love Time I've been here multiple times before but today 4/19 my service was shit. Joe the bartender sucked his friends were at the bar and he basically ignored me. I look young I'm 21 I get it but to not be asked if I was ready was annoying. To be there for about an hour and not to be asked if everything is okay while the two two tops around me were is rude. He constantly chatted with these friends recommended whiskey to the other party and I didn't even get a "is everything ok" for 6:30-7:20 pm on a Wednesday it's disappointing.
What can be said about Time that wouldn't be immediately apparent for anyone who doesn't spend a lot of time (I intend all of my puns. Deal with it.) here?

Well, the best nights to come here are during the week. Sunday through Thursday has you covered, and how. Some of the best live music in the city. Or maybe I'm a philistine and just think that it's some of the best live music in the city. Whatever. This is my review.

I can't count how many times I've been here thinking "I'll just duck in for a bit" only to realize at 1:30 on a Tuesday that I have work in the morning. It's that good.

Also, repeat after me: fried chicken sandwich. Thank me later.
Loved the jazz club last Friday night with an ad hoc assembly of local players we nicknamed 'Some Dudes Playing.' With the help of some delicious Belgian beers and good vibes around the crowd, this place grooved until last call. We sung upstairs for a quick tour of the hiphop lounge, but definitely the main event was the downstairs Jazz/Absinthe scene.
Ah Time, the place that is part whiskey bar, part jazz club/wine bar, part dance club? It sounds weird, but it's pretty damn fantastic. As in, I've pretty much enjoyed myself every single visit.

While the other sections serve their purpose well, my go to area is the whiskey bar. The best atmosphere in the house, in my opinion. it's got that darker, dingy bar feel with a pretty awesome whiskey selection. How did you guess that I love whiskey?

Happy hour specials are decent, with both food and drink specials. I think the prices in general are pretty standard for that area of the city. You can certainly get spendy with the absinthe selections, but uh.... it's worth it. I'll put it that way.  

The small amount of food I've gotten here has been pretty good. The burger was spot on, the pulled pork mac and cheese made me excited, and the desserts that I tried were all really delicious with a side of Macallan 12 on the rocks. 

Amongst the huge array of 13th and Sansom awesomeness, this place stands up well.
Time is one of those strange places that is like 3 places in one. The upstairs has a lovely club-like atmosphere, then there are 2 sections downstairs, one of which is a jazz bar. When you tell you friend to meet you at Time, you have to specify which part. We like to come here and go upstairs on weekends because they have pretty cool music. There isn't much seating upstairs, but that's okay because you're going to dance anyway! However, last weekend they had some really weird electronic house music that was really hard to dance to. I'll be back!
Great fun atmosphere... 3 bars, dance floor upstairs which was packed and it smelled bad lol. But overall great. Cover charge was only $5 we appreciated that and drinks where great. Going back for sure
Had dinner here on a Sunday and I can't say enough good about our experience. Rahim was our server and he was excellent. The food was delicious, I recommend the Duck en Croute. Their whiskey collection is supurb and Rahim was very knowledgeable, gave us a great recommendation. If you're in Philly and you enjoy Jazz I recommend this place any time. THEY HAVE MUSIC EVERY NIGHT!
I stopped in here for a quick drink because I heard some music playing from outside.  

Before I could even step inside I was promptly pushed by the bouncer who couldn't bother to take his head out of his phone until I walked right by him.  No reason to lay his hand on me at all.  He wasn't even dressed like a bouncer. 

Ok, so despite that I go into the bar.  Good beer list but fairly expensive overall. The appetizers were reasonably priced overall. I went with the fries and they were ok. 

The free live music was a nice touch and a good volume for the room. 

On the way out the same dude was laying back against the guardrail with his hand in a bag of popcorn just checking his phone.  Way to guard the parking lot top gun. 

The whole bouncer situation left a sour taste in my mouth.  Plenty of other good spots if you want good beer, good music, and no lame bouncers.
I was quite worried about going here after Ann V. faced some racist discrimination. My cousin suggested this place for a drink since we were around the corner. Maybe we got lucky and that bouncer got bounced by the owner(s), har har har... 

We lucked out and got inside before they started charging a cover. The left side is the "smooth jazz" side with some tables for diners. It was a bit crowded and difficult to grab a drink. The right side was a more bar feel...looked dive bar-ish or college bar-ish to me. They were probably playing pandora or something but it was decent music. 

We got drinks and just chilled for the night. This side of the restaurant/bar definitely had a college/young professional vibe to it.  I felt too old to be on this side of the bar but then again, i definitely felt a little too young on the other side. Conflicting feelings. 

When the live band started to play, we went over there and listened/watched. They were pretty entertaining.

I couldn't help but notice that the left side was a 30+ year old side and the right side was a 30- year old side.

I'd stop by to grab a drink, but wouldn't pay a cover to get in. I think the cut off time is 10:30? 11pm?
I used to go here all the time when it was ludwig's.  It is def a little off the path. We ended up going with a group of about 20 people from work - we had no problem finding an area for all of us to take over. The beer list was good and their fries were thick cut and amazing.  There was some good live jazz as well. all in all a nice chill spot for after work.
So, I had to visit this joint twice before giving it a review. While the first visit was great, a couple of missteps lead me to hold back the review until a second chance was given to this understated restaurant in the heart of Philadelphia.

I got to Philadelphia and was craving a new place to eat since my previously favorite place went through a bit of a crisis and the fare didn't quite stand up to its past reputation. Yelp provided me with several locations in the area but, the promise of ambience and the good reviews made me select Time. I made a reservation using the app and went in for dinner around 6pm on a Friday night.

I was greeted by a very inviting smile on the face of the beautiful and gracious red-headed/brunette hostess. The reason for the description instead of a name is because the hostess never gave me one. I never obtained her name on either of my visits which to me was slightly disappointing because I would have loved to recommend her to all who visit Time.

As I was seated by a bus girl (who also will remain nameless for the aforementioned reason) I was handed the dinner menu along with an extensive beverage menu featuring a large selection of domestic and imported ales as well as some great specialty cocktails. The drink menu also featured a bar menu which, while limited, was still acceptable for bar-fare.

A server arrived shortly after I was seated. Very polite and knowledgeable of the menu and specials  and yet, as the other two people I had thus far interacted with, shall remain nameless for the same exact reason. 

After a bit of back an forth with the server, I decided on a 'Dark and Stormy'; a rum based drink with lime and ginger beer. 

As I sat there waiting for my beverage, I took note of the dimly lit room I was seated in. The ambience was perfect for an intimate night with someone special, hanging out with friends or, if you're like me, a relaxing dinner by yourself. To me it was relaxing and inviting and the welcoming atmosphere accompanied by the live music (overbearing yet, nice)  was something people of all walks could enjoy.

As my drink arrived, I placed my dinner order with the server. After he left the table with said order, I took my first sip of my perfectly measured, delicious beverage. The smooth, tangy and sweet concoction left me warm and happy inside.

As I sat there enjoying my beverage, the server returned with a soup spoon and a plate of toasted house-made bread and caramelized garlic butter. The pairing between the perfectly toasted yet still fluffy bread and the silky smooth and rich butter was amazing to say the least.

Starter: I ordered the soup special as my starter. It was a cream based bisque topped with grilled shrimp nestled on red bell peppers and drizzled with chili oil and was absolutely the perfect combination of sweet, savory and heat. The shrimp was fresh and grilled to perfection which led to it popping into juicy goodness each time i bit down on it. The dull and cold weather Philly was experiencing seemed to fade away as this bowl full of warm summer acted as the perfect pick me up. The first bite put a large smile on my face and enthusiastically dove into the rest. However, as all good things must come to an end, the feeling of euphoria I was experiencing came to a halt as I found a hair at the bottom of the bowl. I had to say goodbye to almost half of my delicious soup at that point which, nearly broke my heart.

Main Course: When my Duck arrived, I was happy to see a sexy presentation. Duck being my favorite protein already had me excited when I saw it on the menu and the plate placed in front of me made me as giddy as a school girl. I dug in and that first sweet and tender bite of duck really hit the spot. It was a bit under medium but nothing unforgivable. The unexpected yet pleasant surprise on the dish was the fried pickles. They added just the right amount of crunch and tart to the dish and really added that perfect ending note to each bite.

Dessert: As I polished clean my plate, the owner of the place came up and apologized to me for the hair in my soup bowl. While, I had only pointed it out to waiter just as a cautionary gesture, I was grateful to see the owner's proactive involvement in the dining experience his team was trying to provide. Of course, I would thank him by name but, the trend of name withholding continued even at the top of the food chain in this establishment. However, propriety aside, let's talk about dessert. The dessert he brought me was a flour-less chocolate cake, topped with house-made mint ice cream and sprinkled with touted cocoa nibs. Now I am a big fan of flour-less chocolate cake. I am still trying to get the recipe out of one of my co-worker's for her ex-husband's flour-less chocolate cake. This cake however, was nothing to write home about. The cake was dry, dense and chewy. The texture was too much like a frozen brownie, semi thawed. The cocoa nibs, an unnecessary garnish that added an unplea
I did not go here on Valentine's Day.  

I did not get completely shitfaced on absinthe.

I did not throw shade to about ten different girls.

I did not grind all over my roommate to Ma$e.

I did not start yelling at my roommate's boss that he should just tell me if he liked me or not.

I did not insist that we all leave because I was freaking out.

I also did not get taken here by a gentleman who later performed a totally juvenile act in cutting off communication with me.

Thank God none of these things happened, or I could really hold a grudge against this place.  As it is, I find it a little dull.  Reminds me a little of Rye in SF.  Which I have reviewed, so you can go check that out.
I came here last night after having dinner at El Vez.

You walk in and the bouncer asks for your ID. Thats the first clue that you are going to have a good time.

Its dark and there small tables scattered around the floor and then there is a bar with about 10 stools or so scattered around it.

There was a band in the corner playing a funky jazzy tune and the patrons were all into it (this is the place where you go to see the music, not where you go and music just happens to be playing)

I didnt order anything to drink (Im fighting off a little cold) but my friend got a drink from the bar and said it was good (Im sure thats not that helpful at all).

We went on a Monday night and there was no cover which is great!

I hear that they have a reggae night too. I will def be back to check that out.
I've brought foreign clients and friends here in the past and had a wonderful time. On Thursday, August 28th, this changed. Although I had visited the bar on nearly ten previous occasions I was served by a female bartender who was incredibly rude to my foreign guests. I had never seen this kind of discrimination at Time prior to this, but it was incredibly embarrassing. I immediately closed my tab and left to go down the street. While their music is undoubtedly great, DO NO BRING CLIENTS OR FOREIGN GUESTS HERE.
Well, i did not eat here, but hey, went there for drinks and music after my birthday dinner at Buddakan! 

We were lucky enough to get in easily while there was a line out the door, and grab a table while the place was packed. It was my first time here, and so glad I had an amazing time. The live music, decent people and the fact that they are super generous with their shots of Jack, are a win-win in my book! 

Definitely a refreshing change from the other places I have been to. Must-go. Liked the warm and cozy feeling it gave me, I can see myself going there a lot during the winter time.
Wow. First the music on Saturday night was astounding.  I loved the cocktail menu. The Fairie Fire was spectacular. 
I really liked the green bean appetizer. I had the salmon and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Generous portions. 
There were two Manhattans. I liked the $15 one better than the $24 one.
Did I mention the music?   Jiggie.
I think perhaps there was live music on the lower levels, but when I came here I was trapped on the top floor with the DJ (or maybe it was just a DJ type of night).  The music was akin to the stuff I listened to in middle school -- not necessarily a  bad thing though.  The dance floor was slow to be populated, but once it was it was barely tolerable -- packed and overheated.  Again, not necessarily a bad thing if that's what you're looking for.

Not a place I would prioritize going to, but it'll do for a night when no other plans have come to fruition.
So I have been here a fair number of times, and having visited again recently I have decided to write my review.

This place gives off great vibes. There are couple of different bars in this place but I tend to stick to the one where live music is being played. On saturdays, a jazz band plays and they are great. 

Time has an extensive beer, wine and whiskey list. The menu changes regularly, and the food is fantastic. I get an order fries every time I go to Time, even if I already ate dinner. Those thick-cut baddies are the bees knees.
I finally got to visit the jazz bar area of this place after hearing a lot of great things about it. I went on a Monday, so there was no cover charge, but it was still quite packed! The dance floor was full by the time I left, but the staff did a good job of remaining friendly and keeping up with a rush of drink and food orders. 

I ordered a Regrettable Text, a seasonal citrus cocktail. It was delicious, as was my companion's whiskey flight. The deviled eggs were close to being overly salty, but I'd rather that than too bland. The salmon crostini was AMAZING. Fresh, delicious, and you don't feel like you've wasted $11 on a tiny small plate--if you're not sharing it equates to the size of a decent sandwich, which was a very pleasant surprise. The bar snacks were so impressive I'd love to go back when the full menu is available.

I don't recall the name of the band that was playing, unfortunately. They were very talented, however, and dance floor space was quickly reduced to enough room to sway with your partner in a small circle. 

All in all, definitely worth checking out. The high class bar snacks, expert cocktails, and atypical live music does a lot to step it up from a predictable night at the bar without completely murdering your wallet. I look forward to visiting the whiskey bar area in the future.
Wow! Went late on a Monday night last November and this place was amazing. The chef put together a fabulous 7 course tasting menu while the bar staff paired it with wine beer and scotch.  The food was fabulous the service was great. Thank you for the memorable dining experience! See you next time in back in Philly.
I always pass this place during the day, but never thought of going in.  I passed in the evening on the way to another spot, and heard some good jazz.  I decided to stop in.  There was a great tenor sax and piano duo playing.  They were excellent, and just the right volume level for dinner.

We got a cheese plate appetizer that was very good.  I got their burger. It was cooked perfectly with a nice combo grilled onions, cheese and bacon.  It came with fries that may be the best I've had in the city.  They included a fancy ketchup and horseradish dipping sauce.  My date loved her food as well. I wish I could remember what she got.

The service was fantastic.  The waiter was very nice, as well as the hostess, everything came out very quickly.  I'm happy I found this place.  I can't wait to try more of the menu.  I've had a lot of disappointing experiences lately, and this place was a breath of fresh air.  This whole area is loaded with great places. A huge change from a not long ago.  I'm coming over to this side of Broad to eat much more often.
$5 cover for a bar in Philly? Come on!

We were in the room on the right, where waitress service took forever. The place was also a bit too crowded to warrant cover, and we couldn't even hear the live music. Pass on this one, kids.
