Ting Wong on 10th Street in Chinatown is one of the old school houses specializing in Guangdong cuisine. The abundant evidence hangs in the front window where ruby roasted pork and duck are displayed on hooks as savory invitations to come inside with strong appetite. 

The dining room looks nicer than I recall from my last visit sometime in the last decade. Newer furniture now graces the house, and maybe even renovated floors and lighting. The place is still packed on weekends with people young and old eating their fill of the excellent meat kitchen up front and/or the soup and noodle possibilities in back. 

We had a bit of both. We ordered congee with ancient egg and beef chow fun from the latter and a plate of roast pork and duck over rice from the former. Everything was good to great. The congee was thick and loaded with black hard boiled egg, morsels of pork and chive on top. So much better tasting than it sounds! The pork and duck dish was almost all meat, perfectly roasted to a dark ruby bark and only the slightest fat for extra flavor.
The chow fun was the weakest entre, as it seemed a touch overcooked without sufficient brown sauce to compensate. Still, the taste was there, it just needed more lubrication. 

We liked our meal so much that we ordered half a duck and equal quantity of pork to take home. It was just as good tonight, two days later. 

Ting Wong is a wonderful tradition in Philly Chinatown, with mostly great southeast China cuisine, great prices and a strong following. It is totally old fashioned. You would not want it any other way.
I was craving for Cantonese cuisine and a quick check on the Yelp App led us here for brunch. The front window composed of chefs working through large pots of piping hot soups and rice porridge along with a range of deli items in the likes of roast duck, soy sauce chicken, and other mouthwatering items. The interior is parsimonious with little décor whatsoever. The sticky tables, tiled floors, and shades of natural lighting made this place fitting for casual, unpretentious dining experiences. 

My friend and I started off with the Steamed Chicken ($4.50) and Roasted Duck ($4.50). Slightly boney, the Steamed Chicken came with a side of ginger scallion and the meat was tender, juicy, and delicious. The Roasted Duck had a wonderful layer of crispy skin while the meat provided a secondary that gave off a lean, tender, and meaty texture. None of the seasonings were overpowering. I was impressed.

Next, we shared an order of Pork BBQ Spareribs ($4.50) that came nicely stacked with meat filled around the bones. The Spareribs were tender and easy to come off the bones. The flavor was deepened by the marinade but slightly on the salty side.

We also tried the Shrimp Rice Noodles ($2.25). The rice wrapper was soft, fluffy, and easy to pick up with the chopsticks. The shrimps were large and the sauce was flavorful and balanced. Highly recommended. 

These items nicely complemented the Plain Rice Porridge ($2) with which was creamy, piping hot, and had good consistency in every spoon. 

Service was lacking, straight-laced, and not particularly friendly. Cash only. In all, the deli items were flavorful and prices were outstanding. Except for the service, everything lived up to our expectations. I hope to return to try their other porridge with Chinese fried bread.
Typical Cantonese restaurant offering up old school Hong Kong style food to the masses in Philadelphia.  I was excited to try this place out since the photos posted on the site looked very appetizing.  

We ordered the "Standard Canto dishes" Beef chow fun, Singapore mei fun, wonton noodle soup, pork with thousand year old egg congee with a cruller on the side, order of roast pork half fat/ half lean and one dim sum dish the beef sticky roll.  

I was disappointed on all but two dishes. The roast pork was more fat than lean and the skin was not crispy. The others fell short in flavor and the others missed the magic that we call "Wok heat" The beef chow fun and Singapore mei fun were visually dull looking which I contribute to the poor Wok heat failing to seal in that flavor resulting in bland tasting food.

The congee was spot on but the cruller instead of being light, airy and crunchy was soggy and tasteless. The beef sticky roll was flavorful and had a nice semi thin skin which gave it a nice chew. The Service was fine and the food came out pretty quick once the order was placed. Price was reasonable but I'm sure there are other better Canton food options around the area.
So Ting Wong recently went through a big makeover and after a few visits since, I felt compelled to reiterate the 5-star rating. 

Firstly the important things: prices, portions, and taste have not changed with the interior - it's still super cheap with generous quantities of deliciousness no matter what you order. The biggest bang for your buck in Chinatown - and that says a lot. 

There's a wide variety of dishes to choose from but what I usually get/like: 
- BEST CONGEE EVER: combination or pork and preserved egg
- Roast duck wonton noodle soup
- Pan fried noodles: seafood delight or combination (seafood, chicken & pork)
- Rice dishes: homestyle fish fillet, fish fillet with veggies, spare ribs with black bean sauce

Since remodeling, Ting Wong has transformed from a lowkey dingy hole-in-wall to a quite presentable, decent restaurant. Service seems to have also picked up - more staff and smiles all around. I'd definitely take out-of-town guests here with downside being it's still cash only. 

Bonus: They used to always put your chopsticks and spoons right on the table, which always peeved me, but now they put them atop serving plates! Yay for cleanliness.
We have been here a few times and for inexpensive quick Chinese "fast food" you can hardly beat this place.   It's simple food done well.    I even like the hot tea they serve in glasses; it's usually very fresh and good, not too strong - not too weak.

We've mostly only gotten the rice dishes and congee, both are brilliant.  My favorite is the chicken congee; it has small chucks of white meat swimming in creamy hot rice porridge with the subtle surprise of nearly invisible slices of ginger and who knows what else that elevate it from just good to delicious.   Hubby prefers the pork congee; the larger chunks of tasty meat are more to his liking.  For $4 there is enough for two people.  

We've tried almost all the "Meats on White Rice" combos and all were delish - lovely hot, sticky, silky rice with tasty sliced meat and a small side of a green vegetable (bok choy?), what's not to like?  We've seen steaming huge plates of various yummy looking noodle types of dishes go past on their way to other customers but we are so into the congee and rice dishes we've haven't tried one yet.

I love the waiters here - they are rather taciturn, silently yet efficiently refilling glasses of water and tea almost as soon as they become empty.  There is something faintly sinister about them, their eyes never quite meet yours as they glide confidently around the room - I think this job is just a fill in between their real jobs elsewhere, I somehow imagine them as extras in a Chinese gangster movie?  

We sometimes finish off the night by slipping across the street to the equally inexpensive Mong Kok Station bakery for some delicious strong coffee and a slice of tiramisu cake.  These days it's nice there is somewhere to have a night out with your honey for $20 or so !
Great duck! $21 for a whole duck! Great roast pork! Great soy chicken. It's like being in Hong Kong. Get the noodle wonton soup it's amazing and cheap. You can get it topped with any of the meats mentioned above. A real big meal for $7. How do you beat that. Updated interior is better then before but mostly a dump, but in the best possible way. Food is first rate Chinese . The restaurant isn't pretty, the service is meh. But the food....value and spectacular!
This is a hidden gem in Chinatown with some of the best entree dishes around.  Some of the must-try dishes and highlights:
1. shrimp and pork wonton noodle soup: fresh, overstuffed and savory wontons with egg noodles in a flavorful broth.  This is the best version in Chinatown, no lie.
2. stir-fried lobster with egg and ground, fried pork: The flavor is fantastic and right on target; this is a tough dish to make but the chef here does a great job without making it greasy at all.
3. seafood and beancurd sheet hot pot: plenty of scallops, jumbo shrimp, krab, calamari, and squid, along with thin sheets of beancurd.  The broth is very savory and there is very little oil, unlike the same dish at any other Chinatown restaurant.  We get this for takeout every time.
4. fried pork chops with sauteed peppers and onions:  Oh goodness, these are so so delicious!  The pork chops are tender and the batter is the most delightfully fattening thing in the world with a great seasoning.  I literally have to stop myself from finishing the entire plate.
5. giner and scallion stir-fried frog legs:  They literally walked next door to the seafood market to get the frogs, which definitely earns them points for customer service.  The frog legs were carefully chopped into bite-sized pieces so that all of the flavor was cooked in.  The dish wasn't oily at all but still very flavorful.  
6.  singapore rice noodles: This was good but pretty much on par with the same dish at any other place on the block; still, we did enjoy it immensely
7. roast squid:  The squid here is very tender and more flavorful than Wong Wong's.  The only downside is that they only roast 2-3 per day so be sure to either pre-order or get here before 11 am or there will be no squid for you (happened to me numerous times)!
8. roast bbq pork:  pretty good, but not as amazing as Siu Chee's or Sangkee's.  More flavorful than Wong Wong's, and less fatty, too.

Service is always great and the owner is very sweet and always goes the extra mile.  Prices are cheaper than the restaurants' and the food is better.  We usually get takeout for the entrees and share the signapore noodles and wonton noodle soups while we wait.  3 stars for the roast pork but 5 stars for the netrees and squid so a very very solid 4 stars overall.
Love this place! First time we went (On a Monday an hour before closing + they are closed on Tuesday) they were out of a few things; like duck. We wanted a Fish Filet Hot Pot and waiter had to check. He walked out the door (to see if he could get another fish I presume) and came back and said we don't have enough fish for a whole dish, but could add some tofu. It was great; as was the Roast Pork app (not a real pork fan, but  have come to the conclusion I prefer Asian roast pork over regular pulled pork), and steamed veg  w/ oyster sauce. Simple, but delicious. The Pan fried noodles w/ Seafood was good. And was the wonton soup is excellent!

Not crazy about the egg noodles they use. I would recommend  ordering the flat noodles in your soup( you get a choice of egg, flat, or rice vermicelli) Their wonton soup topped with roast duck (which I tried on 2nd visit) w/ the flat rice noodles is fantastic!

They have ducks, pigs, chickens and stuff hanging up as you walk in. You can watch them assemble soups and congee and such in the front; stir frys and such are made in the back. The dude who runs the counter is fast & efficient. This place is no frills. food is cheap and plentiful and comes out quick. My last visit ( Saturday around 1 p.m found the place extremely busy) only had me waiting about 15 minutes for my to go order.

Highly recommended.
YUMYUMYUMYUM

Just got back from my first Ting Wong visit (with more to come).  

I thought for sure I had found the bastion of cheap, fresh, yummy soups in the Nan Zhou Handrawn Noodle House, but I'm pretty sure that Ting Wong blows them away.  

I got the roasted duck noodle soup with egg noodles for $5 (!).  The duck in the soup is truly succulent, I'm probably going to dream about it tonight.  The portion of duck is generous and they give you all the good pieces. In addition, they make the soup a well balanced meal by throwing in some chinese greens.  My friend who got the duck with wontons in his soup said the wontons were second only to his moms.

The atmosphere like everything in chinatown is utilitarian, but contrary to other reviewers on here, I found it to be pretty clean, definitely clean enough to be non-repulsive.  

Free hot tea.

I will definitely be back here many more times now that soup season is in full force.
Solid casual dining spot in the Chinatown area. I walked in on a Sunday evening around 6:00pm and the place was already at 95% capacity. Luckily I was able to snag one of the remaining tables left to enjoy a solo meal while in town for business. I had already looked up their menu online and knew what I wanted (I like to be prepared, especially when on the brink of starvation so my food comes out quicker, ha!).

As soon as a I sat down, a teapot was left at my table and I ordered. Since it was just me, I wanted to get the most bang and variety for my buck. I ordered their roast duck and roast pork over rice dish and I asked for extra veggies just because I felt like I needed more of a balanced meal. The extra veggies cost $1.50 more, but I'm not complaining since my whole meal came out to just $9.00. 

When my food arrived, I was actually surprised at how large the portion was. My inner fat kid squealed with joy as I began to tackle my plate. The duck was cooked to perfection - the skin was crisp, the fat rendered out (but not completely so there was plenty of flavor and depth). The roast pork was tender, slightly sweet, and had the slightest char on the sides. This mea was what I had a hankering for for a while. There aren't too many places in South Florida that offer Chinese BBQ and I made sure to enjoy every morsel of my meal.

Overall I was very satisfied with my food. I took off one star, however, because the servers never came  back to check on me after my food was served.
This is my favorite go-to restaurant in Philly for breakfast for the past 15 years, I also did take-out for lunch and dinner from here. I like the fact that you can order anything from the menu starting at 8 am and not having to wait until 11 to be able to order lunch items. Their variety of congees (rice porridge), noodle soups, Hong Kong style pan-fried noodles, fried rice and meats on white rice are all delicious as well as their lunch entrees. 

I usually get the roast duck or soy sauce chicken vermicelli noodle soup and rice rolls with ground beef and cilantro, which is soo good! My husband's favorite is their fish filet with broccoli on rice. The food is great, cheap and comes out super quick, service is good and it's located in the heart of Philly Chinatown with plenty of street parking. What more can I ask for? I love this place! Their other location is in NY Chinatown on E. Broadway.
The 2 of us showed up for lunch on a Tuesday and were hit by both Good & Bad news.  The Good was that the place was packed, the overwhelming majority of the guests being Asian, promising both good and authentic Chinese food.  The Bad was - well - the place was packed!  We were asked if we wanted to share a table with 2 people already into their meal - we did and were very glad that we did.

The Roast Duck & Pork soup was delicious, with generous portions of both meats in a flavorful noodle broth. A thinly sliced pork dish with wide noodles and vegetables was also very good.  The winner of the meal was the fantastic "Roasted Pig", which brought a dish of the crispiest pork skin and meat served over rice that we've ever had.  It was addictive!

For the above, with hot tea and a soda, the bill came to around $24.00 before tip.  There was so much food, we had the leftovers for dinner.

To help with the menu, which is substantial, you may want to take out your smartphone and look at the pictures provided by other diners and show the servers what you would like to order.

The room itself is sparsely decorated and not a destination place for a romantic candle-lit dinner but is definitely a place to return to for an outstanding authentic Chinese meal.
Been coming here for years, and it has quick service, affordable prices, and DELICIOUS food. Also great place to get roast pork or duck take outs. Check out their porridge, roast duck and pork, tomato beef over rice, or any noodle soups. One suggestion is the lighting inside could be a little less dingy and a bit brighter.
One of the most popular and classic Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia is Ting Wong in Chinatown.  After a change of ownership and remodeling it looks great and is still one of the best culinary bargains in Philadelphia.  One of their specialties is Hong Kong pan fried noodles.  They are superb.  I stopped in for the all vegetarian Buddha's Delight pan fried noodles Hong Kong style.  To me it is one of the best vegetarian/vegan dishes in Philadelphia.  Ting Wong is always busy but service does its best to keep up.  Sunday evening is a great time to go.  It is super crowded with Chinese families dining there and there is def a buzz in the air.  I gotta give it five stars!
After reading LaBan's Chinatown restaurant run-down, Ting Wong struck me a the first establishment I needed to visit. A simple, inexpensive, low-décor, duck house--how could this not be first on the list?

My girlfriend and I visited on a Monday evening and left smiling. 

Upon entering we were greeted by our server and seated in one of the restaurant's small pick of tables. We shared the Duck Wonton Soup, Roast Pig, and Beef Chow Fun with Black Bean Sauce. All classic and delicious.

The Roast Pig, in particular, was the pick of the lot. Succulent, boneless pork surrounded by a skin crispier and more flavorful than a plate of cracklins. 

Their menu is expansive but Ting Wong seems to do soup, duck, and pork the best. A simple glance at their front-of-house kitchen (lined with roast ducks, pork belly, vats of meat broth, ribs, and more) quickly confirms this hypothesis. 

One interesting note from the LaBan article--the Chicken Wonton Soup is supposed to be excellent. Apparently Ting Wong, everyday, gets fresh, live chickens from the local poultry shop to make their soup. And while the Duck Soup was great, the prospect of FRESH chicken (as in living that same day) is too good to pass up. It will be the first thing I order on my next visit.

All that said, at Ting Wong, if you stick to the basics I don't think you can go wrong. Highly recommended for the unpretentious.
If you haven't been here yet, there is some TING WONG with you. Ok, I promise that's the last cheap Asian joke I'll make in this review. Speaking of cheap - this place! 4 of us had dinner with leftovers for $14 each!

When I'm sick I get super Asian and all I want is jook (aka congee)- a rice porridge. It's Asia's chicken noodle soup and Ting Wong does it well, with big flavorful chicken pieces. You can tell it's good because almost everyone (Asian) was eating this (and most people looked healthy). I'll have to come back for breakfast when they have the fried dough to dip in it (yep, Chinese people eat rice for breakfast).

We also really enjoyed the roast duck and roast pork and spare ribs. Clearly they do meat well here (just look at all the delicious looking meat hanging in the window). They even have Peking duck! (They have the pillowy mini taco type, not the crepe kind).

Service is not their strong suit, but the food comes out super fast and I appreciate our waitress talking us out of getting the wet chow fun and recommending the dry. What I don't appreciate is having to hunt our waiter down for water and having them offer us forks (what an insult!). They take credit card and are BYOB.'

Ting Wong, you'll be seeing me again, hopefully in full health next time, but definitely also when I'm sick again.
Came by here last night because I saw the good yelp reviews but looks like they were shut down. FYI
If you see my photo, the portions can be very large. I got the chicken lo mein. Service was very quick, although that can be attributed to a relaxed day - there were about 6 other customers with me in the restaurant. It's really nice to see that they have tables of all difference sizes, for 2, for 4, for 8. I didn't feel bad about eating alone (although it was a bit sad, to be honest).

The layout of the restaurant is exactly that of M Kee. As in, the location of the kitchen, seating, etc. Quite eerie, but I think it works well. There is enough walking room so that the waiters don't have to play tetris to reach their respective tables.

The meal was fine. I was served with water as soon as I came in. As mentioned, the portion was large. Was not expecting that, especially for $6. A bit salty, and I'm sure more than enough sodium for a day's worth. Regardless, good bang-for-my-buck. Came out satisfied.

They also don't charge tax, and their payment system wasn't conducive for smooth tipping (when you're done with the meal they give you a receipt and you go to the front near the entrance to pay.

P.S. very cheap congee!
The Fish Buddha Delight should have been called Fish Buddha Disappointment. Not because of the lack of flavor, but for the lack of vegetables. I've had Buddha Delights at other Chinese restaurants before, and they are usually packed with carrots, broccoli stems, water chestnuts, broccoli florets, baby carrots and other veggies, but this one wasn't. The tofu that was in it was also soft, and not the crispy kind. Needless to say,  I was not satisfied.  Buddha would not approve.
Always quick easy and tasty. Simple, no frills authentic Chinese food. Rock bottom prices and big portions always satisfy. 

I have had several dishes here over various visits and all have been fine. 

I had the beef with orange flavor this time and it was very good.  Not overly sweet or heavy, tender and plentiful.   

Very good and very inexpensive    Good service as well.

Updated my stars to 5. I have been so craving that orange beef ever since i had it!!!
Attending the Philadelphia Flower Show with Eva last Saturday.  Simple or negligible decor, but we were looking for a simple and quick lunch with decent cooking.  HOME RUN!  Decor does not a chef make.  The roast duck congee was sweet, delicious, had substance and went down oh so easy.  Ask for small bowls to share with a friend.  The chicken pan fried noodles had a sweet aroma in an oyster and plum/hoisin sauce.  The fresh sautéed green vegetables were, in fact, fresh and served in a flavorful brown sauce.

If you are in Philly, the convention center and want inexpensive but quality Chinese cuisine, give Ting Wong a try.  138 North 10th Street.
Maybe I just haven't looked hard enough, but I'm thrilled beyond belief that I've finally found a place for Hong Kong style fried crispy noodles -- if you haven't had this dish before, it's comprised of wok-fried vegetables, meat, and a thick sauce ladled over a serving of not-yet-hydrated noodles that were fried in oil.

Because I was ordering it for takeout, they were thoughtful enough to package the noodles and the sauce in two separate containers, ensuring that I didn't come home to a soggy sad mess. Mmm!

The folks manning the counter are a bit abrupt but nice enough, and it's cash only. While I was there waiting for my takeout, I noticed that they also serve a bunch of roasted meats, congee, and the ubiquitous fried oily stick. Seeing lots of my childhood favourites means I'm definitely coming back to explore more of their menu!
Still the favorite place in Chinatown & to eat in general. The food comes out quickly & steaming hot. And the service is also fast, friendly & efficient.

We had the tofu & swai fish pot that I mentioned last time pronounced: "ban lam bow". Came out so hot & real crunchy.

My brother had the 1000 year old egg congee that came out in a medium size looking bowl but he said it is actually never ending when you're eating it.

We also had the thick pan fried beef noodles that we just perfect. Not too salty or hard.

This place is also good for take out & big orders for parties which is what we've been doing. The prices are great too.
As a NYer, this place is like your Big Wong on Mott so you definitely can compare their dishes. Came to get lunch before we left and I ordered my usual, roast pork and soy sauce chicken over rice. There was a line of people who were ordering so I definitely felt confident that this is a good spot. First, they were quick with the orders given the amount of people who ordered ahead and after me. Waited maybe 2-3 minutes before it was ready. I think they give more meat compared to Big Wong buttt, when the lady told me the price of my lunch I was taken aback a little. She looked at me at said $10.80 and I thought she got my order mixed up so I confirmed if that was my order and she said yes. I did not have a problem paying that or maybe I haven't ordered from a fast casual chinese place in a while since the pandemic started but 10.80 felt a little steep. I understand that prices went up, just didnt realize what I was used to paying $7/8 in NY would cost me almost 3 bucks more. Anyway, the food itself was prettty darn good. When I watched the man cutting my roast pork, I was a little nervous because the piece looked like it was on the leaner side and I like half lean/half fatty roast pork but nope, the pieces I got were reallly tender, very flavorful and just really good. The chicken was also marinated nicely so they was flavor to it. The orders were so big, I must've at close to half at first and I was already stuffed. I finished the rest on my own a few hours later and felt very satisfied. Would recommend this spot!
Keep away from this establishment as if your life depended on it!! Because, it does! 

I ordered a few items from their appetizer menu on a Monday and was best friends with the porcelain throne by Wednesday into Thursday. When I finally recovered from my sickly delirium I looked up to see when their last inspection was and I came to find out that one had just been done that Thursday while my head was in the toilet. They have a very long list of infractions against them! 

But the icing on the cake, I was charged an extra $2.50 to get sick! Even though I was well over their $10 credit card minimum as posted on their register.

It's taken me a bit to decide whether to write this review or not as this was a childhood and family favorite for years. But the way the conduct their business, with a lack of respect to the quality and value they provide to their customers - I could not sit by and let another person risk getting sick.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, where I now live, but I have been coming there way before that... It is no frills, but the food is great, as are the prices! The duck and the soy chicken are my favorites (I order the appetizers without the rice). Their won tons are nice and thin and very good. Great fried rice too. They are also very efficient. Highly recommended.
More like 4.5 stars, but I'll round up.

I've eaten at most of the restaurants in Philly Chinatown and this is one of the best ones. Trust me, I'm a fob (and also because Philly Magazine in June ranked it as the #34 best Philly restaurant :P).

Like most places in Chinatown, it has a no-frills decor and most of the staff speaks Cantonese. In fact, majority of the patrons are Chinese judging from my eavesdropping nearby conversations. Always a good sign at a Chinese restaurant.

Ting Wong specializes in roast poultry and other Hong Kong dishes. My fave is the roast duck. I frequently order 1/2 duck for take out and for $10 that's a pretty awesome deal for decadence and flavor. I like Sang Kee too and I think the duck is comparable at these two spots.

A major appeal of this place is that it serves congee (porridge made from rice), a dish most commonly consumed for breakfast. On days when I'm suffering from self-induced heart burn symptoms, the gentle yet delicious Congee w/ Thousand Year Egg (or some call it Century Egg) and Pork magically soothes me. Don't worry if you don't know what a century egg is, just try it, be adventurous.

I've also tried their noodle dishes and sauteed vegetable dishes, which have all been satisfying. The chefs also make their food with impressive Asian efficiency. Oftentimes I'm in and out of this place w/ a bagful of delicious food in under 5 minutes when I order take out.

They also serve "youtiao" (Chinese crullers), which are essentially fried dough sticks, for breakfast (most ppl eat them with congees or w/ soymilk). I'm not sure where else in Chinatown you can find them so this is another plus. 

Service: fast, no fuss, cash only, and almost always friendly.
Still the same great food and even better prices. Just a tip: ask for less salt on the rice dishes and you have yourself a very tasty and healthy meal!
Ting Wong is an authentic Chinese restaurant that serves no-nonsense and familiar dishes. I come here when the homesickness becomes unbearable and the hanging ducks in the window are instantly comforting. 

I normally order the roast duck/ bbq pork combo over rice. It's drenched in sauce and absolutely scrumdiddlyumptious.

I wish they would include just a little more of the boiled veggies on the plate to counterbalance the enormous serving of meat (and to lessen the guilt of ingesting half a duck in one meal!).
Old school Cantonese where wait staff has ion a white shirt and a black or red vest. Food is swift along with the service and the food is good. They make a few dim sum staples like cheurn fun if you are willing to wait. If not order congee or any thing from the front incl their barbecue items. For those of you are reading this that are from NY. This is a version of Dai Wong
Still the best place in town for congee and sweet bread to dip in it! My husband and I went there every Saturday for brunch! Now that we've moved away, we make sure to have it on our 'must visit' list every time we're in town.
There is not thing wrong at ting wong. We just wanted some nice congee and dimsum. 

Dimsum is limited in option however they were freshly made for just us as you order. Congee if you are new to it, I would suggest just go for plain without any added stuff. You should get some bbq cuts on the side if going for lunch or dinner. I can tell their stuff is legit. 

We have a huge breakfast and only cost under $15 for two.
Ting Wong is a hole in the wall kinda place that serves delicious, simple Chinese food at a dirt cheap price. Is this the kind of place you would have a business meeting? No. This is the kind of place you go to skeky to enjoy food and escape the pretentiousness and deceiving flair of pricier, less yummy restaurants.
I love Ting Wong and I crave it constantly. I ate here two days ago, had leftovers for lunch the next day, the rest of my leftovers for dinner....and then I seriously debated going back to get more. 

The three dishes of the moment (in no particular order)
1. Vegetarian Chow Fun (dry)
2. Buddha's Delight
3. Salted Pepper Tofu w/ Chili

So the vegetarian chow fun and Buddha's delight are awesome not just because they have great (yet light) flavor but also because they add so many fresh veggies: renkon (lotus root), mushrooms, broccoli, snow peas, etc. The salted pepper tofu w/chili I love because it has the same seasoning as salt and pepper pork chops (which I used to love) and the tofu is so deliciously crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

This is the perfect amount of food for three, or for two (with enough leftovers for another 1+ lunch or dinner). Even with tax and tip you'll pay less than $35. In conclusion, A++ food, great prices, nice people.
For all the Ting Wong fans out there, they will finally be reopening on Wednesday 11/18/15!! It's been a long wait, but the time has finally come. 

Yes, time to celebrate with my dearly missed  Cantonese dishes from them!
- CONGEE (best in Chinatown- basically why I come)
- roast pork or roast duck (noodle/rice) 
- fried dough with rice noodle (ja-leung) 

Cash only*
This is chinese fast food at its finest.  I come here for lunch all the time for cheap and delicious eats. 

This place's claim to fame is their smoked and roasted meats.  Their duck is amazing and FAR SUPERIOR to the likes of Sang Kee and at a fraction of the cost.  They have really good barbeque pork as well.  And when fresh YOU MUST GET THE WHOLE ROAST PIG!!! Crispy skin and tender meat is heavenly :)  

Whether you sit down or take out service is always blazing fast and I don't think I've ever spent more than 10 dollars AFTER tip for myself in one meal.  Waiters do get kinda snappy, and don't really count on a refill of water or tea unless you ask for it, but that's how these places are run even in Hong Kong, so I'm not as upset as I usually am with sub par waitering.  This place is designed for you to get in, get out and no dilly dallying, just the way I like it when I only have 45 minutes for lunch.

EDIT: To my dismay, the chef that was responsible for most of this goodness has moved...the quality of food has dropped and now it's just mediocre, please see my recommendation of M Kee for my new go to spot
Underrated gem in Chinatown! My friends and I were shocked to find 75% of the restaurants in CT closed for Winter Storm Stella because they never close. Ting Wong was one of the few restaurants opened so we decided to dine here, I've only gotten take out from here but never stepped in myself and the place is pretty big, same size as Tai Lake. The menu is very extensive, it's like a combination of Sang Kee (soy sauce chicken/pork/duck over rice) and Tai Lake/David's Mai Lah Wah (sizzling beef, etc). 

Service is where this place lost a star. Food came out quickly although the place was packed but our waiter didn't understand English at all, even after we pointed to each individual item and he had another server come confirm with us; he forgot to put in an order for our fried intestines. 

Food: excellent! Rice dishes might be better than Sangkee and not to mention a little cheaper with bigger portions! They give a little bit less vegetables than Sang Kee but definitely more rice and meat, presentation is also more appetizing. The meats are perfectly seasoned and there's a beautiful gloss of shine from the sauce over it (look at my pics).

Roast pork over rice- really good! A staple but Ting Wong seasoned it perfectly and it's tender. $6.25

Soy sauce chicken over rice - way better than Sang Kee! The chicken tastes a lot fresher, more tender, and better seasoned. I saw one random dish called "scrambled egg with roast pork over rice," and imma sucker for egg, so I ordered it but switched the pork for soy sauce chicken. AWESOME! When they say "scrambled" they really mean fried (well done sunny side up). $6.25

Chicken, corn soup- $4.5 small, $9 large. Same price as other places but there's a small option. you can't really mess this up. Simple but great soup and I liked it! 

Our total came to $27 and some change with 3 rice dishes, 1 soda, and a soup perfect for three people to share. Overall, really good experience and I'll be back :)
Hands down, my favorite dish from Ting Wong is a soy sauce chicken hanging in the window. Eating the freshly cleaved  pieces is wonderful, especially when dipped in the salty ginger sauce. The other dishes are okay, but not standouts, so my recommendation is to get a soy sauce chicken to go rather than to incorporate it into a sit-down meal.  However, don't be the first one in the store, or you may get *yesterday's* fresh chicken rather than today's.
Well this place is closing on 10-15-2014,  the old guard is being replace with new faces.  Ting Wong will stand and be opened up in the same spot but will the food be the same?  Time will tell.  As for my last meal at this place, wonton soup with roast pig was freaking awesome!  Hope the old guard will reopen somewhere else in Chinatown.
This is a must-come place in Philly, with very traditional Cantonese food served. They've been recently refurbished with everything inside and everywhere looks clean and nice. Loved it!
Outside certain core areas in the US, good Chinese food is slim pickings. And let's face it, Philadelphia is not exactly known for its Chinese food. Truth be told, I didn't even realize there was a Chinatown there until I started visiting the city. So, I was pleasantly surprised when I found myself having a satisfying meal at Ting Wong!

Ting Wong serves legit Chinese food - Hong Kong style to be precise. I had a nice variety of dishes: roast duck, soy sauce chicken, won ton noodle soup, seafood congee, and pork and thousand year old egg congee. Good flavors; while it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was decently on point and if I lived in Philly, Ting Wong would be a go to place for me. 

The decor is nothing to write home about, but the food's cheap, comes out quick and with good portions. Great for take out too.

The verdict: 3 stars + 1 star for being a diamond in the rough = 4 stars overall.
Ting Wong is one of very very few good restaurant in Chinatown. Their congee oh so yummy. Their roast pork oh em gee. Their price unbelievably cheap. But still.. it's in Chinatown. So if I wanted to eat here, I have to go either early morning or Sunday.. since parking can be ridiculously painful around here.

There's not much contact with the waiter and they aren't rude. Maybe it was early in the morning. I don't know. Not a problem to me at all so yeah.

I'll try their meats on white rice combos next time.. or maybe their hong kong style noodle.. or.. gahhhh!! I can't decide.. A lot of yummy and cheap but filling food over there! Seriously!!
Ting Wong's is the place I always take friends or family to when visiting Chinatown. It's a hub for locals as well as foodies with a taste for authentic Chinese. 

It's a small venue for how popular it is! Sometimes you have to share a table with other diners, but it's sort of cool to strike up a conversation or politely say hello as your sip your tea waiting for the food to come.

* Bring CASH  
* If you're looking for General Tso Chicken or other typical Chinese-American food, this is not the place! (Just leave Chinatown and hit a local corner store). Ting Wongs serves AUTHENTIC Cantonese food.
* Huge portions 

I have had the roasted duck soup  with noodles and the same with pork. It was amazing both times! The pork soup also had dumplings inside. Their roasted duck is crispy yet juicy and has amazing flavors mixing in with the broth. I'm not sure that their noodles are made in house, but they're okay! 

I also tried the cold jellyfish appetizer which is EXACTLY what is sounds like. At first you're like WTF? You're expecting a whole jellyfish with antennae and all to come out, but it's actually delicious: sliced, marinated jellyfish (a huge mountain on a plate) served with lemon. Unexpected, but super yummy.

My friend tried the chicken Lo Mein and liked it! She also had asked for Beef with Broccoli and got it, even though it wasn't on the menu.

Another friend got the Roast duck with rice platter, and the duck is magical all on its own. 
Overall, super yummy for the price! And quick service too. 

Please mark my review as useful if it helped your experience with Ting Wongs in Chinatown!
AAAAHHHH I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED!! :( I came here purposely to get some roasted pork (siu yuk) to bring back to Maryland, but I was super duper disappointed. I came here around 12pm and got 2 pounds of siu yuk. The total came out to be $36, which is expensive... I saw it was supposed to be $14 a pound. But whatever, the reviews were solid for this place, so okay I'll pay it. Looking back at it now makes me feel like I was cheated into paying more, but it's my fault since I had high expectations. 

After I paid, I left and got to my friend's house. I looked at the siu yuk then, and it was very cold and dry looking. I was disappointed already by how it looks, and the fact that it was cold. Are the meats by the pound at Ting Wong supposed to be cold? -sighs- I figured maybe it would taste good still after heating it up but no. The meat was tough to chew and very salty (this is without the sauce). With all that being said, I was just disappointed in the experience and food.
I'm glad to see that Ting Wong has such great reviews because it deserves them. I've never had a bad meal here, and the food is always a good price. I could write a long review, but all I really think I need to say is:
Breakfast: cheung fun + congee
Lunch/dinner: assorted meats
Yes.
Oh wow I had not been here for years but decided to come here for a quick lunch with a friend.  I had a shrimp with bok choy lunch plate and he had the shrimp with egg sauce plate.  Both were good albeit a bit salty, but made with plenty of jumbo shrimp - all for less than $6 each.  We also split a shrimp rice noodle app.  Inclusive of tax and tip, it was about $16.  The portions were very generous and we had leftovers.  They also have barbeque chicken wings, which I was very glad to take home a lb. of ($7/lb).  Still a Chinatown classic after more than a decade!
If you're not in the mood to read a long review, skip to the summary paragraph at the end.

Whenever I went to Siu Kee, I'd see Ting Wong out of the corner of my eye and wonder if I should give this place a try. It wasn't until I saw the construction going on inside that I finally decided to make plans. There's something about a closed storefront and a notice of construction that really gets me interested. It's like a promise of something good to come.

Entering for the first time, I was a bit perplexed. Ting Wong seems to be in the midst of transitioning from a casual Cantonese barbecue joint into a trendy Chinese restaurant. Whether or not Ting Wong will ever make it to the destination...I have no idea. The walls were a little too white and the lighting a little too neon. Then again, this is Chinatown. There are no rules here.

Onward to food, the only portion of the review that really matters. My friend and I tried the roast duck congee, roast duck-barbecue pork combo over rice, and chicken anchovies fried rice. While none of these dishes disappointed us, I would probably only order the chicken anchovies fried rice again.

The roast duck congee was prepared differently than I'm accustomed to. Instead of placing the sliced duck on top of the congee, the cook deboned, shredded, and incorporated the duck into the rice. Although deboning the duck encourages good table manners, it also completely separates the fat from the meat, leading to bites of only fat and rice. Not pleasant, I promise you.

I discovered from trying my friend's roast duck-barbecue pork combo that the roast duck is actually very good. The meat is tender and flavorful. The skin is satisfyingly greasy and springy. I would say that it's the second best roast duck I've had in Philly's Chinatown. The barbecue pork was unfortunately dry and flavorless.

For those who aren't familiar, chicken anchovies fried rice is essentially chicken fried rice cooked with little pieces of dried, salted fish. This is one of those dishes that restaurants tend to get wrong by either putting too little or too much fish, thereby throwing off the balance of flavor. Ting Wong puts just the right amount of salted fish -- Goldilocks would definitely approve. ;)

In conclusion (cheers to fifth grade sentence starters), Ting Wong is a typical, reliable Cantonese barbecue joint. Come here for good roast duck and chicken anchovies fried rice. If you get the roast duck congee, ask for the roast duck on the side. Avoid the barbecue pork. That's all you need to know!
GOT TO GET THE ROASTED PORK AND DUCK RICE DISH HERE. It's cheap, it's good and it's fast. The place is a bit small but it goes pretty fast on a good day. I also am a fan of the pan fried seafood noodles here as well. But the pork and duck rice dish is definitely their best.
I can't compare this to other Chinatown restaurants bc this is one of the few I've been to, being an out-of-towner. However, my parents and I do know Cantonese cuisine and we thoroughly enjoyed the food here.

All prices on the menu were around $4-6.50, depending on what you order. An absolute steal. My dad got the wontons with fishballs in wonton soup, my mom the roast pork in wonton soup, and I the pickled vegetables with beef.  Portion size was fabulous.  Even with my mom and my combined efforts, we could not could finish the pickled vegetable with beef dish.  My dad got 4-5 full size fishballs (as opposed to when they slice the fishballs in half, probably so as to give you less) along with a good number of wontons. My pickled vegetable and beef dish was piping hot with just the right amount of salt, and flavorful.

As we ate, we saw an employee bringing out 8 roast ducks to hang up.  Chinese people would never prepare so many ducks if they didn't think they'd sell that same day bc no smart Chinese shopper wants to buy day-old duck.  We took this to mean that the turnover for food is high and that the roast meat is pretty fresh as a result.

This is a no-frills kind of place - once you get your food, no one's going to keep checking up on you - and the decorations are spartan.  However, rest assured that you'll leave with your belly full of piping hot and authentically cooked food and your wallet unscathed.  4.5 stars if Yelp would allow half stars.
Ok, you are hungry and craving something cheap and delicious.  You could try a burger place but something says to try Chinese. You are by yourself.  Here is the perfect place, Ting Wong!  For $4, less than a burger at a fast food place, you get a heaping bowl of hot, won ton noodle soup with vegetables. Roast duck noodle soup is only $5!  Is this place great or what? Decor is very spartan. Service is fast and delivered in 5 minutes. I gave a top rating because it is one of the best values for the money in Chinatown and the place deserves your business. Previous reviews have loved the soy sauce chicken.  Everything is under $10.  Go and enjoy this deal!
I've always walk past this restaurant but never went in. I heard its one of the originals in Chinatown and I can see why ppl love it. Their menu is simple and the price is amazing. I got the soy chicken over rice for $4.50 that's a really cheap lunch. My boyfriend had their veggie congee and it was $3.50, our lunch was a total of $9.00 for two ppl! 

Taste wise: the chicken was delicious and well prepared. It has good authentic flavor to it. The congee was also well prepared. 

The look of the restaurant is renovated inside, its simply decorated. 

I am definitely coming back again for their cheap lunch.
The waiter is very rude. He was staring at you while you are writing your tips and forcefully asked you for more tips even without considering he didn't even provide any service. This was really bad experience. I will never come to this place again and I won't recommend this place!!
Affordable, yummy, fast service, yummy, open early, did I mention yummy? This place was the shizzle! (^.^) I really enjoyed eating here. The moment you walk into the store, you're treated to an amazing aroma of Chinese BBQ meat. The sight alone will make you salivate. 

There were quite a few options when it came to the meat. You have the usual suspects: roast pig, BBQ pork, soy or scallion chicken, and their delicious roast duck. There were also some cool items like squid and BBQ chicken wings. They also have a lot of other traditional Chinese dishes like sizzling pots and homemade wontons.

The prices were also very reasonable. Where else can you get roast duck, BBQ pork and soy chicken on rice for $12? I recommend checking this place out anytime you're in Chinatown. I usually get the rice with 2 meat. If you're with a friend, just get 2 orders of this, they're around $8 each. You can get 4 different types of meat and share with each other. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Last here yesterday!

It's very busy during lunch hour but the service is quick and the food comes out very promptly. Their noodle soup is very delicious, I usually opt for the combination of 2 meats (some permutation of roast duck, soy chicken, roast pork and spare ribs), and it's always been yummy in my tummy. If you have a strong appetite (their portions are generous) add some breakfast items (their Chiang Fun is freshly made upon ordering) to your meal too. 

Can't wait until the next time I can sneak in a quick meal here on my lunch break!
best congee and shrimp chung fun. Awesome prices. Very authentic.
After not visiting this restaurant for 7 years, they seem completely different. It's super clean and definitely renovated recently. My family always visits this establishment in Philly for their authentic Chinese food and coming from Flushing, Queens; I was very impressed. Everything we ordered came out fast and fresh. 

Normally I'm hesitant to order roast pork rice rolls (chern fung) but seeing how they have fresh roast pork by the window, I gave it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised as the dish came out piping hot with tons of meat inside with enough soy sauce. My family also ordered beef chow fun, wontons, Chinese veggies, roast pork, and 2 bowls of congee. A meal like this in NYC would easily cost $60-70 and give less generous portions. Here, the bill was under 40 and the dishes were huge. I have never seen a beef chow fun this large and tasty for $7.50. I will definitely be back next time in Philly.
Big shoutout to Foobooz for featuring Ting Wong so prominently over the last few months. I finally checked out Ting Wong for lunch this past week and enjoyed my experience immensely. 

Definitely felt out of my comfort zone - but in the best way. Ordering dishes and not knowing 100% sure what we were going to get. But, it all worked out - in a delicious way.

We were all over the menu:
- Congee with Roasted Pork & Preserved Egg
- Ginger & Scallion Noodle
- Chicken & Roasted Duck on Rice
- Chiang Fun with Roast Pork

Everything was super flavorful & interesting. It was my first foray into congee and I am a fan. The savory porridge, with the rich bits of egg and meaty pork was delicious - and actually the thing I found myself returning throughout the meal.

The ginger & scallion noodles were solid, as was the Chiang Fun. The chicken & roasted duck on rice was good - but, admittedly, I get skeeved out around bones, and both the chicken and duck had a lot of bones in the meat. Maybe my least favorite dish.

Oh, and it's incredibly affordable. All of the above was more than enough food for the two of us & was under $30 with tip.

Ting Wong, you have piqued my interest and I will be back.
This is my go-to spot! My family always loved getting their butchered meats, which is always very fresh and tasty. They also have very good meals! Love their rice dishes that come with their butchered meat, as well as their noodles or noodle soup. I'm a fan of their roasted pork (cha siu), roast pig (crispy), and scallion chicken. For my early lunch or breakfast, I like their congee with pork and thousand yr duck egg. Prices here are very much standard and affordable. The amount of food you can get for what you pay is well worth it, sometimes you can split your entrees! It's a small place, but if you decide to eat in, you can definitely get a table if you aren't going on a very, very busy day. This is a place where you can bring family to, it's not super fancy, but great comfort food.
The food is delicious. However the customer service is terrible. The short lady with glass is very mean. I just ask her what kind of chicken is in the three combination pan fried noodle, she started yelling at me.
I normally get the roast duck and roast pork to go, which never disappoint. Seasoned well, rich in flavor. Their sauce for the duck is similiar to Siu Kee. Its marinated very well into the bones. Delicioussss..

First time dining in since their second renovation (which has been a good few months), with all new owner and staff.

- bland soup.
- soggy noodle.
- shrimp wonton only, and the wonton size has been cut in half.
- slow wait staff.

I think I'll stick to their duck and roast pork. To go.
I used to come here all the time before the ownership change recently, and they always had really cheap comfort breakfast food like congee or wonton soup. never tried the rice dishes but they looked great as well. the only complaint I had before was that their service was a tad bit on the slow side for a quick place for food and the sanitary standards weren't too high. but now with the new owner, the place looks nice and renovated (although now it's busier), and so many more staff members as well. food quality doesn't seem to have changed so that's the good news. I will definitely come back again soon for my congee (who says no for a 4 bucks a bowl with roast pork or duck?)
I love going to Chinatown restaurants. Doesn't really matter what big city I'm in. The environment is pretty much the same. This place is no exception. The staff was friendly and very attentive. The dishes we ordered were very good and the portions were large. We had to take the rest in boxes. I would go back here when I'm back in the area.
This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly!
I was there a several times and was never disappointed 
Authentic, quick service and cheap,
Worth a visit!
Definitely go here. I was looking for a good quality Chinese place for lunch with my mom (who is very picky) and this place came up on yelp. Holy cannoli I am glad it did.

Probably the freshest most beautifully made Chinese/Cantonese food I've had in my life. I mean. Spectacular. I couldn't believe the quality and that we had that kind of thing available in the states after growing up on Panda Express my whole life. Needless to say I was back with my boyfriend two days later.

With my mom, we got:

-Buddha Delight: huge portion. Beautiful delicate flavor, no weird Chinese food reflux later.
-Soy Chicken and Wonton Soup: the chicken will fall apart in your mouth, the wonton is one of the most delicious I've ever eaten, the noodles are perfect and on the firmer side, and the broth is beautiful.
-Sweet & Sour Soup: strong flavor 
-Roast Pork appetizer: comes out not hot which I didn't expect, but the flavor is out of this world.

With my boyfriend we got:

-Chiang Fun with Roast Pork: um amazing. Omg. Never getting dim sum again, just coming here.
-Roast Duck and BBQ Spare Ribs over Hong Kong Noodle: incredibly awesomely amazing. Flavorful meat and noodles
-Fried dough: not much to report. Just a nice filler but you don't need it 

It was amazing !!!!!!!!!! The service is weird but it's probably just language or cultural barrier and the food is so good that I don't even care. Every other table seemed to be speaking Chinese with the waiters ... #authentic
I come here for fast service and take out. My list of safe food choices are roast duck, soy sauce chicken, spare ribs, and congee. Usually everything is on the saltier side, but if have it with rice, it's fine. Just don't soak your rice in soy sauce!!!!

Also, I really like their noodle soups! They have so many noodle choices too. You can order it with any toppings you want, all for less than $6.
Amazing authentic Chinese noodles and other dishes. If you're looking for "classics" like Chicken and Broccoli, General Tso Chicken, or anything else from Panda Express, this is not the place for you.

Stick to the noodle and soup dishes and you cannot go wrong. While the servers were by no means fluent (maybe not even comfortable) with English, it was easily overlooked with their kindness and caring hospitality.

Great for a quick authentic bite in Chinatown.
My friends invited me along to dinner at Ting Wong before a show at the Troc last weekend. I had never heard of it before but apparently it's earned accolades for its food. I now see why! It was really delicious.

The restaurant is small, BYO, and they don't accept reservations. We waited for a few minutes but were quickly given a table. We ordered a few dishes to share. My choice was the chicken fried rice, which turned out to be excellent! I know it's basic, but theirs was really nice and well-balanced. I'd return for that dish!

Servers were very friendly and the food came out promptly and hot. A definite gem in Chinatown.
We used to patron this spot almost every week as the food is cheap and tasty, even though the workers are surly and the place is dirty as hell.

We always order the wanton noodle soup, beef pan fried noodles, and a rice plate.  However, ever since we found grubs in the beef pan fried noodles and pubic hair in the wantons (on two separate occasions) we have stopped visiting this nasty joint, because in my book two strikes you are out.  I've been to dirty places and even heard about ubran legends of Chinese restaurants (some told by my restaurant owning relatives) but this place takes the cake.  YUCK!
This place offers horrendous service. I frequent this place quite often but today was my first dine in experience. But I will never ever return again.

My husband and I came in for lunch today we ordered a bunch of food. The food was decent for the price. But about half way into our meal, I discovered that my husband water glass had a visible pink lipstick stain on it. I waved a waitress over and pointed to the glass, she just glanced at it and said she will bring us another one. I was so appalled at her attitude. I know sometimes these mistakes happens but I think in this kind of scenario she should at least show remorse or apologize on behalf of the restaurant. But no, she just took it like it didn't matter. When she came back I asked her why didn't she apologize or say anything. And omg, she freakin start saying "sorry" in a mocking tone. I am so disgusted in her behavior, it really left me speechless. I lost my appetite and ask for my stuff to go. I also let a manager (maybe manager) person know what happened and that he should have a serious talk with her.

The lady with the attitude is a mid 30's with bang and hair in a pony tail with black frame glasses. I really hope the owner see my review and fire this woman. Not only does she think it's okay to treat customer this way, even if she needs to earn our tip to make a living. But after this, obviously she doesn't care or need her job if this is the way she behaves.
decent pickings are strangely slim in philly when it comes to chinese food but this place makes me so happy. simple, consistent, and delicious porridge and roast duck. my favorite porridge and recommendation would definitely be the pork with preserved egg porridge. if you're feeling adventurous the stomach porridge is really good, too. add a small side of half duck/pork and you're set! 

they have your orders ready for pick up within ten minutes, too! the workers are always pleasant and working hard. this restaurant is definitely one of philly chinatown's best in value and quality
Simply amazing. A very casual, super busy, well-staffed Chinese duck house dishing out some seriously delicious food. This is one of the classic Chinatown spots with roasted ducks hanging in the window and chefs in the front chopping duck with a vengeance. There's no reservations, so expect to wait at least a few minutes for a table. When we came in, only two large tables were open. We were looking for a two seater. They asked us if we were OK with being seated with other parties. We did not mind. We were seated with another party of two, and those guys were really cool. They even shared their wine with us (this spot is byob)!  For starters, we ordered the roasted duck appetizer and duck wonton soup. Both came out really fast. Both were so darn good. The duck is on par with Sang Kee for best duck in the city. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. The wontons were a great size and super delicious. 

For dinner we ordered  the beef with broccoli and pork low mein. Both were as good as they could be. While this meal was very heavy, and clearly high in sodium, it wasn't overly greasy. The low mein noodles were cooked perfectly. The flavor was so on point. The beef with broccoli sauce was perfect. Not too salty, and packed with flavor. I was so damn impressed with the food here. I cant wait to come back.
Definitely a great value and a must for dinner if you're near the Philly Chinatown! When my uncle heard that I was going to Philly, he recommended this place to me...even though he had never eaten here himself! Another relative had and he said such great things that I got this secondhand recommendation and I'm sure glad that I did! My boyfriend and I got three dishes (shown in my pic) and a bowl of rice to share.

1) Combination pan-fried noodle ($12): sooo good! Definitely get this dish. If you are unfamiliar, the outer edges of this plate of noodles is crispy and the middle is soft as it is in the sauce. There are yummy toppings all over the noodles. This one included shrimp, scallop, squid, beef, chicken, roast pork, straw mushrooms, bak choy, carrots, fishcake, and fish balls! Everything was on-point and probably the hugest variety of toppings in any pan-fried noodle I've ever had.

2) Roast pork appetizer ($8): This was the best roast pork I'd ever had! It was tender and very flavorful without having too much sauce or anything like that. I would highly recommend this dish too.

3) Roast duck appetizer ($8): Although okay-good, this dish definitely didn't meet my expectations. Each duck piece had more fat than meat and it made it really oily and a total mess to eat. Because there was so much fat, I couldn't really taste much of anything else. Even though I didn't like the duck, I feel it might've just been my piece and the other dishes definitely made up for this.

Overall GREAT! I can't believe we got such yummy and authentic Chinese food for such a good price!
Was not very impressed here. We saw that they were on Philly Mags top 50 list at one point, and the entire experience just felt very average at best. 

We had a chance to visit pre-covid, and it just felt like a churn & burn type of restaurant. Service was fast, food was average.
COVID19: Only pick-up available

A bittersweet 4 stars. There is this one lady, whom I presume is the owner, that never smiles and frowns at you. She handles money, and you need to go through her for takeouts. She snaps at me for asking general questions. Kind of hurts when you pour so much money into this place and you bring all your acquaintances to this place. Yes, their food is consistent and delicious. The rest of the staff is friendly!

If I don't know where to go, I go to Ting Wong by default. This place has been vouched by my Chinese friends. When I first came here, I didn't know what to order and they helped me out. Really can't go wrong with what you order here.

***They have two extensive menus. There's nothing wrong with the binded menu, but I order more from the paper menu***

Chiang Fun with Shrimp (you can order this only during the day)
Shrimp Wonton with Noodles (the broth was bland, but the shrimp wontons are heavenly)
Congee with Century Egg (an acquired taste)
Roast Duck with Rice (my go-to and I love how you can add additional meats to this place. But I will be getting my duck from elsewhere. Found somewhere better)
Lo Meins (generic, safe choice if you are too scared to taste the other dishes)
Beef Pepper Chow Fun (my go-to and a popular dish)
Buddha's Delight Pan-Fried Noodles (made me love vegetable dishes)
I come here a lot. I'm more of a SangKee fan but this is a close 2nd. Prices are great - great portions - speedy service - authentic Hong Kong cuisine, what more can you ask for? I always get their Wonton with Roast Pork rice noodle soup - the broth is oh so good. I highly recommend it.
Finally after 3 years of wanting to visit this restaurant I got the opportunity to do so. I asked for the 3 meat combo but instead of white rice I wanted pork fried rice, I was told the menu is not interchangeable that I had to buy separate. I then ordered pork fried rice and the 3 meats (soy chicken, bbq ribs and crispy pork). The rice was delicious but the meat was colder than a witch's tit. The bbq pork had a good flavor. The soy chicken I found a bit salty. The crispy pork, well there was nothing crispy about it and was way too salty. Now for the price, the fried rice was $8.50 for a generous portion but the meat I was told was $16.50, which total should of been $25. I paid $30 cash and got $1.50 in return. (Pickup order) Tips? (Nonexistent) Taxes? I don't know what I do know is that NEVER AGAIN!! No love for Ting Wong. Overrated and (sneakily) Overpriced.
4/5 for the two times I've come for overall quality/expediency of food/service

Setting: I came several times as a pair or a larger group of 5 - it's usually bustling and you can also buy the classic Chinese cut meats from the butcher up front

Ambience: Usually bustling, not too loud

Service: Relatively attentive, you get your food quickly

Food:
-3 combo meat platter: Chicken, Duck, BBQ Pork - thinly sliced cuts of meat, a little bit on the colder side the several times I've ordered this, but usually a Go-To staple you can't go wrong with
-Seafood pan-fried noodle: Crispy, fun play on texture with the sauce, a bountiful array of seafood to complement the meat
-Snowpeas: Can't go wrong here either

Tips/Takeaways:
-Would recommend return for take-out or a well-priced Chinese meal with the above dishes I've ordered
-Is comparable to restaurants like M Kee, so far one of the better of the Canto restaurants in Chinatown that I have tried.
Cheap(est!), delicious, fast dine-in/to-go place around. Whether you have a headache or heartache, this place will surely satisfy your soul. 

I always get two things, either for here or to-go: 

Roasted duck wonton noodle soup 
Combination congee
Pork and preserved egg congee 

The wontons and duck are super delicious, as is the soup. And the portions are generous. 

I usually get congee to go for breakfast/lunch the next day. They put enough stuff (besides rice) in their to make it super tasty and filling. It's Impossible to resist and good for any time of the day.
It's gonna take some getting use to since the whole staff has been changed after renovation.. My spoiled self now have to tell them my order verses the old staff that knew what i wanted as soon as i walk in. Made our first visit back on Saturday. Waitress told us our tab was $17. Hubby gave her $11. She fired back, and hubby told her to do the math... Two bowls of congee is NOT $17... She laughed it off. 

Not too sure what to think now..
My friend recommended Ting Wong to me for their roasted pork and duck.  I ordered a roasted pork on rice to go for myself and the bf.  When I got home to try it, I was highly disappointed.  The pork was dry and so thinly sliced.  Normally I am a Sangkee girl.  Now I know that I should not stray far from them.  Ting Wong also seems stingy on the pork and veggies.  

Both Ting Wong and Sangkee (as well as many places in Chinatown) are cash only.  Definitely walk the extra blocks to Sangkee.  The meats are more flavorful.
If you're looking for a no frills, inexpensive Chinese restaurant, this is the place for you. It has most items you would associate with a Chinese restaurant, and seems to be Cantonese-based. You can definitely get a filling meal for ~ $8, and the service is friendly and efficient. 

My favorite items are the roast duck and crispy pork. These are sold as entrees in the restaurants and also a la carts for pick up. It averages $11/lb, and is a really nice thing to have on hand for the week for a fancier meal prep. 

Additional notes: cash only for under $10
Recent renovations have made Ting Wong look shiny new, but the focus has never been on atmosphere or service. It's all about the food. The roast duck is incredible. The roast pork is possibly the best you can get in Chinatown. The roast pig - crunchy skin attached to juicy morsels of meat - is excellent. The soy sauce chicken is finger-lickin' good. Forget Sang Kee. While they and others are pricing themselves out of the water with their rice dishes, Ting Wong has kept their single meat on rice dish at a modest $5.50. I don't have to give Ting Wong five stars, because Ting Wong's reputation precedes it. Craig Laban gave it a glowing review back in 2011. Die-hard foodies who want good old-fashioned Chinese soul food go here often. So what's my motive? Why am I reviewing this place now after three years of keeping it as one of my most heavily guarded secrets? Have I found another place I like better? Maybe, but maybe not. I want this place to thrive, to continue to be busy because there are more restaurants in Philly now than ever before. It would be a shame to lose a gem like Ting Wong. From recent visits, that's likely not going to happen. If I had a last meal on earth, it would be difficult to choose between Ting Wong's three meats on rice and Zama's omakase. If I chose Ting Wong, I could feed twelve of my friends for the same price as a single omakase. Long live Ting Wong!
I used go love this place -- my go to spot for authentic cheap Chinese food. My favorites are duck, roast pork and congee. 
Though the food is the same, management and service is not. The person manning down the orders just barks orders at his staff. 

Though I speak both Cantonese and English, my takeout order still got screwed up. It was incredibly uncomfortable for me to correct the guy, since I was afraid he'd yell at me. He corrected the order, I went home for dinner. The food was delicious, but still hesitant to go back.
I haven't been back to Philly Chinatown in a while and it seems like there are a lot of new eateries popping up all over town. My local friend told me the streets are being renovated and cleaned up too so I was happy to hear that. 

The restaurant is fairly small but efficient. The roasted meats hanging from front end of the restaurant beckoned us to enter. My friend recommended this place when we needed a good and quick lunch before I headed off to the airport.

It was fairly packed on a weekday lunch. I saw business men there as well as families so it was a good mix of people.

One of the staff pointed at an empty table in the back for us to go to. We sat down and a server promptly brought us three hot teas in clear glasses (be careful, it's hot!) 

The menu was extremely reasonably priced ranging from $5-9 depending on what you order. Most of the menu was between $6-7 and the portions are huge!

I ordered the Roast Pork and Wonton Noodle Soup. It came out fairly quickly My friend found the broth a little oilier than other establishments but did think the prices were lower than competitors nearby.

The roast pork, noodles and soup were great to me. I thought the wontons were a little tougher than I'm accustomed to but they had a generous amount of filling in each one.

The restroom in the back was clean which is always a good sign to me.

Our total bill came out to $19 for three of us so I thought that was fair. 

Service was efficient. Our tea cups were never empty for long.
Very very bad service- treats customer very rude & very disrespectful, nasty, and loud!!!food are not that good. Wonton made with shrimp & pork fat....not that healthy.
Ting Wong made Philly top 50 list this year, but honestly, as a regular of Chinatown, I can confidently say this place is not any noticeably better than any of your other Chinatown restaurants.... Your standard run of the mill Chinatown food - not great, but not bad. 

But, service is quick, and food is cheap. I would recommend this place not necessarily for the food, but to those who want to play it "safe"
Ting Wong has always been my place for Congee and roast pork. The place has recently remodeled  so it looks a lot better and the quality of the food remains constant, which is delicious! I usually get #4 for Congee which is congee with shredded roast pork and thousand years old eggs. The salty savory of the roast pork along with the chewy salty of the tousand years old eggs blend well with the plain congee. It is pretty addicting! The flavor of the congee is something I will not easily forget. You should also get the fried dough to eat with the congee as well or get the rice cake covered fried dough as a side dish (it is also my favorite item here). The price of the food here is so cheap but the portion is so generous; your tummy will be very happy by the end of the meal! If you are in the area or in the mood for congee, roast pork, or homey decent chinese food, go here and you will not disappointed!
Just reopened after renovations. Looks nicer but ambience is not what this is about. Food is as great as ever as are prices. 
Chinese comfort food. Fish slices in congee was so delicious, not fishy smell, just fresh slices of meaty fish fillets in flavored rice porridge and hint of ginger and green onions. I also ordered shrimp cheun fun, steamed cannelloni but rice flour pasta so delicate that it's like a veil. Stuffed with whole shrimp and served with a aromatic soy sauce topping. Hit the spot on a rainy day
Oh lord- this place is good. I think you're safe to order anything on the menu. I would recommend going with a group for optimal sampling ability. The wonton soup and dumplings were delightful, the ginger scallion noodles were divine, the roast pork pan fried noodles made me swoon and...that duck. Don't be scared off by the very authentic vibe, service is friendly and that's how you know it's good! There are no frills, but who needs them when the food is so good?
Great Chinese food. Even better prices. Service, what you would expect from take-out Chinese. 

The wonton soup was some of the best I ever had! So yummy, get a bowl to SHARE, we accidentally ordered our own. Whoops. 

Roasted duck was amazing, juicy and flavorful. Just what I wanted. I went with some less risky eaters and we ordered sweet and sour pork. This was the best I ever had in my life. 

I was so full and it was really only about $13 per person. What the what?!? Can't get that anywhere. 

Menu was confusing, handed us two menus with totally different items. We didn't understand.  Oh well. I'd go back. 

The reason for the 4 star rating was, some of the items just tasted like really good Chinese food, not Chinese food I couldn't get any where else. Totally solid choice. Will add this to my preferred Chinese list!
Ting Wong makes a solid roast duck: crispy skin, high fat content...all the basics. My only complaint is that they gave me soy sauce instead of the traditional plum sauce with my take-out. Fortunately, I always keep a spare jar in the pantry!
First time we ate here. The food was mostly tasty. The service was great until it was time for our waiter to eat dinner with all co-workers. Then he didn't care about us at all. The owner/cashier was friendly, but did not care if we needed more water or not. However, I still gave 10% tip. The only thing I was dissatisfied with was the price of the food. I swear that I saw the price of soy noodle chicken soup was $6.50, noodle soup with roast duck & wonton was $7.00, roast duck appetizer and chicken fried rice were $7.50 each. In our bill, we paid $8.50 each. None of them was charged less than $8. Was there anyone experiencing price changes at Ting Wong? I did not confront the cashier because I thought if he denies it, it would set me in a bad mood. He might say this is an old menu and they have new price. Like the other reviewer said, I felt "some Ting was Wong".
Awesome! My wife and I wanted a nice relaxed and fun anniversary dinner and Ting Wong came up. To start Chinatown is an underrated part of Philadelphia and needs to be explored more. In no way is it New York or San Fransisco,  but still a great section of the city.
As for Ting Wong, there is nothing bad to say. The service cane with smiles and polite and our waiter even offered advice to other places to go for ice cream or shopping. The Peking duck and buns are the best I have ever had and I have had it around the world. Please note though that a full duck could easily feed a family of 4. My wife had shrimp lo mein and said it was terrific. However, if neither or these are your go to dishes they have a huge menu that has the typical Chinese food but than some things that many people wouldn't think of. Diversity is good!
One other small note of you are going on a Friday or Saturday and want to eat in I would get there before 6 because wit does start to get crowded.
Good location
Good food
Service is ok 
Only parking ( parking in the lot is $15 on weekend )
DON'T EAT HERE. I've never eaten in China Town and as my first experience being here, I don't think I'll be back. I read the reviews and should have listened. We walked up and it didn't look like the scary gross place that I read about, but as our food came out, I saw what the reviews were talking about. First of all our food was microwaved! I know it was close to closing time, but really! The food didn't look bad, but I wouldn't say it was good. My chicken came out cold in the middle and my noodles just had a funky smell to them. I drank the broth that was brought out and some of the cold chicken. Tea had no flavor....might as well have been called brown warm water. As we walked out we saw them hosing down the kitchen with pleasant brown water pouring out onto the floor. Cheap, but not worth it!
REOPENED!! http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Duck-Ting-Wong-has-reopened.html#KeLQXpldrSxFYZI1.03
The service here has gone downhill over the years. Every time I come to Chinatown, this is my go to place.

This evening, I went to order 4 roast pork noodle soup to go. The waiter informed me that they had run out and so I changed it to roast duck. I repeatedly asked for the noodle to be left uncooked so that the noodle wouldn't be soggy. At the end, my order came with the noodle cooked. The staff was rude and did not care at all that they made a mistake.  The staff made no effort to correct the issue and just shrugged their shoulder. They talked in Chinese in a condescending tone as if I couldn't understand.
For the last two rounds of Philly mag's 50 Best Restaurants, a dark horse has emerged, and the bargain diners have rejoiced in glee. This anomaly is a longtime Chinatown staple, and they answer to the name of Ting Wong.

Since my first time a couple years back, I've been a regular, especially seeking it out on those days when I'm freezing my tail off and broke. 

The noodle soups cannot be beat, especially their glorious shrimp dumpling noodle soup. The brothy bowl, piping hot each time, is teeming with a tangle of butter-yellow egg noodles, along with plump, succulent dumplings, their translucent skins wrapped snugly over the soft pink glow of juicy shrimp bundles. You bite into these and just feel some kind of way about them. You can't not.

But it doesn't stop there. Oh, no. Yes, there's a mass of bitter greens, nestled at the bottom of the bowl. But the hot fudge on top of the sundae is the the sliced pork, which many choose to eat with white rice. Seriously, though...it belongs in your soup. The sweet BBQ flavor intermingled with the salty broth, swaddled in the comfort of the egg noodles, is everything you need in life, especially on a winter day. But any day will do for a golden bowl of magic that runs you less than $8. 

Yes, magic. This place is a Chinatown institution of the highest order. Go now, and tell your friends.

PS: folks wax poetic about the duck. I can pretty much guarantee that adding duck to your soup will evoke similar feelings of swoon.
Came in Sunday 7/2 ordered take out since place was full


I was trying to decide between the #35 and the #45 and when I asked the girl she wasn't all that helpful when I asked what's good.  Lol.  But that was understandable since they have a lot of different items.  Shld of got both but went with the number #45 BBQ spare rib noodles 

I liked that they had the soup was placed in separate container from the noodles n ribs so the noodles wouldn't get overly mushy in transit which was good call since it was to go, humid outside and I had to transport this on patco.  

Hard to judge with take out.  The noodles were regular and the. Broth was good.  The BBQ spare ribs were good tho wish they could of deboned the meat.  Afterwards I wished I ordered the #35 which was the noodle soup with roast pork and soy chicken.  Assuming it's boneless it sounds better for next time and maybe I try to eat in. 

Main departure from my first visit is that I fucked up and should of got the duck n more lol
Today I came in and I bought one whole roast duck when I look over the girl say something in Chinese to the guy then he pick me a skinny looking duck and once I saw that I hurry to get his attention to change me another duck but he didn't care to hear me so then a couple seconds later a guy which he is Chinese walked in and order one whole roast duck as well and he got the big fat looking duck which is so sad..... just because I'm not there ethnicity they do that to me. Also they were very rude to me.... I been going here for years and I was a loyal customer until they decided to treat me bad and give me nasty attitude. This is my last time I'm bringing  my money here! Don't waste your money guys to people like them! They are rude and have nasty attitude! If I can give them 0 star I would because after today I'm so disappointed with them! And remind you I'm Asian too but just not Chinese..... it's sad how they treat people like this while we in a pandemic.... Also there price is crazy!!! If they like you they give you the right price and if they don't like you, you get the makeup price!!
