As it turns out, the Basque region of Spain offers my least favorite cuisine. I only found this out last night after a less than inspired meal. It's not to say the food was awful, it's just that I wasn't particularly moved by it. 

Having grown up on a tapas diet (my dad was a Spanish chef), most of my favorite dishes hail from the Mediterranean (camarones al ajillo, patatas bravas, tortilla española, paella - none of which are on Tinto's menu), so it's what I grew to like. His cooking was like haphazard science: without even trying, he knew the perfect balance between salt and garlic and his ailoli (garlic mayo) was absolutely ambrosial. So, what I look for in tapas is food that looks like an angry, albeit talented, chef threw it on a plate only to be rushed out of the kitchen, not something with different colored sauces stylistically arranged to give the dish an air of elegance. I'm not looking for haute-tapas. I feel the same way about Mexican food. Give me something GOOD, not something PRETTY. Pursuing this rant a bit further, I think Center City is the perfect spot for a Tinto and Amada, so it's not to say I don't support the idea. It's just that I wish Garces or someone with a hankering for the Spanish cuisine would open a homey place with authentic, less expensive tapas. I'm talking about food you'd find in a small Mediterranean village in Spain, not a $$$ meal meant for the upper crust. 

There were few things I ate that had me craving seconds though. The short rib sandwich was downright delectable: juicy, tender, flavorsome. I'd highly recommend this. Likewise, the artichokes were a standout vegetable along with the wild mushrooms: finally a dish with enough garlic to kill a vampire. The rest of our meal consisted of sea bass,
organic chicken, green beans, and Kobe beef.

If you're a big fan of Basque cuisine, this place is worth a visit. If you're torn between Tinto and Amada, head to Amada for similarly priced Spanish Mediterranean cuisine. Just my preference though.
The last time I wrote something about Tinto was almost seven years ago. I didn't think it was a five star restaurant. Silly youngin'!  

A few weeks ago, my husband and I returned for dinner. The decision to head to Tinto was made in the late afternoon but reservations were still available so we made one to secure our spot. We were seated right away in a comfortable, cozy booth towards the back of the restaurant. 

We shared several plates including the arugula salad, pulpo, prawns, brussels sprouts, mushrooms and paella. The pacing of the courses was absolutely perfect - we were able to enjoy each dish without becoming overly stuffed. In fact, we had about half of our food boxed up and enjoyed the same meal at home the following night! Our server was knowledgeable about both the food and wine list - he made some great recommendations and we really enjoyed the many wines we tried throughout the meal. 

This dinner was a bit of a splurge for a random weeknight, but considering we had dinner for the next night too, it wasn't really so bad. I loved our meal and am looking forward to a return visit sooner than later!
This is a quickie review for anyone considering Tinto for Restaurant Week. I just returned from my dinner and both my friend and I were thrilled with the food, service and price of our meal. 

The Restaurant Week menu is fairly expansive and very generous - we shared eight plates plus a dessert course which was just the right size, as we were stuffed by that point. Also, I'm not drinking this month, and our server said the bartender would be able to whip something up for me. I had an alcohol-free sangria which was light and fun. Having a mocktail option really helps me get past the no-wine-for-me sads at the beginning of the meal. 

Another thing that I should mention is that the pacing was perfect. We were not rushed at all and spent a leisurely two hours at dinner. If you're considering Tinto for Restaurant Week, or anytime really, just make your reservation already!
I've been wearing the ol' elastic waist pants since yesterday morning, which, coincidentally, is the day after I dined at Tinto for the first time. And let me just lay it down for you: not only was it worth the wait (I've been dying to go for ages) but it's worth the extra pounds I'm probably toting around as a result of my food orgy.

Service in this dimly lit dining room was excellent (if you get Nicole as a server, consider yourself lucky). I particularly drooled over the Moules Basquaise (mussels and chorizo in a red sauce with a side of frites and lemon aioli), Pato Montadito (duck confit, black cherry and bleu de basque spread) and the Hongos A La Plantxa (wild mushrooms). In fact, my mouth is watering just reliving the whole experience.

The wine selection is lovely, too (and aesthetically presented in a wooden book). I say go for a Cava to start and then move onto a Tempranillo...you won't be sorry, I promise.

Tinto also has a private dining room upstairs for small parties, so if you're looking for a space for an engagement party or intimate company gathering, make sure to ask about it.

Amada will always hold a special place in my heart, but I now have a crush on Tinto. Hmmm...this could get interesting!
Despite a frustrating experience at Tinto back in May, I knew I wanted to return for another round to see if I had judged too harshly.  Turns out, the dining experience is a lot better when the service is exceptional and you are in the company of someone who understands the tapas concept.  

We were seated at one of the two tops against the left wall.  The tables are positioned so close together that it was difficult getting into the banquette side without giving a partial lap dance to my neighbor while trying to swing my booty behind the table and onto the bench.  I've got a little cushion for the pushin' but it's not like I'm packing.  I can't imagine the awkward moments that must take place when more full figured people are seated there.  Would it kill them to take out one two top and create a few more inches of space to make the guests more comfortable?  (The answer is no.)

Besides that one issue, I enjoyed everything else about our dining adventure.  We started with the Serrano wrapped figs, which were great, and the sopa de castano.  The soup was presented beautifully.  A duck and mushroom stack topped with a fried quail egg sat in a bowl, while the thick and velvety broth was poured around the stack, leaving only the egg visible.  I had reservations about the soup because I'm not much of a truffle fan, but gave it a try and was immediately won over.  

Next up was the revuelto de cangrejo, which was like a fancy breakfast dish containing scrambled eggs, peas, lump crab, bacon and herbed toast points.  This offering might be better suited for a brunch menu, but I was digging it nonetheless.  

After reading Monica's review, I wanted to try the shortrib sandwich.  This would have been difficult to cut in half, so we decided to go with an open-face method.  My guy graciously took the top half of the bread, which contained a dollop of mayo-heavy sauce, while I took the bottom, which was soaked through with juices.  The beef was tender and went perfectly with the slivers of asparagus and other accompaniments.  My love for the shortribs was matched only by the moules basquaise, which were every bit as wonderful as I remembered.

The duck canapés were another very good dish.  Duck confit wrapped in Serrano ham may sound a bit overboard, but the flavors melded together and really worked.  

My least favorite dish of the night was the pulpo, which I wanted to try after reading rave reviews.  I just wasn't into it.  The presentation was a little dramatic for my liking, with a long smear of... something, and a pile of pulpo at the end of the plate.  The textures of the potato and octopus together didn't really work for me.

I'm bumping to four stars because the meal was very good overall and the service was great.  I don't think Tinto will ever become a five star spot for me, but it was a nice step up from my last experience and I would definitely be willing to return again.
When I saw Tinto on the list of participating restaurants in the Dining Out for Life event, I was thrilled and made a reservation.  My friend and I had talked about going for months, and this seemed like the perfect opportunity.  The reservation was made two weeks in advance on Open Table, when there were still plenty of time slots available.  When we arrived at the restaurant, we were seated at the four top closest to the front door.  Looking around the small room, I figured it was better to be by the door and in a comfortable booth than seated at the banquette along the other wall, with very little space between tables.  It wasn't until I got up to use the ladies' that I saw the many tables in the next room with the bar, plus all the cozy seating downstairs.  I had table envy.

One person in our party was running a bit late, so we started with a round of drinks.  The red sangria was pretty awesome.  When our group was eventually complete, the dining room was in full swing and our server was definitely not as available.  A drink was spilled on our table and another server came to help clean up.  Eventually, our guy came back to take our order.  We had some picky eaters at our table (not recommended when dining with a group at a tapas restaurant, BTW), so between the four of us, we ordered a few lighter items to share and then each person picked one or two more substantial plates for themselves.  In the meantime, another round of drinks was ordered, and the unusually long wait had some wondering if grapes were being stomped out back.    

A complimentary plate of cheese crisps started the meal.  Everyone enjoyed these with the accompanying dipping sauce.  Soon after, we received a double order of Serrano wrapped figs.  They were good, but we all agreed that the coarse sea salt sprinkled on top was unnecessary.  Several minutes later, we received a dish of olives.  They were small and very garlicky, and at this point in the meal, I was ready for something more substantial.  As plates were dropped one by one, nothing that I ordered was appearing.  Now, I've eaten in tapas restaurants many times (including Garces' own Amada and Distrito), but the timing between each dish was so long that when our server asked how we were doing, my sangria got the best of me and I could only think to reply, "Hungry."  Eek.  Not very ladylike!

Eventually, we received the rest of our plates, each one spread out over more time than was necessary.  My friend's tuna tartare sandwich looked amazing, as did a crab dish that another member of our group enjoyed.  Despite reading mixed reviews on the organic chicken, I ordered it anyway and found it to be just okay, nothing extraordinary.  The highlight for me was most definitely the mussels, which came shelled and served in a tiny pot with the most delicious tasting sauce and a side of perfectly seasoned frites with a lemon aioli at the bottom of the cup.  This dish single-handedly salvaged my opinion of Tinto, which was not a high one before this point in the meal.

Someone in our group remarked that there is always one table that gets the short end of the stick on a busy night, and it was unanimously decided that we were that table.  When our server asked about dessert and coffee, it was a no-brainer that we cut our losses and move on.  I do plan to return, maybe with just one other person next time, to give Tinto another shot.  Despite our not so great experience, it was still wonderful to see so many people out to support an important cause.
I just love Tapas. 
We went here last night for dinner with some friends. We all came hungry, which was good- cause damn is this a lot of food! We ordered the chefs selection at $55 per person. The food kept coming, and although we spent a shitload of money for 4 people to eat, it was well worth it. Some of the best food I have had in awhile. The wine and desert were both also good.

Also love the decor. Dark, rich and sensual-- is a very good match for the food.
Tinto prides itself on its take on the flavors and tastes of the Basque country (the small region located between Spain and France along the Atlantic coast) and does it well.  Behind the unassuming brick exterior walls, you'll find a beautifully designed and intimate setting complete with dim lighting, geometric wooden grids, reclaimed lumber and comfortable seating.  All great elements for a cozy dining experience.

The meal itself was just as fantastic as the appearance.  Well seasoned, flavorful pintxos (aka tapas) are definitely the [only] way to go.  The ever popular shortrib lives up to its famed reputation as does the juicy, juicy chicken and delicious Basque onion soup.  But my favorite was by far the duck confit montadito.  My gawd, pass me a wipe, please.  However, I felt the other dishes weren't quite as successful as the aforementioned ones, particularly the pulpo (a little boring) and arugula (something was missing).  Drinks were decent but nothing really to brag about.  My Iraty was a bit too heavy on the bourbon (shocking to say, I know). 

Regardless, Tinto has a good thing going on here: nice ambiance, efficient service and solid food.  The individual dishes can be a hit or slight miss, but isn't any pintxos/tapas restaurant for that matter?  Prices run rather steep but nothing near absurd.  Overall, Tinto is a great place to dine.
I started Center City Restaurant week 2017 off right. I chose this place because it had the most reviews out of all the restaurants included on restaurant week and was still almost 5 stars, that says a lot right? I had to admit I was a little intimidated looking at the menu. It did not look appetizing, and I'm always worried to go somewhere new and not like the food. I'm glad I stepped out of my comfort zone. We began with the arugula salad (the fried goat cheese on this dish was to die for), the chorizo (so yummy), figs wrapped in ham, and le cousin cheese. All these dishes had perfect sauces or spreads to go with them and just enough to wet your appetite for the main course. Just a little FYI, slice the cheese, role in the honey and then in the pepper.  For our main courses we split the duck (crush the cherry on top 1st), the pork belly, patatas, paella de bellota (amazing). 2 dessert options were offered so we each got one to share. They were also delish, but that was to be expected after all else was exceptional. A $15 wine pairing was an option for dinner. A white wine was served with the first course and red for the second. Small plates perfect for sharing and you'll leave not feeling stuffed. Great place for restaurant week because I couldn't see paying regular prices for such small plates, but def worth trying.
You know when you go to a restaurant and you order a bunch of things that come out at different times, and the first item is mouth-wateringly AMAZING?  And then the second item comes out and it is even more spectacular, and you are practically drooling all over the table?  And then the third item comes out and you are reaching ORGASMIC levels of culinary pleasure?  

This is that place.  

1.  Come here on an evening dinner date with that special someone, or on a fancy business lunch.
2.  Wear something nice.  This place has dim mood lighting and a wine cellar feeling.  Don't ruin the mood with jeans and sneaks.
3.  Order ANYTHING.  Trust me, it will be incredible. 
4.  If you aren't sure what you want, ask the waitstaff.  They know their stuff.
5.  Loosen your belt.  Unbutton the top button(s) if you need to.
6.  Eat slowly.  You don't need to be a connoisseur of fine dining to appreciate the depth of the flavors, the perfection of each dish's presentation, the fact that the food placed in front of you was taken out of the oven seconds beforehand and is still steaming...
7.  Sit back and reminisce about how great that meal was.




8.  Cry when the bill comes.
Ohh Tinto... how I love you. Your atmosphere, your food, your alcohol. Ugh I'm in love!

I have been to Tinto twice now. Safe to say I'm obsessed. Let me start with the sangria (white) to be specific. Delicious, fruity, and sweet but doesn't leave you feeling disgusting. Both dinners I sucked down two glasses faster than I could realize. That means it was good. 

Now the food. I haven't had a dish I didn't love! Both times I went with one other person and the staff recommends 5-7 tapas for two people. We followed this recommendation and it was just enough. The manchego cheese and chorizo.... perfect. The olives.. salty and delicious. My two favorite dishes were the scallops and the octopus. Both so fresh and cooked to perfection. Seasoned perfectly and both melt in your mouth. The paella was a little heavy on the sauce but that doesn't mean that I didn't enjoy it. For sides, the potatoes are crispy and the brussel sprouts are out of this world. 

I have a feeling that no matter what you order here, you will enjoy it. I know I did. My next step with Tinto... brunch. I have no doubt it will be wonderful.
Tapas on tap! 

What a great experience at Tinto! I came here for a group dinner on a weeknight and it's just what we needed to break up the week haha. It's located west of Rittenhouse park but I didn't risk looking for parking anywhere close. From where I found parking, I ended up walking about 15 minutes between parking and the restaurant. I think if I had more time on my hands I would've tried my luck closer to the restaurant, but overall parking in the area is sparse. 

Our group of 10 was seated in their private space up stairs. The room was well lit and the table seatings was perfect to allow for good flow for conversation.

The menu is mostly small plates, and Tinto being a Garces restaurant, it was all Spanish inspired.

I started off the evening with a great arugula salad that was dressed with just the right amount of dressing. The salad also included bits of cheese puffs - savory and warm without feeling too heavy. 

Next was this roasted sweet potato dish that was covered in a spicy blend and served with a chipotle cream sauce - I liked this dish a bunch, got my senses tingling! 

I ordered a vegetarian paella as my main dish and it was really well developed! There was equal amounts of savory and comfort and I ended up cleaning up the whole plate! 

I passed on dessert since all the small plates had me satiated but if I had a larger appetite, I would've definitely entertained the idea.

Overall the service was great and the waiter we had was well versed in all the Spanish wines. I was drinking the red but switched to white later in the evening and each selection was very enjoyable. I found that they were able to accommodate for my vegetarian needs and I still felt all the dishes I was served were great! 

Looking forward to another excuse to come back here and maybe hit up the dessert menu first hehe!
Regular readers know that the GF and I are big fans of Iron Chef Jose Garces' restaurants. And one of our favorites is Tinto - his ode to Spanish tapas. It's a beautifully intimate space, especially by the open kitchen in the back. 

So for the GF's bday earlier this year, I didn't hesitate to take her back to one of her favorite spots. 

White Sangria [$9]
White wine, brandy, peach, lemon
 
The GF always get the white sangria. Not overtly saccharine with a nice brandy backbone, there's a great balance between the citrus and sweet. 

Negroni de Jerez [$12]
Amontadillo sherry, house made rose, vermouth, aperol

I enjoyed the negroni, which was amped up with the addition of sherry and rose. I enjoyed the smoothness of this easily quaffable drink. 

Bread Service

As always, dinner at Tinto starts off with a small amuse. Apparently moving on from the Mahon crisps we had the last time around, we enjoyed these mini breads, which were paired with a smoky pepper dip with a bit of kick. 

Cheese Mixto [$16]
Boucheron, Idiazabal, La Peral

The cheese plate featured boucheron, which was soft, yet semi-firm in texture with a mild tang that's prototypical of goat's milk cheese. Idiazabal was lightly smoky and is typically made from unpasteurized sheep's milk. La Peral blue was also on offer and was tempered in its funk. It had a nicely soft creaminess, with accents of sweet. Quince paste with espelette pepper, Granny Smith apple slices, and acacia honey was paired with the trio of cheeses, along with some baguette slices. 

Foie Gras Torchon [$21]
Chilled foie gras, cherry, pistachio, toast 

I couldn't help but order the torchon. While I could have used a warmed butter knife to effectively slice through the foie, I enjoyed the surprisingly light essence of the liver. An elegant cherry gelee served as the counterbalance, along with some lightly macerated and sliced cherries. Pistachio crumble and toast points provided texture for each rich bite. 

Figs [$5]
Serrano wrapped figs
 
Figs were simple, but showcased the quality of the ingredients. The glistening flavors of the serrano ham came on the forefront, though admittedly, the dish ran a bit sweet for my taste as the figs and accompanying sauce could not be denied, 

Dungeness Crab Croquettes [$12] 
Avocado, sauce donostia, mojama 

I wasn't sure whether the mojama was integrated into the nicely textured crab croquettes, but there was a great hit of salinity that may have been emblematic of the cured tuna. This was nicely balanced by the sweetness of the crab. A duo of sauces were provided as well. 

Tuna Tartare [$11]
Bluefin tuna, pickled guidilla, chorizo aioli

The tuna tartare came atop a soft, buttery pastry not entirely unlike a croissant. There was plenty of unctuous bluefin, which was lightly dressed. A bit of fried chorizo and pickled guidilla pepper provided additional accents of flavor. 

Pork Belly Montadito [$9]
Berkshire pork belly, honey lacquer, shaved apples 

Obviously, I always get the pork belly bites. Wonderfully crisp on the outside and gorgeously unctuous within, the hefty slabs of belly seemed lacquered in a bit of honey to provide some balance along with the crisp shaved apples. Easily a favorite of mine. 

Prawns [$12]
Shrimp, chorizo, grape tomato, espelette chile 

Another must order in my mind are the prawns. The GF's a bit wary of head-on shrimp, but luckily for her, I'm a head-man myself and have no problem saving the rest for her. The bit of crisp chorizo provided smoky heft, while the grape tomato and lemon aioli provided a nice countervailing balance to each bite. 

Diver Scallops [$18]
Uni emulsion, parsip 

Our first experience at Tinto was where the GF realized she actually did like scallops. And while these were cooked to perfection, the accompanying vanilla-parsnip puree ate a little too sweet and was a little out there for us. The vanilla seemed to perfume each bite so that the innate sweetness of the bivalve was lost at times. Any of the uni emulsion remained undetected. 

Brussels Sprouts [$12]
Crispy guanciale, black truffle, pine nut escabeche, Meyer lemon, Idiazabal 

On the other hand, the brussels were on point and plentiful. The Idiazabal cheese made a reappearance and coated the savory brussels, which had nice bite. The bits of guanciale added a salty hit, with the Meyer lemon providing that acidic twang to wake up the palate. The black truffle essence kept the base savory though, with the hits of strong mustard really making the dish on the finish. 

Overall, there were some misses for us in this recent Tinto experience, but you can't deny the kitchen's creativity. While the mainstay dishes like the pork belly montaditos and the prawns will keep Tinto a favorite of ou
Jose Garces you've done it again.  Pretty much.  Amada is a tough one to touch so no shame in my liking Tinto only a little less.  ;)

I tried Tinto with a couple friends & we tried a wide variety of the tapas on the menu.  Everything was interesting & full of flavor & texture.  The portions were almost perfect for a group of three.  There were a couple dishes we had to order a little extra on so we could each get a portion.  The cured meats were outstanding.  I never knew I could enjoy ham so much!  The cheeses were wonderful also.
Other dishes included Basque style offerings with everything from lobster to rabbit, asparagus to kobe.
Drinks were also exceptional - amazing red & white sangria as well as very tasty margaritas.

I did not enjoy the atmosphere quite as much as Amada's.  Tinto seemed a little colder.  The high tables & seats were somewhat on the uncomfortable side & left me nowhere good to place my handbag.  The tables do have small hooks under them which to hang your bag from, but mine had a thicker strap & it kept falling down which became frustrating very quickly.

The service was exceptional.  It was abut 8pm on a Tuesday night, but the place was packed.  Still, service was steady & our waiter was extremely knowledgeable regarding the menu & just very friendly & pleasant in general.
I went here last night for restaurant week with my boyfriend and another couple we are friends with. Everything was incredible and the service was great. Our server really knew his stuff and answered all our questions.

The food was very, very rich and of good quality. People have complained about the size of the dishes, but I found them completely satisfying. We each got five dishes, including a dessert, and were totally stuffed.

My favorite plates were: 
Montadito de Pato - possibly the best duck I have ever had. I wish I could eat this everyday.

Moules Basquaise - This dish is awesome because 1) you don't have to deal with the shells and 2) it has a nice level of spice to it.

Merluza en Salsa Verde - The sea bass was so tender and light. The salsa verde was not too overpowering and added a nice zip to it.

Le Moulis Cheese - I liked the Idiazabal, too, but the rind on this cheese made it really stand out. I liked the honey that came with it a lot.

Pulpo - I don't like eating things with tentacles in general, but this octopus was AMAZING. Tender, flavorful, not at all fishy. Very good with the lemon powder.

Jamon Serrano - Do I really have to explain why Serrano is awesome?

Brocheta de Pollo - I love it when I try chicken at a restaurant and it actually tastes like something I can't make at home. Loved the grapes and truffle jus.

The desserts were good, the flourless chocolate cake was really rich, like the filling of a truffle. I really want to know where I can get some of those black cherries used with the duck and the Gateaux Basque.

The plating was lovely and modern. Personally, I'm not a big fan of modern plating in general, I find it a little sterile. But it lends itself well to dishes like the cheeses, which came with honey, apple, smears and powders. 

This is a good place to try with close friends or family because you are encouraged to share your food.

Over all, I really enjoyed my experience. But I have to say I still prefer Amada, it feels a bit cozier and more rustic. Tinto is darker, sexier and a bit more sophisticated than its sister restaurant.
As a tapas lover, I must say that I've had much better. 
Tinto has
+ great location, fun atmosphere
+ lots of hype

- food, the plate is Huge , the portion tiny . Where did this guy learn to make tapas ? If you go to Spain, esp. the basque tapas are delicious, creative, and a better experience.
- price . when the price is this high, I expect better quality food, and more of it.

All in all, unfortionately, I would not go here again.
My sugar momma brought me here for a girl date night with a $100 gift certificate she had kicking around. We were both thoroughly pleased and satisfied with our meal, with only a few small gripes here and there.

We opted for a la carte rather than the tasting menus, and I think that's the right choice for this place. Unless the high-end menu includes the jamon iberico, MP that night was $35 for 1.5 oz, then I really don't think either tasting is worthwhile. We ordered 5 plates to share and that was more than enough, with a little room to spare for a shared dessert at the end. The server provides a good guide for selecting dishes - the ones on the top half of the menu are smaller, while the bottom half are larger. We opted for 1 pinxto (pronounced peen-choh), 1 vegetable, 1 seafood, 1 soup, and the paella. 

You MUST order the sopa de castana if you like truffles. It is a very rich, creamy, satisfying chestnut soup with a lovely duck and mushroom hash and a pronounced truffle essence. One of the best things I've eaten in a long time. I just found a recipe and will be trying my hand at it over the holidays. 

Next came the dungeness crab croquettes, which are nothing like a true Spanish croqueta but were delicious nonetheless. I loved the tomato jam and avocado puree under each crispy little sphere, and they were packed with crab meat. This item is from the bottom half of the menu but is on the smaller side, which I expected. Definitely worth trying but not an item to chose if you're trying to add a lot of substance to your order.

After the dungeness came the brussels sprouts, which I enjoyed because I pretty much always enjoy brussels sprouts, but it wasn't super special. The citrusy gremolata on top was a nice contrast to the richness of the cheese, and the sprouts were perfectly caramelized. I wished that it had come with some more substantial rendered chunks of guanciale rather than just the thin, crispy shaved pieces, but they did add a nice crunch and porky flavour.

Next came the lamb loin pinxto and holy sh*tsnacks, Batman, that was the most delectable lamb loin I've ever eaten. It was served on skewers, standing up in a shot glass filled with parsnip puree and sherry jus. They were nice a crisp on the outside, tender and juicy inside, and the shot glass mixture was perfection. That sherry jus would make an old shoe taste good. Very rich, and a bit salty, but really really good.

Our final course was the paella, and this is where they sorta lost me. I really should just stop ordering this at restaurants because I make phenomenal paella at home, and it's so much better when it's fresh. It was good, don't get me wrong, perhaps the best restaurant paella I've had in Philadelphia, but it was lacking on a few key points. While the cast iron dish does a good job of developing some of the soccarat that is the best part of any paella, the rice was a bit too mushy and it was obvious it had been made many hours earlier, which makes sense but takes away a bit from the flavour. It also only included two of the tiniest pieces of rabbit I've ever seen, albeit tasty, well-seasoned, and not dry and one big shrimp, served head-on which was nice but still a bit stingy. This is an $18 dish and contains primarily rice, which is fairly cheap, a miniscule portion of rabbit, and a single shrimp. It's good that it serves as a filler to round out your meal in a way that isn't super rich like the other dishes, but it was a bit of a let down.

We saved a little room for dessert, which was a fine choice. We asked the server to pick for us from a narrowed-down selection and he suggested the chocolate tart. This was probably the best course of the meal, for me. It was a rich, thick dark chocolate ganache in a chocolate crumb crust, with a streusel crumble, smoked marcona almonds, and nutella ice cream. The ice cream was pure perfection, so smooth and creamy, and the salty crunch from the smoked almond crumble was the perfect contrast. It hit every note- sweet, salty, smooth, crunchy, cold, creamy. Next time I come here I may order just the soup and this dessert.

Our subtotal for 5 dishes, a pitcher of sangria (get the red!), and a dessert was only $118. That's about $55/person but included drinks, so I feel like we definitely got a better value than with the tasting menus. I could not possibly have eaten more food. Service was excellent- we never had to pour our own refills, water was kept full, and the pacing was perfection. The entire meal was a little over 2 hours, which was just right for the number of courses and gave us a chance for a really nice catch-up session.
This is my second exposure to Chef Garces - the first being Village Whiskey where I have gone several times.  I almost went there again the other night but decided to give Tinto a try for several reasons:
- I was afraid if I went to VW, I would stay and drink several Manhattans and risk missing my flight the next morning (yes, did that once)
- was in the mood for a sample of several smaller dishes
- and read several great reviews of Tinto on Yelp
- the cute front desk woman at the Le Meridien highly recommended it

I am glad I went.

It was late, kitchen is closing in 5 minutes late.  Yet they were very accommodating and friendly.  I never felt rushed and the food came out in a reasonable pace.  I tried the Duck Canapes and the Merluza En Salsa Verde (See bass and cockles) with  glass of red wine.  Both were very tasty, well prepared, and nicely presented.  I later decided to finish with a cheese order and even though the kitchen was closed by then they gladly served me.  The Serpa was as described - "A soft spanish style cheese, not creamy soft but not hard like a Manchego, with the forward flavors that you would expect with a sheep milk based cheese."  spot on - though Serpa is actually from Portugal.  And it went very well with the remainder of my red wine.

Overall, I enjoyed Tinto and would go back.  Service was friendly and the food was great.  The interior decor is interesting but not dominating.  They have tables arranged in a way that allow for both romantic or quiet conversations as well as larger, and louder, groups.

A new "one of my favorites" in Philly.  Though at $40 to $60 pp, not an everyday type of place.
Still really good after 10 years (or so). Jose Garces ' 2nd restaurant in town specializes in Basque - style tapas that take a unique twist on more traditional Spanish fare with a minor French influence.  The food is exquisite - we ordered duck confit with black cherry,  pork belly in honey lacquer,  diver scallops with quince, tuna tartare with chorizo aioli, green beans with almonds,  dates and oranges and brussel sprouts with black truffle and pine nut escabeche - there wasn't a dud amongst them.  Great flavor and texture combinations!  Good beverage program,  very good service. My only two minor issues - first,  The decor is dark and leaves you with little to look at but a wall of wine bottles - and two,  the portions are just small enough that if you're not careful,  you can rack up a pretty healthy bill! All in all,  absolutely worth a visit if you haven't been before.
I should've made a reservation, as first available table would have
been after 9pm. I was told to roam near the bar to try to get a seat at the bar (serves full menu there) when people at the bar would leave for their dinner reservation.

As I waited for 5-10 minutes checking out the menu- this restaurant
served tapas style food from the Basque region. I was after a couple
who abandoned hope of getting seated at the bar so they left. Shortly after they
left, the hostess came and told me that there was a cancellation and
seated me at a two-top.

I started my meal with a refreshing Sangria made with white wine and
peach juice, with little bits of green apple and citrus
Chunks.

Then a complimentary thin cheese crisps arrived that was flaky and
tasty with a tomato sauce that was simple and perfect as dipping sauce
for the crisps.

first ordered food to arrive was "De Ternera Kobe," one of the
server's recommendations from the "Montaditos" section, bruschetta
with Kobe beef, pisto bilbaina and romesco sauce. Beef was tender and
gorgeous, complimented by whatever the hell "pisto bilbaina" is- oh
the server just came to tell me that it was soft scrambled eggs... Mmmm
yummy...

Two things I'm so glad I did:

1. Waited patiently to be seated and got a table
2. If I didn't wait, my "Plan B" would have been going to the diner I
passed on the way to Tinto and ate some scrapple. I could do that
tomorrow, but then maybe I won't.

What have gotten into me, I'm not all the way clear, but one of the
other two dishes I ordered was "Judias Verdes," haricot vert, almonds,
dates, orange segments tossed with sherry vinaigrette and a dash of
paprika that made the plate dramatic. The aroma was spectacular, a
combination of paprika and the vinaigrette was simply amazing. All the
ingredients just went together to create an explosion of sour, tart,
sweet, crunchy, nutty, bitter all at the same time in your mouth.

It was so good I did not leave the sauce on my plate, so just as I was
going to ask for more cheese crisps, my last dish arrived - "Revuelto
de Langosta." Yep, you guessed it, a lobster dish with asparagus and
"shirred eggs, oyster cava cream" And yes, another dish wirh scrambled
eggs! Since this dish came with some lightly toasted baguette slices,
I used them to finish up my haricot vert sauce.

Rather than doing the lobster-asparagus (solid pieces) on toast, I got
the cheese crisps to liberally scoop up the egg item and enjoyed the
contrast in flakiness of the crisps and the creaminess of the eggs.
The oyster-cream combo is what you scoop into your mouth for adding
saltiness, reminding you that the dish is powered by the lobster and
oyster,
and not the egg.

As I see other plates go by, the only regret so far is that my lonely
self can only enjoy three (well 4 if you count the cheese crisps)
plates and not more. I would've liked to sample "de Panceta,"
Berkshire pork belly, honey laquer and shave apples, or "De Res, "
Braised short ribs, BACON, asparagus with celery root aioli, even
"Moules Basquaise," Mussels and chorizo standard fare,but with "sauce
basquaise," lemon aioli and of course frites.

I'm finishing my meal with a "traditional Basque cake" but there were
other interesting items such as "Mato y Miel," Goat's milk mousse,
pomegranite gelee, almond lace cookie, or "Bunuelos de Castano" ok- I
don't know how to add the tildas on the two "n"- chestnut
profiteroles, sweet chestnut puree and canola gelato. Maybe next time
I gather people to come here. Must make a reservation though.

Oh, so my Basque cake was not really a cake- three little pastry tart
filled with pastry cream and macerated black cherries. Yum!

The server Erin was extremely knowledgeable, and answered all of my
questions about ingredients, etc.
My last trip to Tinto turned me into a Garces Group groupie. I absolutely love this place! Tapas and wine is the perfect combination for an excellent meal. Not only do they experiment with different flavors and ingredients for their tapas they put a lot of effort in presentation. Everything just looks heavenly. I came here last night for restaurant week and I thought they had an excellent deal. For $35 you get to pick 4 types of tapas (two smaller and two bigger dishes) and for an additional $15 you get the wine tasting which is two classes of wine per person. Not a bad deal Tinto! The tapas were absolutely delicious, and if I HAD to pick my top three out of the eight I tried they would be 1.figs wrapped in ham 2.pork belly (cooked to perfection) 3. Organic chicken which came with Brussels sprouts, chorizo, and potatoes. The staff was really friendly and helpful whenever we asked for wine or food suggestions.
Tinto is that Fun, Useful, & Cool place that you are looking for in the city for something different.  Fun because it has a large bar area and puportedly is one of the better happy hour spots to tank up.  Wednesday night was packed, and woe to him/her who didin't have a reservation.

Useful because sometimes you just have to have good tapas, and Tinto delivers.  I honestly lost track of how many plates I ordered, and there is a good chance I repeated the menu.  Everything was very good, and I would definitely be back.  When you've ordered everything, and then start to re-order, this is known in culinary circles as "lapping."

Which leads me to Cool.  Cool how?  Well, you might run into me down there happily scarfing down pretty much everything they have.  That might not actually be Cool, in fact, it might be disturbing.  Do understand that I will be in a very Fun, Useful, & Cool state of mind.  Come say hi...just don't touch my tapas.
So my husband really wanted to try this place since we stopped by for a quick drink before dinner a few weeks ago. The next time we were in Philly (in October) I made sure that we had reservations. 

I was not impressed with the hostess. After checking in, we were told that the table had been given their checks and that it would be a few minutes to get our table ready. 30 minutes later, we still were not seated. I went up to her to check, & she says loudly "we appreciate your patience". Seriously? You're in the service industry, it won't kill you to go to your guests and apologize instead of walking right by- minus 1 star for snooty hostess. 

Anyho- first & foremost this place in expensive. You start ordering all of these small dishes and pretty soon you are over $100 & not a lot of food. 

Crab montaditos (2 pieces crostini bread with cold crab salad)- good, but not $9 worth. 
Pulpo (octopus) was AMAZING- this is coming from a non octopus eating girl 
Onion soup- ehhh, its a weak broth- skip it
Seafood soup (it was a special that night)- that was very good, but there was not enough soup/liquid 
Prongs Brochette - 2 for $12, that $6 per jumbo shrimp- Good but Yikes $$! 
Baby Artichoke  - ehhh, skip it
Organic chicken- ok this is ridiculously quail small. Seriously??? I buy organic chicken & this is the smallest, tiniest, chicken I have ever seen AND for $18???

Again, like many restaurants, you sit close to others- almost too close- challenging to get out of the table to use the restroom. And for goodness sake please don't have an intimate conversation- the people next to you can hear EVERYTHING!

Glad we went for the most part but @ over $150 (without tip), that's a little on the pricey side for what you get.
My husband and I really wanted to try Amada, but unfortunately our flight was delayed to the point that when we arrived they were no longer serving food.  (To the credit of the bartender at Amada, he did let us sneak in a cheese plate which was nice of him).  The Basque region of Spain produces some of my favorite food and wine and as fate would have it, an old friend had just moved to the city and wanted to meet us for lunch....Tinto happened to be nearby his office.   I happily accepted it as a substitute for Amada.

Walking in, I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere.  Its dark and it is cozy and would make a great spot for a date.  I do wish that the booth seating was just a little more comfortable. They offer a make your own combination lunch special, which was a nice way to approach tapas.  I selected the gazpacho (fantastic), the organic chicken (succulent) and a side of mash.  Complimented by a great wine list, they offer an excellent Txakolina, it proved to be a great lunch choice for our purposes.  I could see it being a welcome change for those who lunch in the area regularly.  

I cannot wait to go back and sample more of the menu.
"I want to take this serrano home and have sex with it." 

Restaurant Week meal (each person chooses two first courses and two second courses each) went like this: 

1st courses:
Me: Jamon Serrano - see opening quote.
BF: Chorizo Pamplona - delicious.
Me: Chicken Brochette - very nicely seasoned.
BF: Arugula: decent portion, the fried goat cheese was awesome.

2nd courses:
Me: Pulpo - paired very nicely with the lemon powder, cooked perfectly.
BF: Merluza en Salsa Verde (sea bass with cockles) - this was my fave.
Me: Asparagus - cooked wonderfully but not second course-worthy.
BF: Duck Montadito - amazing, no wonder it's a signature dish.

We tried both of the RW desserts offered (Chocolate and Torrijas). Both were quite good. I'm not usually a fan of chocolate cake but I'd gladly make an exception for Tinto's flourless version. 

Our server, Jason, was wonderful - friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.
I'm in serious Gourmet Brunch Heaven.  Why did I wait so long to experience this ecstasy?

I'm almost reluctant to write this review because I don't want everyone to schlep over there and start taking advantage of the awesome valued deal Tinto offers for Sunday brunch.

Before I delve into the meal, I have to say something about the service.  From the hostess (who was so pleasant and smile-y - I really think it goes a long way) to the runners, bus boys and of course our server (who was engaging, approachable) - everyone was kind, prompt and worked like a well-oiled machine.

The brunch is only $25!  Twenty-five dollars, people - for Three Courses (that includes your choice of one of two desserts) and a side (I got the pork belly, no question)!  I know that might seem a bit expensive, let's say compared to what a brunch would cost you at Sabrina's or Honey's - but the meal was worth that and more!

I'm still reeling from my second course, revueltos de hongos - deliciously shirred eggs with porcini & trumpet mushrooms, goat cheese and truffle butter with baguette slices. 

My only complaint would be that the space is VERY dimly lit, especially the dining area in the back by the bar - which might be fine and romantic for late dinners - but too dark for lunches and brunch... Seating is tight there too, and I'm not a big fan of having a full meal served at those high top tables - especially if I'm dining with older company. 

All in all, I can't wait to go back and experience the throes of their tapas dinner menu.
(Scene opens.  Camera pans around the room of BRAD P.  Various medals and news clippings of his heroics are focused on.  BRAD P. types briefly.  Quick cut to computer screen.  Shot is zoomed in on a Facebook Status update, reading 
"Just got back from NYC.  Chances of moving there for the dining scene - 98%."  
BRAD P. Moves his mouse to the "share" button.)

GARCES - HALT!

(The window shatters.  GARCES enters, riding atop a Phoenix.  He dismounts and the Phoenix vanishes.)

BRAD - Wow! It's master chef, Jose Garces!

GARCES - Indeed, it is I, feeble mortal.  Do you not realize what you are about to do?  You cannot make such rash facebook claims when you haven't yet tried Tinto!

BRAD - Well, I haven't gotten around to-

GARCES - Silence!  Feast upon this Sopa de Castano!
(Garces conjures  SOPA)

BRAD - (eating SOPA)Wow.  This is really amazing.  Seriously.  Truffled chestnut soup with duck and mushroom hash with a fried quail egg?  I've never tasted anything like this before.  You are a genius.  

GARCES - I am glad you like it!

BRAD - My apologies.  My ideas about New York were rash.  I will not post that on facebook.  Philly still has my loyalty.

GARCES - Here! Try this artichoke dish!
(GARCES conjures ARTICHOKE)

BRAD - (eating ARTICHOKE)This is good.  It's pretty darn good.  It's no soup but-

(GARCES clenches his left fist.  An unseen force throws BRAD across the room and holds him against the ceiling.  The computer screen explodes and the sparks set the room ablaze)

GARCES - How dare you!

BRAD - Seriously.  It's good and all, but you know...you really set the bar high by starting with the soup.  Are you going to pay for all of this damage?

GARCES - Insolent fool! Try these things!(GARCES conjures merluza en salsa verde, duck, pork belly, and crab.  BRAD eats them suspended from the ceiling.  The room continues to burn.)

BRAD - Delicious.  Really.  This pork belly is something else...honey lacquer and apples over meat cooked til its insanely soft?  Bravo. Bravo.

GARCES - Just as good as the soup, yeah?!

BRAD - No.

(GARCES shakes, transforms into archdemon form)

GARCES/DEMON - (Grabs BRAD by the throat)  I have seen ten thousand nights since the fall of my dark masters.  You, BRAD, will now taste the vengeance of -

BRAD - (Looking behind Garces and pointing!) Steven Starr! Just in the nick of time!

GARCES/DEMON- (turning) Starr! My nemesis!  It is about time!(He turns to face an empty room)

BRAD - Gotcha(BRAD drops a smoke bomb and vanishes).

GARCES/DEMON - NO! Foiled again!!

(End scene.)

--

All around, Tinto is a very good restaurant.  All of the items are really great but if you don't get the Sopa de Castano while you are here then that is very unfortunate.  I was really close to ordering a second one after dessert.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, the soup is the hammer-hallway-fight scene in Old Boy while 1989 Metallica is playing live on a flaming stage in front of the screen.
Dare I say that Tinto is better than Amada? I just might.

My friends and I attended Amada's 10 year anniversary the other weekend (aka Paella fest!!!) and received some cards for a free sangria at Tinto! It was also a friend's birthday so we thought this would be a nice place to start off our night. So happy we chose Tinto!

We started at the bar with our free sangrias (both the white and red were lovely but I always lean towards anything with red wine) and ordered a cheese plate to start. The bartender was so knowledgeable and sweet! He chose 3 different varieties for us since we were unsure. My favorite was the hard unpasturized sheep's milk cheese, Idiazábal. So nutty and flavorful! 

I won't bore you with the rest of our time at the bar but eventually we made it to our table since we made last minute reservations and had to wait until 9pm for dinner. Again, the staff were all very nice and accommodating! In the end we chose a nice selection of dishes:

Serrano Ham-Wrapped Figs: Good but nothing spectacular
Patatas Riojanas or Crispy Potatoes with Chorizo Powder, Green Chiles, and Smoked Paprika Aioli: I love potatoes in any form and while these were tasty, I wasn't blown away

These next 3 dishes were the stars of our meal!

Pork Belly with Honey Lacquer and Shaved Apples: Crispy yet juicy pork belly always wins
Pulpo or Spanish Octopus with Smoke Green Olive Aioli, Potatoes, and Spicy Tomato: Perfectly cooked octopus with a great combination of spices
Brussel Sprouts with Crispy Guanciale, Black Truffle, Pine Nuts, Meyer Lemon, and the previously mentioned Idiazábal cheese: This was my favorite dish!!! I loved the brightness the lemon provided against the salty and savory Guanciale and Idiazábal cheese. MMM

We had to order dessert to complete our food adventure at Tinto. Our waiter was kind enough to bring out a free dessert for our birthday girl in addition to the 2 that we ordered! We had Pan con Chocolate (Dark Chocolate Cream with Toasted Bread, Orange, and Cocoa Sponge),  Pastel Vasco (Almond and Vanilla Tart with Cherries and Olive Oil Ice Cream), and my favorite, the Turron Congelado (Frozen Honey Parfait, Pistachio, and Sevilla Orange Coulis). The Turron was a totally new experience for me and I couldn't have been happier that our waiter convinced us to try it. It was not overly sweet and provided needed contrast to the rich chocolate dessert. I also enjoyed the contrasting textures of the frozen parfait and crunchy pistachios. 

I'm still daydreaming about those brussel sprouts as I finish up this review...so good.

And now, if you made it to the end of this review, then you deserve an applause, just like Tinto!
This review is for the bar only. Stopped in here on a Sat night for a cocktail. I've had warmer receptions being pulled over by state troopers on the NJ Turnpike. Wow. Do you dislike your job (or people) that much? Drink menu looked promising, but only one of our two cocktails was good. The other was a twist on a gin & tonic which just didn't work, despite the cool goldfish bowl glass. About 8:30 on a Sat night and the bar area was almost empty. Huh. Wonder why? See above. Ambience at the bar was also forgettable. Not cozy or warm. Can't recommend this for drinks.
My wife & I love Jose Garces' restaurants, so we were puzzled by our experience here.
Very pricey but oh so good, Tinto will certainly impress, but it will be up to you if your wallet can handle multiple visits.

My problem with these places is that the word "Tapas" usually translates to "overpriced and extremely small portions." I honestly can't tell you how many small plates restaurants I've been to where I've dropped $100 and left hungry. Needless to say, I was very skeptical walking in, but with the reputation of Jose Garces and the great reviews, I decided to put it to the test for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. So, no pressure. 

I booked a reservation for a Tuesday at around 6:30 PM on OpenTable, mentioning my girlfriend's birthday in the comment box. When they called the day of to confirm the reservation, I was also able to pick out a dessert they would bring out at the end of the meal (more on that later). Walking inside that night, we were immediately seated in the downstairs area. The service was superb throughout - our waiter was very pleasant and recommended to us the best way to progress to the meal along with some of his favorites.

Ah, but what about the food/drinks? I can honestly say, Tinto really knocks it out of the park with all bases loaded. We started the meal with an order of Sangria, starting with the red wine Sangria Tinto ($9) and later the white wine Sangria Blanca ($9). Yes, yes, ordering a red then a white isn't right, but we didn't anticipate it being so good. I give a slight edge to the Sangria Tinto, which tastes more like a wine than the fruity Sangria Blanca. The food arrives in stages perfectly timed so that as you're finishing up one dish another is out on the table. 

The food was in a word, sublime. We started our meal with a complimentary order of this delicious bread and dipping sauce (only two little pieces...what a tease), an order of olives ($5), which lasted us throughout the entire duration of the meal and was perfect for munching on in between dishes. Next up was the Figs ($5), sweet and juicy wrapped in succulent Serrano ham, the Jamon ($14), a delicious Spanish ham (what? I like ham), and the Crab ($10), two good-sized lumps on small slices of bread with avocado. Next round was the Pulpo ($12), the perfectly seasoned and cooked Spanish octopus, which was my favorite dish of the meal, the Duck ($11), cooked with black cherry and, you guessed it, Serrano ham, and the Patatas Riojanas ($7), which, along with the various hams, is a must order as it's one of the best and larger dishes - crispy potatoes with little to no salt with various sauces. We ended a meal with the Birthday dessert, the Pan Con Chocolate ($9). This was a very confusing dessert, not a piece of cake but pieces of spongy bread and toasted bits, and was the one item I wouldn't reorder.

To end, my bill was well over $100 when it was said and done, and although I can't afford to eat there every night, for special occasions or to try out the happy hour, I'll definitely make another trip to Tinto. Also, be sure to order the various hams.
We came here on a Monday, with 15 mins remaining of happy hour and the place was empty! The hostess was very sweet and accommodating as we sat ourselves at the bar and ordered a couple of wines and some $5 tapas. My husband and I both had the red house wine at $7 each. The happy hour menu also offers a white house wine for the same price as well.  The house red was a tempranillo that was decent and easy to drink. As for the tapas, we shared three plates of: the Montadito De Mejillones, the Montadito De Pancita and the Chorizo a la Plantxa. The Montadito de Mejillones is a bunch of preserved mussels laid atop two pieces of toast, and was very refreshing and flavorful, we really enjoyed it. The Montadito de Pancita was served with two thick slices of pork belly laid atop two pieces of toast and was excellent and absolute must. The Chorizo a la Plantxa was kinda disappointing, literally four pieces of sliced sausage on two skewers and most of it was burnt. Other than that, everything was great, looking to more future happy hours at Tinto!
I arrived in Philadelphia from NYC, and I'm handing out five stars like Eliot Spitzer hands out payments. This restaurant in the Jose Garces group is extraordinary. I had three of the best things I've eaten in 2013 tonight: I chose a Spanish red wine to accompany three tapas: the very rich and delightful trufle soup with duck (which could have been a dessert it was so sweet and yummy), the pork belly on garbanzo beans and crostini, and the truly spectacular grilled octopus with spicy tomatoes and tomatillo sauce. There were so many other things that I wanted to try, but this won't be my last time. 

The service was outstanding. My server gladly returned a drink that did not meet my expectation and replaced it with a wine that exceeded it. She was knowledgeable and passionate about the menu, which added to my pleasure. Even better, when I left my credit card, she came running into the street to find me. When on a business trip, that kind of persistence is much appreciated.

Love this place. I won't leave town without returning, and I'm thinking there may be no need to go to Spain this fall with Tinto so close to home.
My boyfriend and I came to Tinto last night for Restaurant Week. The way the menu is laid out each person gets two appetizer tapas, two entree tapas and one dessert. We also decided to do the wine pairing which was $15 pp. Vlad took wonderful care of us throughout the night, checking in on us periodically to make sure everything was top notch.

We started with the bucheron cheese, manchego Cheese, chorizo de pamplona and the arugula salad. Both cheeses were absolutely delicious especially when paired with the granny smith apple slices and french bread they provided. In addition, the arugula salad was one of the most delicious salads I have ever had! My boyfriend loved the chorizo de pamplona which were thinly sliced pepperoni slices. 

For our entree dishes, we ordered the pulpo (octopus), shrimp gambas, spicy meatballs and crispy potatoes. While everything was absolutely delicious the two standards were definitely the octopus and shrimp which were both cooked to absolute perfection.

For dessert we ordered a chocolate mouse and a copa helado which was a dried fruit and ice cream dish. Both desserts were absolutely delicious and arrived in the perfect portion size.

All in all, we were completely blown away by the food at Tinto. Because it was restaurant week, we did feel slightly rushed, but that is to be expected I suppose since many of the dishes are already pre-prepared. Overall, an excellent dining experience and a restaurant I look forward to coming back to!
My experiences here can be summed up in one dish: the Truffled Chestnut Soup-- Absolutely delicious, well made, artfully plated, and brought a smile to my face.

I'm not going to pretend like this is an affordable meal, you'll drop some change here to fill up.  But each and every plate I've had here has been outstanding (the soup stands out from the rest though.. YUM). 

Happy hours here are nice, but the bar area is cramped, so it can get overwhelming quickly. The sangria is of course delicious; their fall version (with cranberries, allspice, etc) was amazing. 

I hate to say this, but I think Amada has been replaced. Tinto, you've won the place in my heart reserved for the best Garces restaurant in Philly.
Two words that will define the rest of your happy hour life: Tinto Tuesdays.

On Tuesdays from 5-7, Tinto offers what I think is the best happy hour in town. $2 Kenzinger drafts, $4 wine and sangria, and $2 tapas.

The tapas options range from 2-bite wonders to more substantial toast-style morsels. I tried the octopus, easily the tiniest and least impressive, the albondigas, the short rib item, and the duck confit item. 

The duck confit was the winner, hands down. It was so large and rich my friend insisted split with her. I wasn't mad about it. Tender duck confit with a crisped top came piled high on a slice of baguette, with orange supremes and micro basil to add acidity and herbal dimension. It was fantastic. The short rib wasn't bad but needed more of a lacquer on the meat. Albondigas were garlicky but tasty.

Service was... odd. There was a bartender standing near our end of the bar for the last hour we were there, and every time we looked at him and started to ask for something he just kept standing with his back against the wall, hands in pockets, and a blank yet mildly perplexed expression. I was like... are you working here right now? Why are you looking at me like I have 12 heads when I asked for another beer?

My bill at the end of happy hour for 2 beers and 3 tapas was only $10.87. I felt like I was stealing, it was such a good deal. We will be back on many future Tuesdays for sure!
This was the first restaurant we dined at in Philly when we first moved here...sort of a celebration, and because we knew of Amada's reputation we figured Tinto would be just as good.

We made reservations and were led through the dark, narrow dining rooms and seated; apparently the host sat us at a table that was reserved for a couple and the guy was going all out for his girlfriend's 30th birthday...they poured US glasses from his $90 bottle of champagne (DOH).  The smoothness with which they handled the gaff earned them a fifth star (yes, I can be bribed).

Despite all the antics and interesting decor, the food was the real attraction here.   We had a flurry of different cheeses...your standard Iberian (Petit Basque, Monte Enebro, Idiazabal) which range in chalky tart to creamy fresh.

We unwittingly ordered two of the best small-plates I've had in a long time.  From the Pinxtos menu the De Pato was stellar...duck confit wrapped in thin sliced Iberian ham and served with cherry and a blue cheese...crunchy ham-shell gives way to pure duck flavor..not oily, but definitely juicy.

I can't recall the name of the second favorite, but it was a mini-kebab of lamb and eggplant, served standing up in tall shot glasses that had a fois gras-like rich sauce in the bottom.  It was like a savory carnivorous dip 'em stick.

Like it's sister Amada, the portion-to-price ratio can leave some feeling underwhelmed, but if you're a fan of quality over quantity, then a fifth star is a no-brainer.
Mixed feelings about tinto. Have been before for dinner and it was good. Today we went for brunch and it fell apart. The restaurant was empty except for us, at 11am. That didn't make for a fun experience. I ordered the eggs Benedict, advertised on the menu as a brunch meal. It came out with one egg (not eggs, plural), a miniature brioche bread piece. Was hardly a tapas portion, let alone a meal. two of us ordered this dish and we're both done in less than 1 minute (without exaggeration, It was 3 bites) while the others enjoyed their dishes. See pictures for portion size (or lack there of). 

Garces isn't Starr. Will stick with Parc from now on.
In a town recently flush with tapas bar options (and in the throes of a dispiriting city-wide small plates menu trend), Garces has definitely capitalized on his success at Amada and focused on regional distinction at his classy Basque wine bar in Rittenhouse. Lots of nice discoveries here, from the imaginative cheese pairings to the velvety chestnut soup and beautifully presented seafood options. Innovative accompaniments (intense reductions and aiolis) and several vegetarian choices, as well.

I prefer dining in the darker space behind the bar, with its view to the open kitchen, to the more open one (or the downstairs room)-- the elevated stools at the small tables cater to engaging dinner dates. On two occasions there I've had the same good-looking waiter, who's efficient and knowledgeable, but would it hurt him to crack a smile just once? May try eating at the bar next time. Thoroughly recommended, tho' it's a tad pricey.

What I like: cheese plate, lamb loin brocheta, smoked paprika cream, truffled chestnut soup with duck hash and quail egg, baby squid in ink (admittedly an acquired taste), baked San Sebastián crab, roasted sea bass with cockles, basque-style paella with rabbit.

Woohoo!  Just found out that I'll be travelling to San Sebastián for business in October; tho' I might have to temper my raves here after returning from some heady pintxo bar crawls in Basque country.
Had high expectations, was disappointed.  

Made a note that it's for hubby's bday- requested for quiet corner table.  They acknowledged bday but had us at a small middle table.  There were others available and the restaurant was never full, two regular men got a booth without requesting - what gives?

Service friendly but slow.
Yeah, so Tinto is delicious, what's new? 

Is weird that a man renowned for his meat served the best bialy I've ever had? It comes with the cured salmon platter, and is really an everything bialy. It's moist and warm and has that sort of doughy fresh-baked bread appeal except in bialy form...and what's even more strange is that it doesn't border on bagel territory. Definitely a bialy. Definitely an everything bialy. Definitely delicious. 

(I ate it plain after eating the rest of the Cured Salmon Platter similarly...because everything was just so darn tasty that I couldn't risk mixing flavors and screwing up food chemistry.) 

The grilled asparagus is served with hollandaise. It's the paragon of asparagus flavor with just the most miniscule of hints of the olive oil it was sauteed in. I dropped a precious spear on the ground, and if my dining partner hadn't witnessed that crime, I would have probably picked it up, wiped it off, and ate it just the same. Yeah. It's that good.

Brunch at Tinto is a 3 course affair to which you must certainly partake...a first and second course, a side dish, and a dessert? There's no better way to start a day than with Jose Garces' ingenuity. 

Oh, and get the maple grits. Maple syrup on grits more buttery than Amish pretzels served in a mini cast iron skillet is sure to make your mouth happy (and your belly equally fat...but when filled with such love, who really cares?).
Great place by the same Chef as Amada. Ask to be seated downstairs possible as the ambiance feels like you are in Spain.
Great place for happy hour drinks. I have yet to try the food but the interior is super cute.
I came here for restaurant week and I was also celebrating my anniversary with the Mr.! This is the perfect place for a date or more romantic dinner! Especially since it is tapas style and you can share plates/try different things. Friends and groups are definitely welcomed, but the ambience with candlelight lighting (and wine bottle selection!) have total date vibes for trying to impress someone.

Restaurant week First Course: We ordered Serrano ham, manchego cheese, olives, and the paprika garlic chorizo! Wow, the chorizo was flavorful and seasoned perfectly. All items complimented each other. The first course is served with a little bread too

Second course: We orders the duck montadito, Pulpo (octopus!), the green beans, and beef brochettes. The beef brochettes were tender beef skewers, and octopus was on point in their thick marinade. The winners for the course was surprisingly the duck! I don't believe this is a regular menu item but if you get the chance, definitely order it!! It was incredibly rich and served on a small piece of baguette with a sweetened cherry. All the flavors complimented each other and reminded me how delicious duck can be when done right! Last, the green beans may be the best green beans I ever had. They were served with almonds, in a balsamic vinaigrette-oil with additional seasoning that were absolutely delicious. You know if they make green beans as it's own dish, then they have to be pretty incredible. 

Dessert: goat cheese flan and an ice cream yogurt fruit dish! Absolutely delicious, light and sweet. We were also served two sweeten pears at the end of the meal as a last goodbye treat.

Overall the food was incredible! Service was really quick, if I had to give one negative it is the size of the tables. Especially with tapas, there were a lot of plates and little space. Everything else was stellar.

When making the reservation, I noted it was for an anniversary dinner... to my grateful surprise the restaurant gave us complimentary champagne for the celebration! It was greatly appreciated and thoughtful. Restaurants that go that extra step is why this place deserves the five stars!
Tapas restaurants are much like sushi restaurants: In many of them you'll be spending handsomely for not a lot of food. But boy, when you find a good one, each bite can be a treasure.

Tinto's, like its Garces Philadelphia sister restaurant, Amada's, is one of those culinary holy-of-holies. Inside you'll find the Ten Commandments of gastronomic delights (this metaphor has obviously gone wayyyy too far and by now I've offended many orthodox religious practitioners). (So let me continue . . . )

What I'm blasphemously trying to say is . . . "Holy Christ, this place rocks!"

Always get the house-cured olives as a test of any tapas restaurant. It's like ordering a slice of pepperoni pizza at a NY street pizza joint. At Tinto's the olives were stunningly good. After an excellent arugula salad we had the absolutely spectacular lamb spears and finished with the chocolate tart. A delicious small meal made all the better by the moderately priced Primitivo Quiles wine that was the perfect match. 

Wondered over across the street to top it all off with a small scoop of our favorite gelato at what we think is the best such shop in the world--Capogiro's--and couldn't have had a more enjoyable night. Thanks for the memories, Philly, and thanks Don Garces for the treats.
Tinto has a new menu and I don't love it. Came here tonight for the paella and scallops, left without both. 

1. Pulpo is now thick and over cooked - neither me or my friend finished it. I actually spit a piece out in my napkin

2. Chorizo and beef sliders were OK - nothing worth re-ordering

3. Meatballs were OK

4. Pork belly toast - over cooked and not flavorful 

I used to gather a group and come here often. Don't think I'll be back. 1 star for a roof over our head and a second for the sangria.
I'm going to go with 3 stars here and stick to my guns all day long. Everything here is small plates (Tapas) which is fine, although not really 100% up my alley.

Food; At the end of the meal I'd have to say it was good, but far from great. I had the duck and the octopus. Octopus, to me, felt a tad too much like frog legs. Seemed to have a slimy wet texture to it. Might have been cooked just a minute longer. The duck was very good. It was wrapped in bacon. I had the blue cheese for an app. It was pretty good. If you're more of a traditional type of person this may not be the place for you. Personally I'd never really go back there. I don't feel the food was high quality enough to warrant the price.

Service; It was good but, basically a different person comes by each time and just drops food off. We must have had about 7 different people drop stuff off. That just didn't make it feel "personal" enough for me I guess. It had an assembly line feel to it. I do understand tapas are almost a different animal when it comes to dining out but I just dont think it was worth more than 3 stars for food or service.

Dessert; Was by far the best part of the meal. Forget the name but they only have 2, and it wasn't the chocolate mousse.

Bottom line; Not a first date type of place and I could recommend about 20 other places you should try before you go here. I would consider this more of a lets eat out at a nice place, on a Tuesday.
I came to Tinto for restaurant week last week.  As I"m sure restaurant week offers limited options and smaller portions, I am still giving 5 stars because this was my favorite restaurant week experience of the week, service was excellent, and every dish we ate was absolutely delicious. 

We had: 
1st Course: All 3 kinds of cheese; our favorite was the Boucheron, by far amazing, then the La Peral which was like a bleu cheese but way better.  The Idiazábal was good, but not as great as the others.  The Verdosa salad was good, although lacking some veggies or other content, and the Figs were one of my favorites.  Yumm!

2nd Course: Duck Montadito blew us away, was duck confit on toast with ham and dark cherry, so delicous!  One of their best sellers, I can see why!  The Pulpo (octopus) was also amzing, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the green olive aioli made the dish!  The Merluza Verde (Sea Bass) was another phenomenal dish, the fish was so tender it melted in your mouth.  Yumm!  For our vegetarian, we got the Bomba Rice with white asparagus and manchgo, and the green breans haricots verts with almonds, dates, and oranges.  Both were delicious, the rice was creamy and filling, and the dates on the green beans was a nice treat. 

3rd Course: Dessert:  I loved the chocolate tart with almonds and hazelnut ice cream.  The ice cream was the best!  My friends ordered the Cuajada, which is like a whipped pudding.  They seemed to love it, although I didn't try it.

We had a very delicious bottle of wine, a cabernet from the 1st page of the menu.  All their wines are from Spain, although pricey, I loved this wine so much.  ($55 bottle was one of the cheapest red wines on the menu).  I highly recommend Tinto to anyone.  The restaurant is so cozy and inviting, the service is great, the food is out of this world!  I wish I could afford this every week!  Bravo.
It's been awhile since I've visited this Basque tapas bar and I am so glad I returned.  But if you are looking for mass quantities of food on the plate and do not understand the concept of small plates and sharing, this ain't the place for you.  I don't need you nor your ilk around me, get lost.  ;-)

Let me first compliment the bartenders, Dan and the other guy, who made the experience delightful, from reco'ing which wine by the glass we would thoroughly enjoy to expert suggestions and explanations of the menu choices...1st class, 5 star guys.

The presentation of every plate was fantastic, creative, and forcing the conversation to take a quick turn to oooo's and ahhhh's.  

The lamb skewers in a shot glass with bacon eggplant sherry jus was a little awkward to handle but the lamb was tender and the flavor distinct.   The figs in a wrap of Serrano ham were my fave along with the anchovies draped around some diced pickled veggies and finished off with pine nuts.  The Prawns were very fresh and presented well, just not something I would order again as it was a step above ordinary in flavor.

Garces has it going on here.
Bananas doesn't even really begin to describe the food here.

This review is after my second time at Tinto.  My first time was with a group of 4 and we tried a variety of things.  There were hits and misses but the hits really did hit.  This time, I was craving a few of these items as well as others.

2nd time - Wow.  A buddy came to visit from nyc and we ate here for dinner.  This place is a perfect example of great cuisine here in philadelphia.  Here is what we ordered

figs
prawns
pulpo
butifarra
bomba rice
lamb (amazing)
pork belly
aritichokes

The lowlight of the meal were the figs just because they were only good.  Everything else pretty much blew our mind.  The prawns with a small tomato, piece of choizo and aioli.  The house made garlic sausage with lentils.  The lamb with eggplant bacon and sherry.  Pork belly over toast.  My god.  This meal was one of a kind.  It was such a good taste of such a variety of dishes.  It's kind of ridiculous that everything we had was bursting with ridiculous amounts of flavor.  It made me happy to live in philadelphia and be able to eat at a restaurant like this.

Our waitress was extremely nice and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Her wine recommendation was spot on.  The food arrived promptly but we weren't rushed.  It was just flat out spectacular.

If you haven't been, go.  Go soon.
Came back to Tinto last Saturday and have to unfortunately take off a star because the food was so ridiculously salty. I am an avid restaurant goer and have never had this problem dining out before... The worst part was that it wasn't just the one dish we had a problem with, it was more than half of the dishes (particularly the octopus, brussels sprouts and meatballs). 

That being said, we didn't encounter this during our last visit so perhaps it was just an off night? Great atmosphere and service, but was not impressed by the food our second go-around.
Food: Delicious--5 stars

Atmosphere: Fancy, special, and romantic--5 stars 

Service: Okay, forgot a dish we ordered and didn't answer our questions about wine--2.5 stars

I had a few friends visiting from California and wanted to take them somewhere nice in Philly. My first choice was to take them to Jamenero, but of course, there were no availabilities for a like a month when I called. So I decided to go to Tinto since it was highly recommended by friends. 

Upon entering, I was amazed at the lighting and the décor. I wanted something fancy and intimate, and this was the perfect place. There were wine bottles lined up along the wall--it was absolutely beautiful and it got me excited to eat there.

The server informed us of the tapas-style meal and suggested we order about 3 plates per person--we were all in. We were also interested in getting wine, but he didn't do that well suggesting or answering our questions about the wine. We were a little disappointed that he couldn't help us with this. But we ended up trying the sangrias, which were amazing. Most of us had the tinto sangria, while one of my friends had the white sangria--both were amazing. I highly recommend them!

Now for the food, we tried: 

Charcuterie & Cheese-

-Mixto Cheese: 3 pieces of cheese with some bread. I can only remember that one of them was the Blue de Basque. If you like cheese, you'll like this mix--I did. They were all pretty strong cheeses, which I thoroughly enjoyed, but a couple of my friends did not enjoy them as much. If you run out of bread, ask for more!

-Chorizo Pamplona: Pretty good. You can taste the chorizo flavor in these thin slices of meat!

Bocadillos:

-Short rib--OMG, my favorite! It was absolutely amazing, we ended up ordering another plate of these. The meat was tender and flavorful and the asparagus and aioli added crisp that completed each bite! I highly recommend trying this dish!

-Dungeness Crab Croquettes--Cripsy on the outside and flavorful in the inside. The sauce for it was great. I definitely liked the Crab in the Montaditos menu better though!

Pintxos (ask the server how to pronounce this; we had a good time saying this all night!): 

-Chicken--decent, can't complain too much about it

-Prawns--my friends enjoyed this (I'm allergic, so I can't comment too much on this)

-Albondigas--this never came; I guess they forgot about it, so we just asked them to cancel it. 

Montaditos

-Pork Belly--absolutely delicious. This actually had the most; it came out with 4 pieces! 

-Kobe Beef--Not bad. One of my friends enjoyed this the most, but I couldn't get over how good the short rib was! 

-Crab--absolutely delicious, my second favorite after the short rib. You just get a huge mound of crab on top of bread and the flavor of this crab was absolutely amazing! 

Overall, we definitely enjoyed the food. We were a little disappointed with the lack of attention from the server and the they forgot one of our orders. I know we ordered a lot of dishes (a group of 5 they suggested 3 plates per person), but they are a tapas restaurant, so they should be used completing a long list of orders!
It had been a tough week, Friday night was awful end to the week. I knew the recipe for a weekend turnaround was a fine meal. you know the one where from the first sip of wine to the last bite, you are smiling and making audible MMMs instead of mental ones. The kind of meal where you never consider your worries, and besides the food you can only focus on hoe good it is to be alive and living in Philadelphia. Tinto provided that meal, with precision and grace. Spanish wine, little bubbly, sweet and tart. Mixto cheeses, selections were different and each a treat. Tapas can be scary to a guy with a huge appetite, but with 6 plates between to big eaters we were satisfied, if not stuffed. each dish was special in its own way, and it was hard to decide which one was my favorite. The duck with sour cherry, was a wow plate for sure. we ordered to shellfish and they were both excellent on their own but the fact that the crab with peas herb crustini was sweet and fresh and in total juxtaposition to the lobster which was rich and savory. Asparagus and pork belly two other notable dishes, which rounded out our meal. We sat outside, because its cool in July, but our server was sharp, never did my glass go unfilled, and he explained food well, and even engaged in healthy debate about bringing out the cheese first. Tinto gave us the finest dinning experience without the hint of pretension. i needed a nice night out, hell i deserved one, I am glad We chose Tinto, and I dreamed about dinner later that night.
Sat at the bar and had dinner one hot Thursday night. Service was ok. There were a few order errors. The bartenders were a bit cold as we sat at the bar for two hours. Then as we were leaving, the one bartender starting chatting because she recognized that we also worked at a bar (odd, right?).

The highlight of the evening was the Arroz Bomba, a bomba rice with asparagus and lemon oil. It was buttery and delicious. Xangurro a la Vasca was also quite tasty, jumbo lump crab meat with a sliver of avocado  (I only wish the avocado slice with a tad thicker). There was also a Braised Short Rib sandwich that was superb. The meat was so tender; it just melted in my mouth.

I will definitely have to make a reservation next to to try the rest of the menu.
I ate here last night for Restaurant Week with a group of SIX other friends, so I was impressed a seemingly intimate setting, that they were able to find space for a larger party. The size is deceiving as they have a larger downstairs area, too, so if you walk by and think it's too small, re-consider. We ordered somewhat haphazardly and just shared everything we got. I like the Le Boulis cheese (which I think was made with cow's milk) and came with this great jam and honey and these delicious bread slices and crispy cracker-like things. I also had their organic chicken, which was juicy and had just enough spices. I also thoroughly enjoyed the asparagus with lemon aioli. Someone else ordered the green beans, but not as excited about these since they were swimming in oil and dashed with paprika (which really tasted like nothing). Some of us shared a couple of pitchers of red sangria, also very tasty and not too strong. OH! Dessert was amazing: the chocolate ganache-like cake/brownie thing (sorry, forgot the technical term in my chocaholic indulgences. Jason was our server and he did a fine job in being attentive but not too pushy.
This place is much smaller than Amada (the other tapas restaurant located on Chestnut Street in Olde City, also owned by Chef Jose Garces), and so were the tables.  I felt like there wasn't enough room to eat comfortably, even though the plates are small, LOL.

Pretty expensive, so don't come too hungry or expect bang for your buck!  Mainly a fun/enjoyable experience to try little bites of each thing (best to share with others) and just linger, drink wine, have a nice time with your friends or your date.  It's quite dark, so good for a blind date, perhaps?  The food is very good, but the service is just okay (just like at Amada).  I think I prefer Amada because it's more spacious, they have live flamenco, and the waiters are hot  ;)
For our anniversary, I wanted somewhere with amazing food in a quiet setting. I stumbled upon Tinto which is Amada's "little sister" but in my opinion much better. Everything from Tinto was top notch and I highly recommend it for a nice dinner with a loved one, or with a client. 

We had reservations for 8:15 and were seated a few minutes before our reservation. They sat us on a high-top table in the back which was next to the chefs counter and intimate. Our waitress ( I forget her name, but she had medium length blonde hair) was extremely helpful and knew the menu inside and out. She made it apparent that she was there to ensure our experience was out of this world and she definitely succeeded. We ordered a 2 glasses of champagne and a bottle of wine - our waitress actually brought out the incorrect bottle, owned the mistake and was happy to fix it which went a long way in our book.

We ordered 8 plates total, which also included the olives. As a vegan, I picked Tinto because it appeared they could accommodate everything and after consulting with our waitress, I ordered the green beans, mushrooms (a must have), artichokes and Brussels and now have left overs for the next day or so. Everything had so much flavor and was just the right size. I am recommending Tinto to everyone I know, and will definitely return!
I'm driven to tapas/sangria like a moth to a flame....

This is my favorite place to eat in Philadelphia (which is pretty cool because I loved it before I even knew it was Jose Garces place).  A few of my favorite things are:

- Jamon Iberico (don't let the MP scare you off, its worth every penny)
- Short Rib
- Roast Pork
- Duck
- Pork Belly
- Lamb (under the vegetable & meat section)

Nothing beats a perfect combination of food and service (our prawns were a bit salty and they took it off of our bill and gave us a complimentary dessert).  My only complaint: I wish they were open for lunch....
Ahh Tinto! I thought my heart belong to Amada, but now I'm not so sure. Chef Garces tapas style restaurant has impressed me again! Overall, all the dishes had a very strong, savory, and bold flavor. 

-Serrano ham-wrapped figs $5 - Good, but I wish the ham to fig ratio was more balanced 
-Lamb loin w/ sherry jus $14 - WOW! Basically lamb lollipops! Amazing! Must get! 
-Pork Belly w/ honey lacquer, shaved apples $10 - So juicy and soft, its melts in your mouth! 
Veal Short ribs - $21 - Good, but nothing memorable. 
-Brussels sprouts $13 - Highly recommend this! Big portion too. So crunchy and well seasoned. 
-Bomba rice $12 - Didn't think it was anything special. Do not recommend paying $12 for rice. 
-Wild Mushrooms $14 - Get this! Loaded w/ flavor on a small skillet. I'm a huge mushroom gal, and can eat this everything if I can.  

Everything is small plates, but you'll be surprised at how full you'll be. Similar to Amada, Tinto offers a chef's tasting menu as well. Its (55/75/85) per person for 3 courses (~ 3 plates per course) & dessert to be shared between the entire table. It was only my boyfriend and me, and we didn't want any cheese dishes, so it made sense in value to not do tasting. We both left very full. I would do the tasting menu if I was with at least 3 other people.
I went to visit a friend in Philadelphia.  A friend who can eat. A friend who knows his town.  Tinto did not disappoint.

This was right after I turned vegetarian, ok ok - pescatarian - who can resist lobster with grapefruit-vanilla nage, migas... or scrambled egg with jumbo lump crab, english peas, and herbed toast?  

Wonderful, busy but great service, 5 star ambiance, big big fan.  Now,  about the Flyer fans..............
You should always order the Jamon Iberico De Bellota.  It's stupidly expensive, but there is a reason that you pay for this melt in you mouth pork.  Razor thin slices of fatty, acorn fed pork are to die for.  If I was filthy rich, you bet your ass that I have a trained staff member slicing this stuff off for me on the daily.  

The Paella was very good.  A nice crunch on the bottom of the rice, very flavorful.  One of the better paellas that I've had.

Diver Scallops were cooked perfectly.  They were light and tasty.  

The wine was as terrific as expected.  Spanish wine is some of my absolute favorite.  They gave us complimentary champagne for our anniversary.  That was nice of them.

There needs to be a casual tapas restaurant in Philly.  The food here is great, but it's too expensive and too stuffy to really be tapas.  That being said, I'd absolutely recommend it.
I returned from 10 days in Spain and was craving all of the delightful food I had experienced there. I am also a long time fan of Amada, and when we didn't make our reservation on time Saturday evening, we decided to try Tinto since there were reservations still available. Now I know why... I was disappointed with this restaurant and with the reviews I am seeing. 
The hostess was pleasant but when we seated our waitress had a bit of an attitude. I asked about patatas bravas and if the potatoes on the menu were similar and she said she never heard of patatas bravas. That is like working at an American bar in Spain and saying you have never heard of French fries. Not a good start. 
Half of the food was good and the other half, sadly, not at all. The figs wrapped in hamon were dried figs. I would expect fresh. The crab had so much mayo mixed in, you could barely taste the crab much less any other seasoning. The pulpo was cooked well and good flavor, but at little too salty. I would order it again. The patatas were good, but after looking at other review pics and comments, I think we got shorted. We didn't have any of the delicious cream sauce that others speak of. The short rib sandwich was by far the best thing we got. 
Overall, I was disappointed given that it's a Jose Garces restaurant and the price of the food. Spanish food is incredibly fresh and this was far from it.
Went for restaurant week and it was great!

I made a reservation pretty early and we got this really nice table downstairs where there was only one other table. It was really nice, low lighting, comfy booth with pillows, very intimate and fun. The only awkward thing was that people would come down to go to the bathroom from time to time.

We split a pitcher of the red sangria, which was amazing and the waiter heard us debating between the white and red so he brought us a glass of white on the house which was super nice!

Everything we got was really good, artistically displayed, and it was fun to try all different dishes.

We got the...
idiazabal and mahon cheese,
the gazpacho soup (so good!),
arugula salad (amazing), 
serrano wrapped figs (super), 
chicken brochettes (whatever sauce these were on was incredible),
spanish octopus (YUM), 
seabass (very tender), 
basquaise mussels (these were good, not my favorite, would skip next time),  
bomba rice (I would skip this next time too, it was good but not amazing)
and the green beans (good, they did forget our green beans, but brought them right away when we asked.)
chocolate cake and Torrijas were both delish.

Def a must-go to for restaurant week...and someday when I'm rich for brunch or dinner.
Unimpressive. I would give 3 stars for the food all else being equal but given the price and the prestige I have to give this place 2 stars.

While the service was fine and the space was quite nice, I thought the food was extremely inconsistent and at times really difficult to eat. I went here for restaurant week this week and they offered a chef's tasting for an upcharge ($55/person) from the regular restaurant week special that my party chose to try. 

The good: Of the many dishes they brought out the star of the show was the pulpo (grilled octopus) with a spicy tomato sauce and olive aioli that was aesthetically beautiful and tasted great and showed a clear culinary vision. That dish tasted like something that a restaurant that gets a 26/30 in Zagat should be putting out. The pork belly montadito was good albeit uninspired. It a bit too oily and monotonous in flavor, and tasted like a well cooked slab of pork on top of bread, still pleasant though. A sea bass dish with a thick lemony sauce with a light salsa verde and cockles was probably the second best dish I was served and was also pleasing and a clear demonstration of elevated cuisine. Additionally, the $15 wine pairing (restaurant week special) was a good value for two glasses of wine at a restaurant. There was also an adequate amount of food that was served which was good.

The bad: I had a chicken dish with Brussels sprouts that featured chicken that was so bone dry it was almost flaky in texture and inedible. I regret not sending it back and expressing my disgust in person because that chicken should not have been fed to people. The chorizo pamplona came with a mealy white accompaniment with little flavor and an awkward mouthfeel and I really didn't enjoy it. Their patatas riojanas were well cooked but the wrong size to be enjoyed properly, the inside had too much starchiness and texturally ruined the dish. Think of a bad steak-cut french fry with a decent seasoning. The pan chocolate (chocolate bread) with mousse is something that I could do without as well and was basically a chocolate crouton in a mediocre mousse and left me with a mediocre taste in my mouth that was encompassing of the entire meal experience.

In sum: Overpriced. Inconsistent. Would not recommend. Space is aesthetically beautiful and there is a good selection of Iberian wines. Some dishes were good, but some were really, truly, awful. Sister restaurant Amada is really much better in every way. Disappointing from Chef Garces.
Great experience here. We went for brunch, and their entire menu looked so good. We want to go back for brunch again & to try dinner 

Decor inside is worth commenting on. Cool frame displays of wine openers, and walls lined with wine bottles.
God I want to give this place 5 stars, but holy christ it was expensive. 

We were advised to order 4 tapas per person, and really we should have done 3, both due to expense and being ridiculously full by the end. The best things were by far the artichokes (with fresh pasta in some sort of beurre blanc sauce that was absolutely to. die. for.), the duck (though the cherry seemed unnecessary) and the lamb skewers (shots of love). 

Our waitress was incredible. She was totally helpful in explaining the menu, very attentive, knows the wine and was super friendly and generally awesome. I kind of have a little girl crush on her. I wish I could remember her name because you all should request her when you go. 

I loved the atmosphere, and they had a guy playing spanish guitar in the corner as well. It really was fantastic, save for the ridiculous expense.
I came here late last night with my friend, since we didn't want to venture from away from where we were staying.....

All I have to say is BLOOD ORANGE MOJITO made by Ben is simply perfect.
Wowza... I had never been to Tinto before, but it was an excellent dining experience. Tinto is a small plate tapas style restaurant. I can't remember everything we ordered, but some of my favorites were the Foie Gras, kobe beef, scallops, and prawns. It happened to be my friend's borthday, so they also brought a beautifully decorated dessert treat. Check out the pics.
To echo many other reviewers here, the food is fantastic, yet pricey. 

However, I was disappointed in three things: the wine list, wine service and the atmosphere.

Wine list: While there are some great bottles here (with triple-digit prices) there is hardly any depth in the lower price range ($35-60). The wines offered in this range were not only light in number but also in flavor and authenticity. This is unacceptable - especially at a Spanish wine bar. Not only do values abound from lesser known wine regions (Montsant, La Mancha, Priorat...), but simple, modestly-priced wine should be the cornerstone of any authentic Spanish wine bar. It's absence makes diners feel like donors to a Philadelphia revitalization fund - the fancy new restaurant may be good for business, but it is not faithful to it's culinary roots

Wine service: If a restaurant aims to maintain a top-flight wine list (with top-flight prices) the knowledge of the wait staff must keep pace. We were confidently informed that a fruit-forward wine matured exclusively in stainless-steel represented traditional Spanish wine-making. Figuring we'd go along with it, we ended up with a juicy red a la Australian Shiraz. Basic wine-fundamentals should be a key piece of the training for wait-staff at any type of wine bar.

Atmosphere: My beef with the atmosphere mirrors the above description of the wine list. I felt a bit like I was at the Cheesecake Factory when the waitress "upsold" us. It's really not necessary to tell guests how many tapas they are supposed to order - our stomachs can do the math.

All in all - the food is fantastic, but the overall experience served the heighten my longing for the tapas bars of Madrid.
This place is Awesome for restaurant week. Make sure you go with about 3-4 people that like to share to make the most of the experience. I came with a party of 4 and was able to sample almost everything on the menu. We had a total of 8 dishes for the 1st course and 9 dishes for the second (the server rung in something wrong, so gave us the dish on the house, SCORE!) The plates are small, but having plenty of dishes at the table really filled us all up. As for drinks, wasn't a big fan. Next time, I might have to do wine as I hear from people that Tinto is known for their wine selections and not really their cocktails.

Dishes that are a must try:
Verdosa Salad (yes, i listed salad even though I'm a meatatarian) - the dressing on this made this dish really good! I enjoyed it a lot

Chorizo Pamplona - kinda like thin sliced pepperoni, but so much better

Jamon Serrano - like prosciutto, but again so much better . I kept calling it prosciutto and my wife yelled at me.

Pork Belly - It was crispy yet moist. And it was bursting with flavor

Duck - Another absolute favorite/ It was so flavorful. This duck and the pork belly was my absolute go back to dish.

Sea Bass - very flaky and very flavorful.

Chocolate cake - I wanted to pick up this plate and lick it at the end. I wish my wife didn't eat half of it. 

All the other dishes I tried were really good too, but the above list are my favorites from the night. 

Overall - I will be back, but only during RW time. It's too expensive other times.
I called a head to make and received poor reservation service. I came here with a friend to meet up for dinner. We tried a variety of items and still felt hungry when we left. I recommend getting the octopus and lamb pops.

Our waiter was amazing and so helpful when selecting dishes.
I felt like I was at a perfect place for a Happy hour on a Friday eve with great weather. The place wasn't overly crowded for a fri eve and that was the best part for me. Got a seat facing the road with windows open and it was great. White and Red sangria both were nice although My fav was White Sangria. Has a good list of tapas for happy hour and we tried patata riojanas, bruschetta (beet and tomato), fish croquettes. Everything was delicious specially the croquettes. Great place for a date night!!
Technically, we had already celebrated my birthday on the actual day while vacationing in Costa Rica with his family, but my bf and I just took that as an excuse to have yet ANOTHER celebration back in Philly for just the two of us. Last year the location was Amada, and we had such an incredible dinner that I had to try another of Jose Garces' restaurants. Tinto reservations completed, we excitedly made our way over to 20th and Sansom.

The interior is wonderful - dark and warm, which gives it an intimate feel. I barely even noticed the other diners around us. We were seated immediately along the wall in the front room and our waitress quickly gave a run through of how to dine tapas style (which we already knew, but no matter). We immediately ordered a pitcher of their red wine sangria - alot for two people, but its my birthday party and I'll drink if I want to! - and boy was it good. It was like drinking fruit juice, only better because its the adult version. 

After the drinks task was complete (and we had put away a full glass each), we began our journey through Garces' culinary adventure into Basque cuisine. We shared/gorged on the following:

Serrano ham wrapped figs: Technically my bf ate this, but I had a bite of the figs themselves and it was a morsel of caramelized goodness. My bf had to restrain himself from inhaling them to fully enjoy the flavors.

Chicken brochettes with garbanzo puree and truffle jus: What was technically a "why not?" choice became a surprising stand out. The chicken brochettes were tender and moist, and paired with the puree and truffle jus was just fantastic.

Heirloom tomato gazpacho with avocado and fried padron peppers: Not the chunky gazpacho style I enjoy, but delicious nonetheless. The fried peppers were a lovely addition to a basic dish.

Sea bass with cockles in salsa verde: Absolutely incredible, the sea bass was cooked to flaky perfection. Both it and the cockles were enhanced by the salsa verde.

Asparagus with smoked tomato compote and majon espuma: When it came out, it was NOT what I expected. Half is asparagus, the other half is the tomato compote and majon espuma, which had surprising tastes. The compote is quite smoky, and the espuma very light, airy and somewhat sweet to my taste. I didn't care for the compote too much, but the asparagus tasted great with the espuma.

Wild Mushroom with roasted potato, shallot and parsley: Wow. This reminded me immediately of traditional Basque tapas, the mushrooms were incredibly delicious and woody-flavored. A must.

Chocolate coffee layer cake (almond meringue, chocolate ganache, coffee buttercream layers) with hazelnut ice cream: Chosen by our waitress' recommendation, and such a good choice it was. We were so full at this point we couldn't choose something TOO rich. This cake was light yet satisfying, and the hazelnut ice cream made it taste even better! I have a craving for hazelnut gelato now.

Overall, our dinner was fantastic. The food was delicious, our waitress was attentive, friendly, and funny, and the atmosphere was perfect for what we wanted. This is a perfect place for a special occasion - or every night if you can afford it! I definitely plan on returning soon; Garces has me hooked.
Food was great!

I loved everything here. Place is small but the food is big in taste. I always get the sangria when I come, refreshing!

The interior is quite relaxed with the dim it candles and the urban decor on the walls. Service is extremely attentive; we had 2 servers compete to take our order. And every dish that came out was mouth-watering! 

The beef and lobster skewers: yum yum yum! 
We had some cheese that the server recommended, whatever it was, I loved it. These crunchy delectable rosemary crackers came with it.
Every pork dish was tender and seasoned just right.
The mussels were different; that was my least favorite.

I must go back. It was that good.
tinto is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  it would probably take over the #1 spot from my handful of go-to delicious & affordable BYOs if i only had a sugar daddy.  tinto's a great place to go sit by yourself at the bar, and really immerse yourself in the food and drink in front of you.  the bartender was wonderful - very friendly and came with some excellent wine and food recs.  there was one cheese in particular that was so creamy and good i could have cried.  oh, and a fish dish came with a little citrus salad on the side that matched so well i wanted to go hug the chef.  and my white wine was perfectly crisp and easy to sip liberally.  which i did.  so for that reason, don't expect to get out for less than $100 per person.  but it's so worth it.  if i had the means to, i'd eat there every day.
I have heard great things about this swanky little wine and tapas bar and after being more then impressed by Amada I couldn't wait to get in here and try it out...unfortunately I was not impressed.

My friend and I were seated at a high top bar table in a tight area by the stairwell and next to the waiter station. Not the best spot to be sitting but I didn't complain since the place was crowded.

We both ordered a drink. I got the MAIRRITZE which was a blood orange mojito--very good and my friend ordered a glass of wine.

Since it was restaurant week we were each allowed to order 2 items from the first course section and 2 from the second and a dessert--not too bad for $35 each considering most plates start at $10.

Here's a rundown of our food:
Idiazabal Cheese - similar to manchego served with green apple and some sort of stuff that looked like canned cranberry sauce which I didn't care for.
Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho - AWESOME. Very flavorful and perfect for this time of year. Would highly recommend.
Brocheta de Pollo - chicken & grapes on a skewer..very tender but nothing special
Chorizo Cantimpalo - I love chorizo and it was sliced so thinly that you could barely taste it, not to mention it was sitting in a puddle of grease and the accompanyment was egg salad! (I really dislike egg salad)
Brocheta de Res - skewered steak. The cut of meat was very chewy, fatty/gristly and was overpowered by a peanut butter taste.
Moules Basquaise - Mussels in tomato sauce. It was served in a bowl and I was kind of confused as to how to eat it since they weren't even in the shells and we didn't have any bread. The description on the menu is not what came out as it said there was supposed to be a lemon ailoi and frites. 
Alubias de Tolosa - black beans, pork belly, chorizo, & cabbage stew. This was my favorite dish by far, very flavorful and reminded me of a home cooked meal.
Judias Verdes - Haricot verts with a citrus and almond sauce. These were very tasty but again nothing spectacular.

We ended our meal with the 
Gateaux Basque - mini tarts with cream and cherries. They looked like they came from a pastry shop..I don't think they are made in house but they were good. The cherry was the best part.
Bananas y Azafran - chocolate cake, caramelized bananas, saffron crema. Would have been good if there were more then 3 mini slices of banana as the cake was very rich and needed something to cut the richness. All in all was good though.

I know many people say that during restaurant week the service/food sometimes hinders and maybe that was the case but I think that is when it should be your best as most people try out places they wouldn't normally go. I would maybe go back here but only if someone else was paying :)
I accidentally ended up at Tinto during Restaurant Week, so I thought I'd update my review to tell you about what the place is like during this most wonderful time of the year. In a nutshell, just as good as it is the rest of the year, and if y'all can get a reservation you should head in ASAP. 

So how does one accidentally eat at a Garces restaurant during RW? Well, at 5:30 you decide that you are going to combat the cold with some delicious soup and maybe some mussels and steel yourself to brave the crowds at the bar and wait until you can squeeze yourself in. Except then you walk in and the restaurant is nearly empty and the bar has plenty of open spaces. And you realize that the rest of the city paid attention to the fact that a snow emergency has just been declared and have stayed home. So you sit down and notice the RW menu and send up a prayer of thanks to the gods of overindulgence. 

The RW menu offers a solid list of Tinto's highlights. For the first course, I tried two new (to me) dishes - the Basque Onion Soup and the Arugala. The soup was good, but not quite as good as the Sopa de Castano. It was very light and a little bit sweet, with a good ratio of broth to bread to cheese. The arugala was surprisingly delicious, it comes with almonds, ham, figs and delicious balls of fried goat cheese that would make a wonderful dish on their own. The vinaigrette is sweet and light and very flavorful. I'm not usually a fan of salads in the winter, but I would go back for this. For the second course, I had the Duck Montadito and the Moules Basquaise. The duck montadito was excellent, as always. It's duck wrapped in ham. You can't mess that up. The mussels were great (they were the whole reason I stopped in, after all!), and there were a TON of mussels in my little cast iron pot. The only disappointment was that, for RW, they are being served with toasted bread rather than the frites with lemon aioli. I finished up my meal with the Gateaux Basque, which is what I imagine would happen if shortbread and a pound cake had a baby - dense, lemony, delicious. And oh so filling. By this point I was starting to question the sanity of eating here during Restaurant Week without a friend to share the burden of so many plates. 

If you happen to read this review in the next few hours, it will be worth your while to brave the sleet to snag one of the tables that have opened up on account of the weather. If not, you're just going to have to hope for another fortuitous weather emergency so you can snag your own table.
I love this place. Great selection of tapas and all very delicious. I find the staff to also be really helpful in helping you pair the right wine with your food order.

My absolute favorite dishes on the menu: Diver Scallops and the Paella Bellota. I tried the Pulpo last week and thought that was pretty solid too. 

This is one of those places where you may come in for just HH and find yourself staying for dinner.
Here's the thing. You can either go and spend a hundred bucks per person a la carte and walk away hungry or you can order the tasting menu and leave full and happy. 

We chose the latter last night for a birthday dinner. It was unreal. 

We started out with charcuterie and cheese, which was all pretty run of the mill, but I love cured meats and cheeses, so run of the mill is AOK with me. I believe we had 2 types of salami and 2 types of ham (you could upgrade to jamon iberico for a fee), and three cheeses, la peral, a french goats cheese, and something else that I don't remember. That came with quince paste (meh) and honey. 

Then we had serrano wrapped figs which were fine, but the figs were so sweet that we all had a really hard time tasting the ham (the best part IMO).

And then the food didn't stop coming. Lobster and beef skewers, pork belly and cucumbers, cod and cockles, and seared rack of lamb. 

For dessert we had almond cakes and flourless chocolate torte. 

We drank pretty heavily the entire time, enjoying our tempranillo and JW black with a beautiful Rose (suggested by our waitor) with dessert. 

Go, linger, and enjoy. We closed the place up last night. 

xo
I did an extensive research on Tinto Yelp page to see what people recommended from this famous Jose Garces restaurant, and then tried the TOP 5 dishes that people seemed to like the most. 

Sopa de castano (truffle chestnut soup with duck & mushroom, etc) was perfect. Rich base with tender duck meat and mushroom. I think this was my favorite and it's strongly recommended. 
Next runner-up was Diver Scallops. I had similar dish from Le Bec Fin during the Restaurant week but this could definitely top that - with shaved apple, bacon and some sauce which got rid of "too fishy/oceany" taste of scallops. Good portion, too, as well as the soup.
Duck confit and Pork belly Montaditos were great, however, I favor Duck over Pork.  I loved the flavor combination of duck meat, spread AND a CHERRY! They were too tiny,though. If I were starving, I would've been devastated. @.@
Lastly, Bomba Rice. mMmM~ so moist! It had good flavor and texture with mushroom, rice and lemon oil. Sorta like risotto. They brought this out at the end and I was so disappointed in myself for not being able to finish it. 

Both the service and the atmosphere were AWESOME. The only reason of why I am giving 4 stars:: the portions. Portions were TOO SMALL unless you knew exactly what to order. It would be OK for a couple, but for a family this place could be more expensive than a steakhouse.
Tinto, finally I try thee.

I know we don't really need any more Tinto reviews, but I just want everyone to know I went.  It's so fashionable, right?

I've been meaning to get to this trendy hot spot for a while and the September restaurant week was the motive to finally make it happen. 
I went with 4 friends and we all had a great time.  The dishes were all good, though a few were a bit salty. I am not sure if it's the later dishes that were salty or more a cumulative thing but we picked up on a salty tendency of the kitchen.  All in all though, we all agreed that the food was great and we each plan to return for more.
OK, I hate to rain on everyone's Tinto Parade - and maybe I am overly critical - or maybe I just went too early in the game (I went 1 week after  they opened).  I am writing this review months later.  Or MAYBE I am just a jaded ex-NYC chick who can't tell good food when she tastes it anymore?

But, I was distinctly underwhelmed by the dark decor, lackluster service and overhyped food at Tinto.  Yes, there is true Galician cuisine to be had here - which is a rare and refreshing change.  The selection of cheeses and pork products (alas, i don't eat piggie meat) are awe inspiring - as are the tremendous prices for the small, small plates.  I do commend Jose for finding true authentic regional Spanish specialties like Membrillo and other accompanyments.  For that you should really get the 4th star.

For lunch - by myself I had the $16.00 grilled lamb chops (whic, indeed, were grilled to perfection - but HECK - I coulda made that at home.)  I also had the White asparagus gazpacho - which was a true disappointment.  It was far too rich - almost like eating a bowl of cream.  The pluche was the best part - microgreens - the only gree to be found in my $30.00 lunch (with NO BEVERAGE.)

Sorry Jose - but for the master that you are - I should not have to pay $30.00 for a single lunch *(no dessert, no drink) to sit at an elevated (and un-comfortable for short people), hard wooden stool, at cramped tiny tables.

Service was OK - but so NOT friendly.  I cam in a 12 noon on the dot and had the place nearly all to myself.

I have not since returned.  I grill a damn fine lambchop myself.

I wanted to love it here - and in theory I do - but in reality - I just CAN'T.
P.S.  If you are Kosher-ish or don't eat Pork or Shellfish - you may want to pass.
We went for restaurant week, and based on our experience we probably won't be back. 

I LOVE Garces' restaurants, and this is the first time I went to Tinto. Restaurant week is a love/hate kind of relationship, and was really hoping to get a bang for my buck here.

We did the wine pairing which was a decent deal, but the food fell very short. Can't remember one course and that's not like me at all! 

Service was awful. They were running a little late (which wasn't a problem since it was a Friday night and we didn't have any other plans). We sat at about 11pm, and the moment we sat down our waiter was rushing all over the place. That's the thing that's gets me about restaurant week, the servers know they are guaranteed a decent tip so they may not turn out like they usually do. He took our order quickly and literally brought almost every dish out within 10 minutes. We felt so rushed that we didn't even enjoy the food.


For spending about $250, we were thoroughly disappointed and I will probably never return. 


Why can't restaurant week ever prove me wrong?!
I would have rated this place 4 or 5 stars except we had this very off-putting experience.... and at this point want to put 0 stars, except you can't, but let me tell you the whole story. 

6:30 reservation for 4. First person arrives on time, I was 10 minutes late (because their web site directions are so messed up - I'm not sure how they could be more wrong - sue me, I'm from Chicago and was driving, but the directions were REALLY F%$ked up). I was supposed to bring person #3, but she was ill and couldn't make it (which I told the person who seated me). Our 4th person was going to be late - his aunt passed, and the funeral was that day. 

So we also told our waiter, and he was happy for us to wait, but we 2 who were there said we'd order, and he'd just join us for a drink or maybe one or two things. We ordered a nice bottle of wine, one thing to try, and then were planning to order more. The waiter came by, but only refilled our drinks and headed off. We actually wanted to order more food, but didn't get the chance. 

At this point it was around 7:15 and our friend was stuck in traffic, but expected to be there maybe 7:30. And the manager came over. And told us that he had a reservation for the table at 8:30, and that if he'd known our friend was going to be so late he wouldn't have taken the reservation. Which I had made weeks before. 

Now, it's not like we were just sitting there. Plus it's a tapas bar! It's also not like you have to be there for appetizer, entree, dessert. He essentially told us to get up and get out! NOT the way to handle it. If we were still there at 8:30, and they needed the table, they could say "you know, we need the table and were wondering if you'd mind if we reseated you at the bar?" But to tell us over an hour before they need the table that we have to hurry up?
GREAT for lunch.  I had the salad/sandwich combo.  Both my salad and sandwich were interesting, especially for their use of ingredients.  The salad had asparagus and avocado, which were nice touches.  My steak sandwich was pretty much perfect.  I'll have to come back for tapas.
Definitely recommend making reservations to even go to their happy hour. Tried to wing it on a Friday and even the bar was jammed packed!! 

But once we were able to catch a spot in the bar area I was really happy. The bartender's service made the visit excellent. He was so attentive with our drinks and plates which was highly impressive since it was so busy. 

The chef also gave us some complimentary Brussel sprouts and some mini bread that came with a dipping sauce that had a good kick. Both were so delicious and it made me more excited to try their food. We ordered the mixto cheese tapas, duck confit, lamb, and the pork belly. My favorite that I recommend would definitely have to be the lamb. 

Looking forward to going again to try out their other tapas and hopefully getting reservations on time.
Tinto is just splendid.  GET THE CHICKEN BROCHETAS - simple dish, yet the garbanzo puree is pure genius.

I love this place.  Tapas galore.  The menu here is fun, and welcomes shared plates.  The drinks are unique.  The menu has variety.  

Only downfall - the prices aren't always worth the platter content.

Try Amada in Old City.  This pearl is equally charming.
Another great Jose Garces tapas restaurant (check out Amada too)!  Try the Mar y Tierra - lobster and beef on sticks, Crab Canapes with avocado, beef tenderloin, and wild mushrooms!

Other dishes I weren't too crazy about... duck confit canapes, revuelto de cangrejo (scrambled eggs, bacon, crab and peas), and scallops.

I've been here twice now and will definitely come back!
Reservation for 7:30. Waited 35 minutes for the "table to be prepared."
Upon being seated, no attention for 5 minutes. Awesome.
Zero sense of warmth or welcome.
The feeling that you should be thankful that they so graciously allowed you to dine with them.
Yes, the food was good, but enough with the cutesy (read: miniature) portions. Not asking for the typical American ration, but the morsels "presented" took tapas to a whole new low. 

Oh. And a $13 Kettle One on the rocks? C'mon. That's a third of what a whole handle of Kettle costs. I know beverage markup is where restaurants make their money, but this was just absurd.
We are fans of  the sister properties 'Chifa' and 'Amada'........ would Tinto deliver as well? Hell yes!  The food was delicious and we had great service.  It was all Pro's  and just one Con. 

The Con: The red Sangria. We did not like the Sangria, it tasted watery/bland (it did not have that 'fruit marinating all day' flavor to it). Come to think of it, we didn't like Chifa's Sangria either...... Yet, from what I remember, we did like Amada's Sangria...... go figure. I hate to admit it but many New York City  restaurants seem to make better Sangria than most Philly spots.

The Pro's: everything we tried.  Here is a few we had:

- Pulpo: the spanish octopus was exquisite.
- Organic Chicken: yeah, the chicken was super tasty but the accompaniment of foraged mushrooms....... effin' fantastic! 
- Wild Mushrooms:   (see above) we liked them so much we ordered a plate full
- Duck: duck confit, serrano ham, black cherry, la peral spread...... Yum!
- Arugula: we always order some type of salad in-between courses, it kind of cleanses the palate, this salad delivered.
- Chuleta:  berkshire pork loin..... the salbitxada made it happen!

Our server was great. Our water glasses were continually  refreshed. Our courses were spaced-out/timed perfectly. The price points were as expected.

Note to chef Jose Garces: We realize that you are expanding your empire at a feverish pace (California........ the 3 restaurants opening at the same time at the Revel casino, damn!). All we ask is that you stay grounded and keep an eye on your Philadelphia properties, we want them to have longevity. That is all. 

Thank You 

Ken
WOW- All I did was go in here to buy a gift card and the people were so friendly and helpful.  You would've thought I was giving them an 8 million dollar donation towards cancer research.  Cannot wait to go back and enjoy the food sometime with a friend and will update this post when I do!
Meh. After dining at Amada (owned by the same people) tapas anywhere else are just mediocre. Cool atmosphere nice place for small groups or just one other dining partner - not the place for groups. Though the downstairs was kinda cool and maybe nice for a few people. Everything was OK, not worth the hefty price. If you want to do the luxury-tapas-awesomeness-treat-extravaganza pass this place for Amada.
Service was great and prompt, but the food was extremely overpriced IMO, especially after having experienced much of the food I saw here (and more) as an everyday, common occurrence from a long visit to Spain, minus the hefty price tag. I should note that my experience probably biases my review a lot, as I've noticed a lot of really good ratings for this place.

Most of our pintxos (like tapas but usually consists of food on a crust of bread + toothpick) and tapas were priced around $12 and came on 1 plate w/ 2 pieces of food, which is incredibly pricey at about $6 per a small helping of food on a single bruschetta-sized crust of bread. It would be understandable if the flavor and ingredient combinations were particularly innovative/tasty or unique, but it wasn't.

Presentation of the food was good though, and the interior was nice and stylish. Everything was cooked well and on point + ingredients were high quality, but ultimately I left with the impression that none of the dishes were particularly tasty or interesting to justify the price.

+ Kobe beef montaditos - wagyu beef is really not supposed to be cooked very much, because that completely defeats the purpose of having wagyu in the first place (nicely marbled fat in meat, which obviously gets destroyed if you cook the real thing). Tender and rich, but nothing special and the fact that it was fully cooked = trendy justification of high price tag for low taste. 

+ Dungeness crab croquettes - bland, including the sauce accompanying it

+ Brussels sprouts - had a diversity of ingredients thrown in but nothing super special. Couldn't get any flavor notes of the black truffle 

+ Paella special - rice was pretty flavorful

+ Jamon bocadillo - the real deal Jamon, but the serving was so small and sparse it was nearly ludicrous that it was $14

Price is not usually a huge factor in a meal for me, as long as I feel like I'm getting what I'm  paying for. In this case, even though the quality and presentation were nice, at the end of the day none of the dishes stood out in particular and weren't that tasty either, relative to what I've had before.
Whenever I travel with my boss, I'm usually tasked with finding interesting restaurants to have dinner. The good thing is that while she is a vegetarian, she does not picky. As long as there's something that sounds yummy, she's down.
 
I picked Tinto because they offer a ton of options. We could order a few tapas and split them, if I picked something without meat or fish. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation and were seated right away. Our waitress was phenomenal and gave my boss a wonderful wine recommendation. She really, really knew her stuff. This seems to be a trend in Philly restaurants and we really appreciated it.
 
Things we had:
Arugula w/ serrano ham (on the side), fig, fried goat cheese, almonds, Sevilla orange vinaigrette
Pulpo w/ smoked green olive aioli and spicy tomato
Serrano Ham-Wrapped Figs
House Smoked Marcona Almonds
Green Beans w/ haricot verts, almonds, dates, orange, paprika, and sherry vinaigrette
Patatas Riojanas
 
The octopus was phenomenal. I also really enjoyed the green beans and the arugula salad. Our waitress was really nice and made sure we knew the potatoes was coated in a chorizo powder sauce and put it on the side.
 
Dinner was great and my boss raved about it for the next few days. Win for me!
Tapas from a Happy Hour perspective at the bar - Outstanding

House Wines at $5.00 - I had the white. It was crisp, cold, dry and very nice. My wife had the red, very good with none of the vinegar undertones you many times get with happy hour selections. Remember this is a $5.00 glass of wine...

Happy Hour $5.00 tapas selections.

Jamon Serrano - Absolutely Delicious Serrano Ham and nice balance with the cheese. A favorite.
Marinated Baby Beets, Goat Cheese -  Nice but a bit dry and bland.
Chorifrito - Chorizo & Beef Slider - tasty very tasty, great balance between the beef and chorizo.
Pimientos De Padron - Real nice Padron Peppers - at first we were taken back by the large portion but these delicious peppers ended up being a great compliment to the other dishes as we ate them intermittently with the other small plates.

Very impressed so we moved off the happy hour menu to regular menu 

Pulpo - Spanish Octopus - Being of Greek decent, a bit overcooked and dry at first, but coupled with the Aioli sauce, it was delicious and I would order them again and again.

LAMB CHOPS - Cooked to perfection with roasted onions in an amazing and powerful red chile sauce - I am still thinking about them. I'll hold off on ordering two glasses of upscale wine and order these again in a heartbeat!

Service - the bartender was very efficient. The plates came out quickly. Excellent.

Overall - Again this is from a Happy Hour perspective - if you like tapas this place was amazing. Although we spent well over $100.00 because we went off happy hour menu on the food and wine, you could easily walk away from here for well under $100.00 and have an experience worthy of a much higher spend.
I was looking for a place to hold a dinner for 20 of my closest friends in Philly.  Being an out of towner, it was really a gamble on the quality of restaurant I would get by not knowing how the food tastes or the ambiance.  A friend had mentioned that she went to Tinto before, so I decided to check things out.  I really can't say enough great things about Tinto.  They are part of the Garces Group restaurants, and if the other restaurants in that group are half as good as Tinto, I will definitely try them out.  When I contacted the coordinator, she was very helpful and provided all the information needed.  She made it a point to let me know the chef is flexible, so if I didn't like something on a per-fixied menu, I could alter it some.  It was also great because we had our own private room (you have to go up some stairs to get there) and with the private room we had our own private bathroom.  Our server was very attentive which was impressive due to the size of my group.  Another plus about hosting a dinner here is that there was not a large minimum food/beverage fee like there were at other places I researched.

Now on to the food..it's a Cuban tapas place.  There were numerous menu options to choose from which varied in price.  I chose the 'Bilabno' menu.  A few of my friends don't eat pork (a major staple in Cuban food), and it was great because the chef prepared an alternate dish for those people while the other people in the group enjoyed the dish with the pork.   There were 4 courses with a few items presented with each course.  I don't eat lamb, but I thought, hey, maybe I'll just give it a shot.  The Cordero Brochette (lamb loin, eggplant, bacon  with sherry jus) was quite possibly the best thing I have ever tried.  I was so shocked!  Everything else was cooked to perfection and very flavorful.  If there was one warning I would give to you, it would be to try to switch out the dessert option.  It's the same no matter which menu option you choose from which is the Cuajada (olive oil panna cotta, grapefruit and whipped honey).  No one in my party liked it.  It was a weird ending to a delightful meal.
5 Stars!!! An explosion of flavor in every bite. I've dined here well over a dozen times. The tapas menu is interesting and has a nice variety. I've dined here over a dozen times--usually at the bar--and it never disappoints. The only negative I might have is that some of the plates are much smaller than at Amada, the sister restaurant. So for a group of five, we felt like we had to order, and order, and order. So I might recommend going with a smaller group--or alone (the bartenders are very friendly and love to talk about the food). Be warned--it gets very busy, so even a solo trip to the bar might be impossible right away. The squid, the kobe beef consomme, the cheeses, and of course the goat cheese dessert are some of my favorites. Wines are well-selected and priced right. 

They have expanded--yay!
We had a tasting menu for two, which is actually a pretty good deal ($55 per person) considering that Tinto is a Garces establishment. A lot of the dishes were heavy on smoked (spicy) pepper flakes and also paprika. They were good, but it seemed like it was on every dish.

I never really understood getting cheese plates and salami dishes at a fancy restaurant unless the restaurant actually made the cheese or salami (or it comes with restaurant made pate or mouse or something). For example, Amis actually makes their own salumi...I can see the point of trying that. But if they were to serve something they buy themselves...what's the point? I can buy expensive cheese and meat and slice at home myself (or have it sliced at the cheese shop and put it on fancy plate). Is it just me who thinks this way? Same thing with the olives.

Good dishes (I was a bit tired and the music made it hard to hear the waiter, so paraphrasing the names here...):
lobster and steak on skewer (lobster was sweet and steak was tender)
duck on toast (duck was really nice. not too fatty or gamy, yet not dry at all)
mussels with spicy fries (fries were a bit too spicy though)
Chocolate flourless cake (you can't really go wrong here)

Not-so-good:
Grilled seabass with salsa verde (salsa verde was just okay) though seabass was nicely cooked
Cockels were covered in salsa verde, so I couldn't taste the natural brine of the seafood.
Sausage with french lentils: lentils were excellent. Sausage was just salty and lacked umami.
Pretty cake thingy for desert...not sure what they were but they were just alright. It was pretty when it came out.

The ambience of Tinto was a bit weird. I didn't really like the club-like, bass thumbing (though it wasn't that loud) music. You feel like you're at a lounge rather than at a restaurant. It's just a little too trendy for my taste even as I'm sitting there wearing my christmas-gift velvety BR dress sportscoat.
I can't get on board with Tinto for two reasons -

1. I'm simply not a fan of tapas.

2. The first time I ever had octopus was here, and it was one of the most memorable experiences (in a bad way) I've ever had. The plate that came out was straight up tentacles, little suction cups and all. I'm not used to eating gummy legs unless they're fried, you can call me amateur, but it grossed me out right away. Anyway, when I clamped my teeth down for a chew the leg shot from one side of my mouth to the other. It was so hard and inflexible. I gave it another chance, chewed again, and the same thing happened. I could not make a dent in the thing. So I spit it out into my napkin (which I never do). A friend I was with advised me that the technique was to simply swallow and not chew...my theory is, if you have to swallow food like a pill, maybe it's just not edible.

Anyway, this was definitely a "meh" experience. The dessert was good. The food was too scarce. And the octopus was frightening.

Pass.
We stopped in here to grab a drink and some bits after bar hopping after work.
We were able to grab the window seat by the bar.  The restaurant was adorn in dark wood, tealights and has a sultry mysterious feel to it. I have to comment on how impecibly clean our flatware and wine glasses were, I normally don't notice this sort detail unless they are glaringly dirty, but it was pristine! A huge thumbs up!
Our waiter while nice, was MIA for most of our time here, but luckily we were close enough to the bar, that we could flag down the bartender when we needed.

 I agree with another reviewer when she mentioned how large the plates were compared to the portion. I had the pulpo ( but the octopi was engulfed by the massive plate.  
They have a wonderful selection of cheese, the Aged Manchego is one of my favorites. The Sangria is large and goes down way to easily. I have never had the pleasure of having dinner here, but our pit stop intrigued my palette.
However, if I had to chose between Tinto and Amada, it would have to be Amada, hands down.
For my second restaurant week dinner of the week, a group of friends and I made reservations for Tinto, wanting to cross another Garces off our lists. When we we arrived, we were unfortunately given the booth table by the door. Throughout our meal, the continual opening and closing shot drafts of cold air our way and definitely affected our experience. In the future, I would definitely stray away from that spot during the winter months.

We decided to start the night off with drinks, ordering a pitcher of white sangrai for the table. Sweet and subtle, it was a great way to wet out palettes before diving right into the menu. The fruit was perfect sized for sangria and the peach undertones made the concoction extra tasty. 

For our couses, I decided to go with chorizo pamplona and jamon serrano for first, pork belly montadito and moules basquaise for second, and cuajada for dessert. First course was not especially filling but pretty tasty. The sliced ham had the saltiness and flavor I love from cured meats, although it could've been a little more tender. It was hard enough biting through it with the bread that came with it. They were also served with an egg salad, which to be honest was a little bland. Not exactly sure what its purpose was.

The second course was also fairly mediocre. My pork belly was a little tough to chew on, but the combination of flavors was spot on. I was a huge fan of the apple, giving it a nice crisp crunch and sweet finish. The mussels were just disappointing. Not only was it very salty, but to me, it just tasted like mussels soaked in a tomate-based sauce. There was not much depth to it and I was not impressed at all. Even the accompanying toasted bread was harder than normal to bite into.

Dessert was the redeeming course of the meal. The custard was so rich and so creamy. I was slightly worried about the pepper, but I enjoyed up loving it. It gave it a nice tinge aftertaste, while still remaining very smooth. The pistachios were a little bulky and a little on the salty end, but the toffee bits really made it for me. I could eat cups of this custard all day.

Service was great. Our waters were never empty and they came by the table frequently, making sure our meals were satisfactory, refilling our sangria, and being overall attentive and not overbearing.

Would I come again? Yes. I tried my friends' entrees and some of them were exceptional. The merluza en salsa verde was divine. The fish had the perfect amounts of crisp, tenderness, and flavor. The duck montadito was also much better than my pork belly. I think I just have the worst of luck with decisions :/

Pros: ambiance, variety of menu, attentive service
Cons: hit-or-miss dishes

Dishes to try: jamon serrano, cuajada, merluza en salsa verde
Dishes to skip: moules basquaise
