Stumbled upon this place for happy hour tonight, and what a treat! Whereas most places in the city force you to jostle for a spot at the bar if you want to take advantage of the happy hour deals, the host here happily sat us at a table (a pretty big booth, even though there were just two of us). The deals were pretty solid; $3 "frosties" (frosted mugs filled with draft beer, any of the varieties on tap) and a food menu that included pretty delicious, vegetarian-friendly nachos served in a little cast iron pan. 

The interior was clean, bright, and funky; definitely a cool place to hang out. The staff was great, not too intrusive and didn't complain that we sat for a while. There are pretty good specials throughout the week, like $1 tacos on Mondays (think Mexican Monday instead of Taco Tuesday).  There's also a nice big booth in the back for groups, so I look forward to bringing some more friends next time!
Tio Flores' has a great vibe. The place is on the smaller side, but between the community tables and the bar, they can certainly pack in a good number of people.  I recently had dinner here and my party of 2 opted to be seated at the bar. I'm not really a fan of community tables. Only parties of 3 or more seem to get their own table or booth.  

We ordered the Lentil and Cauliflower Tacos.  These are surprisingly good!  Way too many restaurants end up "butchering" vegetarian options, but Tio Flores got this one right.  My husband ordered the Tio's Big Burrito.  A word of caution that after adding Pork and Cowboy beans a $11 burrito can end up costing $17.  And despite the name "Big Burrito," their burritos are small, but do come with a little salad. 

They offer weekly specials such as $1 Taco Mondays and some nice happy hour specials.
I'm going with four stars after two experiences. The first was a couple weeks ago. We arrived in time for happy hour and enjoyed several delicious and well-balanced margaritas. We ordered chips and salsa and, since we couldn't decide between the two, guac and black bean hummus. All three of these starters came with the same tortilla chips, dusted in a salty (albeit tasty) seasoning. I would love to see different chips (plantain, yuca, etc.) served with the guac to shake things up. I'd order the guac again but probably not the salsa, unless they switched it to more of a pico. The salsa was very similar (if not the same?) as what is served with the tacos. I'd also really love to see a lighter starter offered, like a shrimp ceviche.

Tacos are definitely the star of the show, and we especially loved the carne asada with black bean puree. The fish taco was nice, and the shrimp taco was very good. Our dinner rang in around $100 - pretty steep on a weeknight. The happy hour takes out some of the sting but cheap Mexican this is not. 

Fast forward a couple weeks later to when I was home and craving tacos. I noticed Tio Flores on a delivery service and decided to go for it. Delivery can be a tricky beast but I was pleasantly surprised when my shrimp tacos arrived in immaculate condition. They were excellent and the corn tortillas held up well. I was happy that there were a couple sides of salsa included. 

I can't finish this off without mentioning how much I hated the chairs in the dining room. They are extremely uncomfortable! Next time, I'm going for bar seating or a booth, if possible.
Tio Flores' has become our favorite Monday night hangout with their $1 Taco Mondays starting after 6:00 pm.  Get there either on the earlier side or after the dinner rush, because it fills up.  

The Lentil and Cauliflower, Chicken Gringa, and Pork Carnitas are the best!   The Lentil and Cauliflower are surprisingly good!  Way too many restaurants end up "butchering" vegetarian options, but Tio Flores got this one right.  

The restaurant has a great vibe. The place is on the smaller side, but between the community tables and the bar area, they can certainly pack in a good number of people.  Only parties of 3 or more are seated at their own table or booth.  

We've also had dinner here and my husband ordered the Tio's Big Burrito.  A word of caution on the Burrito that after adding Pork and Cowboy beans a $11 burrito can end up costing $17.  And despite the name "Big Burrito," their burritos are small, but do come with a little salad.
F and I came in after Philly Dance Day. I was so hungry and hankering for cold refreshment.
All the booths were taken so we nabbed two seats at the bar.
I wanted good old fashioned margaritas. So we ordered a pitcher for $29. They were tasty but not too boozy. We did finish the whole thing.
F and I split and order of al pastor tacos, and nachos. Both dishes hit the spot. 
The service was prompt and attentive. The Longest Yard with Adam Sandler was on the telly...we were completely satisfied.
Tio Flores won't rock your world, but it's a good spot for reliable food and drinks.
I'm on a review update kick and Tio Flores is up! I popped in for happy hour on a Monday and was pleased to see so many great HH specials and menu changes. The menu seems much more approachable and wallet-friendly than what I remembered from my last visits several years ago. 

Happy hour is a bargain with house margs at five bucks. You can upgrade to a flavored marg or one with a smoked salt rim and mezcal float for just $1.50 more. There are several bites offered at great prices, and we did a mix of happy hour choices and some stuff from the regular menu. The house guacamole is really fresh and I enjoyed the bits of jalapeño throughout. Same with the chips and salsa, which comes with salsa verde and pico. I love options! 

I tried the bacon and garlic shrimp tacos and found them to be overly salty and really messy. My husband went with the happy hour beef tacos which looked delicious. 

I love the open and airy feel of the restaurant, especially with regards to our seats at the bar by the open windows. That said, a trip to the bathrooms revealed some pretty questionable cleanliness standards. I actually used both bathrooms and they were equally gross - like they had gone through the whole weekend without being cleaned. 

Bathrooms aside, it was a mostly pleasant experience at Tio Flores and I'd gladly hit them up for happy hour again in the near future.
My Friday night dinner experience at Tio Flores was pretty solid! My boyfriend and I made an impromptu trip at about 8 pm, without a reservation. Although all the tables were taken, we were lucky to get the last two remaining seats at the bar! 

The bartender was quick to greet us, hand us both drink and food menus, and bring us cold glasses of water (which was much appreciated after the mile we had just walked over).

First decision to make: drinks. My boyfriend got a Modelo, while I chose a jalapeño margarita. A regular margarita will cost you $9, but I paid $1 extra for the spicy jalapeño. Sadly, I was not happy with my drink. Maybe I should have ordered a fruit puree flavored margarita instead of the jalapeño? Who knows. The only thing I do know is that I was hungry, so I just dealt with it and decided to move on to the food menu...

For appetizers, we decided on the chorizo guacamole and fried sweet plantains. Both were fantastic! You could tell the guacamole was fresh, and the chorizo was very flavorful with a slight kick to it. I also really appreciated the thick and crispy chips it came with to scoop up the guac! The plantains were fried just right! They were drizzled with queso fresco and lime crema which made them both sweet and savory. Delicious! My boyfriend said it was his favorite dish of the night!

For my entree, I chose the garlic shrimp quesadilla with pineapple mango salsa. YES is all I can say. I'm a huge fan of quesadillas in general, and this was by far one of the best ones I have ever had. The shrimp was very tasty and cooked perfectly. I got a piece of shrimp in every bite which tells me they did not skimp out on the seafood (YAY to that). After the delicious appetizers and mouthwatering quesadilla, I left very full and content!

The space is not very large, but cozy and comfortable. It's a fun and lively spot to grab dinner and a drink. Prices are a little steeper than usual when compared to your typical casual Mexican restaurants, but the food is worth it. I'm sure I'll be returning to this spot in the future. I would absolutely get a quesadilla again, either this same one or perhaps a different variation (the chipotle BBQ chicken with black bean salsa sounded great too!). I would probably skip the margarita though, and maybe pair my dinner with a sangria instead.
Tio Flores has a great vibe. The place is on the smaller side, but between the community tables and the bar area, they can pack in a good number of people.  Due to Covid, they also have set up a nice outdoor seating area. Inside, only parties of 3 or more are seated at their own table or booth. The restaurant tends to fill up, so either make a reservation or get their on the earlier side.  

My only gripe is that they've started adding an automatic 20% tip into the bill (regardless of party size) and including taxes in their calculation. 
 
On this visit, we went with the Chicken Enchiladas and the Quesadilla. Both items were really good. The portion sizes are average, so you don't feel overstuffed. However, if you are a big eater, you may be left for wanting more. 

As far as tacos, the Lentil and Cauliflower, Chicken Gringa, and Pork Carnitas are the best!  The Lentil and Cauliflower are surprisingly good!  Way too many restaurants end up "butchering" vegetarian options, but Tio Flores got this one right.  

My husband has also ordered the Tio's Big Burrito.  A word of caution on the Burrito that after adding Pork and Cowboy beans a $11 burrito can end up costing $17.  And despite the name "Big Burrito," their burritos are small, but do come with a little salad.
Despite my best efforts, I can't bring myself to enjoy Mexican food. I just can't. 
It wasn't a good Saturday to go out (long story!) However, the pleasing aesthetics colors captured my attention, but not so much my Palette. 
My first bite of my Tequila-Chipotle Shrimp taco, didn't taste as I expected. Not spicy nor smoky (nor even a tad tangy.) 
My tacos:
- Taste: Very average bland. 
- Size: 2 Shrunken tacos. Three bites max.
- Price: Overpriced. $10.00 for tacos and +$4.00 to make it platter (rice & beans).

Three Yelps.
Tacos: literally salty and shaped like tacobell. Not even joking.

Drinks are OK but overpriced.

I shouldn't spend $80 on Mexican food. Ever. 

(Disclaimer: I'm a Mexican from the south, so I know my shit.)
I have to admit, I have mostly gone here for dollar taco night so I can only speak to their tacos. However, they're awesome! Especially for $1. On mondays all night it's dollar taco night. It's a small restaurant and does get busy but it's worth it. They have at least 5 varieties including a vegetarian one. Great drinks.
Very tasty restaurant with a relatively spacious outdoor area, thanks to the corner they are found on. Inside looked nice, maybe next year! 

Cocktails were tasty and beer options were also solid. Food was very good but my tortilla was a little stale and I was kind of surprised by the portion sizes and prices. 

All in all, this is a spot for fun with friends over fantastic food- great location!
We ordered the nachos to split and they were delicious! We got them with chicken and it was a lot of food. The roasted peppers were also a nice kick. The cocktails though, is where this place shines. After leaving Austin, it was difficult to find a mescal drink I really liked. The El Fumador with the smoked salt rim and mescal and agave nectar was amazing. The blood orange margarita was tangy but still tasted really good. Will definitely be coming back to this place!
Stumbled in to this place on a weekday around 5.30. I was told I had to wait to be seated... fine. They seat me at 5.55 and the waiter doesn't come over for a few minutes. They neglected to give me the happy hour menu. The difference between a $5 margerita happy hour drink and a $12-14 of the same size is ridiculous! The waiter brings the menu over after my request and then tells me I can't have a HH drink because it's 6.02 now. WHAT?!? I ask politely for the manager. The manager comes over at 6.10 and tells me I can't even have one drink. Whatever. The taco's are over seasoned and small and over priced. Why would you ever pay over $12 for two chicken tacos. Like ALL Hawthorne restaurants, bad service, rude management, and overpriced mediocre food. 

Almost forgot. The place is badly designed. It's so loud that you can barely hear the waiter talk to you even when screaming. I can't believe that parents were subjecting their toddlers to that environment. Talk about bad parenting!!!

Don't waste your time. Go somewhere else.
Ahhhh I loved this fun place for HH! Philly isn't known for its Mexican, so it was fun to find this spot.

I came on a Monday afternoon with a couple friends because we the PHS beer garden doesn't open until 5 (boo). Inside, there are a few 4-top booths, 3 or so tables for larger parties. Everything was very clean (although they had just opened, so that may have had something to do with it). I especially appreciated whoever carefully organized the chairs at the middle tables to be alternating blue and yellow... made my mild OCD very happy! Music was fun - I'll bet this place was BUMPING on cinco de mayo.

Their HH includes $5 margaritas, $2 for chicken/beef gringa tacos, and various other discounted fare. Tacos weren't anything mind-numbing, but as a SoCal native who's a brat about her mexican food, I was pleasantly surprised that they were decent. And for $2, I really couldn't ask for more.

Prickly Pear margarita (+$1, so $6 on HH) was yummy, but very sugary - I would opt for something with a little less sugar and more tequila flavor (but maybe that's just me being a booze hound). They offer pitchers for $29, and lots of variations on margaritas. There's even a trist on an old fashioned that I would love to come back and try. 

Great deals, fun music, and very clean/cute inside... highly recommend, especially for HH!
I wish the energy level here matched the colorful allure. Tio Flores is right on a South Street West corner, not far from many of my preferred local haunts, like Magpie, The Cambridge, and the PHS Beer Garden.

While the interior was brightly decorated, the food and environment were lacking last Saturday. It was dinner time, yet there were plenty of open seats. We were told their one big booth was reserved, but no one ever sat there throughout our visit. Instead, our server led us to a communal table with fairly uncomfortable seats. The only other option was the bar, but the seats there don't have backs and I have a bad back sooo pass.

If you're into cocktails, margs, etc., they have a bunch of choices. I would have gone down that route if I hadn't been at a beer fest for most of the afternoon. I will say Tio's beer list is pretty solid. Lots of your usual suspects but also a handful of new-to-me brews, like Sixpoint's Jammer. I was pretty happy with my selection.

For my meal, I chose the Suiza Enchiladas (chicken, roasted tomato sauce, queso mixto, cilantro, pickled onion, corn tortilla, $13) after a confirmation of mild spice from our friendly waitress. I'd say the spice level is more like moderate, but I'm also the wimp who can't tolerate most spices so maybe disregard.

The dish itself was okay and a fair size. I wouldn't order it again, and I wouldn't order their tacos either (outrageous price for 2 of them!), but maybe I'd try a different app or entree.

Tio wouldn't be somewhere I'd consider suggesting in the future, but if a group is already planning to visit, I'd join. It's middle-of-the-road Mexican all the way.
An incredibly good experience. Carnitas were moist and flavorful. Hubby and I both agreed that fajitas were best we ever had anywhere. Mojitos were perfect and minty. Regular guac was a great starter nd the fried plantains were crispy and sweet and moist inside. We skipped the toppings because my kiddos usually like plantains simple. Everything was awesome. Def garners a repeat performance.
Happy hour specials from 4-6:30pm. Small but decent draft selection for $3 at HH, $5 margaritas (meh) and $6 sangria (also meh). They have a more extensive bottles and can beer menu, plus flavored margs and wines. 

For snacks we had the tecate battered street corn, the chips and salsa, house guacamole, and the mini nachos. Everything was fine but nothing to write home about. Worth it for HH but not sure I'd return during non-HH times. I'm interested in going on Mondays when they serve $1 tacos from 6p-midnight. 

Good spot for hot summer days. They crank up the air conditioning like woah. It gets really loud inside so if you're sensitive to that either avoid this place or go during non peak hours.

Fyi they sell beer to go.

Update: my roommate said their Caesar salad is excellent and their tacos are small but tasty. I would try this place again and get that.
We had a 7:00 reservation for our first visit (with out out of town guests) at Tio Flores. When we got there a little before 7 we were told by the host that our table would be ready in about 10 minutes. He also said that some people had been sitting at their tables for hours, but that they were getting ready to leave. 
About 1/2 hour later I approached the host and was told that there was still no table available and no indication that anyone was close to getting up. I asked him if we should think about finding a reservation elsewhere..and to my surprise he said yes...and so we did. No manager ever came over to try to make this right. 
Since this restaurant has so little regard for its customers, my first visit today will be my last.
When you pass by Tio Flores, it looks so promising. The ambience, the cute outside seating, the hustle and bustle of the restaurant...it makes you think that the food may be worthwhile here. 

However, this restaurant is unfortunately a steep price to pay for sub-par Mexican food. A dead give away about this restaurant's lack luster food is the fact that you have to pay for salsa and chips. A good Mexican restaurant should never make its customers pay for salsa and chips. That's like an Italian restaurant making its customers pay for bread! 

I got the rice and beans included with my tacos. The tacos were okay, but nothing exceptional. However, the thing that really floored me was how watery and mushy the rice was. It was honestly one of the most disappointing dishes I've ever been served at a restaurant. 

Do not pay the overpriced cost of going to a "cute" restaurant. Do not fall into the trap of paying for ambiance. Save yourself the heart break and go to El Limon, where you will be served great quality Mexican food at the fraction of the price!
I rarely will write a review unless I have been at a restaurant at least twice.  My daughter and I stopped in a few nights ago for a quick meal.  Surprise, it was happy hour.  Bigger surprise, the $5 margaritas tasted like they contained no alcohol in them at all.  We ordered tacos (I had fish) and a side of rice and beans.  I am a huge fan of rice and beans, and these were okay, although my daughter thought they were awful.  The fish tacos, however, were disgusting.  The tacos were soggy and the filling, including the fish, was absolutely tasteless.  I won't be giving this restaurant another chance.
Some of my favorite tacos in the city, just make sure you do it right on the corn tortillas. $2 happy hour tacos, either chicken or beef. What I like about them is that they are doused in salsa, and absolutely tasty. $5 margaritas that have a good pour and are boozy. 8 different beers on tap, and they also offer a $7 "Mexican citywide" which is a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila. Beautiful dimly lit restaurant, with a good amount of noise.
Excellent drinks, but completely terrible experience. My wife and I went for happy hour and took a couple entrees and deserts home for each of us. The wait staff were neither attentive or knowledgeable of the menu. But what really aggravated us was the stale $5 Klondike Choco Tacos they provided us for desert, selling us on "ice cream chocolate tacos". This explains the quality of their tortilla, which was clearly not made on site.

I've reached out several ways to the management over the last few days to discuss it with them without any response. This neighborhood is packed with better places. Go for the drinks, go somewhere else to eat.
I wish I loved this place, but I do not. Walked over for a early dinner and we were able to be seated right away. We tried to eat here before but there was a ridiculous wait. The restaurant is small with nice decor. Looks like the only 2-person seating they have is at one of their communal tables, or the bar. I didn't mind much, but if you prefer not to share a table with some strangers, you have been warned. 
When we were seated we were given the menu, at least 7 minutes went by before our waiter acknowledged that we were seated, even though we were at that communal table, where the couple two seats over received water, drinks and an app in this time. When he came back around he brought us water then left. We were ready to order by this time, at least order our drinks. So when he finally came back we placed our drink, appetizer and dinner order. I ordered the blackberry margarita. It was good, spot on margarita, no complaints. My boyfriend ordered a beer, don't remember which one, you can't really go wrong with a beer. We ordered the smoked papas bravas. They were good, a little salty, but tasty. I didn't try the aioli they came with they had some fresh green sauce on top and that was all they needed. I ordered the lentil and cauliflower tacos. They were blah at best. The menu says that the cauliflower is roasted, I can assure you they were not. The cauliflower was watery and had no flavor the lentils were well, lentils. No flavoring. I had them without the lime crema and queso fresco, so maybe that's were all the flavoring is. They were supposed to have a pico de gallo but they seemed to leave that off as well. I didn't get a lime wedge for my tacos either. Fortunately they have bottles of salsa verde (I think) and I was able to doctor up my bland, tasteless tacos. My boyfriend ordered the tamarind chicken, which he said was tasty. I tasted the rice and it seemed to have a lot of flavor. 
Since I was finished my 2 little tacos and he was still working on his meal I ordered a beer only to find out that they kicked the keg. Our waiter was nice enough, but not attentive at all. The drinks were good but there was nothing special about the food. Maybe I would return for Happy Hour
While waiting for a table to open my friend and I were able to get takeout drinks. I'm not a big fan of slushy drinks but I had the Miami Vice which was pretty good. For dinner I had the veggie burrito which was goodt and very filling. My friend said that the tacos were good, but could've used one more, the three weren't filling. But the atmosphere was nice, I mean you have a bird's eye view of south street traffic which keeps things lively. Our waitress was great (I am so mad that I don't remember her name). She was super busy, but very efficient and pleasant. I would def return here!
The vibes at Tio Flores was cool and was told that it was dollar taco night by the hostess. I ended up ordering 4 tacos, the street corn, and the chips & guac. Their chips and guac are definitely the highlight of the meal. I would definitely come and get them again; however, the street corn is not what I expected. Its deep fried and then placed in this sweet and sour chili sauce. I got the lentil and cauliflower and beef carnitas tacos. I thought these were just okay. 

One thing that I was disappointed about is that I was planning on ordering 2 tacos; and was forced to order 4 as a minimum and then was not allowed to take the rest home. Nowhere on the menu did it mention that 4 tacos were required nor that I would be unable to wrap these up if I didn't finish them. The dollar is not the issue here, its the fact that the food was already paid for and would be trashed either way. So, in actuality seems like a waste as a business practice. Why force me to buy 4 tacos and then force me to throw it away? I'd rather buy 2, $2 tacos and rather not waste the food.
Just left and not super excited for this place. 5$ a taco plus 6$ for a tiny side of beans and microwave rice ( this is a lot for a inexpensively prepared Mexican side dish). Also the enchiladas are tasty but they are small and only come in a portion of two for $13. 

The margarita selection was extensive but the glasses could've been a bit bigger with less ice. 

Don't get me wrong. I like that we have more places to eat in this area; it's helping the neighborhood grow. But if you're going to spend this money on tacos you should to Washington ave for the real deal or perhaps el vez and have bigger portions for the same price. I know the manager won't read this but perhaps lower everything on the menu by 1-3$ and you'll have more satisfied customers.
Short version: Happy Hour is not worth it. But the food is good, so stop in for dinner!

I tried Tio Flores for happy hour last night (trying to avoid all of the St. Paddy's madness at the Irish pubs...), and thought it was pretty mediocre. If you're a meat eater or a margarita lover, you might have been more impressed.

The Happy Hour drinks were more than fairly priced - $3 draft beers, $5 margaritas, $6 sangria. However, the drinks are small. The margarita and sangria are served in tiny rocks glasses filled to the brim with ice before your drink is poured in. I don't drink margaritas, but my boyfriend ordered one and I'd say it was probably half the size of a normal margarita. The draft beer came in a nice frosted glass, but the glass was super thick so I'd guess that it was really only an 8oz beer. The red sangria was yummy, but again - tiny glass with lots of ice, so I finished a few of those really quickly without feeling a thing.

The Happy Hour food was also a little lacking for me... the chips and salsa came out on a plate with tons of chips, but only one ramekin of salsa. Huh? The tacos are only one taco per order - and at $5 that really isn't a bargain when you compare it to the 2 for $10 price on the normal menu. And the only happy hour tacos available are meat-stuffed - not good for someone who doesn't eat chicken and rarely eats beef. The cheese plate was all right, but even that felt a little "meh" - the bleu cheese was super pungent, the other cheese tasted like a block of american from the deli, and there was a massive mound of candied almonds - which were good, but I ordered a CHEESE plate so I was expecting more ... cheese! I ordered the shrimp tacos off the regular menu to try and fill the void that was in my stomach, and those were really good.

At the end of it all, our 2-person happy hour bill came to $57, which was a bit much. If the drinks were a little bigger and the salsa came with guacamole or a better "sharable" portion size, that would have saved us $20 right there because we wouldn't have needed to order a second round, and I wouldn't have needed to order the shrimp tacos. Though - no regrets, because the char on the pineapple and shrimp was perfect and I would totally come back for a light (or take-out) dinner.
Agree with the rest of the customers reviews. The happy hour prices were pretty good, but would probably not go back outside of happy hour - prices are steep. 

Food was good but portions on the small side. When I go to a mexican restaurant I expect to leave there with leftovers after having eaten a bunch of free chips. Not the case - left there pretty full but not stuffed - no leftovers. Also no pico de gallo - just a bunch of soupy sauces - I guess you can call these salsas. 

Solid 3 stars.
Smaller portions than some Mexican restaurants, but all very fresh and good quality.  Good variety and delicious margaritas (not that fake syrupy flavor).  I've had several of their menu items as I live in the neighborhood and have been a few times and would order all again.  
Great brunch too!
Good food, charming decor, friendly service. Tacos were excellent! Can't wait to go back for the margaritas and nachos. This is a great place for adults, not little kids. Add this place to your list of favorite hangouts in Philly.

I went again for after dinner drinks. The mixology is fun, creative, and absolutely delicious. Try the special margaritas. A shout-out to Chef Adrian for beautiful appetizers that are delicious and full of flavor.  Cornbread pudding is amazing!!!
Nice trendy new Mexican bar/restaurant. Like with its sister bar a block down, it's extremely loud, so be aware before you go that conversations will be difficult. The food is upscale bar style. The black bean hummus plate is two thirds chips. The flautas come on a bed of spicy salad. The "al pastor" taco was very good, with bits of pineapple and mango.

Also be aware that, although the staff did their very best to accommodate, this place isn't very kid friendly. From the cramped space, to the high chair that couldn't be pulled up to the table, to the lack of kid options on the menu. But it didn't look like most of the packed room cared about that.

The expand on the space, there's a bar at one end, a row of communal tables run down the center of the room, and the other side is lined with small four person booths. The decor is modern and we'll executed.

The sangria we got was good, if not necessarily cheap, and, as you would expect, given the ownership, they had beers on tap, although maybe not the extensive selection you'd expect at their other locations. Most beers on tap are Mexican rather than local. This is fitting, but maybe a little disappointing for a local beer snob.
Stumbled upon this place while looking for a brunch spot in CC that didn't have a ridiculous wait at noon on a Sunday - great find! 

Tl;dr: trendy venue, generous portions for good prices, great for brunch w/ no wait.

Venue is open, brightly colored, and clean. Staff is reasonably friendly. Of note: they can only split a bill evenly, so if you want to pay separately, request separate checks.

To start, coffee is $3.50 for a bottomless cup - yay!!

They've got a good number of vegetarian options, and a few vegan options. Everything is $10-14 - reasonable prices for generous portions! The best dish, in my opinion, is the Chilaquiles Rojos/Verdes. It's the biggest portion for the least price ($10), and I really enjoyed the sauce (I ordered Rojo), and perhaps this is the nature of the dish but it does get soggy after a bit - I personally didn't mind it. It's served on a hot griddle which keeps it warm. The other dishes are served in metal plates, so they got cold rather quickly. The Huevos Rancheros is a great option for those of you who prefer some crisp and crunch in your brunch - the layered tortillas stay crispy amongst the sauce and beans. Warning: we ordered our eggs on the Chilaquiles and Huevos Rancheros sunny side-up and they were a bit underdone (see photos). This didn't bother us but might bother some other people. Last but not least is Breakfast at Tio's - our vegetarian friend loved this w/ the tofu! The portion looks small, but is served with several soft tortillas that you can stuff, so it's actually a lot more food than it looks! She got her eggs poached and they looked great.
I was excited when I saw the work they were putting into this place around the corner from me. It's modern and feels like a cute neighborhood spot.

Unfortunately, my experience didn't match the expectation. I walked in and ordered the nachos to go one night as I was craving up a storm. Then I sat at the front of the restaurant waiting area and waited for the nachos to come. After a good 25 minutes, I stood up and asked about my nachos and I was told they were ready but that they thought I had left the restaurant...what?

Anyways even after all that, I was hoping for some delicious nachos and I will just say they're ok. Nothing to write home about and kind of pricey for what I got. I just wasn't impressed.

Conclusion - Cute decor, but it didn't seem like they had much more to offer. Maybe drinks?
Tio Flores is my new go-to for a Mexican themed happy hour. Hosted Monday-Friday 4:00-6:30, they offer $5 margaritas, small plates and other beverages which will make you happy! Their house margarita has not disappointed me. It is not too sweet, just right on the tequila, and a decent size. I really enjoy their guacamole as well. If you are on the hungrier side, the mini nachos are a perfect appetizer. I recently came here when it was unseasonably warm and they had the windows open, which allowed people to stand in/outside of the bar area and socialize. They have adequate seating here for groups, dates of two, or singles if you want to sit at the bar! This place is definitely in my Happy Hour rotation!
came here on a saturday afternoon for some tacos and margs. drinks and food were both great! great happy hour specials i saw on there. i wish the chicken tinga tacos had more flavor though but still good. i'll definitely come back to try the happy hour specials!
Love love love their watermelon sangria. Super refreshing and colorful. Their tortillas are heavily seasoned which elevates a standard chips and salsa order. Very tasty!
Luckily we live right across the corner from Tio Flores, so when we saw their Taco Tuesday deal, we knew we had to jump on it. For $22, you get 9 tacos and 6 beers - truly a steal! We placed our order on Monday night, just to ensure that they did not run out of this deal come Tuesday. We walked right over at our pickup time, gave our name to the server, and were handed our bag of tacos and bag of beer in seconds! Truly great service. I was also happy to see all the servers wearing masks and the prominence of hand sanitizer - definitely made me feel better about ordering from there!

In terms of food, the tacos are solid and good for the price - probably not the best tacos I've ever had, but for the deal, definitely can't complain. With the pack, you get 3 lentil tacos, 3 chicken tacos, and 3 carnitas tacos. The lentil tacos were good - they had a bit of spice and featured the lentils mixed with cauliflower and miscellaneous other veggies. The chicken also had a kick and these guys were pretty saucy - the filling barely held up in the shells since it was full of meat and the sauce. But still delish! The carnitas were probably my favorite, as the meat was the most perfectly cooked and the proportion of meat to taco shell was the most accurate. The shells themselves were soft shells and not overly flavorful, but they were a nice vehicle for the fillings. The beers were also adequate - a classic Spanish beer, so low alc percentage but very easily drinkable. And you get a whole 6-pack, so a great deal. Overall, you get a lot of food for the price and the tacos are good, but if you truly want a great taco, I probably would go elsewhere. But if you're looking for a good Taco Tuesday deal, then this is your place! 

I do want to make it back for other items on their menu and their drink selection, and since they are so close, definitely will be back! And I most likely will indulge in this Taco Tuesday deal again!
I'm giving two stars because I'm glad to have outdoor dining during covid, and because I understand that it's harder for restaurants and staff during this time. But the food was awful. 

We got the nachos, cauliflower-lentil tacos, and two drinks (a lavender one and a strawberry slushy one). The nachos were cold when they arrived - hard, congealed cheese, soggy chips. The tacos were better, but also cold and the tortillas soggy. The drinks were STRONG but not bad. The vibe and outdoor setting were great, but that was really the only positive about our visit. Heading back to El Vez next time.
This was the last time I will eat at Tio Flores. My girlfriend and I have been coming here for years and I don't know if there was a change in management/ownership but sadly the quality has really fallen off. 

The food before COVID-19 was great but the past two times I've gone it has been extremely disappointing. Maybe there's new cooks in the kitchen but the flavor of the food is now lacking in every way, the tortillas are grainy, and has been an awful experience

Additionally, they have started adding 20% gratuity to your bill without telling you so I double tipped for food my girlfriend and I could barely stomach.

I don't like leaving bad reviews but with how bad everything was I had to.
So on a whim after getting my haircut, I decided to go to this place that looked trendy and cool. nice open air restaurant with great decor. I ordered the Burrito with chicken and a side guac. I had this to go. I got home and saw the burrito came with a small side salad, a great surprise because I didn't remember reading that it did come with salad. 

The first bite into this burrito was really flavorful, chicken so tender, it's pulled and a hint of spicy. This was better than Cantina. The guac was really delicious as well and is better than Cantina and on the level if not better than El Vez. The sisde salad was fresh and tasty also with a hint of spicy. This place was a great on-the-whim choice and I'm glad. I'll definitely be back.
It saddens me that after such a nice stroll across Philadelphia, I find myself face to face with overpriced, dry tacos with dried fridge-style meat.

Must get: guac?
Meh: al pastor tacos, tio's margarita 
Missed: maybe carnitas tacos

This place is well loved by friends, possibly due to the happy hour deals and the $1 tacos. But for this yelper, who decided to visit its shop at 7pm on a Wednesday evening, I can guarantee that I will not return for any occasions unless they seriously change their menus. As starters, we got the classic guac and plantains. Despite the garnishes on the plantains, I don't see how simply fried sweet plantains should have charged that much money. The guac tasted freshly made, but for the amount of guac provided with an overabundance of average, cold, stale chips, I don't think it justified the $10+. Moving onward, the margarita, rather, the store's signature margarita tasted like someone dragged a leaky barrel of cheap tequila through the dead sea and placed a dried up lime as an after-thought. The tacos were the greatest disappointment. For $9, I received 3 single soft-shelled disappointments with the meat as tough as leather, dry as the desert and cold to boot. I could have counted the independent number of garnishes on all 3 tacos with two hands. At least the house sauce was able to provide some juices to each bite. Of course, my wife got the nachos that arrived much later than all of our meals, so she just sat as we ate our already cold tacos.

Unlike Ali Wong's hilarious comedy sketch, I left Tio's Flores feeling both emotionally and gastronomically abused.

Food: 1 star
Service: 2 stars
Price: 1 stars
Ambiance: 2 stars - I like the open windows during the summer time, but the music was a bit too loud.
Before I moved out of Philly, I used to love coming to Tio Flores for quick bites and great drinks, especially on less busy weeknights. Upon my return to the city, I was looking forward to picking right back up with Tio Flores, but unfortunately, my last two visits have both had shortcomings.

I recently stopped in for a weeknight dinner and ordered the fried avocado tacos, which were quite good. My dining mate had the fish tacos, which had zero seasoning - thankfully our order of guacamole was too salty so she used some of that to kind of salvage the situation. I then came again for a late weekend lunch with another friend - we had the fried plantains, which had a huge portion for the price ($8) and were quite tasty, and the guacamole, which again was too salty. 

Service both times was very slow. I think we spent about 45 minutes each time - it took a while to place orders despite the bar being almost empty, then it took a long time to get the check and pay. Food came out at a good pace, though they could do better at checking their seasoning levels.

Drinks are still good and the decor is still cute, but I don't know - a few years ago, it seemed they were super busy all the time. But now the crowd has gone elsewhere, and I can't help but think after my last two meals at Tio Flores that their decline in popularity is probably justified.
A great location with outdoor pandemic seating!  A great menu that had a page of specials. The tortilla chicken soup had a good flavor, and was spiced just right. The fried street corn is ridiculous...in a good way!  A slightly sweet cornmeal batter, with a smoked pepper crema and sweet chili sauce. So good. The service was a bit spotty, but passable. I like the fact that everything had just a little bit of spice, but not too much, and great bold flavors.
I was so excited to come here! A friend told me about their fantastic vegan tacos. 

I made a reservation for 7 people at 7:30PM but we got hungry around 6ish so showed up at the restaurant then. The restaurant was pretty quiet and luckily we were seated quickly. The manager was very nice and polite. Our server was not. She was clearly hungry or in a bad mood. As we told her our drink orders, she responded with surly ok's. We started with an appetizer of guacamole. It was really good! We were also given a small cup of salsa and rudely told "Only the first one is on the house." This server really had a way with words.

For dinner, I ordered the Lentil Cauliflower tacos. With the tacos, you're able to add rice and beans for $4 and make it a platter. I decided not to get the rice and beans because the meal came with three tacos. Our server got a little more cheery as the night went on but it fluctuated. 

The tacos were very dry and needed some sort of sauce. They were also very small and I ate them pretty quickly. I realized then that I should've gotten the rice and beans. I called the server over and asked if I could add on the rice and beans for the platter price of $4. She quickly told me no and that it was too late for that. I would now have to pay the a la carte price instead. This made me really annoyed. As the customer, she should've just quickly agreed. I then argued that I didn't know how small and light these tacos were going to be. She then told me how she would have to work it out with her manager and she would let me know. Frankly, I should've just been told yes instead of being argued with. About 10 minutes went by and out of nowhere she brought me the rice and beans. I was grateful but annoyed that I had to fight for them.

It's safe to say that I won't be back. The service was sub-par and frankly so was the food.
Good cocktails and decent food. I would only go to this place for Happy Hour, otherwise I would say its not worth the price. I do love their variety of margartias and other text-mex inspired cocktails. However, any place that charges for chips and salsa automatically loses a star in my book.
We came here for brunch, because we wanted to change it up from our go to American brunch's. The place is really cute, not very large, but big enough! We were able to get a spot at the bar right away and the bartender was very attentive. I like to try the guac at every Mexican place and this one was okay. There was a lot of cilantro in it. I ordered the Baja tacos, which was a good portion. It was good, but nothing special.
Last minute search for outdoor seating for four on OpenTable lead me to Tio Flores. The place looked nice and the servers were fantastic (friendly, attentive, etc.). Despite the photo (which makes the tacos seem so good), the tacos were just bad... the corn tortillas were cold and a bit soggy. The Al Pastor meat had a strange flavor... maybe left over meat? Not sure. The carnitas tacos were also bland.
Came after the half marathon with a group and we immediately were seated, good start right? We put in our order and then waited FOR SO LONG to our food. For a minute I thought I was just having post-race hangry feelings, but then someone else mentioned it too. Really didn't make any sense for our order to have taken so long. The place wasn't packed. They appeared to have plenty of staff. Our waiter took our orders, but never came back to check on us or let us know why things were taking so long (like the kitchen is backed up, we're short staffed, the stove caught fire, ANYTHING to acknowledge us there...). When our food did come none of us were super thrilled with it either. Not impressed.
I have eaten here a few times as I live close by so it is convenient for Mexican. In my opinion the food is just okay. I'm generally a picky eater, but always try things and find something I'll eat. Who can say no to a taco? They offer decent specials too if you can make it in the door. The restaurant is small and awkward. Every time I have eaten there, they seat our party at a communal table where I get elbowed or have no room to move my arms. I won't be going back after how rude they were the last time to me. My parents were in town so I called ahead to make sure they had space. They said we have 3 or 4 tables available now, but wouldn't take a reservation. We arrived 10 mins later and they were like sorry we are all full (snarky tone present). There was an empty 6-top communal table and the lady was like sorry someone called for that. Glad that persons phonemail meant more than mine. Poor customer service if you ask me. We ended up trying Illegal Tacos because it was close-by and those people were some of the nicest I've met and their for was much better than Tio Flores.
Tio Flores is a welcome addition to the Grad Hospital restaurant and bar scene! I've been several times and have to say they have improved significantly since they originally opened.

To start, I love the atmosphere. It's bright and colorful, with twinkle lights outside and plenty of open windows on nice summer evenings. They do offer some outdoor seating as well during nicer weather. 

I've also always really enjoyed the service here. Although not always the quickest, the servers are friendly, laid back, and usually pretty funny as well. I've seen them deal with some tough customers and they are always calm and respectful.

The drinks are great. I love the margarita options as well as the sangrias. They have great happy hour deals on drinks as well as appetizers. My favorite is the mini nachos - they pack all the amazing ingredients into a personal sized nacho dish for one! They also have an awesome dollar taco deal on Tuesdays that can't be beat. As far as their regular menu, I love the chicken and carnitas tacos, but am not a huge fan of the beef (a little greasy). I love the pico that comes with most of the options and also always enjoy their chips and guac.

Overall, a great casual bar to grab happy hour, dinner, or late night drinks and tacos with friends!
I give mostly high reviews but I only write reviews of places I love or hate. Tio Flores is one of the places I love! My husband and I discovered this place one day when wandering around CC. We have been many times now and even though we always seem to go when it is busy, we are always seated and served quickly. The food has always been wonderful, and I especially love the queso fundido. Drinks are also very yummy and I love the unique cocktails they have created. The decor is fun and the music is always great. Definitely recommend if you are in the area!
If you like overpriced, mediocre food that comes in small portions, this place is for you.
This is definitely a happy hour place more than anything.  Margaritas were very good but small.  Awesome, extensive beer selection (with frosted mugs!!!).  Prices are a little too steep and portion sizes are on the smaller side.  Glad to see a new restaurant in the area but will probably only be seeing me again for happy hour.
My wife wanted to give this place a try on her birthday because she works nearby and was always curious.
Got the papas appetizer and the corn appetizer, both were pretty damn good. House guac was totally flavorless. For mains, my daughter got the pork torta, which was edible but tasted very much like a bbq pulled pork sandwich. I got the churrasco, which was very tasty, but not worth $20. My wife, lover of chile rellenos, was extremely disappointed with hers. The ground beef filling tasted old and was seasoned like a Manwich. The pepper was almost raw, and was not breaded. My son's tacos Al Pastor were the worst he's ever had, and he has had A LOT. Flour tortillas, no cilantro or onion... The sides of rice and beans that my wife & son ordered ($4 per order) were bad. The rice was crunchy- totally undercooked, and terribly seasoned; inedible. The beans were not terrible. Oh, and I had to pay $2 extra for a few corn tortillas with my churrasco. Ridiculous. 
Waitress was pleasant, although slightly  inattentive, which was the least of the place's problems. Total bill was $106 - insanity. We definitely won't be back.
Great Margherita!! Drinks are great, our server was awesome however food is over priced for the small portions. I've had better authentic Mexican food elsewhere.  Small menu but like i said drinks are good. Our dessert (Churros) were burnt , left hungry. Probably won't go back,
OMG... Had high hopes for this place, but they quickly sank after I sat at the bar and watched the bartender pour my premium $14 cocktail from a pre-made batch- no it was not sangria if that's what you're thinking. Tacos aren't bad, so not a miss there, but sort of pricey. More of a happy hour joint for me.
Would love to give a glowing review but our experience tonight was so subpar. Had a couple drinks and guacamole at the bar and had more friends join for dinner. Bar service was great! Timely and the drinks were delicious! 

Moving to a table for dinner was a terrible decision. A round of drinks took 20+ mins. We waited over an hour for food and another 30+ mins for the server to figure out the check instead of letting us divide it ourselves and it was still not split like the server said it would be. The food was fantastic but not for the amount of time it took for a couple tacos. 

I've ordered pick up before and the food is consistently good. Just way too long for dine in service.

Overall not worth your time or $8+ for a 5oz margarita on the rocks.
Just stopped in for drinks with my girlfriend and I have to say the margaritas are the best!!! I had the one with cilantro in it and it was out of this world! I am looking forward to going back and actually eating here. If their food is as good as their drinks then I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant!
Amazing Chorizo Fundito , but they don't give you enough tortillas so you gotta order more. But worth it
Killer happy hour specials! Try the blood orange margarita for starters. Didn't get a chance to sample the food yet but I'll get around to it eventually. My companions they said the food was great, so I'll take their word for it. I can't wait until the weather gets warmer so they can start with the outdoor seating. This is certainly going to be my go-to place on South Street West of broad. The only drawback is the limited seating at the bar. Great rock and roll vibe.
We called ahead on a Saturday night figuring this restaurant would be busy.  Sara at the front desk took our call ahead reservation.  When we arrived we checked in and were given a pager.  After watching numerous customers coming in and getting seated immediately we check again with Sara and she said something went wrong and we were not  on the list--strike one, Joe the manager came over immediately and offered us a free appetizer ok-- when we received the bill, the appetizer was charged to us.  Charlie said it was another error and took it off immediately strike two.  Also, we had to wait a very long time for someone to clear our plates and had to get Charles attention strike three.... not sure if we will go back.
My fiance and I were very interested in trying Tios Flores since it is Hawthornes' sister restaurant. We ate here the week it opened and sat at the counter in the back of the restaurant. The restaurant itself is pretty small. The margaritas were good and the staff was very nice. We stared with the Nachos, which were good but something in them (couldn't figure it out) was pretty spicy.  We then shared 3 tacos...we liked the cauliflower taco out of the 3. The tacos were served with rice and beans (on the smaller side portion-wise).  The rice didn't taste like mexican rice, it had more of a sweeter taste to me. We ended with the churros, which were dressed with 3 different sauces (a chocolate, birthday cake type, and couldn't identify the other). We would give it a try but it was not the best mexican food in the city.
I've been here twice now. Once to drink late-night on a Saturday and another time for dinner during the week. The late-night drinking was your typical sit at a table and drink a few beers. Service was good and the decor was cute. I returned for dinner with my two friends around 6:45 on a Monday and was seated at a booth. We split the house guacamole and chips, both were fresh and tasty. For an entree I had the Gringa tacos (chicken) which came in an order of 2 hardshells. I'm not normally a hardshell fan, but these were good! Not too salty, perfectly seasoned and generously filled with lettuce, avacado, and whatever else they had in there. I didn't get the platter with the rice and beans, but my friends both did and they were fully satisfied. There isn't too much seating, so aside from the large table it the back it might be difficult to seat a large group here, but overall definitely a place I would recommend.
Love this spot! Strolled in here with a friend for drinks and we had such a great experience I have returned since. Their fumador cocktail is the best Mezcal drink I have ever had. However their margaritas are so so. Their fajita nachos are amazing and the serving huge! The atmosphere here is fun but relaxing and the service decent. I am definitely a fan of Tio Flores!
I chase tacos around town, especially if they're only ONE DOLLAR like Tio Flores' Wed/Thurs late night deals!  

For being only $1, these tacos are quite substantial and delicious, especially the steak. Granted, you have to wait till 10pm for the deal to start. However, for the right occasion, it's totally worth i.e. when several of my gal pals and I wanted to catch up and hang out even though we had dinner plans earlier lol. 

Ambiance is a-okay. They have cute colorful christmas lights that give off dive bar feels, but it's more low-key and charming with potted plants and window walls. 

It was only a slight bummer that they didn't have a late night HH drinks menu to couple the delicious tacos, but I'll take cheap tacos over cheap drinks :) All you night owls, get in on this deal asap!
I'm giving this 5 stars for what it is - upscale trendy but casual Mexican on South St. And it is GREAT to have a place like this on South St. Terrific option between the specialty BYOBs which usually mostly require reservations in advance and are more formal dinner, and the pizzerias, Founding Fathers, Cambridges. I was not expecting much based on some of the reviews and 3 1/2 star rating. Had a perfect Margarita (so picky about them) - just the house Margarita with Jalapeño-infused tequila and salted rim. We ordered chicken and beef tacos, both of which were very good. One reviewer  referenced the hard store-bought-like taco shells - not the case. They are crispy shells but unique and flavorful - house or specially made for the restaurant. Chips we of same type and very crispy, delicious. (They don't have the usual flour tortillas for the tacos. Not sure if they do for burritos or other plates). Guacamole outstanding and large portion. Nachos with chicken was very large serving - deal of the house it seems.  And really really good - not a soggy mess as nachos often are. The side table sauces were tasty too. We got a side order of rice and beans to go with tacos. Would be nice if this small side order just came with the tacos - would seem like a more substantial meal and better value. But overall, while It may be a bit pricier than your average Mexican, it was worth it for the vibe and ambience and quality of food and drinks. Definitely going back.
Went here for the first time last night and it was the rudest and most hostile service I have ever experienced. A group of us walked in a little before 11.  The bartender immediately informed us the kitchen was closed, which was fine for us since we only wanted some drinks before going out dancing.  There were just enough seats at the bar and we were walking towards them  when the bartender suggested a table instead. 
As we sat down the server comes up and states "its last call, you can only get one drink" and quickly walks away. He comes back and throws the menus at our table, making all of us feel like we were a burden. Like Sam P said, we know it sucks when people come in before closing but according to their posted hours, it was an hour before closing!
Almost everyone in our group has worked at various restaurants in the city and would never treat customers the way we we were treated last night. 
I hope the owner will learn to train their staff better but from reading other reviews and from talking to other people who work in the industry, he probably doesn't care to provide good customer service.
First and last time going here. Terrible service. Cantina is much friendlier and aware of their customer. Between the happy hour menu and regular menu and the dollar taco menu, I think they should figure out a better plan. Also if your dollar taco menu starts at 6, don't pass the menu out at 5:15. And that'll be a minimum of 4 tacos. Also thanks for the change of server halfway through our dining experience. I'm upset for not going with my original plan and going to Cantina for happy hour.
It states that it is open until 2am, but it's 1:19am and they said they were closed! But the staff was inside hanging out and talking about birds!
I went to Tio Flores a couple weeks ago on a busy friday night. The hostess was very polite, and told us space would be available soon, my friend and I grabbed some drinks and waited only a couple minutes until we were able to sit at the packed bar. The service was incredible, Mike was super friendly, quick, (cute) offered great recommendations (try the carnitas enchilladas!!!!) and even though he was running around the entire place, he was still very attentive and friendly. We didnt catch the name of the other bartender, but she was also super nice and friendly even with a packed bar. The environment was incredible and soo fun, although could be too loud for some. I cant wait to go back!!
I was excited to finally try this place that I've passed by so many times. I stopped in to grab some drinks and apps on a Thursday night around 10pm.

Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. First, they advertised dollar tacos. It isn't until you try to order that you find out that you actually have to order four tacos per person. So you and a friend can't even split four. You each have to order four.  Even if you were ordering them in addition to other food (which we did). They are so tiny, so it's not a ton of food, but it felt very dishonest. There was no mention of the four per person minimum until we began ordering. Four mini tacos for $4 isn't a bad deal, so I wish they would have just said that instead of using shady, false advertising. 

The service also left a lot of be desired. Our server was curt and unfriendly. For example, when she refilled our waters, she poured too much and it overflowed onto the table. While she did apologize, she just left the water there with no attempt to clean it up. She didn't even return with a cloth for us to do it ourselves. When she later checked to see if we needed anything, she didn't even stop at the table. She just asked us as she literally walked by our table.  

One good thing about this place - the chips were really tasty! They were great dipped in salsa and as a base for nachos. The lentil and cauliflower tacos were fine. Plain (like a salad in a taco shell), but not bad if you don't mind a healthier taste. 

I don't think I will find myself coming back here because of the misleading advertising (which honestly felt like it was just trying to take advantage of drunk people) and terrible service.
Came in after Founding Fathers down the block was too crowded for our family dinner out. We were starving and this was nearby. We've walked past several times intending to try it, so glad we finally did. The decor is festive and pretty and the music was great. Not loving the shared table situation but it's a small place so we get it. Drink menu looked interesting but pricey so we stuck to sodas. We started with house guacamole which was a fairly small portion for $10 but tasted really fresh and super delicious. The chips are dusted with a nice dry spice that reminded me of old bay. Really great with the fresh guacamole. Salsas on the table were excellent too 

The waitress seemed annoyed when we asked for flour tortillas instead of corn with our meals, but she took our orders of chicken tinga tacos, carnitas tacos and nachos. We ordered the rice and beans upgrade. I agree with most of the other reviews that this is a pricey meal ($17 for 2 tacos, rice and beans) but I disagree with the small portion size criticism. We had plenty of food, We all left full. I loved the presentation and the flour tortillas were definitely the way to go. 

Carnitas were probably the very best I've ever had and I order them everywhere. The pork was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The green rice was utterly delicious with a creamy unique flavor. Really good black beans with chopped onion and I liked that they are served separate so the foods don't combine on the plate. Our girls really liked their chicken tacos and my husband loved his nachos. He called them a very close second place to Los Camarades nachos, (which are the best in the city hands down). 

Overall I'd say the food and guac were far better than El Vez. Five stars on the food taste, quality, freshness and presentation. Four stars overall because of the shared tables and a bit pricey. 

We will definitely come back and it's no surprise the place was packed on a Saturday night. I hope it does well. It's a nice addition to the neighborhood.
Very convenient location for me and it does the job. Best margarita or best tacos? No. Tacos worth $1 each (Monday special)? Yes. No spicy margarita option on the happy hour menu, but I was fine paying regular price for a spicy marg ($9) knowing Monday tacos are $1. (Note: must get 4 tacos per person from a select menu, but you may pick and choose what 4 tacos you want.) I got two carnitas and two chicken. Both satisfied my taco craving. They were playing reruns from The Office on TV and the bartenders were friendly and attentive.

Looking forward to coming back to see if tacos from the regular menu are any different than the Monday special.
So I came here for brunch with some friends and this place was pretty good but not great. I went with three stars because they didn't do anything great. I got the fish tacos and they were pretty good but nothing special. 

My friends got the beef tacos and to our surprise they came in a hard shell without warning. Who serves tacos In hard shells? They crumbled right away and instantly became taco salads. #Fail 

Anyway, this place is worth checking out but won't be a go-to spot.
The food specials were good for happy hour. Unfortunately the waitress was rude and seemed like we were bothering her for simple things. She never said her name and we didn't bother to ask. She had a long low ponytail. Probably won't return because of her demeanor.
Mahi tacos are mind blowing and you can't go wrong with their margaritas! Really liked the spicy jalapeño margarita!
Came here on a Saturday afternoon to their perfect outdoor seating area. Things to note about how they're taking precautions during covid: all food is served on disposable plates, cups etc. and seating has been spread out along the side walks to give a safe distance. 

On to the food: I started with a piña colada and guacamole and both were delicious. The piña colada had the perfect ratio of rum to pinapple and the guacamole had a great amount of flavor. For my main I did the fish tacos and this is where we dropped just one star. The fish didn't have much flavor and the sauce and garnishes didn't add anything to the dish either 

Prices: I felt they were high for the food we were getting- portion sizes as well as over all quality didn't seem to match the prices; however, to be honest, it's covid so I understand it.

Overall worth it for bites and cocktails for sure! I can't advocate for an entire meal.
Came here around 11:30 on a Sunday in a group of five. Pretty empty so we got seated immediately but more and more people started coming in. Service was terrible. We spent more time waiting for our food than actually eating it. Portions were pretty small too, which  made the wait even less worth it. No one checked up on us even once. They took so long just to take back the check and weren't even apologetic for such a long wait. We noticed at least two other tables get food before us even though we were seated before them.
Came here yesterday for brunch with some friends. The food was solid and there were no complaints. I had the breakfast burrito and it was good. Our table also ordered the Huevos Rancheros and the El Toro Salad. Everyone enjoyed their meals. While we were one of the first tables for brunch, the service was quick and efficient. Their menu is pretty big with several different options. I definitely want to come back to try some of the other items on the menu as well as their $1 taco special on Monday nights.

I also would like to come back during the summer to sit outside and to try some of their drinks at happy hour.
The food here is actually great. I had a somewhat untraditional salad and was very pleased- however I thought it was slightly overpriced. That is my only drawback.
Walking by, I saw so much potential in this cute and quaint little restaurant. I had to stop in and give it a try. The restaurant itself isn't very big, but there are enough tables for small groups and a sizable bar. However, the rainbow and butterflies end there. The seats were super uncomfortable and those booths, filled with stains. I'm not sure if they're trying to go for a rustic feel, but I just see it as dirty. The service was awful as well, our waitress did not refill our water or check up on us after the food came out. 

As for food, I was super disappointed. First off, I think it's way overpriced for the quantity. I ordered chicken tacos and the tacos came out miniature, like half the size of regular tacos. The flavors were okay, but not good enough to justify the price and the lacking portion. Um, this is not fine dining. The side of Mexican rice that they make you pay extra for tasted like those microwavable meals. The saving grace of my meal here was the chorizo guacamole, which came with a sprinkle of chorizo bits. Yes that's right, just a sprinkle. For a whooping $14, they can't even spare a few extra chunks of chorizo? When we asked for extra chips for the guac, they tagged on an extra $1.75. The best part was...we never got that extra order of chips! It's not like our waitress bothered to check up on us to know that we never got our chips. In the end, they charged us for the extra chips that we never got. I know it's only a few dollars, but when the service is poor, the food is mediocre and they dare add on extra charges...I was not a happy camper. 

Overall, I did not enjoy my dining experience here. I saw so much potential in this place and they totally blew it.
Visited Tio Flores on a Friday night with a party of nine and had a great time! We were able to make an open table reservation and snag a large booth in the back. The server was friendly and patient with our large party, keeping the pitchers of margaritas coming. 

We love the ability to share pitchers of drinks and especially loved the blood orange margs! They bring bottomless chips and salsa and we ordered a few bowls of guacamole to go along which were delicious! We also had a bunch of plates of tacos and enjoyed all different types! 

Overall, a great festive, casual spot for drinks and dinner with friends!
Popular spot on South street that offers great weekly specials and happy hour deals. I forget which day we came here, but we didn't get any of the specials and stuck with the regular menu. We shared a hefty portion of chips and guac and then I ordered the pork carnitas tacos with a side of cowboy beans and it was all really good. Besides the deals, they've created a great casual ambiance that draws people in. We were seated outside on the corner, which isn't a great spot with all the foot and car traffic on South street. My only other gripe was that the tacos seem a little expensive when you consider that they're practically giving them away during the Monday and Tuesday deals!
I came here for drinks for an alumni event. It was alright! They don't take reservations and will only seat your party when everyone has arrived, but there is a cute wait area and a bar. The drinks were fine and we shared some appetizers. It was small and quaint, but very lively. Everything was good, but nothing especially stood out.
I'm honestly a little embarrassed for the people gushing about the food here. It's just overpriced, rebranded Mexican food in smaller portions, guys. This place hit the nail on the head by realizing they could slap some cacti and twinkle lights around, put a fancy font on the menu, and charge more than double what you'd find a few blocks away for mediocre tacos. $12 for 3 tacos and a $4 upcharge for rice and beans is not a good deal, folks! And to boot, the staff here always seem really bummed out and overworked - like they have less than zero desire to be there and all hate each other. I wanted to like you for your late night kitchen and margaritas, Tio Flores, but it's just too damn hard.
This restaurant was very accommodating. I made a reservation for 12 for a Friday night 2 nights before and they were very easy to work with. I was surprised that they were able to make the reservation because many other restaurants I called were not taking reservations for that time. The vibe inside is nice, kind of loud but not unexpected. The tacos were delicious! We all got different dishes and each of them were great! The garlic shrimp and bacon was my favorite! The mixed drinks were a little watery for my liking but still good. Overall a great experience and I'll definitely go back, especially for $1 tacos on Mondays.
Foolishly gave this place a second chance after not returning for about a year due to terrible service. Didn't think it could get any worse, another foolish thought. Visited Friday night once they started to slow down from their rush. Ordered a blackberry pitcher (tasted like WATER) and nachos. Another guest in my party arrived and the server said she'd bring a glass for the pitcher. And she did. TWENTY minutes later after hanging out in the back eating and drinking and partially bussing a large table that had just left (only kept track of the time because I had to wait for my birthday toast). Finally brings the glass along with, "You're not waiting for any apps, are you?" so I had to reorder the nachos. Remembered loving the food a year ago, this time it was terrible. Nachos and tacos both flavorless and steak tacos tasted charred. Mango pineapple margarita sounds good right? ALSO TASTED LIKE WATER. Super annoyed, I asked the server for our check and she continued to hang in the back. Went up to her for it, sat at the table with payment for another 10 minutes, went to their side station with it (a manager was standing there ignoring me) so I interrupted her blank stare to ask her to run it for me. She waited for the server (I see where the lack of hospitality stems from). This place really sucks. I'm in the industry and know that good service is NOT difficult to provide and this would be a different story if she were super busy or put forth the tiniest bit of effort to ensure a good dining experience. The worst part is it's a cool place to go but the decor isn't worth suffering through horrendous service and flavorless food. PLENTY of better Mexican spots in the city - Cantina on Passyunk, Xochitl, both Jose Pistola's, El Vez, El Rey, Tequilas, the taco truck on Washington Ave - ANYWHERE. Not sure how The Cambridge is seemingly run so much better, but won't be returning to either.
We walked by this adorable restaurant while on a hunt for a place for brunch. There was absolutely no wait at 1 pm, which is a very rare find in CC on football Sunday. There was plenty of seating and TVs at the bar to watch the game. Ordered the house guac for the table as well as the mushroom and spinach quesadilla, the breakfast tacos, and breakfast at Tio's. Food was average but the service made our meal memorable. Pineapple Mike was hilarious-  excellent service with a great sense of humor.
Came here with the boys expecting a buzz and some decent food. What we got: a solid buzz and some dank shpuzz. Elle hooked us up with the danks and was super personable and she deserves a promotion (no commotion). She was polite and and The food was perfectly prepared. The margs were made with a delicious tequila and the perfect amount of wahwahweewow. The buzz paired with the shpuzz was enough for me to ask where we was.
Came back here for brunch! Realized that regardless of what time of day you go, this place tastes amazing! They served fantastic coffee and I ordered the veggie chili which was fantastic! The portions were perfectly sized (not too much and not too little)! The $2 mimosas are also fire idea and slightly dangerous for how good they are!
Just had an overall bad experience here. Service was awful, our waitress, Samantha, was not very personable. The nachos had like 10 chips? Waitress added 20% gratuity on a table of 2? Is that even allowed? Without saying anything? I work at a restaurant in center city and we are definitely not allowed to do that. She barely checked on the table and when she did she was there for one second, not giving us a chance to speak to her. Food was good but service could be improved.
This place is objectively awful. The food is so dry and clearly not fresh. Margaritas are even awful.
My friends and I decided on Tio Flores for a casual weekend dinner because it met our only criteria for the evening....must have outdoor seating and margaritas. Thankfully, Tio Flores came through on those two fronts and more. There is ample outdoor and indoor seating and eclectic decor that creates an relaxed atmosphere for enjoying a meal. There are also quite a few different margarita options including prickly pear, blackberry, blood orange and strawberry. In addition to margs, they have lots of cocktails that, although I was tempted, I didn't end up trying. I LOVED my prickly pear margarita and it was a totally new taste that I hadn't had before--if you're bored of typical margs definitely order this (as a bonus it's a bright fuchsia color)! The only downside was that some of our margs (particularly when ordered in a pitcher) were kind of watered down. This could be in part due to the ice quickly melting, but the pitcher was watered down right when we got it. It definitely still tasted good, but the flavor wasn't that strong. 

After satisfying my two requirements of outdoor seating and margs, everything else was icing on the cake. We ordered guacamole for the table and were impressed at how fresh it tasted. We also ordered tacos. I opted for the carne asada tacos which were loaded with steak, guac, queso, and pickled onions. This was beyond delicious and very filling. However, I wish you could mix and match tacos and try multiple types but unfortunately they are only served in quantities of 3 (each quantity of 3 is ~$12). I definitely want to check out Tio Flores for happy hour as the margs and tacos are significantly cheaper. I'll be back!
Me and my boyfriend  been to Tio Flores quite frequently in the past year or two because they have pretty good vegan tacos considering they have them at all since it's pretty hard to find. Regardless of their "good not great" tacos, the service is horrible. At first it was Kinda whatever with the rudeness but one of the waiters has been consistently rude to us every time we have been. Decided we will never go back after the last time as  was he was so rude it made us uncomfortable being there. Literally will never go there again no matter what.
My husband and I went here for dinner on Saturday 10/29. It was honestly the best Mexican food I've ever had. We started off with a Habanero Sculpin beer and a Jalapeño margarita (we like it spicy haha) both were great. We ordered  chorizo guacamole which was awesome! We had never heard of it but are so glad we got it!! The chips are made in house so they are so fresh as well! Then we decided to split a few things so we could try more! We got pork carnitas nachos which may have been the best nachos ever (per my husband haha). We got Mexican street corn which comes on 2 pieces so it was the perfect side and tasted great we ate that last because it was so hot. We also split al pastor tacos, you get 2 tacos with each order and we went on the recommendation of the server and he definitely didn't steer us wrong! We also has a taste of their wonderful desserts. The atmosphere is very relaxed and cool. The drinks are outstanding and the food well there is no comparison. If you haven't gotten to Tio Flores yet GO!
Went for a random lunch. I had the Mexican poutine, my sister had the gringo beef tacos & my partner had the chicken tinga tacos. My meal was the best but it was still subpar. The taco tortillas was paper thin and bland. The service was decent but not worth the automatic 20% gratuity they added to our bill.
This place is awful. I've been here a few times and each time it disappoints. Me and another friend got the worst food poisoning from this place. I get they're trying to survive and keep costs low during COVID but providing costumers tasteless, expired food, and cheap mixed drinks at top prices is not the way to do it. I will never eat here again.
This place is a decent option. I've been here a couple of times and if you're looking for a cute spot with decent drinks and outdoor dining, definitely give it a shot. If you're looking for a GREAT taco, try elsewhere. 

There usually isn't a wait here which is awesome when some of the other spots like El Vez or Mission in the city are usually pretty jammed up on the weekends. Food can be a little bit expensive but portion sizes from what I've seen are usually good. I've had the mushroom quesadilla, mahi tacos, mexican poutine, and the nachos and all were pretty good but definitely nothing to write home about. 

If you're stopping by here during the summer, I'd suggest heading down the block and grabbing a drink at the PHS beer garden after!
Great atmosphere, margarita & beer options are impressive, and the chips-dip combos and tacos are delicious and edgy flavors that you wouldn't expect! Had two not so great servers who do not even try to hide their "annoyance" when little things go wrong or something new is asked of them.
