Although called Tom's Dim Sum, only a small portion of its menu deals with the small plate culture of China.  The first page offers the expected dumplings, shumai and a few cold options, but the majority of the kitchen deals with traditional big plate possibilities. Further, everything is ordered from the menu, rather than using carts and old ladies to bring all choices to the table for perusal and selection. The lack of a floor show is somewhat disappointing. 

More importantly, the quality of the food was also less than stellar and consistent. We ordered a hot & sour soup, crystal shrimp shumai, pork buns and crab/pork xiao long bao(soup dumplings).

 The soup was fine, with plenty of mushrooms, sprouts and a good vinegar base. The crystals were not. Looked shiny great on the plate, but tasted like they had been boiled in heavily salted water. Hot salty wet shrimp were unpleasant on my tongue, and not what was experienced in other houses. The pork buns were dry as if they had been sitting around for a while, although the ground pork filling was okay. The XLB had a decent broth within, but seemed sweeter than normal. Had to bite their top knots off and drop the table dumpling sauce into it to improve the savory flavor. There are much better soupies available in Chinatown. 

Service was fine, and the dining room was clean.

 Tom's is located on 11th Street under the covered portion created by the shopping mall. As our server explained when we asked, this is not really a dim sum restaurant despite the name. As such, it suffers from an identity crisis inherent in its business model. It offers a glimpse of dim sum without fully committing to the full monty experience.
Came here randomly on a lunch break with in retrospect wasn't a great idea. Not because it was crowded or anything, but trying to enjoy Dim Sum in 30 min is impossible for a semi-amatuer level pro-wanna-be eater like myself. The place is clean and has ample seating so that wasn't a problem. 
The food is just ok. Not in a bad way, but not in a "omgggg this is amazing" either. For example, the scallion pancakes I ordered were solid, but didn't have much flavor compared to literally every other scallion pancake I've ever had in my foodie life. Was it edible? Sure. Would I order it again? Naw. 
The dim sum choices weren't bad, but I did expect more options. I wind up ordering some general tso chicken because I'm so basic and it tasted like I thought it would. Basic, but good enough. I would come back here in passing, but it wouldn't be part of a plan.
Tom's dim sum was a a random find while I was walking to a a sushi place.  I was in total fat ass mode, so I came to toms after the sushi place, and after a hand pulled noodle place hahaha.  Don't judge.  
    
 Right off the bat, I was a little pissed, they don't serve alcohol. But they did redeem themselves a bit, because they are byob. It didn't do me much good because I didn't know and I was already seated haha. 
   
  Located In a street side store front in China town, it's very easy to find.  Its also decorated very nice inside.  Actually it was one of the nicer and cleaner establishments I visited that day. 

     The food was really yummy.  I ordered the XLB (juicy dumplings or soup dumplings) amd the steamed shrimp shumai.  The dough they make is really good.  I'd say its comparable dough to Din Tai. Each table had all the yummy accoutrements that are typical to dim sum places... black vinegar, spy, dumpling sauce, and
 chile paste.   

     If Toms was located near where I live, it would be a place I frequent.  It gets the 3 star, simply because they don't serve alcohol. 



Until next time...
So. Many. Dumplings. If you're into them, come here. There are around 10 varieties on the menu and always a few specials available. My personal fave are the Shanghai pork XLB's, which are some of the best soup dumplings around. They're sizable, filled well with delicious broth, the wrapping is thick enough so they don't break easily but aren't crazy chewy, and are just the perfect two bite (technically one slurp, one bite) dumpling. As others have mentioned, outside sauce isn't necessary, but they have vinegar, dumpling and soy sauce ready if you need it. This is always a place I stop in Philly and always a dish I order. That's not to say the rest of the menu doesn't hold up, they have all of your Chinese favorites along with a lengthy soup menu for a very affordable price, but those dumplings... so. good. I've come here with two and ten people before, each time bringing my own booze and we've never had a problem. Staff has been anywhere from OK to solid, never a bad experience though. The food and causal atmosphere speaks for itself and you don't really need over attentive staff here. Don't mind the 'under the bridge' location. Get all up in here when in the Phil. 

Side notes: $15 CC min and clean bathrooms.
Ordered delivery to our hotel room to stay safe with the rising number of covid cases in the nation. 

We ordered a number of things but the items that stood out to me cucumber salad, the chicken soup dumplings, the HK shui mai, and the best was the Crystal shrimp dumplings which is the same as shrimp har gow. My favorite were the Crystal shrimp the rice dumpling wrapper was so chewy and the texture was unlike I've ever tasted before.
We decided to switch it up a little and try a different restaurant outside of our usual China Town rotation. Tom's is near the convention center on 11th and Arch. The interior is fairly new and the space is bright and clean. 

We ordered the standard Shang Hai pork soup dumplings. These were fairly similar to Dim Sum Garden but the broth was a little thicker. They still tasted good though and on a cold night warmed us right up. We ordered some shrimp dumplings, the pork steamed buns, a vegetable dish and this beef brisket noodle soup. The beef brisket soup was delicious in flavor and the beef was slow cooked and tender. That was the best dish we had and one to return for most definitely.

I would still rank Dim Sum Garden above Tom's but still Tom's is a very good alternative if there is a long wait or line at DSG, which there usually is. Another check on the growing plus side for Tom's is they take credit cards!
Like most dim sum spots, Tom's first had me at dumplings! But as the spot that moved into the original Dim Sum Garden location has become a more regular destination I've grown fond of it for dim sum staples at a reasonable price, tons of spice, and other such perks.

In addition to being one of the top dim sum spots in Chinatown, Tom's also makes for the perfect last minute BYOB spot that requires minimal planning. For just a minimal corking fee your table of 2-4 can sit down to a couple bottles, and enjoy all the dumplings, steamed buns, noodles, and more.

Some of my favorites and must haves include:

Steamed Crab Meat Pork Soup Dumplings - can't decide between having bits of pork or king crab ooze out of your supple & warm soup dumplings? Go with both for maximum flavor!

Crystal Shrimp Dumplings - the perfect combo of tender cooked shrimp and just a little bit of a spicy cook.

HK Style Shumai - Amazing bits of sausage wrapped in dumpling skin. What's not to like?

Scallion Pancake - a simple dim sum classic done right!

Roast Pork Buns - bao style buns with perfectly cooked pork sandwiched inside.

8 Delicacies Hot Sauce Noodle - If your looking for a perfect dish of spiciness, this one is at its peak.

Like most perfect Dim Sum destinations, Tom's is perfect with a group. So bring friends and enjoy. Just save a table for me!
Was visiting with my boyfriend for the weekend like I always do and decided to get some delivery since we can no longer go out to eat anywhere. We ended up choosing this spot because it had pretty decent reviews on Yelp and we never tried it before, so we were trying some place different. 

We ended up ordering a bun, cheese wonton, crab dumplings, to share and he got the beef stick with shrimp fried rice, and I ordered the sesame chicken which came with white rice. 

As far as the apps, the beef stick were the highlight of them, the flavors that the beef was seasoned with was so tasty. The bun, cheese wonton and crab dumplings werent anything spectacular and I wouldnt order those again. 

As for the sesame chicken with white rice, it was so good too. The chicken pieces were huge and the glaze on top was very flavorful. 

I would eat here again and try some other things but maybe eat in once the virus is over with. Maybe it would taste different.
Tom's is solid. We order delivery from time to time. Our orders are always accurate and fairly fast, so that's definitely a positive. 

In terms of food, their soup dumplings are great and they have the best scallion pancakes around. As for entrees, my husband likes the garlic chicken while I lean towards the sesame chicken. I've really enjoyed it in the past but my order last weekend seemed overly syrupy sweet. Maybe next time I'll go with the ol' general for more of a balance.
I remember seeing this place before it was remodeled, and I'm so glad it looks less sketchy (even though it's still under a bridge).  Facilities are now spacious and clean, with ample seating. Significantly less crowded than Dim Sum Garden. Service is pretty good, for Chinatown, and food is brought out very promptly - as a person with hanger issues, I can appreciate that. There is a good deal of staff waiting around, but I don't think their quiet banter was disruptive to the restaurant.

LOVED the pork soup dumplings here - I'd say they're better than Dim Sum Garden's! The dumpling skins are thicker, which means less broken dumplings and more soup for me! The pan-fried Shanghai soup dumplings here are also delicious, on par with Dim Sum Garden's. We also ordered the scallion pancake and the crystal shrimp dumplings; they were a bit dry an disappointing, but not bad.

Overall, really enjoyed the food here, would recommend. It's a great alternative to Dim Sum Garden.
Credit card above $15 now.
Otherwise, a solid choice for quick take out near the convention center. I got an order of chicken dumplings and shrimp dumplings on the fly by googling "dumplings" and they were ready in 10 minutes with a takeout order.
I would order the chicken again - as you can see here are plenty of large dumplings. However the actual shrimp inside the shrimp ones were sort of small and bland. Thus -1 Star. But the price is right and ready to return for more.
My first time here was excellent! Great service and a very nice vibe inside. This place is located under the bridge and is definitely a worthwhile stop. 

For food we got an order of the pork soup dumplings which I had heard great things about, scallion pancake, pork and chive dumplings, and roast pork bun. All exceptional. 

The soup dumplings were definitely all that. They were easy to eat and flavorful. They weren't too delicate and I really enjoyed them. The scallion pancake was also amazing and honestly one of the best I have had. 

The chive and pork dumplings panfried were pretty good as well. If you are not used to a strong chive flavor, i would avoid them, but if you like chive this is for you. The roast pork bun were also extremely tasty. 

My first time here was so great. I will definitely be back and bring friends! I highly recommend this spot for dim sum!
We had such good meals here last time, I was excited to go back. 

FOOD:
Chongqing Spicy Chicken - $12.95
A surprisingly good choice!  Lightly battered and deep-fried chicken chunks reminded me of Japanese-style karaage chicken, though seasoned with just red chilis.  Dipping them in shoyu made all the difference.  Portion size was generous.  

Beef Broccoli - $11.95
This was the dish that blew me out of the water years ago.  This time it wasn't as good as the gravy was lighter in color as well as flavor.  

Sautéed String Beans - $8.95
The beans looked wilted but were anything but as they crunched with a firm bite and were seasoned perfectly.  

Spicy Pan Fried Dumplings - $6.95, 4 pcs.
Nice and plump pork-filled potstickers but the taste was too doughy for me. 

SERVICE:
We got seated immediately for lunch, with quick and friendly service.  

TIP:
Their entree combos that come with rice are available only on weekdays.  Very odd. 

OVERALL:
Still a favorite of ours.
Mission: Head to Chinatown.
Eat: Dry Beef Chow fun noodles.
Result: You'll flip over this Cantonese dish. Try it once, and you might get your self a finger-licking good meal!
If you're not familiar, it is made from stir-frying beef, he fen (wide rice noodles). It's my favorite when I go to dim sum restaurant.

Don't let the hundreds of restaurants take you by surprise, Instead give Tom's Dim Sum a chance. 
Four Yelps.
Tom's Dim Sum is a cute little place near the convention center. I was staying nearby and decided to give them a try. I wandered in around 1045pm not realizing they close at 11pm, however they were more than willing to let me dine there.

I was given water and tea right away and presented with a menu. They have both dim sum plates and regular entrees as well. I was more in the mood for dim sum so I browsed through their selection. I settled for the steamed pork buns, shrimp shu mai, and shrimp dumplings. 

The food came relatively fast and was a lot more than I could eat. The pork buns were bigger than expected and had I known I would have just ordered one. However it was great to take food home afterwords. Everything tasted delicious and fresh and I especially liked the shrimp dumplings.

At the end the sweet waitress presented me with a wall calendar that I could take home. It definitely caught me off guard but was such a sweet gesture!
I can rave all about Toms Dim Sum food but there service down right sucks. I've been left hanging twice. The morale of the story is I should have learned the first time.

I've been to Toms a few times with groups, so about a month ago visited solo. I was seated but basically ignored the entire time in a near empty restaurant. I guess they didn't realize I only ordered a little because I was going to order more. I left half hungry because I needed to catch a bus.

Tonight I arrive just after dinner rush to a full restaurant. I expect to wait, tell a server I would like a seat, and wait. They clean off a table, but it's for 6 so I wasn't surprised I wasn't offered it as a solo guest. They clean off two two-seaters, I expect one, raise my hand, say hi to the staff, but continue to wait. No worries, they see me I say to myself. Someone walks in behind me, solo, and is immediately seated. WTF! I'm out!
I had such high hopes for the chicken in garlic sauce. It had wood ear mushrooms which I love, definitely a spicy kick from some long hot peppers and a tangy garlicky sauce. All perfect ingredients to satisfy me but the chicken was soooo dry. I don't think I've ever encountered dry chicken in any asian dish given to me. The shrimp Shu Mai on the other hand was perfect. Thin skin dumpling full of plumpness and flavor. Four come to an order. I could easily have had two orders of those and been happy.

The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated, tranquil music in the background. I was there for take out but noticed a sign in the entry that there is a 10.00 minimum to dine in. Not hard at all to accomplish so I struggled to understand the point of this. I'm much more alarmed at the establishments that are charging 100.00 PER PERSON to dine in. I also wondered why when the place had only ONE person dining in, a customer who just walked in and was given a two seater asked to be moved to a window seat was told no because they were reserved for larger parties. Really??? You couldn't have just let the lady sit there amongst all those empty tables. 

The menu is diverse enough to keep me interested but I'd definitely go back for more dumplings.
Had my first Tom's dim sum experience on cinco de mayo night and it was the best decision. We ordered regular pork soup dim sum, the ones with crab, veggie dumplings and beef dumplings. Everything came out fast, and the food was delicious and fresh!
Okay, I've seen a lot of straight one star "not original DSG, goto 10th and Race" by people, half of them have just one review so I'm going to ignore that.  I've heard another side of the story, where the woman who runs the 10th and Race operation had half the stake in the company and decided to spin off and do her own restaurant.  To be honest it doesn't make a different to me; if you serve me good food I'm happy, restaurant politics aren't factored in my review!

Unfortunately I might still come off as biased when I say I think the "original" Dim Sum Garden makes better xiaolongbaos (soup dumplings) than the new restaurant, at least of late.  The preparation is of higher quality with the skin being nice and thin, the meat tender, and the liquid plentiful.  Scallion pancakes were solid, just the right amount of greasiness and fried doneness.  I also got a cold duck appetizer which was pretty delicious as well.

I also appreciate the effort to spruce up the interior of the restaurant.  Yes, it's still underneath an overpass that is part of the convention center, but they've replaced the cheap, plastic IKEA tables and chairs with less cheap, wooden but probably still IKEA tables and chairs.  They take credit cards whereas the 10th and Race location does not (at least as of a month ago).

Don't count out this location.  I personally don't care if it's old, new, original or a ripoff ... if somebody were to come up to me and ask for the best soup dumplings in Philadelphia I'd say this restaurant takes the cake [for now].  The only downside is I have to eat more soup dumplings to keep the pulse on both restaurants, poor me :)
Came in from a long trip on the Greyhound on a muggy day- and this place made me so happy!

Waiter was super patient with me, sat me where I wanted to, and my order came fast.

This place is a family-run joint, love their relaxed and calm atmosphere.

An order of pork soup dumplings was the perfect, not too filling amount for lunch for one person. They were flavorful and served at the perfect temperature so I didn't burn my tongue. And at $6 it's a steal, I know plenty of places that charge $10! After the first bite I was happy to have all 8 to myself :)

I wanted to try their scallion pancakes, but I'm just gonna trust them that they're very good. SO glad I found this place!
Go to Tom's! I always go to Dim Sum Garden and felt like trying something different so we headed to Tom's. Ambience is casual and the service is really fast. 

Get the soup dumplings. We ordered the crab and pork ones and they were so good we got another order. I never thought I'd say this, but I prefer Tom's over Dim Sum Garden. They're sooo juicy, flavorful and addictive. 

The crystal shrimp dumplings were packed with shrimp and delicious. The spring rolls were tasty and not greasy at all. The shanghai noodles with pork were delicious, wish we had more. 

Don't let their location under the overpass fool you. We ordered so much food for 3 people and it was only $33. So affordable. Tom's is a must eat!
Fast and friendly service with plenty of seating here. Located near the bus stops and hotels, it's in a great location if you're near the convention center and dim sum garden is just too crowded.
Scallion pancakes were on point here! I also enjoyed their pork soup dumplings which had plenty of flavor. The Chinese vegetables were ok but on the bitter side, probably won't get that again. I also did not care for the 8 pearl (八宝) noodles. It was supposed to be spicy but it wasn't and it was lacking in flavor. Plus the noodles tasted like store bought and it got soggy and piece-y  towards the end.
Overall no qualms about this place. I must come again to try other things!

However...get the scallion pancakes and soup dumplings!
Pork buns smelled like BLEACH inside. Meat was mixed with BLEACH or bleach like cleaning liquid. 


I've been in here a couple times and it was okay. I went in today and waited at least 30 minutes for food while tables that came in after me got their food first. The first thing I got was the steamed pork bbq buns and the first bite I took I had to spit it back out because it smelled like BLEACH. I thought that couldn't be right so I smelled the meat inside and surely yes it smelled like bleach. That chlorine burning smell in your nose. I told the manager and she said okay I'll take it off your bill. No apology was given. Lady it was bleach! I could have been hospitalized for eating that. They are clearly mixing their food and cleaning supplies, which is unacceptable. Someone could have gotten really hurt from eating that. It's not a bug, it's bleach that is essentially poison. I'm utterly disgusted and will be reporting this to the city department of health.
Soup dumplings are 4 stars. But all other food I would give 3 stars. 

The soup dumplings were delicious, the broth is better than dim sum garden since it's more fatty and flavorful. Everything else we ordered: beef chow fun, shumai, and salt baked squid was just okay. The shrimp crystal dumpling were good but the soup dumplings were better. Everything is very affordable, $5-$10, unless you order the fancy stuff. The location of the restaurant is a little sketchy but the restaurant itself is nice, everything is clean and service was good.
The resto is pretty new and cozy but not the food
Portion are too small 
The people who work there are nice
But it won't make me comeback again
Taste so so...sorry

Usually if I'm hungry everything taste better but when you know how to cook 
You know which good food good cooked

I spent $30 bucks 
I can get good food on other Chinese resto around Chinatown 

Once again Yelp and the picture manipulated me made me want to try!

Tom's and Dim sum garden are no different not a fan.
Lots of white peoples eating in meaning the place is good(new,clean,decorations),about the taste well..not so much.
But if you want to know good asian food,you must see the place full of asian eating in it means Asian approved and the food taste good lol...
I am editing my post based on the other reviewer who witnessed this event on 4/21. I was trying to not call it racism but it honestly was. The incident was flat out disgusting. Don't support this restaurant if you are for equal treatment of all customers regardless of their background.

Just had the worst experience at this establishment and i will never go back again. I ordered food and was sitting on the bar seat waiting. After I ordered I tasted the food and used a napkin on a plate. As I was leaving the waiter who had a silver earring decided to tell me to take my napkin with me since I had ordered take out. He then decided to tell me to F off and flicked me off from inside the restaurant. I went inside and asked to speak to a manager and they told me there wasn't a manger. I asked the employee his name and he continued to disrespect. To add to it all as I left the place he comes outside and throws spice packets at me while his coworker is holding him back. This was honestly the most disrespectful experience I have ever experienced at a restaurant and I would like a prompt response from management as the staff this day ignored my request and enabled the waiter to continue his tirade. I had been to Toms Dim Sum multiple times and I frequent Chinatown and have never experienced anything close to this elsewhere.
Sadly, there are NO Chinese restaurants within a 20 mile radius of where we live, so when we travel, it's an opportunity to enjoy the cuisine. 

Never having eaten any Chinese food in Philly, I searched on Yelp for the closest restaurant to where we were, open now (4pm,) and Tom's popped up.  Let's go!

ATMOSPHERE:
We were the only ones in there at 4pm which turned me off, but they filled up soon after.  They don't have a big seating area like most Chinese places, but instead have a perfect sized floor plan with a ramen shop look, designed in contemporary and clean lines.  We sat at the counter which overlooked the street and neighboring Hilton Garden Inn.  There's a private room towards the back, and regular tables throughout. 

MENU:
The usual enormous amount of selections along with dim sum but no cart service. 

FOOD:
Hot & Sour Soup - Ahh, I haven't had this in years!  Their version tasted very spot on as expected, with the perfect balance of seasonings.  The small bowl is good for 2 to share. 

HK Style Shumai - HK stands for Hong Kong, but I'm not sure what the difference is between it and the Shanghai version.  The 4 pieces were very tasty and ranks right up there with the best of them from my favorite places in Honolulu. 

Beef Broccoli over Rice - I was actually wanting beef & snow peas, but they don't offer it so this was the next best choice.  Wow is all I can say.  This dish is listed with their entrees that come with rice, and a great deal it was at $8.  The gravy was dark brown and so deliciously savory!?  Geezuz!  The sliced meats were extremely tender with zero fat, and the broccoli florets were cooked perfect.  Dare I say this version is better than my dad's??  Eek yes!!!!  Shhh!!!!

Kung Pao Chicken over Rice - My spouse's dish.  Another highly recommended entree.  The chicken chunks were tender, and the flavors were amazing.  Man, I miss this place already!!!!

SERVICE:
Our male server was a patiently cool guy, but not the greatest in terms of service.  He disappeared for a while during our apps & entree, and didn't check on us until the end.  But, they did receive a 20% tip under my rule book. 

OVERALL:
Winner winner 5 star dinner!  Tasty grinds, great prices, open from lunch through dinner.  I was craving a custard tart but they don't have them.  We will definitely be back!!
Probably my favorite XLB place in Philadelphia. It comes out nice and fresh and very flavorful. You really don't need any dumpling sauce, but I still add it in for a little umph. 

Another favorite here is their stir fry rice cake (but only if it's don't correctly). In the menu, it pictures a clear sauce with scallions stir fry. 
 This is how I like this dish. Sometimes, I end up receiving some sort of soy brown sauce stir fry one and become really disappointed. I guess it depends on the cook for the day, but i feel like they need to be more consistent. 

Scallion pancake is also a hit. My family doesn't eat it, so I tend to have the whole thing to myself (fat girl status!). It doesn't come out too greasy like other places I've had and it also has a nice outside crisp with a chewy inside.

I will definitely be back!!!
I came here one day on my way to NY and needed a bite before getting on that 2 hour bus ride. I had ordered the duck over white rice. All I can say is that I have been eating here faithfully every week (twice at least) for the past year. I was so saddened when they first shut down for renovations. 

As far as recommendations go: 
Chicken and Brocolli over white rice is superb. 
Duck over Rice superb
Eggplant over Rice - caught me completely off guard as I was not expecting such goodness from something I normally wouldn't eat (i'm not a fan of eggplant).
There Tom Dim Fried Rice is by far the best house special I have ever had. Everything tasted fresh and did not feel greasy/fatty at all. 

highly recommend this place.
Really can't go wrong with this place. Possibly the best soup dumplings that I've had. Particularly their pan seared pork soup dumplings. Love them streamed too. They're delivering during the quarantine- we picked up and the food was still piping hot. Love this spot!!! :-)
Second time at Tom's and the dishes I've been choosing continue to miss the mark. The Chong Qing Chicken had perfectly crispy fried pieces of chicken but I've never seen it done with sauteed onions and an awful lot of them. This is in addition to the spring onions which are supposed to be there so I fished all the others out. The real crime here was the lack of heat and garlic and that was sorely missed.

I also had the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and there was just way too much dough and not enough filling. Very disappointing.
BEST authentic Shanghainese food~! 
Although it may not be the greatest location or look the bestest, the quality of the food they provide makes up for it. I have tried their food since they first opened and was sad when they decided to close down and followed them till they reopened again and STILL they have NEVER failed to satisfy my cravings. 
They have the best scallion pancakes, shanghai wontons, and xiaolong baos (soup dumplings) that Philly has to offer. Their prices are affordable and their service is great.
 People talk and things happen. All the speculations about who the real owner is does not really matter. What matters is the taste and satisfaction that is guaranteed once you step into their store.
My boyfriend and I were craving some dim sum and decided to give this place a try. We usually order Dim Sum Garden when the craving hits, but since I had Tom's Dim Sum on my Yelp bookmarks, we thought we would try something new. 

Tom's Dim Sum is honestly not in the most ideal location. It's kind of hidden away under the bridge - not very aesthetically appealing. The interior is far better than the exterior though. Nothing fancy, just plain and simple. It wasn't at all a full house when we walked in, but there were about three to four occupied tables - always a good sign to see customers!

After reading through the menu, it didn't take us long to decide on what to get. We were hungry and ready for some food! We ordered the crab and pork steamed dumplings, pan fried beef dumplings (6 pcs), chive and pork soup dumplings, and the crystal shrimp dumplings. 

The first three mentioned were decent. They were served piping hot, but I was a little disappointed with the lack of flavor. I'm a huge fan of soup dumplings, but these ones tasted rather bland.

The crystal shrimp dumplings were a big let down. I was really looking forward to the shrimp, but unfortunately, all I could taste was the chewy dough.

On the plus side, prices are very reasonable, staff is friendly, and service is fast. I do greatly appreciate that.

Sadly, I'm not sure if this place would make the cut next time I'm craving dim sum. If I am to return, it certainly has some catching up to do food wise.
I originally wrote a 5 star review back in 11/2011, but I have officially removed it. I will admit that I used to love this place because their pork juicy buns are delicious,however the service that I have received the past two visits was horrible. Service here was never great to begin with, but it was tolerable until my last two visits. Tonight I went with a group of friends and we had to ask for water more than three times before getting any. One person at my table was told to go get her own drink - in a very rude tone. Our plates were dropped onto the table. On week days when there is less of a crowd, I have had better service, but still. This is unacceptable - I don't care how busy you are - it's no excuse for treating your reoccurring customers like trash. I will never recommend nor step into this place again no matter how much I crave their juicy buns.
came for lunch on friday afternoon~ the place was busy! but not packed. got seated right away~

we ordered the xiao long bao (soup dumplings), fried pork and chive dumplings, HK shrimp dumplings (Ha Gao) and the scallion pancakes...

everything was alright, def not spectacular.. the scallion pancakes were on pt~ everything else was passing in taste and presentation.  the shrimp dumpling lacked some shrimps? i ate it anyway b/c i was very hungry lol 

i'm not even a huge fan of dim sum garden.. but i will say that i enjoy their fried dumplings more and sadly, Tom's dumplings are barely making the cut~

place is ok~ don't expect too much and you should be a-ok!
My girlfriend and I visited Tom's for dinner as part of our never-ending quest to try the best dim sum spots in Philadelphia. Overall, the food and service were both excellent.

We got there around 6:00 and there were plenty of open tables, but by the time we were finished eating, a line of customers were waiting to be seated. A pot of tea was already on the table and the waiters were always quick to refill our water.

Of course, we had to try the steamed pork soup dumplings. We also ordered the steamed chicken dumplings and handmade noodles with pork sauce. The chicken dumplings and noodles had nice flavor and we could tell they were freshly made. As for the real test, the soup dumplings were definitely satisfying. The broth was savory and the dumplings had noticeably more pork inside than other dim sum restaurants.

This wouldn't be a proper review without a comparison to my favorite dim sum spot, Dim Sum Garden. While Tom's chicken dumplings and noodles tasted fresh out of the kitchen, I still think Dim Sum Garden has the better flavor. Similarly with the soup dumplings, Dim Sum Garden gets the slight edge due to flavor, even though Tom's packs more pork in them.

Tom's has some of the best dim sum in the city, and the waitstaff is friendly and attentive. We'll definitely be back when we're in the area.
Really nice to see this restaurant expand and renovate! I'm actually glad the entire underpass on 11th is getting spruced up and a bit brighter, it definitely needed. 

The interior is really nice. The men's bathroom is really nice too. The staff are friendly and speak english fairly well. It wasn't crowded so service was attentive. I usually order 2-3 things from Shanghainese restaurants. I ordered the xlb and pork sauce noodles this time. I would've gotten the scallion pancakes but figured it was a lot of food. The menu doesn't have pork sauce noodles listed. Its called peking noodles and fried pork. Something like that. I assume the dish has several names for the same thing (Taiwanese spaghetti, zha jiang mian, pork sauce noodles, etc)--but i could be wrong. 

The xlb came out. Very impressed with the size and the thinness of the dumpling skin. Many places have been going for thicker skin but this place has some of the thinnest i've seen in a long time. There is a fine balance between thin and TOO thin. If it is too thin and the dumplings are touching, you run the risk of tearing the dumpling and having the soup spill out. It happened to 1.5 of my dumplings (i saved 1/2 of a dumpling!!!). The soup was much darker than i ever seen... i was a bit hesitant to taste it. Fortunately, the soup was good. It wasn't smack my face delicious, but still pretty good. They have my favorite dumpling sauce which elevates the flavors even more. The pork sauce noodles were also pretty bomb. The noodles were chewy (which i liked) and came with a nice portion of bokchoy (mostly stems though, no leafs). The proportion of meat, sauce, noodles were perfect! Really comforting food! 

For the 2 dishes i had, the service, and the price, this place is pretty bomb. I'll do another review if i ever order other dishes, but i typically never order anything else.
An absolute disgrace of an eating establishment... I will never go anywhere near this horrible place again. I dined in with two of my close friends while we were exploring the city. We arrived with more than 30 minutes before their closing time and a general idea of what we were planning to order so we could speed the dining process up allowing them to close sooner. We did not order appetizers and did not even ask for any changes to our entrees, which again only sped up the dining process.

Immediately after walking in, we were not made to feel welcomed at all and the staff made all three us feel extremely awkward about being there. They gave us a very "uneasy" feeling because we were hoping to dine in with what they thought was close to closing. I recall having to repeat that we wanted to eat in more than once. After ordering our food, the food was absolutely MEDIOCRE AT BEST... Rather bland and boring. The noodles I got in my stir fry felt much closer to a pasta than a more traditional Asian noodle. Absolutely overpriced on top of the mediocre quality. However the worst hasn't even happened... Someone came over to our, presumably the restaurant manager and asked us to please pay for the food. I said sure and continued eating assuming she meant "pay when you are finished". NOT EVEN A MINUTE LATER she came back and said "can you please pay now?"... All three of us were in the middle of eating but I figured it's not a huge deal, and my one friend and I handed her our debit cards to pay for the meal... "Cash only". She said there is an ATM right outside the door. So I said sure and continued eating figuring there was absolutely no way she wanted us to stand up and get money at that very moment. I was VERY wrong. Now for a third time she asked for us to pay... NOW. We stood up and walked to the ATM that was turned off. It appeared to be an older unit and needed to boot up. You better believe this thing took it's time to turn on... At least 5 minutes and the staff made us stand there for the entire 5 minutes. Finally, the restaurant manager came over and told us we could pay in card... Meaning!: THIS ENTIRE GOD DAMN TIME THEY COULD HAVE TAKEN OUR DEBIT CARDS FROM THE START! In the midst of all this, the waitress took our unfinished meals. Now to top the whole "wonderful" experience off, I was handed my receipt to sign. I didn't even CONSIDER for ONE GOD DAMN SECOND to tip the staff after such an awful experience. I signed the receipt and handed it back to the lady and the other 2-3 staff around her watching. They looked at it confused and handed it back to me. I couldn't BELIEVE this was actually happening, so I kindly wrote the exact total in the "total" section of the receipt, left the tip section blank, and handed it back. These people actually had the audacity to GIVE ME DIRTY LOOKS!

I would no sooner wish even my worst enemy to eat at a such a disgraceful restaurant and I wouldn't eat there if it was the last god damn place on Earth! Do yourself a favor never even think about giving these people the time of day so hopefully they can shut down and no one will ever have to have this type of "dining" experience again.
My favorite Chinese restaurant ever. And when I say ever, I mean ever--I don't even live in Philly.

I always get the following and it always rocks my world:

xiaolong bao (so good)
scallion pancakes (omg)
Chinese broccoli (yessss)
some kind of pan-fried dumplings

And then whatever else looks good. Very affordable, very tasty, good service and super prompt.
After leaving a 2-star review for Tom's. I am constantly being attacked by one Yelp's user named Jiawei. I am making an assumption that he is related to Tom's because he has only left one Yelp review so far from his account and It was for Tom's. All the comments he left for me were offensive (profanity, etc.) This kind of customer service is absolutely unacceptable. Never again.
The first time I came here, I ordered Soup Dumpling, Scalliion Pancake, Wonton Soup, HK Dumplings, Broccoli Shrimp, Shrimp Dumpling and Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs. 
And I like them all! But the Sweet & Sour was unexpected, I thought it was red sauce & have pineapple on it, so I asked them is it my order? Why look like this?? Then they said that is their style, lol. So their sweet & sour is different. 
I love the Dumpling Sauce too!!! So, in Philly Chinatown, there are only 2 place that have good Dumpling Sauce, Dimsum Garden & Tom's Dimsum. Tom's Dimsum have more score than Dimsum Garden, because you can pay with cards!!!
To be completely honest, I was walking to Dim Sum Garden (I am never not craving soup dumplings) when I walked by Tom's Dim Sum. There was a line out the door at 2:30 PM on a Sunday, so I knew I had to find out what was so special about this place that it was this crowded at a seemingly awkward time. 

So, all thoughts of Dim Sum Garden cast aside, we walked in, waited around 10 minutes or so, and got seated. The crab and pork soup dumplings were really good, and I also had bites of the Chinese broccoli and the green onion pancakes. Nothing blew me out of the water, but I liked that the owner, Tom, was bustling around the restaurant - which gave it a true family feel. My friend, however, said that the vegetarian dumplings were subpar although I did not try them. 

It's a pretty no nonsense place, so I wouldn't expect spectacular service or anything. But, I would come here expecting good food at good prices.
Came in during the soft opening on 3/12 with a buddy of mine. I had high expectations for this place. First thought while walking in the door - damn they really renovated this place to look clean and professional. After walking in, you kind of see minor issues- most notably, how dim the room is. The skylights underneath the passway do not shine very well and the current lighting is too dim. They should brighten up the room to show how great it looks.

But more importantly, the food. What do you get when you come to a place like this? Xiao Long Bao (XLB) or juicy pork dumplings. An order of this, crab and pork dumpling, shanghai fried dumpling, and chicken corn sweet soup. Should be enough for two. I was offered tea, which was a good start.

The food came out and I was pumped. First look at the XLB, damn! One already broken, juicy pork goodness spilling out and getting wasted onto the steam pot. The crab and pork came out after, more broken dumplings. The fuck is going on? School of Dumpling 101 says that wrappers shouldn't be broken on a XLB, otherwise you lose what makes XLB a XLB, the soup. A quick glance after biting open the first unbroken one left me confused as well - why is the soup so dark and thick? It almost has a gravy like texture. Is Tom's Dim Sum not a traditional restaurant despite its traditional menu? After eating it, it was okay, just not what was expected. I also proceeded to ask for ginger, a traditional condiment when eating soup dumplings. I got the most puzzled look from the waitress, almost as if I was speaking another language. The shanghai fried dumplings were pretty decent though, better than Dim Sum Garden on Race. But they were only decent after I sent back the first order which was completely burnt. It was funny because I saw an interaction between Tom and the waitress who brought them out. He scanned the dumplings and questioned whether or not they should be served but eventually gave her the go. 

I'll chalk it up to soft opening growing pains but Tom's left me unimpressed. I'll inevitably come back to try it again as I always believe a restaurant deserves a second chance. My quest to find a noteworthy, traditionalist dim sum spot in Philadelphia continues.
Silly me. I thought I was ordering delivery from Dim Sum Garden, but apparently I ordered delivery from the Original Dim Sum Garden. With all the hype about Dim Sum Garden, I was super excited to try it. Luckily, I've never eaten at either location before so therefore no comparisons or disappointment was needed. 

I ended up with some pretty yummy Chinese food. My hubby and I went to town and ordered the hot & spicy soup, chili cabbage shredded pork soup, Pork with Sauce Noodle, the chives & pork dumplings and finally the scallion pancake. 

I didn't love the soups. This was my first foray into both hot & spicy and chili cabbage shredded pork so it was probably more a personal preference thing. The hot & spicy soup was thick with egg, tofu and noticeable peppers. I found it hard to eat after a while. The shredded pork soup was a broth that just got boring to eat after a while. You live, you learn.

On the other hand, the rest of the order rocked! This was hands down the best scallion pancake I've ever had. It was kind of greasy, but in a good way. It was soft and full of scallion with each bite. The pepper dipping sauce was a killer edition. The chive and pork dumplings were also really great. There was an option for steamed or fried so we went with steamed. While they were still technically small dumplings, they were pretty stuffed and not tiny. There were 10 to an order for about $6.00 which I thought was a good deal. 

The star of the show was the Pork with Sauce Noodle. We opted for the hand-made noodles and declined the option soup. I've had similar dishes but nothing exactly like it. It was really flavorful and tasty. 

Next time I'd probably give them a try in person though. The $5.99 Grubhub delivery fee was a little steep. The food was pretty inexpensive so that could have gone to an entire extra item. 

So I didn't eat from the restaurant I wanted, but I ended up with another good option in Chinatown
Tom's dim sum is quite a treat in Philly for me. I personally like their soup dumplings way more than the ones I've tried at Dim Sum Garden which was highly reviewed but I thought was over hyped. The soup dumplings skin was thinner and the soup was full of flavor. The ones at Dim Sum Garden was good soup wise but I didn't like how thick the dumpling skin was. 

Tom's dim sum had a very nice selection of basic dim sum dishes and other small dishes that I really enjoyed. The best part was their incredibly fast service and they were extremely attentive to each table. 

I would recommend this place for a quick bite while still having the authentic Chinese feel to it. This would definitely not be my only visit.
Dim Sum all day, but there are also lots of entree options. Highly recommend the scallion pancakes, and sesame ball with red bean filling. Also ordered soup dumplings, green beans, and fried tofu. Everything, especially dim sum items, were reasonably priced.
Tom's DimSum gets 3.5 stars. The food is good, not great. I'm from Hawaii and my husband is from Northern Virginia so we're used to great dim sum and Chinese Restaurants and waiting in line before the doors open.

- no cart service, everything is made to order. They should consider cart service 
- no line before they opened 
- only a couple of other tables filled after us
- they charged us for a 2nd bowl of rice (2 of us has to share 1 bowl??)
- Fried Shanghai Pork Soup Buns (no real soup, just in the name) and Scallion Pancakes have overrated reviews 

The good stuff!
- Beef with Hot Peppers and Bok Choy is good 
- clean bathrooms 
- real Chinese people 
- TVs so we could watch the Olympics
DIM SUM YUM! Delicious food, no doubt about it! Kind of odd location and the ambiance isn't cozy, but the interior is clean and simple.
Obviously you need to try the pork soup dumplings. Incredible flavor. My one complaint is that the dumplings leaked! Unacceptable in my book, but the quality was still there.
The Chinese broccoli was SO flavorful and fresh, give me all the garlic! 
The Scallion pancakes (while on the greasy side) were flaky and delicious. 
Quick service and inexpensive!
Perfect. Very pleasant, attentive service. Meal starts off with hot tea. Food was delicious, served hot and quick. We had pork dumplings, sweet potato pancakes, chilli cabbage shredded pork soup, and spring rolls. Yummy. : )
All for just $13. Came back a few days later. Exactly the same. Great service, great good, great prices
Came in here since it's close to the convention center and definitely seemed to have every thing I liked.

The soup dumplings' wrappers were a bit thick but still delicious and full of flavour. The crystal shrimp dim sum was amazing (again wrapper was  a bit thicker than I'm used to but it's one of my favourite parts so I did not mind). 

I got for my main course the roast duck with rice, and it was a bit heavy on the soy sauce but still delicious and I cleared my plate. 

The service was quick and friendly. Prices were super reasonable. And the dining area was nice, spacious, and looked very clean. Definitely would return when I'm in town.
The line at Dim Sum Garden was way too long, so I came here instead. Very glad I did! Overall, I think the dim sum here is better than Dim Sum Garden. I can't speak for the other dishes, and the take-out quality isn't great, but if you're looking to satisfy your dim sum craving without having to wait in a longggg line, Tom's is your place.

The soup dumplings here are just as good, if not better, than the ones at Dim Sum Garden. They were perfectly juicy and reminded me of the ones I've had in Kaifeng, China. Absolutely delicious. I would recommend the pork ones. 

The Shanghai shumai at Tom's are much, much better than the ones at Dim Sum Garden. They're a must-try.

The pork buns here are better too. They're puffy and don't taste like they've been sitting out all day like the ones at Dim Sum Garden.

Skip the beef noodle soup though. The noodles had no flavor, and the broth was kind of bland too. Decently generous portions of beef though. The noodles at Dim Sum Garden aren't great either, so if you're looking to satisfy a noodle craving, head to Terakawa Ramen or Nanzhou instead.

I've gotten takeout here before and haven't been impressed, but as a sit-down place, I would definitely recommend it.
Another dimsum place in philly. Why not try it, right ?
I've been wanting to go here since I love soup dumplings!
Went here during lunch and ordered Crab Meat Soup Dumpling, HK Style SioMai, and the Crispy Shrimp. The service was a little slow than what I'm used to in all the Dim Sum places I've tried, and it's not that busy yet.. The Soup Dumpling is not what I'm used to as well, it's not steaming hot.. and I really like my soup dumpling hot. The HK SioMai was good though as well as the crispy shrimp.. Staff were friendly and they had clean tables.. Will try again next time and see if I can update my review
This hole-in-the-wall/under-a-bridge came highly recommended and did not disappoint! Great soup dumplings and more authentic Chinese food. Enjoyed the spare ribs and eggplant and chicken skewers too.
Tom's dim sum is amazing !!!! I came here for lunch with my coworker and we accidentally ordered a feast: fu qi fei pian, soup dumplings, scallion pancake, saliva chicken, crystal wrap shrimp dumping, cucumber salad, and hot and sour soup. 

Everything we ordered tasted great and authentic. If you're looking for good soup dumplings, this is the place. There is so much soup and the dumpling wrap doesn't break. It comes with 8 soup dumplings a serving for a very good price. 

The saliva chicken is a lot sweeter than at other places, but I assume that's because it is shanghainese style food. Nonetheless, even with the added sweetness, the chicken only tasted better!! 

The only complaint I had was that the crystal shrimp dumpling (ha gao) were very dry. 

Service was great and water was constantly refilled. Instead of fortune cookies, they gave us wall calendars which was a pleasant surprise. This place is neither crowded nor empty during lunch so you'll feel like you are in a lively atmosphere but will still get to be seated immediately. Highly recommend checking this place out if you are looking for some great dim sum in philly .
Why does this place have 4 stars? =.= I went in for the first time last weekend and the food was so mediocre (some was even below average). These were what we had: 

- Spring rolls: filling was mostly cabbage (expected) but it was still kinda cold...another 30 secs in frying pan would help...
- shanghai pork and crab juicy dumpling: the wrap was so thick...Dimsum Garden does it better 
- Cucumber Salad: I actually liked the taste but maybe remove all the seeds? 
- Crystal shrimp dumpling: below average ... 
- Vegetable dumpling: again the wrap was so thick i thought i was eating buns instead of dumplings
- Hot and sour soup: not sour enough but the portion was big and was lots of bamboo shoots so that would do 
- Cold sesame noodle: mediocre 
- Mapo tofu: mediocre 

So yea ...
went on a Saturday during the Flower Show. Friendly and attentive staff kept drinks full and quickly cleared empty plates. Had shrimp dumplings, fried vegetable dumplings, scallion pancakes, general Tso's tofu and eggplant in garlic sauce. Everything was fresh and tasty. Nice decor too. The manager stopped by for a quick chat. Will definitely go back. side note: almost went to Dim Sum Garden until I read their restaurant inspection report.
I've been here twice already. The first time, I only ordered the pork soup dumplings and the pan fried soup dumplings. I was very impressed by the execution. The soup was piping hot and plentiful, signs of a soup dumpling done right.

However, the next time I went, I ordered a couple more dishes. The garlic chinese broccoli, the walnut shrimp, and stir fried eggplant. This time I was much more disappointed. While I found the food delicious, I was extremely disappointed by the portions. $7.95 for a small dim sum-sized plate of chinese broccoli with maybe 10 pieces?! Or how about the $13.95 for a tiny amount of shrimp?! Maybe if the food was priced proportionally I could give Tom's more stars. I really wanted to like it, but I don't think I'll be back for anything but the soup dumplings.
Terrible. Really, truly. I cannot endorse eating here, especially when you have SO many options to choose from in and around Chinatown. 

I don't even know where to start but we'll begin with the good - scallion pancake and the pork soup dumplings. Both were fine. Not worth a special trip here. 

Moving on to the rest: 

Vegetable Noodle Soup with Hand Drawn Noodles: Lots of veggies so that was a plus. Otherwise, just a bowl of noodles in flavorless broth. No amount of soy sauce or chili paste could impart any flavor. I had to get up to ask for salt (I don't really do salty so that is saying something). 

Chongqing Spicy Chicken: SO DRY. So, so, so, so, so dry. Couldn't finish it and didn't see the point in bringing it home because it was terrible.

Service: What service? We were seated quickly and brought water. From that point forward I had to get up and go to the counter multiple times to ask for various things. First, can someone PLEASE come take our order after 15 minutes of waiting for someone to come by the table. Then for refills on water. Then for salt. For the check after waiting and waiting and waiting. From the time I sat down to the time I left, I couldn't get anyone to even glance in my direction to notice if I needed anything. I did note that my server, along with others, spent the whole time with her head down setting tables as they vacated. It seems empty tables get better service here than paying customers. 

I've been here twice and had basically the same experience. I thought the first experience was maybe a fluke. No such luck.

Overall massive disappointment x2.
While I was eating here I witnessed the workers being racist towards 2 black customers. A young black couple came in and ordered take out. As they were leaving a young male employee flicked them off. The black guy caught him and came back in to speak to a manager about what had just happened. When he asked very calmly to speak to a manager the employees ignored him or gave him bullshit answers. He asked to speak to a manager and they said he is not here. He asked for the managers number and they would not give it to him so he said he would just call later. The employee that flicked him off came back inside to continue to antagonize him. The black dude asked the male employee what his name is and he replied "your dad". The black dude proceeded to leave and the male employee followed him outside to antagonize him again. The other employees pulled him away from where the black guy was standing. All I wanted was to enjoy some dim sum but instead I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. Treat your black customers with respect like other customers who are supporting your business.
This has been our favorite soup dumpling spot for the past few years...love the quick service and the delicious food!! Highly recommend the pork soup dumplings,  the general tso's chicken, and the sesame beef.  We tried the scallion pancakes tonight--yum! Also tried the egg drop soup-- be prepared for a non-traditional take on this classic...broth is quite flavorful,  and filled with strips of eggs and seaweed. 
We will be back!!
So far, my experiences here have delivered solid results. The food quality and service have not been mind-blowing, but I also haven't experienced any food poisoning or explosive diarrhea after eating here unlike at a certain other dim sum place that moved a few blocks away from this original location a few years ago.  (Sorry, gotta keep it real) 

The pricing is decent and they open pretty late, which makes it a great stop for a quick snack after a late drop off at the train or bus station nearby. 

While you are not going to unravel the very best of dim sum experiences here, it is a reliable place for all the popular options, like soup dumplings, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, HK style shumai, etc...
Tom's Dim Sum and its predecessor Dim Sum Garden represent the two go-to places for soup dumplings in the city. I ever-so-slightly prefer DSG's rendition of xia long bao to Tom's. Tom's soup dumplings taste a little fattier and have less delicate skins. They also have the tendency to congeal more during cooling than their counterparts at DSG, which makes eating them in a timely manner an issue. That being said, the xia long bao at Tom's still taste great and are worth a try. While piping hot, the broth in each thick skinned purse of goodness is rich and addictive, and the dumplings taste revelatory with a hit of vinegar and chili oil to cut the richness.

Tom's also tends to have less of a crowd than Dim Sum Garden, and service thus runs a little more pleasantly here. The other food at Tom's additionally tastes slightly better (and costs a couple bucks less) than the non dim sum offerings at DSG. Perfect fried rice, crazy-flaky scallion pancakes, deliciously chewy handmade noodles stir fried with cumin, and crispy pan fried noodle cakes have all satisfied on the cheap. Another perk is that they take credit cards ($10 minimum), which prevents running to an ATM and incurring a withdrawal fee. As such, when in the mood for soup dumplings and soup dumplings alone, DSG remains my first choice. However, when the craving for other food emerges, Tom's Dim Sum is a more than  worthy alternative for a feast on the cheap.
Came here with a group that included one Dim Sum expert. He ordered for everybody and during our first pass the waitress laughed because we got so much. We had a variety of soup dumplings, dry dumplings, scallion pancakes (pretty delicious and seems to be a yelp favorite) and noodles. We even ordered a second round with the highlights and the special of the day that was all good.

It's BYOB with no corkage which is beyond AWESOME. Ate too much hehe. It doesn't take long for the food to come out, so it may be prudent to make several smaller orders so you have time to digest in between and won't over order (I doubt this stuff would taste good after being in a doggy bag).
Ordered delivery. Everything arrived hot and looked great. Everything tasted super fresh (I tried Toms because I felt like my other go-tos had been tasting greasy and heavy). Overall very happy! Lots of leftovers for tomorrow.
We loved this accidental find that we made on our way into the Philadelphia Flower Show.

We were very hungry when we were done with the show, and it became apparent quickly that we over-ordered, but the upside was that we had a chance to try several items, all of which I liked.

Our menu for the evening included 

1. Sliced pork. Very tasty, although we were unaware ahead of time that it would be served chilled, so just know that if you order it.

2. Pork soup dumplings. Delicious and there were 8, which would have been plenty for 4 people. I'm still not sure how to eat these properly! These are pretty salty, but good.

3. Steamed pork bun. I will definitely get this again. The outside was soft and the inside was savory. It and another steamed bun arrived much later than the other food, so that might be something to know if it matters to you.

4. Chicken skewers. The indicated portion is 4 pieces. They were massive and meaty and coating on them was delicious.

5. Scallion pancakes. I'd not tried these anywhere else and didn't know what to expect. They were great here and I would order them again. The portion was big and could easily be shared by 4 people as a starter.

6. Steamed vegetable bun. Sadly, I ran out of room to try this, but it looked great.

I'm already looking forward to an excuse to get back to Tom's Dim Sum!
Food was very good, price appropriate, but our waitress was god awful. The other wait staff is really great so I gave 4 stars. But that girl really is something.
Staff were very attentive to us as we entered for a table to accomodate our pram. Seated beautifully. 

Provided Chinese tea and iced water for free, both winners. Tea was perfect  

Tonight we had roast duck on rice, 10 Porto and chive fried dumplings, Chinese broccoli  with no garlic and 4 chicken on sticks. 

Everything was very nice, standout was definitely the dumplings, fresh and delicious. 

This place is cheap but serviced with friendly and courteous staff, highly recommend it. 

Not 5 stars only due to needing to try more food. It's a five now after our second night here
I had no idea my hotel was in Chinatown. Once I found out I was on a mission to find good Dim Sum. Well, the mission was successful. What this restaurant misses in atmosphere it amply makes up for with really tasty food (Shanghai Soup Dumplings to die for)! Add a very friendly staff and really reasonable prices and this is with the gem. Heartily recommended!
See it's kinda hard to write a review when most of your thoughts are variations on "mmmmm."

Mmmmmm...

Mmmmmm!

mmmmmMMMMM!!

mm?

MMMMMMMM!!!

That, in order, is crab/pork soup dumplings, cucumber salad, beef scallion pancakes, me wondering if I can get some more tea, and spicy beef tripe.

Everything here is executed solidly. The place is bright and punchy. You can people watch folks catching the NYC bus outside. There's little not to like. I even vaguely remember people mentioning that it's BYO, but get this - the food is so good and cheap that it doesn't even occur to me to verify this nugget of wisdom or even try to bring anything to drink.

On the real though, is this place a BYO?
I never actually ate here but I got UberEats from here. They delivered to Saks, amazing! 

Anyways, my colleague & I ordered the regular soup dumplings, pan dried dumoljngs, scallion pancake & the crystal shrimp dumplings. 

Absolutely love the scallion pancake, even after the drive from Chinatown to Saks on City Ave, it was still crispy! 

The soup dumplings & the pan fried dumplings were delicious & there was still plenty of soup in the dumplings! 

As for the crystal shrimp dumplings, not a fan. I'll stick to traditional dim sum for those.
I pretty much find Tom's Dim Sum to be a more convenient Dim Sum Garden - it has the same offerings of buns and dumplings while being less crowded and accepting credit card. I ordered pork soup dumplings, pan-fried Shanghai pork dumplings, and fried pork and cabbage dumplings to share with one other person. The server mistakenly brought us chive dumplings instead of cabbage since she might have misheard me, but I like them too and honestly didn't mind. Service was otherwise fast and effective, but not overly friendly as expected at a Chinese spot. 

The chive dumplings were plump and had nice chewy homemade wraps, and the pan-fried dumplings were super juicy. The soup dumplings more of the traditional style from what I know, being bigger and thicker-skinned than the little fancy Din Tai Fung style. I find that makes them easier to pick up without breaking, and the soup inside was thick and meaty. Overall it was an affordable and filling meal, though if my stomach had more room I would've ordered a veggie dish to balance out all the carbs and meat. 

I see a number of comments complaining that this place doesn't have the carts and deep-fried stuff typical of some other dim sum spots - that's because this is Shanghai-style dim sum, not Cantonese dim sum! Please do some research before publicly criticizing a small business like this!
A standard dim sum place that doesn't really have traditional dim sum ordering but some familiar menu items. The soup dumplings were average and the pork buns were soft but a bit chewy inside. The scallion pancakes could have been flakier as well. Instead they seemed almost doughy. 


 All in all, nothing phenomenal or spectacular but if you need a bite to eat and the wait times are far too long elsewhere, this is a perfectly adequate place to give your patronage.
This byo restaurant was definitely a great pick. Probably the best dim sum Ive had in Philadelphia. The xiao long bao and chicken dumplings weren't the best, but they were pretty good. The green beans and scallion pancakes were delicious and our beef brisket soup was the perfect last dish. The decor is simple and clean. Will be coming back soon.
Came here as a group of four and ordered: chicken stick, both shanghai soup dumplings (pork, crabmeat with pork), fish dumplings (pan fried), chicken feet, and eggplant in garlic sauce.

The green tea at the beginning is actually quite good here--jasmine, and no bitterness/over-steeping.

Shanghai dumplings were the highlight of the night.  Get the crabmeat ones--the fishy kick to the pork meat adds nice flavor.   The broth in Tom's dumplings is much fattier than I'm used to, but makes for a flavorful dumpling.
I liked these soup dumplings more than the ones at Dim Sum Garden, for reference.

Pan fried fish dumplings were also good.    Chicken sticks were solid.  Eggplant was also tasty, though I was not personally a fan with the celery in it.

The chicken feet here was a bit disappointing.  The meat was difficult to get off the bone. Very sticky sauce with good flavor, though.

I was surprised how low the bill was for all the food (and this was dinner), at a little over $40 total.  The waitresses were nice and we had no communication problems.

Wish we knew it was a byob before going....didn't see any note on Yelp.
I came for the first time with some friends in town who wanted dim sum for dinner. Keeping it short because I don't have too much to elaborate on...

I liked the marinated sliced pork the most, the Shanghai soup dumplings were not bad for Philly, and HK shumai was interesting but is basically sticky rice. I'd probably go somewhere else for dim sum since I've had better.

The rest of the meal I didn't really care for and could have gone without...fried pork & chives dumplings, peking style minced pork noodles ("zhajiangmian", which did not seem authentic to me), beef pancake (the filling felt like it was stuffed in a hard shell), eggplant with garlic sauce (way too oily and heavy), and seaweed salad (kind of plain and boring). 

Not too much to say about the customer service either except for that they were too aggressive with refilling of water...
I don't know what the draw is for this place.  It was completely disappointing given the reputation.  Soup dumplings tasted like they were doped with soy sauce.  Just salty without that meaty pork flavor.  We also ordered beef chow fun (meh - no flavor), ha gao (meh - cold), Shanghai-style stir fried rice cakes (Dim Sum Garden's is much better), salt and pepper squid (super tiny portion, small pieces, not salty enough, really tough squid), and shredded pork in spicy garlic sauce (something was definitely wrong about this dish - tasted too sweet and sour, like they accidentally used vinegar.  No garlic flavor, no spice, and nothing like I've had in any other Chinese restaurant). 

At Dim Sum Garden, they bring out the soup dumplings first.  Here, they brought them out last. 

The first and last time I'll ever come here.  As soon as I saw the portion sizes, I knew we should have trekked to Sangkee instead (Dim Sum Garden was closed and it was cold and windy).  I was starving so I dug in anyways.  When I finally looked up, it was only then that I noticed we were the only Asian patrons...
Solid soup dumplings, fulfilled my craving. I got seated for one right away around 7:30pm on a Thursday. The dumplings came out within 10 minutes. The dumpling skin held up well and didn't break on me, but yeah it is a little thicker than some other places. The soup and meat were very good. The restaurant was clean. Service was alright, they were a little short with me but not outright rude. I wouldn't say this is a must-try, but it's good if you're craving soup dumplings and don't want to wait long.
It was ok.  Its right next to the Wawa and Greyhound bus station.  They had a variety of juicy buns and they had bubble tea.  It actually wasn't cheap.  Each dish was $5-7 for the dim sum.  And they didn't have shumai or beef noodles.  They noted that they were Shanghai style only, no Cantonese.
Although the owners of this place have moved on to what's now known as THE Dim Sum Garden on Race St., the dumplings here are still delicious! Pork and chives and pork and napa - you can get them panfried or boiled. We've also tried other small dim sum dishes (no carts here); I remember the soup dumplings were pretty good but the spicy tripe was just okay.

Come here for quick eat-in or take-out. The atmosphere will likely deter you from entertaining out-of-town guests here, but there's never a wait and the food is very solid for the price. Cash only.
We ordered from here last night as a finale to our week long vacation food binge. After afternoon nachos and fries we finally had accrued a drop of stomach space so obviously the only logical next step was to order noodles and dumplings.

Our usual go to is dim sum garden bc their dim sum is fire. Our focus was more the noodles in this occasion so I decided to switch some shit up and order from some place new. As you'll see from my original review, I have ordered from here before. 

We went with vegetable dumplings and vegetarian noodles. This place let's you choose a type of noodle which is simultaneously awesome but stressful for indecisive fucks like me. I have a special place in my heart for those thick, juicy ribbons of joy. 

Food came quick. The dumplings were tasty but part of the dough?/outside part was a little soggy which detracted from the enjoyment.

The noodles were SPECTACULAR. They weren't to greasy, the flavor was absolutely delicious and the sauce was perfect. I wouldn't have minded is the was a little bit more. 

Dim sum wasnt my favorite but the other entrees hit the mother fucking spot.
Sesame chicken was okay, but everything else we had gotten was amazing. Chinese broccoli was superb, as well as their shredded beef with hot peppers. We got some fried dumplings and soup dumplings -- all exceptional. It's BYOB, so no alcohol is available for purchase, which was a little disappointing after a long day, but I can see the fun in bringing your own booze when you're prepared to do so. I would love to come again! Very tasty.
We went to Tom's Dim Sum for lunch & were generally disappointed by the food. Here are more details:

Cold appetizer: Beef tendon/other slices (Fu Chi Fei Pian) in chili oil was solid. 3.5 stars 

Xiao long bao (steamed pork soup dumplings) were disappointing. There was way too much of the dumpling skin/wrapper compared to the small amount of pork filling inside the dumpling. Also, the dough of the dumpling skin/wrapper was too thick & coarse, not delicate as it should be. All the skin at the top of the dumpling was dry and hard. Unappetizing & difficult to eat. 1.5 stars

Dong po pork was not good. They used a bad cut of meat. Instead of layered fatty pork belly, it was a chunk of mostly lean meat with a thin layer of fatty skin. The lean meat was extremely overcooked & stringy & difficult to eat. 0.5 stars

Bok choy (Shanghai) was fine. Standard cooked greens. 3 stars

Service was a mixed bag. Wait staff was not always helpful in answering questions. One waiter seemed nice. Another waiter was condescending and dismissive in response to our questions. It would've been more helpful to warn us about weaknesses in the menu so we could have avoided ordering some dishes that were pretty bad.
This place is horrible. The dim sum tastes like gum. I have been to Dim Sum Garden so many times and decided since this place had good reviews, I would try it. Horrible mistake. The scallion pancakes were covered in grease, the vegetable dumplings fell apart, the shrimp dumplings had a texture of rubber...need I say more. Never coming here again.
This is a great place to have delicious dumplings and any other Asian delicacies you want! The service was exceptional and very attentive. I highly recommend this place to anybody wishing to have a taste of delicious Asian cuisine.
I want to kick myself for not coming to eat here sooner! 

Met a friend from out of town who was here for a whirlwind trip and just had enough time for a catch up lunch, then he was off on another leg of his Eastern seaboard jaunt. 

First, I am nuts about the funky location. Imagine going through a tunnel and low and behold-is that a dim sum place?! That alone made me like Tom's before I even set foot in the door. 

The restaurant is clean and plain which was fine because we were here for the food, not the decor. The menu is extensive but not overwhelming and we found the servers to be extremely friendly, pleasant and helpful. We started ordering and our waiter suggested we switch to a larger table since we were going to be getting a lot of food. He cheerily moved us.

The food started coming out and my friend Hal and I both strongly recommend both the scallion pancakes (best I have ever had anywhere!) and the pork soup dumplings if you don't order anything else here. The dumpling skin was thin and tender, making these easy as well as safe to eat. 1000% better and tastier than the ones I had at Dim Sum Garden. We also had the crystal shrimp dumplings. Sweet, fresh shrimp in an almost translucent skin-so good we practically inhaled them. 

I never make rice at home but when I go out for Chinese food, fried rice always calls to me and Tom's pork fried rice is so delicious I wanted to just grab the plate and scarf it all myself. I also ordered the spicy eggplant which was not spicy but tender, savory, garlicky and quite delicious.

Hal had the beef sticks. I didn't try them but he enjoyed them. He also had the seafood noodles. I tasted them and found the seafood fresh but other than that, there was nothing noteworthy about the dish. If you like noodles, get it. Otherwise, save room so you can order other things.

Our waiter was very solicitous without being annoying. He checked in on us several times and made us feel very welcome. I assured him this was not going to be my only visit. After we had paid our bill, we were sitting and chatting. Out waiter came over to ask if he could bring us a pot of tea on the house so we could continue to enjoy our conversation. We declined but it was a very sweet gesture. 

The men's room was spotless and I will assume the same of the women's facilities. 

Needless to say, we had a lot of leftovers which were packed up for us. I insisted Hal take them as he was leaving Philadelphia and I could come back here any time. Even several hours later, I was too full for dinner.

Tom's is not high gourmet Chinese food, but then it does not pretend to be, either. The food is clean, fresh, flavorful, well prepared and presented, prices are quite fair and the hospitality here was a real delight. What more can you ask for? Highly recommend!
Very decent vegan mapo tofu, and the veggie dumplings and veggie steamed bun have no egg in them!
2.5 stars. I was very disappointed given all the strong Yelp reviews. Previously living in the Toronto, Canada with a massive Chinese population and arguably the best Chinese food in North America, I may have higher standards now. I had a few visitors from Toronto who ate with me at Tom's and we all came to the exact same conclusion. 

My biggest issue is that I found the food overly oily and greasy. The Ho Fun and Mei Fun noodles were swimming in oily sauce and lacked real flavor. The scallion pancake was the same, so oily and disappointing and this is a normally favorite dish of mine at Shanghai restaurants. 

We tried a variety of the dumplings - the pork and cabbage, Pork and chives, vegetable and the beef. A step above the noodles for sure but still well below expectations. 

The best dish that day was the braised beef noodle soup. 

Staff were polite and friendly with good service. 

I appear to be an outlier given all the good reviews so I say try for yourself. Maybe I'm too picky but I definitely wont be back.  

BK
A solid Chinese restaurant in Philly. They have quite a few dim sum dishes, but they require you to order from the menu (no carts here). Their soup dumplings are delicious and rich in flavor, and their fried pork buns are excellent with lots of meat inside. I also enjoyed their scallion pancakes!! It's kind of in a strange location, across from the Hilton hotel under this concrete cement bridge/overhang. But actually it's pretty nice inside, and service is decent too. Overall and excellent choice to satisfy your Chinese food cravings!
Tom's dim sum is my go to for Chinese classics. DO NOT MISS THEIR SOUP DUMPLINGS! Literally the best in Philly. Don't be a noodle and bite it, either, you must slurp from the top. 

No frills restaurant, but comfy. Perfect to warm up with hot tea and beef brisket noodle soup on a cold wet day. We also got the roast pork scallion pancake sandwich and were surprised that the pork inside is cold, we checked w/ the server and it is supposed to be cold. Seemed a little strange, but delicious nonetheless. Also HIGHLY recommend the crab rangoons.

If you're visiting from out of town or showing guests around, don't forget to visit the Chinatown friendship gate (1 block away), dragon statues (2 blocks), or make sure you save room to eat your way through reading terminal market (1.5 blocks away)! 

They take cash and credit, but not Amex, and they are byob.

I took a star off for the timing. I don't mind when servers are really busy, or when the atmosphere isn't the main focus, but the food did take an incredibly long time to arrive.
Had high hopes for finding another good Dim Sum place in Chinatown, but sadly I'm not sure this is it. We came here on a Friday night with a large group and were drawn in by the BYOB option. The restaurant seems new and seems a lot cleaner than many places in Chinatown. The first thing they brought out was water and a couple kettles of tea. Although this was nice, they neglected to open our many bottles of wine for the first 15-20 minutes we were there. When they finally did (at our request) they took quite a while and brought us out regular water glasses to drink them in. Personally, I think if you're going to market your restaurant as a BYO restaurant you should at least have normal wine glasses. 

The food itself was hit and miss. We started out with some Shanghai Pork Meat Steamed Buns (which were just soup dumplings) and these were pretty good and flavorful, I would definitely recommend! We then got the vegetable noodle soup (pretty bland) and some chicken fried rice. The chicken in the fried rice was very questionable, it didn't even really look like chicken and has a weird texture and slightly pinkish color. It's kinda amazing to me that a restaurant can screw up such a simple dish and make it inedible. 

All in all, I know this restaurant is new but I think they restaurant still have a lot of kinks to work out. The only silver lining is the prices are very cheap!
Great selection of dim sum! No frills on the service end but the servers are always sure to get to you quickly. Very accommodating with cups and ice for BYOB. 

Delivery is always packaged neatly. Soup dumplings have never arrived cold or broken which is awesome!
One of the saddest parts of going back home to Oklahoma is knowing that it's going to be a long time before I have dim sum this good again. In OKC, there are only two places that serve dim sum and only on the weekends. So I want Y'all (or is it yous guys?) in Philly to know that you better not be taking this place for granted.

I had the scallion egg pancake and the pork soup dumplings. The pancake was my absolute favorite. I've had one before, but not on this level. I had never had soup dumplings before. So, needless to say, I was surprised when there was literally a perfect sack of soup exploding in my spoon after a bite. My co workers had fried dumplings and general tao's chicken (I can't believe one of them didn't try dumplings). 

So the next time you're here, have an extra dumpling for your friends out in the Midwest dreaming of steaming hot buns and crispy pancakes.
Decided to go to "Tom's Dim Sum" because it's conveniently across the street from the Hilton Garden Hotel. Amazing food here! Taste absolutely authentic and fresh. The Seaweed Egg Soup, General Tso's Chicken Over Rice over white rice and Fried Chives & Pork Dumplings were phenomenal! I highly recommend this spot.
Left a bad taste in my mouth: literally - lump of MSG on my tongue - yuck!

Order the special (off menu) cumin noodles with choice of seafood, beef, chicken or vegetables.  Traveling alone and light, made it to the hotel at 8:30pm, was really looking forward to a delicious meal and landed at Tom's around 8:45pm. 

The waitress was a young lady (not Asian) who is extremely unhelpful for some reason. I asked what kind of fish was in the "Fish Fillet Schezhuan Style", and she replied, "Fish fillet". Hmmm... 

I decided on the cumin noodles with seafood AND vegetables. She told me I can't order this, I can only select one item. I explained I was willing to pay more (a girl has to try eat healthier on the road by adding vegetables!), she runs off to discuss with a colleague, and then return to stand bright eyed in front of me, silent.  So can I order seafood and vegetables?  Yes, it would be $13. Fine, yay!

The texture of the noodles is actually great. The flavor of the cumin was really unique. What was horrid was when I bit into the shrimp, A hunk of MSG spread all over my tongue and left this "chemical burn" taste. Yuck. 

I traveled light: two credit cards, hotel room key and ID. It's $15 CC minimum & they don't take AE (paid with Visa). The waitress come to tell me there's no way they can accept my payment. I showed her all I have, and she shrugged her shoulder. Obviously, she's not solution oriented. I bypass her to the counter and spoke with the Asian lady. It's 50 cents more to charge on the Visa. Fine!  It turns out the noodles was only $10.75, not $13. 

Oh, and while I was eating, the staff felt a need to start stacking chairs all around me around 9pm. They close at 10:30pm. Listen to the beats of the chairs!

Totally disappointed. Left a bad taste in my mouth, literally. I need a lemon kale juice cleanse to wash my mouth!
This is my go-to in Chinatown! Even though it's on the outskirts, it retains authenticity and high quality food for low prices. The place is no frills, but looks objectively nicer than any other comparable Chinatown restaurant. They're also BYO! The management is incredible and seems to always find a way to seat us. The last time I went with a group of 10, we had no reservation and were caught in the rain. I couldn't think of anywhere else that would accomodate us. The staff pushed three tables together while we ran to the bathroom to dry off. The food comes out quickly and right as it's done. They have great vegan options and even some vegan dim sum. My favorite is the vegetable bao! They also have an amazing sesame ball dessert in rice wine soup (also vegan). I'll always make this place part of my Chinatown ritual!
I'm now hooked on Tom's Dim Sum.

I've been a number of times since my first review, with an influx of visits in the last few weeks. It's a testament to the food and overall experience that this place gets just as packed as other dim sum places in the neighborhood.

My recent favorites have been:
- Pork Soup Dumplings (obviously - a must-order)
- Scallion Pancake (seriously... so savory and crispy and delicious)
- Marinated Sliced Pork (served cold, and still super meaty and flavorful)
- Stir Fred Vegetable Noodles (full of flavor and addictive)

Just as good, if not better, than Dim Sum Garden - maybe even a tad cheaper, and typically less of a wait (if at all.)
So, if you follow my Yelp journey, you will know my battle with Dim Sum Garden has been nothing short of strife.  I love dim sum but each time I visited DSG, I was sorely disappointed.  When my mom wanted to go out in Chinatown for some soup dumplings, I remembered the Yelp review of the day for Tom's Dim Sum and figured we would try it out.  Boy was I impressed! 

The space is so clean, spacious, and in a centralized location and also BYOB.  They accept reservations and cards - 2 things DSG did not accept. 

The menu is versatile and affordable.  We started with some dumplings and also got chicken and broccoli and chicken friend rice.  Tasty as hell.  This is the new spot and I can't wait to come back!
I was really excited to try Tom's Dim Sum, because I had heard great things. They are also the sister/brother restaurant to Dim Sum Garden, which I am quite a fan. 

We walked in and it was crowded, but not packed. The dining area and bathroom were clean and kept well. The menu is quite similar to the one at Dim Sum Garden, give or take 15 items on tbe menu, and seemingly higher price tags. We decided to go with the Crab&Pork Soup Dumplings, Cumin Noodles with Beef, and the Walnut Shrimp (because of cravings). 

While the dumplings tasted the same as those at the other location, the rest of the meal was lacking. The noodles were okay, but nothing spectacular. They didn't have that same chewiness as we were used to. The walnut shrimp was a disaster. They charge $15.99 for 8 shrimps. Normally, we can get much more elsewhere, and theyre the even larger shrimp. The rice that came with it was dry and bland as well. The service was also a little strange as they would hover until I finished the last few bites on my plate, and then take it away. 

All in all, I probably will not be coming back.
I have been here so many times and each time I go is better than the last.  I used to frequent dim sum garden until this place opened (which accepts credit cards) and there is never a line.  The service is wonderful and fast.  The food is the same, if not better.  The menu is huge.  The soup dumplings are so fresh and delicious.  

Also, I've had several different items on the menu and for some reason the sesame chicken here is the best I've ever had.  It is so crunchy on the outside and juicy inside.  The sesame sauce is delicious.  

Honestly, I have never been disappointed with any dish I order here.
This is one of my favorite finds while in Philadelphia and exploring Chinatown. It's a modern restaurant and serve excellent Chinese food. It's definitely not your typical Chinese food, but the flavor is refreshing and clean. We particularly enjoyed their sweet and sour ribs (after they remake it, not sure if it was a wrong plate or just normally not sweet nor sour) - again not the typical Panda's flavor but much better and refreshing, we couldn't stop eating! Many people around us also ordered soup dumplings and rice dishes, which all look delicious.
