While at the Reading Terminal Market the other day, I just took my chances and tried Tommy DiNic's.  I am glad I did.  

The sandwich was delicious.  I ordered the most expensive one on the menu, which was the brisket.  But I also got provolone and broccoli rabe with it.  The meat was very well marinated, and I liked how the provolone was pungent.  Many eateries won't do that because most Americans don't like pungent cheese.  The broccoli rabe had also been perfectly sauteed with lots of garlic.

It's so much fun eating at the counter with all the people wandering by in the market.  The service was very efficient and no-nonsense, which I like.

It's a foodie's place.  The prices were relatively low, too.
I think I ordered the wrong thing.

The wait for Tommy DiNic's and overall 4-starness on Yelp both said "Yo, youze, guh head get a sammich." So, I hopped in line ... and it moved too quick ... because before I had time to read Yelp reviews, I was at the front, faced with choosing a sandwich: Roast Pork, Roast Beef, Italian Sausage, Meatball, Hand-carved Italian-style Pulled Pork, or Hand-carved Brisket of Beef plus toppings: Sharp Provolone, Peppers, or Greens.

In a panic, I opted for the most expensive ($11.50) Hand-carved Brisket of Beef Sandwich with Hot Peppers & Provolone ($1.75 extra). It didn't take long to get the sandwich. It was loaded ... with disappointment. The meat was bitter, the peppers lacked heat, and the provolone was playing hide-n-seek. 

Tommy DiNic's is famous for its sandwiches and a popular attraction in Philadelphia's Reading Terminal Market, but for $13.25, I was reminded to "check Yelp twice ... order once" because clearly I ordered the wrong thing.
You go right ahead and have your Philly cheesesteak while I stand and watch Tommy "DiNic", (Tommy Nicolosi)  himself, pull a pork shoulder out of a slow cooking oven, lay the pork on a board and start pulling it apart, enough to fill a twelve inch provolone lined roll, stuff it more than he needs to and then ladle pork juice with cracklings and red wine in the drippings laced with onions, all over the top. 

That may have been the longest sentence in yelp history, but I needed to take you there. Circling the Terminal, deciding what I wanted to share with five others, as our grand finale, belly stuffing, need to try it all feast, I kept returning to watch the magic that DiNic's conjures up. 

When I came by for my final stare, he knew my face well. I asked him if he served the pulled pork with a barbecue sauce and he grimaced an emphatic no. Okay then I will have the pulled pork with provolone, onions and roasted red peppers on the side. 

His team mate quickly pulled a pork shoulder out of the oven and went to work at building my sub as I marveled at all the awards he has won. 

In the meantime, he pulled a beef brisket out of the oven and took a quick slice of it and said it's perfect, then turned to me and said, "the window for timing this roast is very narrow and it is crucial to do it just right." He then sliced a nice sized piece for me, even though others were standing around, watching and drooling all over their t-shirts and sneakers. 

Laying the brisket on three napkins deep and sucking up all of those wonderful juices, I quickly pulled it off the napkin and bounced it into my mouth. It was like butter, so tender and juicy, it melted in my mouth as well as a good filet mignon would. 

Regretting ordering the pulled pork at that moment was quickly redeemed when we got to our final resting spot and I took one bite of the pulled pork sandwich. Heaven on a bun and why I question the almighty cheesesteak as being the iconic sandwich of Philadelphia. 

DiNic's roasts their meat for eight hours, in a slow oven, constantly basting it. They also serve thinly sliced roast pork, chicken, veal and sausage sandwiches. All toppings are an additional seventy five cents, which is a steal for a foot long top quality meat sandwich. My total came to eight dollars and it was worth twice that. 

Next time I will stuff my face with the ultra tender beef brisket that has slowly marinated in beef broth, thyme, onions, garlic, red wine and tomato sauce. 

Whatever you get, grab extra napkins, including one to use as a bib and plan to pig out on one of the best sandwiches you will ever wrap your mouth around.
I'm not into pork sandwiches or pork chops or pork anything usually but this pork sandwich is a crowd pleaser.

Tender melt in your mouth pork sliced thin with au jus and good service sitting on a counter with other hard working people make this a destination favorite with the locals.

The bread is fresh and they give you hot or mild peppers with your manwich if you ask.

We split one but one is enough for a grown man for sure since it's loaded with meat.

This sandwich is rated one of the best in Philly and I can taste why!
Tommmmyyyyy D's! Listen, it's hard work deciding on what wonderful treat you'll take home with you from Reading Terminal Market, but you can never go wrong with a pork sammie from Tommy DiNic's. For real, these are amazing. Don't compare them to the other Philly staples (notably the cheesesteak or an Italian hero) because the sandwich game is so strong out there you need to place everything in its own respective category. For the pork sammich category, my award for best in Philly is from here, no doubt. Though there are pulled and beef options, the standard order is a roast pork with add-ons of broccoli rabe and provolone. Don't go without them. The pork is juicy and combined with the bitter rabe and sharp prov, there are some amazing bites to be had. I usually share one of these (I always get a BEC pretzel and Reading too) but you can rock one solo if you have an appetite. There is usually a line but they know what they're doing and it moves quite fast. Get it got it guud. Enjoy! 

Protip: find a counter seat and order there to skip the line
[969]

8/3/2019

We were in Reading Terminal Market and hubby wanted a roast pork sandwich.

We picked one up "extra wet".   The wait time is short. 

Make sure you pay attention as the server almost gave our sandwich away to another person.  The person actually had it in their hand.

My suggestion would be for this establishment to ask names if they are having people wait off to the side.  

The sandwich was tasty and would definitely be back.
So from the glowing Yelp reviews, I had to stop at Tommy DiNic's while I was in Philly. 

This place is super convenient to the Greyhound bus stop, which is around the corner.

Located in Reading Terminal, this place isn't that hard to find. It has its own island in the middle of the terminal.

I came to eat lunch pretty early, around 11am, so there weren't that many people there and there wasn't any line. So I sat at the sandwich bar.

Tried the infamous broccoli rabe and roast pork sandwich with provolone cheese. Unfortunately I wasn't that impressed. While the sandwich was very fresh in its ingredients, it was pretty dry and there wasn't much flavor to it.

On a positive note, the service was quick (but then again it was slow) and the waiters and waitresses were friendly.
This place is fine and over-hyped on food network, etc.
While their sandwiches with roasted pork broccoli or beef brisket are freshly made, I would not get out of my way to eat them.

It was nice to see the food being prepared in the clean open kitchen.

The service was efficient.

I waited around ten minutes prior to be seated at the counter.
Despite all of the accolades, the roast pork sandwich was a miss for me. 

After looking at the line wrapped around the counter, and recalling all of the good things I'd heard and read about this place, I figured that the sandwiches at DiNics must be fabulous. So, I got in line. It moved very fast thanks to the efficiency of the sandwich builders and the employees taking orders and money.

I ordered the famous roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe (10.25, $8.50 without add-ons). A generous portion of roast pork was placed on the cheese with the broccoli topping it all. Seeing the "wet" sandwiches ahead of mine - thanks to the jus - I asked for mine to be "dry". When I unwrapped my sandwich and tasted it, the pork was juicy, but flavorless, and the bread was soggy, which is something that I hate! 

I'm not sure what people love about this sandwich. After a couple of bites, it was clear that the broccoli and provolone didn't seem to go well with the pork and neither added any flavor to the sandwich. I wouldn't eat this again as it wasn't worth the money or the calories. 

There's no question that this pales in comparison to the roast pork sandwich at Paseo's in Seattle. How disappointing...
In planning my visit to Reading Terminal Market on Tues., I wasn't planning on stopping by DiNic's, even though I knew their pork sandwich was the most famous food served there.  However, my train from Pittsburgh ran late and didn't make its usual 30 min. lunch stop in Harrisburg, so I was ravenous by the time I reached RTM at 3:30pm.  Between my hunger and the off hour, I decided to make the most of the opportunity and get the famed pork sandwich after all.

Based on other Yelpers' recommendations, I ordered the sliced roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe of Man vs. Food fame ($10.25), which I made sure to get "wet" (i.e., with extra sauce).  I don't believe I've ever had broccoli rabe before, so I wasn't sure what to expect, but I found the first bite, which consisted mostly of it, a bit off-putting due to its bitterness.  Subsequent bites, which contained more pork, cheese, and sauce, were more balanced, but the bitterness of the broccoli rabe was still evident.  The sandwich was definitely very flavorful and was quite filling, satisfying my great hunger.  If I were to order it again, however, I would order it without the rabe, since I have a low tolerance for bitterness.  Keep this in mind if you're like me in this respect!

Because I went at an off hour, there was no line, so I was able to order and receive my food in ~5 min.  Service was friendly and efficient, so no complaints there.  In sum, I'm glad I tried this Philly delicacy, but if I return, I'll order a sandwich sans broccoli rabe next time!
Everyone knows about Philadelphia cheesesteaks. Do you know about its older and cooler sister the roast pork sandwich? For lessons, visit Tommy DiNic's in the Reading Terminal Market. They are tucked into the middle near the 12th Street side with a long counter and a take out area. Access is easy to SEPTA and subway.

Pork has experienced a renaissance in the United States, although these guys never gave up. Massive pork roasts come out of the oven each day to be sliced thin and piled into rolls with cheese and toppings. The classic is to pair the pork with aged provolone and broccoli rabe. This combination works well as the cheese flavor and rabe compliment the mild pork for a really great flavor and mouth feel.

There are many places for a good roast pork sandwich, but the lunch counter inside the Reading Market is great for people watching. My sandwich came at lightning speed. You can also choose Italian pulled pork as an alternative which may be better if you want a bit juicier sandwich.

The atmosphere is chaotic, but the sandwiches at Tommy DiNic's are delicious. Prices and service are fair for the location. There are lots of places to eat inside the market, but their combination of pork and cheese will help everyone finish their broccoli.
Up until 2005 I thought Philadelphia was all Cheesesteaks. Boy was I wrong. Before I was even yelping I heard grumblings of 1 sandwich to rule them all. My first trip to Reading Terminal Market had me preaching that very bold statement. 3 trips to Philly and this was my first Roast Pork. They may sell more cheesesteaks in Philly and yes you can get decent one's all over the country, but I have never had a roast pork like Dinic's. I'm only writing this after a few more trips to try the competition.

The best sandwich in American.

A few things you should know is that if you plan to go here now the service was WAY better in years past and the lines not as long, but they move quickly, not fast, but quick. Had I written this review 8 years ago there would have been nothing bad to say about it, but with more insight I can say it's a delicious sandwich. The best of it's kind and the best in America, but with prices going up, lines getting longer, service slipping and the sandwich builds getting sloppier I have to admit I'll only get 1 per trip and not on the way in and out of town.

The slow roast pork has simple seasonings, sliced thin after a long rest. The broccoli rab is nice and bitter. For those spinach lovers who have never had broccoli rab your in for a surprised, it's much more full, much more bold and nuttier. The sharp provolone is great, I actually like extra on mine. It's a bit like hand crumbled bleu cheese in that there isn't uniformity in pieces. The roll is somewhat soft, but good crust and it holds up to the meat being heated in the jus before serving. The garlic aftertaste is comforting. The Brisket is kind of bland (glad I shared it), roast beef is also excellent like the pork, but get the peppers, shaved thin, but needs horseradish only works on the beef and not the pork. 

Italian sausage is fresh, but overpowered by the fennel taste. I wish I had more pepper or some countering taste in the sausage itself. I'll take an authentic brat over an authentic Italian sausage. Meatballs are large, but tastes more like meatloaf. The breads are standard across the board. The sauce could be real ragu to take it above.

It's a must stop, it's a superb sandwich. The Roast Pork is amazing, still the best in the only city you can really get it, but I have to admit it's stock is falling.
When I made my list of places to eat for my last trip to Philadelphia, I wasn't planning to visit Tommy DiNic's again since I went there before 4 years ago and was planning to go to John's Roast Pork instead.  But since I just happened to be at Reading Terminal Market and the fact that I walked by their stand several times in the morning, I just couldn't resist having another one of their epic Roast Pork Sandwiches, which at one time was Travel Channel's Best Sandwich in America.

Roast Pork topped with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Cheese -- http://bit.ly/2vllTRY
I'm glad to say that DiNic's still makes a mean Roast Pork sandwich.  Just look at this cross section (http://bit.ly/2vl5Gwc), it's loaded!  The pork was tender and flavorful just as it was last time.  And this time I actually finished my sandwich!

I did stop by John's Roast Pork the next day to see which is better.  They're both really good but they're both different in flavor mainly because one has broccoli rabe and the other has spinach.  I guess it just depends which you're in the mood for.  I can go for either one really, but in the end I figured I liked John's better, sorry DiNic's.

Regardless of which is better, I still highly recommend DiNic's Roast Pork, especially if you're at Reading Terminal Market and craving a great sandwich for lunch.
Screw cheesesteaks from Philly. I gave them three chances and they got three strikes from me. I have now found my Philly cheese sandwich in the form of roast pork and broccoli rabe from Tommy DiNic's.

Thank you Tommy for restoring my faith in a Philly sandwich! I'm in LOVE!

Oh my goodness, the roast pork is delicious and worth the wait! We stood in the to go line for what seemed like almost half an hour before we realized we could just sit down at the counter if there was an empty seat. Service was quick and extremely friendly.

We shared a sandwich, for it was huge and there was so much more to eat at Reading Terminal Market. I highly suggest trying a sandwich here, even taking a few to go. Damn it's good, juicy, and the bread is soft. Everything just goes so well together. I love how the Provolone melts into the sandwich. It's just right.

I will be back for the roast beef. I will bring a friend and he/she will get the roast pork. We will half the sandwiches and do a switcharoo. I will eat it all and be even more satisfied than the first time. This is the plan.
This was a great sandwich joint.  The meat is tasty and juicy.  Saw tons of people enjoying this rich and tasty sandwich.   Yummmm
Time for a review after my second go round to trying out this iconic Philly sandwich in the bustling Reading Terminal.  I was underwhelmed the first time and chalked it up to over-inflated expectations but returning with an open mind and an empty stomach, I must say that for the price structure and quality of sandwich construction, there has got to be a better execution for what should be an amazing sandwich, and my gut tells me that John's Roast Pork which has the James Beard plaque and higher Yelp ratings may be the answer.  I suppose the downside to any tourist favorite is that one becomes complacent with execution since prices start inflating, service can be occasionally surly, and shortcuts replace finesse and quality of base ingredients.  

Let's start with the ingredients, the roast pork is moist but there's a difference in soggy vs succulent.  When I hear roast pork, I think of crispy smoky edges, caramelization of fat, and different interfaces of intense and neutral seasonings on each slice of meat.  I felt like I got a mound of pulled pork that was rehydrated in its own juices resembling a homogeneous underseasoned porkchop.  

I'm a huge fan of broccoli rab, so I'm all in favor of placing it on a sandwich, and I think one has two options to go here: boil the heck out of them to cut a bit of the bitterness and perhaps cook them with a hunk of salty ham to infuse additional porkiness so that they resemble a cousin of collard greens OR crisp them under a charcoal grill to add some crunch and balance the bitterness with some caramelized sweetness.  They do neither here since it just tastes like boiled underseasoned greens.  

In terms of the provolone cheese, I would prefer that they melt it much like a cheesesteak, but I get the idea of leaving it intact so that the sharpness stands out against the other components, but either make the sandwich less girthy so that one gets cheese in every bite or distribute the cheese on both sides of the bread so one doesn't get bites that have too much or too little cheese.  One final minor critique would be to consider toasting the bread so that it holds up against the wet ingredients but it may be too inefficient due to the long lines so I'll let that one go.

Which brings me to the final issue which is the price structure:  the baseline sandwich includes the meat only whereas one has to add the addition of cheese, greens, or peppers (hot or sweet) for $1 (one) or $1.75 (for two, what happens if I want all 3??).  Not only is this a little bit of nickel and diming, but if you advertise yourself as an iconic sandwich, shouldn't one have all three built into the price structure and have folks make omissions on request?  It's like paying general admission for a U2 concert but you have to pay extra to include The Edge and Larry Mullen to play alongside Bono....I can't respect that.  There's also an option for their special hot sauce on request but all this screams to me that they really need help to add seasoning and flavor to their sandwich since it really should stand alone with just the basic three (meat, broccoli rab, and cheese).  

It's not a bad sandwich and enjoying it in Reading Terminal is definitely a fun experience, but I grew tired of it after a few bites so I'm looking forward to better renditions of it elsewhere in the city.
For the very first time , I went to Philly and didn't have a cheese steak. I know , seems weird to go and not have one right ? Especially with so many great locations such as Geno's , Pats , and my favorite Tony Luke's. So anyway I've been to the reading terminal market before and I already told my wife I have my heart set on this sandwich. The roast pork and broccoli rabe sandwich.  It was love at first bite lol.  The sandwich was so big we just split it. One hero and two bottles of water for under twenty bucks. I think that's a deal. Next time you visit Philly and all you can think about is having a cheesesteak , I strongly urge you to try this sandwich first.  It definitely gives the cheesesteak a run for its money.  SoooooOoooOOoooo Good !!!!!
I recognize that I am in the overwhelming minority here - but WHAT THE FUCK???

If Tommy DiNic's is one of the best roast pork sandwiches in America, then I permanently give up my citizenship.  This place was NOT worth the hype, and was barely worth the 15 minute lineup!

Like many of you, I came here because it was featured on TV shows, in magazines, on Yelp etc.  I stood in line at lunch, and ordered the 'classic' of roasted pork, provolone, and broccoli rabe.  But unlike many of you who wrote reviews, I was not impressed at all.  The pork lacked flavor, the broccoli rabe lacked the zing, the bread was grocery store quality.  What am I missing here?

I feel like I am saying something sacrilegious by suggesting that these sandwiches were crappy, but I hope that this review helps point a future Yelper in a better direction.

Do me a favor - click "Useful" if you also didn't like the sandwiches at Tommy DiNic's.  I want to see if it was just me, or if this place is just hype.
Pretty good!

I had absolutely zero expectations walking to Tommy DiNic's.  In fact, I was a tag along, as my girlfriend brought me here because this was one of her favorite places to get a sandwich when she lived in Philly.

We split a roast pork sandwich ($9.50), and they create it right in front of you, pulling the dripping pork out and slapping it on the bun, followed by the toppings you like.  Those toppings include Sharp provolone, roasted peppers and greens.  Each are $1 or $1.75 for two.  We got the greens and provolone.  There's also fresh horseradish that you can pack on to your heart's content.

So how was it?  Better than I thought, I have to say.  I don't particularly like wet, dripping sandwiches but all components of the sandwich to me were fresh and the flavors bold.  I was also pretty impressed with the bread, which handled the liquid from the pork well.  

Located in Reading Terminal, when we visited the crowds at reading were large, but even so, service was quick at Tommy's. Seating at the actual DiNic's location can be scarce, although you can find seating elsewhere in Reading Terminal.

Not a Philly cheese steak, but I really enjoyed the sandwich I tried at Tommy DiNic's.  Would I base an entire trip around it?  Nah, but if you happen to be close, it may be worth your time!
Last one for now.  I'm going to get fired if I keep this up.

I can't help it.  Philly was so much fun.

A highlight was this place.  Have you ever been to the Grand Central Market in LA?  This is that times four.  Though the Grand Central is down the block from 500 Days of Summer and the store where OJ got his knife, still,  I think I like the Reading Terminal Market better.  And for a multiple bypass on a roll?  DiNic's.

I slipped from my engagement early and arrived before noon.  There were a thousand places from which to choose in the Market, all the stalls, all the vendors under the sun.  I used my gastro ouija board, I spun the wheel.  I grabbed the last stool at the counter and begged me an Italian Pork with peppers.

Utters expletive.

Seriously, as I sit here sending this to you I'm faint with the hunger, wanting to eat the memory.  This place is simply amazing.  I would, no foolin, fly back to Philly just to hit the market a second time.  To tempt the fates, to shorten my wingspan.  I do not care.  My days are numbered.  I'm going to fill each minute of each day with as many stars as I possibly can.

The stumble on DiNic's was pure luck, simple serendipity.  I owe the goddess a debt of gratitude.
[nostalgia]

I used to love Tommy DiNic's.  When I lived in Philly, this was one of my regular pit-stops in Center City.  Smack in the heart of Reading Terminal Market, DiNic's carnivorous concoctions were the source of much gastronomic delight (and elevated cholesterol levels).  I'd stop by DiNic's at least once per month.

[/nostalgia]

In the intervening years, though, a lot has changed.  When I stopped by other other day for a quick lunch, I saw that my plans for a speedy meal were averted by a line stretching halfway across the entire market.  The friendly, cheery staff were gone, replaced by folks who barely look up from the cash register while taking your order.

I wasn't going to let that stop me from having one of their sandwiches, though.  

After muscling my way to a seat at the counter, I ordered a roast beef sub with provolone and broccoli rabe -- two of my favorite traditional fixins.  The turn-around was prompt but gave a clear "eat faster and get the hell out of here" vibe.

The sandwich itself was completely average.  The roast beef was flavorful and juicy, but it was a little tough.  The broccoli rabe was bright and fresh, but I thought it was bitter and undercooked.  A generous dollop of spicy horseradish helped temper the bitterness, thankfully.  It still didn't taste anything like the DiNic's I used to know, though.

This begs the question: What changed?  DiNic's food or my palate?

Maybe both?

I'll leave that question to the philosophers.
I say it's more of a 3.5, but it was definitely better the second time I had it. I first heard of this place when it was featured on Adam Richman's show and he claimed it was one of America's great sandwich. It was good but not really great, it's a nice sandwich but not particularly exciting. I would have been pretty bored if I finished the whole sandwich.

The food:

Roast Pork- Sharp Provolone, Broccoli Rabe, Hot Peppers. I thought the flavor of the roast pork was nice but I wasn't crazy about the texture of the meat, the rabe comes off bitter and it kinda tasted plain and boiled, the hot peppers did have a nice kick but I am not normally a fan of vinegar and heat. The sharp provolone was great and it went with the roast pork well. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MI41o02TnWE2IKbp6pSVSw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
I think I saw this place on Discovery channel or the Food Network so once I saw the place in Reading terminal market, I was drawn to it.  Also the delicious smells of their pork lured me in like a fish on a hook.

So we waited in the long line that wrapped around the Tommy DiNic stand.  While we waited, we got to watch them cut up the fresh juicy pork.  It was a sight to behold, an almost religious experience.  We finally placed our orders of the Roast pork sandwich with provolone & broccoli rabe and the beef brisket w/provolone.  Then all 8 of us went back to the car and devoured them, stinking up the car and causing bums to walk by and get a whiff of the deliciousness.  

This place is awesome.  I favored the pork over the beef, it was slightly more juicy and I loved the broccoli rabe.  Half of one of these sandwiched caused carb-itis.  Immediate sleeping ensued.  

Next time I'm back in Philly, find me here.
Holy cow, this place is amazing! During a recent visit to Philly for a friend's nuptials, we stayed right next door to Reading Terminal Market and we made many a visit during our time there. 

Tommy DiNic's was on the short list of must try places so we made it a priority on our last day in town to order their famous pork sandwich. Absolutely mouthwatering and delicious from first bite to last. I almost wish I had ordered another for my flight back to Vegas. 

You have to try it when you're in town. Just do it.
We basically stopped here because the Roast Pork Sandwich was on a TV show and was voted the Best Sandwich in America.  While I don't agree with that (or Popeye's Chicken), it was pretty darn good.

The roast pork was sliced thin and was juicy.  The broccoli rabe was mega-garlicky and so delicious that I wanted to order just a side of it.  And the provolone was sharp and flavorful and nothing like most provolone I've had.  A great sandwich, and my first time eating broccoli rabe on a sandwich.

This place inside Reading Terminal Market has a counter with stools that wrap around so customers can order and eat their grub.  It can get crowded so I'd say if you're down for a sandwich, try and time it not during peak hours.  Based on my 3 hours at the market on a Friday Morning/Afternoon, I'm not sure when it's not busy.
OH BABY!!  OH BABY!! delicious goodness I can't say no to.

While shopping at Reading Market, I of course had to refuel and the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone was perfect. My son and his girlfriend wanted to eat Mexican and Greek, my sons best friend who is pretty much our son, and his girlfriend decided to join me and have their first Tommy DiNic's sandwich!! Winner choice!!

Tommy DiNic's runs like a well oiled machine, place your sandwich and beverage order, pay, grab your lunch and go. The roast pork sandwich is a good size sandwich, definitely shareable but not unheard of to solely consume LOL.

Provolone cheese is placed on the bottom of a sandwich roll, then they layer thin slices of seasoned roasted pork, tender and juicy. I just want to add they really give you generous portion of the pork, now they add whatever veg you decided on that they offer, there is a $1 charge for the add-on's. I go with the broccoli rabe. If you don't know what broccoli rabe is, it is not regular broccoli and it's not sweet like spinach. It's a bit bitter and when cooked with garlic, olive oil and crushed chili pepper it is OMG heaven. I never tasted this particular veg until I married my MR-- but let me tell you-- I have grown to love this veggie and make it often at home but on this roasted pork sandwich it is indeed a match made in heaven, it compliments it for sure. However if you don't want veg or rabe, just omit it.

i cannot wait to get back here, the sandwich is calling my name.
I've seen Tommy DiNic's so many times on Travel Channel that I felt it was a sign telling me to go to Philadelphia and get their Roast Pork!!  Well that day finally came!

This is the first thing that gets your attention when you walk up to their counter.  Just look at this roast pork (http://bit.ly/15bn51P).

The Famous Roast Pork Sandwich topped with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Cheese. --  http://bit.ly/1dgC9Ey
This has been voted on Travel Channel as the Best Sandwich in America.  Well I'm not sure if it's the best Roast Pork sandwich in Philly since this was my first time having it over there, but man was this sandwich seriously good!  I'm mean SERIOUSLY good!  The pork was so tender and flavorful and the sauteed broccoli rabe and provolone just added more moisture to the sandwich that made it all go together nicely.

They don't make roast pork sandwiches like this in the Bay Area where I'm from.  So making the pilgrimage all the way to Philly to have one of these is definitely a huge deal.  I will definitely come back for more!
I love a great sandwich and DiNic's shaved pork with provolone is one of those sandwiches.  It's huge and filled with plenty of delicious pork and cheese.  The bread is great, too.  My only regret?  Not adding the broccoli rabe.  But I will next time.
I've been to DiNic's a few times when we lived near Philly.  
Their thinly sliced pork sandwich is the bomb.  I get it with broccoli rabe and their sharp provolone.  A juicy tasty sandwich on amoroso roll that just keeps me coming back. So sift thru the crowds at Reading Station and find and enjoy one!
Sod sandwich sit, supposedly the best sandwich shop in Philly! It was solid good, but we have a lot of good sandwich shops in San Francisco Bay Area. Especially, they use Bánh Mì bread. So it's nothing that we haven't tried! 

Quick and efficient service, if you are in Philly, it's worth it to check it out, but don't need to go out of your way for it! Just saying!
They have their ish down to a science! $9.75 for nearly everything on the menu and it is all super fresh, cooked on premises, and super tasty. The line was wrapped around 2 aisles but I was lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar. Their traditional sandwich is with sliced pork but I was told their pulled was juicer. Torn, I asked for 1/2 and 1/2. 

The pulled was definitely the winner. So juicy and flavorful! Add Parmesan cheese and broccoli rave and it is a WINNER! 

Definitely worth the hype!
What can I possibly say that may add or subtract from the hundreds of other previous reviews? 
Lines...oh the lines...snag a seat if you see one ASAP regardless of how many people you have with you...you can share the space...1 seat was plenty for the 4 of us. 
Food...be prepared to order when you sit....the roast pork with broccoli rabe and provolone is the tourist choice. It was ok...bread did tend to get a little soggy but the ingredients were enough to make up for it. Roast Beef was mezz-mezz...
Service...don't expect conversation or suggestions...they are all business. 
Overall...so/so experience...all hype, worth a try and move on. ..you're better off going to Tony Lukes for their Roasted Pork sandwich...to die for...seriously.
You let me down, DiNic's.  I had high hopes, and you dashed them with a flavorless pile of wet cardboard on a tiny hoagie.  At least it smelled great, right?
I waited in line for thirty minutes to try your roast pork with peppers.  I had intended to get another sandwich, but by the time I had reached the front of the line, you were out of everything except the roast pork and sausage.
Given the rave reviews, I'll assume that it's a problem of popularity encouraging mediocrity.  Don't let high demand cause your quality to suffer.

Overall, 4/10.
This is purely for service/staff. We came not that long ago and were hoping to try one of their "famous" sandwiches. However they had sold out of their meats and were "closed." However, there are good ways to tell potential customers that they are closed and there are "other" ways: 

I didn't appreciate that one of the DiNic's workers was scoffing at people who were asking if DiNic's was open - his response was "Don't you see that there is no line? That mean's we're closed. There is always a line around (pointing) when we're still serving." Uh, no thank you man. Why don't you just say "I'm sorry but we've already sold everything for the day. But please come back tomorrow!"

Because of your rudeness, I think I'm going to just find somewhere else to get a sandwich from. I can pass on your sandwich because your service just took away my appetite.
The hype surrounding Dinic's was tangible. For at least three visits, I gazed at the long lines and thought, "Hell no!" Then, one fateful afternoon, I stumbled upon a sight I thought I'd never see: Dinic's with no line! Of course, I had to dash over to snatch up a sandwich.

For our first visit, we had the classic roast pork and the brisket. Both of us actually found the brisket way more delicious-possibly even worth the looooong wait in line and being tortured by the surrounding smells and sights of delicious Reading Terminal Market food. Definitely worth the price, especially for the brisket. Juicy, tender, savory meat stuffed in freshly baked bread that seemed a little delicate for the meaty beast it contained. I couldn't imagine taking this sandwich to go, for fear that it would become a soggy mess. I recommend the sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and peppers on top. Heaven, in a plastic basket. Hell, I'd give it five stars for the brisket alone.
After watching an episode of Man vs. Food and seeing the famous Roast Pork and Broccoli Rabb sandwich, we decided to bookmark it and head down to Reading Terminal for lunch.

When we got there the line wasn't too bad, but there was one. I'm glad we did, because it was one of the best sandwiches I ever had. Roast Pork on a soft bagette with sauteed broccoli rabb on top and just the flavor of the juices from the meat. That's it and it was absolutely perfect. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IWHdx0NhDKADkGOgXgOFKQ?select=fW47moM0lMZjeed9u41AcQ

I really can't get over how good this was and we split one huge footlong sandwich, so it goes to show you that you don't have to pay top dollar to get the top sandwich.
Tried the famous Tommy Dinic's pork sandwich and it was indeed quite good! The pork is tender and juicy and the sandwich is surprisingly moist and satisfying. The provolone cheese was really fresh and helped pull the sandwich together. For $1 each you can add toppings like broccoli rabe, cheese, sweet peppers, hot peppers.
1000+ glowing reviews + recommended again and again by fellow yelpers + featured handful of times on Food Network?  Even though nothing about a roasted pork, provolone, broccoli rabe sandwich particularly appealed to me, I couldn't resist and see what the hype was about. 

Even though there was a line wrapped around the counter, I got my sandwich in no time. My husband and I immediately hurried off to find a nearby table to enjoy the sandwich but before we had the chance to unwrap the sandwich, the sandwich paper was drenched and soaked through by the juice of the roasted pork. The paper was stuck to the bread - first impression: soggy hot mess. 

The sandwich as a whole I thought really lacked flavor. The roasted pork could definitely use more seasoning. The broccoli and provolone cheese (each an extra dollar) didn't add anything to the texture or taste profile. It was an underwhelming one dimensional aka plain sandwich.   

Wished I had another chance to redo Reading Terminal Market again, I would definitely skip DiNic's. Until next time Philly!
This was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  If you want to enjoy local food, and you're in philadelphia, this should be one of your first stops. 

Im not even entirely sure what I ordered.  We asked for the best sandwich they have, and i know it was some kind of pork with provolone and broccoli rabe.  Was it Roast?  Was it Pulled?  Im not sure.  But it was outrageously and unexpectedly heaven.  And well worth the food court-ish tables we had to sit in to enjoy our sandwich hot and fresh.   

And 5 stars for the entire market...so many places like this would have degenerated into crappy food court stalls by now with chain restaurants and fake farmers markets, but this is the real deal.  Shop, have lunch, stay for coffee and dessert.  ITS A MUST VISIT!
There's no way I could live in Philadelphia. I'd be so fat, not just fat fat, but happy fat!  With sandwiches ruling the menus around town, I failed hard to take notice that the roast pork sandwich was the other juggernaut in the city.  After reading up on all the buzz, I made it a mission to check it out.  The line on a Friday afternoon can be intimidating but once I commit, I'm focused.  Thankfully, the guys at DiNic's can churn out their sandwiches as quick as Trump tweets.  But once I got my sandwich, I secured a high top table and unwrapped the juicy masterpiece.  I swear, each bite has so much going but it all made sense to my taste buds.  I especially loved how delicious the roast pork and juices where and the way it brightened the sharp provolone.  Next thing you know, I'm on the last couple of bites and never saw the train wreck I would be with a whole sandwich in my belly.  Again, there's no way I could live here...my fat ass would never fit through a door.
Pulled pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe - thats all you need to know.

One of the best sandwiches in Philly, if not number 1. I cant really put into words what it tastes like,. Its just something that you have to try for yourself. I will warn you though its very messy. Tends to get pretty soggy and the roll gives way by the time its all over but its worth it.

Bottom line; If you're confused about what to order here, please smack yourself, very hard.
Taste of Heaven!!! I've been wanting to try this place forever and finally today was it. It was a 20 min walk and 20 min wait in line... it was soo worth it! The pulled pork is so good there. Mouth watering yumminess.
MUST TRY!!!
DiNics offers the best pork sandwich I've ever put in my mouth. Juicy tender slices of slow-cooked pork, nestled in a jus-soaked roll, topped with garlicky broccoli rabe. It's an explosion of flavor.

My only small gripe: the only cheese they offer is sharp provolone.
I hate sharp provolone. Before you say it, I'm Chinese - so I know, that's soooo un-American. 
However, even without cheese, the sandwich is mighty tasty.

I hit up DiNics during my weekend trips to RTM, and the line for DiNic's so absurdly long. Don't let this discourage you. Get your ass in that line and get your hands on a sandwich. It's worth the wait.

I love the roast pork sandwich so much that I have yet to try any of their other sandwiches! I must make myself do this on my next visit... maybe. Maybe the sausage, or roast beef... Or perhaps I'll just order another roast pork.  =P
I met up with a friend for lunch at Reading Terminal Market the other day. Unfortunately, I was heading back to the airport and had my luggage with me, otherwise I could've spent hours exploring and eating my way through the market. 

Thankfully I did my research here on Yelp before I headed out to PA. Tommy DiNic's was definitely one of the places that caught my eye. Once my friend and I found each other in the massive market, I made a beeline for Tommy DiNic's. Luckily to stools just opened up at the counter so we could park our butts down and get some sandwiches. My friend ordered the Italian Sausage with peppers and I got the pork sandwich with provolone and greens (broccoli rabe).

Our sandwiches came out super fast.  Oh man, my sandwich was awesome! The thinly sliced pork was tender, the greens had a little kick, and the provolone added a nice creaminess. They pour sauce over the sandwich, but the bread held up to the moisture and didn't fall apart. I don't know what kind of bread that was, but it had a little cornmeal on the bottom which gave it a little crunch. 

I can see why Tommy DiNic's is so popular-great sandwiches and quick service. I definitely chose wisely. Thanks for the help, Yelp!
I was really excited to try out Tommy DiNic's at the Reading Terminal Market from all the rave reviews and the fact that they were featured on TV shows for best eats in Philly.  The place has a rich history, with the Nicolosi's fame on sandwiches with roasted pork/beef; eventually, it came down to two cousins splitting up shop, where Tommy, one of the cousins, opened up at the Market back in '80.  They offer roast pork, roast beef, Italian sausage, homemade meatballs, pulled pork, beef brisket, as well as toppings (sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, sauteed spinach, and roasted peppers).  The line for this place literally wrapped throughout the whole Market, a good sign!  My husband and I finally found a spot at the counter to order - we shared their famous Roast Pork sandwich with the provolone and the broccoli rabe.  The meat was very juicy, but it was just overly wet and unflavorful.  I wasn't really much of a fan of either the pork nor the broccoli rabe, as they were just quite bland.  Also, since there was no excess 'juice' shaken off, the bread itself was soaked to the core, no matter how fast you can shove it in your mouth!  I did like the provolone, but even the cheese didn't really help the flavors.  It was disappointing as the big twined-rump roast of pork looked really delicious, with all the carving action going on.  I'm glad I was able to check this place out, but not sure if I'd go back!

+underwhelming roast pork sandwich T___T
Philly's most famous sandwich is obviously the cheesesteak but the roast pork is a close second that seems to be gaining more and more notoriety and tbh it's a hard decision as to which reigns supreme for me. Tommy DiNic's is the place to get such a roast pork sandwich if you find yourself in the vicinity of Reading Terminal Market. My mom and I grabbed two counter seats and ordered the classic - a roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone. It was delivered to us in two separate baskets with tender juicy pork spilling out of the crusty long roll. The broccoli rabe adds an understated horseradish flavour while the provolone is rich and tangy. I could have gone for a little more provolone on mine and wish the cheese was a slightly more melted so it properly blended in with the meat and bread but dammmmmn is that a good sandwich. There were also some fab banana peppers on the counter which we gobbled up and occasionally plopped on a sandwich bite. 

DiNic's also serves an Italian pulled pork sandwich which I can also attest is amazing. Their other offerings look equally satisfying and include brisket and meatballs - mmmmhmm. Quick and friendly service will have you in and out in a flash and full of sandwich goodness.
Somewhere within Reading Terminal Market, this sandwich shop has all that you need to try for some hearty, gut-busting, satisfying sandwiches.  The roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and roasted spinach is the best you can probably get in town, and the roast beef sandwich is TO DIE FOR.  Perfectly cooked, seasoned, tender roast beef was rich and went well with some sharp prov and grilled peppers.  I drool when dreaming of that sandwich.  Will need to pick half of one up (because a whole one is ridiculously huge for little ol' me) the next time I'm in town and in the market.
I'm normally not a fan of sandwiches, but Tommy DiNic's has a great meatball sandwich (I'm not a roast pork or beef fan... yeah, shoot me). We saw the crowd and line so we decided to give it a shot and split our sandwich.

We were able to find seating and were able to order immediately. The woman who took our order was super friendly and even asked if we wanted the sandwich cut in half. We added provolone cheese and a hot spicy pepper as well. The bread was also perfectly toasted.

Definitely a must-try when you're at Reading Terminal Market!
Lots of Hype for the "Best Sandwich in 'Merica" mmm...was not that impressed. Yes the line circles around, surprisingly it quickly moves along. My co-worker ordered the mouthwatering Sandwich, it was good but we think you can find one as good or better at another spot within the terminal.

So eh, it was good but not America's Best.
I had Tommy DiNic's bookmarked for while on my Yelp app. I saw the sandwich shop on television (Travel Channel). I stopped by for dinner while visiting family in the area. Tommy DiNic's roasted pork, provolone, and broccoli rabe sandwich was considered the #1 sandwich on Adam Richman's "Best Sandwich in America list". I had very high expectations after sitting at the bar (Tommy DiNic's has bar style seating or customers can sit inside Reading Terminal Market to eat). It was a no brainer for me to order the roasted pork sandwich. Our sandwiches came out fast and very hot. I thought Tommy DiNic's roasted pork, provolone, and broccoli rabe sandwich was average at best. The ingredients blended well together but it was missing some flavor in my opinion. It was good but nothing to write about. Tommy DiNic's has other sandwiches but they were sold out of some meats during my visit. I went to the small sandwich shop on a Thursday evening. Luckily, I didn't have a long wait for food. I heard the line gets very long on weekends. Check the website for hours. Our waitress was very attentive and polite. Personally, I expected a lot more from Tommy DiNic's roasted pork sandwich since they beat out some good competition.
Making one of the "best sandwiches in America," Tommy DiNic's is a RTM classic, despite waiting in line and the sell-outs by early afternoon.

Easily one of the most famous vendors in Reading Terminal Market, Tommy DiNic's is difficult to get near on most days, as the line will be wrapped around the stall and they usually sell out really quickly. You may remember these folks as Adam Richman's Man Vs. Food best sandwich in America with their well regarded roast pork with broccoli rabe. They've actually been around for nearly 100 years, passing the place on from family to family and becoming a cornerstone of the Philadelphia eating scene.

I see from the more recent reviews people disappointed they didn't have a life changing sandwich. I'm not sure what they were expecting, but the roast pork is spectacular, juicy not-over-seasoned pork in a fresh bun, with that deliciously rich and a little bitter broccoli rabe on top. It's a full meal even with no sides, and it's easy to see why it has received so many accolades.

If you go in with really high expectations, then of course you'll probably will be a little underwhelmed, as the roast pork itself is very simple upon first viewing. But if you manage expectations and take your time in eating, you'll discover a complexity of flavors not initially realized washing over your tongue, and you'll be transported back a century to the original recipe. A philly staple that is not to be missed.
When people come to our city, they should forget the barely edible b-grade meat served at Pat's and Geno's and come straight to Dinic's.  The roll's, the perfectly cooked italian roast pork, the razor sharp provolone, the broccoli rabe, this is what visitors (and residents) of philly need to associate themselves with.

I've stood in a line of 40-50ppl, wrapping well around the stand and almost to the entrance on 12th to eat here, and every time, it's well worth it.

Philly-insider tip:  Spend over $10 here and get your parking validated.  The garage across the street is $24 for 90 minutes if you don't.  If you do, they clip your ticket and it's a measly $4 for up to 2 hours.

Yeah, that's right :D
Omg, the best sandwich ever! I would drive here from NJ just for this sandwich. You gotta get the pork with broccoli rab. Sooo good and garlicky! My mouth is watering right now.
After the whole "we're the best sandwich in the country!" buzz going on some time last year, I decided I needed to give DiNic's yet another try.

And let me tell you, I should have realized this much earlier, but there is a big difference in eating at RTM during the painfully-long-lines-and-excruciating-wait-times lunch rush versus the virtually-no-line-but-just-scraps-of-food-that-have-been-sitting-there-all-day hours after work just before they close.

If you choose the former and not the latter (as I had previously done), DiNic's will gladly reward you (and with the second location they built, the wait actually isn't so bad). Roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe is a solid sandwich, and I was cruel to have evangelically judged it so poorly prior.

But is it the best sandwich in the country? Or even in Philly??
Anyone who claims this clearly hasn't been to John's Roast Pork or Paesano's.
In what I am dubbing 'The Great Pig Out of 2015', my good friend and I pitted DiNic's Classic roast pork sandwich (wit long hots/rabe/sharp prov) against Paesano's Arista - yes we ate both within a 3-hr window of time. 

Cleansing our palate with a FedNut donut in-between was crucial - should you want to follow in our footsteps.

Both were awesome. Both had us in our glory. Both had us thankful that we live close to the city of sandwiches...but only one could be declared a winner.

DiNic's - you won!
I'd heard of Tommy DiNic's on so many travel channels and food blogs, and I was so glad I got to try this gem in Philadelphia. This is definitely a hot spot with lines, but the service is fast and the line moves very quickly.

My boyfriend and I shared the pork sandwich with broccoli rabe which seemed to be the classic. The richness of the pork was really cut by the bitter flavor of the broccoli rabe, and even more so by the cheese. Every mouthful was so good, and there was enough texture to keep things interesting. This is definitely a place to visit if you're in Philadelphia--highly recommend.
Three and a half stars. Compared to other vendors in Reading Terminal, the line got processed quickly and everyone chowing down at the counter afterwards avoid dawdling enough that most people who want to eat immediately, can. One sandwich was perfect to split between two people for a small lunch. I wish they made the condiment jars more publicly accessible, as I would've added a liberal amount of mustard, but the roast pork sandwich was still delicious with just the right ratio of provolone. I didn't realize that the hot peppers would be served whole, but they definitely added the kick the sandwich needed. The meat was tender, and it's probably the moistest roast pork I've had. Bread was excellent in texture and didn't disintegrate from juice runoff. I'm still curious about their brisket, but we'd happily repeat this order.
I was looking for a place to grab a Philly Cheesesteak and I ended up finding this place as an alternative. Although they don't serve the Philly Cheesesteak, they have bomb sandwiches which is definitely a lot less fattening. I got the Roast Pork Sandwich with cheese and Broccoli Rabe. They don't use a lot of cheese so it's not so heavy and the Broccoli Rabe helps complement the sandwich.
Eh, this place could've been better. I've heard so many good things, and it's one of those places people dub as a "must eat" within the RTM, but I guess DiNic's just didn't live up to the hype. I got the roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rob and everything was just okay. The pork was dry and the broccoli rob was missing something. It was basically a leafy green element to a sandwich, but with no flavor. If you want a good roast pork sandwich, take the drive out to the OG Tony Luke's on Oregon Avenue, under the overpass. That's what a roast pork should taste like. 

I'm only giving this place three stars because the woman at the counter was beyond nice. She talked to everyone like they were at her house for Sunday dinner and I was vibing with it. Like really, if she would invite me over for dinner, you bet your ass I'd be there.
Thanks to Food Network.  I finally made it to Tommy DiNic's in the Reading Terminal Market in Philly.

What we ordered:
Roast Pork Sandwich
with Broccoli Rabe
and Sharp Provolone Cheese
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IWHdx0NhDKADkGOgXgOFKQ?select=78UGx4UdtPDFAYkXYxcuYg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IWHdx0NhDKADkGOgXgOFKQ?select=wMqWlp1XCK1HhK4OC29Apw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IWHdx0NhDKADkGOgXgOFKQ?select=ZpkkhayIBYwhbyf2rmr2Nw

Was it worth it?  H*LL YES!
The cheesesteak gets all the pub, but the roast pork sandwich is the true masterpiece of Philadelphia.  And nobody does Italian-style hot sandwiches (including roast pork), better than DiNic's.

Pulled pork, roast pork, roast beef, Italian sausage, brisket . . . they're all excellent.  Despite the fact that nearly any biz in the Terminal can be profitable simply due to Convention Center traffic, the family that owns DiNic's takes pride in its daily cooking, as well as getting good bread, provolone, peppers, and greens (spinach or rabe).

Bring an appetite, as noted by everyone else, this is not a "light lunch" type of sandwich.  The sausage is probably the easiest to finish in one sitting, whereas the pulled pork is a struggle.  Two meals from one sandwich is a reasonable expectation.

Take a seat at the lunch counter, or grab some take out and head over to the beer garden for a cold complement.  You'll end up as one of the legion of regulars.
philly visitors are always hard-pressed to have a cheese-steak. no offense to the philadelphians out there, but i never understood the appeal of cheez whiz. i pay homage to philly sandwich stepchild - the roast pork. 

i navigated the treacherously packed aisles at the reading terminal market in order to get a taste of tommy dinic's roast pork, which is revered by locals and adam richman alike. i knew there would be a line. i knew it would be long. but i was pretty sure it would be worth it. 

served on a foot-long, soft hoagie roll, the roast pork sandwich comes stuffed to the gills with slices of tender roast pork, sauteed broccoli rabe to cut the richness, and sharp, tangy provolone, because, well, do you need a reason for cheese? the pork is the lead singer of this group, that is clear. but that broccoli rabe is like a food version of effie white and honey - you, and you, and you, you're gonna love it!
Amazing roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe sandwich!!!!! I can't even try anything else on the menu because I always order this. It's in the Reading Terminal and depending on the time you eat, the lines can be long and wrapped around but it moves pretty quickly
Thanks to Dan G. I got the low down on Tommy DiNic's and their specialty: a Pulled Pork sandwich with sharp Provolone and Broccoli Rabe. Get in line to get it to go, or try to find a seat for dine in; they're pretty strict about doing one or the other.

The service moved right along, and the sandwich was to die for! That sharp provolone and the greens really added a lot. Great sandwich! A must stop in the Reading Terminal Market.
If there's one thing that I've learned in all my years of sandwich savoring in Philly, its that a roast pork sandwich wit provolone & broccoli rabe will ALWAYS trump a cheesesteak with wiz & fried onions. But while I have relished those delectable results at the likes of Paesano's, Chickie & Pete's, and George's; I've been missing out on grabbing one from one of the two spots that are considered the masters of dishing it out.

Its not that I haven't tried to hit up either in the past. Its that John's short window of open hours during the day, and the massive curly q spiral of a line that has befallen Dicnic's on most Reading Terminal days have kept me from making that effort (I'm sandwich devoted so long as it doesn't involve waiting in a roller coaster line). So when I found the chance to visit the Terminal on a Monday afternoon I jumped on the rare chance that led to divine sandwich providence!

Giving a 4 because of the long crazy line that you'll encounter most of the time that you try and get it, and because it is just a touch overpriced. But you definitely get a HUGE sandwich that is classically prepared and all kinds of epic. But if the classic pork sandwich doesn't float your boat you can always go with roast beef, Italian sausage, beef brisket, or handmade meatballs!
What you need to know: 
- If you are going to eat at their counter, just grab a seat and they will take your order. Or get in line for take out.
- Super fast service, once you order, their magical sandwiches will appear 
- It gets busy! For good reason!!! 
- They don't have the quintessential Philly cheesesteaks here, instead they are known for their roast pork. 
- Accepts credit cards 

What I ordered: 
-  Roast pork (price $9.50) added provolone cheese and broccoli rabe ($1.75) - There is nothing to not like about this sandwich! It starts with a light, crispy and not too dense hoagie roll, generous amounts of sharp provolone layer the inside of the roll and is then topped with their slow-roasted thinly sliced pork, finally, you have the broccoli rabe that crowns the sandwich. The roast pork is sensational, cooked slowly, thinly sliced and then sits in its fatty, savory juices. I love the sting of bitterness from the broccoli rabe that cuts through all the layers of meat to demand center stage. But I particularly appreciate the sharpness of the provolone, that anchors all the flavors together.
1.5 stars in my book. I get that this place is a big deal and has made a name for itself. And they clearly put a lot of love into their meat....but don't be rude to people that are paying $10 for a no sauce, barely any cheese sandwich.

They definitely use very fresh ingredients, the bread was nice and soft and meat was moist. I am just used to more flavor from my cheese steaks. I wanted there to be like BBQ sauce, or a gravy....ANYTHING to spice up the meat. I also wanted more options to add in like some onions or mushrooms, I mean who loves broccoli rabe THAT much?! No I don't want cheese whiz or fried onions on my cheesesteak...but damn.

I don't foresee returning. Point me toward Cajun Becky's mac and cheese. ::skips away::
Ok. I've been wavering. Can I possibly give five stars to a sandwich? A sandwich I had once, that is simple in it's elements, and also trendy, thanks to Man Vs. Food? I ate it on Saturday. Today is Monday. I'm back at work and have googled a picture of said sandwich to show my co-workers. So, yes, I think it's five-stars-good. 

I live in Chicago and was just in Philly for the weekend with the Hubby. When we were in town two years ago, we had to try the Philly Cheese Steak. I consider this the equivalent of people coming to Chicago and having deep-dish pizza. No one that lives in Chicago actually EATS deep dish pizza. We don't go to Gino's or Uno's. These are for tourists. Maybe every three years I'll have a slice of stuffed spinach, but that's only if it presents itself. So when I ate a cheese steak, I kinda thought, "This is your sandwich Philly?" In Chicago we have the Italian beef, and I consider this the quintessential sandwich. 

That is, until I had Dinic's roast pork, broccoli rabe, provolone and easy hot peppers. Wow. I mean wow wow wow. Every element was just perfect. The bitter garlicky greens. The shards of stinky cheese. The bread was perfect, not chewy like an Italian beef (there's a place for that, don't be mad.) The bread was almost like the roll from a banh mi. But the star? That darn pork. So freshly roasted, the perfect temperature. Lightly seasoned so you can still taste PORK. I love a little heat, so I went with the sprinkling of hot peppers, and yowzer, they were hot. If that's not your thing, skip it. But they also had flavor besides heat, and they weren't oily like gardiniera. 

We waited in line a few minutes but snagged a few stools when they opened up. Great counter service, great price. The hustle and bustle of the Reading Market is just so damn cool. If I lived in Philly, I would eat this sandwich every day until I was fat, and then I would keep eating it and let the wonderful juice drip on my fat belly. 

Oh and PS, it's a big sandwich. I can eat a small horse, and I couldn't finish this sandwich. (Though I of course pulled all the pork out and ate that without the bread. No wasting of the piggy.) You can easily share it if your date is well-mannered and not a beast. Or just get your own and finish it. Life is short.
Alas, this will be my last trip to Reading Terminal Market and trying out the local food scene. It was an enjoyable three months of job training in Center City. I will miss you. 

So, DiNic's has been on the list of places to try. But, the lines were always too long to want to go there for lunch hour. Today, no problem as there was no training in the afternoon. I could try this place with no worries. 
I got to the market and found a spot to sit and order. A friendly woman asked for my order, of course I went pulled pork sandwich. I added provolone cheese and was then perplexed what to add. I asked for onions, she shook her head no. As if it would not work well in the sandwich. So I just stuck with cheese as my additive. 
I waited a long time for the sandwich to come out. When I did, she had the order wrong, it had peppers on it and I did not want. She realized it and took it away before it hit the counter. 
She had not heard my drink order, so I asked again and she got it quickly. 
Several minutes later my sandwich arrived. It was huge and thick. It has a lot of pork in it. The meat was tender, but lacking in some flavor pop. The cheese did add some flavor. I wanted some smokey goodness in the pork or a little pop of heat to it. Nope, it is pulled pork no additional pop. 
The bread was fresh and matched the sandwich well. The cheese was really sharp and flavor full, but not enough of it. 
The sandwich was huge and I was not able to finish it. 
I paid for my meal and wished it had been better. After all the raves I have heard about this place.
And now the strange after taste. The meal sticks with you. Hours later on occasion the flavor of the meat rises up from your belly and makes itself known. Yes, several hours later. Maybe, I should have brushed my teeth so much sooner after the meal? 

The long wait for a sandwich and unmet expectation in meaty flavorful goodness reduces the score to a 3 instead of 4. The missed order did not help any, how about a sorry about that or a free drink? Anything?
I don't remember the bread being this dry & tough the other times that I've eaten here but I'm not complaining.  Not sure what happened to my previous review of this place but I shall write another one...besides, they got much better since my first review ;)

The tough & dry bread counteracts the juicy pork (which they don't overly soak with au jus anymore - meaning, yes they used to over do it)  which is a perfect complement.  I enjoyed it this time much more than my previous visits.  The only thing that would make me like this sandwich more is if they offered more meat.  Meat to Bread ratio was imbalanced.

Roast Pork w Sharp Provolone & Broccoli Rabe $10.25

Grab a seat at the counter if you can & eat it fresh right there with free condiments: horseradish & peppers.

Location:  towards the center of RTM

Parking: $4 parking for 2 hours at 12th & Filbert with Validation
The pork was delicious but I wasn't a fan of the broccoli rabe (sorry gluttonous dude on Man vs. Food). The line moves quickly, the Provolone cheese they use is amazing and the owner looks like Peter Petrelli, I thought he was dreamy. Go here. He's amazing, er, I mean the food is amazing... and so is the Peter Petrelli look alike. And the brisket and the roast beef... everything.
Delicious! I got the roast beef with broccoli and provolone and boyfriend got roast pork instead. Both were amazing! Juicy, tender meat and who knew broccoli in my sub would be so yummy?! Their bread seasoning was actually pretty good too.

The line was pretty long but the wait wasn't too bad. Worth the wait!
DiNic's famous Roast Pork with Provolone and Rabe greens has got be one of the best sandwiches made. The long line of mostly locals and fully packed seated wrap-around bar are testament to how good this sandwich is. If I lived close by here, I would be super fat from eating too many of these tasty sandwiches. The length is about a foot, on a soft white and chewy roll that is not too "bready" (seems like a French roll style). To the new customer, you MUST ask for every ingredient that you want in your sandwich:

a. Type of meat (roast pork, beef, etc.),
b. Type of cheese (provolone, etc.), and
c. Which greens preferred (rabe, peppers, etc.). 

My recommendation is the Roast Pork with Provolone and Rabe. 

Although these aren't super large sandwiches, I couldn't finish it for lunch only because I didnt want to Take a Nap during my work... Very very good sandwich.
Best Sandwich I Ever Had!

Visited Tommy DiNic's when in Philly for the weekend.  I got the Roast Pork Sandwich with provolone, broccoli rabe and sweet peppers.  I was in love from the first bite.  My wife, who didn't want a sandwich ate half of it.  It is rare that a place lives up to the hype but this place does.

We made it a point to stop here prior to leaving and picked up four sandwiches to take home.  We gave a few away to family and I think we still have a half frozen!

Worth the trip!
When you are at the Reading Terminal in Philly, DiNic's is a place you sure don't want to miss. A quaint spot that seats around 15 people so try to squeeze and and fight for a seat if possible. 

Be sure to order the slow roasted pork with broccoli rabe and melted cheese. The meat was super tender but could have used a little bit more of flavor. The hoagie roll was soft and soaked up the juices from the slow roasted pork. 

The broccoli rabe is a bit better but have it a nice crunch. I also thew in some jalapeños to give it a bit of a spice. Overall, delicious pork hoagie and would recommend it as a snack rather then making this just your meal so you can fill up your belly with more delicious things from Reading Terminal - like the pastures from the Amish bakery.
I came here because their famous roast pork sandwich was featured on man vs food , so as a foodie I must come and try myself.

My friend and I waited in line for a good 20-25minutes and ordered their roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe. As excited as i was , i took the first bite and i was disappointed. The roast pork was dry and tasteless, it made me remember how much i hated steak that was cooked more than medium. For a sec, i thought i had ordered the wrong thing , i want the sandwich that was featured on tv , the one where Adam took a big bite and made this "oh so good" face , the one that make me drool over my tv control . Not this flavorless crap.
You can't live up to a Virgo's standards....The sooner you realize that the better off you are...

I got the roast pork with broccoli rabe....It's VERY thinly roasts pork.. cooked on a griddle broccoli rabe topped with provolone or Swiss cheese.... Served on a soft toasted roll...I thought the roll itself was pretty tasty! They put a lot of butter on the roll....But everything inside the sandwich was pretty gross...you would think with all these great reviews and huge lines the sandwiches would be the best sandwiches inside the market...NO...the meat was dry and the veggie tasted weird...very bitter...the roast pork was dry as well..but for some reason my sandwich was wet...i don't know which is messier my life or this sandwich...(ー_ー)
I really am disappointed by this place. I am actually very very very disappointed. I was pretty upset about wasting my time and space in my tummy for this place. Their sandwich is not only over hyped but not worth it in general. 

I did not understand why people were so infatuated by this place. Their sandwiches lacked any real flavor profile. Their sharp provolone cheese was the most flavor I got from the sandwich. The meat was moist and tender yet I did not get any depth of flavor from the meat.  

This place is more of an experience than a culinary treasure. But really, my overall take on this sandwich shop is that the service is quick, the lines are massive, the food is bland and if you are at the terminal market you should save room for better food. Don't waste your appetite on a overly hyped place.
So damn good. Always a must get while at the famous Reading Terminal Market. Lines are usually long. The best sandwich, in my opinion, is the roast pork, greens and sharp Prov. 

Bread is always good, meat cooked perfectly and the greens have great flavor. Certainly a bit pricey but overall a great sandwich and experience.
Be prepared to wait in line. Keep an eye out, if you can get a seat at the counter, you will get your sandwich much faster. 

I really enjoyed the roast beef sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. Had the pork with sharp provolone and spinach and thought it was good too. 

Take your friends here! While it isn't a philly cheesesteak joint, the sandwiches here are still unique and delicious!
Like the Smiths once said, "To die by your side Is such a heavenly way to die."

Tommy DiNic's sandwiches are out of this world. I personally preferred the hand-carved roast pork sandwich overloaded with tender and juicy pork slices, sharp provolone and sauteed spinach (must try add-on toppings). The beef brisket was also delicious and every bit as tender. 100% lives up to the hype and its name. You'd be lucky to get a seat at the bar, but if not, don't fright. Just grab your sandwich and head to the middle of Reading for some people watching!
I finally got the famous sandwich everyone talks about, but quite frankly I am disappointed. Truly, Madly, Deeply Disappointed.  

The meat was bland. Juicy indeed, but bland. Definitely needs more flavor. Everyone who has fervently declared that the pork  is delicious has not tasted great meat. All I could taste really was stinky cheese and the mustardy nuance of broccoli rabe.  I say, at the very least, the pork needs some more salt. This is the one time I wish I religiously carried around a bottle of sriracha and salt packets.

I've had better sandwiches. If the line here is short by all means go for it, otherwise go to Hershel's or get a cheese steak. This is a big WOMP WOMP place for a WOMP WOMP sandwich experience.
Thanks Tommy for being there to greet us and give us way too many sandwiches!

I came here with my friends for a fun trip to Philly. I honestly didn't know what to expect. I have had cheesesteaks before, but I guess they were not very authentic. Granted, I probably don't want to have another cheesesteak ever again after this ... but regardless it was awesome!

We waited in the long long line, which is way worth it, and got to meet one of the owners who took a photo with us. He generously loaded us up with cheesesteaks before telling us about all the great eatries in Philly. Who knew Philadelphia was food heaven?

I have to say though, if I were to come back I'd only stick with one kind of meat. The other ones give it a variety of interesting flavors that are not as traditional to me. Loved it!
Honestly, just thinking about what to write for DiNic's pulled pork sandwich makes me kind of sad because I hate how it's so far away from me and I don't know when I will be able to eat it next. Yes, it's as good as everyone says it is. I prefer to eat this sandwich over any Philly cheesesteak.

Getting to the sandwich, the pulled pork is super tender and so juicy that the sandwich can get a little messy with the pork juices dripping everywhere. You need to get everything on it: provolone, broccoli rabe, spinach, and peppers. Yes, it costs more for these extras, but it is worth it. You can taste each ingredient with every bite, but somehow they complement and meld together so well that the sandwich is just heaven in your mouth. 

I got there at 11:45 on a Friday morning and there was only one other lady in front of me in the to-go line. By the time I got my order the line extended around the corner and one side of the counter. But yes, I would say it's worth the wait. And yes, I probably said "yes" too many times in this review, but that just proves DiNic's is definitely a MUST if you're in Philly!!
Call the cops.  There was an assault on me...an assault on my cardio-vascular system and beltline.  The culprit?  Dinic's.

With eyes wide open and mouth agape, this suburbanite wandered around Reading Terminal Market looking for this legend.  Recommended by a trusted top notch Yelper, I got in the serpentine line that snaked around this bastion of all things heart clogging.  My, was this so worth the wait...and the arterial sclerosis.

After about 15 minutes, I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe.  At around $9, this is certainly a bit on the high side but what awaited me was mouth watering bliss.  Yes, this is quite possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had, and I consider myself no slouch with regard to same.  Everything tasted fresh, and the pork was cooked to perfection.  The roll was good but still short of the legendary Conshohocken Bakery.

Was it worth the statistical shortening of my life?  Yes.  However, do yourself a favor...get a side of Lipitor.
I will usually tell the gf Im going to Reading Terminal to get some fresh produce or some fish/meat but really its just an excuse to stuff pork into my face. They have the best roast pork sandwiches eva- even betta than John's Roast pork ...and Tony Luke's?- foogetta bout it  Tony couldnt carry Dinic's jock. My personal favorite is Dinic's roast pork w/ sharp prov and broc or spinach raab depending on the mood.  But Dinic makes a very good italian style pulled pork too. The Roast beef and brisket are pretty good too but Im all bout the pork so I will probably never be Muslim..oh well.
What an absolutely great sandwich. 

I had heard all the hype and the sandwich lived up to the hype. 

They are known for their Roast Pork with provolone and greens (broccoli rabe). 

This sandwich is nationally rated and it did not disappoint. The best bites were the bottom of the bread where some of the juice soaked into the bread because it was just so flavorful. My girlfriend and I split one because we were eating a bunch of other stuff too. 

You will see the menu just say Roast Pork but make sure you add the cheese and greens - it is a great combo.
Great but overrated. It isn't the best sandwich ever. It's a damn good sandwich. Go with the classic. Roast pork, rab, and prov. There is other food in Redding just as good if not better. Definitely try this once though. A true classic!!
Tommy DiNic's sandwiches are tops. Reading Terminal Market is/can be a super overwhelming place where your senses are suddenly overwhelmed by so many sites and sounds and SMELLS, but after making a few rounds around the food market, Tommy DiNic's stood out to me. I grabbed a roast beef and a roast pork sandwich with cheese, sweet peppers and spinach. Their sandwiches are HUGE and you could easily split one sandwich between two people and still be totally fine. The quality of the meat is so fresh, delicious, moist, light, and just high quality. It tastes like a proper sandwich and isn't loaded down with excess stuff. I love how fresh and clean and healthy their sandwiches tasted. Definitely a memorable spot where these sandwiches are made to be savoured and will continue to stand the test of time. 14/10.
Food stall inside the Reading Farmer's Market that had a ridiculously long line. The food is worth the wait because my roasted pork with spinach and provolone cheese was so good. Super greasy though!
The people at the register are stealing ! I was charged for two cheesecakes while my friend paid for her' s cash! Be aware and get your receipts! This is the charge for one pastrami sandwich with provolone cheese: $23.50
I didn't ask for my receipt because I blindly trust ppl behind the counter never again!

Even though the sandiwch was good it wasn't worth 23.50!
After being in Philly for 3 years, I finally made it here to DiNic's. Somehow I never included it on my list of Philly Cheesesteak places-but its now on the list!

Sure the wait on a Saturday was a little lengthy, but it was worth it for the pulled pork sandwhich with spinach. I never considered the possibility of adding vegetables to my sandwhich, but the spinach really did put it over the top.

And it was nice to not have to deal with any of the nonsense about how to order a sandwhich too.
I'm a foodie and I'm not ashamed to say I am.  I like exploring off the beaten path restaurants, mom and pop establishments, watching food shows, and posting pictures of food.  Can you blame a guy for enjoying food so much that I have to write about it?  My daughter and I were visiting Philadelphia for a big volleyball tournament that was being played at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in downtown Philadelphia.  I don't know if the foodie universe just aligned perfectly, but just across the street from the convention center was The Reading Terminal Market.  This market is sensory overload for foodies and it is here where I was first introduced to the roast pork sandwich at Tommy DiNic's.

I don't remember what foodie show I watched, but I remember watching this show tell me that if you're ever in Philadelphia, besides a philly cheesesteak, the other sandwich you must try is a roast pork sandwich.  As I said above, you will kind of be overwhelmed by the amount of food establishments in this market.  The only reason I ventured into the Reading Terminal Market was because a friend had mentioned it when she was here in Philly and I read that this was one of the must see places to visit.  I was looking for something to eat and just happened onto Tommy DiNic's.  There was also a huge line waiting to order, so this piqued my interest.  As I was looking at the restaurant and at the menu, I remembered that show telling me about the roast pork sandwich.  It had to be fate for me to be there to try my first roast pork sandwich.  Tommy DiNic's is in the middle of the market.  You can either order sandwiches to go and have to deal with the long line, or you can sit at their squared bar and order from one of the employees.  I didn't know this at first, but I highly recommend sitting at the bar, so you can experience the vibe of eating amongst other patrons excited to chomp down on one of these delicious sandwiches.

I've never eaten a roast pork sandwich.  I'm not even sure if roast pork is exclusive to Philadelphia, but from what I remember from that foodie show, roast pork sandwiches is something you have to eat while you're in Philly.  The locals here know how to order this sandwich and I listened intently as I heard them order.  I also paid attention to the employee taking to go orders as he asked people who were new to this sandwich what they wanted on the sandwich.  Here's what I recommend what you should tell an employee when ordering your roast beef sandwich.  Tell them you want a roast pork sandwich with provolone, broccoli rabe (pronounced Rob), and spicy peppers.  If you're not a spicy fan, drop the peppers, but it's really not too spicy.  This is a whopping sandwich and is worth the money you spend for it.  The bread that contains what goes into this sandwich really puts it over the top.  The roast pork was succulently tender, the provolone cheese was melted and generously surrounded the meat, loved the taste of the broccoli, and the peppers added a little kick.  I took my time eating this amazing sandwich because I wanted to savor every morsel of its being.  Lastly, this sandwich satisfied me and I probably could have went without dinner.

The foodie Gods were looking down on me favorably by allowing me to find Tommy DiNic's and their roast pork sandwich.  This sandwich was the most memorable thing I ate in Philly.  It was so scrumptious that I ate at Tommy DiNic's a second time because I just couldn't get enough of the roast pork sandwich.  It really was that good and easily garnered a 5+ star Yelp rating from this foodie.
I've tried the roast pork w/ provolone and rabe and the meatball sandwich with provolone. 

I imagine it's almost a crime to say this given all the love it's gotten, but I don't think the roast pork sandwich here is that good. It's not by any means a bad sandwich nor is it really a ripoff - it's expensive but very large, the roll is good and the provolone is good, and nobody reasonable would complain if you handed them one of these sandwiches - but the key ingredient, the roast pork, just doesn't have much flavor. It's relatively dry and tasteless to me. The provolone and the greens in addition to the roll are what really save the sandwich and give it some needed flavor. But the meat itself is the weak point in my opinion, and for a sandwich to be properly considered among the best around, the main ingredient should be spectacular.

I find the meatball sandwich to be better than the roast pork. I don't think it's going to blow your mind if you make good meatballs yourself, but it's a very good sandwich. Once again the portion is pretty huge.

So overall I don't think DiNic's makes bad sandwiches. They don't, the sandwiches are decent. But I think the hype is too extreme. These aren't among the best sandwiches in the country.
i like i like. lol this place in the terminal is great for hot sandwiches
With nearly 1500 reviews, I expected more from this stop. This was my choice inside the Reading Terminal Market. The girl that told me to go to the other side for a to-go order wasn't exactly friendly about it. With that, I decided to order anyway. The guy on the to-go side was much nicer. 

I ordered a beef brisket sandwich(added green peppers and provolone). With the additions, it made it right around 13 bucks. The sandwich was huge. It was edible. It also satisfied me, but the brisket was too dry for it to be that pricey of a sandwich. When I visit Philly again, I plan to try other menu items from here. With 1500 reviews and still maintaining 4 stars, they have to be great, right?

Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. From a place serving meat sandwiches, I'd think the brisket would be fresh and juicy every single time.
Roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe with the ambience of the Terminal at lunchtime?   Yes, please. 

Tommy DiNic's has been putting these sammys together the right way for a thousand years.   And the Italian style pulled pork is a nice twist on the usual barbecue sauced Southern sandwich.  

Roast beef with provolone here can take down a pathetic Geno's greasebomb with style to spare. 

All cash, and certainly a sold bet for lunch in the Reading Terminal.
It could be chaos with the number of people passing thru but DiNic's keeps it level headed, and friendly. Us newbies they steered right as we had the classic with the broccoli rabe and all. It was great, and sitting at the counter watching the action at reading terminal was fun, too. They were cool with the fact that my wife and I were sharing one sandwich (they were big).  A must try!
I almost feel bad writing this review for the now famous Tommy DiNic's, the darling of the Travel Channel and other foodie-centric television programming. Bourdain raved about it. Adam Richman crowned it the "Best Sandwich in America". While I wanted to check out all of the wonderful goodness that Reading Terminal Market offers, DiNic's was the reason why I came. It was my mission. 

And what I had was a very very good sandwich. But the best sandwich I've ever had? Not quite. 

Since the wife and I strategically decided to get to RTM early, we were able to find a spot to sit at the counter together with little hassle. We ordered the famed Roast Pork with the traditional toppings of sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. The wife and I decided to split one since we wanted didn't want to over-indulge ourselves here and not try anything else at RTM. The nice lady who took our order understood this, and served us each a 1/2 sandwich.

The bread was, as expected in Philly, fantastic. The pork had a nice flavor but I thought it was just a bit on the dry side. I thought the broccoli rabe would help with that, but not quite. The sharp provolone used is excellent however, and that is really what gave the sandwich a kick to the next level. 

I certainly was not disappointed - it was very tasty and just eating at DiNic's in RTC is an experience unto itself. But next time, I'd change it up and probably get roasted peppers on it. The bartender at our hotel (Latham) doesn't eat pork, but said that the roast beef there is one of his favorite sandwiches. So maybe I'll give that a try in the future. I'll be the oddball who goes to DiNic's and doesn't order the "best sandwich in America". I'm good with that.
Now this is a sandwich. Unlike the nast that Geno's and Pat's calls a...whatever they call it, DiNic's does sandwich/hoagie/sub/whatever-you-want-to-call-meat-between-two-pieces-of-bear right. 

The roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe is phenomenal. I could eat that thing on a daily basis. I'd be poor and probably have a serious heart condition, but don't dare me to do it, because I just may.
