Yo Adrian, Tony Lukes ranks #2 in the cheesesteak wars of Philly!  But damn that's almost as good as #1. That coveted 5 star goes to Pat's ( sorry it's my review) Let's face it anytime you have steak, melted cheese goo loaded onto a bun, how does this culinary delight go wrong?


Now I like my steak sandwich with fried onions and a molten hot layer of provolone melting throughout mine. Others want that golden pump shit called WIZ but not I. In the end buy it with anything you want on it cause it's all good. 

My suggestions is know what you want prior to ordering or face the wrath.  Having the Philly verbal wrath of God laid on you with furious vengeance for asking a dumb ass questions is just not worth it. 

Ok now back to review. Order some fries , coke and steaming hot cheesesteak. It's so damn good! Keep in mind Tony has many meat options so grab a few sandwiches to try. Who cares about weight watchers you only live once. Just grab a humongous stack of napkins for your flight, this way the goob a goo mess is easily cleaned up and not on you or your neighbors lap.  Forget about it and eat!
This Tony Luke's location is in the food court of Terminal F after the security checkpoint at Philadelphia International Airport. It's a great place to grab a quick sandwich while you're at the airport. Last month I flew from my home airport in Norfolk, Virginia to Akron-Canton Airport to visit my parents in Ohio. I had a layover in Philly. I lived in Philadelphia from 1986 to 1994 during which time I developed a love for the traditional Philly cheesesteak. As soon as I noticed my flight had a layover in Philly I immediately knew I would have a cheesesteak at Tony Luke's.

After landing at the airport I easily located the food court. Tony Luke's has chicken and pork sandwiches in addition to its cheesesteaks. They also offer a breakfast menu but to me there is no choice, it's got to be a cheesesteak and fries. I stepped up to the counter and ordered my cheesesteak the traditional South Philly way with onions and Cheez Whiz, I had them add a little mayonnaise as well. I also ordered French fries and a soda. The order process was quick and easy, the employees were friendly and polite. The kitchen is open so you can watch your order being prepared, no surprises here. 

After a few minutes my order was ready so I had a seat at a table in the food court and dug right in. I first observed the sandwich was just a tad smaller than what I was expecting but it looked great and tasted even better. The first bite hit my taste buds and immediately set off the pleasure censors in my brain. As the grease ran down my arm I kept thinking that this exactly how a cheesesteak should taste. Everything was properly proportioned and seasoned to perfection. The bread was just right with a little crunch on the outside and a nice soft interior. Most Philly cheesesteak joints use an Amoroso roll but Tony Luke's sources their bread from Liscio's Bakery and bakes it fresh in the store every day. The results are very nice. The roll does not taste the same as Amoroso but is every bit as delicious. On to the natural cut fries. They were spot on, hot and crispy on the outside with a delicious soft center, seasoned just right. The portion size was generous and I ate every last one. Everything was so good that I had the exact same thing on my return trip a few days later. I enjoyed my second visit just as much as the first.

I really don't understand the low rating this restaurant has on Yelp because I found the food quality to be excellent. The cheesesteak was fabulous, the fries were delicious and the service was first rate. Every item is made to order so your food is always hot and fresh. The place was clean and presentable. I will concede the prices are a little steep ($16.92 including tax and Philadelphia soda surcharge for cheesesteak, fries and soda) but that's to be somewhat expected at an airport. Truth be told, I would give them five stars if the prices were a little lower.  I had two great dining experiences here a few days apart and will definitely make a point to do it again on future visits to Philadelphia International Airport.
We came here on our philly layover. Im Not sure why people are crazy over "philly cheese steak" subs. They are boring and plain and nothing like the ones we have in New York. My boyfriend had one from here and never having a true Philly cheese steak sub. He was disappointed. It was basically all meat, dry meat. Minimal onions, no peppers and it came with a side of cheese whiz. Gross. There was of course no cheese on the sub. I tried a bite of it and was thankful that I didn't order from there. There was NO flavor. The ones in New York are sloppy and delicious with loads of cheese, onions, and peppers) next time we go to Philadelphia we will be sure to steer clear of the original sub. Maybe  ours was just bad but I doubt it. Glad we tried it though so now we know.
My first real "authentic" Philly. Yes it was in an airport and yes this is probably a watered down commercialized version but it was still absolutely delicious.
Best cheese steak I've had to date.
It really makes me want to have a reason to go to Philly and try all of the legendary cheese steak joints.
Around $10, for a foot-long sandwich.
The bread had a nice chewy texture which held up to the meat and onion and juices... I only got a little soggy toward the end and I had ran through the airport with it so I can't complain.
The steak was great quality, hot tender and delicious. The steak paired perfectly with the peppers and onions and cheese wiz. I am not a wiz fan per se but I had to go for the original. It's a bit salty but it really works with the sandwich. 
The service here was fine. No problems. I had an adequate amount of napkins provided.
If you're like me and you've never been to philly and you have a layover or connection at the airport it's an absolute must try.
Though, this may not be the best cheese-steak sandwich I've had in Philly, it is really not bad, especially for a chain.  I've found myself eating here, when in terminal F food court, instead of my usual SMASH Burger.  Everything is fresh, including the bread, and the toppings you can choose are also good.   I've had some really good cheese-steak sandwiches in Philly, and really the only thing missing here, is a little more meat and spices.  But, heck, for airport sandwich it's pretty darn good.
I've tried to fall in love with Tony Luke's as it's the most notable cheesesteak in the airport, but always feels like something is missing. Tip here is to never order mild provolone because then the steak is very bland! I would say you'll find a better cheesesteak most anywhere in Philly but if you're in a pinch and you are near the terminal to go for it. Very ok food but nothing worth going out of the way for.
You know that saying "When in Rome, do what the Romans do"?  Well here's a different saying "When in Philly, DON'T come here".  Like you, I was fooled by the advertising that they won all these awards from Zagat and had these amazing reviews.  So why not?

Pros:
+ Philly Cheesesteak.  In Philly.  Only if you're desperate for a sandwich and can't leave because of a short layover.
+ Fries big and meaty.

Cons:
- Fries Bland.  they just threw the fries in a bag, shook it up, and gave it to me.  Even then, it was just...fries.  Very generic taste, even Burger King is better than this.
- Sandwich is big, but overall empty and unfulfilling (like a push-up bra).
- Even ketchup didn't help.  In fact, it made it bearable.  Thanks ketchup, you get 5/5 stars!
- Barely tasted the mushrooms in my sandwich. Onions were diced up.  Seriously? Thinly sliced mushrooms and diced onions?  It should be thick mushrooms and ring sliced onions.  
- Manager kind of a douche.  He was nice to the clients, but talked down to his employees right in front of customers.  Personally, I despise two-faced people like this.

Do yourself a favor and disregard those fake news reviews.  This place is garbage and you should STAY FAR AWAY.

Try the Chinese food.  The Romans probably did.
I would love to give Tony Luke's a 5 star, but do to confused service it's why I give a 3.

The cheesesteak itself was delicious, fresh bread, a lot of tender greasy steak, and the right amount of cheese wiz.   

The lady working the front counter was beyond confused.   She wasn't very engaging and didn't make me or the other patrons feel welcome.   It was hard to hear what she said and didn't give me the reassurance that she understood my order.  She give 1 group someone else's sandwich.  When the lady give it back to her she didn't understand why.  A customer standing off the side told her it was his.   She took it up back and several minutes later called his number, just giving him the sandwich the lady returned.

The kitchen and front counter representative really need to have better communication between each other and the customers
Excellent cheesesteak!  My flight home from Dayton got rerouted through Philly - this place made the inconvenience worthwhile! Classic Philly cheesesteak on a fresh baked hoagie roll with melted cheese of my choice and wide range of toppings. Great taste. Bay Seasoned fries - just the right amount. Friendly staff. Definitely stopping here again next time I'm on a layover.
Avoid this place if you have any standard when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks.  I stopped here because the line was long -- though surely it must be a good sandwich. 

First crime against the cheesesteak--stale rolls. 

Second crime--tough meat that came in slab like chunks. Not sure how they managed to screw that up. You have to work at that one. 

Service is not great. They also screwed up the order which is hard to do with just one sandwich and nothing else.  How does a cashier enter an order for a cheesesteak and then forget to enter the cheese type and other add-ons?

Won't be back the next time I come through and urge others to save their money.
details..
  .. I was in PA for a very short work trip & unfortunately, didn't get to see much other than the airport & hotel. However, I was dropped off early for my flight home & was determined to eat a cheesesteak before leaving. I found Geno's Steaks as well as Tony Luke's through yelp. Both had mediocre reviews for their airport locations, but it seemed like TL's had much better reviews for their actual location, so I made the trek from Terminal B to Terminal F.

prOs..
  .. The food court area where Tony Luke's is located is clean & had plenty of seating. There are also tables where you can charge up if needed.
  .. They're located right where the inter-terminal shuttle drops off.

cOns..
  .. The cheesesteak that I had was good, but not memorable. I feel like I've had better cheesesteaks back in CA. The meat was ok & I felt as if the onions could have been cooked a little longer. However, considering this is an airport location, the food served its purpose.
Roast pork wasn't bad, really it wasn't. The cheese and broccoli rabe were present, it was a bit salty. A little bigger for the price would have been nice. The fries were old and limp. If I had the hutzpah I'd if asked for some to be made but the service was not warm and welcoming.
I was starving after what I thought was a long flight! We arrived at the Philly airport in the morning so I see a Tony Lukes . I'm thinking "Philly cheese steaks for breakfast ...don't mind if I do!" I told my husband he  had to order a philly cheesesteak too because we are in Philly!  I was definitely ordering one of those and then I see Salt & Vinegar fries!! What!! I had to read that again to make sure it wasn't a hallucination.  It was true and I was adding it to the order. While I was waiting for my order I was second guessing myself thinking the fries will probably overly salty where I can't eat any of it. I was thinking about canceling it but my order was ready. I tasted the sandwich with the perfectly salted fries and loved every bite of it!
Woah. Not good. If you are thinking, hey I'm in Philly airport so I should actively seek out a cheesesteak... think twice. What they serve here isn't a cheeses teak.  It's a mess, dry, and bland. I've had better cheesesteaks at mall food courts 

Save the moment and enjoy your first real cheesesteak in town at Johns Roast Pork. Or Pat's. 

I've not been to a real Tony Luke's so I can't say where they rate in the totem pole of cheesesteak-dom. And I've heard so many good things about Tony Luke's that i wet one judge then based upon this nasty mess. But if tony lukes is anywhere near as good as John's, Pat's, or Genos  I highly suggest they cut ties with this poopshow at the airport.  It's really killing their cred.

Out.
They shouldn't even bother serving cheesesteaks here - terrible. Born and raised in south Philadelphia so indeed know what I'm talking about. The steak is poor quality, not chopped and tasteless. The roll was fine. 
My husband said the breakfast sandwich was very good. Maybe the roast pork would've been a better choice?
Tony Luke's! Just got into Philadelphia Airport was really excited to have my first OG Philly cheese steak sandwich from the infamous tony lukes. What a disappointment! No offense but I had an Indian guy serving me and he didnt even have a philly accent...SMH! Sorry to say but phillys best in Cali has better cheese steaks than Tony Lukes in PHILLY! I hope it's only because we are at the airport. But this is your name Tony your locations should be consistent no matter where it's at!
Stopped to have a cheesesteak snack while changing planes. Either the sandwiches are getting smaller or they're putting less meat in them. I took three bites before I even had any meat in my cheesesteak! The roll was good but seemed long and thin, like a french baguette. Hey, when you pay $10 for a sandwich, you would think that you'd get a pretty kick ass sandwich. Not here! Charge me another two dollars or whatever, but give me some more meat! the middle of the sandwich was good, but I just needed the meat to extend to each end of the sandwich. Always comes with loads of grease on it too. Yeah, I know that's flavor, but put some more meat on it for better flavor!
An open letter to Tony Luke! 
Dear Sir,
I have touted your cheesesteak as the best in Philly for many years. I've been to many of the cheesesteak icons all over Philadelphia and after I tried them all I found meat cheese and bread your sandwich ruled! I would look forward to a hip through Philadelphia airport to Newark so I can grab a sandwich and also a fabulous Roast Pork Broccoli Rabe. Well sir sadly the sandwich I got today was a sad showing. Where's the beer is my battle cry! All the fuel is here but it's not making a big fire. Half of my sandwich was gone and I didn't even take a bite. Smaller bread less meat and my beloved Tony Luke's cheesesteak has been economically downsized.  
I'm going to need to eat something after nibbling on this tidbit!  I hope you come visit you airport location and make this right. Next time I get to Philly I'm going to the original location just to see if the real Tony Luke's still exists.  
Faith be willing,
Thanks for listening. 
FoodDude!
I was hungry and I had an hour to kill at the Philadelphia airport so I figured when in Rome...or Philly I must get a taste.  I'm assuming this is somewhat of a chain to be in the airport but because it's a local chain I felt like I could trust it.  They had a brightly lit neon sign that said fresh bread and all sorts of awards hanging behind the counter.  This may be the closest thing to a Taste of Philly I'm going to get for awhile. 

I ordered the junior steak with American cheese.  The bread was chewy and soft and there was plenty of cheese.  They kind of skimped on the meat but what was on there had good flavor and hit the spot for what I was looking for. 

I'd definitely try this again.. maybe an actual one in the city.
Salty, ill prepared crap. I ordered the legendary pork sandwich end it was in fact legendary - legendary as in one of the worst salt sandwiches I have ever had. On top of that I ordered broccoli Rabe. It had so little broccoli Rabe that it was not even visible. I've seen more parsley on potato salad. The french fries were cold mushy it tasted like frozen turd.

It was so bad I made the trip back and returned the entire meal. That is when the manager kicked in as well as the grill team. They accepted responsibility and made me a new sandwich.

I have eaten enough meals to know when it is corporates fault and not those on the ground. The food was not fresh and the recipe is overly salty. 

Cold fries is on the staff. They are a rare treat and should be served hot an crisp. I eat oatmeal in the morning. 


The second sandwich was just as bad. It's the ingredients - terrible.
The fries were hot and crispy this time but again way to salty. 

Note to Tony Luke - you can add salt, you can't take it off. Also  the broccoli rabe was tasteless and mushy. You got an extra star for the staff and store manager. The food is crap.
I wanted a good cheesesteak before leaving Philly and thought I'd give Tony Luke's a try in terminal F. Terminal F is suiting, because that's the grade I'd give the food. Fries were cold, lady working the counter was acting like I was interrupting her Facebook time on her phone by ordering, and the cheesesteak tasted like the frozen heatable ones from Costco. Pretty disappointed that I paid $15 for a cheesesteak and fries at that quality. Hopefully this was a rare occurrence, but I probably won't be trying this place again.
Hate to be harsh but dang! After having a limited selection at terminal F I finally decided to go with Tony Luke's. I was looking forward in trying there Philly Cheese Steak been in Philly and all. So I unraveled the sandwich and to no surprise the sandwich I got didn't look nothing like the picture on the overhead display of the sandwich. The part that got me even more was the meat. I don't know what it taste like to eat dog food, but I am sure I just paid $10 for it.
Bread tasted old and was dry. Beef had no flavor and there was hardly any provolone. This is a big disappointment and will definitely hurt the brand name over this airport excuse.
When I flew into Philadelphia and found out that my plane was coming into terminal F I was excited because I had been wanting to try the airport version of my favorite cheesesteak place: Tony Luke's! 

I hurried down and found it in the main food court area next to Chipotle. There were already a few people in line, but it took no time for me to reach the register and place my order. (Traditional cheesesteak with whiz and onions.) I opted for the 9 inch and would have gotten bigger if they had it available. The wait for a cheesesteak was approximately 8 minutes which I was told at the register. No problem.

I sat down and opened my cheesesteak and the steam and delicious smell poured out of the cheese paper! I was a bit disappointed to find my roll had been charred on top, but I dove in. The sandwich was almost as delicious as I remember from downtown. The steak was well seasoned and wonderful! The whiz and onions were on point! I give the Luke's downtown a 5/5 and for now this one is a 4/5. The guy next to me did not have a charred roll so I'm sure it was an accident. I'll try again in a few days!
I did not find that Tony Luke's was a great representation of Philly Cheesesteak, steak is frozen there is not much of it, sandwiches are small and I just felt like it lacked the flavor of Jim's.  I recommend despite the flashy ads to skip Tony Luke's and go to the places outside of the airport.
I stopped here while in the PHL airport. I asked for the philly cheesesteak in a container. 

1. They over charged me. They charged me for a sub when I didnt get a sub.

2. Customer service was not friendly
The Cheese steak and fries are excellent, came here two times while connecting through philly, the staff however is the lack of 2 stars.

Look I'm from Texas I don't eat many Cheesesteaks, but when I ask what should I order, I don't expect *That you order something* is the right response. 

The food quality is excellent and the Maryland fries are delicious. If your having a quick layover in Philly, grub here, but don't expect any service or friendliness from the staff and please dont give me that "it's philly" bull$#4. We are humans are should be treated to a higher standard than the local level of intelligence. 

Also the tables that you sit at in the food court be sure to use your own hand sanitzer and wipe your own tables, the bus boys/girls just stand around on their cell phones while you look at a dirty table and then them and they just continue to text instead of offering to clean you table. Good luck.
I was so excited to see Tony Luke's as an addition to the Terminal F food court when they completed their remodel/addition earlier this year.  Having the opportunity to have the Tony Luke's experience without having to go up to South Philly - what could be better?

And the food is awesome. The sandwiches are legit.

The disadvantage, though, is that the service is amazingly slow - like I could cook it faster myself slow.  Make sure that you do not have a quick connection when you order here because it is going to take you a long time to get your sandwich.

Another star off because they do not offer roast pork or cheesesteaks at breakfast.  Are you kidding me - you can get eggs anywhere,  I guarantee they would kill it if they offered their regular menu all day long.

If you have the time (and it is after breakfast) you can say you got an authentic Philly sandwich.  If you are in a hurry, go somewhere else.
TONY LUKE!! Why was I turned away at 9:39 on a Saturday night at your Philadelphia Airport shop?? The grill was being cleaned?? Arent you open til 11:30???
It's like Pat's and Geno's had a baby and named it Tony. It's chopped steak, which I prefer, on a substantial roll. God forbid the bread be 3 minutes past stale, because it would render this sandwich inedible.

I don't understand the local obsession with "crab fries" because if I'm getting something with "crab" in the name, I want actual crab meat. The dusting of crab boil spice/Old Bay was actually pretty good. The fries were very hot and crispy. The dusting of the Old Bay was generous.

As far as the location goes: it's in an airport. Don't expect much atmosphere. Except for the people watching while waiting for your number to be called out. 

Would I eat here again? In a wit onions and Whiz heartbeat.
SFO to PHI... I'm tired. I'm half awake walking to my little terminal to head back to Norfolk. It's 5:40am and I'm zombie. Then all of a sudden I spot a Tony Luke's. I'm reminded of my trip to AC and the cheesesteak binge Creagan B and I had en route to giving the casinos $2,000. Why, yes, I'll grab a cheesesteak to eat when back in Hampton Roads!

It wasn't until noon when I had this deliciousness and despite killing time with a flight, nap, and running errands, I was so happy to devour this cheesesteak. And damn was this a good choice! It was tasty. The cheese whiz held its own. I was one happy traveler.

Sure, there are many other cheesesteak options that Philadelphia has to offer but given the circumstances, this was my best (and only) choice.

Top tip: the morning menu only shows breakfast items. Don't be shy, ask for a cheesesteak. They'll make it for you. Eat one at the airport and grab an extra for the air. Sooooo worth it.
Terrible!  Tony, close this place down its and embarrassment to South Philly. 

I ordered an American with and they don't fry the onions here.  I watched as they put raw onions the top of my steak. Bad form!

I asked the lady who called my number if the order had fried onions and without confirming from the ticket say "sure"

Really "Sure". Are you sure that your sure.

Terrible steak.
Well being a fan of Tony Luke's for awhile now but the one at the airport lacks. There is less meat then im used to and the bread has no cruch.Its to soft except for the stale corners. I do appreciate though that I can get a cheese steak at 6:00am
So people were really nice  when they took my order. I've never been to Tony Luke's after we go to Pats and Gino's. These are going to New Orleans with me so I guess we shall see what this is all about stay tuned....
I so wanted to love my cheesesteak, but the meat was bland and dry and there wasn't nearly enough cheese on it. Sad. I'd try something else from them, but wouldn't get the cheesesteak again.
Not a real big fan. If you want subpar, salty, overpriced cheesesteaks. Go to Fat Tony Luke's
Worst cheese steak ever and I'm a Philly native passing thru the airport.Bread drenched in grease with steakum meat.Stay away.
I don't have anything good to say about this place. 

1. Food came off the grill luke warm
2. 0 customer service 
    A. Classic no kitchen communication or personality at the register 
3. Food was just horrible
4. Slow... very slow
     A.  I could have flown to Spain and back and still be waiting. 
5. Worst of all, it was way worse than I expected
6. I feel sick after eating here

1/5 stars
First time eating at Tony Luke's and I was not very impressed. The bread was the best part of the sandwich. The steak was bland, unseasoned and rubbery. I had better steakums. Won't be trying it again. No refills either.
The junior cheese steak was a bomb. Whiz not melted (saw the cook trying to dig it out of the warmer in a big cold glop) and the meat was I'd say below average. If you want a cheese steak and you're stuck in Terminal F, we'll there you go. My local Deli in South Florida makes a more authentic and delicious Philly Cheese Steak!
Wow, first time having an Italian Roast Pork. So disclaimer I have no reference for what a good one of these taste like. But I know what I had was not good. Sopping cold/warm mess. I hate Italian beefs because of the jus and I had a similar hatred with this one. The cold part was the cheese. It cooled the sandwich to the point where it really was not enjoyable. I ate as fast as possible to minimize the mess. I don't know if I'll try the Italian beef again, but definitely not at this place.
I hope the real restaurant is better than their airport restaurant. The sandwich was nothing like a real cheese steak. The meat was in wide thin slabs like steak-ems out of the box - not at all cut up like the pics on the menu and the cheese whiz was applied as thinly on the bread as you butter toast. 
Probably, the manager has not properly trained the workers how make a real cheese steak. 
It's a travesty that this place is what travelers get as a taste of Philly.  It also damages Tony Luke's reputation but it makes a lot of money so that's what they must really care about. 

Don't eat here if you want a cheese steak.
I ordered a Bacon egg and cheese on a roll since they ran out of Texas toast. The roll was decent and was nothing to brag about. The bacon and eggs were the best part of the sandwich since the bacon was not overcooked and it still has a crunchy texture. The eggs were fluffy and fresh, it certainly did not taste like other cardboard eggs. However, I would not recommend the hash brown as it was too greasy for me. Overall, if you're here to grab a quick bite, this place is decent, but that's it.
First cheese steak and I regret having it at the airport and not some famous place that claimed to have invented it. 

Still, wasn't bad. Price is not exaggerated, the bread was fresh and soft. Plenty of meat inside and I let them pick out Swiss cheese. Grilled onions and nothing more. I'll start with the basic and later on advance to more toppings inside. 

It's not 5 start because I wasn't overwhelmed. 
It's not 4 because throughout the sandwich I had a couple of bites that hit something hard. I figure it was bone or something but it wasn't meat, cheese, onions or bread. Didn't investigate too much.
Thoroughly average cheesesteak at PHL airport terminal F. The bread was mushy, the steak was chopped up WAY too fine. Cheese was good and the meat and veggies seemed to be of good quality but this place didn't really do it for me. The staff was very friendly and the fries were delicious.
I try not to pass through Philly without a cheese steak...but I was disappointed by the Tony Luke's version in the airport...I liked the way they cooked the peppers, onions and mushrooms, but not enough beef, not enough steak flavor, overall the cheese steak was not piping hot for having just been cooked, and the bread was a bit stale...

I would probably pass on Tony Luke's next time I'm in town.
Granted I don't get to Philly much, but I definitely know a real cheese steak from an impostor. And this place knows what it's doing. Went with onion, provolone and mushrooms. The roll was soft, the meat was juicy, and the ingredients were all well proportioned. Next time in the Philly airport, I'll be grabbing this sandwich and a hot pretzel.
Omg!!! I've never had a cheesesteak so good  I'm not a big eater so I ordered the junior philly; which is about 6 inches long, way more than enough if you want a good philly without feeling overly stuffed. I highly recommend this place.
Verdict: It's not the original but it's not a bad alternative at the airport.

This place is located in the outskirts of the airport terminals, in what seems to have the local food offerings. You'll also find the Philadelphia Pretzel Factory right across the food court. The Tony Luke's here isn't cheap by any stretch but you'll pay the premium when in need of a Philly fix.

I loved going to the original Tony Luke's before they started popping up everywhere. They made a decent cheesesteak but you could get that in a lot of places in Philly. This place probably does a better job than most with their pork sandwiches.

Looking for that familiar flavor, I ordered the roast pork with broccoli rabe. There wasn't anything really on the lighter end but I did find and order the cooked spinach side dish. The sandwich was exactly what I expected and I enjoyed every bite. The spinach side was tiny and a bit salty but otherwise good.

Even though this terminal is at the far end, there's a shuttle that brings you right here from one of the more central locations. If you have the time and crave some more authentic local cuisine, this place might be worth the trip.
I should have known that eating at a well known cheesesteak place in the philly airport was going to yield less than favorable results but my husband insisted. I hate to say it,  but if this is what Tony Luke's actual store in downtown philly has to offer, then I am betting off sticking with my go-to cheesesteak place in philly, JIMS. The best cheesesteak in Philadelphia is Jim's.
This was highly recommended by a co-worker and so I tried it. I had the chicken steak. There was a good amount of meat in the sandwich, and I appreciated that they put vegetables in there. Went with the broccoli rabe and extra mushrooms.

Sandwich was a good size, wait was not bad, and the cashiers were friendly and pleasant. It's in the food court as well so seating was not too bad. Recommended if you're into sandwiches.
By far the worst cheesesteak i have ever tasted. Lacked flavor and any type of seasoning. I'm in philly for a layover and I'm pretty sure this is not a good representation of what a philly cheesesteak should taste like. Total waste of money. I would not recommend
Ehh. Thought I'd get a cheesesteak since I was in Philly.  I've had better in Phoenix.  Plus it would have been a slighty better experience if the girls in front got off Facebook.
Their cheese steak is as good as any so if you're just passing thru and need to see what a real Philly Cheese Steak is have at it. If you want the best Tony Luke's has to offer jump on the Italian! Roast pork, sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. To die for friends!
You want my tip......... Here goes!!
Don't waist your time and money.  This place sucks!!!   The original place out by the ports is still there and is the bomb!!!   Go there they care unlike at the airport.  

Want another tip?:    Hey Tony, you need to come here and taste this shit they are putting out with your name on it.  Not hot bread or meat.  Not chopped up but clumps of gristle.  Tony you need to do a Resturant rescue here brother.  They are smearing your name all over the place.
Very very poor customer service from lady at the register, she was very rude with all 4 people she took orders from. Food was good but will not come back here if she is working!
You can imagine the hunger I was facing as my flight was canceled from 10am to 2:49! So looking around the food court i debates what I could eat.  I usually go with chipotle but decided to try something new.  

Tony Luke's Im sure we have all seen on tv so I took the leap. There isn't to much to choose from steak, chicken, veggies, roast beef or pork. Once you pick that base then you can choose how to customize your sandwich.  I ordered the hoagie which is lettuce, tomato, mayo and pickles (I ordered it without pickles.) I also got a side of fries and a drink.

The food took some time which I can appreciate as I like fresh cooked food which this definitely was.  The fries were crispy, the sandwich was some of the most delicious cheesesteak I have had. The Mayo, veggies just made the sandwich. The bread was still crusty so it didn't get soft and mushy.  All in all it's airport food so I paid $17+ but it filled me, satisfied me and because of that it gets my 5 stars
(4) ~ very good overall food & service. Notes: You have to ask for Fried Onions, as they aren't listed on the menu.  And if you ask to put on ketchup, be sure to get extra packets at the end as they don't put much on;)

MENU:
** Cheese Steak(w. Fried onions, Ketch-up, Whiz & Provolone) = (4] very good
** French Fries = (4) very good, best described as McDonald's Fries with the skin still on them;)
My usual airport indulgence: Tony Luke's Terminal F at Philadelphia Airport. The staff here is actually very pleasant contrary to the general atmosphere of this airports staff. Are usually opt for the same sandwich beef, Liz and provolone or American. Left off them mushrooms this time round them up today and two sweet peppers. Fast, hot, served with a smile. TIP: if you're traveling with more than one person, have them cut the sandwiches two were four slices which is more than enough. Unless you are a professional eater, this sandwich can easily get the best of you.TIP 2: This is the best place to charge your phone at Philadelphia airport. One of the only places you can find a working outlet.
The sandwich was good, but the service was terrible. 'Do you want fries with that?' Yes? No fries. 'Do you want a drink with that?' Yes? No drink. 'Oh, I made a mistake... twice? Tough shit... reach into your wallet or be thirsty.' Not impressed.
I usually eat here when I have a layover in Philadelphia, so I am familiar with the food.  Today, I ordered a Cheesesteak with cheese wiz, grilled onions, tomato, lettuce and mayo. There was no line, and it certainly was not busy.  But I guess the guy on the grill was feeling a bit lazy anyway.  The finished product was very sloppy with a large glob of mayo underneath the tomatoes, which were just thrown on top of the meat. I had to use napkins to wipe away some of the excessive mayo; and could not even eat it like a sandwich.  This was definitely not like any other cheesesteak I ever had at Tony Luke, here in the airport or at the original location in the city.
First time eating a cheesesteak. Yeah, I know. Don't judge me. Got the 9" traditional (cheese whiz and onion). Awesome good sandwich.
A really good pork roast Italian sub. I grabbed a few while waiting for my flight to bring home to the family. Re-heated in the home oven at 300 degrees for 10 minutes and they were awesome.  My husband actually said it was the best he'd ever had.  Mine had sharp provolone and broccoli rabe with long hots, hubby's and kid's had provolone and spinach with mushrooms. Really great buns too. I will absolutely be back and save myself a trip downtown to grab sandwiches to go. Just grab them at the airport, they are all wrapped nicely and slip them in my carry on.
Um... kinda scratching my head here? I know it's the airport and that's an experience in itself. But the service was great the lady that took my order was so kind and friendly. Couldn't say the same for the cheese steak sandwiches though. 

**Let's start with the good. 
-piping hot
-seemed made to order
-meat was tender

**The bad. 
-Bread was cold and dry
-Meat was dry and had no taste
-seasoning need? 
-cheese was at its minimal 
-more bread than meat 

All in all I need to try the one that's original. Hope this helped.
I didn't try the sandwiches right after I purchased them, so my review may not be the most accurate. Since I had a few hours layover before my next flight, I decided to pull a crazy stunt and take the bus to Terminal F and check out Tony Luke's. The least amount of time it'll take to go back and forth between Terminal F is probably an hour- the bus ride over takes 10-15 minutes each way, then you have to order and wait for your food, and catch the next bus that comes. Also, it'll take 10-15 minutes to get your sandwich at Tony Luke's, even though the line isn't that long. I decided to try:

-Junior Italian Roast Pork (w/Sharp Provolone, Broccoli Rabe, $7.59, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tony-lukes-philadelphia-6?select=GB5t3XxaxRhk0IGYfW12TQ#GB5t3XxaxRhk0IGYfW12TQ): Eh, just ok. The pork was really salty, and it got a little soggy from the broccoli rabe, so not even popping it in the toasted oven helped. If you order this, I don't think provolone is the way to go. I would give this another try but eat it right away.
-Traditional Cheesesteak (w/Mild Provolone, $8.49, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tony-lukes-philadelphia-6?select=GB5t3XxaxRhk0IGYfW12TQ#5wQKfJkavtj6wcFMPFsyFA): I opted for provolone vs. whiz so it wouldn't get soggy, and I think I would've enjoyed this much more with the whiz. However, the bread was good, as was the steak, and I would order this again.

I didn't think that the cheesesteak or roast pork from Tony Luke's was amazing, and better than other cheesesteaks I've had in Philly. However, since I didn't eat the sandwiches right away, I'll have to hold off on my final opinion until then.
Good, reasonably priced food, although you should be prepared for a bit of a wait.  Everything is prepared fresh, so you might be waiting 15 minutes or more for a chicken parm sandwich, depending on how busy they are.  Just grab a seat nearby & wait for your number to be called & then enjoy (until you notice that the city of Philadelphia has put a surcharge on fountain drinks).
I was excited to try a Philly Cheese steak, I was disappointed to say the least. There was a TV showing their owner on popular culinary shows like throw down with Bobby Flay, and man VS food. Then we were really excited, but it was short lived after the food came. It had a lot of gristle in the meat.. Pieces that I actually took out of my mouth because I didn't want to eat them. I think this place might be good at their actual original location, but this was certainly commercialized.
I wasn't going to pass through Philly without getting a cheesesteak and this being my only option in Terminal F I had to take it. The Italian style chicken cheesesteak I had was delicious!  The bread was soft and chewy, the sharp provolone amazing and perfect contrast for the broccoli rabe that accompanied it. The sandwich really needed no other accompaniments because it was huge( if I was traveling with someone we could easily split the smaller size) but I had to try the Maryland style fries. Doused in old bay seasoning they left my fingers reddish orange and my mouth happy. Given the other chain option and overpriced bar in the terminal, Tony's left me very happy with my layover choice meal.
Thought it very good food.  Slow service, so prepare for that but food was very good .  Add onions and mushrooms to your Philly steak... Customer service is not their forte but food is !!
Who knew Tony Luke's had Breakfast? I didn't until a few weeks ago. I work in and out of the airport so I just wanted a quick bite they offer any combination really, of bfast sandwiches in my case I ordered the Hashbrown, egg, and provolone cheese on a roll always a solid choice! ( they also have bacon, sausage,steak,ham) I've also had their chicken cheesesteak pretty solid choice as well!
Where does one begin with this epically bad and disappointing sub, well let's try the dry meat and tasteless bread. No jalapeños just blah blah
Forgettable 

Overrated and average nothing memorable
Blah taste and steak slapped on a soft roll
I get that it's the airport but if I wanted an overpriced steakumm sandwich I would have waited till I got home.  Everything is an added charge which is ridiculous.  Most Cheesesteak places dont charge for the onions or peppers but Tony Luke's does which is sad.  Do yourself a favor get the Philly Cheesesteak pretzels from Philly Pretzel factory the are cheaper and have more flavor
Look people, if youz think your gonna get the best cheese steak in Philly at Terminal F, then you deserve to be in Terminal F. 

Just appreciate that if youz was too stoopid to find a good cheesesteak among the million or so places OUTSIDE the airport, you can still pretend.
Not a good experience. I asked the somewhat English-speaking girl at the counter if they had breakfast burritos. She said yes. I should've been aware of what was going on when she asked me if I wanted American cheese or provolone in that. When the sandwich was done it was a sandwich on bread. Not a burrito. I would recommend management screens people thoroughly for their English speaking skills and to listen what customers ask.
Just as I was starting to feel sorry for myself for having to travel for work the week of Thanksgiving, this little gem came beaming at me like a ray of sunshine with rainbows and kittens! I have been to Tony Luke's many times while in the Philly area and cannot get enough of their roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe. The pork is so tender and juicy and the sharp provolone and broccoli rabe cut thru the richness of the pork. The fries were hot and crispy too. This location is just as good as the rest. Well done Tony!
Looking for a great, greasy Philly cheesesteak - look no further! This cheesesteak will be dripping with grease and you'll want extra napkins. It was delish. I got it with provolone (I know, not a real Philly unless it has cheese whiz) but it was great. Bread was fresh and there was zero wait time to order. I sat and mauled this thing down with some passion. If you're hungry and want a good Philly, you can come here.
Terrible quality. You will not get a quality cheesesteak here. Always out of something on the menu. Try to pass off sweet peepers as long hots. People working here could care less about the quality. This one should be shut down.
The food was fantastic as always at any Tony Luke's.  Only issue here at the Philly airport location is the order taking front staff are rude and act like they don't give a flip about what you are ordering and just want you out of their faces as fas as you can.  Again the food was a 5 star but I and many others felt like shit for bothering the girls so we could order, get a drink and pick up our food.
Terrible. Don't even bother... I ordered these off the website and they were disgusting.. extremely salty chewed up and spit out meat. Gross ... where's the cheese? What a waste
Not as good as I remember...or did my palate grow up?  The bread seemed chewy ...like it had been microwaved.  The meat had no flavor and seemed a teeny bit ...tough.
I'm not sure how you mess up steak egg and cheese but alas! I paid 11$ for a sandwich and literally threw it away after the 2nd bite. I would've stopped at the first bite but I felt guilty for wasting the money. Now I'm waistline time writing a review. Hopefully it saves someone else money.  It tasted like nothing.
Their sandwiches look nothing like the ads, much smaller. But that aside, good stuff! We had with provolone and with whiz. I must say, I am a whiz man. Meat was great and tasty fries were a hit as well. Its worth a shot if you are in the terminal.
