Wait, not ANOTHER place that serves gourmet Brussels sprouts!? Is this trend not dead yet?!? Well I'm glad it's not because the Brussels at Tradesman's were the BOMB! 
I came here with my cousin for Happy hour because he said the drinks were good, reasonably priced, and the seating made it easy for him to talk to women. I said bro, its called a "happy hour" and you attempting to talk to women makes me sad. But that's another story. Back to the review ,"sips tea". 
Tradesman's did a great job with its layout of a second level overlooking the bar and high bar stools that are outside but kinda inside of the huge open window. The beer specials and bar food is the real winner tho.
I ordered about 3 apps and 3 drinks between the two of us and still was under $30 bucks. Not bad at all! We ordered burger sliders, nachos, and the bbq brussels sprouts with onions. 
The sliders were good and the nachos were ok, but my fave by far were the brussels. They were just cooked with that slight char on them and the bbq sauce only glazed the brussels just enough to taste it, but not make them soft.
I will definitely be back here soon, especially to try other food items, catch some sporting events, and cringe-watch my cousin talk to women.
I checked out Trademan's because I was in Center City for an event!  I don't get to Center City too often these days (Apocalyptic Pandemic Reasons..Lol) so I wanted to get a place with a varied menu!

The menu features BBQ items and a robust beer/draft menu!

Me & my friends decided to sample a few items...cheesesteak egg rolls; smoked wings and a burger!

The food was Meh ...the beer menu and service is why we gave it the extra star!  Our server was fantastic!  

The space is wide open and I appreciate openness!

Would I return..Yes..Happy Hour for sure!
We (a handful of us) came here after a Yelp Event to unwind we'll say, and well basically we didn't want the party to stop. Plus with a name like "Tradesman" this already sounds like it's a blue collar type of atmosphere, but has a laid back vibe to it. You know I'm always in it to win it.  

The staff were attentive, hustling to get you your drinks if you're sitting at a table. The bartenders are also awesome as they do their thing, keeping everyone well hydrated, with it being pretty close a full house. I know the libation gods would definitely approve of the beverages they serve. I know I was with the different types of whiskey they house. I had a bad ass Old Fashioned or two, ok maybe three while I was there, along with other refreshing drinks. 

Now I haven't tried any of their dishes so I can not give you my opinion on anything they serve. I will tell you this though, I did see the menu I also saw something on there that caught my eye like an Italian to a great marinara. Pork Belly is what I'm screaming! We all know the sayings "Swine is Divine" or "I Dig the Pig" . I love how they also have a smoked onion and bacon dip, and you all know what is gonna happen here. Yes there is more to their menu, but those two dishes literally gave me goosebumps. Like fat guy friendly I'm gonna do the "Truffle Shuffle"  goosebumps. 

This is why I will be back, not only because of the selections crafts and  whiskey one could enjoy, but to have some pig on pig crime all up in there! Pork will always be on my fork, just saying I'm all about these types of shenanigans.
Walked in and stood at the waiting area too long not to be acknowledged.

Looked around (for obvious attention) not one person said anything or care to approach me.

While there took a pic of the waiting area and a bug.
Came here to eat this past Saturday with my boo since he chose it for an early dinner. Deff a place I would hang out- it has a country/sports bar type of feel playing country music, the waitresses wearing short shorts and cow boy boots and the men servers wearing Levis. 

Out front there is patio seating but was mobbed with people so we sat inside. We were seated in the back and there was a huge TV on the wall using a projector to okay a college football game. The crowd was mixed with families, older people and many people who seemed to be in their twenties. The waitress came over quickly to take our drink orders, and was fast and proficient. The waitress to me was prob the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and was just as friendly. The staff in general were some really nice looking people- kind of odd and wondering if that was their standard when hiring. 

When it came to the menu- it was BBQ style foods. I ended up getting the fried chicken and we shared a cornbread. He got the pulled pork sandwich with French fries. I would've liked if the fried chicken actually came with something but I felt like it was lacking- basically 3 small pieces of chicken on a silver plate with a slice of bread in the corner- for idk what for and 2 pickles and some weird chopped up onion. I didn't take a photo cause my phone died- but if I did you'd see that the random bread on the plate didn't make sense and the platter appeared to be missing things. 

Everything extra was literally extra money- maybe I'm used to places that include sides but here you have to pay extra for fries or even cornbread! A bit pricey I'd say but I guess you pay the price of eating downtown. 

The cornbread was somewhat dry but was better once I asked for butter so I can put that on top. The fried chicken was over cooked but I still ate it- it did have a nice flavor. The French fries tasted good though and my boo enjoyed his sandwich although he said was over cooked also. 

I loved the service and the environment but wished the food was as good. Maybe I would give them s second try and see if it makes a difference. I deff would go back cause it seemed like a good hang out.
Never coming back again.  

Come if you want your time wasted for 45min because they staff lost your ID and credit card, then refused to acknowledge that they had lost them, and so start to literally run away from you when you approach them and say they're still "running the credit card" at an open bar event you had paid for ... not just entrance, but we paid for 2 tables.  

Came here for a New Year's Eve event that made my entire group want to leave before midnight.  There was ONE bar tender for the entire venue or easily over 200 people.  Interestingly, once the open bar was over at midnight, 3 extra bar tenders showed up.  Props for the business acumen on maximizing your profits and minimizing customer satisfaction.  

The line to the bathroom was over 30min long.  There were three waitresses for multiple tables.  Three waitresses who were near impossible to get ahold of as they spent most of their time hiding in the back staff rooms.  We bought tickets to the mezzanine floor and because they were oversold, we were subsequently barred from an area we had paid extra for.

Finally the hor d'oerves that were served brought back memories of my high school cafeteria.  On a bad day.  For a place that advertises bbq, you would think there would be something of that nature.  Instead there was a messy table akin to a pig trough of fries, chips, nachos, and chicken fingers.  

Highly disappointed in this place.  Wouldn't come back.  Ever.  For anything.
Make sure to check your credit card statement after going to this place, and keep any receipts you get. 

My credit card was charged $130 for 2 beers that I purchased on 1/12. I called the bar on 1/18 later once I checked my credit card statement and noticed the error. They never returned my call, so I called again later that day. I spoke to a manager and was able to resolve the issue, he said he would pass along the issue to the accounting department and it would be resolved in a few business days. On 1/30, 12 days later, I was still not refunded. I called the restaurant and was told a manager would call back shortly. No one did, so I called again on 1/31. I talked to a manager of a different bar and he was able to pass along the information to the accountant, who then reached out. I was finally refunded on 2/6. Everyone I spoke to seemed friendly, but not concerned that a bartender tipped himself $100+. Also, the issue was never communicated to the proper people in the first place which caused an additional delay. I will probably be back to the bar since my friends are obsessed with this place for some reason, but I will never use a credit card there again.
Went here for nye. Paid about $100 for "vip" tickets and upstairs was just as crowded as downstairs. Literally waited 45 minutes for one drink and had two heatstrokes and a drink spilled on me because you couldn't move. This was the worst nye experience and I'm surprised the fire department didn't shut this place down because they were way past max occupancy. 1/10 would never come here again
The bar itself is great (very small and crowded BUT fun) but the manager, Alexis (blonde - small girl, with a giant attitude) ruins the entire experience. She is SO rude it's insane. I have never felt so disrespected by a fellow female before and she is the main reason I will not return to Tradesman. I asked a simple question and her snobby remark is the reason I will not return. Unless they fix management, don't waste your time.
New bar in Philly. Sadly the bartender wrote in a fake tip and put a one in front of my $5 tip for drinks. Called the manager to have this handled and was refunded the difference in tip, after 2-3 weeks. If I was the manager I would have issued the entire check back...won't be returning to this place with dishonest bartenders who take advantage of customers.
This score is solely based on the dry rub( which I never get) ribs. They are SUPER delicious! And this coming from someone who is known for her ribs. The coleslaw was ok. I did ask for some dressing for them. 
The place is large and so I felt very comfortable with eating in this establishment, in terms of distancing.
Our waitress was attentive until we got our food. Then she disappeared for a bit. It was okay because I snagged another waitress when I needed more of the delicious sauce for my ribs.
My daughter and her boyfriend frequent here and I'd actually been one other time. But I didn't have the half rack of ribs, apparently. This is totally a favorite now.
Came here twice. Once for a beer event and once for dinner. 

The beer event was packed. You could hardly reach the bar, and it took about 10 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge us for a beer. Good thing the beer was worth waiting for! 

The second time I came for dinner, so is more worthy of a fair review. The restaurant was a lot less crowded. We were seated immediately. The hostess was great. Our waitress was also great, she helped with the menu and recommended some good beers. She was pretty attentive and did a good job. However, when I needed an extra pint glass, I walked up to the bar to ask for one, and the bartenders again took a long time to acknowledge me (this time the bar was pretty empty). 

FOOD- we ordered the 3 meat, 3 sides combo platter. For 2 people, it was plenty of food and we didn't even finish it. We got brisket, pulled pork, and fried chicken. The brisket was dry, the pulled pork was really good, and the fried chicken I didn't eat, but my husband seemed to like it! The sides we ordered were Mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, and baked beans. The Mac was mild, I like a stronger or sharper cheese. The baked beans had more chunks of bacon in it than actual beans, which was good but I'd prefer the beans. The mashed potatoes were my favorite side item. Yumm. The cornbread was also average, kind of dry. 

Overall, this place is decent. I would come back here because of the convenient location and good beer, but the food was average, and don't expect fast bar service.
I'd love to comment on the food, but last evening was the second time I had a reservation and was left sitting in the waiting area past the time of my reservation with no table being even remotely available.

When you have every 15 minutes available on Open Table, but tell me there are no available tables when we arrive, you're booking poorly. I realize that people eat at different paces, but then don't make it look like you have available tables.

My friend and I were the only 2 people waiting, other parties breezed in and were seated. When we would check in with one of the 2 hosts, neither one ever seemed to remember who we were. About 15 minutes after our reservation, we were told that they had no idea when a table would be available, so we left.

It's obviously a popular spot, but I wouldn't plan on eating here if you're interested in sitting to dinner on any kind of schedule.
Came here as restaurants/stores were starting to reopen from COVID. To be honest, the food here was surprisingly really good! We tried the brisket, wings, buffalo cauliflower. The buffalo cauliflower was DELICIOUS! As for the wings, we tried the garlic buffalo and maple sriracha (former is better than latter). Everything was shareable. I'd definitely come back for the food again. Prices were decent as well. In regards to the ambiance, we had to sit outside as the inside is not yet open. They had set up tables all along the outside. I guess something that drew me off was I was surrounded by people just standing around and drinking; not a lot of privacy. Service was also really good! However, a hostess did approach us to tell us we had to consider leaving because we reached our "90 minute" limit that they had imposed on diners due to the crowds (though we had only been there for 70 minutes). These things definitely brought down the rating.


Rating: 6/10
Pros: Food's pretty decent
Cons: Crowded
Recommendation: brisket and buffalo garlic wings!
WHOA, shocked to come here to see only 3 stars. I had a 5 star experience. The food is plentiful- the 2 meat platter can feed well over 3 people. The sides are large. I'm pretty sure the place had 40+ beers on rotating tap. Skip the appetizers- you won't need them. The food was awesome tho, and I wasn't expecting a 5 star experience. Make reservations on the early side- the restaurant turns into a night club around 9pm.
Don't be fooled by the beautiful aesthetics...this place ain't all it's cracked up to be. At only 8PM on its second night open flights of beer weren't available and known for their BBQ, both ribs AND brisket were out of stock. Despite the high prices, portions were small and no sides were given with entrees. The alleged coleslaw with your meal wasn't even given. Overall, this establishment is a disgrace to Philadelphia. 

Headed to McGillins to wash down my sorrows.
Tradesman's is a delicious new full-service barbecue place to spearhead entry in Philadelphia's Midtown Village.

My induction was to choose it for a first date I was on, and it really impressed us both. The spacious 2-floor dining room is warmly lit, and has plush red seating with beautiful wooden tables. We were able to carry on a great conversation, so the music and white noise wasn't too loud at all. 

It didn't initially occur to me to call this a barbecue restaurant, even though staples such as smoked chicken, brisket, pork belly, ribs, and cornbread are on the menu. Barbecue restaurants in Center City are such a rarity, especially one as modernly-elegant as this. But it truly is a bona fide barbecue - the nose knows, and you can't help but be taken aback by that delicious aroma while inside. 

We started off with the Potato Skins appetizer; I recall there being 5 of them on the plate. It probably would make a better impression to even it out, especially when the waiter knows there are two people there; however, the plate was big enough to take the hungry edge out of both our bellies - so there is not much room for a worthwhile complaint. And the Skins were delicious, topped off with juicy pork belly on each one.

We both had heard about how good the Smoked Chicken entree was, but it had already been sold out at 5:30pm on a Friday - that does not bode well, being a signature entree at a new place. But I'll extend grace that this is a new restaurant, and management will need to tweak their stock orders better for the future.

So we both did get to try a couple super-delicious entrees. My date had the Housemade Sausage and loved it; I'm not a sausage fan at all, but it had a delicious flavor...for sausage. Hey, it was smoked - and I love most anything smoked.

I admit to being surprised as to how delicious my Brisket entree was, and I'm a barbecue snob! The brisket cut was plentiful, it was a little on the fatty side (as most brisket tends to be served), but its scrumptious smokey flavor was a bell-ringer to me! Heck, even the brisket fat was delicious. Isn't it always a good sign when you try something new, and your mind goes wild trying to size it up to where you think you've might of had it better? Trademan's brisket really is up there for the best brisket award, against all the places that I've been in the past. You just won't go wrong choosing the brisket here.

Entrees are typically served on a bed of white bread, and you'll have to order the sides à la carte. We were too full for either sides or dessert, and we both still want to try that Smoked Chicken, so I look forward to coming back here again.

The staff were fantastic even though we had to hunt down our waitress a few times, thinking she forgot about us.

There is a definite bar area if you just want to get your drinks on, or don't need a proper table, and it is really cool. In fact, they bill this as a Whiskey Hall; you'll have to read others' reviews about that since I'm not a drinker. The bar extends right to the open front wall of the building, with permanent seating right there on the outside of the wall. On a warm night, this place is lively from the outside to the inside. I left admiring the way the whole place was set up. 

This is the kind of inviting place that I always thought Center City should have more of.
This had to be the worst NYE party I've ever attended. You expect a crowd on New Years but this was completely ridiculous. It took about 45 minutes just to walk from the front door to the VIP section. Which was just as crowded as the general admission section. It took another hour to get a drink. Clearly this was just a cash grab and they didn't seem to care how many tickets they sold. I'd say I won't be returning next NYE but I highly doubt this bar will still be in business unless they make some major changes to their management. 0/10 Embarrassing.
Paid $80+ for NYE and it was a complete disaster. Had to wait 45 minutes just to get any drinks which defeats the purpose of an open bar. They totally oversold the event as people were bumping in to each other all night. No idea how you sell that many tickets but only have one bar with like two bartenders. And not that it even mattered at that point but nobody got that promised champagne toast at midnight. I won't even get into having to wait a half hour for the bathroom. Just a total trash event and turns me off from ever returning to Trademan's again for anything. At least the bartenders were friendly.
We attended the New Years event here. We paid 100 dollars for the "VIP Mezzanine" ticket. It was super crowded and the bar was impossible to get to and only had 1 bar tender (there were only two bars the entire place). We had an awful experience and it was definitely not worth the money. They tried to force us to pay a $30 cover after already having paid for the tickets!! We felt taken advantage of and that the cost of the ticket was far greater than the "benefits" that we received (were supposed to receive). For big events, stay away from this place.
After months of meaning to stop by here I walked in one day whole in training and seeking food. The ambiance reminded me of a cool bar / pub atmosphere.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.

I tried the wings which were served with carrots, celery sticks, and blue cheese. The wings had a good bourbon barbecue sauce. The wings were tender and juicy with the perfect amount of crisp. To go with the wings I had the potato skins. While traditional wings come with cheese & bacon often times... these wings were served with pork belly. All I can say is this was pure genius and a perfect combination.  I tried the cornbread as well. The cornbread was ok, but nothing too great. 

The food is definitely a must try! I will be back.
After going to Tradesman's for dinner and drinks, there is one word to describe it: fine. Everything about the experience was just "fine."

The interior was an uninspired and generic country theme, country music blasting through the three story restaurant (two levels with a private space downstairs). The waitresses all wore short-short jeans and flannel, which--in 2019--feels like they're trying too hard to cater to the local business bros (also, it's winter... let your servers wear pants).

The food was fine. We shared the pulled pork, tri-tip, and brisket with a variety of sides, and started with potato skins. If the kitchen under-seasons food, it is nice to have salt and pepper on the table (the server needed to put salt in a ramekin for us, since shakers didn't exist). The meat was fine. The portions were reasonable for the price.

The service was fine. The server was attentive, but not very personable, which is fine since she is working in shorts when it's 30-degrees outside. There was food left on one of our trays, but it was collected with the rest of the table without asking if we wanted to take it with us. And, without checking if we wanted anything else, the bill arrived, bringing the meal to a close.

Tradesman's fits in with the other nearby after work fare like Brü and U-Bahn, but it's hard to say how many of these places the neighborhood can sustain. If you want good barbecue, go to Khyber's in Old City or Fette Sau in Fishtown. If you just need a place for a quick happy hour, well, Tradesman's will be fine.
I was a little hesitant to come here, because I didn't hear great things after they opened. HOWEVER, I came here for happy hour recently and had a great experience. The bartenders were pretty attentive even with a crowded bar and they offer a pretty extensive happy hour menu. $3 off cans, select $3 beers, wine/cocktail specials, and food specials $5 and under. The Brussel sprouts and chicken nachos were also delicious.

As a fan of country music, I definitely enjoyed the music they had playing in the background. If you're into watching sports or want to watch a game there, they have a few TVs playing different events/channels.

I'd definitely go back sometime and try out dinner.
My friends and I came here for lunch on a Saturday, but instead, we were pleasantly surprised by a brunch option! Sadly, you can't order food from their "regular" menu during this time, so if you want BBQ this wouldn't be a good time to go. The brunch was rather decent and they have a good selection. I got the burrito, which to be honest wasn't too special. If you're a hungry person, their "Hungry Man" is definitely large and filling, and my friend enjoyed it very much. They also have other classic brunch items as well. This time, they didn't give us a "time-limit" to eat, so I recommend coming around this time. Still very easy to reserve a table. Rating went up!
Visited this bar on a Saturday afternoon, celebrating my birthday! The waitress was so sweet enough to get me a free birthday shot accompanied by one of those crazy lighters! 
The menu had a good variety of drinks and snacks. The Moscow mule is my usual go to and it was definitely on point! 
It was a large crowd of people despite it being a rainy afternoon. The interior had this vibe of pipes and a rustic look  with dim-ish lighting and had a full bar. They have a variety of high and low tables.

Good bar to stop by for sure! Do check it out!
Came for the media preview- beautiful space! High ceilings, a cool industrial chic vibe. Bbq was delicious - loved the ribs, the pulled pork, and the brisket. The cornbread was moist and the Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were pure southern goodness. Only knocking a star cause I wasn't crazy about the cocktails, but the beers were wonderful!
We wound up at Tradesman's on the day after Christmas because we literally had three other places tell us they were suddenly closing because of COVID positive tests amongst their staff. Of course, we wound up visiting in the middle of an Eagles game. This meant that 1) it was packed and 2) they were serving an extremely limited menu for gametime. We were all pretty bummed as their regular menu looked much more appetizing than the game food menu that contains like six items only. But we tried to make the best of it. We got the nachos (OK), the cheesesteak eggrolls (OK)  and the loaded tots (also OK). We ordered the chicken wings but they were never brought to the table. And we ordered fried shrimp, which the kitchen was kind enough to make us even though they are not on the limited game day menu. Overall it was average to slightly better than average bar food. Drinks were served in plastic cups, our table was dirty and super wobbly and our waitress had too many tables. Probably would not come back. Also for a whiskey bar, I could not find a single whiskey I wanted to drink.
Great place to eat. Meats are always tender and sauces are great.  I would go back to this restaurant again once the indoor dining is restored.
It is more of a hard opening... They were very unprepared....Let us start with the food. So you have a shared platters but none of them are available..... A few items were missing from the menu... this is 7pm on a Saturday.... out already?! The ribs were spectacular.... the tri-tips steak and sausage and pork belly where great... the brisket was a disaster. So getting to the sides... they were extremely small... they are not portions to share... so if you think you are sharing do not. For example the Mac and cheese is not even a serving for a child. The fries... a serving at McDonalds is larger. And the sauces... good, but they should have enough sauce to serve your tables. I didn't mind them coming by but the fact they needed to stop by three times to get sauces to share with other tables is ridiculous. You know how many tables you have plan accordingly.. Booze... yes... I know you are a Whiskey & BBQ Bar, Whiskey list impressive, but it would be nice if you offered some form of signature cocktails. Cans of beer... missing in action... order from the draft list....  it was a good list to choose from.

Two more house items... don't kill yourself going downstairs to the bathroom. Bring a flashlight, you will need it unless you want to play touchy feely for a bathroom door. No downstairs lighting. The AC decided it should randomly drip on us from two different location. Be mindful of the seat behind the hostess stand!
It's not bad at all, but I'd expect better. 

Nice selection of beer and an okay selection of whiskey. My bartender put club soda in my old fashion which is about as fun as asking someone who is vegan if they're vegan. 

BBQ is meh.
Really cool space.  Just keeps going and going.  Multiple bars.  Great whiskey list.  It's a good thing the beer list was solid as I surely won't back for the food. Well the BBQ.  There is a 9 TV setup but it's done with 9 individual TV's that aren't lined up properly and the bezels block your view.  Seen much better displays that have a seamless layout. 

5 beers and split a 2 item sampler and with tax and tip came out to $70.  That's a bit much for me.  

Tried the birsket and man was it dry and tough.  Also had the lamb and that could have been any meat it was so bland and tasteless.  Had to douse them in BBQ to get them down.  They don't serve their BBQ with fresh soft white bread as most BBQ joints do.  They went a different route and served dry and old bread.   This was disappointing. Tried their hot BBQ sauce and it had actually less heat than their Carolina BBQ sauce. 

Thanks sides we're good.  Potato salad and Mac and cheese were best thing on the plate.  

Overall there is better BBQ to be had in city (Mikes. Fette Sau.  Khyber). Beer list is extensive albeit costly. 

Might be a good idea to get a website too.
This place is insanely slow in service.  Was there for their Nye party and the food was cheap chicken fingers, fries, and Mac and cheese.  The open bar was also horrible because they only had one e bartender on the first floor and one on the second floor.  This limited the drinks a lot and it was like an hour between drinks.  So the five hour open bar resulted in only 4 drinks total.  They also lost our ID and credit card as well.  So overall, horrible experience from beginning to end.  Management and waiters were also rude and spend more time running away from us than serving us.
Went with a group of friends the other night. The food and service was excellent and I will most likely return. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because a small glass of Diet Coke is $3 and there are no free refills. I can't think of many places in the city that don't offer free refills.
New venue which opened few weeks ago. I remembered it being some kind of salad place and didn't like it than cause it was pricey for no reason. Completely remodeled this place looks great. Main floor has tons of bar seats and tables for 2 and 4. Upstairs there is also a bar and that area can be reserved for special events and there is another bar in the basement. I can see how packed this place will be during football season. Plenty of beers on tap from breweries all over the country. I didn't try their food yet and they will roll happy hour deals next week for the first time. I hope they are decent.
Do not come here for big events/new years eve. Understaffed, seriously upstairs only had one bartender. Super packed, oversold, bathroom situation was terrible and the list goes on. They lost our friend's ID and credit card and took them 30 min to finally admit it and apologize (after arguing. Wasted our time).
I made a Yelp account solely to warn others of this place. We came here for NYE and paid $330 for two people, which included open bar. After arriving well before 10PM, half of our party was told they had to pay a $30 per person cover charge on top of the money we already spent. They also required you to pay this in cash to the manager (big red flag). The event was so oversold and only had one exit which is clearly a fire hazard. There was 3 bartenders total and hundreds of people waiting for drinks, which resulted in waiting over 1 hour to make it to the front of the bar for one vodka club soda a person - since that was the ONLY drink they were serving all night. Management was so unhelpful/rude and after spending a half-hour going back and forth about a refund, she said it was the third party event vendor's fault they were so overpacked... which is a clear lie. Oh and also no coat check or anywhere for coats at an event that had at minimum 200 people. We left before 12AM and I'm now fighting to have my card refunded. But if you like watered down drinks, management that pockets your money and fearing for your safety while running the risk of someone stealing your winter jacket at a venue that tries way too hard to be NYC, then definitely give this place a try!
Awesome place to watch an Eagles game or enjoy a bite to eat with a group of friends. The Tradesman's somehow makes classic barbecue feel upscale and refined in a subtle way. 

The atmosphere is boisterous and fun, and the food is even better. We had the cheese plate to start. It featured 3 delicious cheeses, sour cherry jam, local honey, apples, crostinis, and pickled red onion. The pairings were delicious. 

We also ordered the ribs, pulled pork, Mac and cheese, and potato salad. The highlights were definitely the ribs and the Mac and cheese. The ribs were perfectly tender and fall-of-the-bone. I appreciate that they provide a basket of different sauces to put on the meat. The combination of the sweet sauce and the Carolina vinegar was killer on the ribs. The Mac and cheese is perfectly creamy. 

They have a pretty extensive draft list, with lots of happy hour specials. This is a great edition to the Philly food scene!
Party of 7, they didn't have most of the drinks or most of the menu items. They took 15 to take our drink orders. After 20 mins of waiting for our orders the waitress came to mention there was no brisket which 2 of us ordered. The drinks hardly had alcohol. Some people didn't think they were drinking what they ordered. Ultimate disappointment. Very unprofessional and unapologetic.
Me and my friends have been dying for some bbq.  We make a reservation for yesterday at 5 30. We are seated and as we look at the menu at the bottom they have combos that include sides. Since we want to try different items we try to order one of them. Our waitress tells us that those options are not available the kitchen isn't set up for this!. But we can order from the a la carte menu the same items on the combo menu! Which would be more expensive and just didn't make sense to us. We wait for our drinks to come which is taking a really long time because at this point the restuarant is not crowded. NOW I WILL GIVE PROPS WHERE DUE. Frank (who I assume is management, but never identified as such) come to the table and we ask about the combo in which he replies we can get it. He sends over another waitress to take our order. We try to order again but now they are out of some of the sides we try to order. We ask well what is available.. and her reply is don't kill the messenger!!!! I sorry WHAT??  Is this how you reply to customers asking reasonable questions?. We order sangria which finally come but it only half of a glass. At this point we have enough and ask to cancel our order and we will pay for our drinks! FRANK come back to the table and we explain all that transpired. He apologizes and drinks on him!. So Tradesman because of Frank we will come back and try again! But the rest of the staff needs some additional training and tighten up on them customer service skills!
Terrible experience. I came sober as the DD with some friends and they told me I was too drunk to get in. They then proceeded to tell my friend he was also too drunk as well. They then pinned him to the ground, while the manager watched and did nothing. DO NOT GO
Tables were sticky . Ordered Brussels sprouts they tasted like paper . Potato skins were so hard you couldn't even put your knife thru them . Nothing had flavor . We didn't even make an order for a regular entree because the appetizers were so bad . Our waitress was sweet the food. Absolutely not !
Food wasn't terrible (serving size vs cost is a bit out of wack but can be expected in this area.), bit dry. 

Service on the other hand... not so great. Party of 2. No utensils, no napkins. After we ordered, they brought out another table's order and took it back. Then, another server brought us the actual food. Still no utensils. Had to ask someone else since our server would disappear for 10 minutes at a time to hide in a corner near the bar. Also had to ask for the tray of sauces that come with the entrees. Never offered us refills on our drinks until we finished the meal. Maybe she was just new or inexperienced, but I was really wishing we got the other server instead.
Note that this review is for happy hour, which was quite a good deal. 

Nice spacious interior. A weirdly southern vibe for philly... the place was a bit too dark though. Several tables could be seen using their phone lights to read the menu which should have been a clue to the restaurant folk. the happy hour deals are good with two 3$ draft beers which were both good, and three hefty sized food options for 5$ each, and several other wine and cocktail options. Food wasn't so good that I would come back for regular meals I must say. 

They have an excellent beer selection which I feel like they don't make a big deal of. 

Good option for happy hour in center city especially since its super spacious inside but based off the quality of the food I probably wouldn't come back for more than just snacks and drinks.
So this place is exciting. I went here on a casual date for some wings and to just check out this new place. It was much bigger than I expected. It was pretty loud but the music was great. It is a very country music oriented place so if that's not your thing....*warning*. It's very much a bar so it's got huge TVs behind the actual bar and that lively downtown feeling. They have really good cider there (and my date apparently went back and said their whisky is pretty great as well). Our waiter was really good at picking out drinks for us. 

I'm really late on this review but I believe the wings were the maple bourbon wings. When I tell you they're DELICIOUS. lord. I have been thinking about these wings for weeks now. I need to go back
Soon for them. They were perfect. Whatever that sauce is needs to be bottled up and preserved forever. 

Like I mentioned my date has already gone back. It's just a matter of time before I'm back too.
First time at Trademans and it was a winner!

The food is phenomenally good. Burgers were spectacular yet simple. Fries were scrumptious. Nachos and Pulled Pork, my friends devoured, however I was unable to get a bite, but since they were devoured, I assumed they were good.

Great beer selection.

I think the service could be more attentive.
Poor service, cold food. Waitress was rude and messed up drinks, when the table tipped 15%  instead of 20% she complained to the table. I had no problem telling her why.
The food here is fantastic. We got pulled pork, brisket, sausage and lamb and every bite was amazing. They offer some sauces but the food was so good it does not need a drop of it. The spicy pickles were a real nice touch. The mac and cheese was really good as well. The corn bread was like corn bread pound cake - in a good way.

They were out of chicken so I will have to go back to get some of that. 

My only complaint is that the menu uses red ink and the restaurant is set to mood lighting so its not the best option for reading the items on the right with smaller text. And the beet carpaccio salad was good because the greens were so well dressed. The beets themselves seemed a little bland.

This is a really great place - perfect for larger groups. I would give them five stars but I want to go back and make sure it wasn't a fluke and they can keep it up.
Excellent wings! I'm gluten free so this was one of the choices and I loved every bite! Crispy and perfect finished wings with blue cheese sauce. 

Also had the Pennsylvanian flight of four ciders!! The one that's only made for them, Java's bourbon peach is amazing. 

The vibe was cool with country music and very rustic bar and really helpful barman!

Would definitely recommend this place!
My first experience at Tradesman's was awesome but the second go around left me feeling meh.  There is nothing like someone paying for your drinks and then getting charged the drinks that were purchased by someone else.  When I brought it to the attention of the bartender, instead of offering to fix it he tried to get my friend and I to buy more drinks so he wouldn't have to fix it.  Ummm sir... we are closing out the tab because we want to go home.  The manager did fix the issue but it is an issue that shouldn't have happened in the first place. If I ever go back, I will definitely be paying with cash.
I mean you can come here if you want a bunch of their staff to make you feel terrible about yourself for stopping by. The hostess' were extremely rude and degrading, might be a good spot but it's hard to say because the welcome was so poor we couldn't stand to stay. Good luck if you want  to risk it!
This review is strictly based on their drinks! Can't wait to try their food tho next time as the people next to me appeared to have enjoyed their food!

Atmosphere gives a southern country vibe. I could see people start line dancing if there was room for dancing haha. They have 2 levels, so lots of open space for seating. Anyways, my husband and I came mainly for a few drinks because we saw that they had a number of whiskeys. Unfortunately there was no room at the bar but we were seated right away. 

DRINKS
Our waitress didn't know too much about the whiskeys and had no real recommendations, except which ones were good local ones which is ok. They had options for a 1oz or a 2 oz pour. You also had the option to make the whiskey into a cocktail if you choose, such as a whiskey sour or old fashion. I can't remember the whiskey my husband ordered, but it was a honey type whiskey, one of the local ones and it was strong but smooth. Had good flavor to it. I opted to try one of their cocktails, Spruced Up i believe it was called. It was recommended by the server as it was light and more like champagne. My drink was just ok and because it had a sprig of rosemary in, tasted like I was drinking something with a tree in it lol. Also because the sprig took up half my champagne glass, i was drinking some of the sprigs haha. I probably won't order that again, but I still finished it.

FOOD
Unfortunately didn't get to try the food.. but the menu looked great if you're looking for a BBQ place. And the couple next to us polished up their plates and I overheard them saying that everything was really good! So definitely worth a trip back to try out!

Service 
Seated right away, even on a Saturday night! Service was great and our server was definitely available and checking back making sure we didn't need anything and that everything was good with us. Despite not knowing too much about the whiskeys, we didn't really mind since she's not a bartender... so No complaints! We will sit at the bar next time to get more recommendations on the whiskeys!

Overall, experience was great. Will definitely come back because the food looked good and I want to try out more of their drinks.
First time coming here and khole the bartender is such a sweetheart and super helpful. Enjoyed the happy hour a lot. Will be back
Made a reservation tonight (an Eagles game night) for 2 of us. We walk in, and as soon as I tell them my name, the hostesses completely unapologetically tell us that they do not have a table for us, because they are overbooked, as they're not supposed to make reservations for game nights, and there's several parties waiting ahead of us. As a hostess of several years, this is complete bullshit. If you're overbooked, call your customers and tell them. Or make it work. Don't make me come all the way to your restaurant to tell me you can't seat me. Can guarantee I'm never trying to book with them again! Thanks so much for your hospitality :)
Havnt tried the food here but it does look good. I came for a night out on a Friday night and they do charge a $5 cover. They play top 40 music and have two floors!
Just had a meal with friends at Tradesman.  For the money Mission BBQ is way better.  That said the food was ok.  However the bathrooms both upstairs and down smelled heavily of urine.  They are unisex but given there weren't more than 30 eating there, it should not have been an issue with keeping them clean.  If they aren't cleaning the bathroom what else isn't getting cleaned.   I did inform the bartender who was just standing there and he didnt even offer an apology just said ok. There are way better options to eat in the city so don't waste your money here
I'm here for the New Years party and music sucks and overpriced for $120 pp. will not be coming here to celebrate New Years again. Waiting in line to get a drink was a disaster, took an hour just to get a drink.
This place is mediocre the food and atmosphere is just meh, just okay-- my server was the only thing that made the experience okay. We ordered potato skins and a kale Caesar salad which were both awful, the potato skins were flavorless and dry, and the salad was too crunchy the kale was curly and hadn't even been massaged, way too sweet and the croutons tasted like a baked good like NASTY. The onion dip or ring air something was just meh. We didn't want to order any more food after that but a couple people in our party had barbecue and said it was just OK, & ITS A SHAME too bc no one is doing good bbq in the city ever since Percy St closed, (though there is a spot or in Delco that's dec) decent and a lot of us had us some scotch and a whiskeys they have a good selection. Maybe the kitchen menu needs a redo.

Anyway our server Carly was awesome though she was just down to earth and really real and genuine. She was fast, funny and just a solid server (I've waited tables years ago) and really working her ass off you could tell. Also FYI super deutschy and bimbo airhead crown and staff that inhabit this place and the acoustics make it god awful loud. And their staff is not properly trained or inexperienced, they'll walk in front of you and cut you off. Have you ever worked in a nice restaurant before or just a Hooters? Guests have the right of way. Ugh, tacky. But Carly rules tho so if you go ask the hostess for her.
Wish they had better service and weren't selective of who they wanted to serve. I would say that they were understaffed in my opinion. Only 2 bartenders behind bar on a Friday night.
I have never felt more welcomed by an employee. Manny is hands down the best bouncer I've ever come across. Not only does he make sure conflict doesn't turn into anything serious, he truly makes sure you are comfortable in the bar environment. He came over to check on us multiple times and made sure we were okay and that men didn't make us uncomfortable. I can't say enough good things about him. The bar is filled with youth after 9 which is okay and they play okay music but what will keeps me coming back is the devotion to the customers that manny had.
Me and my boyfriend decided we wanted to check this place out since we live right next door. It has been open now for 6 days so I thought they would kinda have their shit together, but I was deeply wrong. They don't have a happy hour which is strange and dumb. I rather go somewhere else then! The waitress kept saying "we haven't figure that out yet lol" ummm how hard is it to figure out. At the beginning our waitress was doing a great job checking up on us and we were able to order quickly. I ordered the zucchini sandwich, my BF got the brisket sandwich and we ordered a side of Mac n cheese to share. My sandwich was really good but the fries were really gross, no flavor and way over cooked. I would have rather had an option to have something else. Boyfriend liked his sandwich as well. The mac n cheese was terrible too. It again had no flavor at all, it just tasted like pasta with cream..it needs more cheese since we couldn't taste it at all. We had 4 other friends join us after we ate and this is when the waitress started to go south. She was literally missing for 20 minutes, when she finally came back we all ordered another round of beers  and she seemed surprised we were ALL ordering. UH you were gone forever?! That took ANOTHER 20+ minutes for our beers to come. WTF. She didn't even apologize. And she also forgot one persons drink which took another 10 minutes. We were all very annoyed and the people sitting next to us were waiting even longer and ended up just leaving. I know this is also on the bartender but I'm not sure how hard it is to pour beer or get cans out from the fridge. It wasn't like this place was mobbed at the bar. It seemed like there were only two bartenders, so maybe they should have more tending the bar especially the first week being open. Also want to mention this wasn't even a weekend either, it was a Wednesday night. After we finally got beers she was missing YET AGAIN (where the hell was she? We have no clue). We ended up wanting to leave since the service was awful, but since she was gone forever we had to keep asking other staff members if we could get our bill. It took a while but another girl finally brought it over. One of the worst experiences I've had at a center city restaurant. You would think they would know how to run a restaurant when the owner has multiple other restaurants around the city. I really wanted to love this place since I live next door and was super excited about it. But sadly I will never return!
I normally don't tend to leave bad reviews but feel compelled to.  The only thing saving this from a 1 Star review was the good vibe and draft list. Otherwise, from a food standpoint it was no bueno! Having lived in KC for awhile, I've learned what goodBBQ is. By no means do I compare other places to KC bbq, but bad quality is bad quality no matter what. There is no combination platter which is annoying especially with so many meat options. I ordered 2, 1/2 lb options of brisket and pulled pork with corn bread and Mac and cheese. The pulled pork was the only good thing to eat (besides the beer). The brisket while having a good taste was tough as leather making it difficult to eat. The Mac and cheese had no salt or seasoning of any kind and it was beyond bland.  The corn bread was tasteless and had almost a stale feel to them. I wondered if the chef even looked at/tasted the food before sending it out. Service was ok- but they really should work on having bags for leftover food, especially in a city where everyone is walking. I would consider coming back here to have a beer and watch a game but I can't see myself returning for food.
If you're looking to wait over an hour to get terrible service but decent food, this is your place. We put our name in to be seated and they said about 20 minutes. We checked in after about 30 minutes and they told us it would be another 30 minutes which was not awful because it was crowded. 
Most of the food was good. I had baby back ribs and the group had pulled pork, Mac and Cheese, greens, and shrimp. Everything was pretty good except the Mac and cheese had no cheese and flavor . We were also served very quickly which was a god send!
The issue with my experience and the reason for the 2 stars is our server Robin was just not at all nice. She seemed so irritated to serve us. She rarely checked on us and was just rude. I know nights are busy but you can't be so miserable while you wait tables.
10/10, definitely would recommend. BBQ was dope but not overexpensive, great beer selection, and awesome decor. downstairs has giant tv's to watch sports, and upstairs has a sweet balcony dance floor area. and straight up, no joke, last time i went out here there were actual Philadelphia Eagles there. this place is the bee's knees take it from me.
I don't usually give a low rating unless I am absolutely and totally disappointed. I came today for happy hour and decided to get one of the two Margaritas on the menu because apparently it is National Margaritas Day today! Anyway, I had the Sugar and Spice and I was honestly expecting atleast a sugar and spice rim on that glass - no, clean as a slate! This was the worst margarita I have ever had in my life. They also gave a free shot of the other margarita "Keep it classy" but it was worse than Sugar and Spice. I had to get the rosè instead because I was honestly scared of trying the other cocktails on the menu. 1 additional star half heartedly for the ambience.
Great food and happy hour specials.  We loved the vibe and the atmosphere. The sliders and chicken nachos were awesome. We will definitely be back!
I really wanted to like Tradesman's as it's a great space and has a fantastic atmosphere. I had been once before on their opening weekend for drinks and had a great time. However, I was really disappointed when I went back on a Thursday night for dinner/an Eagles game. I made reservations in advance so that we could enjoy dinner before the game. When we arrived, they said they could not honor my reservation because they had overbooked and there was no room. I've never heard of such a thing. No call in advance to let me know. Not even a "sorry" from the hostess. We decided to stay/stand by the bar and eventually got a table later in the evening. I would not recommend watching any game here. There are only a few TVs and giant columns blocking them from most views. While our server was fabulous and sweet (thank you Robin!), she was completely swamped as they were understaffed. The food was so-so. The beer was outrageously expensive. We ended up paying close to $400. I won't go back unless it's to drink and dance. Otherwise, it's just not worth the headache.
Has a frat party vibe and the music was blasting making it impossible to have any conversations. I  paid $11 for a vodka soda in a plastic cup. Not impressed.
Went to Tradesman's for wife's birthday dinner after the auto show. The food and beer was GOOD, services was OK, restrooms upstairs and downstairs were disgusting.
My sister and I stopped in for a few drinks a few weeks ago on a week night. There was tons of outdoor seating available so we went inside to speak with the hostess to see if we needed a reservation. She told us no reservation required and to grab any seat we wanted. We sat for over 20 minutes without even being acknowledged. Several waitresses passed us on multiple occasions, making eye contact and continuing on their way. The same hostess that told us to take a seat also looked directly at us and kept walking to a different table. We ended up leaving and spending a ton of money at a more accommodating bar.
This was seriously the worst food I've had in Philadelphia. I had the pirogies and brisket tacos and my bf had bratwurst sandwich. Both were absolutely horrible and I never have reviewed anything on yelp in my life
We didn't eat here, but the bar and beer selection and both great. You get a very relaxed crowd. Beers from all over. Draft, cans, and bottles are plentiful. Staff is friendly and they have a bar that allows for outside seating.
Horrible place. Attempted to go here on a Saturday night and was refused entry. When I asked why I  was told to "have a good night." I'm not sure what the security misjudged however I will never be  returning.
This place was crowded so, of course, I assumed they had good food. I never found out. The bartenders ignored me. They walked by, glanced and kept going. Even when they weren't busy and just standing around they didn't acknowledge me - menu in hand and looking around for help. So I left with no bourbon, no wings, no brisket chili, no cornbread, nada. Oh well, I hope others have a better experience.
We have much better options in the city as far as barbecue goes, but I have to admit the highlight of the meal for me was the crispy yet succulent (if not salty) lamb belly. A very innovative and interesting item, great for people who don't eat pork too. 

The extensive beer menu is great too. Lots of options.

Our server might have been more informed. The bread tasted a little stale. The sides were passable, but the mac 'n' cheese was barely tasteless. Pulled pork and brisket were done nicely, but not compared to their rivals (Sweet Lucy's and Percy St. come to mind). The sauces were nice, but we had trouble getting the mustard sauce out of the squeeze bottle.

This might be an odd complaint, but our servers were kind and warm, but wearing short shorts on a cold rainy spring day was a little unusual. But I don't prefer servers in costumes, it's a little diminishing of them and the place.
We came here to watch an Eagles game and had a great experience. No problem getting a table just a few minutes before kickoff. The pulled pork sandwich was excellent- juicy, tender and well cooked pork on a brioche bun. I would reccomend it. Good beer list.
went here with a group of friends tonight as it was recommended and when we were asking bartender about liquor they gave attitude and stated it was a whiskey only  bar. Once we asked for a whiskey and ginger the bartender rolled his eyes. We just ended up leaving bc how awful the service was when we just hAd sat down and asked a few queations. For a place that was recommended this was extremely disappointing. Will never return
TLDR: good food but variable service and staff aren't concerned about the mice

I've had very mixed experiences with this place. The food is good and they have a wide variety of beers but the service can be questionable.  Recently I went there on a date on a weeknight and it took the server a good 30 minutes to get our order of two flights of beer in- the food came before the beers and it wasn't even busy, there were max 3 other tables filled and two girls at the bar.

We also saw a mouse come out from the wall by the entrance and it kept running around the tables and then going back to hide. We told the servers about it and they were just like "what do you want us to do about it?" Um maybe alert your manager and put out some mouse traps??? Sorry but I don't really want to eat somewhere that  has mice and doesn't seem too concerned about it.
We had reservations for 9:30 on 4th of July 2021. We got there on time. We weren't really sat/greeted at our outdoor table for about 20 minutes. Our waitress was really nice though and helpful.

We ordered appetizers and drinks a little before before 10 pm. She came back to get our full order at 10:15 pm when she brought back our appetizers and drinks (which is an appropriate amount of time I feel). About 20 min later she returned stating the kitchen was closed and had closed at 10 Pm (even though they officially closed at 11 Pm) but no one told her before she placed the order. She tried VERY hard to negotiate with her manager and the kitchen but to no avail. We have no hard feelings toward her and still tipped her before we left, but however here are my concerns:

1). If Tradesman's knew they were closing the kitchen early of 4th of July, why would you still allow a 9:30 pm reservation?

2). Why didn't they inform us of that the kitchen was closing early at 10 pm as soon as we were sat and greeted?

3). Why did it take so long to be sat and greeted in the first place? We probably would have been able to make the cutoff time if we'd been taken care of earlier, because we were there at EXACTLY 9:30.

I will say that the manager did comp our entire order (including alcohol) and offered to make us some chicken fingers and fries which was accepted (because one of our friends had taken her mealtime insulin as soon as we arrived at 9:30 in anticipation of us eating and she began to get hypoglycemic before we left). But STILL--the whole situation made NO SENSE and left a bitter taste in our mouths...which is ironic because we didn't actually get to eat much food there!
Terrible bar bartender doesn't know how to make drinks bouncers are asshole fuck this bar
As good as the food looks, this was by far the worst southern style bbq that I've had. Maybe it's because I've had southern bbq in Nashville and Austin, but that's no excuse for dry ribs. The ribs were so salty that we couldn't even eat half of it without drinking 3 glasses of water. The brisket was dry too. Neither meats were juicy and tender. The cornbread was also extremely dry. 

The service was confusing. They gave us happy hour menus on a Saturday morning, which did not offer happy hour prices. Then we had 3 waitresses greet us at the table, but eventually ended up with 1 waitress. She couldn't recommend any of the meat selections because she said she hasn't tried any. 

At least the interior is cute... and they offer many kinds of beers on tap. They also have a large local selection of whiskey (and I support and love local liquor/brews)
The drinks were on point and the food was delicious. I got the pulled pork sandwich with the pulled pork nachos. I highly recommend this place!
Came here for brunch and this is a solid spot. I had the Breakfast burger with tots and my fiancé had the Smokehouse. 

The Breakfast Burger was amazing, there is an in-house sauce on it, and it is on an English muffin! I tried some of the smoke house and I enjoyed It. I didn't think I would like the barbecue sauce so close to the grits, but it tasted good to me. My fiancé decided to get the cheese on the side by the way.

This spot definitely should be at the top of your list if you had a wild night and you are hungover. This is definitely a prime spot for hangover eats in my opinion.


They offer Brumosas here too.(orange juice, champagne, and allagash white)
Love the set-up of this place

Happened to be walking by looking for a place to have lunch and had decent drinks. 

Well they had a nice assortment of beers which you're able to get at 4oz and even make a flight out of a few. 
The aroma coming from this place had my mouth watering and praying that it was worth it. And it was...I wasn't disappointed at all. 
We ordered the Wings which were cooked perfectly and had enough sauce on the wings. As my main meal I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich and really enjoyed it. There were 4 homemade sauces on the table that I was able to add to my sandwich. I switched out the regular fries for the sweet potato fries and was glad I did. The waitress even had our meal separated for us since we were sharing a meal. 

There were several TV's behind the bar with several different games on. 

Our server was attentive and helpful with my beer selections and the restaurants favorites. 

I will defiantly be returning!!!
This is a great spot to go on a Saturday / Sunday game day.

The food is pretty good for a place I'd classify as a sports bar and the clientele is young and energetic (great spot for millennials in center city).

I took off three stars for the service. At the bar it's been fine, but I find the hostesses/servers to be a little rude and full of attitude. We even had a server make a snarky comment about the beer my friends and I chose to order (it didn't particularly phase us & has become a running joke with us now, however I could see it being a big turn off to a lot of clientele). Also the bar area itself is a little cramped, I'd love to see that widened up to enhance the social vibe!
