I can't tell you how happy I am to finally have a great Italian restaurant in the neighborhood! While I loved Fitler Dining Room, it was more of a once in a while restaurant for us. I can see Trattoria Carina popping up on the rotation far more often. 

The restaurant was buzzing on Saturday night - we lucked into one of the last open tables outside and it wasn't long before people were placed on a wait. At this time, reservations are not accepted. I kind of like it - there aren't many places that offer first come first served, so Carina is perfect for a night when you didn't plan ahead but still want a nice dinner.

There is a short list of cocktails and also red, white, rosé and sparkling wine, which you can get by the glass or bottle. The menu is broken into starters, salads, pastas, mains and sides. We wanted to try a little of everything so we ordered the meatballs, pumpkin salad, tagliatelle with bolognese, shells with crab, branzino and broccoli. 

I thought all of the food was nicely prepared and presented and tasted great. I love a good plate of pasta and neither of our pasta dishes let me down. The shells may have won out by a small margin - the tomato sauce was just spicy enough and I loved the toasted breadcrumbs for some texture. The branzino was perfectly cooked and I really enjoyed the citrusy tomato salad underneath. Also, those meatballs! If Carina ever opens for lunch, I really hope they put a meatball sandwich on the menu. 

I'm looking forward to many more meals at this neighborhood gem!
Trattoria Carina blew me away.

From the attentive service to the incredible pasta to the BYOB option-- this dining experience was really top-notch. I'm not in Philly often enough to try the same restaurant twice, but I have a feeling I might have to make an exception for Trattoria Carina.

We started out with a variety of small plates -- meatballs, ricotta mushroom bruschetta, burrata topped with pistachio and prosciutto / sopersatta. Everything was standout but the meatballs definitely stole the show. If you are just going to order one app that would be my suggestion. 

Most of the main entrees are pasta, and with so many delicious options it's really hard to want anything else. My friend who has tried many items off the menu suggested going with the bolognese for my first time. She was absolutely spot on. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, came topped with the most flavorful meat sauce and had so much fresh parm. I tried some of my husband's chicken parm and that was also delicious. It was literally the size of an entire plate.

Did we over order? Yes. 
Was it worth it? Yes. 
Would I come here again? Heck yes.

A nod to getting old - I'd rather stuff my face in a plate of pasta over going into a bar on St. Patties day. But you know what? If I can do it at Trattoria Carina I don't mind.
This year's birthday dinner took place at Trattoria Carina and it was absolutely spectacular! We arrived pretty early, I'd say by 6pm, and we snagged one of the last open tables. For the rest of the night, they were on a solid 30-45 minute wait. So do try to get there early, or else just put your name on the list, grab a cocktail to go and wait it out. 

We started with a bottle of white and some of the housemade sourdough focaccia, which was addictive! We ordered the meatballs, which we've had many times before, plus the prosciutto and melon. I loved that the melon was sliced into thin ribbons, just like the prosciutto. This was a great summer starter! 

For our mains, we kept it pretty simple and went with the cacio e pepe and spicy crab arrabbiata, plus a side of broccoli rabe. However, the kitchen had other plans and sent out several more dishes for us to try, which was extremely generous and provided for ample leftovers. The pastas we ordered were fantastic but I was really happy to try the orecchiette with sausage, which I will definitely get on my next visit. Absolutely delish! 

We also tried a couple dishes recently added or soon to be added to the menu. Then we finished our night with delicious warm donuts filled with cream and a perfectly made negroni. 

If it's been a while since your last visit to Trattoria Carina, you're going to want to get back there ASAP. The restaurant is firing on all cylinders and they are turning out some really incredible and elevated Italian cuisine! Also, shout out to our server, Hope, who was awesome!
(to the tune of "Gorgeous" by Taylor Swift)

You should take it as a compliment
That I'm known for not loving Italian rest'rants
But I couldn't leave the neighborhood without
Visiting it's newest, adorable haunt

You could bring your mother, or even your bae
Whoever you bring, this place will brighten your day
The joint's so cool, it's sure to blow you away (blow you away)

cocktails on ice, few wines, they're nice
Will improve your night, just wait in that line

You're delicious
You make me want to stuff my face
I just love this place
And I'm so furious
That I'm just now moving further away
But what can I say
Delicious...

On a crisp Monday night, I went to celebrate some good news with my partner. We abstained from the adult beverages, opting to fill our stomachs with all the goodies they offered (minus the pasta, this time.) They bring you some DIVINE bread & olive oil (butter on request) after you order. After what felt like no time, the dishes were upon us.

Lobster soup - HOLY MOLY this meaty, warm bowl of heaven... There was SO much lobster meat in there, it could've been a meal. But we had just begun. Pumpkin & farro salad - came recommended, and with good reason. Grilled pumpkin, surprising and delicious, with a dressing that was refreshing without being too heavy. Three meatballs COVERED in a dusting of shaved ricotta. These meatballs were nice a big, a little tightly packed, but still tasty with the abundance of sauce. We also ordered a side of brussels sprouts, a special of the night, with capers, salsa verde, and MORE shaved ricotta - a real delight.

Finally, our entree - a special of the night, the braised beef shoulder over creamy polenta and broccoli rabe. Confession - the broccoli rabe was the only thing the servers brought that didn't rock my world. It tasted almost chemical-ish, like it was cooked under butane or something. HOWEVER I just pushed it aside, and focused on the velvet beef shoulder, which fell apart when you looked at it, and the polenta, which soaked up all the juices like the tastiest sponge. 

The servers were incredibly attentive and worked together seamlessly, without hovering. The pace was timed perfectly, and the whole experience was simply executed expertly. 

This is worth the trip, no matter what neighborhood you live.
This restaurant is AMAZING. We came here with a few friends on a Saturday evening. I'll start by saying the whole experience was amazing: the food, the service, the vibes. It was all there.

This place makes their own pasta by hand and you can tell. It's toothsome and delicious. Every dish that we got here was a hit. For apps, we ordered the whipped ricotta, burrata, polenta, and meatballs. All amazing. I ordered the cacio e Pepe for dinner. It was SO GOOD. I'm still thinking about it. 

The service was also great. Our server was Eden, and she was amazing. Super sweet and helpful. Even though dining out in the COVID era can be interesting, they also have a lot of space heaters around the tables outside so you don't get too cold. 

I will definitely be back!
Extremely rude male host/manager who made us feel very unwelcome.  Food and space were nice but will never go back because of him.  These days service is just as important as food.  

We were a party of 6 which wanted to try the restaurant on Friday night. We walked in to put our names in around 815pm and they told us that realistically with the kitchen closing at 10 they could not seat us. We left our information anyway. We were on our way to another restaurant when they called us at 915 saying they could seat us if we wanted at 930. Since we were very excited to try this new place we rearranged our plans and then called them back to let them know we could make the reservation. 

When we got there we were missing 1 of the 6 people who had just run home to drop off a bag.  We understood that the policy was to have everyone there to be seated but it was also 930pm and we were going to be the last table sitting there.  We explained this to one person at the door stating that we were missing 1 person but we did not need to wait for them to order and that they were just a few mins behind.   We were cold and hungry and ready to sit down.  It seemed like they would let us sit down. 

This is when the tall man with the beard came over and told us that we absolutely could not sit down that policy was policy because if someone else walked in with a full party they would give away our table. What???  His demeanor was extremely unfriendly and his policy and reasoning for the policy absurd.  When we tried to reason with him he said - 'we can do this all night, you're not sitting until complete. '  

We were actually debating leaving because we felt so unwelcome.  The last person then arrived (within 5 mins as we had told him) and due to the late hour we decided to stay.

Then when we sat down someone asked for bread as we were reviewing the menus and the response was 'you'll get bread once you order'.  Did he think we were going to eat the bread and leave without ordering food? 

I understand that restaurants have policies in place for a reason but there should also be some common sense and courtesy applied to the situation which in this case was not done.  The venue and food was good but none of us plan on ever returning as the whole experience was extremely negative and unwelcoming.
Trattoria Carina is a tiny little Italian BYOB that also features cocktails, beer, and a wine list of their own. Many friends have raved about how amazing this place is, so for a special occasion my boyfriend and I decided it was time to give it a try! We brought a bottle of our own wine, and also decided to try some of their cocktails, too, for the full experience.

Our meal started with the Meatballs, more specifically a place with two gigantic meatballs and a generous dollop of ricotta cheese. As an Italian person myself, I'm hesitant to order meatballs while out to dinner. These were fine, lots of garlic and a pretty decent gravy. My favorite aspect of this dish was the ricotta. 

For our main dishes, I had the Cacio e Pepe and my boyfriend had the Spicy Crab. Both of our pasta dishes were delicious. Though the price point was on the higher side in my opinion for an average portioned pasta dish. I think the best portion for price is the Chicken Parm. We saw another guest order this and when it came out, it looked to be big enough to serve two people and leave left overs.

We ended our meal with a round of drinks. I tried the Carina Sangria, a red sangria with berries. My boyfriend had the Negroni. Both very standard drinks that tasted great. My only complaint is that the berries were very mushy at the bottom of my glass and did not taste great when they came up through the straw. I had to made a conscious effort to avoid getting any berry remnants in my straw. 

Overall, this meal was nice and our server was attentive. I think it's overpriced for what you get. I didn't feel that this was the best Italian meal I've had in the city, but I can see the charming appeal of Trattoria Carina that makes it a popular spot.
Yes! Finally a yummy Italian restaurant that is in my neighborhood! Having recently been to some meh Italian places and my favorites being in old city area, its nice to have finally found one in Fitler square. Carina is right in the corner of 22 & Spruce. While there can be a decent amount of traffic movement during the work week, going to dinner here on a Sunday night and sitting outside was very peaceful with little street noise. The atmosphere of the restaurant is relaxing - with only 32 seats, its on the smaller side, which means you will get plenty of attention from servers. The menu is small, but not in a bad way. They make the pasta here daily and have really fresh ingredients. Also to note, all tables get a small bread bowl after ordering (2-3 pieces). For apps, we had the meatballs which were very yummy and filling. If you want to see size, I added a picture. For entree, I had a spaghetti & clam dish which was delicious and not dry (some homemade pastas can be!) so I was very pleased with my order. And for dessert, I had the chocolate tarte. It was yummy but not amazing. If I had to go again, I would try another app and just skip dessert! The food here was both scrumptious and filling. I may or may not have a food baby from this dinner. I am looking forward to my next visit to Carina's & trying more items from the menu!! 

Tips - BYO! Def bring a bottle of wine. Check the website if you are one to look at menus before hand - even if you've been here before, note that the menu rotates seasonally so could be potentially different than your last visit. & I vote on splurging on apps here and skipping dessert!
As an avid Diving Horse and P&K fan, this place is very disappointing. When it was Fitler Dining Room, the food was welcoming and fresh and the service was great. Now, the hostess is extremely rude, the wait staff is unaccommodating, and the food is sub-par. We have given it a few try's, but sadly won't be going back.
From the folks that brought you the acclaimed Pub & Kitchen, Trattoria Carina is a casual Italian gem found in the Fitler Square-Rittenhouse area. And it may be our new go-to spot, right on the corner of 22nd and Spruce. This "Little Darling" has a small menu, but it's big on flavor and execution, all under the execution of Chef Melissa McGrath. And recently, Trattoria Carina has expanded to include brunch on the weekends! 

To start our day, the GF and I enjoyed a citrusy-bitter Aperol Spritz and a sweet-and-spicy Bloody Mary, complete with a solid antipasti skewer! And including its bar program, Trattoria Carina is reportedly BYO (no corkage!). 

Gold Rush Apple Cake [$6]

The apple cake is a must. Moist, soft, and buttery within, the grilled exterior helped to provide a nicely crisp textural contrast. Perfect to drape with some of that salted butter. 

Warm Castle Valley Polenta [$9]
Honey mascarpone, walnut granola, Concord grape

A unique take on typically savory polenta, we enjoyed the sweet acidity afforded by the Concord grape jam. Studded with plenty of the walnut granola and a bit of the honey mascarpone, this is a nice reprieve from any savory items you might order during brunch! 

Bucatini Carbonara [$23]
Bacon, Parmesan 

Savory, you say? How do you come to Trattoria Carina and not order the carbonara? Thick bucatini noodles are appropriately coated in egg yolk, plenty of Parm, and with a nice hit of black pepper. Interspersed throughout are salty nuggets of slab bacon. No need for any heavy cream here, folks. Trattoria Carina is doing it right.

Baked Eggs All'Amatriciana [$14]
Guanciale, Parmesan, Lost Bread Co. focaccia 

The smell emanating from this dish almost made me put my camera away. Almost. But as the GF likes to joke, the camera eats first. In a spiced up take on shakshuka, the savoriness of the "gravy" was perfect to dip the Lost Bread co. focaccia in. And as my fellow Master of None fans might say, "it's all bout that guanciale." The salty, fatty hits of the cured meat really made each bite. If only I could have had more bread (not that I asked!). 

So if you're looking for a new spot to hit up for brunch, please check out Trattoria Carina. Along with the delicious dishes, you'll get great service. In fact, ask for Bill if he's available. I know I'll be back soon for dinner! The angry crab pasta Craig LaBan raved about it is already calling my name.
Beautiful BYO restaurant with fabulous service.

My boyfriend is not typically an italian restaurant person because it typically doesn't fill him up but this restaurant he went away feeling full.

Together we got the meatballs, bolognese, chicken parmesan and tiramisu cake - and we brought out bottle of wine to enjoy! 

The meatball was juicy, tender and topped with parmesan. It came with bread that was fresh that I even asked for extra. Chicken parmesan was baked to perfection and wasn't thin. It was full of flavor and the noodles that came with were delicious. I wish there was a little more! Bolognese was good, nothing crazy. Honestly hoping to go back and try the cacio e pepe. Tiramisu was the best one we've had yet.

Come back, go for date night or when your family comes to town to visit!
I've been to Trattoria Carina twice now, once when it was first trying out a small menu, and again now that it uses its full menu. Both times the food was excellent. The first time I was there, I sat outside and enjoyed a nice evening and long conversation with a friend. Tonight, however, I sat inside with a friend and after having been there for 1 hour and 15 minutes and ordering two appetizers and two entrees we were promptly asked by our server to leave to free up the table. I thought this was quite rude. The restaurant does not take reservations because it wants to have a relaxed neighborhood feel, but it does not feel very neighborly or relaxed to kick your customer out after an hour and fifteen minutes. Perhaps it would be better to take reservations and not rush their guests.
My S.O. and I went to Carina for dinner on a Sunday, early enough that we didn't have to make reservations. Note that while they serve their own drink list, they don't charge a corkage fee if you want to byo.

We sampled a few starters and an entree. I always like to save the best bite for last, so that'll be the flow for this food review as well!  

Dishes that were meh:
- grilled octopus appetizer. This was probably my least favorite. It was tender but unfortunately over-charred, so much so that it was hard to taste beyond that metallic bitterness. The melons and vinaigrette did little to help. 
- summer squash and beans. This was beautiful to look at but really bland. Some acid or a crispy element would have helped to brighten it up.

Here's what I was would definitely go back for: 
- meatballs, which came with fresh and creamy ricotta. Super moist and flavorful.
- spicy crab arrabbiato with pasta shells. Hands down, our favorite. This was the dish that swayed my review from a three to a four. It had a bit of a spicy kick, but not at all overpowering. Every bite was packed with a savory, briny, tomatoe-y punch. How good was it, you ask? It was so good that we sheepishly asked for more bread just to soak up the sauce on the bottom of the plate.
Great hidden gem in filter square/Rittenhouse. Went for restaurant week lunch and it was delicious! The Caesar salad was plentiful and the croutons were delicious. The bucatini Carbonara was heavenly! The service was wonderful. Only complaint is the place is loud. Will come back though!
Such a lovely restaurant- inside and out. Great staff/service - our waiter took a lot of time to help us select the right wine and even offered to bring us a taste of three different reds.

I had the Carina Chopped Salad and the Tagliatelle Bolognese. There were no remnants left behind. Just really simple, good food.

Highly recommend for a cozy date or catch-up
This place is so good. My friend and I came here on a Saturday night for an early dinner. We didn't have a reservation but got lucky and got a table despite the fact. 

First of all, the atmosphere here is very warm and welcoming. It feels like a homey kitchen. They also have al fresco seating with heat lamps, and the flowers in the flower boxes are so beautiful. 

Second, the food is amazing. We got two appetizers - an Italian salad which was good and a panzanella salad which was SO good. It was perfectly toasted bread with arugula, roasted squash and slightly melted burrata cheese. For the main course we got cacio y Pepe pasta (amazing) and the chef special which was an amazing halibut in the most delicious autumnal sauce over potatoes. We also split the tiramisu which was one of the best tiramisus I've ever had. 

The service was great. Our waitress was Brittany and she was lovely- very friendly and had great recommendations. We also received complimentary aperitifs which were a nice unexpected treat!
Superb service and divine food. Really, the food was exceptional. Like in Italy, my dishes had only a few ingredients that were prepared to showcase their natural flavors. I appreciated the fresh ingredients and extensive charcuterie options. The wine list is a bit limited in scope and flavor profiles, but you can always bring your own favorite bottle to pair with dinner. The menu doesn't follow traditional trattoria-style categories (pasta, entree, etc.) but the offerings are nonetheless dynamic and thoughtfully married.

I'd love to see an espresso machine. The coffee was divine, but Italians take their coffee espresso-style following a meal.
When I saw that Fitler Dining Room had closed, I was quite upset - it had become one of my go to place to show people what new American cuisine in Philly was like, to go on a date night, or just to enjoy a night sitting at the counter and watch the expert staff assemble delicious food and enjoy my own. Trattoria Carina is the next evolution in this spot. The location and staff are the same for the most part, but they blew up the menu and started from scratch and totally redecorated the interior. 

Carina seems to be trying to fly under the radar while they discover their new identity, they have no online presence, and seem to be operating as a walk-in discovery to whomever decides to venture in, and I am so glad I did. My partner and I sat outside, and pondered the menu for a while before deciding on ordering the some wine and grilled broccoli (normally a side for an entree) to start. The broccoli was perfectly grilled and had delicious cheese and breadcrumbs sprinkled throughout, and was a perfect start to the meal. Carina doesn't yet have a wine list, and they have a simple listing of white, rose, and red wines available. We tried the red and rose, and were very happy with what they provided.

For entrees we ordered two pasta dishes. The Shells Granchio Arrabbiato (or spicy crab) was delicious, the sauce had just a little punch to it, and there was not much in the way of crab (it was mostly small pieces sprinkled throughout). What we discovered then is that Carina is looking to really drill down and emphasize their speciality - home made pasta. The sauce and other ingredients are there to lift up and emphasize the pasta. While amazing, I normally would look for a little more when ordering a $20+ plate of food than just pasta, sauce, and a little protein, but whoa was it delicious. 

The Gemelli Genovese was likewise very tasty. Whoever makes Carina's pesto sauce should be kissed. This dish likewise was light on other ingredients, with very thinly shaved pieces of cauliflower layered throughout. Again, I would normally look for more to a dish like this, but what they brought was a treat for the mouth. 

For dessert we got hazelnut gelato, which was also very delicious - though it was served with a somewhat strange pretzel cookie, which seemed to serve as a palette cleanser, but didn't really seem to go with the gelato. I ordered a flourless chocolate cake which was sprinkled with confectionery sugar and which was perfectly moist throughout and had an explosion of pure chocolate flavor. My partner thought it could use some fruit to go with it (raspberry maybe) but I was fine with it just the way it was. 

Service was also fantastic - Bruce was constantly buzzing by our table, answering questions and giving us tips. If you go make sure to give your feedback to the staff, as they are definitely looking to refine, revise, and evolve this place into a neighborhood spot that will last, and I hope it does. 

We'll be back. Soon.
We had a really enjoyable experience here. I appreciated that the restaurant was both BYOB with no corkage fee and had a full bar. Honestly this is what every restaurant should be. The service was excellent, quick and efficient. The manager that evening was extremely friendly, gave us a nice lesson on the Italian aperitif Averna and even comped dessert. On to the food:

-the meatball appetizer was a real star of the show, huge portion for two meatballs and perfectly seasoned and sauced.
- Arugula salad was light and refreshing. Great use of lemon and restrained cheese. 
-Gemeli rocked, absolutely wonderful. Excellent nutty and lemony pesto. I exclaimed with joy eating this. 
-Monkfish special was really well done and the bread that came with this item was stellar- not sure what they did do it? Deep fried it in butter? It was great.
-Olive oil cake was warm, crispy and subtly flavored in ways that really made it worthwhile.

Overall a great experience and will return.
Trattoria Carina is a neighborhood gem. They offer sidewalk dining for up to 6 guests/table. Tables spaced ~3 feet apart with heaters at each table. Don't miss the Spicy Sausage Rigatoni! Also the staff is incredibly kind. I love chatting with my servers there!

In an effort to call attention to COVID-safe outdoor dining done well and support local businesses, I have started an Instagram account @PhillyCovidDiningGuide showing the outdoor set ups! Check out my post on Trattoria Carina and others here https://www.instagram.com/phillycoviddiningguide/
Awesome spot, the service is very friendly and prompt. We came for brunch and overall it was a really great experience. Everything was cooked perfectly and super flavorful. They had outside seating next to heaters and it was pretty comfortable. The time that we went, they had a steak and eggs special and it was super delicious.
Sweet spot for northern Italian food. Darling sidewalk dining and great selection of pasta and fish. The menu is on the small side but offers very distinct flavorful dishes. I had the special...ziti with sausage and the flavor was spectacular. My daughter ordered the shells grandiose arrabiato. It was delicious...full of flavor. We had the olive oil cake for the ending.. complete with lemon curd. So good. Our server was sweet, knowledgeable and attentive. They have a selection of cocktails and wine but will honor the bottle that you bring from home as well. It's a great place!
Sad, because we loved Fitler Dining Room so much. Used to frequent FDR once a week. Now, prices are higher, portions are smaller, menu is less creative. BYOB status is a definite plus. However, slightly disappointed with the new direction. Gotta be honest, still can't rate it any lower than a 4, since the quality of pasta is still amazing.
Loved and will absolutely return. We went to dinner on a Friday night and made reservations in advance. The food and service was top notch! I appreciated the offer to hang our coats given the restaurant is intimate. It was a nice customer service touch right in the door. 

We brought a bottle of our favorite Chardonnay. I love a BYOB that is a true BYOB (read as: no corkage fee). We received water and our bottle was opened promptly as soon once we got settled. 

My boyfriend and I split the arugula salad. It was good. Light with a lemon punch. It was more than enough to share between two people. I ordered the Gemelli. I have a thing for pesto and this didn't disappoint. The Meyers lemon balanced the pistachio pesto. My boyfriend ordered the chicken Parmesan. It was a good portion sized with fresh ziti underneath. He is a man of few words but provided "GREAT!" when I asked for his thoughts. We had the broccoli rabe side and I could have two more bowls of it. If you like garlic, this is a much order. 

We skipped dessert this time as we were very full. But already have our plan to make sure we have dessert space next visit.

The service was very good. Our waitress was personable and attentive without being pushy or overbearing. All of the staff was friendly and welcoming. I felt like I was dining in their family home. I highly recommend visiting. You will not be disappointed!
Beautiful, clean and bright corner space with some people doing great things behind the kitchen counter.  Grab a seat at the kitchen bar and watch the great stuff happen, all while chatting up the 3 person team making it happen.

Starting with the octopus, I was introduced to perhaps the mkost tender tentacle ever.  I was very surprised to find it had a 90 minute config before going on the grill.  It's a must do starter, and you'll want to tell others to keep their forks away.

The branzino was great over a slightly citrusy pile of fregola with vegetables.  Tasting like it had been done in a stock, it was a great accompaniment to the fish, itself topped with a vibrant small salad. The only issue: the fish had rested a bit too long for me. I would have liked it hotter (it was still warm) because the flavors would have popped more with the heat.  Small quibble.

Ending with a flourless chocolate cake I felt surprisingly full.  

Great service, nice people. A definite come back.
This is such a little hidden treasure in Philly. My family was visiting but my grandmother can't walk too far so we settled for this place. Little did we know it was AMAZING. Everything we had was delicious! I had the crab arrabbiata, which I did not even consider but the waitress highly recommended. It was incredible and the entire table agreed. The homemade meatballs and mushroom ricotta toast are to die for! Most importantly, the butterscotch pudding was probably my favorite dessert I've ever had. 
Very reasonably priced for the amazing food!
After seeing the great reviews, my friends and I were so excited to try this new Italian neighborhood restaurant! Because they don't take reservations and are such a small, intimate place, it took us a few tries to get in without a several hour wait. Because it's so small, the only option is to wait outside, which is not my first choice in the winter in Philly! 

The restaurant itself is adorable. Very intimate and nicely decorated with a small bar and open kitchen. The service is courteous and efficient, they have to be in such a small, busy space.  

They have a small drink menu with a single beer, white, and red wine option each and a few cocktails, but are also a BYOB. I would probably prefer to BYO on a future visit. The menu is small with interesting twists on traditional Italian dishes. On the weeknight we visited, they also had several innovative specials. A friend and I each tried a special dish. I had a pasta dish with a pork ragu that was unbelievably delicious. The slow cooked pork was incredibly flavorful and the cheese in the dish was high quality. The other special was a 'Philly hoagie' style pasta dish which was also excellent. The portions were average, but the food was so rich neither of us was able to finish our dish. 

I was also impressed with how the servers handled an allergy in our party - asking questions to ensure the dish was made safely for the person.

Overall, I didn't love the limited drink menu or the long wait in the cold, but I loved the atmosphere and food and would return with small group and my own bottle of wine!
TL;DR - Our meal and service were adequate, but would not recommend considering the abundance of quality Italian BYO restaurants in the city.

We attended Trattoria Carina on a Monday night with a group of seven for the Restaurant Week menu. Having experienced Restaurant Week menus from dozens of restaurants in the city, I generally try to set my expectations on the lower side and hope to be pleasantly surprised.

Planning for a party of seven was a bit challenging in that the restaurant does not offer reservations and will only allow the party to be seated once all guests have arrived. There is virtually no space to wait, and standing in the way waiting for the rest of the party to arrive (all the while staring at empty tables) was not ideal. Given that this is a new restaurant, I understand that there are some areas that they will have to work on. I also understand seven is a tough number to work with. I would suggest allowing guests to place their name and number before the entire party is there, or maybe partnering with a local bar to allow guests to grab a drink while they wait.

We eventually sat down at the empty table we were waiting next to the whole time, and we received slices of focaccia bread with whipped ricotta and honey as our first course. The bread was flavorful and the ricotta was rich and creamy. My only critique would be that the honey was a bit overpowering making the dish too sweet, and I would prefer an "amuse-bouche" that is a bit more creative and palate cleansing.

For our second course, my wife ordered the seafood salad and I ordered the meatballs. The salad was delicious and properly portioned with large pieces of mussels, calamari, and shrimp. The meatballs were overly seasoned and unfortunately quite disappointing. While the texture of the meatball was tender and the sauce well complimented by ricotta, it was difficult to taste anything beyond the overwhelming level of salt.

For our main course, my wife and I both ordered the shells with spicy crab. The waitress highlighted that all of the pasta dishes featured freshly made pasta, which was a bit odd as I assume any Italian restaurant at this price point would be making their own pasta. That being said, the pasta we received was overcooked, mushy, and only about 70% of the shells were fully intact. There were no chunks of crabmeat, rather the crab essentially disintegrated into the sauce. Most importantly, the flavor was once again masked by an overabundance of salt.

We ordered both the apple cake and chocolate tarte for desert. Looking around the room, the portion sizes were inconsistent and presentation lackluster. Regardless, both deserts were quite good, although the chocolate cake was a bit too dry and easily crumbled.

Overall, our experience was fine, but unremarkable. There are so many great Italian BYO restaurants in the city, some within walking distance to Carina. What stood out most for me was the excess salt in their food. I also think back on the disappointing texture of the pasta, a fundamental flaw for an Italian restaurant. The timing of our courses was faster than expected, so maybe taking a bit more time to focus on each dish could do them well. For these reasons, it is unlikely that I will return.
Thank you to the management for reinventing as such a great, neighborhood appropriate restaurant. Family friendly while maintaining excellent quality and flavors. Nice selection of wine, but allows BYOB. Staff are super, and the space is beautiful. Value for the reasonable price. I almost want to keep you my little secret, but know it won't be long before word gets out. Looking forward to many delicious meals with you.
Food was good but portions are small. Seems like they are still trying to get themselves up and running since service was lackluster. We probably won't come back given how many other options there are in the city, but it was worth a try.
Echoing a few recent reviews, I was disappointed by my time at Carina last night. Took a long time to be seated despite several open tables and a reservation. Then they tried to seat us inside despite us reserving an outside spot (although they did let us sit outside after asking!). 

They started the night off with the bread and olive oil--bread was stale and dry. For mains, we got the chicken parm and gemelli pesto. The gemelli was good, the only dish that was worth the experience! The chicken was very dry in the chicken parm, and the pasta on the side was completely flavorless. 

All in all, food was okay at best and we felt for the price and the reputation, it should've been better!

Service was great--our waitress was very nice and attentive. And the seating with outdoor heat lamps was also cute. 

Food was a real miss, and that seems to be a pattern in recent reviews.
Exceptional service. Simple ingredients but packed full of flavors.
Currently they are not taking reservations and it is first come first serve for outside tables during COVID. Our wait was longer than expected but it was made up by the exceptional service by our server, who was also the manager. She made the night spectacular. They gave us complimentary bread with a Parmesan broth. I wasn't a fan of the broth. However you can opt for olive oil. The bread was delicious with the oil. We got the antipasto platter with fried provolone, and additional complimentary items. I enjoyed the flavors of every single dish. We also got the grilled octopus which was cooked perfectly.

For entrees, we got the gemelli, cacio e pepe, caramelle and the special entree which was chicken Alfredo with shell pasta. I thought the stars of the meal were the gemelli and cacio. I generally love meat in my pastas but I was not missing them one bit with these dishes. The pesto and pistachios in the gemelli had the perfect amount of punch and flavor without being overwhelming which can be tricky with pesto. I loved the noodles as well. It was delicious! I would highly recommend either of these two dishes. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken Alfredo. I thought it lacked sauce and was underwhelming. The caramelle was on the sweeter side but it was very good, however not very filling because the pasta is very thin.
For dessert, we had the olive oil cake and doughnuts. They both were very good and you can't go wrong with either. 
Definitely would come back for the gemelli and cacio e pepe.
Very fresh pasta and sauces in a cute little neighborhood in Philly. Ambiance-wise, definitely a cute place for a date. Very cozy and warmly lit so it definitely is a comfortable place to get to know someone new or have a cute night out with someone you already know.

We got the tagliatelle bolognese and the shells granchio arrabbiato. Both had really good pasta along with really fresh tasting sauces. 

The bolognese sauce was your typical, hearty, meat ragu. The tagliatelle is a perfect pairing for the sauce as it really allowed the sauce to stick to the thicker noodles so you get a good hearty bite with sauce. Really good for anyone wanting a strong meat ragu sauce.

The shells were a very interesting take as it was a crab based sauce and had a bit of crunch with each bite. I can't recall what the crunch was but it was not crab shells! They definitely don't skimp on the crab here so its a very good deal if you're craving a bit of seafood pasta.

My biggest complaint is probably the bread but as it comes free, its hard to be too upset. They have a very good herbed foccacia-like bread, however my issue is that it comes cold. If it were heated up even a little bit, I think it would make all the difference. They do provide olive oil for dipping but if you want that classic balsamic/olive oil mix for your bread, just ask for a side of balsamic for the bread!
This restaurant is a must-go for people who like coldness and noise. It is extremely cold to sit in one of their tables outside because the heating is very weak and there is no shed. The tables are close to the bike lane and the street, so you could enjoy the wind created by the many cyclists and cars passing by. Also, the free ambiance music is brought to you by the angry drivers of Philly. 

Some of their tables are way out of the way from the restaurant. It may not be a big deal in summer, but in a winter time, the distance would mean that when the food arrives at your table, it is half-cold already! It is perfect for lovers of lukewarm food and those who only order cold dishes. My pasta tasted good for the first 10 sec. Gotta eat fast, or the pasta will return to its original state. 

Ah! And the price is TOTALLY reasonable. A couple pieces of sweet potatoes for close to $10? You do not have to travel to NYC to enjoy a NYC-level price tag. Think about the toll or the bus fare you gonna save.
Went here for a girls night a week ago, and had a good time overall. But they don't have indoor seating yet and many of their outdoor heaters were not working or out of gas so we were freezing. They don't have the outdoor pods so it gets pretty windy on overcast days. 

I tried a few of the cocktails, which were amazing. The appetizers were also delicious--we tried the ricotta toast with pomegranate pickle and a beat salad. We all thought the main entree were a little less exciting. The pasta was a bit bland, and unusual tasting. The pesto had a mustardy taste which I was not expecting. The bucatini in the cacio e Pepe was a bit undercooked and underwhelming. The dessert was good but they ran out of an ingredient so gave it to us for free. 

The server was super nice but would often forget to come outside for long periods of time to check on us. I know the place was under staffed that day, so this may be a one time thing.
Hands down some of my favorite Italian food in Philly! My friend and I stopped by for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night. We had reservations for 6:45pm a week in advance. We were seated at one of their outside tables.

We decided on one appetizer and an entree for each of us. For the appetizer, we got the stratiacella toast with figs and honey. It was incredible! It was light and the perfect combination of flavors. For our entrees, I got the spicy crab and my friend got the gemelli. The spicy crab was flavorful with each pasta piece containing some crab meat. I didn't think it was too spicy, but my friend who isn't a big spice level person said it was a perfect level of spice. The gemelli was light and had a delicious flavor profile. If I were to go back, I would definitely choose the gemelli over the spicy crab! 

The staff were nice and very attentive. We were seated outside on the sidewalk. Our waiter was friendly and had great recommendations for us. Although it is a pricier meal, the food was definitely worth it and we had lots of leftovers to take home! Would definitely come back again!
GREAT covid precautions. We sat outside under a heater as there was no indoor seating options.  Decided to do a shared meal with our table mates and we were all so glad we did. Beet salad (multiple types of beets), meatballs,  and burrata were all amazing - nothing I wouldn't order again. Spaghetti and meatballs and lasagna for mains. I must say, the lasagna was cooked and served quite uniquely.  It was cooked in a cast iron skillet making it seem almost "pie like". Oh yummm. We somehow still have room for dessert which we ordered and glad we did.  Bombolinos - never had them before but unique and enjoyable.  Little balls of donut (fried, because doesn't frying something make it even better) with a cream inside. More yum

Mary Beth was our server and we were so fortunate to have her be so perfect.
We were fortunate to be staying at an AirBnB right around the corner so we quite literally stumbled upon this neighborhood gem. It was a warm spring night and when we arrived we saw several tables full of happy diners enjoying the evening air. We sat inside and were treated to a comfortable dining room full of what appeared to be a mix of friendly regulars and couples enjoying a date night. The waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful and happy to open our wine (BYOB and no corkage fee). We enjoyed the grilled octopus (tasty and perfectly cooked), the Caesar salad (plentiful and full of croutons), and the special pasta with fennel sausage, beans, broccoli rabe, and chili peppers (fresh, flavorful, homemade pasta). And if this wasn't perfect enough, we topped the meal off with butterscotch budino (a pudding) and amaro.
Food is above average but service is "stuck up" without much reason.  Been here a few times and have experience decent service but on one occasion the waiter was not attentive at all after we said we bought our own wine (they serve wine but allow you to BYOB if you choose).  Either the waiter thought the check would be less so his tip would be as well or he is just arrogant but he made us feel very unwelcome.
Super cool local joint with scratch made everything.

We sat on the patio and enjoyed an amazing dinner, great wine, and super-friendly service.

If we lived in Philly we'd be back again and again.
There are three types of restaurants I tend to interact with: 

1) The convenient one with a cheap selection of dishes

2) The one where I have a go-to dish

3) The one where anything I get on the menu blows me away

Trattoria Carina falls into the third category. This restaurant consistently delivers both high quality food and amazing service. The manager always takes great care of us and makes sure we try new items on the menu whenever they're testing out the kitchen. I make it a point to eat here once a fortnight and have yet to be disappointed. Please do yourselves a favor and try out the food here.
Had a wonderful experience here last night. We noticed they had an open reservation so we booked and went over. Couple tables were taking longer than expected and we were offered to sit at the counter and have a drink while we waited. We took the offer and while waiting, ended up staying at the counter for our meal. 

I didn't get the managers name but she was younger with brown hair. She is an incredible manager - I have not felt so accommodated and taken care of in a restaurant in a long time. 

Incredible service from everyone that really left a positive impression. Food was great - can't wait to go back again.
I was sorry to see that Fitler had closed since it was one of my go to places to take out of town guests. When I tried the new restaurant, however, I was delighted. The interior has been redone and is warm and cheerful. The staff are attentive and knowledgeable and the same talented young chef that ran the kitchen at Fitler is turning his attention to the new menu of Italian food, including an array of really interesting pastas, all of which are house made. We started the meal with the grilled chicken wings with agrodolce sauce and I could have made a meal out of just those! The night we were there the special was a vegetarian lasagna, which was loaded with mushrooms, and had bechamel and red sauce, noodles, (house made!), and taleggio cheese. It was a lovely change from the usual vegetarian lasagna with spinach and ricotta and was absolutely delicious. The shells with crab and an arrabbiata sauce were spectacular- delicate and crabby and not overpoweringly spicy, but with a nice kick. The chef makes the best bolognese sauce I have ever had. I am so glad the place has reopened and it is back to being my favorite place to tke out of town guests, and, come to think of it, in town guests as well.
Absolutely LOVED Trattoria Carina. I was in Philadelphia for work and had a free evening for dinner. I decided to look for an Italian restaurant since I am totally a pasta snob. I looked around and decided that Trattoria Carina was the type of place I was looking for: Made from scratch, neighborhood gem that took reservations! I booked my table and it was ready for me when I arrived. The restaurant was busy and has indoor tables, outdoor tables and counter seating near the kitchen. I ordered a glass of Montepulciano, which is my go-to when I'm at an Italian restaurant. The menu offered so many things I wanted to try. However, I decided to keep it under control and have a starter and a main. I started with the arugula salad and the waiter let me know that the arugula was from a nearby farm. It tasted fresh and peppery, exactly how I like it! It was balanced out with fennel, pine nut, lemon dressing - all in a good ratio to the arugula. For my main, I went traditional with the Tagliatelle Bolognese and I was not disappointed. I savored every single last bite. They also brought bread to the table with fresh dipping oil, which was a nice addition to the meal. The service was attentive and friendly - I could tell they knew some of the other regulars quite well, which added to the neighborhood charm for me. The kitchen stayed busy and it wasn't hard to tell why. If you have allergies or other dietary concerns, they were very accommodating to those for the others sitting around me, so don't think you're limited to what the menu says (although if you don't have dietary restrictions, I would order as is as the chef definitely knows what they are doing!). Grazie mille!
If you're in search of one of the best, cozy and delicious Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, get your tail over to Trattoria Carina ASAP! 

Carina got quite the update and doesn't even resemble the previous Fitler Dining Room. Beautiful interior design with light walls, subway tiles, red accents and a very warm environment.  This beautiful jewel box on the corner of 22nd and Pine (nestled in the Fitler Square) is EXACTLY what this neighborhood needed- a straight forward menu that will satisfy any palette amongst your dining companions, BYOB, but also has a small but robust bar menu (hello Negronis!)

My brother, mother and I came in on a Thursday night at 6PM which was already bustling (definitely not shocked by the amazing reviews we've read about TC).  We were heading to wine school after dinner and were told to eat light, so we ordered four dishes and dessert to share.  What a perfect dinner and sweet ending! We ordered the meatballs and caesar salad to start, followed by the tagliatelle bolognese, the chicken milanese, and flourless chocolate cake with hazelnut gelato for dessert.

The meatballs were huge, flavorful, and topped with the most full bodied marinara and ricotta cheese.  A MUST! The caesar was fresh, perfectly dressed and topped with crunchy homemade croutons.  The pasta was by far the favorite dish, topped with a hearty beef ragu that filled our stomachs on a cold December evening. The chicken milanese was also a star dish- a very light and flavorful arugula salad accompanied by roasted cauliflower (with a hint of lemon) topped a huge piece of chicken that was breaded to perfection.  

Dessert ended on a very sweet note (our family loves dessert) with the flourless chocolate cake with Hazelnut Gelato which is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Do yourself a favor and head over to Carina early, often and sooner than later! Cheers :)
Last night, I went into Trattorina Carina for dinner. I honestly don't write reviews, but tonight was an exception. While in town with friends, we all went out to this tiny, Italian BYOB. The place is super cute , warm and inviting staff, with an open kitchen ( which makes it so fun to watch two impressive chefs cook ). We byoed ( which you can do but they have a small bar as well ). Our server ,Diva , gave us a ton of recommendations. She was knowledgeable , checked in frequently without being overbearing, and made sure our wine glasses were always filled. First we had the arugula salad. It was simple , clean and refreshing. For my entree,l had the grilled branzino per Diva's recommendation . It did not disappoint. It reminded me of a trip to Italy years ago! It was amazing. I also tasted my friends ' Spicy Crab' pasta and it was amazing too. Such simple flavors with careful attention to subtle details . We didn't get dessert (I was to full ), but Diva recommend we have a digestif to share. I never had one before , but since she helped create such a lovely experience, I thought why not? I had the Amaro Subino, rich with clove and Carmel notes. I am a converted Amaro fan ! We enjoyed Amaro and Rival Bros coffee ( so good !) With great conversation. Even when we left, the entire staff said good-bye bye. What a charming and delightful experience. I will certainly be back.
Great tasting food. Tables were socially distanced outdoors and staff was quick with service.
Adorable Italian restaurant with excellent food!

Trattoria Carina is situated on a quiet corner in a beautiful neighborhood, making it feel like you've escaped the city. It's a small space, seating only 32 guests. The menu is very limited, which I actually liked because Italian restaurants tend to have an overwhelming list of pastas and entrees.

I ordered the branzino which was served over farro, hazelnuts, and grapes - very fresh and light. The cocktails were good, but definitely on the expensive side for their size; next time we'll take advantage of the byob.
..Both pastas we ordered were incredible. Maybe one of the best pasta places in the city. A must...even on a rainy rate. They treat you great!
We had a fantastic meal with wine at this terrific restaurant last evening. The burrata salad and broccoli rabe were wonderful as appetizers. Ordered the octopus salad too but very little octopus in there. Two pasta dishes with amazing sauces were shared by three of us and we were too filled for desert!  Marybeth our server was a delight and truly royalty in Delco. I highly recommend
They have amazing handmade pasta. Please do yourself a huge favor and go here. They are a byob spot however they do have a bar so it's ok if you didn't bring anything. The Cacio e Pepe and bolognese were AMAZING. Phenomenal!
Such a cutie little place! They have outdoor seating too. They take reservations you just need to call. The service was great, our waiter gave us great recommendations that were delicious. We started with the asparagus. I had the shells with crab that was delicious. It was a little spicy for me but overall delicious, I would get it again. Best part is it's byob! Or they have a bar as well you can order from.
I was with Federica, who recently reviewed this restaurant.  And she is spot on with her review and comments.  It's such a shame because it's a great spot and the food was good.  And let's not forget that when we did eventually sit down they ran out of specials!
We're already regulars at this awesome taste of Italy in our neighborhood. My wife looks forward to her Aperol spritz, and there's something about coming here that makes you feel like you're on vacation somewhere with a rocky beach. Come early and you'll see so many young families like ours enjoying the outdoor seating. Our kids love the home made pasta. We've tried several dishes and so far the real standout was the branzino. You can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes either, and the charcuterie and cheese plate is great. Hope this place is here for the long haul!
I saw a popular Philly food account post pictures from her experience here on her Instagram and it looked too good to pass up! My friend and I decided to go for brunch. We were greeted by a friendly hostess/ waitress who quickly sat us. There were ~8 other people in the restaurant. 

The meal started with coffee which was not hot at all but whatever I didn't want to complain over something so small. It was warm and fine. The waitress took our orders and was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. 

I ordered the Meatball Sandwich and my friend ordered some Artichoke/Bean dish (we can't remember the name). 

Our food came out in a reasonable time and was very delicious. The bread was amazing and I wish we could have had more!! 

If we come back, we would come for the pasta which is apparently amazing. I wish we tried it. 

Overall the ambience and high quality food (besides the coffee), left us with a pleasant taste in our mouths and we will probably be back for dinner. We have never been to an Italian restaurant for brunch so this was a new twist on a classic.
I really wish we were going to be here in Philadelphia longer so that I could come back here again, best Italian i've had in years.
I have to preface this review by saying typically when I go out to try a new place, Italian is not my first choice. Trattoria was delightful though, and such a cute little corner experience that I'm sure I'll be going back. With the weather finally brightening up, the outside seating was perfect. Occasionally a car would loudly drive by and interrupt the conversation, but it was infrequent enough that I would absolutely sit outside again.

I've read this place doesn't do reservations? I think that makes sense for Carina considering it's small size. It also helps make the vibe that it is a nice neighborhood dining spot, but you can still pop in without planning weeks in advance. 

Our waiter was helpful/attentive giving his recommendations, and my entree was amazing! I had beef tagliatelle which was saucy and rich. Just the right amount of meat to not be overwhelmed. You can definitely tell that the pasta is made in house and that all the ingredients are high quality. I've tried making pasta at home, and it went wrong in a 1000 different ways so this was excellent. I was disappointed with the chocolate torte dessert though. It was pretty dry and a whopping $10. Considering the pasta, if I go out for Italian again anytime soon, this will be my place to go!
This would be a perfectly fine restaurant if the prices weren't so high.  The quality of the food simply does not warrant the price tag.  The pasta dishes and chicken Milanese were entirely unremarkable.... though the service and the attention were excellent.  I would have been more satisfied if I had followed my instincts by ordering just the arugula salad and the charred broccoli appetizer with the deliciously flavored and memorable meatball appetizer as my main dish.  Overall, a work in progress.
Amazing service and amazing food! the chicken parm
is delicious, thank you Marybeth for a wonderful
dinner!
I stumbled across this place while I was going on my afternoon walks. I realized after looking at the menu that this was an Italian spot. And I'm always on the lookout for a good Italian restaurant because they are extremely hard to find. I love the fact that the menu is just so simple it's one page it's to the point they have nothing to hide. Their pasta is freshly made check! The food is simple check! It's decorated beautifully on the inside and you can eat outdoors! It's BYOB but if you forget your alcohol you can buy some while you're there. So now onto the food. Y'all..... let me tell you! This place is delicious!!! The bread is so garlicky so crunchy so smoky oh my gosh! The Caesar salad did not disappoint. The Bolognese and the Cacio Pepe were imported from Italy I swear it was so freaking good! Holy smokes!!! YOU NEED TO GO THERE! Thank me late with a like on the review! :) I love this place!
Neighborhoody gem! Beautiful, clean, open airy setting.

Fresh pasta, deceptively simple presentations and execution, but big complex flavors. 

Enjoyed sitting up on the counter watching the chef at work. He periodically commented on fresh locality/origins of some of the ingredients. 

The chef also overheard me explaining what tiramisu was to my son and sent us a complimentary tasting for dessert - son is now a fan as he should be since the tiramisu was beautifully light and delicious.

Best dining experience we have had in Philly. Will be back for sure!
I came here for brunch on a Sunday with 3 girlfriends... it's super small and quaint inside. Our waitress was very attentive (almost too attentive.. one person of our group was running late and when she arrived the waitress immediately asked if we were ready to order when we obviously weren't)  anyway.. 

The coffee wasn't that hot.. it was mehh. My frittata was actually VERY good.. came with a salad on top. I would say give it a try if you want something different, but I wasn't blown away.
So good. The pasta here is unbelievably fresh. My favorite was the Cacio E Pepe. This place is a must try!
By far my favorite restaurant in Philly right now. My relationship with Trattoria Carina actually began with takeout during quarantine, which I was nervous wouldn't live up to the hype. But boy was I wrong. Every time I get takeout it's incredible. Then actually going (sitting outdoors on their cutely decorated corner) was great!! No reservations right now which makes it tricky, but it's worth it. I highly recommend following them on Instagram the new pastas are always on there and they're always beautiful and delicious.
This review is long overdue. I visited late summer, back when eating outdoors was a choice and not mandatory. This a nice spot, on a fairly quiet street in Fitler Square. They are BYOB, so I picked up a bottle on the way.

The waitress and service were exceptional. It was our first time and she took the time to make recommendations and answer our questions. We got the Caesar Salad, Pesto Pasta, Chicken Parm, and Rotating upside down cake, this time it was lemon blueberry. 

Everything was excellent, our wine glasses were never empty, each course was timely followed one after the other and the food was absolutely delicious. Great prices and our bellies were full as well.

I can't wait to return!
Delicious meal. Excellent dining and covid friendly. We had a table outside under heaters. The staff were all masked, which i appreciate. Homemade lasagna which was so different and yummy. Like an Italian pot pie. The bombalinos (sp?) for dessert unbelievable. Hot little donut type balls.  Terrible description but i want more. Mary Beth was a bundle of energy. Such a memorable meal.
My boyfriend raves about this place and after 7 months into our relationship, he finally took me ‍. The food was absolutely delicious! We started off with the melon & prosciutto and the grilled octopus. And the got the spicy crab pasta and the Cacio de Pepe pasta.
1) melon & prosciutto was so light and refreshing for a cool summer evening. And I couldn't believe how thin the they were able to shave the melon - just wow!
2) grilled octopus - one of the best octopus appetizers in the city. It literally melted in your mouth.
3) spicy crab pasta was phenomenal. It was decadent and had so much flavor. It had a nice kick to it as well. The crab meat was fresh and paired nicely with the little bit of crunch from the breadcrumbs in the pasta dish.
4) cacio de Pepe - I couldn't tell you because my boyfriend wouldn't give me any  but seeing how he licked his place clean, I sure don't doubt it was delicious! 

We will be returning again soon!
Another delicious dinner here! The best service, the most authentic and flavorful pasta, delicious cocktails!
This is a corner neighborhood Italian restaurant that I really love. The pasta is freshly made and the dishes just taste fresh and delicious.
You can't really go wrong with what you order. However, I always go for the cacio e Pepe or the spicy crab arrabbiata (please don't test me on the spellings of these things, I will not pass). I love that the entrees are served so hot I have to wait to eat them. Also, it's BYOB and the outdoor seating  scenes transport you  in a little part of Europe as you enjoy a wonderful fresh dinner in a small neighborhood restaurant.
We loved the atmosphere, service was great, food was delicious, we ordered the meatballs, chicken parm, octopus, Cesar salad, and the olive oil cake, Prosecco was on point, we will definitely be back for more. Thank you!
Celebrated my daughters 23rd birthday.. the food was fabulous.. The best Chicken Milanese i have ever had...Cacia e pepe, Spicy crab all were excellent...and its BYOB!!  Highly recommend
Hey! I really like this place!

Cool neighborhood spot. We came for dinner - it's BYOB so we came strapped.

We shared house olives, which was delivered on the back of a truck. Not really- it was just the biggest portion of olives I've ever been served at a restaurant before. It was actually a lot so I'd avoid... but still tasty. 

Cesar salad (not pictured), a cool take on bruschetta with fresh green beans and ricotta cheese, and the morel  mushroom pasta special (this was DYNAMITE). The pasta was a big portion and was fine for us. I understand the menu changes frequently so we will be back for sure.
Stopped by recently for dinner with my partner. BYO'd a bottle of wine. Got the grilled octopus appetizer which was probably the highlight. The octopus...so tender...it was incredible.

Then we moved on to two pasta dishes. First was a shell pasta with crab meat. It had decent spice and breadcrumbs which added nice texture. Quite enjoyed this one. Second was a cheese emulsion with pepper sauce. Was also nice.

Overall vibe of the restaurant nice - gets lively, but very spacious, clean design.

Overall the food was very good - would go again!
Had outdoor dining here on a cold winter night (01/30/21). They had heat lamps which was very nice, although it was really cold that night so I kept my jacket on still. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. The food was prepared quickly, and the overall ambience of the restaurant was nice.

The food was fantastic. Everything tasted so good. Definitely some heavy foods (as is most dishes I order at Italian restaurants) that I have to take back home with me. The meatball combined with the whipped ricotta cheese was so fluffy and the sauce with it was good. The rigatoni was cooked al dente and the sausage actually had a bit of a kick to it. My most memorable part of the experience had to be that Lemon Tart though. It had bits of mint in it, which at first took a little while to get used to. But once I did, it was the best lemon tart I've ever had. Beware though, if the Lemon Tart is ever back (unfortunately it was a seasonal dessert), it's REALLY dense. Some might hate it, I personally really liked it. The slices were huge too, don't make the mistake we did in ordering 2 slices, it's definitely enough to share with another person. 

Things we ordered:
Spicy Sausage Rigatoni
Homemade Meatballs
Lemon Tart (seasonal)
Super cute and cozy spot for a nice dinner! 

We loved the Caesar salad, cacio pepe and fiano wine! I would pass on the broccolini because it was super bitter and the spicy crab pasta was a bit oily, but not too bad.
My friends and I made a reservation for Sunday 4/18 and even called to confirm it and make sure everything was good to go. We were quite shocked when we ubered across town, hopped out, and saw the restaurant was closed! I'm sure there was some kind of reasonable explanation as to why they were closed, but a heads up would've been nice! We had to squeeze in at another restaurant last minute, and that experience was less than excellent, so we were just disappointed we did not have the chance to eat here.
I think I'm slightly obsessed with this restaurant. I've only been once but I can tell it's a place I'll be returning to soon. Great atmosphere, friendly and kind staff, beautiful corner spot with open windows looking out to the street corner, oh and incredible food.

The chicken parm is one of the best versions I've had in such a long time. Not overly saucy or overly cheesy, almost wonderful in its bold simplicity. The chicken has an incredible char, accented by the aldente pasta that is somehow sweet and savory yet a little bit spicy all at once. And then there's the pesto pasta, with housemade pesto sauce not using pine nuts, but rather using pistachios. As you'd expect, it's addicting. But it's also light and not doused in oil like other restaurants might do. Can't wait to try more of this menu, if I can resist not just ordering both of these dishes again.
Super cute spot for brunch! They have a few tables outdoors near heaters which makes for an intimate atmosphere. We got the pastry board to start (yummy, but fairly standard), and got the and baked eggs (basically shakshuka) and the egg and cheese sandwich with mushrooms for mains. The baked eggs were well-flavored compared to other American brunch spots, and the sandwich was very filling and came with chili oil which was a really great complement.
Trattoria Carina is a small byo (but they do have a few cocktails available on the menu) that we tried out during restaurant week. 

The cozy little byo  was perfect for a cold winter night but also looks like it has seating easily available for people to sit outside when the weather is nice. The interior is cozy, the two exterior facing walls are mostly windows so you get great light from outside. 

As for the food, the first course was the ceasar salad for both my fiance and I. It was great well dressed without being goopey or drowned in dressing. The croutons we're housemade, crunchy and delicious. My second course was the ziti, which was hand made in house, with eggplant in a  tomato sauce. My fiance had the pork and loved it, although I was too busy eating my dish to even thing about his. 

The last part was dessert which was the only place that the byo missed a bit. The desserts we had were the lemon tart and the chocolate cake. Neither was spectacular but the chocolate was a bit overpowering and maybe too rich.

The service was perfect and we will certainly be going back, if you haven't tried out this byo I strongly suggest you do
This is for delivery.  I looked forward to trying this place.  Heard good things.  I ordered a Caesar salad, chicken Parm, and tiramisu via Caviar.  It came to over $70.  The biggest issue was the packing.  They packed the salad and the tiramisu with the chicken Parm.  The salad was wilted and the tiramisu was warm.  If you are doing delivery and charging what you charge, that's a huge mistake.  The second issue was no plastic ware, napkins, cheese on the side, or even some bread (they are an Italian restaurant . come on!).  Lastly was the portion.  Based on some pictures, it looks like I got half an order.  Wtf?
Amazing food and great service! Bill was an outstanding server. We sat outside and had a great meal during restaurant week - food was fantastic and they were super accommodating of a kiddo.
Had an amazing dinner. The management and staff are all so friendly and welcoming. We had to wait outside in the rain but they made sure we had umbrellas and dry tables to sit at and grab a drink while we waited - espresso martini is perfect and so were the other cocktails. The food is AMAZING - we had meatballs, the cacio e Pepe and the crab pasta and everything was beyond delicious. Even though we were stuffed we still ordered dessert - a budino that was heavenly. Our water glasses were never empty. It is very noisy and definitely cozy as far as seating, extremely lively with good energy. We definitely will be back!!
We've been here probably 4-5 times and each experience has been good or great. Unfortunately I'm updating this review with one star given the terrible service we experienced this Sunday evening. We came here on Sunday at 7:45 pm with a friend. 

We were seated right away but after about 15 minutes, we realized no one ever came to our table. When the hostess passed by, I asked if a server would be coming to our table. She said yes (with no apology or acknowledgment of the wait). About 5 minutes later a server came to our table. When we tried to place an order for our apps and drinks, she said all of the items needed to be ordered together. We thought this was odd as everyone in our party has been here multiple times and have never heard this before... regardless, we gave her our full order. 

We didn't receive our food for another 45 minutes. So essentially a 1-hr wait from our reservation time. No apology. No acknowledgement of the incredible wait. The food was also not up to its usual standard. I ordered the cacio e Pepe which I've gotten many times (see previous review and pictures). This time it was incredibly oily. Everyone else at the table commented how their food was not good as well. 

We ate and finished our meals in about 15 minutes and chatted for another 15-20 minutes or so (now 9:15 PM). By this time, our waters were empty, drinks were done, and food was done. We were actively searching for our server to get the check and leave (another party seated outside was also looking for her -- did they forget about us?) 20 minutes later, we went inside to look for her and pay (!!!) -- from there, she took another ten minutes to bring the check back to our table for us to sign. 

All in all, we left at 9:45 PM with most of that time spent waiting for our server. Not once was there an acknowledgment of the slow service or an apology. Our server was very cold and short with us all evening (almost as if we were inconveniencing her?) As I mentioned, this was a Sunday and not exceptionally busy. I'm pretty disappointed that this restaurant, which used to be a favorite, has fallen so far. We won't be back again.
My wife and I went to this restaurant during restaurant week. The wait staff was very friendly and helped us choose a delicious series of dishes. We were particularly impressed with the meatball, the eggplant Parmesan, and the pistachio flavored pasta. We also found their desserts to be very creative .  This restaurant is better than most restaurants around town if you want to bring your date, you will probably get laid. And if that doesn't work, at least you had a great meal.
First time at this lovely Italian BYO. Very attentive and young service team. They all seemed to really enjoy what they were doing and had a great sense of humor. 

Our starter was eggplant with ricotta cream. This was an interesting dish with strong flavors. To me it was like something with an olive flair which I don't love. However, my wife loved it. It has a creamy texture with shaved roasted eggplant. We also had the Caesar salad as part of our starter. This was a great salad. The dressing was creamy but not too creamy. It had just the right amount of oil mixed in. The lettuce was fresh and the croutons were excellent. 

For the main course, i had the chicken Parmesan which was very good. It was thin which made perfect texture and it was cooked well. Buffalo mozzarella as the cheese topping which was baked in just right. The marinara with ziti was good which accompanied the meal. My wife had the clams which was good but she's had better. 

Overall it was a very good meal and we will probably be back. Recommend for a date, the outside seating is lovely.
Great set up for outside dining during these times. Food was exceptional! Desert you MUST try the donuts!
Honestly the best Italian dinner I ever had in my life. Everything looked so good that my boyfriend and I decided to share a couple of things: we ordered the meatballs, the polenta, spicy crab arrabbiata and the gemelli. Everything was just AMAZING, so was the service. It was a lot of food for two people  but I would definitely eat the spicy crab dish over and over and over. 

We have to go back for brunch!
I can NOT stop raving about this place. Spending a dinner here with friends celebrating someone's birthday was just perfect. From the vibes to the incredible service, to the food just everything was on point tonight.

Tattoria Carina is a BYO spot (with no corkage feed) that serves primarily Italian food. There were so many dishes ordered for our party that I'll just focus on what I ordered which was the Bucatini Amatriciana. Delish and no complaints here! I was also a fan of ALL of the starters specifically the Carina's Meatballs and Bruschetta -- absolutely fantastic!!

It was truly a night to remember having friends from all over the states/world gathered here in each others' company for the first time in a few years. To top it all off, our server got wind of the celebrant's birthday and brought out a slice of tiramisu for her with a candle! (how did she know tiramisu is like my top 3 types of cakes?? beats me!)

This cute little place at the corner of 22nd and Spruce has my heart and stomach :)
We went here for a special send-off meal for our son. I'm happy that we had a reservation because the place is fairly small and their business is robust. Because it is small, it's loud. There are a lot of close tables and big voices. They also play great music but it was also really loud. Our server was helpful in getting it turned down slightly. 

To begin I ordered an aperol spritz. Cocktails can quickly and were great. To start we ordered meatballs and a chop salad. Both were excellent. Their pasta is housemade and nice sized portions. We had vongole, a spicy crab pasta, and the gemelli (a pistachio, lemon pesto). All three were good but the clams and the gemelli were  excellent. We ordered broccoli rabe as a side which our server forgot about. When we reminded her, no problem and it came out instantly. It's a strong vegetable so I was the only one who enjoyed it.

Overall, the place has a good vibe and has great pasta. If you're in center city, and looking for a night out. I recommend it.
We made a reservation for outdoors for dinner. I had the pistachio pesto pasta and really enjoyed the flavor. The texture of the noodles was nice and chewy. I also tried a bit of the spicy crab pasta which I also felt was perfectly seasoned. We did find our waiter a little pushy, he tried to buss our table before we had finished eating and we finished our meal in under 50 minutes which felt a little rushed.
The food was tasty, but the music was SO LOUD we had to almost yell at each other to be heard.  We politely asked our server to turn down the volume. To our surprise she was neither accommodating nor understanding. She said the volume could not be lowered, per the owner's orders. Apparently the owner wants the music to be kept very loud to differentiate the restaurant from its predecessor.  Huh?  So much for the notion of customer satisfaction.  Not to mention the documented health hazards of sounds at high decibel levels.  Based on some of the other reviews I've read, it seems I'm not alone here.
The space is beautiful and pet friendly so huge bonus! Food was very good but portions were small for the price. Split 1 app and 2 entrees and 1 desert between 2 people and left hungry.  I would not get the chocolate cake again!! Very very dry.
My husband, a friend and myself had dinner here last night. Dinner was one of the best in Philly. We sampled several appetizer, tasted each other's entrees and had a delicious tiramsu and coffee ice cream for dessert. I ordered monk fish wrapped in prosciutto with a delicious tomato based compote. Along side this was a nice perfectly toasted bread slice topped with, i think, a parsley or tarragon pesto. Oh my...amazing! Both my husband and our friend totally enjoyed their dinner. The service was outstanding. Darryl, Diva and Tori were perfectly attentive. A friend recommended it and we will all definitely go back...again and again and again. FYI...it's a Byob but they do have some selections of beer, wine and cocktails. All which worked well with our meals. Definitely worth the trip!!!
This place is so cute! The food and the service was terrific, will definitely come back.
