I think one of the best off-the-general-radar restaurants in all of Philadelphia is Trattoria Moma in Mount Airy.  This cozy and warm neighborhood gem is a wonderful eatery that so many people don't even know about.  And their Sunday and Tuesday evening four-course dining specials are one of the best values in fine dining I've come across in Philly.  If you like Northern Italian food as I do, you're in for a treat at Trattoria Moma.

This is a BYOB which reduces costs right off the bat and their bread course and spreads are a great way to begin the meal.  The salads are good here but an amazing appetizer is the carciofo ripieno.  The artichoke and crabmeat melt in your mouth.  My primi dish of porcini risotto was perfection - totally.  My friend loved his mushroom ravioli.  And the love continued with the secondi dishes.  The veal medallions were reported to me as tender and flavorful and I loved my anatra (roast leg of duck) served with dried cherries, truffle polenta and roasted Brussels sprouts.  The four-course feast closed with a tasty tiramisu and cannoli.

Service was friendly and fine  and the noise level was just right - even with every table occupied - to allow for conversation.  Owner chef Bledar Istrefi has a winner in Trattoria Moma.  And now you know about it too!
Exquisite. Authentic. Just go here!
I tried out this new restaurant in the former location  of Umbria last night. I'll admit I'm not generally excited about going out for Italian food because it is one of the cuisines I cook a lot at home and after living many years in Europe, I'm usually disappointed by Americanized Italian food.  Well, thankfully I didn't let that keep me away. The restaurant is absolutely wonderful. The ambiance is dark and romantic; it feels very sophisticated, yet not snooty. 
You are welcomed by homemade bread, ready to eat as is or dipped in the heavenly olive oil, salt and Balsamic vinegar. 
Similar to restaurants in Italy, the pasta is considered a "first course" to be eaten before the meat or fish course, but the five people in my party ordered only pasta and the portions were ample enough to stand alone. All of the pasta is made by the chef, and each dish is prepared when you order it, which means you can ask the chef to tweak it to meet your preferences/dietary needs. The other side to that is that you may have to wait a little longer for your food to come out, but with the lovely ambiance and bread...who cares!!
I had wild mushroom ravioli with truffle oil. It was TO DIE FOR. I got nibbles of everyone's dishes and each one was as fantastic as the other. I had a crème brûlée done perfectly and my friends seemed to enjoy their tiramisu.

This is very close to my experiences eating in Italy. If you are looking for the Olive Garden, keep walking. If you want high quality, authentic Italian food, run to Trattoria Moma.

It is reasonably priced and BYOB as well!

Bravo!
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first dinner at this charming new BYOB in our neighborhood.  We shared a beet, goat cheese and almond salad, I chose a blue crab and sundried tomato fettucine, he had a mushroom risotto, and we split a side of broccoli rabe with orange oil.  One of the evening's specials included a roasted cauliflower and artichoke salad. The server very kindly arranged a side of this for us.  The fettucine and the cauliflower were both absolutely delicious, the risotto a bit under-seasoned. Service was excellent and we look forward to returning.  Next time, we will make sure that we leave room for dessert-- the couple at the next table reported that their hazelnut tiramisu and tres leches cake were both excellent.
Love this place--it was hard choosing what to eat. I had the mozzarella di bufalo (grilled eggplant, tomatoes, basil oil and fig balsamic) followed by the salmon.  I usually don't order salmon out because it's so easy to make at home but this was delicious (Seared to a crisp on the outside and moist inside with sesame flavoring.)  Others at the table had the pasta special (freshly made pappardelle) and the zuppa di pesce which was chock full of shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams and salmon.  The service was a little slow (only one server on duty...I'm sure they weren't expecting a full house on a Tuesday nigh) but the restaurant is so pleasant and the manager so friendly we didn't even care.  I'm sure they will work that out. And no corkage fee!

Can't wait to go back and gorge myself with carbs next time!
I was looking for a restaurant not too far from home, not too noisy, with good food. Trattoria Moma was perfect! Out with a good friend and we had a lot of catching up to do, so wanted a place we could talk.
Trattoria Moma is a small, intimate Italian restaurant located in East Mt. Airy with street parking. It doesn't take much for it to get crowded so you should definitely make reservations.
We went on a Sunday where they have a special 4 courses for $35, but to get the deal it's cash only. (This special is also on Tuesdays).
We were greeted with a smile and seated right away. 
It's also a BYOB, and they put my wine on ice right away!
The service was great!
For starters they bring out warm bread and cannellini dip w/ olive oil.
My friend decided on "Mozzarella di Buala" as her appetizer, "Melanzania Ripiena Eggplant " as her 2nd course.  (She loves Eggplant). 
I decided on "Insalanta di Moma" (salad), Orecchie (pasta with chicken sausage) as my 2nd course.
We both decided on the Lamb Shank over Risotto as the main course.  
I got the Tiramisu and she got a Cannoli for dessert.  
The food was great, I can tell the pasta is made from scratch. Each dish was delicious and flavorful. 
The reason they get 4 stars is because expect for the main course, the portions were very small.  The Tiramisu was extremely small.
I can understand not giving full portions for 4 courses but........two more spoonfulls please :/
This place is perfect for a date night!
I still would definitely go back and recommend Trattoria Moma.
Review doesn't include the food. Went on a Saturday.  Was lied to about wait times. It felt let no air conditioning on a summers night.  The dinning area was unpleasantly crowded.  Waiting area is tiny and in the back.  After over an hour of being told we would be seated in 5 minutes we leave and went to bacio instead.  The demographic of the other patrons was Much older than any restaurant I have been to.

To be fair the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked great.  We just didn't make it that far.  Will try again in a few months to see if they work the kinks out.
Delicious, reasonably priced food served in a charming atmosphere! Potentially the best Italian I've had! The noodles are homemade and exquisite, as is the bread served before the meal. 
While it may be hard, make sure to leave room for dessert. I had the tres leches cake and it was mouthwatering. I'm sure the other dessert options are delicious as well. It's a lovely spot to sip coffee, savor something sweet, and reflect on a great meal.
Do you like BYOs?
Do you like pasta made from scratch that same day?
Do you like to not spend a s**tton of money on your dinner?

If you answer yes to any of these questions, you should probably try Trattoria Moma as soon as possible. I went last night with my neighborhood ladies group and it was just a really super fine dining experience. 

No corkage fee. Eeee! 

All sorts of pastas made fresh with quite delish homemade sauces. The five of us passed our plates around the table and tried each others and they were all super yums. 

*Note, there were lots of other choices on the menu besides pasta, but it is just what we all happened to order. I personally had the gnocchi with a gorgonzola cream sauce and I am still thinking about it today. I am also thinking about the FRESHLY BAKED BREAD served with olive oil and vinegar. You could totally tell it was homemade. 
For the dessert, we each ordered one and I am happy to say it was the perfect amount...not super big but not super pricey either...just $4 each! 

We each paid $20 for our dinner (excluding tip); a total bargain for a big bowl of fresh pasta and dessert!

Only things I wish were different....refills on the bread basket, perhaps a cheese plate comprised of fantabulous Italian cheeses (of which there are many), and a bucket of ice to keep white wine chilly. But they like JUST opened and the experience was practically seamless, which is rare these days when a restaurant first opens. 

I shall be back for more. Glad it is just down the street from me!
I was reaaaaallllyyyy pleasantly surprised by my first dinner at Moma's.  I confess.  I was skeptical for reasons I won't go into here, but the point is, they totally won me over.

Service was absolutely adequate and totally pleasant.
Atmosphere lovely.  

But, it's the food we come for, right?  Everything we had was great  Three of us ate.  We all agreed.

I had arugula salad -- fairly priced and lovely.  Perfectly dressed.  One other salad at the table -- also appreciated.

The vegetarian offerings could be more extensive, but oh well.  Mushroom ravioli in cream sauce worked.  REALLY good, and though I ordered it, I'm not a big fan of mushrooms OR cream sauce.  I was impressed.  Cream sauce was not overly creamy and heavy -- really super texture and weight and delicious flavor.  Ravioli -- yum and the mushrooms were chopped finely and again, really nice texture and flavor.  For a non-fan, I'd say this is the best I've had, and trust me, I've had it elsewhere, many times.

One of us got the veal toscano -- impressive to look at and he was impressed with taste/flavor... yep, good.  The other got -- Pappardelle Bolognese - -and he was also really pleased with his meal.

Dessert?  One dining partner got tiramisu -- something else I'm not usually a fan of but this one was good -- melt in your mouth perfect with out being overly soppy and soaked... A chocolate lava cake also ended up at our table -- delicious.  

Welcome to the neighborhood Moma's.  We're glad to have you here.
We love this place - very down-home Italian, unpretentious, excellent food, AND very reasonably priced (read: this is not your Center City pricing). BYOB. A favorite for us is the Mushroom Ravioli, or try the Fettucine Moma - note the house-made pasta, too, a really nice aspect of dining here. Interesting specials change frequently. I suggest reservations, as the place is fairly small, and it does fill up, even on weekdays. A stone's throw from the Quintessence Theater on Germantown Avenue.
Arrived for an impromptu dinner out on a Friday night when we had someone to watch our son. 

The staff were friendly from the start and attentive. Walking in is a little odd, because the hostess stand is at the back of the restaurant. We were quickly pointed to a table we could take with our reservations. 

We had three different staff attending to us throughout the night. The two sisters who look like twins but are not, and one male. 
We were walked through the menu and ordered. 
My wife ordered a grilled calamari which she enjoyed. It was vibrant looking. She could find no concern with the course. 
I ordered a spinach gnocchi with peas. It was a flavor packed dish and just about the right size. The pasta was prepared well. It had some sweetness and salty flavor to it. 

For second courses my wife ordered a salmon and thought it was average. She thought it had a little too much oil in it. She is healthy eating conscientious. At the end of the night she thought she could have made the dish herself. 
I had a black angus short rib special for the night. And while the beef was prepared expertly, I was hoping for a gravy or sauce to go with it. It came with rice that was a little too plain as well. The pesto that came with was not enough to balance any of the flavors. And while it was good, one slight change could have sent it over the top. 

To finish we had one dessert, Nona's cake. It was flavorful and prepared well. It came sprinkled with powdered sugar. And this too could have been even better or over the top with something creamy or fruit type of sauce. It was not overly heavy.
Very disrespectful. Booked on Open Table. My best friend and I know nothing about these people. They actually called to confim reservation at 337pm for a 630 reservation. Changed reservation to 7pm prior to call. Called back at 338 sharp this evening, got no answer. 

I drove 2 hours from upstate pa. I called to find out if they have byob because it is NOT advertised on Open Table (their choice). I had to stop and get wine. My best friend sat and waited for me. I walked in at 7:24 pm. We were asked to move tables because there was a party of 4 that came in. Huh?

I HAVE NEVER BEEN ASKED TO MOVE MY SEAT IN MY LIFE. EVER!!!

We declined and told them, when we move, we leave. The owner (sounded like voice on VoiceMail as well) came over and then asked us again could we move. He got rude saying we were late and he knew I called and he needed the table. What the hll. So my best friend and I took our belongings after being disrespected and left. This was AFTER his waitress opened my 110 dollar bottle of 1999 wine. She thought that would keep us there I guess. 

He was so disrespectful. Mind you, material we pulled up with 200k in car body...let alone what our pockets look like. My bf just lost her mom and dad and he is lucky we are sane!!! Very. So DO NOT EAT HERE. IT IS NOT WHAT YOU SAY, IT'S HOW YOU SAY IT AND HANDLE IT! 2. Answer you phone next time..3 NEED I GO ON?

- A 3X CORPORATION OWNER (FL, NJ, PA)
Full disclosure - writing this review under duress because this place is so good and so small, that geez if i give it away, you might go and make it harder for me to get a reservation.  You know that feeling?

So on a whim last MsD decides to try someplace new.  Since we had the Mt Airy in mind, we decided to check this place out.  We got the last reservation, at the last time and well, praise the heavens!  A great find. We're not drinkers, but it is a BYOB so be sure you are on your game if that is important to you. But let's get to the point here.  I had the buffalo mozzarella, a stack of yum.  Nice cheese, incredible mushrooms (a running theme), eggplant, marinated peppers and fig balsamic.  Very nice way to start the meal.  I followed with the Vitello Mare e Monti which had tasty veal, mushrooms, artichoke and crab.  Yes, yes, yes and yes.  MsD had the grilled romaine which she wouldn't share and spaghetti adriatico.  The home made pasta perfecto and everything was fresh and tasty. The hard part of this restaurant was deciding what to eat, so many choices sounded (and looked) wonderful.  For sure we'll be back to try some more.  The price was incredibly reasonable, the service was wonderful and Chef/Owner Bledar Istrefi was everywhere with a smile making sure everything was going well. It was Bledar, it was - thanks for a great dinner
I try to write reviews of local places only after I've been there a couple times, because everyone has an A-game and everyone has a bad night now & then.  I've been here maybe 6 times since the fall.

I enjoy the food at Trattoria Moma. I love their mussels in a clear white sauce and the seafood medley.  They make a great citrus salad and the lamb shank is wonderful perfection.  

Service has always been okay; the hostess actually remembered my guest & I, which never happens anywhere else.  

Over the winter, they checked my black wool coat for me.  Then they inadvertently gave me the coat of someone else. I didn't notice til a few weeks later.  I contacted them & they put me in touch with the lady who had my coat.  Thankfully she lived in the neighborhood and we exchanged coats shortly thereafter.  Things happen. 

Twice this year, I've made reservations through Opentable for 5:00pm.  And both times, the hostess has called immediately to confirm the 5:00pm reservation and to also add, "but you've gotta be done before 6:30pm because we have someone else coming in".  

Who. Does. That?

No restaurant in the entire world tells you prior to arrival that you've gotta "eat fast & get the hell outta here" other than Trattoria Moma in Mt. Airy.  The first time it happened, my friend took the call & she treated it as no big deal. It was the night of the apocalyptic snowstorm and we were gonna eat fast to avoid the storm anyway.

The second time was a few weeks ago.  This time, a guy-friend took the call and he thought it was really odd.  What a way to flare up anxiety before dinner.  

We got there with our bottle of wine, stepped into the restaurant and realized we were stepping into a medical emergency.  There was a large family dinner party going on and someone's "grammy" was unconscious on the floor.  We stood there for a good 120 seconds before we figured out we should probably leave.  The restaurant is long and narrow and the entire staff was standing in the back, cowering, looking befuddled & confused. It was hard to believe no one was at the front door barring people from coming in - or trying to flag down an ambulance.  It was surreal

As we turned on our heels to leave, an ambulance arrived. I felt bad about Grammy; I hope she's okay.  And it was quite ironic that the restaurant's tightly regimented "eating" schedule that evening was now officially shot.  

Sixth time's not a charm.  Their food is okay, I like the intimate setting and BYOB is always +++ but Cheesus Krist,  treating guests as if they're your freeloading second-cousins is not cool.
Wonderful experience.  Mt Airy has been waiting for a restaurant like this one.  Really good, well prepared, thoughtful food at a reasonable price  Lots of interesting choices on both the regular and the specials menus without being "precious" food! Warm and knowledgable service, meal was paced well.  Loved the specail tri-color gnocchi with sea food and the Tres Leches cake.  We will definitely be back.
Trattoria Moma is my a neighborhood go-to for my partner and I. The servers and host are welcoming and warm. Even though the space is small, I do not mind it because they mostly always have had a table for us even when we felt like a walk-in. 
Highly recommend the specials-they're always great! Gluten free pastas and very considerate about dietary restrictions and choices.
Service and Cuisine always delicious and A Step Above All the Rest. Delicious quaint BYO not too loud but usually pretty crowded so call ahead.
Trattoria Moma is a hidden gem. This place is so cozy and the food is great! I loved the scallops and the lamb fillet with cherries and pomegranate. The price just right! Don't miss out and visit this place, I know i cant wait until next time.
The creme brûlée is amazing. It has a little bit of lemon that reduce the overwhelming taste from the creme. Also,  as someone who does not like lemon flavor food, the lemon is so little that I will not hate. The squid ink pasta is great! I thought I won't be full after it since it looks like a small portion. But the noddles is super dense that feed my empty belly.
Wow- what a terrific meal, lovely setting and enjoyable service.  

Warm, crusty bread with a house made bean dip surrounded by olive oil and balsamic was given as a complementary starter.  It was divine. 

I had a pasta special with escargot and a diver scallop.  Luscious and delicate sauce with an excellent linguine.  

A lightly chilled, seafood appetizer with calamari and scallops was superbly prepared.   It could have easily passed as a main course.  The calamari was as tender and tasty as any I've ever tried. 

The menu pricing is a bargain for the quality of the food.  

BYOB.  

My friend and I both were thrilled with our meals.
The best! Bledi, the chef, is so talented! Not sure why I did not leave a review earlier but this place is spectacular!!! Loved everything, the true definition of fine dining.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.  I can not say enough about the meal I had at Trattoria Moma.  First of all the place was full, which in itself, says alot.  The food was great Italian food, no frills.  I had the linguine special which included 1/2 of a lobster, scallops, clams in a white wine sauce.  The pasta is fresh as is the bread.  So glad this place opened around the corner from my house.  This is the first of many a dinner here!  This can compete with any center city restaurant!
We came on a Saturday night for a birthday celebration. This place did not disappoint! 

We started with Carciofo Ripieno (artichoke with jumbo crab meat, sundried tomatoes, bread crumbs, fresh herbs) and the Mozzarella di Bufala (fresh mozzarella, grilled eggplant over tomatoes, roasted peppers, basil oil, fig balsamic). They were both delicious albeit a bit tough to share. I liked the Mozzarella di Bufala the best- the eggplant was marinated beautifully. 

My parents both had the Spaghetti Adriatico (mussels, clams, jumbo shrimp, bay scallops & Italian zucchini with a choice of white, red or fra diavolo sauce). They said the seafood was cooked to perfection and the homemade pasta was al dente. I had the Orecchiette (home-made sweet fennel chicken sausage, broccoli rabe, cherry tomato). The chicken sausage was juicy with a slight sweetness, there was the perfect amount of rabe and tomato and sauce was garlicky and tangy. 

We grabbed a growler of beer from Earth Bread + Brewery across the street to enjoy with our meal- it was super convenient as we forgot to bring the wine! Overall this was a lovely, intimate setting to enjoy a birthday meal. Our servers were attentive and friendly and the food was reasonably priced. Great quality Italian!
Well....where to begin?
The louder than loud atmosphere? So loud that I could not hear my dinner companions at the small table. We had to scream at each other, and it was not out of anger, but because we could not hear each other or as it turns out, our pulses. 
The next issue is that we have been here now for OVER an hour and a half. We got apps, and based on these apps I think the food will be good. But I don't know.
We sat down to a 7pm reservation and did not even receive bread for 45 MINUTES. I work in a restaurant and I think it is ridiculous how long this is taking. We're all in pretty good spirits but I don't know how long we can keep waiting. Time will tell. 
Probably won't be back though, which is a shame because all the reviews are amazing and we were all so excited.

I do have to mention one more thing: the waitress only asked after we were all done how everything was (bad) and even noticed that a friend had hardly touched his food, and when he said he didn't want it boxed up, it was not asked if it was okay. Not cool.
Mediocre dinner tonight...most of the dishes lacked real flavor or punch. Mussels in red sauce didn't taste much different than canned soup. Garlic might have helped. Main courses about the same. 
Service awkward. Not a real wine ice bucket so top of wine stayed warm. Had to ask them to bring it to freezer, which worked. Pitcher they used useless. 
Even the bread was dismal.
This is probably my favorite place we visited in Philly!! Some locals recommended it and it was amazing.  We had the grilled calamari (yum) along with the Wild mushroom ravioli and mushroom risotto! The homemade bread was great too! Can't go wrong here!!
Excellent food atmosphere and service. We had the arugula salad the beets, salmon fish, mushroom ravioli, Brussel sprouts, cauliflower and tiramisu! Will be back!
This is my favorite Mt. Airy restaurant! The food is outstanding: mozzarella di buffalo, roasted beet pistachio starter, every entree, just amazing.  The owner is so personable and goes out of his way to make every dinner special. Just love this place!!!!
House made pasta with perfectly cooked seafood is always a winner. Their bread and dipping oil is mediocre, but their buffalo mozzarella app is tasty. I had the spaghetti Nero and it was delicious. They have gluten free pasta available for those who need it. 

On Tuesday and Sunday they offer a cash only 4-course meal special that seems like a great deal, if you can eat that much!
I had a fantastic meal at Trattoria Moma. Service was exceptional. Very attentive, always a full glass of water. The food was so fresh. I've never even to Italy, but I could only imagine that this is what the food is going to be like. Homemade pasta, fresh seafood. What more could you want. I tried the octopus app and the squid ink pasta with seafood. Looking forward to my next visit.
Amazing food!!! 
Some people gave negative reviews for the decor, interior, and carpet, but they didn't bother me at all because of the quality of the food!!!
The great quality of seafood, meat, and HOME-MADE pasta!!! 
My husband and I ordered 2 Appetizers, 2 pastas, and 1 dish of meat. We were so full after the pastas and couldn't finish the veal chop! 
We will go back again and recommend this restaurant!!
We love this place - very down-home Italian, unpretentious, excellent food, AND very reasonably priced (read: this is not your Center City pricing). BYOB. A favorite for us is the Mushroom Ravioli, or try the Fettucine Moma - note the house-made pasta, too, a really nice aspect of dining here. Interesting specials change frequently. Brussels Sprouts side dish, very good. Everything fresh - thus an excellent arugula salad.

I suggest reservations, as the place is fairly small, and it does fill up, even on weekdays. A stone's throw from the Quintessence Theater on Germantown Avenue.
Visited Trattoria Moma on Sunday for a birthday dinner. The wife and I had observed people going into the restaurant on another occasion. We looked at the reviews and decided to try it for ourselves. I'm so glad we tried something new instead of going to one of our old favorites. This is the best restaurant I've been to this year! On Sunday they have a deal where you can get four courses for $35. The waitress was friendly and brought us water and opened our bottle of wine. She then brought bread for the table and took our orders.
First courses: Carciofo Ripieno artichoke with jumbo crab meat, sundried tomatoes, bread crumbs, fresh herbs, Mozzarella di Bufala fresh mozzarella, grilled eggplant over tomatoes, roasted peppers, basil oil, fig balsamic and Salsiccia homemade fennel chicken sausage stuffed with  goat cheese over broccoli rabe and cannellini beans
Highlight of the first course was the homemade chicken sausage and the delicious cannelloni beans.
Second courses: Spaghetti Adriatico mussels, clams, jumbo shrimp, Italian zucchini, pancetta (white, red or fra diavolo), Ravioli stuffed with wild mushrooms, truffle butter in a light cream sauce and Spaghetti Nero squid ink pasta, sautéed calamari, crab meat, peas in roasted cherry tomato sauce
Highlight of the second course was the Ravioli which was amazing. The mushrooms and the sauce oh my goodness. The Spaghetti Adriatico with the fra Diavola sauce YUM!
Third courses: Vitello Mare e Monti veal medallions, porcini mushrooms, artichokes and crab meat in a white wine sauce, Branzino grilled filet, jumbo shrimp, and calamari over creamy lemon fettuccine and Gamberoni jumbo shrimp, in a light brandy sauce, over vegetable of the day.
Highlight of the third course was the Branzino and the veal. 
For dessert we had the tiramisu and the chocolate lava cake with ice cream. 

The food was delicious. I loved everything I tasted. I highly recommend this restaurant. The menu is phenomenal and the prices were reasonable.
Another awesome meal at Trattoria Moma!  My husband loved the eggplant appetizer (and he's very picky about his eggplant). I got the Moma salad, which I always love. Fresh romaine with Gorgonzola, cherry tomatoes, finished with a sprinkle of pomegranate. Very nice! We both had entrees which featured jumbo shrimp, exquisitely cooked in delicate sauces and served over homemade spaghetti. Not enough room for dessert this time, but we've had the crème brûlée before and absolutely loved it. We'll be back!
Excellent food. Loved the pasta and fish dishes. Great ambient and service. I have been here a few times, and can't wait for next time.
What a wonderful find! Each item we ordered was a flavor explosion beautifully crafted and expertly delivered. Wild mushroom soup, homemade pumpkin ravioli with a vodka cream sauce and roared shrimp, wild mushroom ravioli with truffle sauce, eggplant with smoked ricotta and pistachio pesto and fettuccini Calabrese. We can't wait to return!!
Food: good but not great. Soup of the day was awful. No flavor- could not describe the ingredients. Server offered to take it off the bill but did not.   Brought our entrees while we were eating apps.  
Service: waiter was cordial but very rushed. Our empty glasses were never removed until we asked. Never asked how our entrees were.  
Overall, not impressed.  I hate the way restaurants let you know what time you have to leave! I realize that some people will sit there all night but I don't like the way the check and dessert come together.  We pay over $100 for dinner and feel like we have to inhale our food! No wonder fewer people are going out to eat!  Also, if you are bothered by noise it can get very loud here
My friend and I wanted to try a new restaurtant so, with her two children in tow,  we decided on Trattoria Moma.  Never again.  When we arrived, between 5:30 and ^p.m.  there were only 2 tables in use, the rest of the restuarant was EMPTY.  The hostess asked us if we had reservations.  We did not (as this was spur of the moment)  however the website did not say the reservations were completely necessary.  The hostess then informed us that we could not be seated because ALL of the guests were coming in 45 minutes.  She chuckled and assured us that even though it was empty she was not simply turning us away; however she did not even attempt to make accomodations.  All was not lost, we wound up going to Earthbread Brewery accross the street; a much more inviting place and the food is delicious.
Chef/Owner Bledar made my birthday celebration an affair to remember for me and my 10 guests. He offered us a 4-course menu with fabulous appetizers,two pastas, entree choice of Salmon, Chicken Stuffed with Goat Cheese and Veal Saltimbocca, and incredible desserts served family style. (His Tiramisu is the BEST I've ever tasted and I am well traveled!) 

My guests loved the intimate ambiance and European feel of the restaurant, as well as the attentive service. It has something that is very hard to find these days - well-spaced tables and low noise level. You won't feel like you are going deaf just to converse with people at your table. 

Half of my guests were "regulars" and half were first-timers. They all raved about the presentation, flavor and quality of the food. Everything was so seamless, it felt like we were aboard a luxury cruise! As if this wasn't reason enough, Trattoria Moma offered us all 4 courses for just $35@person!  They also offer this great deal every Sunday. What a deal!
Wanted to give this 4 1/2 stars. Food was incredible! Hate Brussels sprouts with a passion but was stealing as many of these sauteed tidbits off my companion's plate as I could. The wild mushroom ravioli was to die for and the salmon crusted with sesame seeds sat on a bed of wild rice that was very exotic...well, wild! We had the Sunday special of 4 courses for $35 (cash only tho.) The place was quite busy by the time we left. 
I was pleased with the smaller portions as I was eating 4 courses after all! Can't wait to return!
Best Italian place in Philly! Love this place and love the chef! Though it's a bit small and gets busy fast, it's worth it!!
Where do we start. We arrived promptly for our 8:30 reservation only to be told there were no tables available for rest of night (I even called that morning to verify). They stuffed us in a corner where we could  barely fit right by the kitchen and cash register. Food came out undercooked, lobster ravioli tasted old and bitter. Waiter was rude. General manager did nothing to help or make things right. BE CAUTIOUS going there. You may end up embarrassed.
I was not overly impressed.  The menu was very limited.  They did not have Cesaer salad.  The risotto lacked a mushroom flavor.  Brandzino was okay .  The dish was described as topped with shrimp.  That meant 2 scrawny shrimp.  The grilled Romaine salad was tasty.  I thought the meal was okay.  Nothing great.  Probably won't return.  Too many other better places.
Not too crowded on a Wednesday night. Professional service. Good specials. Enjoyed arugula salad and boar shank. Portions just right.
I loved everything about this meal. We shared the braised short rib and the linguini with seafood in white sauce. Amazing! For appetizer we had the mozzarella salad with grilled eggplant and the grilled calamari salad. Everything was superb. Great atmosphere,  great food, great service. I'm so glad we came. Next time we won't forget the pictures.
Quaint and cozy spot for dinner. I wanted something different than cheesesteaks this trip to Philly, and decided to go with some authentic Italian. The food was pretty good, and I like the BYOB concept. (The wine store is a few doors down) I had the Veal Mare Monte as an entree, and the crab stuffed artichoke heart for an appetizer. My entree wasn't served with pasta, like I'd hoped. But, once I tasted it, I realized the pasta wasn't needed. The veal was very tender, and I'm not sure how they make that sauce, but it was amazing. I had the creme brûlée for dessert, and was a bit disappointed because it was noticeably burnt, but was served anyway. It was replaced; not burnt, but ice cold. I didn't send it back again, it was tasty. But, I would have preferred it room temperature. I'd go back for a different entree, maybe even try a special. Make reservations, it is small inside.
The ambiance is intimate, our waiter was great, and all the food was absolutely amazing! We had smoked Mozzarella, calamari, veal, and a cannoli. I will definitely be back to try their other menu items!
The food is absolutely delicious! The service is awesome. The staffs are very friendly and nice. I order the ravioli and my hubby order the lamb shank. We both fall in love with the dishes. The dessert options are also great. We order the chocolate lava cake. I heard this place is a local favorite restaurant. Definitely worth trying!
Did the $35 4-course Sunday special. All our meals were very good and service was attentive. One minor mistake with the requested sauce on one appetizer but no big deal. Each course was served in a timely fashion without being rushed - just like in Italy. Will definitely be back
Awesome restaurant! Food was the best and staff was superb. Dessert included!! Elisa was fantastic, pen included
Second visit last night. I had the branzino again and loved it again. Wife loved her veal medallions. Daughter didn't see anything that grabbed her attention so they made up a homemade pastry and red sauce for her. Highly recommended.
This place is a so so BYOB and I am partial to BYOBs.  The chef seems to be phoning it in.  I could make the menu item with a crock pot and frying pan for $5-10 but this restaurant will charge you $20/30 for some meat that has sat in a crock pot all day.  The food was okay but way overpriced.  We ordered crab stuffed calamari.  We got two calamari slices withostly risotto stuffed in them and barely any crab.  The service was ok.  The space is small and not small in a quaint cute way, just small.  We were sat at a table and had exposed wires by our feet (see picture).  Overall if you're in a pinch and want a BYOB this place is alright but I would not choose it if I had a choice.  Surprisingly, some customers were raving about it during our dinner.  I couldn't wrap my head around how anyone could see it as more than okay.
Had our first meal at this BYOB and we will be back! Food was outstanding, atmosphere was intimate, service was great!
This was our second visit here, and we enjoyed it just as much as the first time. First, it's great that you can bring your own wine. Second, and more impressive, is that they are very accommodating with their menu. They offer multiple options within each course option, and because of their willingness to be flexible, they'll remove unwanted items and/or offer substitutions. 

For example, I ordered the gnocchi with sweet peas in a cream sauce, but without the speck. And for my main dish, I was able to order the branzino without the shrimp and calamari (as I don't eat pork, shellfish, etc.). The waiter also asked if I wanted something to replace those items in my main dish, so I had Brussels sprouts added to my dish as well. The dishes were great, especially the pastas...the gnocchi was great and the lemon fettuccine with the branzino was fantastic!

The 3 others with me ordered 2 of the eggplant dish and one mushroom ravioli from the Primi section, and then 2 got salmon and one ordered the swordfish special as main dishes. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed every dish.

The restaurant is small, but cozy, although it can be a little noisy. But the efforts made by the restaurant to meet requests and still provide great food can't be beat. Would definitely return again.
Hands down best chow in Mount Airy.  The wild mushroom pasta was substantial and flavorful.  The lemon pasta that accompanied the Branzino screamed fresh.  And the wait-staff and ambience were center-city worthy.  I only wish they had more vegetarian meal options...
This is an outstanding example of an Authentic Italian trattoria, down to the house made bread and the no rush check. The food stands out with attentive detail orientated imaginative cuisine. All pasta is house made with a wonderful bright flavorful red sauce, house made.  Have had the lamb shank in past visits excellent.  If they are known for anything it is delicious seafood, say branzino with shrimp over lemon fettuccine.  Excellent calamari as an appetizer. Great specials grilled octopus with zucchini spears and roasted potatoes for a starter and the house made linguine in a white wine broth with little neck clams, scallops, and a half of lobster! Wow! Wonderful food. Tiramisu home made again and a great cap to a wonderful meal. And BYOB and reasonable. Nice atmosphere. A true neighborhood gem that is getting out of of the hood traffic to seek out. Reservations  a must on the weekends. Go and enjoy.
Good food, great service. Homemade pasta was excellent. Was first time there. Will definitely go back.
My wife and I want to Moma last night for an anniversary dinner.  We were most definitely impressed and we plan to return. 

We had a table in the window to watch a Friday evening in Mt. Airy unfold.  (Concerningly, we were the only couple in the place on this Friday night).  The service was totally relaxed and unobtrusive.  There was not a hint of our being rushed, even when I had to dash out for a bottle of wine (as we had not realized it was BYO).  

They make all their own pastas, as well as sausages.  They will substitute anything without question, which is nice for vegetarians or picky eaters.  

We started with the Mozzarella, which was subtle and just right.  It came with grilled eggplant and tomato.  Nothing fancy but suitable for an appetizer.

I ordered the spinach gnocchi with duck, pecorino, and dried cherries.  Others here have commented that it was bland but I found the combo of the salty cheese, sweet cherries, and duck to be excellent and would order it again.    Nadja had a pasta dish with tomatoes, peppers, and crab.  She subbed in one of the quirky other pastas on the menu for the capellini.  She was more impressed by the pasta than the sauce but enjoyed it nonetheless.

For dessert we shared a cannoli that was served with a citrus tinged ricotta.  This was light and flavorful and perfect with a cup of coffee.

We got out of there for a perfectly affordable $58 + tip.  That's less than we spent at any of the other MA or CH places we have checked out once you factor in overpriced cocktails.  

All in all, it was a very good meal at a great location. I am really hopeful that it draws more of a crowd because I cannot see it surviving with one or two parties a night.  We will go there again and bring friends.
I tried Trattoria Moma for the first time this past weekend and enjoyed the experience quite a bit. The restaurant is right on Germantown Avenue in a cozy storefront just as you come into Mt. Airy. The space inside is small and a bit cramped (the main reason they are docked down to 4 stars), and I can imagine it could get a little loud during busy times - but that's also part of the appeal of a intimate Italian BYOB. My only complaint would be the uncomfortable chairs. Service and the staff were all attentive, friendly, and worked well as a team to get dishes out quickly. 

On to the most important part - the food! 3 of our party started off with the grilled calamari salad - it was a nice size for an appetizer/salad and tasted fresh, the lime vinaigrette was an especially nice touch. We all split an order of the spinach gnocchi with bay scallops, which turned out to be delicious. The housemade aurora vodka sauce was fantastic in this dish and definitely is something that I'll remember.

We all had different entrees, I went with the veal saltimbocca and it did not disappoint. There's something about ordering fresh veal at an Italian restaurant. The only minor letdown with this was the Chianti sauce that it was served with, while good, was not nearly as amazing as that vodka sauce in the prior course. The other folks I was with ordered the branzino, the lamb Romano, and the linguine Adriatic - everyone spoke highly of what they ordered and said they would be happy to come back. 

Overall, an enjoyable and authentic Italian dining experience. I definitely would recommend.
Tuesday night in June.

Restaurant is not crowded at all, just a few patrons in.  The service was highly attentive, unobtrusive and helpful, between the waitress and busser. They've got it down to a smooth operation, which is great because it mirrors the quality of the food and the quiet comfort of the interior. 

The salmon carpaccio antipasti was a full plate of fanned salmon covering a slightly citrus hinting sauce, with arugula and capers on top. Clean, pungent and with just right creaminess in the salmon this was a smile making start to dinner.

My father had the lamb shank which was, as other Yelpers have said, fall off the bone done. Really full of flavor and shorn of unnecessary fattiness, served over rice (arborio?) and with the clear stock. Perfect. Really, which was surprising given that it is summer. Great job, chef.

My linguini adriatica had plenty of shellfish over al dente linguini that had just the right bit of bite and thickness, and it was perfect with the white wine sauce. The broth seemed to have gone through a sieve ir chinoise, and it smelled like the beach on a clear morning. 

Finishing up, I had one of the better tiramisus I've had in quite a while. It tasted so much better than it looks, not that it looked bad, but in all its airy chocolateness I didn't expect that wow taste from that 'eh' looking dessert.

Only low note: coffee was a bit thin.

Otherwise, a definite return to spot, with bottles of wine in tow.
We've now made a second trip to Trattoria's and it was as good as it was the first time, and the service was even more smooth.  Four entrees, four salads, and when they heard one of us was celebrating a birthday, there was a candle in the dessert, too.  I know two of us ate vegetarian pasta and two of us did not.  (I'm writing this a couple of weeks after the fact, so forgive the lack of detail.)  I know all four of us were totallllly happy with our meals.

Everybody I know who has been here has said the same thing.  Support them!  Visit!  You won't regret it.
I had high hopes for my dinner given the write up on the website- housemade pasta, bread and sausage.  I started off with the grilled octopus. It had clearly been grilled a while before being served.  While it was tender, it was hardly grilled.  The dressing was supposed to be lime vinaigrette.  It tasted like bottled French dressing.  When I asked the waiter about it, he said tonight it was being served with orange vinaigrette.  (Huh?).  The second course was oriecchiete  (so?) with broccoli rabe and housemade chicken sausage.  The greens sure looked like spinach, the pasta and tomatoes were over cooked but the sausage was passable.  And housemade bread??? I don't think so.  Wallpaper paste.

So, for a weeknight neighborhood dinner, it works but it didn't live up to my 4+ stars expectations.
One my absolute favorite Italian restaurants not just uptown but in Philly period. Everything is made fresh and in house and the pasta melts in your mouth! It's BYOB so I love that feature. So many restaurants have great wine lists but they're overpriced when you could buy the same bottle in a shop for half the price! It's very small and intimate and I recommend making a reservation. On Tuesdays they have a great 4 course menu for a fixed price which to me is a great intro to the restaurant and it's menu. Please go, I guarantee a wonderful experience.
We enjoyed our dinner here. The menu features unique offerings that you won't find in a family-style Italian restaurant. Expect a more intimate setting and an upscale cuisine that is great for a date night.

The seafood special with red wine pasta, burrata appetizer special, and everything else was delicious!

My one suggestion would be that the portions are a bit on the smaller side for some items. We didn't expect massive plates, but for the price the veal dish in particular, while tasty, we felt could have been a bit more generous.
Very mediocre restaurant, would not be back.
First, we waited for about 5 minutes at the entrance but no one came to greet us, my s.o. had to go to the front to let the staff now that we're here. We had a very awkward table, with cords on the floor. The restaurant is small and really loud, so we couldn't hear each other. 
We ordered bolognese, which was ok, but nothing special (my s.o. said that my bolognese is way better). I got linguine Adriatic which I didn't like. The pasta itself was very weird and very undercooked (I know it has to be al dente, but it was still another minute-two to al dente), half of my mussels were closed, so I couldn't eat it, and the pasta overall seemed very dry (even that there was a lot of sauce). Also, the portions were pretty small. 
In the end of our dinner I realized I'm having an allergy reaction to smth I don't even know (I eat this pasta all the time and was always ok). 
Overall, we wouldn't be back. There are 2 other Italian restaurants which are way better.
Had a spectacular meal here last night during their Sunday special--4 courses for $35, if you pay in cash. It's not like a chef's tasting menu where you are surprised by what comes out of the kitchen; you can choose all of your courses right off the menu. We went with:

First course: cozze e vongole (mussels and clams) in a fra diavolo sauce, and an arugula salad with goat cheese. Both very tasty. Make sure you still have some of the bread they bring to the table or ask for more if you get the mussels--perfect for dipping. 

Second course: Truffle ravioli and Spaghetti Nero (squid ink pasta). All of the pasta here is housemade, and it's lovely. You can't go wrong with anything, but these two dishes were spectacular. The pasta Adriatico (like a pescatore) also looked amazing. 

Third course: Branzino and osso buco over risotto. I *loved* the branzio--they got a kind of char on it to make it slightly smokey. The osso buco was also very nice and reminded me the way my mother makes it. 

Dessert: cannoli and tiramisu, both very good. 

Service was attentive, friendly, and efficient. They opened up our wine for us (it's a BYOB) so we could get started on it promptly, and they brought out each course exactly when you would expect it. 

Great spot all around.
Amazing food, great service. Literally BEST Italian good in the area. Also byob- can't miss this spot. Nick was incredible! We will totally be back! order the gnocchi if you're a fab... it's amazing
We went for my.birthday, which should tell you something about how I feel about this restaurant. Our waiter, Nick, took great care of us (as usual) as did our waitress, always at the ready with fresh ground pepper. But the food... my God, the food! This chef knows his chemistry! Homemade chicken sausage with goat cheese, over broccoli rabe and sprinkled with pomegranate. Homemade fettuccine with pesto, sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. YUM! My husband had the homemade gnocchi and loved it (he's half Italian, so knows his food)!

Love it so much had second (selfish) thoughts about writing a review as I don't want to have a hard time getting a table!
A Saturday evening dinner at Trattoria Moma for six (two high school juniors and two couples) was delightful and fun.  The server (Thank you, Jen!) was attentive, friendly and helpful in guiding us through the menu and the specials. She was ready to uncork our wine and she brought out champagne glasses when we were ready to make a toast over some champagne.

The food came promptly and there was something for everyone, including the three vegetarians and the others.  The pasta was done perfectly ("al dente") and the side of broccoli rabé was seasoned with the right amount of garlic.

Make your reservation several days in advance as it can be crowded on a Saturday evening; despite the numbers of people, the noise level in that intimate space was reasonable.  We'll definitely come back.
This was our second time eating at Trattoria Moma and we liked it as much as the first time.  The menu has many great choices, the food is very high quality, fresh and extremely well prepared and the service is very attentive and friendly.  The place is very cosy and comfortable, but the decor on the walls could be better.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a great neighborhood byob.
First of all, I see some people complaining about the portion sizes- I thought they were about expected (if not on the larger side, for the pastas) considering it's an upscale restaurant. 

Secondly, I visited this restaurant for the first time tonight- I'm a chef and a food snob- & it's one of my new favorite places to eat in Philadelphia. The appetizer special was an especially creative twist on the burrata & cured meat plate, served with blackberries, fig jam & salmon roe. I loved it, and will be back as soon as possible for more.
I'm currently eating vegan so when I saw the menu I didn't really see anything I could eat. This was not a problem for them. My waitress was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu. She suggested gluten-free pasta (made without egg) and vegetables in a red sauce. The wait seemed long but It was really good. If you are vegan and happen to stop here, know that there is something you can eat and enjoy.
My husband and I enjoyed our time there last night. The food was good and it's BYOB! I ordered the artichoke with the crab meat and bread crumbs as an appetizer and the lamb shank over Risotto for the entree. Even though the food tasted well, I felt that the appetizer could of used a bit more crabmeat. However, the lamb shank was perfectly cooked, meat was falling off the bone tender! I will definitely return to this place for dinner.
Unfortunately, we've had poor service here on more than one occasion- which is a bit odd since it's a small establishment.  Their pasta was good but nothing to write home about.
Holy cow what a night. We chose Trattoria Moma for our FIRST night out after our son was born due to its reputation and (let's be honest) proximity to our house so we could run back if anything went wrong but when we walked around the side yard of the restaurant and pulled up our outdoor seats I feel like we were transported to a destination. All of the food was exquisite and we were truly taken care of throughout the night even with our late 8:30 reservation. I cant wait to come back for another date night soon!
It was excellent tonight. We have been here before but tonight it was spectacular! We had the wild boar special and it was the best boar/pork we've had forever. The buratta with eggplant was outstanding. Our server was very attentive and nice.  Please stop by and enjoy!!
Food is AMAZING... Mushroom Ravioli is to die for... lava cake was fabulous... wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive. One of the best places we've been in ages. Definitely planning to make this a regular stop.
