They make a pretty mean mole.

After having been here a few times, I'm a fan.  The prices are excellent, the staff is nice (and they are used to putting up with lots of rude customers) and the food stands up.  They definitely make concessions for vegetarians and vegans and I really like their al pastor.

BYO, cash, card and LEVEL UP which definitely gives you a healthy variety of payment options.  I promise that if you get the chicken mole burrito and you're still hungry, your appetite is not human.

Give it a shot, just watch out on Friday/Saturday nights for the 30 deep college party that shows up looking to turn the place into a frat house.
Food is ok. Nothing to write home about. 

One star for their terribly rude delivery driver last night. This man gave me major attitude about wanting a dollar back for change. I wanted to give him $14 on a $10.80 order. Since when is a three dollar tip not enough? Anyways, I couldn't believe this man's audacity! To start shaking his head and mumbling under his breath because I wanted a dollar back? Sorry bro, that burrito was not worth $15, not even the $14 I did end up spending. So, thanks to your delivery driver, I will NEVER order from you again! Thanks
Abysmal customer service. Got ripped off by this place and left hungry. Strongly discourage parting with even a penny here.
I am so sad and disappointed today. Tres Jalapeños used to be one of my favorite Mexican spots here in Philly. I always recommended it to friends and family. Today, I ordered delivery and, after waiting three hours, they told me it would be at least 25 more minutes...and still expected me to pay for it! They didn't even offer me a discount. If this is how they treat a loyal customer, then they just lost one.
Food was not the best priced or tasting for the area. Vegetarian options are plentiful, and delivery is fast.

Only order here if you have no cash and need to use a card or motivation to walk to somewhere better.
All I have to say is how can you not adore a place that delivers food and phone cards!?!

Yet another wonderful Yelp recommended experience.  I had fish tacos and sweet plantains delivered to my door.  The tilapia was well seasoned, and adorned with fresh onions and cilantro.  The plaintains were f'in amazing, melt in your mouth, yummy goodness.

Extra props for online ordering and accepting credit cards.  This could easily become a habit.
This is as good as it gets for Mexican food delivered. Los Jalapeños has become a Sunday night ritual. My weekend isn't complete without it.

When it comes to "Los Jal's" I stick to my standard - the guacamole burrito, wet in the mole or red sauce. It's 2lbs of burrito holiness, delivered to your door in 45 minutes or less (typically 20-30). 

Everything I've had from here - the fish tacos, cheese enchiladas, taco salads, tortilla soup - has all been delicious, cheap and delivered fast. Best of all the woman who normally answers the phone for them is the friendliest person I've ever ordered from. It really starts the week off right.
This is amazing; the food is off the hook!!!! They delivery came super fast (maybe 25 minutes), and we were in for an amazing treat.  We ordered the super quesadilla and a pork plantain burrito.  SO good!  The salsa was some of the best I've ever had (btw all the condiments were huge, go for the small size unless you need a soup bowl full).  Overall - a real gem.
First let me say that I am I white girl from New Jersey. Second let me say that I can make WAY better Mexican food than this and it wouldn't be nearly as expensive!

Suck it Los Jalapenos! Suck it hard because $15 for a chimichanga platter the likes of which you had provided me is unjust! Let's rewind a bit...

I had a crappy day at work, didn't get breakfast or lunch and got rained on. Not fun. So I finally get home and I'm like, "Gee Whiz! I would really like some Mexican food and to watch Hoarders, that will make it all better!" So I  go to GrubHub and see Los Jalapenos allows you to order online. GREAT! I ordered a chimichanga platter and some flan, figuring that I'd have left-overs for lunch tomorrow.I paid online via credit card and tipped online as well.

WELL, it DID come rather quickly and I now know why - when I took the bag from the delivery muchacho it felt like nothing was in it! I looked at the guy and said 'um, this is it?' He said 'Si" and asked me for a tip. I told him I paid online and showed him on the bill he brought with him where there was a tip added. So he asked me again for a tip. I said "Um, I DID tip you and need I point out that your restaurant is hardly 2 blocks away. I can see it right now. Mira, me amigo, mira." He shrugged, I shrugged, we decided our relationship was over and I went inside.

When I opened the Styrofoam package and looked at what $15 had bought me, it was a dismal site. The chimichangas, no lie, could both fit in the palm of my hand. No Lie. I was like "WTF." There wasn't even much to them, bland shredded cheddar and chicken. The rice and beans were bland and they didn't give you very much at all. The flan was not too bad but I've had WAY WAY WAY better for much less (Taco Riendo, mmmm).

So listen, this is B.S. Say NO to Jalapenos! Jalapenos was like going on a blind date, spending a lot of money and then finding out that like...the person has crabs and a personality disorder. Can you tell I'm bitter?
i dont even like mexican food. but this is all kinds of yummy. cheap and delivered to my door, even tho it would only take seconds to walk there. lazy, i know. but if the delivery is free, why not? so fresh and tasty. doesnt even feel bad for ya. i get the mushroom quesadilla. my son gets the jumbo chicken. love, love , love. thanks to my friend and neighbor, jose' for opening my eyes to the goodness!
I made pre order for delivery at 6 PM through grubhub and the food came early to my surprise. I was dreading for late delivery after reading many  delivery issues by other yelpers.

Food is still hot. Tacos al pastor is loaded with meat. My husband really enjoyed it.

A must get at this place is plantains with condensed milk as dessert. However this time the plantains are hard and not sweet at all because it's not ripe. That's why I took a star down
We decided to branch out and try a new place on grubhub to satisfy the Mexican craving on a Friday night.  I had heard good things about Tres Jalapenos and despite the mixed reviews here we gave it a try. Now it may become our go-to place for Mexican deliciousness.

E was pumped to see sweet plantains on the menu so we got those plus the chips w/ salsa and guac.  At $7.50 I had serious reservations about the chips etc but I wanted to get the true feel of the place and it was payday.  They were, to their credit, really excellent.  The chips were freshly-fried strips of fresh tortillas, dark golden brown and freakin perfect.  The fresh salsa was excellent and quite spicy- heat lovers will not be disappointed.  The guac was good but had a little too much cilantro for my taste (some people like it, some people not so much).  That said, I still ate a bunch. 

We were both in a burrito mood so he went with the chicken mole burrito and I got the al pastor without cheese or sour cream.  I wrote my special request in english and spanish and they did not fail to honor it, which made me super happy. If you need to, use google translate.  I highly recommend this method.  There was an option to get them "wet"... which just made us think of drugs and we had a good laugh but did not try this "wet" option.  What does that mean?

The burritos are enormous and I shamefully ate the entire thing. I couldn't stop myself.  It was the best combination of tender flavorful pork, not fatty at all with lots of super crispy bits and caramelized pineapple blended perfectly with the beans, rice, and pico.  So goddamn good.  I want another one now.  Ely ate most of his, almost the entire box of sweet plantains (which was large, incredibly delicious if somewhat greasy, and so worth $3), and almost all of the guac.  He never gets this excited about mexican food.

I really want to give them 4.5 stars because it was a little pricey for the typical Mexican takeout.  Our total was $30 after tax and could have easily gotten up to $40 if we had gotten drinks and slightly pricier items (burritos are among the cheapest).  However, I feel their mixed reputation on here is an injustice to their amazing food so 5 stars it is.  It was also fast, around 30 minutes on a Friday night.  Looking forward to ordering again!
This place is phenomenal. I've had it mostly for delivery but have dined in once. The food is so good. I've had everything from soup, to tacos, burritos, even a dessert called sopapillas.

It's cheap, super fast (whether for delivery or even when dining in the restaurant) and just delicious. That's really all there is to it.

And with that said, craving some.
There is a single table in this restaurant. 
There is a single hole in the floor.
The hole is the size of a single chair leg.

This place gets a single star.
I'm going plantain loco now after eating the pork and plantain burrito with guacomole added at this take out/delivery eatery.  
now i'm making tostones left and right just to try to get them out of my head after eating it.   It is sooo good, and really enough for 2 meals (though i just can't stop, and eat it in 1).

It gets 5 stars since I can call an order, walk there, and usually walk in just as my order is ready.  The people are very nice.  You can pick up various mexican foods for any fiesta you might be having, and I'm going to go back to get that burrito again, and again.
Ok. I confess. I went here TWICE this weekend.

Thursday I had the pork and plantain-mmmmm

Then Saturday I had the guac with added plantain. mmmmm After 6 Magic Hats it tasted like pure heaven.

I don't know what they do but they do it right. The people are nice and honestly, the burritos are crazy good.

I grew up eating burritos and tacos and this place is honestly, my FAVORITE in the whole wide world right now.
I might have given 3 stars but sorry, dos stars for you

Here are my two bad experiences

1.  I ordered a burrito for pickup.  It was like a 9$ burrito so I was hoping for something seriously good since it came with nothing else.  I picked it up at the store and asked if I could get a couple chips and salsa to go with it.  The guy said, "sure, they're 2.50."  After telling him no way, I took my dinner and went home.  

The burrito was big but after I bit into it, I realized it didn't have a ton of taste so I splashed a ton of hot sauce on it and turned it into an overpriced taco bell burrito supreme.

2.  Hunger monster was on the prowl and Mexican sounded good so I took my wife here hoping to have a better experience.  She ordered the taco salad and I ordered the tacos.  Both dishes weren't cheap.  The tacos were almost flavorless and rice was dry.  Luckily Chalula saved me.  My wife's taco salad was fairly tasteless and not very big.  She only ate half so I tried a bit and just didn't feel like finishing it...

No thanks.
All of the ingredients were there but it just didn't work for me at all. Shrimp tacos had way to much onion & cilantro. Easy enough to deal with when silverware is provided. Filling and good just nothing special. 
Music was great. Salsa bottles on the tables should be wiped clean.
I can't deny the great reviews from others.  There's just better Mexican food experiences to be had.
The food here is delicious.  I'm a fan of the fried plantains and the chorizo tacos.  So nomz.

They have a SUPER BIG delivery area.  I mean they're deep in south Philly and will come up to Center City.
I usually order delivery so when i went in to pick up my order and got snotty ass service from the girl working behind the counter.( i knocked off one star)
The fish tacos are pretty legit , i am concerned that each time i order they get more and more expensive. Its my go too taco place in the city and to avoid the snotty ass chica that works at the counter ill go back to delivery.
I ate here for a celebration, which had an "all you can eat" option for $14 apiece. I don't think that's a wise idea because my friends felt compelled to eat as much as they could. For me, one plate of food was tasty and filling enough. Sometime too much of a good thing is too much, especially with Mexican food.

I am particular about my Mexican food, especially having lived in a Mexican neighborhood in Chicago with a taqueria on every corner. The food was good, the atmosphere was casual and comfortable, and I had a great time. It was BYOB, which was great. We brought tequila (among other drinks) and they mixed up margherita ingredients.
BEST MEXICAN FOOD that I've found in the city.

I've tried a variety of items from the menu and I can honestly say I've yet to be disappointed.  The chips and salsa are a must. The salsa is great and they give you a large serving of everything.
After obsessively reading the reviews for this place for a good few weeks, I bribed my boyfriend to trudge through the snow to get us some of their burritos. We did the "buy three, get one free" deal and bought two pork and plantain burritos, one portobello and one chorizo.

Night #1: We both devoured the pork and plantain burritos. Yes, they are as large as Chipotle's burritos... inside, however, it's like a whole new universe... of awesomeness. Unlike Chipotle the ingredients inside are mixed together and cooked to perfection. I want to marry the person who was brilliant enough to throw some plantains in a burrito. I don't know why it works so well. It just does.

(Side note: I googled "plantain burrito" and a result came up for a sad fellow looking for a plantain burrito in NYC. Ha! Something Philly has that NYC doesn't! I'm certain there's not a single restaurant in all of New York that carries this delicious combination.)

Night #2: We warmed up the remaining guys and split them. The portobello/onion burrito was just all right. There wasn't much flavor, and we were out of sauce. As for the chorizo, I couldn't even finish it. The meat was all gristle, and it was way too greasy. Like, Southern style "greazy" greasy. To be fair, it may have had something to do with leaving it in the fridge overnight and warming it in the microwave.
Ordered take out for myself and my cousin while visiting Philly. First off, we had real trouble deciding what to get because everything was enticing. With that said, we ordered waaaay too much. We split an order of chips and guac, as well as the queso fundido. Both were great. Since it was delivered, the queso was lukewarm, but that's our bad for ordering something that needs to be hot. I also ordered a green sauce covered chorizo burrito and I believe she went with fajitas. I can say the burrito was just as good the next day for breakfast. And there was nothing left of her fajitas, so.. 

The delivery time was originally quoted for over a full hour, but it didn't actually take more than 30 minutes at dinner time on a Thursday night. Everything in our order was correct, though I felt like we ran out of chips quickly - that would be my only complaint. I'm not local, but I know she will be ordering again because she is addicted to Mexican food.
This is one of those places that I am reluctant to Yelp about because it's so good I don't want it to become too popular. I have been here twice: once for dinner for a friend's birthday and once for brunch on a Sunday. 

Friend's birthday we received free margarita mix and the food was cheap and amazing. The restaurant wasn't too crowded and by the end of the night people were playing poker and relaxing. 

For brunch we received complimentary margaritas and the food, again was amazing.  The brunch items were mexican style- beans, chorizo, fried eggs. Both times the staff and service were great.
I write this review still full from my dinner last night . . . and I brought half of it home.  If I had to pick my favorite restaurant genre, BYO Mexican would probably be it, so needless to say I was thrilled when Tres Jalapenos opened.  

The decor feels like a fiesta themed backyard party . . . which is totally ok in my book.  We went on Tuesday, which turned about to be Taco Tuesday, unlimited tacos for 12.99.  Take that Distrito.  

We started with their homemade chips and guac.  We got three orders of the chips, they were thin and delightful.  I opted for the burrito - it was massive and flavorful, with just the right amount of kick (but never fear the table is stocked with Cholula if you need a little more).  

Our bill total for two: 27.00.  Can't beat that.
Yum! Yum!

This tiny grocery has no seating, but I can tell you that I know burritos, and their pork and plantain burrito is very delicious. Very. Delicious. And you can pick up some plantains for frying up later, too. Among my top places for burritos, and I've been to about 20 different places in the city, just to try burritos. You can eat them in the park nearby, or they deliver!
THIS PLACE RULES.

Awesome guac burritos and amazing bean gorditas.  Delivery? awesome.  Staff?  Super friendly and no language barriers at all.  How come nobody has mentioned their salsa yet though?  I honestly think it's my favorite all time.  Definitely check this place out.
This is the best place to order Mexican food from! Don't go the GrubHub route because GH is the worst - pro tip: is to order from their website. The website is so much quicker and more reliable.  They are not only speedy, but their food is also delicious.

I've gotten the quesadillas and taco salad and I can vouch that they are dope as hell. But, my coworkers love the California chicken tacos and the pineapple and pork burrito.

This is our go-to to order from in the office. I've never dined in, but I'm sure it is even better!

My one qualm is that we said no sour cream in the burrito and they didn't listen :/ (minor/petty, but still annoying)!!!
Still laughing at the taco "salad" I got from here (in a good way!) Ordered from UberEats a grilled shrimp salad in the edible taco bowl, chicken flautas, and a Jarrito of course.

The flautas were good, but not nearly as good as Rosy's Taco Bar. The salad was something else, though. I had went into the night planning on eating somewhat healthy, expecting a nice bed of roughage with a protein on top, and what I got was a soccer ball sized foil package containing a steamy, crunchy edible taco bowl, clearly fresh out of the oven, filled to the brim with gorgeous, plump jumbo shrimp with grill marks and about a cup and a half of mixed Mexican shredded cheese...oh, and some shredded lettuce buried somewhere underneath all of that.

If you're looking for a Sweetgreen salad, this ain't it chief. But one cheesy shrimpy bite atop a crunchy section of taco bowl and you won't care.
Online order, 3 enchiladas with green sauce, rice and beans. The chicken in the enchiladas was flavorful and filling, and the beans and rice were both tasty. While I ordered green sauce, there was barely any sauce on the dish, instead just a GIANT plop of sour cream, which kinda took away from the flavor. Couldn't even find the green sauce for the first half of my bites. Fitting in the platter, the rice and beans portion was pretty small too, also covered in sour cream. No frills, but had late delivery so I was bound to try it at some point.
This place is great authentic Mexican food.  Reasonably priced and tasty.  The tacos are some of the best in the city.
OMG. I'm dying. The pork (carnitas) and plantain burrito was one of the best things I've eaten in quarantine...and it feels like I've eaten EVERYTHING! The carnitas was moist and flavorful, the plantains weren't overly sweet and had the perfect toothy texture, and everything else let these ingredients shine. I can't wait to try more from Tres Jalapeños!
I've ordered food from this location a few times, it's not my first choice for mexican food but sometimes my first (or second) choice isn't available... Yesterday happened to be one of those days. 
Despite my delivery coming pretty quickly, my food arrived already cold, my order of plantains were severely dry and overcooked and seemed to have been reheated on more than one occasion, the nachos looked like a bowl of dog food and the steak tacos were completely lacking flavor (despite being drowned in onions in cilantro). 

I would have been willing to overlook all of this as just a bad choice on my behalf and kept this review to myself had I not almost broken a tooth when biting into one of the tacos. Upon spitting out the offending morsel of food I was completely disgusted to find a piece of metal IN MY TACO. I have no idea what this is from or why someone would continue to assemble and serve a taco with a large piece of hard metal enclosed. I was highly disgusted and proceeded to throw everything into the trash after this. 
I will never eat here again.
Delicious enchiladas! Fantastic service! Family friendly, relaxed dining room. Great music! The plantains were filling, yummy, and plentiful. Green enchiladas lived up to their hype. What a great little neighborhood place!
Ok, well I moved around the corner from this place a few months ago. A friend told me they had the jam as far as take out mexican goes, and they were understating the hell out of the place! I love their tortas, (chorizo or al pastor), burritos (shrimp and mango, steak and cactus, al pastor or any of them!) and the guac is awesome. Try the ground beef nachos, and definitely try the pico. Some of the best I have ever had. The fresh juice drinks are amazing, served cool, but with no ice nor additives, just squeezed juice. The tortilla soup is no joke. Also, a great little market to stop at if you want to make a meal at home and need some authentic items. Just last night I bought dried serrano peppers with some tomatillos for some homemade salsa. They were more then happy to help with suggestions on cooking on numerous occasions. The girl that works there is SUPER helpful. I have a huge place in my heart for good cheap mexican, and Los Jalapenos fills that void.
Definitely the best takeout Mexican I've ever had and much better than those chains like Chipotle, Qdoba, etc.  I tried the pork and plantain burrito based on the reviews here and it was awesome.  My girlfriend got the guac burrito and loved it.  We ordered some of the salsa to try, it was hot and tasty.  We also ordered some nachos, which came pretty soggy (I think it would be pretty hard to avoid) but they were tasty nonetheless with sour cream, fresh cilantro, refried beans, etc.  It will be a goto delivery place for us.
There is a charm about this place lol. It's super empty all the time. The food is decent. It's not memorable, but it's not bad either. Great service, BYO, they take credit card, and free chips and salsa if you're dining in. Wonderful place to just chill, drink, and eat Mexican food. Not bad!
Oh yeah. Some of the best hispanic food in the area.
I am kinda far but I will make the trip to eat those burritos!

The woman up front is super nice and efficient. They package everything really well (no place to sit but there's a park nearby)

We made it back to west philly and everything was still warm and freakin delicious! They have the green salsa, the smoky salsa and the pico. Warm chips. Plaintain and veggie burrito kills me!

I had the fish tacos which were decent but those burritos will blow you away.  They take card too.

Yee Haw!
AWFUL! 2 HOURS w/ no food delivery. The woman at restaurant kept telling us 5 mins. Then they stopped picking up out calls. We cancelled our order and got pizza instead...which was here in 20 mins.
I live on the street--I would NEVER order from here after seeing the way the employees handle themselves and that kitchen. 

The kitchen doors in the back alley are always open, allowing for roaches and god knows what else to come inside. I have never seen the staff wearing gloves, only drinking and playing dice in the back alley and worst of all is how incredibly RUDE these people are to their neighbors... 

This could be the best Mexican food in the city and I still would NEVER eat food from this place. Go to Blue Corn, which is probably a three minute walk from here... TEN TIMES BETTER!
My only regret is that I can't give six stars. Mexican is my very favorite food and this meal was heavenly. Pork and pineapple tacos with flour tortilla. I'm going out of town for work next week and I will be dreaming about this until I can eat it again. I might log in to grub hub from the plane when I land just so I can meet the delivery man at my front door. One of the most spectacular tacos I have ever tasted. Cali chicken tacos were fabulous as was the fresh guacamole. Nice fresh taste with just enough lime and cilantro. Pico de gallo nachos were good but it's hard to keep chips solid on delivery. I'm guessing these are better right out of the oven. The whole menu was tormenting. It's agony to decide between so many delicious options. It's a good problem I'm happy to solve again soon.
This is some wonderful authentic food! The staff is so warm and friendly! 

They recently renovated their indoor space and it looks great!!

The taco salad is top notch. The tacos are delicious. The platters are huge and the sauces are to die for.

Highly recommend for dine in and fast delivery!
I'm from California so I know it's hard to compare things, but, the vegetarian burrito (guacamole burrito) was just that. The pick de Gallo was thickly sliced and unappealing to the senses. Unfortunately, I will not be going back despite the fair prices. It's a no from me.
Oh my gosh!! I order the al pastor and it was absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed it. I ordered from Grubhub and the food is always delivered so quickly. I definitely order from this place a lot. I've also had their shrimp taco as well. That's another favorite of mine. I'm actually surprised they have such low reviews.
Best Mexican food in the city. Homemade tortillas are a game changer. If you haven't eaten here yet you are missing out. Pork and plantain burritos, taco salads, enchiladas verdes are 3 of my top go tos.
I like this this little spot. The food is fast and fresh, they stock every kind of Jarritos, and the staff is hilarious. They love chatting, and once insisted that my friend and I take candy bars. They used to have lots of funny general merchandise, like Fabuloso mixed in next to ginger ale, but I walked by yesterday and all the shelving was removed. They have signs up for hiring a hostess, I think its going to be less of a corner store and more of a corner restaurant. I crave tacos all of the time, so this could be very good for me.
If I could give zero stars I would. We ordered dinner today at 7:30 we were told that it would arrive at our place between 30 to 40 minutes. Its currently 9:15 and the food is no where to be found. I called 30 minutes ago to see where it was and I was told that it was on the way and would be there in 10 minutes. The woman on the phone did not ask for my name or number to identify my order. Just told me 10more minutes and hung up. This is ridiculous. I understand that today is cinco de mayo and you probably have a huge influx of orders but this is ridiculous and completely disrespectful. Not to mention that they are currently not picking up their phone for us to offer to drive over and pick up the food.


FAIL...I would not recommend this to anyone. I guess we're not having dinner tonight considering most takeout places will closing shortly.
Great Mexican food.  The look of this place does not do this place any justice.  The green enchiladas, the chimichanga platter, and tacos are all fantastic.  Definitely give this place a try for takeout.
I don't what everyone is talking about. I just ordered a veggie burrito, which i requested with guac and sour creme. For some reason it ended up being 10 dollars and managed to be one of the most tasteless burritos I've had. Their tacos aren't bad, I've had them before, but don't compare to those at Veracruzana and even the newly installed taco truck at 8th and washington. 

This is glorified cafeteria food (glorified in that they make an effort to provide veg dishes and allow you to order online).
We LOVE this BYOB. We have eaten there many times and gotten delivery and have always had a great meal. Reasonable prices and delicious food! 

They also have great specials-- on Mondays, bring your own bottle of tequila and they provide the ice and margarita mix! Not the greatest mix, but it is a cool, cheap alternative to a $12 drink somewhere else. They also have an all you can eat special one night. My friends and I always go here for a great meal.

The chips with homemade salsa and guacamole were great. They give you one free order for your table, but we just had to get more. I have had Steak and Eggs Ranchero for breakfast, and burritos, quasadillas and enchiladas. The meat is very tender and flavorful. 

The staff was great. We had a new waiter who didnt know everything about the menu but was very friendly and found everything out for us. The manager came over a few times to answer questions, check on us. Definitely give this place a try!
I had a really horrible experience last week.  I ordered a burrito to go, picked it up.  As I was eating it, I felt something that was not normally in a burrito and I pulled out a wire, much like a paper clip.  I immediately took it back.  While they refunded my money, I asked to speak with the owner and he refused to come out and hear my complaint personally.  Be very careful, there are so many wonderful Mexican places in the Italian market are, there is no need to endanger yourself and go to Tres Jalapenos!
I feel if your going to order any Mexican food, it should come from the corner on 4th & Moore. The food is fast, fresh, affordable, and delicious.I recommend getting the Chicken taco salad. The chicken is nice and tender, served over rice, with lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream if you like as well as guacamole. I love that the bowl is totally edible also. 

If your in South Philly definitely make a point to stop in an grab some amazing food! They also have a huge delivery area which is perfect!
Got that craving for a good burrito once again, and this was next on our list of places to try.  We took a drive down to south Philly and found the place no problem.  With more the look of a corner convenience store than a restaurant, selling random canned food and cleaning products in the front room, we had no idea what to expect.  The guy at the counter was friendly, took our order (accomodating our vegetarian diets) and told us it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I ordered the guacamole burrito, and my boyfriend the crispy tacos with rice and beans.  We returned with a few minutes to spare and the guy at the counter brought our food out to the car where we were waiting.  The food was excellent and authentic- good guacamole, good hot sauce - two essentials for mexican food.  The food could have perhaps been made even better with the addition of a few fresh jalapenos...as the name suggests, but other than that,  we were satisfied and will return.  Also good to note their delivery area is large- east to west - Front to Broad and north to south- Market to Oregon.
It's just that... it's meh and I've had better.

The ambiance is a bit underwhelming and the food was just OK. 

They do have decent service and food came out relatively fast as a positive footnote.  

Don't see my self returning as this neighborhood has tons of great Mexican places to stop by.
This place is great and usually they are super fast in making the food.  It's bodega-style Mexican food and super delicious at that.  You can eat sit-down in the restaurant but most people seem to take out.  Great to have in the neighborhood!
After a few delivery experiences, I can tell you this: My steady burrito is the pork and plantain. Voices, if you're askin, I'm tellin. That's the dish to get. 
Burrito details: It's a flour tortilla stuffed with shredded pork, fried plantains, pico de gallo, cheese, and rice n beans. Dig that combination of savory pork and sweet fried plantains. I always ask for extra side salsas too, but of course, I tend to be an extra salsa type.
If i could this place a 0 I would. It is over priced non-authentic mexican food. I went in for 3 carne asada tacos, the total was $11.50! No rice or beans just 3 small tacos. I will never be returning. I highly recommend La Veracruzana.
Simple & Delicious

Tres Jalapenos has succeeded in offering an affordable, fresh, healthy option for lunch or dinner. Nothing on the menu is over $14, but everything is fresh and prepared to order. The fajidas and the shrimp burrito are both killer.  They seem to do a variety of attractive specials, like Margarita Monday.  The decor is clean, if not inspiring. Lunch with a date for $20...no brainer.
Ordered take out. Very quick and cheap. Had the green chilie enchiladas and the steak tacos. Enchiladas were decent but tacos were lackluster. They gave a huge amount of guacamole but it needed salt. The orange hot sauce was very spicy and tangy- good stuff. The green one was also good.
Have eaten here twice.  First time i got enchiladas mole, which were pretty good, not great.  I have yet to encounter a truly amazing mole sauce, and wasn't really expecting to be blown away by theirs, but it was still good.  Also opted for a slice of tres leches cake, which was a bit disappointing.  Granted, I've never had tres leches cake before, but what I got was just a slightly dry sponge cake with the kind of frosting that leaves a residue in your mouth.  

Then I came for all-you-can-eat taco Tuesday.  $13.95 and you get as many orders of 3 tacos as you can cram down your gullet.  Plus, if you can't finish your last round, you can always take it home, so go for the gold!  I managed to scarf down 14 before I had to throw in the towel, and take home my lonely and shameful 1 taco.  I came with a large group, 7 people, so beware, it make take a while for your orders if you're all doing all-you-can-eat.  By the time we got settled and placed our orders, we only had about an hour of taco eating time.  I hear tell that the record is 24 tacos... that is, until I return to crush it.  Mark my words.  You get your choice of 3 different preparations (crunch shell, flour tortilla, corn tortilla, each w/ diff. toppings) and several diff. meat options, along with bean and portabello for all you veggies out there.  Not the best tacos I've had, but clearly good enough for me to gorge myself on over a dozen of them at one time.

Bonus points for being a BYO!
Free chips & salsa for starters.  One friendly waitress who also was the only bus person too.

Good rock / modern folk Mexican music played over sound system.

Excellent tangy verde sauce over the stuffed white chicken burrito - delicioso.

Mole wasn't flavorful.

Pricing is more like $1/2 - $$.  BYOB.  Good for groups.
I must say that I really enjoyed the 2 delicious burritos hi that were delivered last night at 2 in the morning in rittenhouse square. They really made my night. Both the carne asada with peppers and onions and the pastor with pineapple were both very good filling and left me feeling satisfied. This is my first order from the place but I would like to go there in person in some point and enjoyed their hospitality when covid is has cleared up a bit.
We ordered here for lunch bc one of my colleagues was buying. This wasn't my first choice by a long shot but who am I to turn down some free food? I'm somewhat tempted to share a half-eaten pizza slice on the sidewalk corner with the pigeons should one cross my path. 

Anecdotes from friends (when I say friends, I mean friend) indicate this place may or may not include "metal piece" in their ingredients list. Nevertheless, hanger overtook me that faithful Friday afternoon and against my better judgment, I participated in the order.

Word on the street is that the guac burrito is to fucking die. Also, there's an option to have it served completely drenched in a sauce of your choice (red, green, or mole...not that I know what any of those options mean). Bc of #diet2018 I went with the next best thing of taco bowl with veggies and obviously, a side of guac.

The food finally came. My taco "salad"s physical appearance was not exactly appealing but I was fucking starving to death so dug in. This place is the same style of Mexican as Taco Bell however Taco Bell does it better. The veggie component of the taco salad was nothing to write home about, I actually was unsure about the boundaries of different ingredients because it was all like one mush of shit on top of a thin layer of refried beans that was more like a paste, all overlying a substance I could visually identify as rice. The fried taco shell was delicious as is anything that is fried, especially carbs. 

The one saving grace of this shit was the guac which was delicious but how do you fuck up guac?

Anyways, it was cheap and a ton of fucking food. I was full for HOURS. I was actually too full to even run when I left work and had to wait a while, I was STILL full at that point. Cramps galore. 

I was pretty meh about this place until precisely 22 hours after consumption when the events that unfolded inside my lower GI tract could accurately be equated with hurricane maria rolling over puerto rico. I was one step away from needing IV fluids to maintain my intravascular volume status. I can't say for sure that this place was the culprit because none of my colleagues were sick to my knowledge but the timeline is right. 

Anyways, I'll probably skip this place in the future.
Wanna wait 5 hours for delivery of mediocre food and have items missing?  Tres Jalepenos is your place!  Its also really great when their phones won't work so you can't cancel the order or get a refund. Don't waste your time. There are places with significantly better food and infinitely better business models
I consistently get good delivery from them - usually pretty quick. My go to are the taco salads and they're so good and come in a huge tortilla shell - very filling or can split it.
Honestly I don't know what's up with these other ratings. This place is authentic asf and with that comes maybe slightly slower service but if you've ever traveled abroad you understand this. Their food is excellent I don't know why this place has the ratings it has. Highly recommend for authentic Mexican food, and we eat out constantly and have palettes you can trust. Definitely go here. (FYI they're byob so bring your tequila and margarita mix! If you forget your mix, DiBruno bottle shop is nearby and has it!).
I agree that it was the best Mexican I've had in the city so far. My boyfriend and I split the famous Pork and Plantain burrito, and the Shrimp (sautéd w/ garlic red peppers) platter. Both were absolutely delicious, and though I was completely stuffed by the last bite, I still wish I had more to enjoy- it was that good! 

Tasty, reasonably priced and great portions- What more can you ask for?  Definitely look forward to going back and eating in the nearby Dickinson Sq park.
The details listed above are for their OLD LOCATION. At their NEW LOCATION AT THIS ADDRESS, they have tons of space! It's GREAT FOR GROUPS, they have WAITER SERVICE, TAKE RESERVATIONS and it's BYO. If you bring tequila, they'll hook you up with salt and some awesome margarita mix. 

I had a party of 12, called a few days in advance, and they accommodated both us and several other groups in their dining room that same evening. The ambience is relaxed, the waiters were attentive without being bothersome and the food was, as always excellent. Best of all, we felt comfortable hanging out for hours and no one bothered us. AND they don't have TV's and keep the music fairly low - we could all actually hear each other but since it's so group friendly we didn't feel like we were bothering anyone if we did get a little loud. 

Highly recommended for groups!
The place is tucked in a corner of a small convenient store. But don't let the appearance fool you...their pineapple & pork tacos (earlier I said burritos, but i meant tacos) are so delicious. Prepared the way it should be...double corn tortilla, chopped onions, and cilantro.
Ok so I couldn't resist - I went back for dinner on Sunday as well.

The chicken mole burrito is very good, with just the right amount of cocoa-y-spic-y sauce and some tender grilled. 

Gorditas are fairly good.  They're compact, tasty, and dry - but not in an unpleasant way.  I would like to take a few of these hiking with me. 

I'm sticking by 5 stars.
the salsa is SO GOOD, make sure you get it. i'm vegan so i checked to see if their beans were cooked in or with any animal products and they said no. the burrito is huge and i can't finish it. very rad.
holy crap, am i jazzed about this joint!!

see, my bff has been crazy raving about this place for ....well, for several months, at the very least. me? i was the naysayer! saying nay, as i am loyal to la lupe! i am loyal! i do not stray, with my taco loving, sopes eating ways.....

well. all that has changed. i strayed! i couldn't help it!

i started out with the green enchiladas, and was stoked. unbelievably fucking stoked. good beans? hell yes. good rice, that ain't goopy or dry? hell to the yes!

i am making el hubbo try them tonight. convert, ahoy!
I ordered from here thinking that I was ordering from Los Jalapenos. The ordering, delivery time was great. However, the food...not so much. First off, my al pastor tacos came in flour tortilla, topped with sour cream and shredded cheese. What the hell...I was expecting authentic, double corn tortilla wrapped, chopped onions, cilantros. The flan was too egg-y...too firm and tasteless that we took one bite and threw out the rest.
I have been here about 4 or 5 times.  I, too, thought that my friends & I were the only ones who knew about this hidden gem!  I like that the interior of the restaurant is no fuss and simple.  It is definitely the kind of place where you might walk in and think, "the food can't possibly be any good here"....but, oh, you would be mistaken!  

It's a BYO, so bring your tequila and they will promptly have margarita mixers and glasses on your table before you even have to ask!  Very accommodating! 

The food is delicious!  I'm serious - my friends & I have been all over the menu...and each thing on there is consistently, simply good.  The chips, guacamole, and salsa are great (although, I have had better guacamole).  I've had the chicken fajitas (yum), the skirt steak quesadilla (even more yummy), the enchiladas (great), and the burritos - get it wet, it's good.  Their food isn't very spicy - I guess that's my only complaint!

The food is really good, and well priced!  Tres Jalapenos is a great place to go to with a group of friends - they don't care if you're loud - in fact, I think they encourage it!
Went there on a Friday night with some Yelp friends. I was not very excited based on the crowd: besides us it was mostly large groups of college kids. Also, the menu was just a small brochure that looked like it was made in Photoshop.

However, the salsa and chips and the guacamole were both quite good. Reading on Yelp, it seemed like getting a burrito "wet" was the way to go. Looking for a vegan option I ordered a guacamole burrito without cheese and sour cream wet with with mole sauce which was the helpful suggestion of a member of our party.

It was fantastic. The mole taste was really good. I saved half for the next day and it made for a great leftover.

Pleasantly surprised, I would happily go again and order the exact same thing.
These nachos taste like someone spilled a stale beer on them. Inedible. How do you mess up nachos like this??

Incredibly fast delivery, so 2 stars.
I made pre order for delivery at 6 PM through grubhub and the food came early to my surprise. I was dreading for late delivery after reading many  delivery issues by other yelpers.

Food is still hot. Tacos al pastor is loaded with meat. My husband really enjoyed it.

A must get at this place is fried plantains with condensed milk as dessert. There are a lot of slices of plantains in one portion so it's perfect for sharing.
The delivery sucks. You don't get much food and it looks like a kid made it. Definitely won't order from here again. I should have read more reviews.
Looks like there are 2 postings for this one location. Either way, I love Tres Jalapenos. My boyfriends and I feel like we're regulars, as we're there at least once a week and i always seem to order the shrimp soft tacos. The guacamole is deliciously creamy and the food is always fresh and tasty. The staff is also super friendly, and always get my request right when i ask for No Cilantro on my tacos. I know, i'm one of those peeps who can't stand Cilantro, yet i love mexican food. Go figure.
Super disappointed after tonight. I've been coming to and ordering from Tres Jalapenos for years and have always loved it. Tonight I order an appetizer and a platter at 6:00pm and was told it would be about 45 minutes. After an hour and a half passed by I called and was told it was on its way and it would be right here. Another 15 minutes went by and was told she never gave the kitchen the ticket and they would only offer 30% off the next time around. As if I'm going to order delivery again. It's been an hour and 40 minutes and the food has yet to come.
I came to Tres Jalapenos with two co-workers on a Wednesday around 1pm. I've been here once before and both times my table was the only one occupied in the place. It appears they've acquired a liquor license. That's disappointing because in the past you could bring your own tequila and they provided margarita mix. BYOBs are always more fun. 

You'll need to get over the decor. It's tacky and the plastic tablecloths look like they've been on the tables for far too long. It doesn't matter though because the food is pretty good. We were given complimentary chips and salsa as we waited for our food.  I had the jumbo chicken quesadilla for lunch with a $1 side of sour cream. The flour tortilla was grilled just right, the chicken was juicy, and the cheese was well, cheesy. My coworkers had the portobello traditional tacos and the al pastor traditional tacos. It's a pretty cheap place and is probably better suited for take-out or delivery, but if you're in the mood for a no-frills dining experience, this place will do the trick.
What can I say? This was the best tasting, most authentic and best value for your money Mexican meal I have had in the city.

One night my boyfriend and I were trying to think of an inexpensive place to eat. He wanted Indonesian - I wanted pizza- we settled on Mexican. Let me tell you - we drove by this place three times before we realized it was the place. It looks like the tiniest hole in the wall bodega store, something that would have been a neighborhood best-kept secret if it weren't for Yelp.

For a total of $20, my boyfriend and I had a delicious meal that left us perfectly full and content. He got a platter with a cheese enchilada that I couldn't stop taking bites of because it was so damn good, a taco, a guacomole filled tostada, beans and rice. I got three tacos - a pork, beef and chicken - each one was filled with goodness and better then the next.

The atmosphere isn't much to get excited about, but that's not why you come here. We sat and ate there at one of the two tables in the place, but saw at least 10 people come in an out for take out in a 30 minute span.

If there weren't so many places we want to try and if it was a little closer (place is in South Philly, I'm in center city) we would go there a lot more. But we will definitely be back!
My partner and I wanted to go to Superior Pasta Company but was upset when it was closed.  Driving down Christian St, we saw this Mexican place open and decided to try it out. 

It was delicious!  We knew it was great just by the sauce they gave with the chips.  For entree, I got the guacamole burrito with taco sauce.  He got the bean soup and pollo papian.  Everything was so good!  We were really impressed by the prices too, mine was 9.50 for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow!  

The service is absolutely great and they even gave us 10% off cards for the next time we come.  They also have specials.  Currently, they will make margheritas if you bring in tequila on Mondays, and all you can eat tacos (not fish or shrimp) on Tuesdays.  They also have free delivery over $10 in the area.

DEFINITELY coming back here for authentic food with phenomenal service.
I recently visited with a group of friends both because most of us had never been, and also because Tres is a BYO. Head's up - we just made it, but as of this week, Tres is no longer a BYO! I'm not sure what the rationale behind that is because we weren't particularly impressed by the food (we ordered a variety of things from the Tres chicken to burritos to fish tacos). Beware of the online menu (not accurate) and the multiple baskets of chips and salsa they'll bring out - they charge you for anything beyond the first one if you don't cut them off! The restaurant was hardly full but the waiter did manage to mix up some of our orders as well. They do have some specials though, which make the mediocre Mexican food worth it: free margarita mix on Mondays and Taco Tuesdays, for example. Probably won't go back, but decent meal for the price.
My friends and I have eaten here before and really enjoyed the food.  We've been talking about going to the all-you-can-eat Taco Tuesday for a while, so today we finally had the time.  The advertisements for Taco Tuesday say nothing about the time it begins so we assumed it was an all day event.  Wrong.  It starts at 5pm.  Luckily, our waitress was able to convince the owner to let us start early just this one time.  (We all thought it was really shitty that the owner didn't come out of the office and made the waitress deal with this.)  Hooray for Stephanie, and thank you!

The tacos come with three preparation choices (crunchy, soft, or traditional) and 8 filling choices.  I chose portabella for one plate and black beans for another.  The traditional tacos are the best, in my opinion.  Corn tortillas, cilantro, onions, lime, and a tangy sauce.  I could only get through two plates of tacos....my friends passed me by with 4 plates.

I would defiantly go again.  Next time, we show up at 5 and I won't fill up on chips, guac, and salsa!!
Jesus christ in heaven... most incredible Burrito al Pastor (pork + pineapple burrito) that I've ever had!   

I'll be spending the next several weeks exploring their rather in-depth menu.   I will report back with my findings.
When I heard that 'Taqueria Los Jalapenos', (one of my favorite center city delivery options) was opening up a restaurant I couldn't wait to visit.  We headed over with a friend one night and brought a few beers along for dinner.  The restaurant is located in the old Paxia space - with the exception of the green, red, and white neon lights, the bales of hay, and the bubbly fountain adding to the casual atmosphere, the space doesn't look all that different.  We were seated immediately and offered chips, salsa, and guacamole.  If you've ever ordered from Taqueria Los Jalapenos, the menu here (and the prices) are pretty much the same.  My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish tacos - three small soft tacos - along with a side of rice and beans.  Service was friendly and casual and we left happy.  Definitely glad to have this place within walking distance of my house! Recommended!
This place has gone completely downhill in the last year or two. I don't know if they switched management or what, but food is bland, food is ALWAYS cold when delivered and the women answering the phones are suddenly incredibly rude and even combative. I used to order and dine in here an unhealthy amount, but not anymore. There are too many options for Mexican food in South Philadelphia for you guys to completely drop in quality across the board. Two stars only because I used to LOVE this place.
I love this place! Super easy to miss, but a must-eat. Food is simple, fast, well priced, and delicious! Its never crowded inside and the service is really prompt. They have different weekly specials. Not a fan of the margarita mix they use, too sugary, but otherwise I have no complaints! They also do takeout, yay!
This is the worst place to order from in the city. I wish I could give it negative stars. I ordered a quesadilla and 2 hours later received an empty tortilla. Not even a whole one. Do not order from this place!!!
I live two blocks away.  This is the corner of death - there have been three restaurants in this space since I've lived here. 
   I went once. It was empty. The food was OK, but $8 for guacamole and chips?  $12 for a burrito, extra for sour cream? No. 
   I kind of feel like this is the place people will go if they're afraid to be in an authentic Mexican restaurant.  There are so many Mexican places in the area that are cheaper and better. 
    Plaza Girabaldi? Tacqueria La VeraCruzana?  Go there.
Finally found a delivery place that both my husband and I agree on that isn't cheesesteaks!!  I got a Taco Salad with Skirt Steak and it was AWESOME!  However, my husband got a burrito that he didn't like at all (reason for the three stars).  We will try again, I will get the same thing and he will explore the menu further.
Needing dinner one night after deciding its time to be lazy and not cook, did a little Yelping and found this place. On-line menu was rudiemntary but helpful. On-line ordering is nice as well.

Food arrived promptly. Food was good. Nothing to write home about (but enough to write Yelp about [rimshot, please]). 

Decent enough all around to use them again. Nice job.
Actually 3.5 stars. 

Good casual place to go with a group of friends. We were excited about the BYOT, but the watermelon margarita mix we got was kind of bland. I appreciated that it wasn't sickeningly sweet, but we ended up needing to add salt and lime to the mix to make our drinks taste better. 

The food itself is pretty decent - unless you're married to the idea of flour tortillas, get the tacos and quesadillas "traditional style" with the corn tortillas. Both the shrimp and the pork were juicy and flavorful. They have a nice portobello option for your vegetarian friends too.
Ordered delivery. I actually enjoyed the portobello burrito and the massive said of plantains. the food is not great but delivery was quick and what i ordered. Don't think I would ever visit the actual establishment - there are far better mexican restaurants in philly but what with the limited delivery options I would order again if I had a craving.
my new favorite place. pork and pineapple tacos were delicious! homemade guacamole also a win. super cute interior with tons of seating and great service. i can't wait for the all-you-can-eat taco tuesdays!
Cheep bland tacos at a generic looking Mexican restaurant. The chips are tasty, and the bring your own tequila concept is amusing, though it turns out when you mix your own margaritas, they're simply not as good as those mixed professionally. By all means go if you are in the mood to get full and drunk. Just don't go for some sort of culinary experience.

On an absolute scale, the restaurant probably deserves only two stars. But cost adjusted, they earned three.
Order dinner from this eatery via grub hub.  Ordered the ground beef crispy tacos for my 12 year old and the grilled skirt steak fajitas for myself.  I requested no sour cream or guacamole but did request and paid $1.50 for extra pico degallo.   

Despite ordering the steak medium, it was well done and really lacked any flavor.  Chili's makes a better fajitas.  Additionally, the peppers and onions which was to accompany the dish only contained peppers - no onions - really??  Sour cream and guacamole was packed but they omitted the extra pico degallo which I paid for.  They packed 1 fork and no napkins.  

The tacos also contained little bits of green peppers mixed in with the lettuce, tomato and cheese which was weird as the description in the menu did not list peppers.  My son tried to pick them out as he does not like peppers.

Lastly, the delivery guy had me come out to the car to get the meal vs. coming into the hotel lobby.  Not sure if the delivery guy is related to the eatery or a solely grub hub driver but wasn't too please since I pre-paid a 20% tip.  

I would not recommend delivery from this place as to ensure you get your food order right and have adequate eating accessories.
This corner tienda at 4th & Moore rates as the best place I've had Mexican food in Philadelphia.

Plan on getting takeout, as there is nowhere to sit.  It is literally a tiny corner store selling the usual Latino corner shop goods (drinks, canned goods, cleaning products, etc.).  However, the menu is fairly substantial, and the service is friendly.  I haven't had anything I didn't like from this place.  Try it!
