Holy crap Triangle Tavern!! You are wonderful and all those meatless options, awesome. 

I was steered in the direction of the Triangle from a Chef at a scrumptious vegan restaurant. I was told, these vegan wings were the best....The truth speakin' chef was dead on.  Hot damn, these wings are delicious. I sporadically eat meat, chicken wings being my guilty pleasure and these things mirrored some of the best wings I've ever had. Full of robust flavor, I could have eaten more than one order.

The vegan roast beef sand is also a must try. That roll!!!!!!! So much freshness.  Such a great sand. Robust in flavor, yummy onions, I'm pretty sure meat eaters would enjoy this just as much as the real thing. I know I did!!

Service was excellent.  They were pretty slammed (New Years Day)  but it seemed like everyone helped out each other. Our drinks never went empty and the server didn't appear to be rushed when conversing.

I shall return to try more of the vegan items, and look forward to more wings, more wings and maybe a side of more wings.   5 stars deserved!
Wow this place makes me wanna become a regular. The bartenders and staff are all so COOL. Like they're cool but not in an intimidating/off-putting way. They're cool in a way that makes you feel also cool? Idk man they're just gettin it so right with customer service. Full disclosure I found this place because philadelphia vegans on instagram love it and I'm a sucker for seitan. The seitan wings were some of the best I've had in the city. Like. Better than Bl*ckbird's, whose are pretty good honestly. But yea, overall, cheap drinks ($4.50 for a gin+tonic) and amazing vegan food that I'll definitely be back to try more of!
3-stars, right in the middle, because hey, maybe my experiences are particularly unique. But having been here twice I've had poor experiences both times.

The first time, it was just that it was a bit lackluster, the polenta fries were bland, the sandwich was a bit cold, but hey, whatever, new management, my friends love it, I'll go with the flow.

This time, however, it was going pretty well (seitan wings pieces were really uneven/haphazard, whatever, it was fine, lasagna seemed like it was going to be good) when I was chewing and realized that there was something up, like, hey, maybe this is a big piece of seitan, and I spat it out. Only to mess with it to discover that it was a large piece of paper. From god knows what. That I just had in my mouth.

Now, mistakes are made in kitchens, and I tried to be cool about it, but the longer we sat there (waiting for a new order) the more I needed to just GTFO, get home, and brush my teeth. We asked for our check, it came back with the lasagna on it, we asked for it to be taken off, and it appeared like there was some back-and-forth behind the scenes. Given, a giant party just sat down, but still. I just wanted to pay and leave, and my partner didn't want to pay the check when it still had the lasagna on it.

And thus we left. And won't be back. I wanted to love you Triangle, but you treated me wrong.

As a review, I leave this at 3 stars. When the food wasn't corrupted it was just underwhelming especially for the price. So readers, do what you will.
When you procure the lease to a classic neighborhood bar establishment you can either create a completely new business concept that alienates old regulars, do the exact same thing even though it could exactly be what failed to bring in new clientele, or try to find a successful common ground that brings in something that's faithful towards regulars, while adding enough new aesthetics to target newcomers.

The new Triangle Tavern falls under that rare common ground category, and it does so in a way that might just be better than how any similar type of bar has done it before. Of course it doesn't hurt that it was picked up by the owners of Khyber, Royal Tavern, and Cantina Los Caballitos/Dos Segundos; who know more than a thing or two about maintaining those type of establishments. It also helps that they utilized Suzanne O'Brien as a consultant since she worked on the redos of Trestle Inn and Jerry's Bar.

Ultimately the team didn't really change much about the bar as they only really updated systems, bar equipment, and menu items as needed. But it very much maintains the same feel and style overall, which is very much key since Triangle has been a South Philly institution since the 30's. You can still get an inexpensive beer (not by 30's standards, but still) and a meatball sandwich. But the menu also has a few drafts that appeal to hipsters and craft beer snobs, and also features plenty of vegan or gluten free items to go with the times. 

While the menu saw a few significant updates that are all delicious, it definitely doesn't hurt to stick with the classics. Especially since Triangle might just make the best meatballs in all of Philadelphia! if you see the bacon meatball sandwich on special be sure to order that like my cousin and I did (and customize with some broccoli raabe so it isn't as meat sweat inducing!). The majority of the usual suspect beers range from $3-4 for draft, can, or bottle. But we were content with ordering drafts from the likes of DuClaw, Lancaster, and Ballast Point. 

With enough specials added to the menu and rotating drafts there's always plenty of good reason to go to this solid bar institution that caters to both the new and old.
Why aren't ALL restaurants doing what Triangle Tavern is doing? Just a few amazing vegan items on the menu is all you need to increase your clientele. Vegans love food, we love to go out to eat, & we love to promote places that treat us right. Clearly, Triangle Tavern gets that. 

Love the old South Philly vibe here. It's dark & loud & the staff is incredibly friendly. (Thank you, Lisa, for taking such good care of us last night!) And any place with a disco ball us alright with me. 

Let's start with the drinks. Can we talk about the Adult Water Ice? Yep. You heard me. Adult. Water. Ice. I had the cherry, Ed had the peach. Super tasty & super potent (says the lightweight with a 2-drink limit).

And the food! Like whoa. We started with the polenta fries (amazing) and the seitan wings (traditional wing sauce, IMO ranking in the top 3 vegan wings in the city). Ed had the vegan roast beef sandwich, he loved it. I had the spaghetti & (vegan) meatballs. The meatballs were so epic, I made Ed taste them & then double checked to make sure they were really vegan. 

I'm glad that Triangle Tavern is a mile away. The walk there & back totally earned me that binge (LJ logic). I suspect that it will now be part of our regular rotation. Go there. You won't regret it.

Edit: I've been here a few more times & the service is always perfect. Big shout out to Heidi (we LOVE you) & Nick for great service. Also, the vegan lasagna, you guys. Crazy good. It seems like I go here at least once a week. What an excellent life I lead!

Edit #2: Try the garlic bread. It changed my life.
Triangle Tavern is my go-to lunch spot when my non-adventurous family comes to town (still trying to convince my parents to try brussels sprouts, which I'm pretty sure is the opposite of what is supposed to happen).  I have tasted pretty much all the sandwiches without beef on the menu and a few of the appetizers.  

Some of the food deserves five stars (vegan buffalo wings--the best non-meat wings I've ever tasted, vegan meatball sub--delicious, add the sharp provolone if you are not vegan), but the rest is just A-OK (vegan roast beef, which was dry with a watery horseradish sauce to compensate; chicken parm, chicken was overcooked and a little chewy, fries, which are fine but you have to order separately as they don't come with your up to $12 sandwich).  

Triangle Tavern has a great beer menu, service is usually fine, if occasionally a little slow (I think there may be one server for all the tables in the back), and recently (I think) added a brunch menu that includes vegan mushroom scrapple that is intriguing and will definitely get me back in to try the brunch offerings as well.
Gawd, it's great to be back home again. Even after being back for 6 years, the 'newness' hasn't worn off.

I came here with my dining companion, JH. He is not a native and on a visit to a Manayunk bar a few weeks ago, he complained that he still wanted to visit a 'Philly bar.' Always happy to please my friends, I suggested a Sunday dinner at Triangle.

South Philly is my birthplace and childhood home. When we walked into this dark, noisy and friendly place, good memories and feelings came flooding back. The bar was busy and crowded but even without a reservation, we were warmly greeted and seated right away. Other than some vegan options, the menu listed nothing trendy, nouvelle, fusion, earth shaking or outre'. Fine by both of us. 

We each had a White Negroni for starters, and had my pockets been deeper and my work week not starting early the next day, I would have gone for at least 2 more of these. Bitter and delicious-we high fived each other for making such a fine drink choice.

JH got lasagna, I got spaghetti and meatballs (tender ones, delicious ones!) and we settled into contented silence as we ate. The portions were just big enough to make us happily full. My friend decimated the whole bread basket as he sopped up his sauce. The waitress, who had a glorious sleeve of tattoos, was attentive, friendly and kept us in her sights. No room for dessert, though JH longingly eyed a large hunk of plated chocolate cake heading for someone's table as we left.

Is this the best Italian food in town? Probably not, but for me, still feeling newly returned to the East coast and Philly, it was the best neighborhood bar/restaurant experience I've had so far and I will go back again and again for sure.
Fours stars because the service was so slow but also four stars because the vegan cheesesteak was on point. My non-vegetarian friends went to Pat's right before we came here for drinks so it was really great to be able to have a cheese steak that night too.

Overall, food was good. Loved my cheesesteak and my friends ordered some fries as well. Beer selection was decent too.

I just wish that the service was better. It was so slow and I felt like the kitchen was going to close before they took my order. The waiter saw me trying to get his attention so many times but I felt like I wasn't as important as the other patrons or something.

Overall, I'm glad my friends and I ended up here because it was a treat getting a vegan cheesesteak.
Not my favorite from this local restaurant group.  Given my love of the eats at Khyber and Royal, I had high expectations, but Triangle left something to be desired.  First, we had the misfortune of discovering that the place we'd chosen to escape our hot house was having A/C issues; I hope they get that worked out soon, summer's HOT in Philadelphia!  On to the beer list...interesting but pricey.  Most beers were at least $6 and only 10oz for pours in the 6-7% range.  So I opted to cool off with an adult water ice, the highlight of our meal.  It was cold and tasty; not too sweet.  My other disappointing comparison on prices is for the sandwiches...they run the same cost as the other locations, but if you want something on the side, that's extra.  The burger essentially seems to be the same as the one at Royal, but if you want fries with it, it'll run you a few bucks more :-/.

BF ordered the vegan meatball sub, and was underwhelmed.  Fries were decent but nothing to write home about.  And while I enjoyed the topping on my bruschetta, the use of Italian sandwich rolls doesn't do anything for me in this application.  A more rustic bread is better suited to bruschetta.

In conclusion, I think we'll be sticking with Royal and Khyber, but it is nice to see this place open again.
I can't even begin to explain how disappointed I am about this place.  For starters the place is very loud so my boyfriend and I were having trouble hearing each other let alone our waitress.  However I understand that this place is new and therefore busy so I forgave the noise in hopes of a good meal, which I did not receive.

My boyfriend and I ordered the mussels white to start and for $14 I was expecting a lot more, but looking back this was definitely the best part of our meal.  For entrees I ordered the Triangle Burger (which comes with long hots on it so if you don't like spicy you better request them taken off) and my boyfriend got the eggplant parm sandwich.  I must say that the burger was cooked well and it tasted great but what disgusted me was how stale my bun was.  It was chewy and I had trouble cutting my burger in half let along eating it.  It was bad enough that it wouldn't even squish down when I picked it up and after one bite I abandoned it  and ate my burger with a knife and fork.  The eggplant parm sandwich that my boyfriend ordered was mediocre at best and I am sad to report that their eggplant was frozen.  He has made eggplant parm countless times and works in the food industry so I completely trust his judgement on this one.  

Overall our experience was disappointing and for the money we spent we were hoping for a better experience but oh well.
I really wanted to like this place but I just couldn't.

I went there a few weeks ago (been too busy to yelp review it) with some friends. I ordered the chicken parm with spaghetti. Easy enough right? Except for the fact that it took them over 30 minutes to get the food out. So I thought, fine because it's chicken, they just want to make sure it cooked through. Or at least so I hoped. 

After waiting for a while, my food finally came out and I started digging in. Until I cut into my chicken, and saw that it's not so nicely pink. After waiting for that long, the chicken was undercooked. So I had to stop eating and called someone over to take back the food to have them remake it (they didn't apologized at all btw). Except they didn't. Because the waitress came back 5 minutes later asking me if I wanted them to remake the food... 

So after waiting for a total of 1 hour since I placed my original order, I finally got to eat. And honestly, the food was so underwhelming. The taste and flavor was definitely lacking and I just couldn't finish the food. 

I have yet to be back and I don't know if I will be back.
Loved it.  We sat right away on a cold, rainy October Wednesday night around 6 pm. I actually got lucky and found a spot out front. My hubby who met my girls and I there parked in Acme's lot. Kids, don't try this at home. (We didn't have an issue but...) The place is cozy. Dark with light strands and candles on each table. It was decorated for Halloween with pumpkins, mums and webs. 
We were greeted the second we walked through the door. The bar is in the front with a juke box and tvs. Very homey. You can tell they have "regulars" The tables for eating are tucked away towards the back. Perfect.  

The waitress, Kim H came over with waters right away. Kiddie cups without having to ask. Awesome. We put in for a hibiscus adult water ice to share despite it being chilly out just because I figured we had to try it. So yum! $6 for a glass. We shared it and then hubs also got a red ale, "Free Range Red" which was seasonal, also delish. 

The bruschetta specials were intriguing, one vegan and one meat option but we wanted to try the seitan wings which were da bomb. Spicy and the blue cheese wasn't so blue cheesy which is just my style. Yum. 

Kim suggested the polenta fries for the kids and my little one ate THEM ALL!! I did manage to give a tiny bite and they were perfectly crisp and served with marinara. 

I ordered vegan spaghetti and meatballs to share with my daughter and my hubby ordered the ravioli to share with our little one. The portions were huge and I even took a meatball home (to my doggy). VERY delicious! 

Kim brought the girls over crayons and was an absolute doll. Everyone was pretty friendly and it seems like they have regulars. Very homey and cozy. We will most certainly be back. $69 for all of that food. We won't be ordering all of that next time but I was excited for all of the vegan options and the girls didn't have after school snacks and were starving. 

We found a new local spot. We love Cantina and Royal which they also own, so we knew this would be a hit with us too.
Triangle Tavern is doing comfort/Philly bar-style food right!
Although the restaurant is not 100% vegan, the majority of the menu items are by default therefore most people who come in to eat are more than likely going to have a delicious plant-based meal regardless of whether or not they are vegan...I love that!
Replaced a carry out order to have dinner to take on the train. My boyfriend and I split the vegan cheesesteak (which is a must obviously), the vegan wings 1/2 Buffalo 1/2 bbq (LOVE that they give this 1/2 and 1/2 option!), the Vegan Mozz sticks and one of their specials: "Party Fries."
Even though we took our food to go and it was about an hour before we could eat it, everything was still quite warm and absolutely delicious. I wish actually pretty blown away at how tasty everything was: the wings had an amazing texture, the cheesesteak was nice and salty, the mozz sticks were incredible, and we loved the fries which were topped with beyond meat chili sauce, whizz, and some kind of gravy.
Portions are also pretty good in relation to the price: we paid $53 for all of our food + a beer and had leftovers.
The cheesesteak, wings, and mozz sticks seem to be the "must orders" when here-I concur. 
The atmosphere here is your typical bar-style vibes, and I just love that there is a vegan twist to the food unlike most bar/restaurant offerings.
100% recommend Triangle Tavern-there will be something for everyone!
FANTASTIC. I came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch with my husband. We heard that they had vegan options and have yet to try so we knew that we needed to stop in. We were seated immediately. It's a bar and restaurant so the ambiance is dark but they have lights throughout and a few TVs. Our server was witty and made a few vegan jokes when I asked his help choosing between a vegan meatball sandwich and wings. He recommended the meatball sandwich and I got fries with vegan cheese whiz. The meatball sandwich was amazing. I eventually ended up just eating the meatballs out of it and the vegan cheese whiz is something out of my dreams. My husband had a meatball sandwich with mozzarella cheese and said that his food was fantastic. 

The food came out extremely quick, service is exceptional, they have frozen rose and bellinis as a drink option AND there is vegan cheese whiz. I will be back!
I finally tried the revived and resuscitated Triangle Tavern. I was also very aware that most of the owner's other bars are pretty terrible (Cantina, please close already). Regardless, I went in with an open mind. Triangle Tavern is not a win, but definitely an improvement. I was honestly surprised that it wasn't awful and intolerable. 

I went on an off night, so it was pretty quiet with only a few geriatric patrons in side. The server said that the dining rooms tends to fill up with much older folks who were used to the old Triangle Tavern. The food was pretty good, but definitely cold. I had the roast beef sandwich which wasn't bad, but slightly missed the mark in terms of how rare/tender it should have been. My fellow diners ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees. I was told that the vegan lasagna was good, and that the antipasti was pretty on point. 

Pros: Friendly service, unlike the smug little pricks at Cantina and the Royal Tavern. Menu is not diverse, but at least cohesive. There are definitely vegan options for folks who want them. There is adequate seating at the bar and in the dining room. You won't be eating with the next table over involved in your conversation. There are also some gluten free options if you need them, but nothing spectacular. 

Cons: Very dark and dreary. It reminds me of that scene from Goodfellas, at the club, when Joe Pesci's character is doing his "funny how? funny like a clown?" routine. This can be good or bad depending on what you want. My dining partners, being very Italian, thought it was pretty cute. The kitchen needs to work out a few kinks for sure. My guess is that they are prepping plates in the wrong order, so hot food comes out cold/room temp, and cold food comes out, well...cold. 

I'd definitely try it again though, but would probably avoid weekend nights. All in all, this place is ok, but not great. I'd recommend it to a friend who I know would like this type of place, but otherwise it would not make my short list of "you gotta try this" places.
Awful! The waiter was extremely rude.
You order and pay on the app before you can get anything.
When the waiter comes he just holds out the tray and you have to grab everything off it yourself, lol
Vegan crab cake was soggy and falling apart. 
The vegan cheesesteak was okay.
I ordered a vegan Caesar salad and it came with no dressing on it, tomatoes, olives, and onions. I asked the waiter if he gave me a garden salad instead and with attitude he said that's a vegan Caesar salad. Umm on what planet is that a Caesar salad?
Then they told us we had to clean up our own trash and gave us bags but they still want an 18% tip. What a joke service! Never again just because of how rude he was!
OK I understand the glowing reviews from vegans since this place has a of choices for them. When we read it reopened, we had to come since it was our first date 35 years ago. It has been yuppyfied and hipsterized. Their theme is portion control. First the drinks are a bit stingy as far as the amount of alcohol. And this includes their house white wine for $7. My wife, not a big drinker could not taste the alcohol in her sea breeze. The 3 meat balls for $6 were great. My wife ordered steamed clams for $14 which were delicious not  an offensive portion and no sand. Her softshell sandwich for $14 was mainly roll but good, My $14 mussels were very inconsistent. Now they were good sized instead of the anemic ones I usually get but there were only about a total of 12-14 of them and only about 6 were properly cooked. One was completely closed,  another too sandy, and the rest under cooked.  None of the sandwiches come with sides, I noticed the couple next to us had the mussels with linguine and for $16 it had less mussels than my dish and not too much pasta either.
It was $100 for the 2 of us including a proper tip, too much for too little. I am not sure I will return as I like value but I do think this tavern has potential as generally the food is good here. This might be a good place after a game or if I want a little snack. Next time I will stick with their 16 oz PBR's for $3.50 and a plate of meatballs and fries.
This place is really cool! We randomly stopped in here for drinks, and I didn't realize how chill this place was! It's actually quite spacious, big bar area in the front, dining room in the back. The beer lists were decent, but they also had some creative cocktails on the menu. The food menu looked so good, we had to order the grilled halloumi even though we weren't even hungry. It was delicious!!! We also ordered a side of artichoke hearts which were pretty good in a light olive oil sauce. 

Overall a really cool place in here. Not what I was expecting! Nicely surprised. I'd love to come back and eat a full meal here.
Ate here just last night.  The only reason I've given a 3-star rating instead of a 2-star is because of the great wait staff.  Great job!  Very friendly and they all seemed to help with each other's tables (water refills, clearing plates, etc).

As for the food, we were not impressed.  I knew nothing of the history of this place but was asked to join an enthusiastic South Philly couple when they heard the Tavern had reopened in their neighborhood.

One person got the vegan roast beef and the other got the regular roast beef sandwich.  They said the sandwiches were mediocre.  I was craving seafood so I ordered the mussels with red sauce.  The sauce was thin and bland; although full of minced garlic, it had no particular flavor.  The mussels were good but I got at least 2 that had an odd, unpleasant taste.

I would probably not eat here again unless it was someone else's decision.  Sorry!
Adult. Water. Ice.

I could end this review here and those 3 words might get you in the door without anything else. That's all I needed to know to get me to this place tbh.  From the outside I pictured a dive bar.  Inside was a newly renovated looking bar/restaurant with an neighborhood bar feel, an Italian leaning menu (sunday "gravy" special anyone?), delicious sounding vegan options (weird right? ), friendly servers, and a great vibe. Clientele varies in age. 

We tried the hibiscus, peach,  and original (lemon) water ice and all were delicious (hibiscus was the crowd fave). Glasses go for $6 or $7 and pitchers for $24 ish? Unfortunately you can't get the water ice to go (we asked because it was so delicious). And yea, there's definitely booze in there. How has no one else thought of this?!

I'll be circling back to the Triangle Tavern.
Triangle Tavern just opened and already is one of my favorite places. I have been 3 times and every time had to force myself to try new things. It's hard to order something different when you don't want to waste a visit because you loved what you had last time. Garlic bread is amazing, vegan meatballs are off the charts, and the polenta fries are a must have. The spicy broccoli is something I feel I have to order on the side no matter what. I'm vegan but dine with meat eaters and they themselves have loved all the vegan things they've tried. They also loved their meat/seafood based dishes. 
I also highly recommend the vegan wings, bruschetta, and antipasta plate. I can't wait to try the vegan lasagna...have heard it's insane. 
The servers and bartenders are great. I love the vibe. There are no pretentious attitudes and everyone makes you feel like you're right at home in a neighborhood spot. Good job Triangle! Another restaurant this crew has killed at again!
Another winner from the crew behind Cantina, Royal Tavern, and Khyber!   The atmosphere inside reminds me of this old school Italian place up in Elizabeth, NJ that I'd visit with my grandparents.  Classic Italian food, cold beer, lots of nostalgic stuff up on the walls, etc. 

They get a really good crowd in here.  We've been in a few times at weird times (Thursday around 8 pm, a Saturday around 5 pm) and it's always been pretty packed (but not too packed where you can't get a seat).  It also is pretty kid friendly here, for those who want to bring the little ones.

As for the food, I've had the chicken parm, the eggplant parm, and the spaghetti with meatballs.  Obviously, I'm a big fan of their tomato sauce!  It's so good!  They also have really good sweet potato fries.  I'm not veg/vegan and haven't tried any of their wide selection of faux meat but I appreciate they have a good amount of options for folks who don't eat meat.    

I tried the Adult Water Ice-- it was ok.  To be honest, it's really hard to mess up sugar and alcohol!  But it's not something I'd rush back to order.  But that tomato sauce... definitely will have me coming back for more...
More of a 3.5 star review. Might be a tad biased since my dining partner happened to know a few people who worked here so we got super friendly service. 

Tried the bruschetta of the day, the chicken ceasar salad, house white wine and a couple different beers. The food was definitely good, but nothing to write home about and kinda overpriced for the portions. 

I do like that there is a disco ball, which accounts for the extra half-star.
Way too loud (this place has the acoustics of a nursery filled with screaming babies) and service sucked when the waitress realized the 7 of us who sat down were there only for drinks. If we had stayed, she would have done pretty well since we're drinkers and tippers, but we moved on. Thank God I'm not vegan, otherwise I'd probably feel compelled to give a great review for a place that's more South Street than East Passyunk. Since I'm not interested in their vegan menu my review is seitan free and unclouded.
So far, so good. The first visit was a little iffy service-wise but the food made up for it. The chicken parm had the juiciest chicken I've ever had and it was very memorable. The calamari was also pretty good. The adult water ice was AWESOME! Definitely a highlight in the (unfortunately) warm-ish tavern. Granted, we were visiting on pretty warm days with lots of traffic in and out so that could have affected our comfort level. Plus it's pretty busy in there. The second visit, we just sat at the bar and the bartenders were pretty friendly. After eating a bunch of ice cream, I didn't want to drink too much so I opted for the Suzy prosecco cocktail which was perfect.  

When you first walk in from the 10th Street entrance, pay attention that you don't keep walking straight and fall down the stairs where the bathrooms are. I almost made that mistake! Also, the bathrooms are clean but a little cramped. 

Overall, great atmosphere, friendly service, decent food and a variety of drinks is a big plus. Try the adult water ice!
Much like what LJ said -Every new restaurant should take a huge hint from triangle and put a few vegan items on the menu, notate everything clearly and serve food quickly and well! 

This place rocks! 

As an actual Italian person, it's very hard for me to go an Italian restaurant and not hate it! This place is different bc they don't try to be authentic - they just try to be good and they succeed at that! 

The winning items on the menu were the polenta fries, the seitan wings, the vegan meatballs (like seriously so good!) and the veggie antipasto. The losers were slim: my spaghetti was slightly over cooked and the cherry pie was foul like what I remember a hostess pie to taste like. The garlic bread was also ehh. 

Overall I cannot wait to come back and try the meatball sandwich and the adult water ice. 

Such a tremendous restaurant with a great menu and atmosphere! Great job triangle!
OK Triangle Tavern, I see you.

How do I begin to describe the love affair I had with your spaghetti and vegan meatballs? And those vegan wings? Best in the city! 

I have so much love for this place right now. Will be back.
BEST seitan wings! I ordered delivery because of the pandemic so I can't speak to the decor but the wings were delicious! The texture was perfect & crispy. The price is reasonable for the amount of wings you get plus they're so filling!
I was curious to experience the new owners' take on such a classic South Philly establishment; would they stick to the Italian classics that made the Triangle so beloved or would they stray into hipster gastropub nowhere land? I'm pleased to report that they pulled off a refreshing update to an old standby, accommodating modern tastes while paying homage to what's bringing older heads through the door. 

My table split a few dishes- vegan wings, mussels in white sauce, polenta fries, and a vegan roast beef sandwich. Everything was delicious but the real standout was the wings. As a carnivore, I actually prefer these to chicken wings any day of the week. I'd kill to know what's in that vegan ranch sauce! We worked our way through a good portion of the extensive drink list as well. But to be honest, they had already won my heart at "wine on tap". 

The only slight negative to mention is that it'd be nice if the sandwiches were available to order with a smaller, cheaper side, instead of having to order a full portion side dish. That being said, the portions are generous so you get what you pay for. You just get a lot when you might only want a little.
This place is herald as a great place for vegetarians, but I wouldn't know based on the things we ordered!  

It's a great place to sit outside on a nice summer night.  Drinks and food are affordable.  

We ordered the calamari - perfectly fried.  Comes with a marinara sauce (would've been good to have a slice of lemon).

The tavern cheesesteak is ok.  It comes with cheese, fried onions, and tomatoes.  Odd combination to have tomatoes in your cheesesteak. The fries were perfectly cooked!

My wife enjoyed the meatball sandwich and would order it again.  Great spot and would come back
Awesome staff, food and beer!! What else can I say? I've walked by Triangle for weeks and finally met a friend there for lunch. I ordered fries, the beef sandwich and a beer I can't remember the name of (think it was hibiscus or blueberry?). All great but the star were the fries! I'm a big potato lover so I don't say this lightly but these were the BEST FRIES I've ever had. Period. 

Can't wait to go back again!
Vegan food and chill vibes. I went there on Black Friday and had a vegan cheesesteak, fries, and vegan carrot cake. All were good and the wait time was about 10-15 minutes. The server was also on her top game because she checked in on us periodically. I would recommend and I will most likely come back for a second visit. I took off one star because as a first visit, so had no idea where to park and parking was hard to find.
Had the hot beef au jus and it was really good! Everyone at the table liked their orders as well (triangle burger and buttersquash pasta). The staff was friendly and atmosphere was nice and warm - felt like a good mixture of people on dates and hanging out. Was surprised by the number of vegan options. Would come again.
Damn, you nailed that jawn.

Simple, neighborhood vibe is back. 

Food and service = excellent. Do you know how long I've pined for a BASKET OF GRILLED SHRIMP? Just shrimp. Nothing else. They were tasty and went great with fried smelts. I also tasted my friend's vegan meatballs & spaghetti ... it rocked! Good drinks, affordable house wines (through a draft system), and solid beer list. Also, we went early and it was quiet. It was nice to have a few drinks in us as the place got really crowded and the music got a little louder. Nice pacing to the vibe...I think I heard Elvis on the speakers. 

5 stars for simplicity, execution, and affordability in a local, neighborhood joint.
I took the vegan cheesesteak to go so I could eat with my mom and sister at Pat's. It was great and definitely worth the trip. Strong drinks and dark atmosphere. Would go again.
This is a smidge delayed, as I visited this establishment a month or so ago.  But, alas, I doubt that too much has changed since the excursion.  As an excursion it was.  I traveled via electric Trek bike (of which I decided to be a stubborn punk and only use the actual battery powered bicicleta 10% of the time) from Manayunk to the Board Game Convention.  That was a random invite.. please invite me to any and all conventions.  Turns out playing board games, even while soaked from a rainy bike ride is tremendously exhilarating.  

Okay enough details.  So the bike and I then traveled the last couple miles over to the Tavern, to meet up with my fellow crazy (vegan) cyclist for a late lunch.  I am personally not a vegan, but I will always try out a tree huggin' friendly establishment.  Not all of their items are vegan of course, however, we went with two entrees that were.  She chose the "cheesesteak", and I went with the roast ''pork."  Let it be known that I don't really like roast pork.  Why did I decide to order it?  Honestly, I'm not sure why I choose to do a lot of things (think riding an electric bike in the rain.. without the electric part). Well folks, turns out I don't like meaty roast pork.  The texture of their seitan is on point, and with broccoli rabe ($3 upcharge) and a horseradish aioli added, this was a killer sandwich.  They also have a decent draft and can list, and really that's how you seal a deal with me.  

The reason for the knocked star is that it's a little pricey with sandwich add on's, and nothing comes with the sandwiches (fries, chips, a celery stick?). I definitely want to get back here and try the cheesesteak or pizza, though.  Maybe this time a little drier.
The eggplant parm sandwich here is excellent. The raw arugula on it is a really nice touch. I've also had the meatball sandwich, which is pretty good. Caesar salad is tasty.

The prices are really reasonable and they have a big beer list. The only downside here is that if you're standing behind the bar near the stairs, the staff are constantly going back and forth with dishes, glasses, etc., and each time you have to squeeze to make enough room. So if you want to be comfortable, sit at the bar itself or in the dining area (they also have nice outdoor seating).
How do you charge for bread ?? $3.00 for a cut up roll to go with my clams and linguine. I didn't ask for bread was placed on the table I though it came with the meal. Never have I had to pay for a cut up roll not even a good roll to go with my meal. I should have been informed that they charge for bread.  I was very very disappointed. I will never go back. There are plenty of restaurants to chose from in our neighborhood.
Triangle Tavern is a place I drive and walk by all the time but never went in until now. The menu has so many options for vegetarians and vegans. I got the meatball parm sandwich and my wife got the vegan meatball sandwich and she loved it. The service was very fast and the server we had was pretty funny as well. Glad I stopped in.
It is loud. Much louder than it needs to be. So be prepared to leave with a headache.

And the food needs some serious work. A hipster take on what was a basic menu misses the point of basic food. Don't serve a sandwich on crappy bread. The rolls for the roast beef and roast pork were t-e-r-r-i-b-l-e. When you're serving simple food  each ingredient needs to be excellent. It's South Philly for God's sake, we know you can find a better bakery for your rolls.

Wait staff was charming
It's hard to please most people at an Italian restaurant.  Sauce (gravy) is a highly debated item:  too acidic, too sweet, too bland, etc.  Same thing goes for meatballs, everyone has an opinion.

I've got to give the Triangle credit, they're a crowd pleaser with all the Italian staples.  They might not be perfect or the best I've ever had, but it's definitely great, old-school Italian bar food.  The drinks are solid here too and well-priced.  Lot's of selection on the drafts (domestic and craft).  We didn't try the adult water ice, but we eventually will and I'm confident it will be good.

We started with the clams casino, which was satisfying.  Lot's of clams and plenty of herby flavor (although a little small for the price, four clams).  The Sunday Gravy, carbonara special, spaghetti and meatballs, and spicy clam linguine were our four entrees.  All four were enjoyed by everyone at the table.  I'll say that the red sauce is a little on the sweet, acidic side, but it wasn't off-putting to any of us.  I will also say that the Sunday Gravy here has far more meat and much more flavor than Little Nonna's.  The pepperoni and sausage were particularly flavorful, but I thought the pork chop was a little dry.  The meatballs are great with a lot of herbs in them, and the spicy clam dish was loaded with clams and had just the right amount of heat.  While the carbonara was good, I found it to be a little bit more like alfredo than a true carbonara sauce.

For the price, the old-time Italian South Philly vibe, large portions, and stellar food, the Triangle Tavern delivers.  Also of note, the pitcher of Yuengling and an order of wings for $10 during happy hour can't be beat!
Triangle Tavern, I'm loving all that you do! 

My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out last friday. We went around 7pm, walked in to a smiling, genuinely nice and welcoming hostess and didn't wait at all for a table. Our table was comfortable and I was loving the vibe! Crowd was a nice mix; young professionals, neighborhood folks, babies, cute old ladies in their 70s wining and dining, EPA peeps, friends hanging out. The manager Ashley was nice enough to come by and ask how we were doing, I complemented the decor. She went on to tell me about all of the awesome historic ORIGINAL photos on the walls, these walls are an awesome south philly time capsule!!! 

Food:
I ordered the bruschetta of the day, which had some of the most delicious proscuitto i ever had on top. Perfectly cut and complemented with blue cheese, honey, and fresh fruit. The 'Spicy Broccoli' came highly recommended by a staff member who was nice enough to point out some of his personal favorites as we were seated. IT WAS AMAZING! and I'm pretty sure it was vegan too! 
My boyfriend loved his hearty portion  of chicken parmesan entree, i managed to finish anything he had left on his plate. 

Drink:
Triangle participated in philly beer week (woo!) so we dined during the Goose Island Tap Takeover. Sofie is one of my favorite beers so I jumped on it! We also tried a signature "Passyunker" cocktail, MMM! 

Service: My server was so nice, so patient ( i asked about...100 questions), and delightfully knowledgeable. Their cocktail list had about 6 different takes of a negroni and she was  happy to make suggestions and fill me in on all the special ingredients. Timing was great, we didn't wait long at all during this 'busy' dinner hour. 
I was really impressed with all of the front of the house staff. 

We were in a rush so i didn't get to try the alcoholic water ice everyone is raving about, but i can't wait to go back soon and try it !!!!
Some friends and I had a nice dinner at the Triangle Tavern this past Saturday night. My boyfriend and I grabbed a drink at the bar before my other friends arrived - the bartenders were really nice and the vibe was casual and friendly.

Once my other friends arrived, we all sat down and ordered one of the special appetizers - a butternut squash bruschetta. I only had half a piece, but what I had was tasty.

For my entree, I went classic and ordered the Spaghetti & Meatballs. It was comforting, warm, and exactly what I wanted. 

After we had all ordered our entree, our server suggested we get some garlic bread to share (we all had some variation of pasta as a component). So our entrees arrive, no garlic bread. After asking our server, he says it will be right out. I think he had forgotten about it, and it was really underwhelming. It looked like broiled thick-cut toast (on the burnt side) and maybe lightly buttered. Totally unnecessary, in my opinion.

Many of the sandwich choices looked great, and I was happy to see plenty of vegetarian/vegan options, too.
The first time I went with two other people and it was packed (probably because it was one of the first weeks they were open). We were seated at a group of the barstools and the food was pretty underwhelming (I had the meatball sandwich- which was just not that great and I think it might have been the bread). 

Last night my boyfriend and I decided to give it another shot and I'm very glad we did. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and on point. I asked which her favorite Negroni was and she pointed me towards the #3 which was a great call. We both ordered salads, which are a bit overpriced ($7 for salads) but both the caesar and house were very good. I had the crispy calamari which did not disappoint and my boyfriend had the eggplant which was incredible (some of the best eggplant either of us have ever had). The only hangup I have is the food price point seems a bit high for the type of food but if it's on occasion and considering the good food quality, I recommend giving it a try.

Update: We went there with a group of friends for brunch on Sunday and although the service was fantastic, it took way too long for the food to come out (and it was definitely a kitchen issue not a server one). The bloody marys are pretty good and the meatball that come with them are delicious. We ordered meatball appetizers for the table and they were extremely good. The majority of us ordered burgers and they were fine but nothing memorable and actually sort of bland for the exception of the pepper placed on them. My friends also ordered the french toast and it was good but again nothing memorable. Might come back for the meatballs and a drink or some sweet potato fries but brunch was overall pretty lackluster and we'll probably go somewhere else at least for brunch.
I wanted to like this place more, but the shortcomings weren't made up for in other areas.  I can't expect I'll return any time soon, though I'm not fully dismissing it either.

PROS:
-Ambience is super 70s, divey, low-key and unpretentious
-Adult water ice was a delightful surprise and would be great on a hot summers day (the raspberry was super tart and refreshing)
-The buffalo wings were pretty damn tasty and crispy
-The lasagna and spaghetti and meatball entrées were delicious: the sauce was sooo good and felt homemade with love.  The meatballs were very juicy, seasoned well and the whole dish was very filling and stick to your ribs.
-Server was friendly
-The "Yuengs and wings" feature is a good deal 
-Wine on tap!

CONS:
-Fried calamari left little to be desired: heavy breading like a mozzarella stick and what tasted like canned marinara
-The bread for the table, while warm, was an extra fee which I think is kind of ridiculous for a place with paper placemat menus and old school Italian food.
-The salad dressing substitute caused some confusion and we ended up only getting lemon with no oil. Our server, while friendly, disappeared for a lot of our meal even though it was practically empty, so we didn't get to request oil. We ended up using the blue cheese from the wings as a dressing (might I add, they gave a table of four the tiniest cup of blue cheese known to man).
-The "sunday gravy" entree was...mehhh. The sauce was very tasty, as was the rigatoni, but the "bone-in pork chop" was putrid, it tasted and looked like a freezer-burned piece of gray meat and had either a weird seasoning in it or was going bad. Three out of four at the table agreed something was off there.

Overall, some dishes were good and others fell short and unfortunately, with the A La Carte prices, I'm not entirely sure it's worth it.  If I came back, it would be for drinks only.
Excellent! Always a plus to find places that cater to vegans and vegetarians, too. This place does not disappoint. I will be back ASAP.
In a reclaimed dive bar serving top notch food, the hipster vibe is strong.  The menu is traditional Italian American classics with a Brooklyn-esque twist.  

I had their "Sunday Gravy", which I believe is their Sunday special.  For $21, it has rigatoni, sauce, a pork chop, meatball, sausage and pepperoni.  It was a monster of a meal that requires an empty stomach and determination to complete.  The sauce was robust and had a a very good balance of spice, garlic and parmesan.  It is literally a day's worth of food, and provides a day's worth of delicious burps afterwards.  Highly recommended.
This was the perfect low-key bar to kill a few hours before dinner. Pretty good beer selection, surprisingly well made cocktails, and good service. Not too quiet or too loud. We didn't try the food but the fried pickles looked wonderful.
Stopped into triangle tavern during New Years weekend. The place is pretty cool, south Philly hipster vibes. I tried the vegan roast beef sandwich, side vegan meatballs, vegan mozzarella sticks, & vegan buff wings. All I have to say was WOW... everything was amazing! It's a great place to have some drinks but also get down on some great bar food. The staff is friendly and the service was good. I enjoyed it so much I stopped by again in between the mummers activities to get some food with friends before returning back to the festivities. Def stop by for some vegan food when you are in the area!!!
Since their grand re-opening, I think we've been to Triangle Tavern at least 10 times--and each time we've left with new good things to say.

BY FAR my favorite thing on the menu is the Adult Water Ice. I've had just about every flavor but so far nothing tickles my fancy quite like the Peach!
My husband is always stoked on the beer list and has had many a "MMMmm" worthy beverage from their draft list.

I am SO excited to find a place with decent hot wings in the area that I could almost do a cartwheel (which if you know me, you know is a BIG DEAL). Admittedly while typing "h-o-t w-i-n-g-s" I did salivate a little too much (read: drooled).

We've ordered dishes like the spaghetti and meatballs, burger and caesar salad and all have been at or above average (especially considering the price). Everyone (but me because I'm a weirdo) raves about the Sweet Potato Fries but if we could change one thing it would be the standard idaho ones (we're crispy shoestring people). 

Overall a great joint for a quick bite and just a smidge cheaper than the Cantina (our regular go to). LOTS of options for Vegetarians and Vegans!!
First time in the "new" triangle...decor much improved as you can imagine...had the mussels in white...which were good...the sauce was a bit mild for my taste...than the pork with sharp chedder...it was good...but again as with the mussels a bit under seasoned for my taste...my wife was fine with it...then we split the apple crustini I believe they called it and that was fabulous! Moist and tasty...the wife thought it could be improved with a scoop of ice cream but I thought it was fine the way it was...the cake by itself was delicious, and the Apple was just the icing on the cake as it were...we'll be back.
Had dinner and drinks at the Triangle last night. Loved the atmosphere. Crowded and dark, just the way a neighborhood bar should be. We sat at the bar and ordered run  swizzle and drafts. Excellent drinks! Great bartender! 

Food was good, especially the Orchiette with peas and pancetta. The roast pork sandwich was a bit of a letdown. Too fatty. Next time, we will try the mussels which looked great. 

Great little bar in South Philly. Nice change from the pretentious bar scene taking over Philly.
I had no idea this place existed, until a certain chef at a certain vegan restaurant gave us the heads up during a conversation about vegan wings... which I seem to be on a mission to try at every establishment offering them in the city of Philadelphia. Or anywhere else i go, honestly. 

So, we went.  First, its a total dive bar. Kinda dark, kinda old, but thats totally fine.  We went new years day -  night, like 9pm maybe (don't really recall) and it was pretty busy!  We were sat quickly though.  Service was very good, everyone friendly even with the somewhat chaotic environment.

Food: good.  Really good. Like really good and i need to go back for sure. Vegan wings were awesome.  Blackbird has been my #1 for a long time, in and out of Philly, but these wings give even the almighty BB a run for the $$. We also tried the vegan roast beef sandwich. My date loved it but it wasn't really my style. She said it was really really really like the real thing. Maybe i don't like roast beef, its been like 20 years since I had it.  Anyway the bread on the sammich was awesome, flavor was good, very "juicy" which was kind of a turn off for me, but i guess others would enjoy.  

I want to go back and try more... there are a lot of vegan items on the menu.  Ill update my review after next visit where i can sample more items.
That vegan wing bbq sauce is so bangin I wanna dip my girlfriend in it and lick it off. How much for a bucket?
Vegans and meat-eaters rejoice! South Philly grub, options for everyone, divey & chill - enough said
Let me start by saying.. I am a HUGE wing lover. (Yes, I start many reviews with this same sentence, but it's truly a staple of my diet) so I was curious about these renowned Vegan Wings I've been hearing so much about... 

Went here on a nice Tuesday evening and the outdoor seating was packed! Highly recommend coming early if you are looking to dine in. 

We decided to order (1) thing of Buffalo Chicken Wings and (1) thing of Buffalo Vegan Wings - to compare. When we got the order  we noticed the sauce on the Vegan wings looked & tasted different than the sauce on the Chicken wings so we're 95% sure we accidentally received the country sweet style instead.

Despite the wrong sauce, the Vegan Wings were definitely a hit! They were so crispy on the outside, and lathered in the sauce (which was almost like a sweet heat). I was skeptical, but I am now a believer. These were amazing! I think I'd even like them more in the buffalo sauce. 

The Chicken wings were also really delicious -- they were crispy on the outside & nice and tender on the inside. My fiance & I were trying to figure out they cooked them so perfectly- were they roasted then fried? No one knows, but they were incredible. And their buffalo sauce was a delicious buttery classic buffalo sauce -- and were super saucy just the way we like them. Honestly good wings have been increasingly difficult to find in the city (always too dry, too overcooked, not enough sauce, fatty, etc) but these were exactly how we like them! 

Beer prices are a bit high but they have a nice selection. The outdoor area is lovely. And be patient with the staff- they're super swamped with everything opening back up!
I have had the best meal I've had in a while... even thinking about it is making my mouth water so I'm definitely coming back!

There were 4 of us and we all ordered different things to share. I did not want to end up sharing my pepperoni white pizza but sacrifices had to be made! ;)

The service was terrific and our waitress was very attentive. The food was high quality and the frozen adult slushy was a little too good. At the end of the meal I was surprised with how much everything added up; the bill was almost $200 because we were enjoying ourselves a little too much.
Situated in the part of south philly most known for its cheesesteaks, this place typifies what you would expect from gastropubs in the Philly area. We had a quick seating on a weekend, fast service, never an empty drink, and a pretty cheap tab. Love for all of the local haunts in Philly.
went here during the tail end of happy hour and grabbed some wings which were on special, wasn't mad! they were really flavorful and had a lot of meat on them. i had a salad with grilled shrimp on it for dinner and the shrimp were seasoned nicely and it went well with the veggies and dressing
Triangle Tavern never disappoints. Neat corner bar in South Philly with great food. Has a diverse menu that accommodates both meat lovers and vegetarians. The seitan wings are a must try. They're SO good my boyfriend who loves burgers and steaks even chooses them over the regular wings. I recommed asking for extra sauce. The service is usually very attentive as well.
The wings and fries and bartenders are so great!
I wish they had honey mustard.
I wish I liked their sauce being that's a big part of their food thing going on- I'm not saying all Italians gotta make sauce the same way or always have, but having watched my Grandmom make it and other family members, I know that garlic isn't the main attraction or even a presence in a marinara.  I mean one tiny swallow of Triangle's red sauce and you are stinky for days.  
But this vegan doesn't have to love the sauce to love the Triangle- A+
I went here with my boyfriend after a really stressful week, and the atmosphere was exactly what I wanted, and not at all like I expected. It's definitely not super fancy or trendy, kind of like a south Philly thrift store exploded on the walls. It was homey and comfortable, something that can be kind of lost in a lot of the really overwrought hipster places on Passyunk.
     As for the food, the menu is somewhat standard Italian American, though tastier than other places in the area. The specials are what really stood out, especially the pulled pork, mandarin orange, and arugula bruschetta. My boyfriend got the chicken parm sandwich with extra sharp provolone, which was HUGE and OUTSTANDING. Overall, the tiramisu was probably my favorite, giant and covered in buttercream. Our server was Nik, who hooked us up with extra spicy mussels and kept the drinks coming.
Triangle tavern will satisfy old school neighborhood bar fans with it's dark cosy South Philly vibe. I had a creamy pasta entree that was very satisfying, but not so huge that I hurt myself. I tried my friends spaghetti, which seemed spot on. My other friend had a sandwich platter that was enormous, and had a bit too much bread, but was otherwise satisfying. Their menu seems plain, but done well. The vibe is what sells me. Upon hearing that it was my sister's birthday, two Middle aged Italian patrons asked if they could sing to her, then did an expert operatic rendition of Happy Birthday to the loud applause of the restaurant. People said hello and goodbye to us as we walked in and out. Laughing loudly is part of the experience. Overall a really friendly South Philly establishment.
This was my first time here.  I loved the roomy bar and dining room.  This place is a must for vegans!  The vegan buffalo wings were on the happy hour special list (half off).  I prefer regular bbq sauce on my wings but this was traditional wing sauce.  The seitan is superb!  Beer battered stuffed mushrooms were on the special menu and they were vegan!  This was the best thing I ate.  I hope the owners put them on the regular menu because they were delicious!  We also ordered the broccoli rabe, spicy broccoli, spaghetti and vegan meatballs, and polenta fries.  I wouldn't get the rabe again but the spicy broccoli was great.  It's not spicy but very tasty.  I enjoyed the spaghetti and meatballs and would order it again.  I didn't care for the polenta fries but my husband loved them!  I ordered The Rosie and that was good.  My husband liked his on tap stout.  We want to try the vegan roast beef next time.  The staff were attentive and very nice.  We will be back.  Love the location!!!
The only reason they got three stars from me is because there staff was awesome. I obviously ordered the wrong thing. Every one I was with ordered roast beef sandwiches and liked them. I got a bolognese sauce on some pasta. ( it's a Italian place) it was terrible. Sweet and bland. It tasted like it he burned in the pot. Never again
So if I were to write a review on their clams casino they would've gotten a 3.5.  However, I pressed the arrow back button so that I could wait for these vegan meatballs that everyone seems to be raving about.  I am not the type to eat vegan food, and most often I even make fun at the fact that they've given up some of the tastiest foods ever.  In this case I've been proven a fool. These meatballs.... I'm sorry, vegan meatballs are the best damn meatballs I've ever had in my life. Hold the pepper flakes, hold the judgments. These things have zing, they have the garlic, they are moist and MEATY. Come to the triangle and get some... let your predisposed notions be damned.
After a night of moving. Lugging boxes, etc etc. My man friend and I walked into Triangle Tavern, hAngry and disgruntled we zeroed in on 2 open bar stools and ran for them like they were the last chargers to keep our Netflix alive during a breaking bad marathon.   The bartender promptly greeted us with a smile and handed us ice cold waters.  STARVING, I ordered a glass of wine, naturally, and then another. Ah Just what I needed, their house red can cure anyth... Well it can cure 4 hours of maneuvering boxes up and down a 4 story walk up with your significant other. Onto the food. I peruse the menu. Interesting, lots of Philly favorites; pork, meatball, broccoli rabe, I want NONE OF THIS. Man friend quickly makes his pick of the Chicken Parm over Al Dente pasta, no that's not what it says on the menu, Yes that's how it comes. Large and in charge and oh so good. It didn't stand a chance. Being a lover of Royal tavern I proceed to do the UNTHINKABLE, and motion for the bartender. Yes motion, big hand gestures and all, I ask him, word for word " How special is your 'triangle burger' he gets wide eyed, places both arms on the bar in front of me and tells me all about this wonderful burger accompanied by all its... It's... Accoutrement' intrigued and frankly, convinced, I order it. YUM. Best decision of that minute. NO REGRETS. Yay, here's lady bartender with another glass of wine. She tells me next time I should just order a liter. A personal liter of wine? For me? SOLD #basicbitchforlife #gohere
As a former patron of the original, this is the triangle oin name only. I guess I really didn't expect it to be the same, but I
Loved the huge platters of mussels that screamed south Philadelphia back in the day. And the band.....

But I digress. Obviously they quickly tapped into the locals who made this a bustling upbeat place on a Monday night- only I the city my friends. 

I like the menu- nice combo of various typical dishes. The meatballs were tasty if (3 for 7$)  a little smaller than the baseball size is like . Broccoli rabe- not bad but a little chincy on the potion. My main complaint was $14 for a dozen small littlenecks. Well done but way too much for the portion. Beet selection good but not extensive. Service very good. 

I'll give it another chance- the sandwich plates looked pretty good.
Cool spot! Much larger than it looks and the food is really good. I'm rating it a 4 star because it's one of the only places like it in the city. They have lots of vegetarian and vegan friendly options and has a local pub vibe.
The vegan roast beef sandwich is so, so good and so reasonably priced.  The table service is hit or miss, there is one server in particular I am not fond of so I always prefer sitting at the bar.  And the vegan wings are tasty, but I think just a buck or two too expensive for what you get, so four stars overall.
Obsessed. Simply obsessed. Stopped in for a Sunday brunch with my husband. We've heard a lot about the vegan options, especially the cheese steak. Not only were we able to choose from the brunch menu options, but we were also able to pick from the full menu, which I love. I natvwhen you hit up a spot for brunch but are only limited to a few items. We ordered the vegan cheese steak, a side of meatballs, homefries, a salad, and fries. Everything was amazing. The cheese steak is by far the best vegan one in the city. The seitan is flavorful and cooked to perfection. It's shaved well to give every bite greay texture. The whiz is heavenly. We added long hots to The steak, definitely a good move. The meatballs!!! I had to ask my waitress to make sure they didn't serve me regular ones. I haven't eaten meat in 4 years, but they fooled me. Amazing flavor and the red sauce was zesty and tangy.  Not heavy at all. 

Atmosphere was fun. A lot of People were sitting at the bar with drinks. I couldn't help but look at threat of the food coming out. Our waitress was very friendly and recommended we come back for dinner soon. 

Can't wait to return. I want to try the vegan roast beef or pizza next.
I am really glad that The Triangle is back & better than ever. The vegan items are off the charts ( "meat"balls, roast "beef", seitan buffalo wings, cheese"steak", mushroom scrapple, eggplant parmesean) like they seriously couldn't possibly be any better! 
The service is always great (at the bar & in the dining room) and the crowd is mixed eclectic which is my favorite type of crowd . The music isn't great but it's not screaming loud & they have a jukebox so it is easily remedied! The prices are a little bit high on some items but they make up for it on low prices on others (vegan wings $12 ... $3 24oz cans of Miller Lt). 
Over all I think it's a great addition to the neighborhood & I hope the neighbors stop being ridiculous & let them have outdoor seating next year!!!
We found this place via the Yelp app and stopped in to grab some food to go. 

I'm not vegan, or vegetarian, but a "meat minimalist", so after staring at the menu for a bit, I ordered the vegan meatball sandwich and added provolone cheese, and my husband (who is a vegetarian) ordered the eggplant parmesan sandwich. After hearing how the Triangle was known for their mussels, then debating over the white or red sauce, I ordered some to go with red sauce. 

The vegan meatballs were full of flavor and I was impressed with how good my sandwich was. Then I opened the container for the mussels, and wow, they were good. Really good. That red sauce was perfect. My husband even ignored his diet and ate some mussels, without regret. 

There are so many awesome food options on their menu, next time we're in town, we'll have to stop by again.
What a disappointment. Waiter forgot to put in our appetizer order (which he actually recommended) so we waited more than a half hour, hungry,  and then got only our entrees. I ordered white wine, got red. My son ordered fries, never got them. I ordered spaghetti with vegan meatballs. While the meatballs were great, the meal was lukewarm... given the wait, I bet the plate was sitting in the kitchen waiting to get picked up. We paid, left, will not be returning.
Went last night and the place was packed, but the service was excellent.  Seems to be a very experienced, hard-working and friendly staff.  

They have cheap PBR and the chicken parm was bangin'.  5 stars, without question.
The best vegan buffalo wings in the city. Maybe the world.

The vegan roast beef and meatball sandwiches are amazing as well. Great beer selection and down to earth atmosphere. Instantly one of my new favorite bars.
Went for the first time tonight, and it was fantastic! Low key dive bar feel, with fantastic food and amazing service. Maria, was the best server I've had in awhile. The pizza was perfect, the calamari was crispy, and the beed sandwich was juicy AF. This place is a gem. There is something to be said about amazing service with a low key vibe. Triangle Tavern is it.
Went with the family Wednesday night. Brian is always a fantastic server and my meal was excellent. The cauliflower bruschetta was tasty with a decent kick of heat. And the Eggplant Parm was delicious. Mark McKinney has gone and done it again! Going back tomorrow!
I've only been here for drinks so I can't speak to the food, but overall this is a great low-key bar! nice for groups too; we had no trouble getting a table by the bar on a Friday night. prices are reasonable, service was pretty good. no frills, but just what you need in a corner bar.
Triangle Tavern is a fantastic and versatile place to hang out, eat a delicious South Philly dinner, and have a couple drinks. Service is genuine and provides a real feel for getting to know the neighborhood. Vegan options galore, so plus on that! Located on Passyunk, it's a great spot for friends, family & chillin.
After some recent neighborhood bar closures in Bella vista, we finally made it to triangle tavern and the atmosphere is just what we have been looking for. 
Sunday night for the Eagles- dimly lit, attentive bartenders and good background tunes. Will try food next time.
Excellent food.  The polenta fries were amazing.  The mussels were fresh and tasty with a delicious sauce.  The meatballs were homemade! The roast pork sandwich tasted like it was hand carved.  All of the food was top notch and the prices were reasonable. The service was very good and the manager even stopped by to check to make sure everything was OK.  You should definitely check this place out.  Just remember though,  this is south Philly ~ walk or Uber ~ parking is always difficult to find.
Can we just talk about how great it is to have super late night vegan dining options???  I'm not even vegan, but I love that triangle tavern is open until 2am even on Sunday and the vegan/vegetarian menu items equal or surpass the meat eater options. 
This is pretty unusual and basically gets this place 5 stars from the get go. 

Otherwise, it's a bar. So consider this 5 stars for a kinda divey bar across the street from an Acme. It's not fancy, but I wouldn't let the dingy exterior and kitschy interior fool you. This place has a serious menu that is seasonal and with awesome daily specials. 

So come here, this Sunday maybe at midnight, order yourself a vegan crab cake sandwich and enjoy some late night chatter with the friendly bar staff.
My husband and I along with two friends walked down Passyunk to try the
"Triangle Tavern" last week and I must say its a great addition to the array of great food spots in the neighborhood.

The menu is an interesting combo- like royal tavern teamed up with villa Di Roma to make a menu that combines southern italian favorites with red gravy and pub food like burgers and wings. I had the steamed clams as an app and they were delicious. For my entree I had chicken Parmesan which was good but nothing special. Husband got the vegan lasagna and he's not even vegan but thought it was very good. 

Our server reminded me of Ray Liotta's wife in Goodfellas- they def are staying authentic in terms of the atmosphere they are trying to create. I will be back and next time I'm trying the wings!
My go to spot when I want great food and a drink in the late evening. Great ambience with a touch dive to it.
!!VEGAN OPTIONS!! 

Hellloooooo Vegan Heaven! 

The BEST wings, the BEST pizza, the BEST mozzarella sticks, the BEST cheesesteaks... 

Triangle Tavern offers such an amazing variety of A Veganized Bar Food experience. 

So excited to see what is next for this place. I'm thoroughly impressed.
Eggplant parm is delicious. Instead of using regular Italian roll, the bread is a flat similar to ciabatta, very nice crust. I'm not a big fan of arugula but I can enjoy it in the sandwich because it's not too much and blended well with the melty cheese and the tomato sauce.
This is my go-to spot for celebrating big life events as well as making it through a terrible Monday. Triangle has an inviting, authentic South Philly atmosphere with extremely friendly staff that will make you want to be a regular. The best part is that they have some of the best vegan food I've ever had but also have tons of options that my non-veggie friends love. Must try the vegan cheesesteak, polenta fries, vegan mozzarella sticks (only on special sometimes), and honestly I would list everything else. Also be sure to check out their vegan desserts. GO BIRDS!
This was the third stop on the vegan cheesesteak tour. This one is pretty good. I believe they use Blackbird tempeh, which is tasty, but not quite as good as getting it fresh at Blackbird. 

The onions were nice and smoky, the roll was fresh, and the cheese wiz-type sauce was melty with decent flavor. A solid pub sandwich. 

The wait and bar staff were friendly.
Solid vegan food and wonderful staff. We love the neighborhood and order regularly. Our favorite is the fried chicken sandwich which isn't always available but it hits the spot every time
Wanted to support these guys during the pandemic so I ordered some cocktails to-go. Apparently the item was no longer in stock so the bartender decided to take it upon himself to come out and make sure as unprofessionally as possible that the item was out of stock and that I was an idiot because I didn't see that on their webpage. I live two blocks from here, they will never get my business again. Head elsewhere if you want to be treated politely and as a valued patron. Embarrassing.
Okay, so my daughter goes to school
in Philly. She and friends have been trying out all of Vegan restaurants. She called and told me how great Triangle Tavern is. 
Since my daughter was coming home, I asked her to order all of the things I wanted to try. She ordered the food last night, had it delivered, put it in the fridg.  and flew home with them today. 
She brought Sweet Country Style and Buffalo ribs, Philly Cheesesteak and Eggplant Parmesan. OMG soooooooooo good. I took a few bites of each item.  I will enjoy for the next few days.
If you are in Philly, you MUST eat at Triangle Tavern. Triangle Tavern is not a vegan only restaurant. The have regular items but we just eat vegan.
Upon entering you will see bar area. Several steps up you will find the dining area.

Fried calamari: really delicious. Perfectly cooked and tender with crunchy batter. Highly recommended.

Salad is fresh. Vegan meatballs are made from eggplants and mushrooms as I was told. I had it as side order. It's dense and delicious but it's more to the salty side. The gravy is a little bit thick and salty. My father in law had regular meatballs and spaghetti. It's pretty good and gravy is thick, I think it's need more gravy.  Both are okay, I don't see any wow factor.

My husband had bacon kimchi burger and he loves it. 

Tiramisu is my ok, you can skip it. It's just soaked lady fingers with whipped cream
I love hanging out at the triangle tavern. Although I feel like the bartenders give no shits if you're a neighbor. The service is good anyway. I had the vegan meatball sandwich and it was good. I also had the vegan mushroom bruschetta (it was a special) which was VERY tasty. I wish there were more vegan options that included actual vegetables, but I'm pleased there's any option honestly.
They did an excellent job considering the Covid circumstances. You ordered everything through your phone with a server delivering it to the table. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I am personally not vegan but went with a vegan friend and the selection was huge and everything was good. The only thing was that you have to pay as you go with drinks/food and cannot run a tab so if you're getting multiple rounds you need to keep using your card for multiple transactions.
You know you're in Philly when you walk thru the doors of the Triangle Tavern. Local flavor covers every inch of the walls, Phils, Flyers, Mummers even Al Alberts! Spacious bar in the center with ample table seating around the perimeter. Friendly knowledgeable wait staff.  Not a huge menu, but something for everyone especially the vegetarian/vegan in your crowd. Went with a party of 6 and ordered across the menu. Everything was prepared well and flavorful. No complaints from anyone. And the prices won't kill ya'. Nice drinks/beer/wine selection as well. They'll certainly have your usual, but mostly it's guest selections you may not have heard of. Would go back next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Definately a mixture of a lotta things. Good food, decently priced drinks, interesting crowd, bartenders are alright. Overall great time. Good location too.
NOTE **the online menu does not yet have the vegan mozzarella sticks listed, only the vegetarian ones.  The in restaurant menu does have the vegan ones listed.  They are available! Hopefully they'll update the online menu soon to avoid confusion
Best meatballs around and I'm beyond picky about a good meatball.  I take my 3 sons here many times and those boys like good food and good value .  It's one of our favorite spots to chow down. Get a side of garlic bread and some meatballs.  You won't regret it. It's what dreams are made of.
I'm not going to say much more than everyone else on here...THIS PLACE IS GREAT! 

From the adult water ice (Rita's across the street closed, and now I have a place to get water ice with vodka...touche Triangle) to the vegan meatballs, this place nails it. It's a happy addition to the neighborhood. 

I will say this- it gets LOUD. Like really, really loud. So don't come here for a quiet conversation, however if you have something you want to shout this is the place. lol.
