It had been years since I dined at this location so when my girlfriend wanted to go here to catch up on a weeknight, I was all for it. 

We arrived just a little before 5pm (happy hour is from 5-7pm) and were ready to indulge in lots of wine and cheese and hoped for some good specials. Sadly, their happy hour deals aren't very impressive at all, so besides a glass of wine for $5, everything we ordered came off the regular menu.

We started off with a few snacks including Crab-Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, Warm Poached Black Mission Figs and an order of the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta Bruschetta. All three of them were delightful. The bruschetta was my personal favorite. I loved the lavender honey that was drizzled on top. I would definitely return to Tria for that!

We then moved on to ordering two different cheeses which were quickly brought out to the table. The cheese came with a substantial amount of bread and some delicious jam. 

To conclude our evening, we shared the Banana-Hazelnut Bread Pudding with Nutella sauce. Being a huge fan of bread pudding and Nutella, I was very excited about this dessert. Sadly, it didn't impress. I thought the bread pudding was quite dry. I also didn't taste much hazelnut. Still, it was a good way to end a few hours spent wining and dining. 

Our waiter was fantastic - so nice and friendly, and also very knowledgeable. We asked him for recommendations on both wine and food a couple different times and he gave us helpful answers each time. 

I would happily return here for another wine and cheese night in the future. I only wish their happy hour was more promising.
If you read my recent review for Tria Rittenhouse, this one is essentially going to be pretty similar. We once again ordered the Cheesy Package for 2 from Tria's current takeout menu. This time, we went with pickup instead of delivery because we also wanted some wine. 

Again, everything was packaged so nicely though I will say Rittenhouse had a slight edge because they packaged their side salads separately (not a big deal). This time, we went with two sandwiches, one turkey and one tuna. I asked for aioli on the side for the turkey sandwich but didn't think to ask for no mayo on the tuna since our sandwich the week before didn't have any. Turns out, the tuna sandwich does come with mayo and it was on there pretty thick, so it's something I'll keep in mind for next time. 

We also switched up our dessert from the flourless chocolate torte the week before to the ricotta cheesecake. I didn't think the chocolate could be topped but the cheesecake was incredible! Next time, we might have to add on the extra dessert because it will be tough to decide between the two. 

Can't wait to enjoy Tria in person again but I'm loving their current to-go offerings!
Do you hate sleeping with the person who you are dating?  If the answer is yes, then boy do I have the place you should avoid: Tria.  Definitely do not go here.  Passion is overrated and you are way too frigid to want a place like this.  

Tria makes no sense.  It exists in a bizarro world where everything is delicious and reasonably priced in a romantic environment that stays classy without being stuffy.  Whether it be your first date or 50th date, I can't imagine this place losing its appeal.

I highly recommend checking out the Sunday School specials here.  You get to try a half-price wine, beer, and cheese.  It is great.

Standard menu highlights:
Bruschetta - Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey - Fantastic

Grilled Artichoke, Spicy Tuscan Pepper, White Bean and Bulgarian Feta Panino - The flavors here dance around each other like a couple in the midst of a waltz...a sexy waltz.  It tastes like the ingredients make it sound which is excellent.

Banana, Caramel and Mascarpone Panino for dessert - This is RICH.  I'm talking like Scrooge McDuck swimming in his astoundingly unrealistic money-bin rich.  It is a very heavy dessert.  If I had to compare it to a metal song, it would be Metallica's Whiplash.  It is that heavy. Don't even try to take a bite out of this if you think you are already full because it will be the end of you.
Definitely WAY overrated. Also a tad over-priced. "Hipster" friendly scene though.

The wine list looked better than it was. Reminded me of the days when I first got into wine and didn't really know much other than, "there's red and there's white." And that's pretty much the wine options Tria gave; red or white (nothing special about them).

The food was EXTREMELY disappointing as well. I don't know if the chef was having an off day or what. But the food was just sloppy and not thought out. Flavors clashing evrywhere... it was upsetting.

- Roasted Beets with Bulgarian Feta Cheese: Just some beets and feta cheese thrown on a plate.
- Tuscan Three Cheese Potato Chips with Smoked Paprika Aioli: Actually doesn't come with the aioli, according to the waitress. The chips were tasty, but you only are served two chips per person.
- Gorgonzola with Fig Jam Bruschetta: Too much fig jam, not enough gorgonzola. I love fig jam too... but they slathered way too much on.
- Smoked Mozzarella, Crispy Prosciutto & Tomato Brushetta: Best dish we got. The vinaigrette on top was very good.
- Tomato Brushchetta: It looked like this dish was literally made by a young kid. The tomato was all cut WAY too big for bruschetta, making it very messy and sloppy to eat. Only good part was the vinaigrette on top.

On the plus side, we had a very prompt and friendly waitress. But I'd just skip Tria and go somewhere worth it.
We were on the search for a casual eatery prior to a show at the theater and Tria café fit the bill. We arrived during happy hour which runs from 5 PM to 7 PM. There were no available tables so we opted to sit at the bar. There are also outdoor dining tables. 

The bartenders were very personable and professional. The happy hour menu offered a small selection of $5 wines, beers and snacks. We ordered the cheese and salami appetizer which was ok for five bucks. 

The dinner menu includes salads, sandwiches and small bites. We ordered the roasted beets and goat cheese salad and the roasted turkey ciabatta bread. The salad was fabulous and I didn't think I was really a beet person. One of the best beet salads I've had! The turkey sandwich, served cold, was very tasty and on great bread. A good sandwich is typically all about the bread. 

All in all, Tria café offers some nice food options at affordable prices.
I'm in love...and I think this one's a keeper. But I'm not selfish and oddly enough, in this instance, I don't mind sharing, so you can get in on the action, too.

Tria's got it all, from the hip, loungey decor to one of the best beer and wine lists in the city. And the service will make you weak in the knees - you'll never spend a second wanting for anything. Anything goes with the menu (our party of four ate our hearts out) and you'll leave feeling satisfied and totally ready for seconds!

I'm totally going back for seconds because this place really lit my fire. I just hope that it was as special for Tria as it was for me...
After closing down a nearby restaurant, it was decided that Tria was the closest spot for a drink in a quiet atmosphere.  At around midnight, the bar was surprisingly quiet for a Saturday and there were only a few tables still occupied.  I loved the dark, sexy vibe, flickering candles and the music selection, which was loud enough to hear but not so much that we had to shout over it.  

Since I had already enjoyed several beverages throughout the late afternoon and evening, I asked the bartender for a light beer of his choice.  He suggested one of their newest beers, Avril, which turned out to be a refreshing Belgian Ale.

It was a lovely evening and I plan to return soon for another relaxing night, perhaps with wine and cheese next time.
I see that it's been some time since I've raved about Tria. It's still perfect! I go here about twice as often as I go to every other bar in Philadelphia combined. Here are some things that make Tria the best: 

-There isn't a bad item on the menu. Every once in awhile I'll order something that isn't to my taste, but you could randomize the menu via computer, order whatever drinks, cheeses and snacks come up first, and be completely assured that you will have a high-quality, lovely meal.

-The staff is so great: knowledgeable and nice and willing to listen to your preferences and suggest just exactly the right thing. Sometimes they suggest just exactly the right thing with nary a clue from you at all; it's kind of uncanny.

-Deals! On weekdays at happy hour time, they offer a selection of menu items (usually a red wine, a white, a cheese and two different beers) for $5 each. All day on Sunday, there's a wine, a beer and a cheese for half price. I trust Tria a lot, so I usually just get whatever's on special without thinking twice - you can try all kinds of delicious, well-chosen stuff for a pittance.

-The rewards card. On the plus side, you get gift cards after you spend a certain amount, as well as prizes for trying x different wines, beers and cheeses. The minus is that every time you use the card, you can see a lifetime running total of how much you've spent at Tria, and the number can be downright staggering. Don't you think, though, that drinking and eating really well is easily as responsible a way to spend hard-earned cash as, say, paying down student loans? Yeah, me too.

Tria's top-shelf menu would be enough to bring me there frequently at full price, but when you factor in the top-shelf service and discounts, it's hard to justify going anyplace else.
When my roommate asked me for a Sunday night date spot recommendation, I suggested Tria in a hurry. She's been excited all week for the date she was supposed to have last night. Low and behold, her date cancels 15 minutes prior to their actual meeting time. LAME! So, in good roommate form, I took her out instead. 

Tria offers a Sunday School special where they feature one wine, one cheese and one beer. The featured wine was an Australian Mataro/Shiraz made by Some Young Punks. The bottle is called "Drink'n'Stick." For only $6, we ordered glass after glass. You can't beat a Sunday night at Tria. Even if your date stands you up, find a friend and go.
WOW!  The service here was just impeccable, truly seamless.  

A friend and I stopped in last night for the 5 at 5 happy hour special.  We enjoyed savory glasses of red wine ($5), cheese ($5) & a white bean spread ($3.5).  

We quickly received our wine and food, our water glasses were filled and just as I was going to ask for extra bread our server placed some freshly toasted slices on the table.  Once finished with our food the plates were cleared and the table was wiped down, twice.  

Get there by 6 if you want to secure a table in the back.
Tria is one of those Philly institution's that I've known about forever. Yet no matter how many time's people have recommended stopping in for an evening of Sunday School bliss, or to savor the brilliance of their 5 for 5 Happy Hour; making it down is just one of those things I've completely slacked on!

That was until Krista P. suggested it for an after after party destination for Yelp's Swanky Sunday party. And from that point forward I've found myself absolutely enamored. From its fine selection of wines and eclectic beers; to its impressive selection of cheese, delicious bruschettas, and tasty small plates. Tria is all about relaxing and tasting the good life. But fortunately it does so with plenty of opportunities that don't really break the bank in the process.

Its Sunday School menu is hands down one of those things that make Sunday's a little more tolerable. The high quality Belgians that I have tried from it have been ridiculously reduced, and it gives you fine opportunity to experience some wines and cheeses that you likely otherwise wouldn't. Another true gem is it Happy Hour which does exactly as it sounds by dishing out five choices among white wine, red, wine, a cheese plate, and 2 beers for just $5 each.

While this review might not cover much that an astounding lot of you don't already know, it definitely covers enough to make me a fan for life who needs to make it down and savor some of their amazing sounding salads and sandwiches!
back to happier thoughts

this place is like an unexpected sincere smile from a stranger that makes you believe in the general good of humanity 

a stranger when i walk in
good friends when i leave 

many delicious foods and libations to nibble and sip while making small talk 
making goo goo eyes
making life fun
So, you are on a business trip, meet a fellow traveler whose company you enjoy, it's 11:30pm, but you know that, on no uncertain terms, you do not want to take this person back to your hotel room having just met.  What to do?  

Well, how about some dessert wine in a public place like Tria?  

It's open until 2am and quiet so you can have more great conversation about molecular biology, Puerto Rico, travel, metaphysics, movies, books, Italian food, and jazz/blues, but also have the comfort of plenty of people and waitresses around.  There are bites to eat if either of you are hungry (great cheese and salad selection), and there are plenty of wines and spirits to choose from.

As a business traveler, Tria was a wonderful place to visit.  Jillian, my waitress was a delight.  

I tried both the Tawny Port -15 yr ages Yalumba ($10) and the Banyuls, M. Chapoutier ($10.50).  The view of the hustle and bustle on the streets was nice.  The wooden bar, hanging lights, and decor were appealing.

Despite my gratitude for ANY late night safe haven, I'd go back to Tria when next in Philly in a heartbeat.
Tria, oh Tria...

You're an encapsulation of everything I adore about Philadelphia.  So many adjectives apply when talking about you:

Cozy.  Charming.  Classic.  Beautiful.  Unpretentious.  Friendly.  Delicious.

You know what else?  You're also affordable and accessible.

I dropped by Tria on a Wednesday evening, after hearing nothing but raves about it from a friend.  The place was bustling with activity, most filled with couples on dates, but a few solo diners were there as well.  I decided to belly up to the bar.

First of all, it was happy hour, so house wines were $5.  Their house white was a delicious blend whose name escapes me.  It was the perfect thing to sip on while waiting for my food too arrive.

I decided to build a dinner out of a couple appetizers, since I was aiming to taste as much as possible.  These two apps made a perfect meal:

** Tuscan white bean spread.  An incredibly delicious dish.  The spread was smooth, a little fatty, a little cheesy, and intensely flavorful.  Imagine your favorite hummus kicked up a dozen notches.  The crispy crostini slices were the perfect substrate for the spread.

** Truffled egg toast.  Now this was the pièce de résistance of the evening.  A gorgeous piece of toast on a bed of fresh arugula, served with lovely truffles, cheese, and a perfectly fried egg on top.  The minute my fork touched the egg, it burst open and oozed into everything, for a heavenly taste experience.  This is a dish I would order over and over again.

Just like the food, the service at Tria is exceptional.  All of the bartenders are friendly and efficient.  When one accidentally poured a customer the wrong beer, she offered it to me for free.  Little acts of kindness like this seem to be dead everywhere else in the food scene, but customer service is still alive and well at Tria.

...and that's why, when I return to Philadelphia, Tria will be at the top of the list of places to revisit.  It can't come soon enough!
I had a fantastic meal at Tria!

My friend recommended this spot and made a reservation for us. Tough to find street parking, but we made it to our reservation and had a high top inside. The menu consists of small shareable plates. To eat we ordered a cheese board with three delicious cheeses and a small plate each. I ordered the white bean soup with fennel and broccoli rabe for myself and my friend had the duck salad. To drink we each had a glass of orange wine. Our waitress explained the processes for making orange wine and was very knowledgeable about the wine menu. This was my first time having orange wine and I'm hooked!

The cheese, soup, and wine were delicious! This was the perfect little restaurant to spend a cozy evening on a chilly Philadelphia night.
Tria, you are perfect.  I like that I can walk in wearing my work clothes (read: jeans and a casual 90s-esque sweater) and immediately feel classy, but not out-of-place.  I liked that most of your patrons were wearing jeans, despite your rich, dark interior and your candlelight.  I like that your waitresses are so friendly that they way they greet me makes me say "heeeeeeey" - the way I do to close friends - because I feel like I really know them.  I like that when my friends ask for their recommendations they take the time to figure out what my friends do and don't like and converse about the options before making a suggestion.

The carmelized onion + feta bruschetta was absolutely delicious.  The feta was creamy, but without the overwhelming goat smell and sour taste one encounters in lower-quality feta.  The texture matched perfectly with the onions, which tasted rich and thick, savory and sweet.

I'm not usually the type of girl to order a salad, but I was craving some greens, and more cheese - so I ordered the Chicken/smoked bacon jawn.  It was exquisite.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the smoky flavor gave it a depth I was not expecting - outstanding!  The blue cheese melted in my mouth and combined well with the greens and the meat.  I paired this with an Argentinian Malbec, which was not as smooth as the Barbera I'd had earlier in the evening, but created a nice complement to my meal.

Oh!  And Before I submit this review, I have to say that the bathroom was sparkling.  I can tell it's cleaned frequently.  It's very minimalist, so there's nowhere for clutter to accumulate.  The floors and surfaces were spotless.  I couldn't have been happier.

So let's recap:  excellent wine, top-notch food, helpful, attentive servers, classy/sophisticated vibe, and pristine bathrooms.  Tria = WIN.
I prefer the Spruce St. location over the Rittenhouse for casual outings and the location is great...sitting outside in a mellower neighborhood on a nice day.  Service was solid both times I've been.

Decent selection of staples (wine & cheese) and I like the menu's format; broken down by cheese & wine styles to make the experience more approachable for people interested in getting into the wine-bar approach.

If you can't tell already from the bazillion other reviews, the cheese is a big bonus, although a friend of mine who knows cheese better than I complained about their cheese storage methods or something like that.  

Still, there's something I can't quite put my finger on that makes me feel like Tria is a spot to stop in and have bites & sips, but not a destination...I'd give 3 stars to Rittenhouse (much smaller and louder) especially if you came in a dinner-mode.
Yes yes yes. stopped in last night after 1st Friday action and it was every bit as good, if not better. We sat at the bar this time and the same sense of team work I noticed on the floor is seen behind the bar. 

I had the Spanish Tuna with Black Olive-Red Pepper Tapenade and Arugula Sandwich and was blown away. I'm talking empty plate club!
Let's say you're in the mood for a nice, summery beer (Dogfish Head Festina Peche, perhaps?) al fresco but still need to get a bit o' work done. Such was the case this week when we arrived at Tria. The kind staff set us up at two tables on the sidewalk, conveniently positioned next to an outlet to keep our laptops juiced.

Snack-wise, you cannot go wrong ordering the Parmesan olive oil potato chips. I can't wait to return and sample more of the menu!

If you love to eat and drink outside, Tria is an ideal spot.
2 Words SUNDAY SCHOOL 
3 Things wine cheese and beer 50% off 
in the words of Bill Bergy "it doesnt get any better than this"
There I was, on the first cold Saturday night of the fall, 59 bearish degrees, and the Tria Cafe was full and the bar couldn't fit one more fat ass if it tried....no room at the Inn.  However, the cheery hostess suggested an outside table.  You've gotta be effin kidding me, right?  Ahhhh, under one of the many space heaters suspended from the side of the building, there was an outdoor table with my name written all over it.

Our server for the evening was Mary,. a very very attractive person and personality to match, who helped us tremendously through our explores.  And she had the cutest runner guy who brought out all of my beers and my friend's wines...plus food too, an all encompassing fulfill-er.

Mary helped us with a couple of cheese selections which fit our alcoholic beverages like a glove, as well as salad and sandwich selections.  You couldn't go wrong here tonight, from the cheeses to the salad to the sandwiches, all were perfect.  No need to get specific.  Service 5 stars, beer and wine choices 5 stars, food 5 stars.  I love this place.

A perfect evening and another great find thanks to my YELP friends here.
OMG OMG OMG OMG.

If I wasn't already moving to DC, (peace out, SF), I'd move to Philadelphia for this restaurant alone.  

Usually when I go to a restaurant, I have trouble finding things I like to eat.  Not because the food is bad, but I'm allergic and/or picky.  

This restaurant's entire menu is what I wanted to eat.  I seriously had some epic decisions to make.  

Happy hour?  Yes please.  

Yup, I'll take the Truffled Egg Toast with Fontina Cheese.
Sure, I'd like to try the Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries.
Okay, I still have room for the Smoked Chicken and Lancaster Bacon Salad with Black River Blue Cheese and Balsamic Vinaigrette.
And why not?  I'll have the Lemon Square with Blueberry Compote.

And dear lord, please lift me off the sidewalk because I ate EVERY.  SINGLE.  BITE.  

Service also deserves a nod because they delivered all of the above food (plus the special white wine) to me without making me feel like a pig.  

I want, nay, need to come back here. 

Plus side, I'll only be a train ride away.
We stopped by Tria for after-dinner drinks following after a particularly filling dinner at Morimoto. I ordered a Greek red (Xinomavro) and it was excellent. The service was lax, but attentive at the same time. I particularly enjoyed the vibe of this place; it's where I would love to have a first date. It's comfortable, intimate, and has a great selection of nibblers, wine, and beer.

Take your girl (or guy) out here for a Friday night glass (or five!) of wine and see where the night takes you.
Let me set the scene:

Beautiful, mid-summer day, early afternoon.  We were in the mood for a relaxing European lunch and headed straight for Tria where we sat outside at a romantic table for two.

I ordered the Prosecco and my honey enjoyed a class of Chardonnay.  We selected two cheeses for an appetizer and they were delicious.  We each tried a panini - I got the vegetable with feta cheese and it was heavenly.  The whole experience was wonderful from beginning to end, and service was excellent.  Tria is very versatile - you can go for a casual lunch, a glass of wine with friends, or a romantic dinner.  We are sure to be back!
One word sticks out in my mind when I think of this Tria: "Nice."

It's a nice place to visit for an open environment on a warm night.
It's filled with incredibly nice staffers.
It's a nice, mellow place to catch up with friends.

Like the other Tria locations, their food and drinks are phenomenal. This is the farthest Tria from my current home, so I'm not here all too often unless meeting someone in the area, but I love the atmosphere here.

On my most recent visit last week, the group ahead of us snatched the last outdoor table. Since we preferred a street-side table, we put our name in and started at the small bar.

Note: No hooks.

After ordering drinks and hanging out for a bit, our table was ready and the tab was easily transferred without needing to close at the bar. Always a positive!

I ordered the smoked chicken salad (ingredients change seasonally), as well as the pistachio herbed ricotta and a flourless chocolate torta.

Notes: Too much food. Incredible food.

If you haven't been to a Tria yet, you should probably pick one and go ASAP. Such a great restaurant group!
Date night at Tria
Election bliss everywhere
Beer Food Service perfect

I am open to the idea that I may have been caught up in a perfect storm of the neighborhood, the wet streets, the spirit of change, and good company that has me seeing this little place with such fondness...but I think Tria is just that good. With an inviting coziness, a stellar beer and wine list, and inspired noshes, Tria is a true gem. 

The service was spot on. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable and the "busser" who was more like a back server that is in charge of keeping things stocked (waters full, empty plates cleared, etc...) was great too. How often do you notice how good those guys are? Well this crew complimented each other and had all the right moves.  

The libation list had a nice mix of items I hold in high regard and others I'd never heard of, but looked inviting. 

To be honest I was not that hungry and as the beers started flowing I became less so. BUT, after eyeing the food list up and down I had to try something! That something was a delicious sweet potato, goat cheese, chopped walnuts, and balsamic reduction...I'm out of practice as a waiter so I am leaving out a few specifics in the description, but no bother. Just know it was clean the plate good.

In short, they have their shit together and are firing on all cylinders!
Sorry, but I just was not impressed with the food.  We had several small plates - and a really bitter greens-based salad.  Also a dessert panini which sounded much better on paper than it actually tasted.

The service was fine, if a bit dis-interested,  and the decor and vibe call for a 4 or 5 star rating but the food was not worth the price, and not especially memorable.
Hot damn!  I love this place.  Where else can one go and not feel guilty about spending a pretty penny on 5 glasses of wine?  Okay, I may be a lush, but it's hard to resist not trying several wine selections from Tria's well-chosen (and adorably named) list... also it's hard to not to indulge in one of their decadent dessert wine, port and sherry selections either.

Mind you, my friends and I were there for at least three hours. (So consuming five glasses of vino in the course of three hours isn't bad, is it? IS it? sheesh) - and in that time, the staff was super helpful, available and friendly.  It was some of the best service I've had in Philly in quite some time.

Loved the location, the ambiance, the space (much roomier than the original on 18th), the big windows - .  It has a decent bar area, that seats about 10 or so.

The cheese list is delectable (I only wish it was more extensive!) -I loved that they didn't skimp with the baguette slices (and they gave us more without having to ask) - Also, I liked that they offer up a spread with your chosen cheeses.  We went for a chèvre, a gres des vosges and a super bold cheese with paprika (name escapes me now) - and they respectively accompanied it with a cherry spread, a truffled mushroom paté and sage honey.  Yummers. 

As our three hours rounded out, we also indulged in some bruschetta - try the smoked mozzarella, roasted tomato and prosciutto (can one ever get enough bread and cheese? that's the question) - and salads (which they generous split for us, no hassle!)

I can see how the place can fill up - awesome service + faboo wine/beer/cheese list and a place you can stay three hours chatting, drinking and eating away without a care in the world?  Sign me up.
If I lived in Philly, I would come here all the time. This was one of the places I most wanted to try and it so lived up, not to mention everything on the menu was very reasonably priced. And I thought our waitress was the greatest, especially when she described the range of cheeses they had as "mild to wild" with a totally deadpan expression and commented that she wouldn't judge me if I eat leftover baking chocolate chips by themselves. 

On to the food!
Charcuterie board: my favorite hands-down was the cheese-stuffed peppers and the chili oil for dipping. The house bread in particular was bomb. Would go really well with a glass of red. 

Warm poached mission figs with gorgonzola and prosciutto. How good do those words sound. I know I say this a lot in my reviews but I really can eat a whole plate of this particular dish by myself. 

Hickory smoked salmon salad. I didn't really want to share. 

Pistachio ricotta cheesecake: despite being full and not even really wanting dessert to begin with, I took the lead in demolishing the cheesecake. The cherry compote was a stand-out. 

They don't take reservations and I can see how on a warm summery night, the wait would be pretty long so get here early if you can.
Tria, I'm a little embarrassed, but sometimes I call out for your tuffled egg toast in my sleep... what a perfect, simple, plate of divine snackery. 

My husband and I go "Mr. and Mrs. Fox" here on a fairly regular basis. Complete with the resulting messy table covered with little bits of evidence of our black-out style tapas inhalation. There's no one experience here to report on, only a long list of consistent "wins" by this place--beginning with, you guessed it, "truffled egg toast." On a bed of arugula, this little yellow-eyed cheesy toast slice is a little slice of heaven. Without fail, it's always on our order, and recently we canned the sharing and started getting two orders instead of one. The ricotta and honey crostini is also to die for, with its smooth ricotta cheese and drizzled sweetness. Other favorites include the white bean and asparagus salad, the mushroom panini, the three cheese and tomato panini, and the crab-stuffed peppers.

The wine list has lovely well-priced choices and the beer list is always fresh and you're sure to find exactly the thing you want. They seem so careful about their selection of wine and beer that you can almost blindly place your finger on the list and choose whatever and it would be wonderful.

The ambience is also clean and relaxing. If you get a table outside during nice weather, that is great, but even sitting inside during nice weather doesn't make you feel cheated at all. The open feel of the place and the large windows keep it feeling inviting yet it still manages to feel cozy during the cold months. The staff has always been sooooo friendly and professional. They also know how to explain every wine and beer so you're never left to decipher short explanations from the menu on your own. 

This place is one of my favorite places in the city... and always top of my list when the "where do you want to go" conversation pops up.
My boyfriend hates the Philadelphia Eagles. Loathes them. Utterly despises them. It's been an area of contention in our relationship for some time now: I have enough tshirts and jerseys to keep me in clean clothes for two weeks. I am all for allowing my future children to experiment with different belief systems and choose which best suits them, if any. I am NOT willing to allow my future children to experiment with different football teams and choose which best suits them. Birds or bust. 

Last night, after an unbelievably romantic and delicious meal, boyfriend told me he'd be willing to convert to the Eagles...and I'm pretty sure Tria had something to do with it. 

On a so-spot-on-it-feels-like-telepathy suggestion from fellow Yelper Tracy W., boyfriend and I took the train from Absecon to Philly to celebrate his quarter century mark yesterday. We arrived at Tria after a brisk but fun walk from South Street a little after 7pm. The 20 minute wait time was far less than I expected and gave us some time to get a feel for the place. 

I instantly fell in love. Tria is the culmination of every delightfully decadent juxtaposition you can imagine: it is dark chocolate topped with sea salt. It is bacon, peanut butter, and chocolate chip cookies. It is melon wrapped in proscuitto. Tria has the potential to be pretentious to the max, but not a single person we encountered had even the faintest air that they might be aware of this. 

I know next to nothing about wines (that's boyfriends area of expertise,) so I let him have at it and ordered myself a glass of the Cava Brut. Stay where you're better acquainted, I always say. 

The menu was exactly what we were looking for. Everything sounded simple but satisfying, and each dish we tried was more impressive than the last. Even though this is a tapas bar, I am pleasantly shocked at how Tria can serve ample sharing portions of such fresh and creative food for such a reasonable price! We tried: 
Scottish smoked salmon on toasted brioche with marscapone and pine nut-raisin relish. The salmon was buttery and light without being overly oily. The brioche was the consistency of a well-textured poundcake. The pine nut-raisin relish gave the dish an unexpected but enjoyable texture. Loved the sweet and salty combination.
Olive oil rosemary potato chips with truffle aioli. One of the standouts of the night. I love that Tria isn't stingy with the truffle; a lot of the dishes use it. I was hoping they'd truffle boyfriend and serve him. Maybe better luck next time.
Truffled egg toast with Fontina fontal. This is what I will eat for breakfast everyday when I'm filthy rich. And a glass of champagne. I don't need those arteries anyway.
Truffled mushroom with Fontina bruschetta. Another standout of the night. It's something special when you can smell exactly how the dish tastes before it's in your mouth. This bruschetta was a knockout. 
Carmelized onion with Feta bruschetta. This was boyfriend's favorite. I've never tasted onions so delicious.
Smoked duck with poached cherries, pistachios, Grana Padano, spinach, and citrus-mint vinaigrette salad. This was the upset of the night, and I mean that in a great way. I'm not usually a fan of duck, but this salad changed my mind. A forkful with a little bite of everything produced the most complex, smokey-sweet, refreshing salad I've ever had in my life. In my life! We couldn't finish everything. I so badly wanted to try the banana, caramel, and marscapone panino...but it would have gone to waste.

Tria has this impeccable way of balancing the crowd they undoubtedly get every night with the intimacy of sharing this experience with someone. We were seated at a 2-person table next to a wall/window. Even though we were very close to the table next to us, it felt like we were the only people in the room. 

It's such a novel experience at Tria. You're encouraged to sit and savor every minute of your time there. If you decide to order something to snack on, great. If you'd prefer to sit and enjoy a glass of wine, perfect. Our server didn't come around and demand, "Are you done?" She quietly but deftly swooped around and politely asked , "Are you still enjoying?" What a great way to put it.

Now I'm not sure if it was the abundance of truffle he consumed, or the several glasses of wine he imbibed, or the sheer romance of the meal we had just shared, but on our way back to South Street, boyfriend uttered these words:

"Can we move here? Please? If we move here, I'll become an Eagles fan."

I'm dubbing this the Tria Effect. I cannot wait to come back...maybe next time I'll come home with a diamond ring!
Tria has the best wine and cheese selection in the city!
Tria is an amazing tapas spot! It's great for getting a variety of different dishes and sharing among friends. Some of my favorites were the artichokes, burrata flatbread, and cheese board. Everything we ordered was delicious but those were the standout favorites. The cocktails were also all amazing, and they had some great seasonal drinks. The service was also very good. I would definitely recommend Tria for a nice day of drinks and snacks with friends. Bonus if you get to sit outside on a nice day!
Lived up to the hype.

Atmosphere: 10/10
Tucked in Society Hill - its got a vibe of its own and very open to the outdoors. Good to meet ppl there, date, post up and sip somethin.... its good for whatever. 
-------------------------
Taste: 9/10
The Truffle Toast is such an easy win - good bread toasted w/ a little truffle oil, fontina, and a yolk w/ a little salt and pepper... I could eat that daily. BUT, the Duck Salad... fawk. This was a surprise. The smoked duck is excessively moist and is complimented by everything in the salad - the cheese, the cherries, the pistachios, the light dressing... - I rarely talk about salads, but this was top 3 for sure. 
-------------------------
Quality: 10/10
I was impressed by every ingredient in both dishes - except for the arugula w/ the truffle toast... i don't get arugula... beat it.  
-------------------------
Service: 9/10
Cool staff and w/ great menu knowledge and a sense of passion about the product they're representing.
-------------------------
Value: 10/10
$10 salad and $6.50 for the toast... I can do that anytime.
-------------------------
Comparative: 10/10
...I can't think of anything to compare it to. 1/1.
-------------------------
Overall Personal Opinion: 9/10
I would really like to call this one of my more frequented spot - but unfortunately I'm not in Philly often enough. But I will be back. 
-------------------------
Grade: 9.57 (A)
Good news for wine, beer and cheese lovers...tria is multiplying!  Their second location just opened 3 weeks ago on Washington Square West and it's fabulous!  

After a light meal, we stopped by to try Ewephoria with Mango Chutney. Our servers were very helpful and friendly and recommended wines to complement the cheese.  

The menu is extensive, ambience is swanky lounge and great for after dinner stops.  

We stumbled by it last night on our walk home and we're going back tonight!
What can I say about Tria that 74 other reviews haven't? Yes, the menu is chosen so well that you could throw darts at it and come up with something that would be better than 99% of restaurants in the city. Sure, the staff are super-friendly and super-knowledgeable. I secretly want to invite all of them to a party some day. It's true, Sunday School offers the best price-to-deliciousness ratio around.

I'll spare you several paragraphs of gushy praise and give it to you straight: Tria is practically flawless both in concept and execution. You want to go here.

Practical note that might actually be useful to someone: this location is bigger, so you have a better shot at getting in within the hour. It also has more outdoor seating for al fresco indulging, perhaps with your pooch, who will enjoy fresh ice water and tons of love from the staff.
Fermentation celebration!  After returning to Tria, I've decided it's the perfect place.  I didn't even have any drinks this time (shame, as there are so many great beers and wines to choose from).  But the small plates of food are superb and allow you to sample a few things without filling up or breaking the bank.  This time I tried the goat cheese and pesto bruschetta and the figs with cheese and prosciutto.  Both delish.  Together they made a perfect-sized light dinner.  Plus I love me some figs!  And all for under $13 including tax and tip?  Fantastic.  I pay more than that sometimes for the craptastic food at the mall foco.

Also had the pomegranate iced tea... and was happy to find they were free refills.  That and they do a great job of keeping your water glass full.  I can't undersestimate how key that is to enjoying a meal.

Extra bonus: They told us it'd be a 30-40 min wait... expected on a nice Friday night.  But they sat us after only 10-15 min.  Woo!
I've been crushin' on Tria for sometime. What is there not to love? There's wine(extensive and great list of), beers and great food. I've only tried a couple different bruschettas but they were all amazing. My favorite so far is the truffle mushroom with fontana . MMMM gimme more, please.

And the atmosphere. Jeebus, the lighting is so perfect that it makes everyone and their cousin look so attractive. This particular location has a beautiful layout furnished with sophisticated wooden chairs and tables and little glass ornaments hanging from the ceiling by the bar. so cute!!!

If only I can give 6 stars, I'd do it in a heartbeat. The extra star is for having my very beloved blanc de pac "pares balta". It's under zippy whites and I suggest everyone to try this wine because it's the prettiest wine ever next to a glass of symphony from CA. 

Overall, it's a great spot to hang with friends or to come with a hot date after a great meal somewhere around the neighborhood.
If you read the previous review back in May 2009, I recommended my roommate go to Tria on her date.

Tonight, she asks, "you wanna order dinner?"
"Not tonight, I'm going to Tria," I reply.
"Oooh, Trrrrrrriiiiiaaaaa?" she responds.
"Yeah, and I wish you wouldn't say it like that."

Apparently, Tria's now where one goes if they're going to get laid later.
Tria Cafe is definitely another great Sunday lunch spot, especially with their Sunday school offers (i.e. day time happy hour). Service may be spotty, so be prepared to ask for the same thing for a few times

Must get: bruschetta (mushroom and goat cheese), mixed green salad, sunday Cheese and wine pairing
Meh: white bean spread, crab stuffed peppers, chocolate torte, bread pudding
Missed: sandwiches

I really loved our time at Tria Cafe, and with some minor gripes, I think everyone should visit this establishment at least one Sunday a year. For my yelp followers, I dislike brunch with its emphasis on different plays on egg and charging an exorbitant amount of money on it. Tria, at least on Sundays, only open at 12pm, making it easier to visit a popular brunch spot without fighting the usual crowd. My favorite dishes at Tria had to be the mushroom bruschetta and the cheese of the day (goat cheese for our visit). I think the blend of the mushroom and cheese worked so well for a toughened, flavored bruschetta and the cheese was served at a very generous portion. As for the other dishes, the crab stuffed peppers looked so great on paper, but was a definite hard pass as it just left me mouth feels: cold and wet - not at all what I  had imagined or liked.

The mixed green salad was probably my favorite 'large' dish option that was also easiest on the wallet. The pine nuts and dried figs definitely made each bite a true delight, just wished there was more greens.

As for the dessert, we had ordered the dessert very early on due to an earlier departure, but that request was completely forgotten and we had almost missed our after-lunch appointment. Also, the taste was below expectation, as the bread pudding tasted like a pre-made block of pound cake with unripe banana serving as garnish.

Overall, if you come here for the Sunday School Wine/cheese tasting, it is great! 

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
the spruce st. tria is so much better than the 18th st. one.  it's a lot more spacious and feels more inviting.  fyi, the back room is a little isolating, so i wouldn't recommend that area (particularly seats near the bathroom which get a lot of traffic), but the bar area and outside seating are more open and interactive.  

i recommend the almonds (fennel), almost any cheese, and the truffle egg toast (w/ fontina).  the wine is always reliable.  it really just depends on what you're in the mood for.  

i knocked off one star b/c one of the bartenders was a little rude about giving a taste of wine before ordering b/c he was self-admittedly tired of drying glasses.  come on...if you're a wine bar you should be used to oenophiles wanting to taste the wine before ordering a glass...
I've been dying to go for a year or two now. So as you can imagine, there was a lot of hype building up in my mind throughout the wait. I finally made it out to Tria on a Tuesday night a few weeks ago and was blown away. The location is surprisingly large (though still small, of course), by the way, so even though there are no reservations, it wasn't hard to get a spot.

Food: 5 stars. Impeccable flavor combinations and execution. One highlight was the flourless chocolate espresso torte. I would get that again-- so dense and chocolatey that it was hard to finish! 

Wine/beer: 5 stars. Large selection of both types of alcohol. Good variety of wine overall and I was also happy to spot a vineyard from Long Island that I had visited two weeks beforehand. The beer was heavy on Belgian-style brews, but I was delighted with the list all the same. 

Service: like 6 stars, no lie. The waitress found out it was our first time there, so she paid us extra attention and walked us through the menu with her recommendations. Excellent service, I can't say that enough.
I had dinner here on a Thursday around 6:30pm with the wife and babe. I'm not usually a fan of wine bars and typically the food is very bread heavy. Not ideal for a gluten free non drinker, but in this case, even though there was much of that, there were a bunch of options. 

I ordered the chicken salad and omitted the croutons. When it arrived, I was very pleasantly surprised. The lettuce was super crispy and fresh, the bacon was salty and perfectly cooked, the chicken was moist and plentiful and the farmer's cheese was so creamy. Ohhh the cheese...there was probably enough cheese on my plate for 2 people's salads, but I am NOT complaining! The chef must have known that I was going to share some of my cheese with the kiddo and that a few chunks would land on the floor, so they gave me extra. Thanks chef. 

My wife got the tuna sandwich, and I'm very sorry (not sorry) to say that I didn't ask her about it. If there's anything on this planet that I will not go near, it's tuna fish. The woman still insists on eating it! Rude. Regardless, she seemed happy with it and I was nice enough not to complain (this time). Actually that's definitely a lie. I complained. 

All in all, I'd definitely head back here. Oh and don't worry, I did clean up the cheese from the ground and the high chair. Who knew scrubbing squishy cheese out of cement with a wipee was really difficult?! So if you dine outside and you see some cheese, I personally apologize (for the child).
I've been dying to go to Tria and finally made it happen. Two of us came for Sunday School because seriously, why not. Wine was eh, but hey it was like $4. Cheese was great. We made the mistake of ordering two. If you plan on getting other food, you can easily share one amongst 2-4 people. 

We decided to get a bunch of plates and share them. All of the portions are perfect for sharing between two people if you decide on a few plates. We ordered the Spicy Jumbo Lump Crab-Stuffed Peppers, Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey, and Salad of Grilled Asparagus, Artichoke, White Beans, Tomato-Onion Relish and Pine Nuts. O.M.G. Seriously every dish was incredible. Stuffed peppers were perfect to start with because it was a chilled dish. The peppers were so fresh and the creamy crab meat stuffing left me nearly licking the plate. Next we ate the salad. They split it between two plates without even asking! The presentation was beautiful and the dish was incredibly flavorful. Everyone needs to get this dish that they call a salad. Lastly was our ricotta and honey crostini. I'm so glad we ate this last. It was almost like dessert with its smooth and rich ricotta cheese, topped with sweet drizzled lavender honey. 

Service was impeccable. I normally hate when you are a party of two and end up sitting next to people. You can barely notice here. The lighting is just dark enough that you can barely tell and the waitresses talk low enough so that you can't hear them talking to the table within arms reach of you. The only complaint I have is that we needed to ask for water after we finished our wine. Most restaurants automatically give you water before you have a chance to order drinks or at least ask. 

Prices are extremely reasonable. I think this is going to be my new spot for Sunday dinner.
My girlfriend and I came here to relax with a little beer and wine.  We were seated immediately, and it was a very good experience except for a fruit fly issue. We'll reconcile that later.

Let me be brief. Dog Fish Head 120 Minute IPA **ON DRAFT** $5 a glass.  That's 18%ABV for $5.  That's amazing.  It's beer with the alcohol content of wine that costs less than any other wine Tria serves.  I had two of them, and that's all they allow.

This is where Tria shined.  My girlfriend ordered a white wine that was "mellow" and did not have much flavor as it did a decent after-taste. She wanted a crisp, up-front wine with plenty of acidity.  Our server (so sorry I forget her name) made it clear: "I don't want you to drink something you don't enjoy. Please, let me get you another one that you like.  Would you like to taste a couple?"  My girlfriend happily settled on a Macabeo wine from Madrid that was full of floral, honey notes and plenty of crisp flavor.  

The only issue I have is that there was an overabundance of fruit flies.  Now, it's said, you can catch more flies with honey than vinegar, but it's not the case for fruit flies.  So, a place with wine is a perfect place for them. It was hard to drink the wine with flies landing on our glasses and flying at our faces.  Clean it up, Tria. 

Bottom line: If I want great wine (or beer) and I want to be treated decently, I'll go to Tria.  Now, I'll have to go back for the food...mmmm.
Oh, how I love my Tria. There is little else I love in the world more than tasting different, unique wines. Tria affords a wonderful venue for this activity, and has a pretty romantic, trendy vibe. My man and I enjoyed a lovely evening here recently working out way down the wine list and sampling some delicious cheeses as well.  And possibly since everyone looks better in candlelight and after a few glasses of wine, we had a wonderful night and really enjoyed each other's company. 
The waitresses are always sweet, knowledgable, and willing to impart their well-informed suggestions. There's nothing not to love here my friends!
I've been dying to try Tria for a long time, and last night I finally did.  Loved it!  Stinky cheese, strong beer, large variety of wine = my kind of place.  I like the menu categorizations, among them zippy whites, funky reds, racy cheeses, lighthearted beers.  Also helps you to choose what kind of a taste you want.  I tried the CÔTES DU VENTOUX from the sociable reds, Saison du Pont from profound beers, L'AMI DU CHAMBERTIN from stinky cheeses, and had the smoked salmon salad.  All were tres delicieux.  The cheese was especially wonderful with a musky, earthy flavor.

Service was fine (polite and attentive), and they did a good job of keeping our water glasses filled.  We had a cozy table in the back, great for conversation.

I can't wait to go back, I want to try basically everything on the menu!
basically, tria rocks.  i love their sunday school special.  wine, beer, and cheese, for basically $10? can't beat it!

the decor is very mellow and dark which is quite nice i think!  

the food leaves a little bit more to be desired since most options are quite small (hence the small prices).  i'd recommend stopping here first for some drinks and then heading to another restaurant.
I like wine and I like cheese.  I didn't have the former last time we went here,but I had loads of cheese.  I really enjoy the food, and the smoked salmon sandwich I had was just fantastic 

The service was a bit slow, but I think they were giving us some time to be alone.
I went to Tria this past weekend to meet up with some friends, a little early start to the night's Memorial Day weekend festivities.  First, I mistakenly went to the 18th st. location, only to realize my friends were at the one on 12th & spruce...no matter, a quick cab ride got me there in no time.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
This place is clearly for the sophisticated crowd, as if there is a such thing as the unsophisticated wine and cheese bar (I won't ask).  It's a place to go to enjoy a fine glass of wine and a small thing or two off the menu.  It didn't strike me as a place to go for dinner, although this might not be the case...I had a couple glasses of the Four Graces Pinot Blanc, and the Italian Meats tray.

THE LAYOUT:
Sophisticated and refined are the key words here.  It's not some lifestyles of the rich and famous kind of pomp-shack...but if you are put off by yuppies in sport coats laughing pretentiously at the toiling of the average lowly peon, this might not be the joint for you (okay, I didn't hear any laughing about said subject going on, but you get the point hopefully).  Dark wooden furniture, lit naturally by the afternoon sun peering through the large open windows.  There is a patio section and an indoor section, separated by these large windows, which are open in warmer months.

THE WINE & FOOD:
The reason I tried the Four Graces is because Tria does a special, pairing a selection of wine, cheeses, and beer, first round is half off.  It was exquisite in my (unseasoned) opinion-- I was looking for a wine that wasn't too dry, a little fruity, and that held it's flavor and consistency throughout.  Hit the nail on the head.  The Italian Meat platter was also very good-- various Italian meats that I won't dare to try and remember the name/spelling, some of the sweetest red peppers I've ever seen, and a delicious mixture of garlic-infused olive oil with a tangy red pepper/garlic paste for the bread...oh yeah, and Caper Berries...I don't like them, so I won't allow it to affect my review, if you like em, you will probably enjoy them here.  It was all very tasty, if not a little expensive (although not necessarily overpriced)...I wasn't expecting more for my money, per se, I was just surprised at the bill.  It's not a killer, but it was a little high.

THE SERVICE:
We were fortunate enough to have Shuli (sp?) as our server, she was very friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.  Sometimes when you visit a place like this, you get some hipster wine snob who expects you to know Napa like the back of your hand.  Well in Shuli's case, despite my constant ignorant inadvertent insults to the finer things in life, she was able to boost my experience by being so nice.  I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing that there isn't a set dress code for the staff there, but someone behind the bar was wearing a plaid shirt...not what I'd expect to see, but I don't get bothered by things like that.

THE ATMOSPHERE:
We spent the afternoon in a wine-induced haze (not drunk, mind you) feeling the buzz and the warm breeze.  We talked about all kinds of things, including the VERY eclectic soundtrack, which went from kama sutra-esque ambient, to underground chill hip hop, to country, to pub rock.  I don't know who the hell put together that playlist, but it drew more laughter than anything else-- the transitions were too abrupt.  It didn't take away from the experience, but it was notable.

THE VERDICT:
If you are looking for a great, relaxing, refined experience, or if you want to throw (or enjoy) a wine and cheese party outside of your designer loft, Tria, is the place to go.  I gave it 4 out of 5 for the minor annoyances I had (I'm like Larry David when it comes to wierd random quirks like that), but it really was an excellent way to start the evening, and I would love to go back again!
An oldie but a goodie!

I've been coming here since my med school days, which means I've been coming here for the last 9 years (holy moly I ain't young anymore )! There's something to be said about a place when someone as fickle as I am, who's constantly on the hunt for new restaurants/bars in Philly, still come here on a regular basis.

I've been to all the Tria locations in the city but this one will always hold a special place in my heart.

It's got such an intimate ambience, 90% of the time I'm here I'm hanging out w my close girl friends. It's where a great friend and I had our last bubbly drinks together before she moved to Baltimore and where I poured my sad heart out after a hellish break up to another friend over some "zippy" Sauvignon Blanc (the white wine here is categorized into Zippy, Smooth, and Luscious hehe). 

Must get food items here: truffled egg toast with fontina, the duck salad, and your picking of their bruschetta options (my favs are the ricotta w lavender honey and the truffled mushroom with fontina).

Happy hour is 5-7 on week nights (unsure about Fridays I think it's not included) with selected daily cheese and wine/beer options, seats fill up fast so don't come too late. In the warmer months also make sure you take advantage of outdoor seating!
More spacious than the other Tria near Rittenhouse, this one offers a more intimate experience without as much noise and bustle.  If you really want peace, head up to the second floor and crawl into a wine bottle...never to emerge.  Food is comparable to the other Tria, with the truffled egg toast and fontina being a major score.  Get it, but don't check your cholesterol for awhile.
Maybe it was the sunshine. Or the beer. Or the company. But I seriously fell in love with Tria. Hard. 

It was an unseasonably warm Sunday afternoon and we were in need of a little sunshine and a lot of hair of the dog. The Yelp app offered Tria, and I am oh so glad we obliged. They had a few bistro tables out on the curb and we settled in to our respective spots while our lovely waitress introduced us to Sunday School: an awesome concept that I wish would come to Atlanta with the quickness. One wine, one beer, and one cheese all at a deep discount... just with the hopes that you'll try it and like it. Pure genius. 

We imbibed in the Sunday special beer, but I made sure to look at the rest of the list and was seriously impressed. Then came the food. I started with the caramelized onion and feta bruschetta and... oh my. Such flavors I never expected to go together, and so amazing. For my lunch I had a grilled vegetable salad: bursting with asparagus, artichokes, white beans, and pine nuts, it was precisely what I needed to reboot my body after a night of drinking. I wouldn't blink about trekking across town (or across the state) to order that salad again. 

If you're in Philly: go to Tria. Then beg them to open a location in your city. We all deserve it.
good selection of cheese, munchies, wine of course, and 90 min IPA on tap. even though it's stuffed in there each time I'll go back every once in a while. fri nights are packed so try an off night first.
How is it possible to stuff yourself using nothing but cheese and bread? Tria knows.

A nearby location that I've usually passed in favor of Varga, I finally ate at Tria this weekend. I generally expected it to be good, but I couldn't predict the ways in which it would be good.

First tip - absolutely go there for the Sunday School. If you've been meaning to go to Tria and also like great cheese, wine and beer at half price, this is the perfect time to start.

Other than cheese, bread and beers, our meal basically consisted of:

-Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma
-Bruschetta - Fresh Mozzarella Crema with Basil Pesto and Heirloom Tomato
-Bruschetta -Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey

That's it. Cheese, bruschetta, figs, and beer. All of it extraordinary. that's how you rack up prices here - you keep wanting to try everything on the menu.

Kudos to our waitress as well, who was very friendly and helpful.

Am I going back? Oh, indeed.
I stumbled upon Tria by luck while looking for parking in the neighborhood.  When I saw "Tria.. wine bar", I couldn't be more excited to try it out!  Tria is a corner restaurant, dimmed interior, large bar area with workers prepping both food and drinks behind.  I started my night with a light red wine at the server's recommendation.  Tria menu is tapas style.  It's full of interesting small dishes with cheese being the major player.  Their cheese plates are supposedly popular so I ordered the Brebirousse d'argental - a mild, funky sheep's milk cheese.  Texture is similar to brie, it's creamy on the inside.  The cheese plate comes with a few pieces of French baguette.  The cheese was great, but the mushroom truffle spread that came with it easily outshine the cheese.  It's earthy and sweet truffle spread.  I ordered two more dishes without feeling like I went beyond my eating limit.  The ever so popular "warm poached black mission figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto di Parma" was popular for a reason!  The figs were sweet and wholesome, stuffed with Gorgonzola cheese.  I love the sweet figs and the prosciutto!  My last dish was the Spanish octopus with piquillo peppers, olives, and capers.  The capers were fried and crunchy.  It was saucy and the octopus was cooked to tenderness so it was not so chewy.  That may please a lot of my friends who hates the chewiness of octopus.  But personally, I think it would've tasted better otherwise.

Of the three dishes I got, I am highly, highly recommending the figs with prosciutto!  It is the most surprising dish of them all.  If I'm ever in Philly again in the future, I would come by again.  Even though Philly is full of amazing restaurants, Tria really stands out with the small, light portions and extensive wine menu.
I can appreciate a place that uses "Stinky Cheese" as a category on their menu.  Solid experience.

The Wait:
Went here on Friday night and the wait was about ten minutes--not bad.  The place is tiny, so the waiting area is pretty much the staircase up to the restaurant.  This might be good to know if you are planning to go with a large party.  This is definitely more date nightish than big groupish anyhow. 

The Appetizers:
You absolutely MUST have the caramelized onion and feta bruschetta.  It is sooooo good.  We ordered it twice and still wanted more.  I could have passed on the white bean dip. 

The Cheeses:
My boyfriend and I are little fatso's and ended up having a pretty wide assortment of cheeses and appetizers.  The cheeses were all delightful, but I should say that In Riva in East Falls is giving them a run for their money in terms of quality of cheeses (but not selection).  

The Wine:
Wine is good.

The Beer:
Yes, we had both wine and beer... don't judge us.  I really enjoyed a wheat beer I had, and overall the selection was decent.  

Overall, this place is good.  We ate a lot and paid around $100.  If you aren't a fatso you can pay less.  I definitely want to try out their Sunday special.
I have been begging my friend to come to Sunday School at Tria with me for months but we always would end up doing something else.  

Finally, we went.  And I loved!

We sat outside on a warm fall night and chatted while we people watched.

The waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the wine and cheese--as he should be!!

The wine and cheese complimented each other perfectly.  BUT what really made the cheese shine was the local honey that was served on the side.  Pure bliss.  I'll be back :-)
Tria. Ah. You earned 5 stars within 5 minutes and did not disappoint from there. Ended up walking in on a whim... and looking at the menu, I was totally excited for just about everything on it. We ordered a bunch of small plates with various types of bruschetta, grilled cheese type sandwiches and wine. Oh the wine was awesome and the server had the perfect pairing recommendation. The food was mouth watering... there is no other way to describe it. I am dying to go back... ASAP!
Cheeses were grouped into several groups, one of which was labled "stoic".  I'd put our server in that category as well.  He just seemed bored with the fact that he was waiting tables.  He begrudgingly provided recommendations but I felt like he disapproved of further questioning from his customers.  "If I tell you it's good, it's good.  Now leave me alone" could have passed through his lips without surprising me one bit.  It's not that he was rude, he wasn't.  And I'm not asking for him to be passionate.  Somewhere in the middle would be great.

Nonetheless, the wine and cheese list was glorious.  Cheese from Murray's always get me excited and the Rose Cava was a delight.  Enjoy it with the Brillat-Savarin.  Sit as close to the corner as possible to maximize people watching.  The girl that bussed our table was sweet and, unlike our server, willing to answer questions and discuss the local area a bit and give us a recommendation or two.  If not for her we would have left without a visit to Jim's in West Philly (well, she actually recommended the South Street one BUT she planted the seed....).  

A tip for our server:

You're working for tips.  It's generally a good idea to throw out some sort of reaction to your table's "Thank You" when you drop off the bill.  Turning around and walking away so you can grab another pull off your bottle of Fiji isn't how you get inducted into the 20% club.  Just a thought.
Tria is one of those places I like to take people who come in to visit from out of town. That's how I know I love a place. It's when I really want to show it off and change people's minds about Philly (We're not all cheesesteaks and ornery sports fans!)

I've always had great service, great food, and great wine. When we've come here for a full meal and wine to go with it, it can get pricey. But my favorite time to come here is when I'm just with a few of the girls and we want a couple glasses of wine and something to munch on.

For a wine bar, it isn't too expensive either. And their happy hours are a great deal!
A friend and I planned to hit up the infamous Sunday $10 Destroy Your Liver event in Old City, but I had notice that my sister wanted us to meet them at Tria for some snacks.  We figured we'd stop in to eat a bit before pounding our livers into submission and sweat-dancing into oblivion.  Talk about starting out classy before losing it all later.  This place is pretty nice in the sense that I sorta felt out of place in an old t-shirt and cut-off shorts, however, they didn't mind.  There's a list of food items and drinks on a clipboard and it's such a very detailed and helpful menu.  Everything on the menu is described well and each drink conveniently also has the ABV, price, and fluid amount listed.  Most things you will order are perfectly snack-sized for two and it's priced moderately which just makes drinking your beverage that much more enjoyable.  Also, it was a warm night and I got to sit outside for a while.  Swish.
Oh. My...

Sublime. Ridiculously, effortlessly, sensually sublime. 

So hard to choose, yet you can hardly make a wrong turn on this thoughtfully creative, yet unpretentious menu. 

Started with a glass of the Copertina Riserva, described as an old world Funky Red with "spice from the heel of the boot." Hard to resist, eh? Could have had any of the 6 salads, but the very knowledgeable staff recommended the duck and it was genuinely awesome. Generous chunks of a hard nutty cheese called Grana Padano may have been the star of this show, though the fresh roasted pistachios and Allagash cherries played critical supporting roles. 

Glancing at the beer page I discovered they had Bells Hop Slam on tap. Are you kidding me? This is epic, they buried the lede. Easy pivot to a draft of this annual limited release with the cult-like following and a "racy" Fourme D'Ambert, "France's 'other woman' of blue cheese."

I promised unpretentious, and seriously, all of the above was served up like a grilled cheese sandwich paired with a Bud light. Just a friendly neighborhood dive serving awesomeness. I'm moving to Philly.
You really can't go wrong with any of the Trias, they are consistently good across the board for snacks or a meal and obviously good wine.  Tria Cafe is just a really nice place, big open windows so its sunny and airy, a warm and inviting atmosphere.  It's a little tight down by the bar, so you may be squished if you're waiting for a table and its busy, but that is the only real complaint.  The food is always fresh and tasty, and there are enough options that you can have just some bites or leave totally stuffed.  They have an amazing cheese selection, all served with tons of bread and accompaniments. Clearly the wine list is one of the best in the city, and all of the servers and bartenders really know their stuff so if you ask for help they can lead you to something you'll like! 
On Sundays they do a "Sunday school" where one wine and one cheese is half off! It's a really great deal and it changes every week!
Went on a Thursday and there was a bit of a wait for a table, but we got a seat at the bar immediately, which is fine for eating. The servers were very friendly, the drink selection was extensive, but not overwhelming. The tuna sandwich was quite good. Plus there was a classy iTunes visualization to watch.
Ok place for a glass of wine post work. I am always attracted to any large windows facing the street, and this bar has some nice window seating. The cheapest glass of wine I saw was 7+. Not too bad, but the average price was over 9, which I find to be on the expensive side, even if it is standard Philly pricing. Decent wine selection though, some interesting finds. 

We asked the bartender if they made mulled wine.....kind of an odd request I suppose, but it was one of the coldest days of the year, so we wanted something hot and spicy. I'm not sure if the bartender was being snooty or if she honestly didn't know what mulled wine is. She said that they don't have Franzia to make it with! I exclaimed that I definitely don't make it with Franzia! (For f**** sake!) I make it with a mix of Madeira, any decent red wine, sugar and mulling spices, and heat it over very low heat. Its great. Hell you can even use white wine and rosemary. Its really very exciting, all the possibilities. But anyway, she was either confused or trying to be elitist. I suppose we will never know her true intentions ;-)

At least they were playing decent music in there. Anyway, 3 stars.
What a wonderful experience!!! I cannot wait to go back and bring some friends!

My boyfriend took me here as a surprise date, but I had seen great reviews about it. The venue itself is very small, and doesn't take reservations so we had to wait 20 minutes until we got seated. The doorman was pleasant enough though, giving us the option of sitting outside under the heated lamps (we turned this down, since we were both very cold).

We ordered the prosciutto plate as an appetizer, which had delicious bread and pickles/condiments on the side. The waitress was extremely accomodating and gave us gluten-free crackers instead of the bread, to accomodate my boyfriend. We are both wine and cheese noobs, so our waitress was extremely patient in explaining the different types of wine and asking us what we would prefer;  her recommendations were spot-on. 

We choose two cheeses, both of which came with a special fig sauce that complemented their tastes PERFECTLY. We had a great time talking about what exactly made certain foods go well together, as it seems like Tria has gotten it down to a science!!

Great ambience, perfect for a date or a girls' night out if you're feeling like being classy. Prices were affordable for the quality of food and experience!
This place... HIDDEN GEM! 

I came her last Sunday night. It was late and Tria Cafe Wash West seemed like a good choice since the reviews are through the roof. We had to know how is this possible? Is it really worth the hype on yelp?

Yes.. It is worth the hype.

First, Tria is on a perfect quite city corner. It is rather dreamy. They have a few outside tables (with heaters) too! 

It took us a few minutes to get seated, but once we were the service was on point. We didn't have one server, we had two who consistently checked on us. As soon as one of our glasses was coming to an end, one of them would appear and ask if we would like another or if there is anything else they could get for us. Like I said, the service was on absolute point!

To drink, I had the "Sunday School" special which was a champagne that was crisp and kept me wanting more. Not just wanting but successfully getting more... 3 glasses later... I also tried the ginger saison. I think I have a new favorite beer! It was fruity but not too much so. I kid you not, I took a picture of the name of it so I can hunt it down and have it again! However, if these aren't your bag, they have endless wine selections and knowledgeable staff to help you find the perfect beverage.

On to the food. Ohhhh the food. Swoon! 

We started with the Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma. They practically melt in your mouth. Another great tip that the server told us was we should add another fig for 40 cents so that we would have an even amount for splitting. Um, ok server from heaven! Its comments like this that made the service so great! 

Do yourself a favor and get the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey. I think of all the things we had, this was the highlight. The ricotta was light and left us wanting more. I think I could have had 5 or 6 plates of this. Maybe next time I will? 

As for the main course, I ordered the Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich with Crispy Prosciutto, Piquillo Peppers, Pesto and Garlic Vinaigrette, which was good. I think the two appetizers stole the show though. I was also able to try the American Albacore Tuna Sandwich with Black Olive Tapenade, Piquillo Peppers and Arugula. The tuna was delightful with hints of capers and what tasted a bit like anchovies? 

Finally we finished the meal with the Flourless Chocolate Torta with Blackberries, Espresso Custard, Coffee Crumb and Saba. The best part was the custard! It is a small portion so I wouldn't suggest splitting it with more than one person. However, it is the perfect petite dessert for two to share.

If you've made it this far through the review (thanks for reading!) you'll realize that Tria Cafe Wash West is a fantastic establishment and I would highly recommend it to any friends!
This place is awesome. 

First off, the service was super attentive and well versed. I don't remember her name. But she was short, had a ton of tattoos, a nose ring, and sweet shades.

I started off with the Sunday School Special wine, which happened to be a Malbec. An excellently smooth selection. I promptly ordered three plates: Figs & Prosciutto, Truffled Egg Toast, and Lamb Terrine.

I will describe them in reverse order of my preference.

Lamb Terrine
Served with a dry, nasaly mustard and some sweet cabbage relish, the terrine itself lacked very much flavor. I was hoping it would really highlight that funky lamb taste I've come to enjoy. It did no such thing. It was disappointingly bland. Not a bad dish, just really nothing special. 

Truffled Egg Toast
I love truffles. It seemed like this piece of buttered Texas Toast with a truffle cheese. Was it real truffles. VERY unlikely. It tasted like it had some truffle aroma in there. But it wasn't the nasty stuff. This dish was really enjoyable. Really because truffle flavor is just so darned good. This was a nicely balanced dish. I really enjoyed it. 

Figs and Prosciutto
This was the standout. Truly an incredible blend of flavors: figs, honey, and prosciutto. The figs were perfectly cooked, the prosciutto perfectly meaty and salty. This flavor blast isn't really describable. You just have to experience it.
Liked the vibe and decor of this place. Friendly bartenders, amazing beer & wine selection and a wide variety of new american tapas..if I lived here, I would go to Tria at least once a week.  Loved that it was right across the street from my hotel- made it so easy to go and grab a glass of wine and a small plate while waiting for my friends to get ready back at the hotel.  Reminds me of a couple great wine bars in San Francisco that I love.
i'm usually quite negative when i review a restaurant or bar; i have high standards since i've been "in the business" for 11 years myself.  (ironically, i'm not a very good waitress.  i do know what it takes though!)

which is why i'm surprising even me when i say i have nothing bad to say about Tria!  The service was exquisite: everyone was genuinely polite, friendly, and attentive.  the prices were not as high as i expected.  the bruschetta was really good, and they had more than the average selection.   i also had a somewhat classic arugula salad (it's a veg-e-ta-ble) with beets that was a great size and tasty.  the atmosphere was comfortable, and the restroom was clean.  i'm not that picky about wine details, so I can't speak to that aspect.  

overall, i'd definitely go back.
I freaking love Tria, man. This love affair began during a monumental dinner, when I shared a gigantic spread of food with someone and expected it to cost about 150%+ more than it actually did. The food was utterly fantabulous and yet the plates were priced just a little bit higher than what you'd expect to find on a happy hour menu. Now, granted, we didn't have wine, but still! ALL THAT FOOD FOR HOW MUCH???!

My advice? Share everything and order a lot. My last time here, we split: truffled egg toast with arugula, gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto, olive oil chips and truffle aioli, two bruschettas (ricotta and lavender honey + cherry and cheese), and a smoked turkey and bacon sandwich with truffle aioli. The truffle aioli is bomb af and I was thrilled it made an appearance in two dishes. The kitchen also split the sandwich onto two plates, which was a sweet gesture. 

All of the food was ridiculous and we left nary a crumb behind. The truffled egg toast, sandwich and lavender honey bruschetta were all standouts.

We also had this waitress who was a truly remarkable human being and an ultra competent waitress, too. If we'd ordered 50 things and half of them weren't even on the menu, I think she'd still be able to recite our list in the order we said it. That's how on the ball this lady was. I wish I remembered her name, but this was like three months ago. Still, I remember her well, and we both hope to have her again.

Tria has ideal outdoor seating, too. There's plenty of room between you and the pedestrians and their dogs. I call it "common sense outdoor seating," and it's much appreciated, especially for someone who rarely chooses to sit outside, like me.

I see many Tria trips in my future, especially during these warm weather months. Whether you want a light dinner or you're celebrating something special, this is the place to be, and it's one of my favorite spots in all of Philly.
I've been wanting to go to Tria for such a long time but felt I needed the right person to go with me to help make it a perfect dining experience.  I guess the reviews I've read and received through word of mouth had made an impact on me, so I clearly had high expectations!  I was expecting a wonderful hand-selected wine list, a handful of obscure beers from around the world and a menu of small plates and apps that could make me want to visit over and over in an attempt to try everything on the menu.

What I wasn't really expecting was the five star attentive wait staff. I now know, for the next time, that I can be comfortable letting my server pick a fantastic wine for the evening to partner with the meal.  I think there was a mutual decision that the wine list was a bit too extensive to try and pick something ourselves so we went for the (only slightly less overwhelming) beer list so we could get to chatting as soon as possible.  

For starters she had the Saison Dupont and I had the Nuova Mattina.  Both are farmhouse style unfiltered ales, the former from Belgium and the later from Italy - yes! Italy.  It was wonderful.  We then moved on to the Allagash White and the Tripel Karmeliet.  Four down and about thirty to go!  Again, the waitstaff was wonderful.  Tria is the sort of place where they come around and inconspicuously refill your glass for you and remove the bottle from your table.  Attentive and friendly but not in an interruptive at-your-table-every-sixty-seconds sort of way.

If you hadn't noticed, appetizers are all the rage these days.  I recently read an article were the author was encouraging you to be comfortable with going to a restaurant and ordering one, two or three apps for your main meal.  The chef typically has much less of a plate to convince you that they're THE man / woman therefore you're going to get a greater mouthful of splendor from an appetizer than you may from an entree.  This is apparent in the city of Philadelphia and Tria is one of a few in the leading pack.  As a matter of fact, although our entrees were very good, it was the appetizers that swept us off our feet and took us for a scenic flight from Italy to Switzerland.   

Our dining began with two appetizers.  Poached black mission figs stuffed with gorgonzola over prosciutto and wild mushroom and raclette fondue served with toasted baguette slices.  This was the first time I had heard of raclette cheese and learned (from my date) that this is a very typical Swiss meal whereby they let a half wheel of cheese get all warm and happy and gooey by an open fire and they serve it with gherkins and hot tea.  Right, well this was in a little souffle dish and it had taken commanding control of any "wild" mushroom that would try to escape!  This was one of the most remarkable tastes I have ever come across.  Again, our five star waitstaff, Stephanie I believe, was super attentive and brought over some additional toasted baguette to finish off the remaining fondue.  

One of the beauties of Tria is you get the feeling you should be exploring what the owners have selected as part of their extensive menu.  More over, you know you can't go wrong with much of anything.  This is a testament to the management and their passion for quality ingredients and beverages from around the world.  Tria, I look very much forward to seeing you again in the near future.  With your very reasonable prices, I'm sure that we will become wonderful friends and spend many happy nights together.
I always loved Tria in center city, but when this one opened last year, I have to say it quickly became my favorite of the 2 locations.

This is the best wine and cheese bar in the city, as far as I am concerned. For fellow winos out there such as myself, who appreciate both good service and servers who obviously know what they are talking about, this is the best place out there.

This venue is spacier than the center city tria, and doesn't feel as cramped. The cheese and meat platters are amazing, I never had a glass of wine there I didn't love, and all the servers are never short of amazing.

Great ambiance, wine, service - all around phenominal! I highly recommend.
Tria turned out to be the perfect spot for a friendly rendezvous with my party of four hungry, cheap, but discerning grad students including 1 vegan, 1 vegetarian, and one cheesesteak-atarian.  The atmosphere is hip but homey and inviting, and the menu offers a great selection of fresh, creative dishes for a variety of tastes at a great value.  

We started by sharing two of the very reasonably-priced ($3-$3.50!) appetizers: tuscan white bean spread with baguette crisps, and bruschetta topped with pistachio herbed ricotta with sage honey.  Mmmm, mmmm good.  These little bites served as the perfect amuse bouche to whet my appetite without filling me up.  The pistachio ricotta was particularly delectable. 

As a main, I tried the sandwich of fresh mozzarella with crispy prosciutto, tomato, arugula and garlic vinaigrette on airy ciabatta bread, with a side salad of spring mix.  It was like a BLT that had died and gone to heaven, and at $8.50, a serious steal.  

Our resident cheesesteak-atarian was mollified with a hearty smoked chicken and cheddar sandwich, while my veg friends looked happy as clams with their asparagus, white bean, artichoke, and pine nut salads.  The service was very attentive without being overbearing, and they were patient as we stayed and chatted long after paying the bill. 

Overall, a light, fresh, yet deeply satisfying meal.  At these prices, I'll have to put Tria into regular rotation.
My husband and I got into Philly around 7:30 pm on Friday night - we checked into our hotel and decided we didn't want to go too far for dinner since we were pretty hungry. We came upon the Yelp reviews for Tria and were sold when we saw wine, cheese, and beer - three of our favorite foods. After our dinner there, I can say that Philly Yelpers did not steer us wrong!

Tria looks small when you first walk up, but it's deceptive looking. The bar area in front is small but you walk up a few stairs into a larger dining space (it's not that big, but wider than the front area). The lighting is dim, and coupled with the decor, it just evokes the feeling of a nice, modern space. The actual food menu is pretty small, but the wine, cheese, and beer list is really nice. A lot of times when you go to a wine bar, they really don't have many beer options, let alone really unique and good ones. Tria, however, does a great job with beer and wine. 

For food, we had the fhree cheese potato chips with herbed truffled aioli, valencay cheese (it's a chevre), truffled egg toast with fontina, bruschetta (brie and cherries, traditional, and goat cheese with pesto), and the smoked chicken sandwich. Needless to say we left happily full. Everything we ate was good, although the goat cheese and pesto bruschetta had a little too much pesto. I think it would have worked better if the pesto was the bottom layer with the goat cheese on top. The egg toast was something different that I haven't seen at other wine bars and I really enjoyed it. The smoked chicken sandwich, which my husband and I split, was really enjoyable. The chicken was moist and the truffle aioli gave it just enough flavor.

For four drinks (3 beers and a glass of wine) and all the food mentioned above, our bill came to $68 before tip which we thought was really reasonable given what we drank and ate. We really enjoyed Tria and would definitely go back on a future trip to Philly.
A very cute wine bar with outdoor seating and a great wine selection! I went with a friend on a Monday night and we were seated immediately. I highly recommend the pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey and pesto bruschetta. To be honest, I would have probably ordered one of each type of bruschetta if I had to do it over again. The truffled egg toast is known to be a crowd favorite but you really have to be a fan of liquid yolk.  At the end, we got the roasted beets and goat cheese salad to share, which they split into separate plates before bringing it out! Loved my dinner here - can't wait to try the rest of the Tria cafes!
Let's string together some adjectives: upscale urban casual.  To make Tria you take a Cosi and add table service, premium wine, beer and cheese, and spruce up the atmosphere and decor. 

My group started with Tria's "Sunday School" selection of half price drinks and cheese.  The regular menu is largely panini and salads, and the items my group had were all very tasty and fresh.  The service was attentive; a waitress unobtrusively kept my beer glass full by refilling it from my bottle.  

This seems like a great place to go for drinks - if someone else is paying. My second beer (not from the Sunday School menu) was $8.
My only hesitation to write this review is that it's almost trendy to review Tria, but the biz shouldn't be punished for it... 

My mistake is I passed by this place so many times thinking I should stop in, especially since it's packed, but figured the alcohol would be overpriced and food would be an expensive art project, at best. I was wrong. 

Rarely do you stop at a place like this. I've been twice and both visits were everything I'd want for a nice, casual dining experience. The first time I went we were the only ones outside (it looked like it was going to rain... and it did). The servers offered to reseat us immediately but we actually opted to sit outside and watch the rain. Everything was covered so it wasn't like our server got drenched coming to our table. I had a salmon sandwich, she had a salad and we shared a cheese plate. Everything was portioned and presented very well. The wine and beer they recommend went with the lunch nicely - we had a great time, so we came back a month later. This visit was equally enjoyable. We sat at the sleek bar for a drink before being shown to our table. I feel this spot is the perfect W. Washington Square casual experience coupled with it's nearby neighbor Varga for the rowdier experience.
Having only been to the one on Rittenhouse Sq. once, I still feel fine saying that this Wash West location trumps it.  This place is FAB both for dinner, snacks, and after-dinner drinks, catering to nearly any taste.

1) The DRINK SELECTION is phenomenal.  If you're a beer drinker, don't fear it being second to wine at this wine bar.  We're talking serious bottle list and 6-7 drafts!!  Glasses all the appropriate size and shape, not kept cold, and beer the absolute perfect temperature for tasting.  Not bad prices either!!  Last time I was here I had the Russian River Damnation, which you'll be pressed to find at any other bars in the city.  Second - the wine!!  It's both annoying and clever at the same time that they don't organize the list by country, but their descriptions are witty enough to make up for it.  The bartenders will always steer you in the right direction if you don't know what to get; I recommend the Malbec they serve.

2) ATMOSPHERE.  You'll have trouble finding a cozier place than here during the warmer months when the walls are opened to allow both outdoor and indoor seating.  Dim lighting, slick copper bar, nice variety of people all enjoying themselves, rich and inviting decor.  I've spent hours here at a time and it never gets old.

3) Finally, the food.  Great cheese selection as I'm sure you can tell by the other reviews - reasonably priced, aptly presented with all the right   accompaniments.  Also, the bruschetta!!  Out of control.  I usually come after dinner so I haven't had anything more substantial, but whoever writes that damned Tria menu makes me salivate each time.

Bottom line - pay it a visit!
Great place to stop by for a quick delicious snack & wine. My boyfriend and I enjoyed coming here. The service was great as well. Nice place nice food & nice people !!
I reviewed the Tria in Rittenhouse and gave 4 stars. This Tria, hello! 5 stars!  The food is always worth 5 stars, in both locations. But this location in Washington square west is much more spacious and way less crowded. There's plenty of outdoor seating also!  In love with Tria. Always amazing food, unique small plates that blow away your tastebuds, rare craft beers, large selection of cheeses, and oh yeah, it's a wine bar!?  I go for the beer though :-)   And I can seriously eat every item on the menu they are all as equally delicious.  

Thanks Tria for rocking my world. Can't wait for the new beer bar to open this fall!!
The only way I could afford this place on a semi-regular basis is during their happy hour, which features five different items for just $5 each from 5-7 pm. Two wines, two beers and a cheese plate. Lovely.

A friend and I shared a few things. A cheese plate, which was served with prosciutto, high quality olive oil and bread, followed by a small plate of figs and gorgonzola. The figs were smaller and tougher than I had hoped- they seemed previously dried, not fresh. An artichoke panino came next, which we subbed goat cheese for instead of feta- delicious. We wrapped up our meal with another sandwich- dessert, this time. I recommend the caramel, banana and marscapone cheese panino over anything else on the menu. Mmm...
First al fresco dining day of the year - selected Tria over Varga for a late brunch.  Service, while a little slow, was overall fine, until 3/4 of the way through our meal, when some heavy metal clipboards were accidentally dumped onto my left shoulder from a shelf 3 feet in the air behind me (ouch), leaving me with swollen and bruised left shoulder.

Now, understandably, accidents will happen, and our server apologized several times. However, in my experience, if a paying customer is excessively spilled on or accidentally injured(!), it is typically good customer service for the manager to offer a small 'mea culpa' of sorts  - perhaps pick up my cup of coffee or my bottle of Pellegrino?  Nothing, which suprised me for a place I once considered a quality establishment.  

I found this to reflect very poorly on the 13th St. Tria and I probably won't return.  Its a shame because I've been going to the Rittenhouse location for years and loved it.
-----------------------------------------
Update: Upping to four stars.   Tria's very gracious owner saw my Yelp rewiew and made the kind offer of a gift card (which is actually way better than a coffee or Pellegrino  :-)  A lovely gesture in making things right.

I'm so glad to know that Tria is still the great place I've always loved.  Thank you Tria - we will be back!!
This place was AMAZING. I was in town for a conference and had just finished business stuff. My partner and I went to the Liberty Bell and then wanted a nice brunch - and wow am I glad we went here.

Excellent wine selection first off - I loved the boutique choices on the menu. Our server was astounding - attentive to the correct degree, personable and happy to provide recommendations/pairings with our orders. We opted to order several small plates and share.

First - Poached Black Mission Figs - so savory and delicious! And I'm not even a big blue cheese fan, but these were perfect. Then we had two of the Bruchettas - Truffled Mushroom with Fontina and Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries. Both were really tasty and paired well with the wines recommended by the server. The only potential downside here is that they were fairly simple in construction - we could easily recreate this at home. Then we had the Smoked Duck and Spinach Salad which was just delightful. Again, I'm not the biggest pistachio fan, but they really did add something special to this salad. Finally, we split the Warm Apple Bread Pudding which was a lovely taste of fall.

Unlike some of the other trendy places we visited in Philly, we never felt rushed -- so many other spots the staff seemed like they were just trying to turn over your table. This place was exactly what we were looking for - a quiet spot where we could relax and take our time enjoying brunch. I'd highly recommend it and will make a point to visit again when I'm in the area.
I find Tria simply irresistible.  One of the (many) spots in Philly that I love bringing my New York friends to, in order to show off how great Philly really is.  Thank you Tria!  Now if only I could stop dropping so much cash every time I go in there... not that this place is expensive by any means, on the contrary it's quite affordable. I'm sure someone out there has the inner strength to order just one glass of wine and only one appetizer and enjoy their time at the bar.  But me,  I just cant help myself when I see the extensive wine and cheese list!  One glass inevitably turns in to two or three... I am a sucker for the bruschetta with mushrooms and fontina- so tasty, and only $3!!  And then there is that salad with the broad beans, asparagus and vinagrette. Again I can't resist- its a broken record every time I go in there.  All of that topped off with one of the best paired cheese plates (did someone say lavender honey?) and friendly, yet extremely knowledgeable bartenders who can recommend the perfect wine for what you're eating...  Finally, even if you're not a wine person, the beer list is quite extraordinary and ranks right up there with some of the better pubs in Philly.  This place is a great place for after work drinks sitting out on the sidewalk, a solo dinner at the bar with some great music, or as a stop on the weekend to start or end your night out.  I couldn't ask for much more...
I absolutely love this wine, cheese and beer bar!  They have 2 locations.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  I have been there several times and I always have the server recommend a cheese.  I have never been disapointed with their recommendations. The selections on the menu change and our always great!   They have a regular menu as well that I have tried, good, but not near as amazing as their cheese selections! The staff works together to wait on you which is nice because you are never waiting and they are very attentive to asking you for your next drink when you finish.  I do have to say it is pricey, it is not somewhere the average person like me could go on a regular basis.  But when I do get to go on a few special occassions or when I have the extra cash I have never been disapointed and am eager to go again soon!
I have been here on Sundays for Sunday School and generally enjoy the wine and cheese selection. You can get half-priced items and this is a great way to try new things.

Last Sunday, our server Julie was amazing with her recommendations. She picked out two reds for me to try after our Sunday School menu. We also got two bruschettas and both were delicious - eggplant & pecorino and ricotta, pistachio, & honey. Yum!

I will say that the menu beyond Sunday School is pricey, and the ambiance is not as casual as some reviews say. You'll be fine in jeans, but you might be happier in something nicer.

Low noise levels, fast service, and easy-to-read menus. It's a little dark inside for my taste, but I always recommend it to people looking for a nice Sunday adventure.
If I could give more stars that perfect I would. Well done Tria. This is the best spot in all of PA for drinks, cheese and feeling pampered by a very well trained staff. Every Tria is perfect and this one has always been our favorite. Keep on crushing it Tria.
This is absolutely my favorite place in the city to go grab a glass of wine and cheese. The atmosphere is cozy, not great for more than 5 people. 

My favorite part about this restaurant is their menu is constantly changing with the seasons. They also have specials on Sundays (Sunday School) and Thursdays to encourage you to broaden your palette and try new things. Each wine, beer and cheese on the menu has a great description to help you pick something you'll like. 

Tria also has really great sandwiches and salads if you're in the mood for something a little heavier than cheese. I always recommend their smoked chicken and apple sandwich as well as the mushroom sandwich. 

I would also HIGHLY recommend their bread pudding :)
Ok ok, another review where the person can't believe they never wrote a review about this place.

Well, that's me.  This is that kind of review.  I have and always will have a special spot in my heart for Tria.

Food - awesome
Beer - Wonderful selection
Wine - Fun and uncomplicated
Cheese - decadent

Where else can you go for drinks and food this good and feel like you got a deal?  Nowhere.  That's why Tria exists.  It fills that void of a place that specifically and very specially blurs the line between value and quality.  It is that special of a place.

Tria was one of my first introductions to Philadelphia's amazing food scene.  It was about 3 years ago now and I knew this girl....  Ok, long story short I was very happy to have found tria.  I'm pretty sure that it was the first place that I had a fried egg on top of anything.  Yeah, it changed my life.

I've been back countless times.  I will go back countless times.  You can call me a Tria cheerleader.  I like the one at 12th & Spruce better than the Rittenhouse one.  Just personal preference because it used to be a very short walk.

It gets crowded.  Crazy crowded.  On a nice night, the outdoor seating gets all taken before you get a chance to be upset.  In the winter, it's just as popular.  Forget Fridays or Saturdays.  The suburbanites have found this special spot.

Still, I don't have one bad thing to say about Tria.  They rock.  They are a Philadelphia establishment and I'm happy to be a patron.
Pretty much loving Tria. The menu is expansive, but not overwhelming, and accessibly written. The waitstaff know there stuff, and are happy to engage. My only beef is that it get's a bit cramped on the weekends. Maybe they need a Tria Trio.
My friends and I came to Tria for a Friday night outdoor dinner and had a great experience. We made a reservation ahead of time, which I highly recommend.

My cocktail choice of the night was a Fig Sour (Boardroom Vodka, Pineau des Charentes, Fig, Honey, Lemon) which was delicious! To eat, we got the fennel roasted almonds to start off, followed by the Spring Awakening cheese plate, which included a goat's milk and two cow's milk cheeses. When we ran out of bread for the cheese, apples, and honey, our waitress was kind enough to bring out some more bread for us. Everything was delicious!

For my main course, I got the truffled mushroom panino without prosciutto (with roasted tomato and pesto + garlic vinaigrette). The panino was tasty but not outstanding/super noteworthy, especially not in comparison to the cheese plate.

I look forward to returning soon to try some of the other plates (looking at the ricotta bruschetta and artichoke + asparagus salad, in particular!)
I always find myself coming to Tria at the oddest times.  I like Sunday School, but it's not right for brunch, and after eating brunch, I'm not in the mood for the menu items here, which is a shame, because their paninis are quite good.  It's a dilemma!

That being said, I find myself here for very early holdover bites on Sunday, and while I enjoy the friendly service, excellent wines, and beers, I find it to be claustrophobic.  There are perfectly good days when I love to eavesdrop on the couples sitting six inches from us, but sometimes I prefer a quiet conversation that isn't always overheard.

Get yourself a good bottle of wine, pick up three distinctly good (and recommended) cheeses at DiBruno's, invite a few friends over, and you've got a nice intimate party without all the observers and somewhat high prices.
I second all the good reviews. 

My advice: Although the place is small, go early or late with a bunch of friends so you can order as many cheeses and wines as you can possibly manage to consume. That way, you get to try (almost) everything, which is exactly what I want to do. As soon as possible. Like now. 

If that's not an option, definitely try the DALLENWILER WYCHAS (cheese) - it's served by shaving it off the round into a lovely oyster mushroom-looking flower. AND it's delicious.
Tria is one of my absolute favorites in Philly. I love the descriptions of the wines and cheeses. Because sometimes I need the menu to tell me that I'm in the mood for a zippy white or a buttery brie, ya know?

Yesterday, three of us shared some wine (couldn't tell ya what it was but it was all good), the aforementioned buttery brie served with a spicy honey, beets with feta, the goat cheese bruschetta, and a mixed greens salad with figs and gorgonzola. Everything was so fresh tasting and just the perfect light bites to pair with some midday boozing. 

I also massively appreciate the heat lamps outside in the winter at this location because they warm me as I walk past them every day. Good lookin' out, Tria.
The service at Tria is definitely 5 star.  The servers are very perceptive at picking up on requests that I didn't even realize I wanted to make.  You don't find that too often in life, but when you do happen upon it, it feels really good!  For instance, we ordered a cheese (the "racy" Cashel Blue...mmm, so delicious!) which our server told us would be served with peaches.  Sounded wonderful to me, but my companion doesn't eat peaches.  We discussed with the server, and determined that honey could be a substitute.  No problem, but deep down I was a little sad about missing out on the peaches.  When the plate arrived at the table, both peaches and honey were included.  Same with the salad...my companion couldn't eat the tomato pepper relish, but they split it onto 2 plates and gave me a little dish of the relish on the side.  Tria takes care of you, and these small touches make all the difference.  Plus, the menu has a lot of appeal, and everything I've tried has been delicious.  If possible, the outdoor dining allows for a pleasant experience and it is a good corner for people watching! When I think about places to eat in Philly, I list Tria as a "sure thing."
Visiting from out of town for a convention.  San Francisco local.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I want to put it in my luggage and take it home with me.  They've struck the perfect balance of fantastic ingredients and symphony of flavors in a casual, friendly, yet elevated atmosphere.  I sat at the counter for 2 hours and watched the cooks assemble the plates and the ladies host the bar.  It was almost like being in someone's house- when they're a gracious host. Tried the fig starter- awesome.  Artichoke salad- awesome.  Banana panini- awesome.  4 different wines, a sauterne and an espresso later- I was sad to leave. 

Believe me- I eat out with a food writer in SF and texted her from here to let her know- excellent ingredients, perfect combos and first rate service.  I hope I have a convention here again soon!
Best cheese and accompaniments I've ever had. Our waitress was so personable and knowledgable about the wines and cheese that she helped make the experience amazing. Will be back!
Tria is one of my favorite places to go in Philadelphia! Definitely would recommend it to anyone. They offer great food/drinks, service, and all at a very reasonable price. The place is also very cozy and intimate. Since then, Tria has become a great default and a restaurant I know I can count on. Make sure to go a bit early since it is a smaller restaurant and can get busy.

Food Rating: 5/5
Service Rating: 5/5
Ambiance Rating: 5/5
