Treehouse, tria, tryst.. Anything that starts with "tr" just sounds amazing! Lol!

Tria houses a modern European wine bar aesthetic with simple cheese plates and bruschettas. Perfect lighting for that romantic-intimate vibe while you IMbibe. The wine? Not bad, I needed a good 4 tastes to find something I liked. Settled on a juicy Cab. The bartender never complained however! She was, in fact, happy and eager to help me! What a gal! (I'm so hardened by the curt NYC attitude that this was actually a real surprise)

TURKEY CLUB
Ok.. so what? It's a club, whoopee. No.   If only it was. 
My gf ordered it. I rolled my eyes. I tasted it. And my eyes almost fell out. 
This was, The TASTIEST club EVER. The turkey hella moist, Lettuce crisp but sauced, bacon crunchy oily goodness, cheddar aged and nutty but not dry, and the tomato HERB AIOLI added an elegant creaminess to every bite. I wish I tried more of the food!

Shoutout to Kana K. for telling me about Tria! Thank you!!

Tria has several locations throughout Philly metro area. A perfect spot to start or end the night! Defn coming back on my next Philly trip!
I loved this cozy little wine bar! The service was excellent! The wine tenders knew their stuff and was great at recommending wines that suited your tastes.  I also enjoyed the little tapas that they had. We chose the dates and brie (see pics, I forgot the names). I highly recommend Tria whenever you're visiting Philly!
Tria Cafe needs to update their primary photo on Yelp. My fiancé and I came here specifically to eat the delicious looking truffle toast featured, only to find that it has not been on the menu for over a year lol. Fortunately, the experience overall was still good, but not great. 

Placed in a prime Rittenhouse location, Tria is a casual wine bar, with seasonally curated wine, cheese, and beer menus. They also serve a varied food menu of salads, sandwiches, toasts, and charcuterie boards.  No full bar, but the wine list is so good that you will not mind. 

We arrived around noon on a weekday, and were informed by the snippy hostess that no tables were available, but we could sit at the bar. This was confusing, because at least 4 tables were unoccupied at that point, and sat empty throughout the entirety of our visit. Fortunately, the bar seating was pleasant, and our bartender/server was genuinely friendly. 

I loved the tangy conserva tomatoes atop the Burrata Toast, but the cheese was bland, and I did not love the hearty bread. The Ricotta and Honey Bruschetta was overly chewy, but the pistachio herbed ricotta made up for it. I enjoyed the local cheeses featured on the PA Playlist Cheese Board, but the accompaniments were lackluster. It was only $22, so fair, I guess. I might come back here, but probably not.
While the Midtown Tria has always been my favorite, Rittenhouse Tria has really started to grow on me as of late.  The walking proximity to my guy's place makes it the obvious choice when we want a nice glass of wine and a little bite.  

The big snowstorm of Winter 2010 is when Rittenhouse Tria really warmed the cockles of my heart.  Despite the weather, the beer, wine and cheese bar was business as usual, with an abundance of pleasant servers who were up to the task of keeping guests fed and quenched.  For $5, we enjoyed glasses of 18% Dogfish Head World Wide Stout.  If that doesn't get the blood pumping on a wintry day, nothing will.

We people watched from our high-top at the back of the bar, amazed by the fact that the nail salon across the street was open, and laughing about how funny it would be if we ran off with some poor woman's snow boots as she enjoyed her pedicure.      

Gotta love snow days.
Tria gets its name from the three fermentation's that are highlighted on the menus: Wine, Beer, Cheese. 
The knowledge of the staff at Tria blows me away. I am awed by their ability to pair wine/beer with cheeses while still suiting your tastes. They don't just memorize a list of "this wine should always be recommended with this cheese" and really seem to thoroughly enjoy hearing how you feel about your final choices. 
The bruschetta, sandwiches and salads are inspiring and tasty, but the true reason to come here is for the cheeses. The menu is broken into types, so that you can choose based on your mood. With descriptions like Luscious and Stoic, it's hard to pass up trying one from each section. The beer, wine, and cheese selection change relatively frequently so this is great to stop into every now and then for a completely different experience. If you aren't stuffed after all the food, try the Rogue Chocolate Stout bread pudding, absolutely delicious! 
The Washington Square West location has recently added a happy hour (yay!) where five options are discounted (a red wine, white wine, cheese platter, and two beers). Every Monday to Thursday from 5 to 7. 
Lastly, if you want to experience Tria for a bit cheaper, they hold a "Sunday school" where one wine, cheese, and beer will be featured (and discounted) for your enjoyment.
I've always been a fan of Tria but my delivery experience this past weekend was especially great. I've had my eye on Tria's to-go menu for a while and we finally decided to try their "Cheesy Package for 2" which costs $50 before tax and tip. The package includes: a three cheese board (you select the cheeses from a list), burrata and tomato conserva toast, fennel-roasted almonds, marinated olives, two choices of salad or sandwich (there are six options to choose from), and a dessert to share (two options to choose from). 

We opted for cheddar, blue and goat cheeses for our board. They were packaged so nicely and labeled, along with the spreads or jams that accompanied each cheese. In fact, everything was packaged perfectly, arriving just like it would had it been served in the restaurant. I was extremely impressed. We chose the artichoke and asparagus salad and spanish white tuna sandwich for the mains, and the flourless chocolate cake for dessert (so rich and simply perfect!). 

The food was all fresh and delicious and I felt like this was one of our better delivery experiences since the pandemic shut down dining-in at restaurants. I have a feeling it won't be long before we order this package again. It would also be perfect for a picnic!
A great place for quality food, wine and beer. I was in the area a few weeks back and was delighted to discover this gem in the neighborhood thanks to some great Philly Yelpers. They did not steer me wrong at all.

I love great and interesting food combinations and here you will be treated to plenty of them. I also love dining tapas style, sharing a variety of bites, it gives you a chance to sample a bit of everything. Thus Tria is ideal.

We loved the roasted beets with feta. We are beet fans though, the roasting highlighted the sweetness and the feta was the perfect salty and sharp contrast to it. The figs with gorgonzola and prosciutto were indescribably good, I won't even try because it will not give them justice. The Italian meats platter was gobbled up, I am convinced there is no bad Italian meat to be found in Philly though the garlic oil, balsamic red peppers and bread added extra happiness here.

I especially loved the bruschetta we got. Pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey. Like everything I had here, balanced flavor, crisp with soft, sweet with a bit of salty. Just really creative and delicious.

I had a bit of the smoked salmon salad with citrus mascarpone and quite enjoyed the great flavors in it. Asparagus, capers, arugula all wrapped up in a delicious lemon pepper vinaigrette. I also swiped a bite of the smoked chicken sandwich, delightful with cheddar, tomato, piquillo pepper, and happy sigh inducing herbed truffle aioli.

My pick was the smoked duck and spinach salad with cherries, pistachios, grana padano (yum) and a citrus mint vinaigrette. I am not normally a mint person but after a consult with the waiter and a little sample I was all over this dressing. Fresh and it matched perfectly with the ingredients. I did appreciate that they were willing to help me out if I was not a fan though.

Even though I could not indulge in the great wine and beer, I had a lovely iced tea and enjoyed myself here a lot. So no worries if you are not a drinker. Fresh, innovative cuisine in a fun atmosphere with very friendly and knowledgable staff. Really not that spendy at all considering what great ingredients they use with such flair.

Oh and I cannot even start to talk about the flourless chocolate espresso cake with hazelnuts and mascarpone. Madonn'.
Now I've completed my tour of both Trias and love 'em each madly. The beer selection knocks my socks off and it's quickly becoming my favorite place in town for small bites. That said, if you're looking for a big, hearty meal, this probably isn't the place for you. Love the bruschetta selection and the dim lighting, tattooed waitresses and great music make it a place I want to spend hours upon hours hanging out in. If you're running around later in the evening and find yourself in need of a refreshing beverage and some kick ass food, stop in, step up to the bar and make yourself at home (and for the love of god, don't skip the Nutella panino. It will change your life).
Wanna save the world? Treat me to Tria 5-days a week. Every time I leave, I'm a man of great power. I stop criminals in action, dance in the rain, walk old ladies across the street and even heal the sick with a wink of my eye. Seriously, that's what great wine, beer and cheese does to me. 

There's nothing better than a server who can truly couple food and alcohol. It's a skill reserved only for the finest palates... and the French. I love beer, I love cheese and I love wine but they'd all taste terrible if I was your server. Art, skill and knowledge - that's the difference between a typical server and a Tria server and that's why they have such great reviews. 

My only negative (and I couldn't even take a star away because it's so small) is the size/seating situation. The Rittenhouse and West Washington Square locations are tiny and cramped. This might, however, contribute to the ambiance... I'll leave that one up to you. 

Say what you will about the trendy places, but I know this to be true; Tria will last a lifetime.
Met up with everyone in Philadelphia and went to Tria on Sunday night. Seriously. This place was packed and there was a 40 minute wait. It was perfect and made me really happy. I'm so used to haters going on and on about how amazing New York is because there's a busy bar or restaurant on any given night of the week. I will admit, Philly seems to like its sleep on off-nights, but last Sunday at Tria gave me faith.

My friend and I were lucky enough to score 2 seats at the bar within 5 minutes of walking in. Just seconds later, the bartender (who felt more like a casual/cool sommelier) approached us with menus and questions and shared some of her picks. 

We ordered at various points throughout the night. Here a dish, there a dish, everywhere a dish dish. The mission figs with gorgonzola and prosciutto were really good, but probably for someone who likes figs...they just don't excite me. The warm mushroom and raclette fondue was really just a mushroom and cheese dip. I guess the word raclette confused me. Anyway, it was fantastic - especially so when paired with the malbec. My wine enthusiast friend swore by the malbec and called it her fav of the night. Then there was some duck salad action. We paired that with the pinot noir and found the clementines (from the salad) and wine combo to be a definite match.

I loved the gouda cheese and ate it with just about every wine we tried. I felt like there was nothing better than the taste of gouda and wine dancing inside my mouth.  The Argentinean Torrontes, however, felt too flowery for my taste. Almost like I was drinking roses. We finished off with the banana panini (divine) and paired that with the cava (a sparkling delight).

I'd say Tria is the place to go if you're looking to experiment with your taste buds. I came with an open mind and found out I like white wine and duck after all. I recommend asking your server or bartender for their favorite pairings or just wing it and make up your own. Yay wine and little plates of food.
Wine, beer and cheese?

Those three words make me tilt my head with floor-wetting excitement like a dog being asked "biscuit, walk, fetch?"

The egg toast was awesome, though the raw egg on top took us by surprise.  Mmm... truffle oil.

The figs were perfectly ripe and were stuffed with just the right amount of gorgonzola.

My mushroom panini was savory-perfect and just the right size.

... and the wait-staff was attentive and right there anticipating our next need so we never needed to ask.  Perfect.

Keep up the great work, Tria!

[Note: I bumped the 18th St. Tria down a star on 4/08-- the place is such a scene after 7PM on certain nights that it really kind of takes the bloom off the rose...]
It really doesn't get any better. Marinated calamari and a roasted beet with goat cheese salad made the perfect post-workout lunch on a Saturday. We arrived not long after they opened at noon, and there were tables available but already a surprising number of guests.

The server helped me pick out the best wine to go with my meal and she was very knowledgeable about each one that had caught my eye. A Rose from Lebanon was my final choice and it really was the perfect pairing.

My friend got the daily special soup, a steaming mug of butternut squash with pumpkin seed pesto lazing about on top and it looked divine. He raved about it, and also polished off his smoked chicken salad in short order. He also gave their iced tea high marks, and coming from a Southerner that is high praise. Refills were dispensed promptly and without request or additional charge.

Total for each of us to have an app, salad, and beverage was only $46 before tax and tip. Really not bad considering the quality of the food. I left feeling nourished and satisfied without being weighed down.
Great experience getting lunch here with the "Sunday school" specials Tria served in October.  For example, we got a glass of nice red wine for just $6.  That along with the alpine goat cheese and bruschetta were my favorite parts of the meal.  The truffle egg toast and the black mission figs were a bit too thick and salty respectively.  Interior and service was very nice, and seating is limited so making a reservation would be a good idea.  All in all, a very enjoyable experience!
Beer and cheese... What could be better? 
Especially when it's exotic brews and imported cheeses and toppings. The menu really speaks for itself- a constantly changing list of different beers, wines and cheeses from all over. The knowledgeable servers would be more than happy to help you pair your alcohol with the perfect cheese, or vice versa. Their sandwiches are also excellent- I highly recommend the salmon. 
Watch out though- this place fills up, and it is routine to wait 1-2 hours for a table on weekends, and 30-45 minutes during the week. In the summer and fall you can sit outside under the heat lamps, which makes for a slightly smaller wait... But still, no matter when you go allow plenty of time! 
And make sure you want to spend a little more on a meal- figure around $100 for 3 people.
Came here at the lead and recommendation of my local colleagues for a dinner after a long flight. The place is in a cool area and rather intimate which I liked and gave me a great local vibe as soon as I walked in. 

The menu had a great selection of wines and beers. I didn't look at any other drinks so I couldn't speak to those but their selection of beers was deep and tasteful, and the others commented on the great wine also. 

The food menu was a selection of smaller plates and bites with portions that were perfect. After the holidays, a nice refreshing light meal that still hits the spot is so welcome. The Mains are salads or sandwiches. My table all had salads so I couldn't speak to the sandwiches. But before that, the chicken liver mouse and the figs are an absolute must! The figs are stuffed and baked with cheese and are just delightful. The chicken liver mouse with the toasted bread was also just awesome. For the Main, I selected the duck salad, which had a great mix of fresh greens and nicely cooked duck. The slices were thin and delectable. 

Obviously this saved room for dessert, and we selected all 3! The flourless chocolate cake, pistachio cheesecake and the bread pudding. The favorite was surely the bread pudding but each one was amazing. I'd definitely go back and likely will, hoping to try something else.
The cheese selection here is incredible! I can't stress that enough. Sure, the entire menu looks great, but coming here just for some cheese and wine makes for a delightful afternoon.
The pairings to the cheeses were unbelievably perfect to their cheese partner. 

On our board: Cremeux de Bourgogne (luscious) paired with honey, Langres (washed rind) paired with dried cherries, & Alpha Tolman (nutty) paired with an apricot & Dijon mixture. 

Of course we each got a glass of wine to go along with the cheeses. I chose a Sauvignon Blanc and I can't remember which white he got but it was beautifully complex with a bright gold coloring. 

I'm going to start making this a monthly trip during the summer.
So, it's 11:30 at night, you are with someone special, you're both hungry and need to decompress from drinking in a very crowded West Philly bar. Tria to the rescue.

Great atmosphere, good music, friendly staff, and the kitchen is open until 1 am. 

The light plates were just the right size to share and the flavors were abundant. My wine selection served me well. Strong, wild tannins, great smooth finish.

For a late night romantic bite, this is where the magic happens... well maybe not all the magic, but an awesome floor show.
I've had the impression since I came to Philly that I just wasn't the type of person to visit Tria. Toted as one of the premier locations for wine and cheese, I assumed it was too fancy for my plebian taste buds. I don't know much beyond "red, white, and sparkling" when it comes to wine, and while I absolutely love cheese, that's not saying much. Mostly because I love all foods. All this to say - I was completely wrong in my assumptions about Tria, and I cannot wait to get back. 

Throw away the conventions that this wine/cheese bar is merely for the fancy folk. I showed up in sweats midday on a sunny Saturday (the plan was to go for a run, but we ended up at Tria), and I did not feel out of place at all. However, the ambiance is really nice and classy, so it could definitely be fancy if you wanted it to be. This location (as there are two others in the city) is pretty small. Table seating is limited, but there is bar seating available if you're lucky enough to snag two or three next to each other. Ideally, this place is geared towards parties of 4 or less. There's not really a lot of space, and the waits can be pretty lengthy if you're just planning for an impromptu visit. My one complaint about Tria is they don't have a huge space available to wait for your table, and they don't take cell phone numbers. Which means you have to carefully time it if you decide to wander away. We waited about 40 minutes for our table around 2pm on the weekend, and the place never really hit a slow point. Worth the wait though.

In regards to food, wine, and cheese? Amazing. Incredible. The bruschetta was to DIE for: we tried the Goat Cheese and Pesto and the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey. Both bursting with flavors. I could easily make a meal of just their bruschetta options. 

If you make it past their snacks and bruschetta, be sure to check out their gourmet sandwiches, salads, and desserts. It was pretty difficult to make a decision, but I settled on the Prociutto Cotto Panino topped with Grana Padano and fig jam. The fig jam added a whole new level: an amazing combo of sweet and salty. The sandwich was hot, huge, filling, and delicious. You can tell every ingredient offered here is of the highest freshness and quality. 

Even in my sweats, with limited knowledge of wine and cheese, I never felt like I didn't belong. Both the wine and cheese menu are organized in a way that even the most ignorant foodies can identify something(s) they'd like; and if you don't? The staff was kind, accommodating, and knowledgeable. 

I'm counting down until my next visit to Tria. Central to downtown, it's close to shopping, Rittenhouse park, and other bars. It's the perfect place for a girl's lunch or a romantic date, but you can also come here in yoga pants and go hog. You won't be disappointed.
I'm an amateur when it comes to wine... I still like the sweet, not-so-dry white wines that are loaded with sugar. Yes, yes, I know - you can totally judge me! BUT let me tell you, Tria has something for everyone. You come in and you're seated on a first come, first serve basis by friendly and courteous staff that are trained to be ninjas in scouting out almost available tables. Although Tria was packed, every.single.server. we encountered was patient and no one seemed rushed. We couldn't decide between wines and our waitress kindly brought out some to sample... I obviously loved the Riesling.

By now you know that this girl probably can't be trusted when it comes to judging wine... so why should I read her review? Because this girl loves to eat. And let me tell you, the food here was A-MAZE-ING - just salivating thinking about it. Each bite (of legitimately everything we ordered- see photos) had my eyes rolling to the back of my head.

Cheese - The Brie was creamy, spreadable, and delicate; whereas the gouda was dense and bold- perfect combination. It came with a beet sauce, which tasted fresh and delicious, but the cheese was so flavorful I sort of neglected the sauce.

Bruschetta - Must orders!! The Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey... I literally licked every drop of honey off my plate. Then, there's the Apple Tree Goat Cheese with Basil Pesto... I totally judged this upon first look - I thought the amount of pesto would overpower the goat cheese, but boy, was I wrong... The ratio was perfect! I was strategically planning my bites to savor it as long as I could. It was one of those, "it-has-to-be-the-last-bite-because-it's-so-perfect" kinds of foods.

Also, you cannot go wrong with the $2.5 Olive Oil Rosemary Potato Chips. Considering most $1 potato chips bags are filled with air and bland potato chips... you're certainly getting a bang for your buck with these zesty, highly flavorful chips with deliciously creamy aioli.

Philadelphia has endless amounts of delectable restaurants, and it's often hard to choose where to go, but Tria definitely needs to be on everyone's Philadelphia restaurant bucket list! It's a must go (at least once.) I've been to this location twice, and it has been fantastic both times. Perfect option for vegetarians, cheese lovers, wine lovers, date goers, etc!
I took a little jaunt down to Philadelphia this weekend for a variety of reasons and this was where I was brought for dinner on Saturday night.   It's a small, sleek and charming little destination just off Rittenhouse square with a cutesey but cute wine, beer, and cheese list (props to whoever wrote the descriptions of everything on the menu - very clever).

All in all a very pleasant experience - we split some cheeses, I had a glass of Nero D'avola and the smoked chicken sandwich.  All very good, but nothing really blew me away, which is why it's not getting that last star.  Also, our waitress was a little confused, and screwed up our check a few times, but it's nice to know a cute little place like this is around if I ever get myself back to Philly.
a lovely wine bar! we were lucky enough to snag the last 2 bar seats available at around 7 pm on a Friday, hence come earlier if you want a guaranteed spot! (other than the bar there are only a few high table seats & regular tables at the front of the restaurant)

TAPAS FOR SHARING
---truffled egg toast: yummy!! the truffle oil went well w/ the fontina
---warm poached black mission figs stuffed w/ gorgonzola: I wasn't a huge fan of these BUT disclaimer, I don't usually like salty & sweet combos
---prosciutto di parma: extremely salty
---smoked duck salad: DEFINITELY recommended, the pistachios in the salad are amazing (the servers were nice enough to split it onto 2 plates for us)
---I really liked my white wine & my friend enjoyed her rose

would def come again to catch up with my best friend in Phili
UPD:
Jon M, owner of Tria, has contacted me and offered an apology for the mistake regarding Temptation and his take on T Gaverhopke Extra.

I definitely appreciate Jon reaching out and in retrospect perhaps I was a bit harsh. As I said, the food was good and the service was very friendly. I might not necessarily agree with Jon on whether T Gaverhopke Extra is a Quad or BDSA, but he is right that it might not be very clear-cut and its something that could be debated between beer geeks.

Below is original review if you are still interested.  

I was very disappointed with Tria.
The place is nice and the staff is super friendly.
However, and this is my the reason for my disappointment - the menu listed Russian River Consecration. That's precisely why I wanted to come to Tria and that's what I ordered from the bartender. Instead (and without a warning or anything)  I got a bottle of Russian River Temptation. I did not appreciate such a switch, especially since they charge you $38 per bottle (last year I got the very same bottle for just over $20 at Eulogy).
After Temptation I ordered a bottle of T Gaverhopke Extra. The menu listed the beer as a Quadrupel. However, once I saw it in the glass, smelled and tried it, I was doubting whether it really is a Quad. It had a rich nutty flavor and looked and tasted a bit on a porter side (though it was not a porter). Since it was supposed to be a rare beer from a very small and somewhat unknown brewery I gave it the benefit of the doubt...

I've checked with BeerAdvocate and it is definitely not a quad, but rather a Belgian Strong Dark Ale.
So, the two beers I've ordered (and the reason I came to Tria was beer) were both misavdertised and in case of the Temptation cost me more than I would've wanted to pay for it...

The food was decent and the service, outside the beer fiasco was nice.
When in Center City with a friend, I needed a bite to eat so I decided to stop off at Tria Cafe. 

I remember in the past this location used to be an Alaska Ice Cream, known for it's good luck tree and moose on the side of the building. Now, it is this cute little place. 

I was told to sit anywhere in the restaurant, so I sat down at a raised, round table. 

A few minutes later, our waitress came out. She was very good and pretty personable. However, I did find it a bit odd how there were so many waitresses who would come by and drop off food or refill your drinks. 

To eat, I got the chilled calamari as well as their chicken sandwich with Lancaster cheddar cheese. I wish they provided bread, but unfortunately they did not. 

The calamari came out fresh topped with tomatoes, white beans and arugula. The tomatoes and arugula tasted nice and fresh, but I didn't love the white beans. 

Soon after that, my sandwich came out. I didn't really love how the sandwich was smothered in some sort of mayo. As a result I didn't really love the sandwich. The chicken was pretty good and went nicely with the grilled peppers. 

While they did have a few desserts including a gluten free chocolate cake, the entire dessert menu was pretty limited. I didn't get anything. 

Before leaving, the entire staff was very nice and wished me goodbye. 

Altogether, this is a nice, little restaurant located on Rittenhouse Square.
I am loving this wine bar for a relaxing girl's night.

Came here with group of 6 girls on a weekday evening and had a fun time. The wine line is extensive, and the prices are incredibly reasonable for how beautiful the environment is here. They also serve a number of interesting small bites and entrees. I got the figs with cheese and prosciutto, and although I wasn't blown away (the figs were surprisingly tiny), it was a fun accompaniment to my hot tea (I know, who comes to a wine bar to order hot tea? It was a long day, and I needed my tea).

Would recommend this place and will definitely be back. There's a couple of other Tria-locations nearby with different feels, so I'll be checking those out as well!
I sat at the bar and nibbled on delicious broccoli rabe bruchetta and warm white bean spread on paprika toast with a glass of Torrontes. I was beaming with happiness. When I proclaimed my happiness, my bf responded with "Yes, because we found a West Village wine bar in Philadelphia."

Tria is reminiscent of the cozy romantic wine bars you find in the West Village, albeit lacking in the small finishing touches. I answered back with "They need crown moulding here." He looked up at the sparse white ceilings and agreed.

Still the broccoli rabe bruschetta was incredible. The rabe was gently sauteed down and piled to make a beautiful green mound lightly covered in shredded parmesan on a lightly toasted baguette slice. 

The warm white bean spread was smooth and very tasty. I could have sat there all night nibbling on more of their little plates. 

Fantastic date place.
Tria has become a go-to weekend lunch spot.

Their sandwiches (especially the prosciutto ones) are just right.  It's nice that they serve a salad on the side of their sandwiches and not the usual heavy fries.  I always leave feeling like I had a clean and healthy meal.  Their appetizers are also on point - their truffled toast with egg is just a brilliant dish, and very tasty.

I walked in there with a starbucks iced coffee once and the server asked if he could pour it into a glass for me because they didn't want to advertise starbucks?  A lady walked by towards the end of the meal and asked if I wanted a refill on my diet coke... haha

The atmosphere here is just really laid back and modern, good place to take a friend who's visiting that won't break the wallet.
Horrible service. Server took forever to take our order and then bring our food. Considering there were only 6 other patrons in the whole restaurant, there was a pretty considerable wait. Most hilarious part? She took my Dad's sandwich away to wrap up and NEVER BROUGHT IT BACK. 

Food was ok, but I won't be going again.
I love this place. It's classy without being pretentious, dimly lit without being dank, special but affordable enough to stop by with friends. You could meet someone for a low-pressure first date here (did that once) or bring an out-of-town friend who appreciates good cheese and wine (I've done that, too). 

I've never had trouble getting seated, though I've also never been during the "high" hours of happy hour or pre-dinner weekend. You might want to plan a bit in advance if you do, as I know that it's a popular spot. 

The bruchettas are delicious, the appetizer's are large enough for everyone to have a nibble, and the menu is easy to read and understand. Oh yeah, and they know what good glassware is about. Do yourself a favor, and spend a quite night there with someone you like.
Oh Tria how I love thee.  You know the way to my heart, and that route is paved with cheese.

You make even the most novice of oenophiles feel at ease with your simple menu sorted by adjectives such as "zippy" and "lighthearted".  The mood is always perfect at Tria.  Whether you are meeting for an after work drink, a dreary Sunday afternoon, or just starting off your Friday night, Tria serves as the perfect backdrop.

The staff is wonderful and educated.  

This is also one of the few places where I have gotten Dogfishhead's Festina Peche on tap.
Totally fun and very hip. If you're a taster this is a great place for an experimental adventure. Not great for a meal but perfect for snacking or an after dinner drink. Tria has an array of wine, beer, cheese, and hors d'oeuvres to try in small samples. 

What I love about the menu is that if you're an amateur at wines and cheeses (which I totally am) the menu gives an articulate and descriptive summary of what each selection tastes like. Sometimes the descriptions are a bit excessive, but you get the idea. The restaurant has classy vibes, but I find if you want some intimate chit chat, sit near the door or outside because the music is definitely loud. 

I find they have a great selection of red wines, the bruschettas are wonderfully savory, and definitely check out the cheeses! Three people is a perfect group to split one dish. Order a bunch. Yum Yum!
Despite their no reservation policy, Tria does a phenomenal job at seating their customers and accomodating their needs. With their European style setting, you can enjoy a lovely meal with friends without breaking the bank. Affordable, delicious & great service!

We came today for an impromptu intimate birthday lunch for a friend. There were five of us and they had us seated at a small round table. However it was very squished so after a table next to us cleared up, we asked an employee, who turned out to be the manager, if we could have both tables. He was very quick and accomodating, thank you!
The food never disappoints at Tria and one particular thing I love about the Tria brand is that they are consistent across the board. I usually frequent the Washington Square West because I have a fondness for the staff there, but today's experience definitely pleased me, especially since I was determined to make the birthday girl happy.

We got to try the buffao cheese special for their "Sunday school" menu which is a light, creamy cheese that kind of resembles brie. I'm not cheese expert, but paired with the bread & cranberries, it was perfect! We ate that with the italian meats selection which you can mix with the pickles (wow are they strong), grainy mustard & a spicy pepper oil spread.
We also got their bruschetta, which I can never go without. Seriously, it's like committing a sin if you step out that door and do not order their bruschetta! We got the broccoli rabe & the lavender honey pistachio riccotta bruschettas, which they kindly cut into quarters for us to share. The flavor just hits the right spots of happiness.
My friend raved about their roasted beets salad which comes with arugula, crushed almonds, red onions & this amazing balsamic vinaigrette. We swapped the goat cheese with feta cheese, which was fabulous. Definitely give that a try if you like the original beets salad. I'm not usually impressed with salads, but this one I could eat everyday. It's very light but tasty. I'm kind of obessed now.
Lastly, we also split the mozarella/priscuitto/peppers/pesto sandwhich, which was very crunchy and delicious. The peppers, which are thinly sliced, were slightly sweet & balanced the strong garlicy flavor of the pesto.
As for the service, our waitress was top notch: friendly, quick & efficient. It's all I can ask for!
I love Sunday School @ Tria!  1 beer, 1 wine & 1 cheese offered at ~50% off (one each per customer)! 

Word to the wise, if planning to show up around dinner time, put your name in at least 30 min in advance (we waited 45 min last night).  Looking to avoid crowds?  Show up @ 3pm for some afternoon wine, beer & cheese & avoid the lines.  They also have dog-friendly outdoor seating along Sansom St.

My girlfriends and I meet up here each Sunday & end up paying about $15 each (tax & tip included) for a couple hours of girly talk, wine, beer & a cheese plate.  Last night's specials included a crisp Austrian white wine, 11.8% Weyerbacher beer & an aged cheshire served with a roasted tomato mustard sauce.  Delish!  

The service last night was excellent - our attentive waiter brought extra bread for our cheese plate, kept our water glasses filled & swiftly cleared empty glasses from our table.
Probably my favorite spot in the Rittenhouse area.  Great wines, love the sidewalk seating, and the food is de-lish.  Personal faves include any one of the bruschettas, beet salad, and my newest fave - the asparagus salad with grilled chicken.  Amazing.

I love being a lady who lunches here.
Tria is my favorite spot in Philadelphia and I make it a point to try and go at least once every single time I'm in town. 

I found this gem a couple years ago while staying at the Sofitel hotel which is at the other end of the block from Tria. I must have gone three times the week I was there because me and my colleague couldn't get enough.

This last time I was visiting Philly with my husband and I took him on a date night to Tria. He was as impressed as I was of course.

There is a great selection of wines and the staff is always happy to help you choose one that suits your taste buds. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are generous for sharing. My absolute favorite thing on their menu was the white bean dip served with paprika toast. It is by far one of the best dishes and so incredibly flavorful. Their crostini's are also delicious. There is one with ricotta, lavender and honey that you cannot pass up. What I found interesting about Tria is that they are putting out these great dishes without a full kitchen. So there are many salads and sandwiches to choose from as well as their light bites for sharing.

There are two Tria locations although I have only been to the Tria Cafe Rittenhouse. I'm sure the other is great as well. The Rittenhouse location is perfect if you work downtown and want a place to go for happy hour or if you are planning on seeing a show and want a nice spot to grab some wine and light bites beforehand. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to get back myself!
This is a sacred place - a place that houses my holy trinity: cheese, wine and beer. I really can't ask for any more. I'm a not-so-simple girl with oh-so-simple desires.  

People talk lots of the truffled egg toast and Nutella panino but you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't order at least one or two cheeses and some alcoholic beverages. I recommend you create your own sampler platter since one is not offered. The menu is so stacked and you gotta cover as much ground as possible.

Tabs are quite hefty but the Wash Sq. West site has a 5 for $5 happy hour menu: a white wine, a red wine, a cheese plate and two beers. 

Whether you're on a date, having a working lunch, or convening with a few friends Tria is a great place to do it.
Love this place - amazing wines and probably the best brushetta I have ever had. 

I will admit my cheese palate is not that developed so some of the cheeses scare me.  Regarldess I will love coming here - especially in the summer when I can get a table outside.
Well, golly, when a place opens 10 minutes early because you're looking forlorn at the front door, I mean WOW, that's VERY nice.

Sat at the bar and started chatting with the wonderful bartender.  Very knowledgeable, helpful, personable and a delight to talk to.   She knows that you don't just "serve" a customer, you make the customer's whole experience.  That is the difference between a good bartender and a GREAT bartender. 

I always wondered how a wine bar can be unique in Pennsylvania, given the restrictions imposed by the PLCB, but she explained it well.  The wines are carefully chosen to provide a large variety of tastes and textures and all are available by the glass.  But ...sigh....  it's still Pennsylvania and the selection doesn't quite compare to what many other major cities can offer.

I had the mushroom and fontina bruschetta, a bit salty, but tasty and warm and the bread was just the right texture.  Then the duck salad with spinach, strawberries, pistachios and a mint vinaigrette.  The duck was tender and the salad was very tasty, and inventive.  I love new tastes!  Then another bruschetta, the more traditional eggplant caponata.  They snuck in golden raisins to give it a bit of sweetness.  (the menu doesn't tell you about the raisins)

Tria seems very well run, and obviously successful since they have opened another wine bar, Biba.
OH MY GOD. The bruschetta is phenomenal! Don't skip out on the mushroom bruschetta if you want melt-in-your-mouth goodness. If you are a pesto fan, get their pesto/goat cheese bruschetta - they really lay it on thick.

The beet salad was great! I loved how they had chopped pieces of almonds along with arugula... Coming from someone who doesn't usually like arugula, this salad was amazing.

The ambiance of this location is perfect for 2 or 3 people to come in and catch up. Dim lighting, tall tables, and booths alike, with all diff. types of people. Service is great as well! The server was helpful in giving recommendations on what to order and was friendly!
If you love wonderful wine, beautiful and big beers, and the choicest cheeses, you will LOVE Tria.  They also have great salads, sandwiches, and unique bruschettas.  

I come here for lunch, for after work drinks, and for drinks after dinners or night-time meetings.  This is clearly one of my most favorite places to go and bring people to try.

The waitstaff is incredibly knowledgeable about what they serve.  Tell them what you like, and they will provide you with the perfect suggestion.  Ask them to pair some cheese with a wine you are loving, and you will love the cheese and your wine even more.  They are also brutally honest about choices on the menu.

The menu is on four long pages - with lots of various offerings in each category: food, wine, beer, and cheese.  The wine, beer, and cheese pages have descriptions that are easy to grasp rather than all wine-speak.  For instance, the wines are "sociable" , "funky", "bold", and things like that for broad categories.  They WILL have something you will love - whether it be the boldest of reds or the most sociable or invigorating beers.

No, it won't be a cheap evening of drinking, but you will LOVE everything you try - just tell the waitstaff what you like, and they will fit the bill.
My favorite intimate spot in the city!

Great prices, great beer selection, great staff.  And Sunday's there are special deals called "Sunday School".   Atmosphere is cozy.  Great for a date.  Fun music, loud though.

Small selection, but specific enough to be incredibly enjoyable if you like bruschetta, cheese, wine and beer.
I know I will be the minority in leaving such a low rating for Tria Rittenhouse, but my friend and I left feeling unimpressed, and even a bit regretful. I am shocked that I left so disappointed after reading near perfect reviews, and I really hope this was just a bad night.

A friend and I met for drinks after work. She had no trouble getting a table at 5, and I met her soon after. We were immediately asked if we wanted to order drinks, and were told this particular location does not offer happy hour specials (I'm assuming that means their other locations do). We also were not offered any water, which I found to be odd.

What I found to be even more off-putting was the behavior of our servers. Normally I am very appreciative of attentive waitstaff, but our servers were a bit too much. Our waiters seemed to constantly hover very close to us; we were asked constantly if we were going to order anything else, and if we declined, we were met with stares. I have never felt so rushed or suffocated, and we both left feeling a bit unwelcome.

Bottom line, the interior is beautiful, the food was ok and my wine was excellent, but the service and experience did not match- and the price was just not worth it. Perhaps I will try another Tria location, but I don't think I will return to this particular Tria again. Total buzzkill.
I like Tria. I've been coming for a long time. Great wine list, really good boards and decent bites. Tonight I had the smoked salmon salad. It was delicious. This place is consistent. Beautiful wines and boards. If you want an elegant evening, good wine and a vibrant spot try Tria.
with all the new wine bars opening up on every corner in sf like starbucks, it's surprising that it took a biz trip to philly for me to finally venture into one.  (maybe because it's not in the marina or hayes valley or whatever hot spot in the city...) but i digress...

walked in with a newspaper and grabbed a seat at the bar before they filled up - for a tuesday night, the place was poppin, filled with the philly version of fidi post-work crowd - fewer suits (maybe they're more biz casual here?) and small groups of friends grabbing a pre-dinner drink or sharing a selection of small plates or a sandwich or salad accompanied with a glass of wine.  you could easily transplant tria into the marina or soma with it's scene-y vibe (and somewhat aloof service) but the crowd's more diverse in a good way.

i was drawn in 1. because of the location (just a couple of blocks away from my hotel) but 2. because of the creative and extensive wine list i discovered when researching restaurants before the trip (good tip rachael ray!).  in sf i'm used to napa and sonoma heavy-wine lists and it was refreshing to see a broader variety in geographical representation as well as styles.  the list was charmingly sectioned by style, and each wine was described well.  i started with a thomas & giesen shabaka primitivo ($12/glass - $29 bottle/retail) and also had the alamos seleccion malbec ($9.50/glass - $19/bottle retail).  no quibbles about the pours and markups aren't too outrageous (approximately or even lower than restaurant standards - which are high, but that's another story...).  an equally impressive list of small bites and cheeses make it worth the price - yummy spiced walnuts and gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto, and a server recommended the beaufort d'alpage to go with my malbec; great recommendation and the cheese was served with thinly sliced baguette and this awesome paste (quince?) that i swore tasted like nutella!  the staff can afford to be a a bit snooty when they know what they're doing.
I imagine Tria is a place you take a hot date to on a friday or saturday night...hey, maybe even a thursday.  Unfortunately for me this was not the case, but I hope to someday rectify the situation. 

Instead of hot dates, my boss treated me and my coworkers here SO MANY TIMES in a 4 month span of time for lunches.  I do love free meals, but amazing free meals are even better.  In my opinion I'd say Tria is one of the best places to eat in this area of town.  I love cheese, and they have lots of cheese.  Everything on the menu is described fully so you understand exactly what you're getting and the wait staff know exactly what they're talking about in regards to the foods, wines and beers that pair together nicely.  
Its a small popular place that fills up fast, but definitely worth trying out even if you have to wait.
If you are looking for light food options with great drinks, this is the spot. Absolutely obsessed with their Ricotta cheese honey toast and mozzarella sandwich. Great wine and cocktail options as well.
Decisions... Decisions... I don't know whether or not to give four or five.  For now, I will settle for four.  

The bruschetta are amazing.  Each bruschetta plate is two pieces.  They are definitely a must.  My favorite is the truffle mushroom.  The apple tree goat cheese with basil pesto was really tasty as well.  They were very generous with the goat cheese spread and basil pesto spread on top.  The pistachio herbed ricotta with lavendar honey was OK.  It was our server's favorite, but maybe my least favorite out of the three.  It was still good.  Like the apple tree goat cheese - super generous on the ricotta, except the pistachio was soft, which was 'meh' to me, instead of crunchy.  The herb was amazing and the honey gave it a nice touch.  Like I said, not my personal favorite, but I still think it's worth a shot.

The poached mission figs with proscuittio was pretty good, the figs/gorgonzola was pretty good - the salty proscuitto compliments the sweet figs well, except it sort of tasted like cinnamon raisin bread to me.  

The gouda roomano was amazing.  It came with a side of cherry preserves - YUM. and four slices of bread.  The cheese, from Netherlands, aged 3 years, was sweet and salty at the same time.  It was really good.

The brioche bread pudding (banana and caramel) was decent as well.  It was warm and fluffly, except they were so stingy on the honey mascarpone cheese.  I kinda expected the mascarpone to be spread like icing, not just a tablespoon dollop.  

The wine list?  WOW.  I love how they label it too  (e.g. bold, funky, etc).  We got the cabernet blend "double T" Trefethen from Napa, CA (with black current, cedar, and spice) and it was so amazing I had to have two glasses.  

The service was great, too.  The staff are really attentive and watches every table like a falcon.  She notice the table candle went out before I did.  It literally just went out and she took it with seconds.  They are also good at making recommendations - what people found most popular, what they like and why, etc.

Great place!
I've never been thrilled with the place, but it offers a good fall back if the place you wanted to go to was closed/packed, you cant figure out where to go on a date, you need to entertain a friend in town, etc...

But I'll never go out of my way to get here.  In by opinion, your better off going to Monks/Devils Alley/Belgian Cafe/that beer place in old city for beer, a friends house for wine, and mercato or de brunos for cheese...
I think the Tria's are cute. Nice date place. Not overly impressed with the food. For a wine bar, I think the wine by glass selection could be better. And they are a little selfish with the pour.
So, the other night I was running late to meet up with a friend for a little wining and dining and Bump.  Well, since I was running so late we decided just to go around the corner from his place to Tria.  I've always wanted to check it out, so it was cool.  

We got there close to 9:30 pm and the hostess asked us if we wanted seating, and if so, we would have to wait.  Well, before we could even make our decision, a girl at the bar offered her seat to my companion and I as her date was just around the corner.  

First sign that you're in an awesome place:  Nice patrons : )

So we sat down and ordered some beers.  They had Alagash White on tap ($5 and one of my favorites), so I ordered that while my companion did a "Tida" description of what he wanted in regards to beer ("ummm...something that isn't too heavy, but is kind of not too light, that's not too sweet..something that is...).  The bartender was able to decipher his beer jibberish and got him an awesome draft beer in which he thoroughly enjoyed.  I think he got him a Stoudts Gold Lauger ($5).

Right when we got our drinks one of the cocktail tables became available and the hostess was kind enough to give us the head's up.  We got up to move and a server told us that she would bring our drinks over to us.  

Second sign that you're in an awesome place:  Nice host/servers : )

So, my companion and I sat down and decided to order some snacks.  We ordered the "Sliced Italian Meats served with Balsamic Red Pepper, Caper Berries and Dijon-Garlic Oil" ($10) and an order of the "Goat Cheese, Roasted Garlic and Pesto Bruschetta" ($3).  It literally took only four minutes for the food to come out.  

Third sign that you're in a truly awesome place:  Fast service : ) 

The Slice Italian Meats plate was much larger than I had expected.  We had 3-4 slices of I think 5 different kind of Italian Meats.  We were also served sliced baguettes to enjoy our meats on.  IT was fabulous!  

The Bruschetta was pretty good as well.  They were exactly like the ones that I make at home with pesto and garlic bought from Whole Foods on a baguette.  At least I know that I should throw some goat cheese on my homemade ones as well.  The plate came with two slices of baguette so we decided to order another one to absorb the bottle of wine we had previous to coming out.  

Now, the last and final sign that you're in a good place:  Good "snacks" : ) 

I didn't really have any real "food" at Tria so I can only say "good 'snacks'".  Hopefully I can make it back there soon to try out the rest of their menu.  HOPEFULLY IT'S A SUNDAY TOO.  Their website has a "Sunday School" tab with the Sunday beer/wine/cheese special (1/2 off).  

All in all, it was a very nice snacking experience.  The bill only came out to $23 or so.  The service was really awesome, the servers were really, really nice (as were the patrons) and we were fueled for a long night of dancing and drinking.  I will definitely be back.
This is one of my favorite places in the city - although I don't make it over often.  I like the atmosphere here better than the sister bar on Sansom... and it's usually easier to get a table.  My favorite pairing thus far has been the TTE DE MOINE cheese and the MALBEC "SELECCIN," ALAMOS, '06.  They also have a good Gorgonzola with Fig Jam Bruschetta (although I like Vintage's better) and a mixed marinated olive bowl that makes me sit still and swoon.

Overall - a great little hangout.  Makes for a great happy hour or late night hole - but I'm not sure I'd call it a great place for dinner.  Still - if you're going - let me know so I can come with...
I had a happy hour/early dinner here last night. This place had a lot to live up to based on all the reviews I read on Yelp. Tria did not disappoint!

I started with a glass of  gamay, a "lighthearted red". The tuscan white bean dip was good and flavorful. Came with toasted baguettes and they even brought extra for free! The truffled egg toast was yummy. The mission figs with gorgonzola and proscuitto and bruschetta with brie and cherries were two sweet and savory dishes. Both were well balanced and flavorful. We also ordered the smoked duck salad with strawberries and pistachios, which was amazing. And they split the salad into two, without asking :) We shared the blackberry pudding for dessert. And I have to say that this was the most disappointing part of the meal. It was bland and unflavorful. Even with the chocolate syrup... 

Good portion size and great service. Great prices and portion sizes. I'd highly recommend coming here for good food, drink, and ambiance. I'd prefer to give this place 4.5 stars because of the dessert, but since Yelp doesn't give half stars, Tria gets a 5.
I love good wine, so I was excited when Tria opened at 18th and Sansom (they apparently also have a location at 12th and Spruce opening soon).  My friends and I decided to give it a go, and we were not disappointed.  The wine list is fantastic, and we were especially happy to score a small table outside so we could sip our wine and enjoy the evening breeze.  The food was also great.  We ordered a cheese plate and strawberry and brie bruschetta because, honestly, what goes better with wine than cheese?  The only thing that I disliked about this place was the prices.  No one is going to go to a wine bar for just one glass of wine.  Since the prices range from $8-16 a glass, the tab quickly adds up.  Since they only serve 5 oz. of wine per glass, in a 16 oz. glass, I feel that the glasses are a bit overprices.  I wound up paying more for a couple glasses of wine that I would have if I had bought an entire bottle at a good wine store.  

The food however, is reasonably priced, and I don't think any of the food items is over $10.  Just don't go to this place hungry, though, because, while the food tastes wonderful, the portions are small.  The beer prices are also pretty standard.  I did feel a little pretentious sitting at this trendy wine bar and sipping my $11 glass of wine while pedestrians strolled by, but I did enjoy myself, and I do plan on going back.  Since there really aren't many wine bars in Philly, Tria is a welcome addition to the city's nightlife.  Just come with a full wallet.

They also run a "Sunday school," featuring certain wines and cheeses each week for 50% off.  It's definitely the best time go to because you can drink twice as much for what you'd usually pay.  

Their menu, wine list, beer list, and cheese list, as well as each week's "Sunday school" special, is featured on their web site: www.triacafe.com
I'd give Tria 3.5 stars if I could.  Here are the details:  They serve about 27 wines by the glass plus 7 dessert wines.  The selection is from all over the world, which feels a little like a survey. I don't think they serve many if any wines by the bottle, and they don't offer tasting flights. 

The food selection is a little sparse and standard. They serve 'snacks' like almonds, charcuterie, prosciutto-wrapped dates, etc; bruschetta with fancy toppings like wild mushrooms & fontina; salads; sandwiches; desserts and cheese. The cheese menu is good. 

The service leaves something to be desired.  Maybe 4 of the 6 or 7 Tria servers I've encountered have been really nice but the others are awfully surly. I'm also never really satisfied by their wine recommendations.  My estimate is that the servers know the basics about the wines they serve, but not the details. 

On the other hand, the atmosphere is great, so while there are things I don't love about Tria, I keep going back. If I'm missing better wine bars in Philly, let me know!  In the meantime, 4 stars for Tria.
I went to Tria last night (Tuesday) and had a pretty good experience. I think its a cute place to meet up with friends & chat over snacks or bite size apps as well as a solid date spot. 

While the wine bar was full, it wasn't overwhelmingly crowded by any means and the noise level was pretty average for a wine bar. As there are not a lot of decorations in this place, the lighting really sets a comforting atmosphere, and I would describe the space as modern. 

My waiter was friendly and patient as it took us a bit to order drinks, and all of the staff members I interacted with were polite. I would be interested in going back here to try a spread of the snacks. While I didn't get any food on this visit, I was seated next to the kitchen area where the food comes out and everything looked amazing! This was a great first showing of Tria and I'm sure I'll be back soon.
Came here for Sunday School  for the first time yesterday. There was tons of seating at 9 pm which was awesome because they don't take reservations - and walking in always makes me a tad bit nervous. 

LOVE the concept. As an aspiring wine and cheese connoisseur (far from it but girl can dream), I like being introduced to different wines and having a blurb to read about it too. Best part is that you can be classy in a budget! One wine, cheese and beer on the menu every Sunday from noon - closing at 2/3 Tria locations sold at a discounted price!!  We also ordered some apps from the regular menu - truffles eggs and truffle bruschetta. 

Add this to your philly bucket list if it isn't already on it!
This may be one of my favorite places, in any city.  It has an excellent, fun and descriptive wine menu. The light food - paninis & bruschetta -is tasty and the ambience is casual and easy.  A couple of tables outdoors lets you enjoy your wine al fresco.  And "sunday school" can't be beat for a half price glass of wine they want you to try out.  I wish they'd open one in NYC...
I've never had a bad drink of food item at Tria. Hard to get a seat if you aren't there early, but this place never disappoints. My wife and I try and sneak in around 4 to enjoy the bar with the baby asleep on our chest. We love it here, and you will too.
I really liked it here.  However, right now my addled mind is having a hard time deciding whether $86 (incl. tax and tip) is a normal people price for 4 glasses of wine, one sandwich, one salad, and 2 bruschetta.  It should be noted that I went out and had 2 pieces of (very bad) pizza after my sandwich and bruschetta, but that's at least partially because I'd been on starvation diet for a couple days.  

Anyhooligan, I was again really happy to be eating things that didn't feel like they were going to murder my heart in my sleep.  Would like to see a more varied menu though.  They seriously need to get some boquerones on there.  But yeah, I guess I find it kind of expensive.  Maybe if I had a job I would feel otherwise.
OK, maybe 3.5 stars - but not 4.

I just was not impressed with the food.  We had several small plates - and a really bitter greens-based salad.  Also a dessert panini which sounded much better on paper than it actually tasted.  The cheese selection was nice.

The service was fine, if a bit dis-interested,  and the decor and vibe call for a 4 or 5 star rating but the food was not worth the price, and not especially memorable.

This location I like better than the 11th Street location.  Not sure why - but we had a better time here.
Drinking a cold Allagash after work with a co-worker at one of the outside tables, while watching the Rittenhouse crowd go by. Sharing a plate of cheese and a couple of glasses of wine at the bar with my husband. Lingering over the white bean appetizer, or gorgeous salad. Indulging in a warm chocolate dessert. 

Why did I leave Philadelphia? Tria, I miss you.
If I lived in Philly, I'd come here after work to feel posh and indulge my taste buds to some fine wine and cheese. I love cheese so I was happy to see the extensive cheese list that Tria offered. 

My cousin, Ken and I ordered the gorgonzola and fig jam bruschetta, the goat cheese and pesto bruschetta, and the Jasper Hill Farm Winnemere (described as a hint of stink, a bit of Christmas tree; soft, squidgy, velvet in the mouth.) The bruschettas weren't incredible but still delicious but I was in love with the winnemere. It came with a little dish of honey to offset the strong stinky flavors. Mmm...sweet and savory.

Ken sipped on the Doghead 90 Minute IPA (yum!) and I enjoyed the New Zealand Staete Landt Sauvignon Blanc (described as refreshing, complex and exuberant with pink grapefruit and tropical flavors, attractively crisp finish.) Oh la la.

Definitely a lovely place to stop off before dinner or start your night. My only complaints was that I wish that we could choose what to pair the cheeses with (like Hotel Biron in SF.) I would have loved that stinky cheese on some apples. Mmm.
I cannot even being to explain the out of body experience this place gives me. 

Tria is all about the perfect bite and adult drink. And that moment when all of your senses are tickled and you have no idea what to do about it other than "mmmmm". The amount of love and affection I have for this wine bar is like no other. 

Huge bonus- Unbelievable service. We waited at the bar while waiting for our friends to come. Very attentive and friendly. When our friends did arrive, they immediately took our glasses of wine and brought it to our new table.

If you go balls out, order everything on the menu, and have plenty of drinks to wash it down (at least 2, maybe 3 per person). I'm serious.

[1] Do please get the truffled egg on french toast. Heavenly.
[2] Try any of the bruschetta. Unbelievable.
[3] Cheese platter. Yum.

As a huge fan of this Italian wine bar, I wish everyone..

Buon Appetito! ;)
Ideal Sunday: Wake up at noon, call my 3 closest friends and head down to Tria for Sunday school. Every Sunday Tria features one beer, wine and cheese for half the price! Ordering one of each with an additional salad or sandwich is the perfect, cost-effective way to recap the weekend with friends on a lazy Sunday. Although I am partial to the original location, if it is too crowded I would check out the more spacious location at 12th and Spruce.
Cheeeeeeeeeese....  

I'm sure my written version of the Homer drooling sound won't do it justice.

The portions of cheese were, I thought, fairly generous (and beautifully presented) and came with bread and their own specific honey accompaniments.  The descriptions on the menu were spot on and when trying to decide between two delicious-sounding options, our waiter was happy to further elaborate on the differences.

Like the cheese menu, the beer and wine menus are creatively but usefully laid out and the descriptors were a little precious but reasonably accurate.  Huge wino that I am, I was impressed with their selection -- lots of geographic diversity, lots of diversity of winemaking style, plenty of lesser-known varietals.  

It is pretty heavy on the pretentiousness, but I didn't get any strange looks even though I rolled out of the house in my study gear: scrubby jeans, sneakers and a hoodie.  The tall tables near the bar are off to the side well enough that it's possible to get some kicks observing the people who come for the pretentiousness in their natural habitat, while simultaneously feeling undisturbed enough to enjoy some delicious snacks.
Let me start this review with this: A few days ago, Tria had Bitches Brew on tap!!! - a rare beer from yesteryear. This just goes to show you how cool of a place Tria is - you can always discover a new beer here. All of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about beer, which is a huge plus when you come here with a Stella (yuck) drinker.  

The food is also good. I have never ordered anything I didn't like. 

Come here early. No reservations and the wait is usually 1+ hour over the weekend. Is it worth the wait? It is.
My first experience at Tria was great! My friend and I went one sunny afternoon on a Saturday. The space is pretty small inside, so it was definitely packed. Right as we arrived though, a couple had left, so there was one two top table in the back right next to a window, which was pretty perfect on such a sunny day. 

We ordered the sparkling rose to start and then I later ordered the normal, still rose. they were both great and not overwhelmingly sweet. For food, we ordered the charcuterie board (which was all meats and no cheese), the pistachio honey lavender bruschetta, and two types of cheeses. The pistachio honey lavender bruschetta was  delicious! It's the perfect combination of ricotta and honey. The cheese and charcuterie boards were also great! It's hard to pick cheeses since there are so many options on the menu, but our waitress was very helpful when we gave her our preferences. It was the perfect amount to fill us up for the meal, too.
The food here was fantastic! I had been to the other location on Spruce and was equally impressed. 

Figs with Prosciutto 5.0/5.0
Charcuterie 5.0/5.0
Truffle Egg Toast 3.5/5.0
Duck & Spinach Salad 4.5/5.0
Apple Bread pudding 4.0/5.0

Kudos to the waitress for the great service. I came here a bit underdressed. I stopped in after a jog through the square and initially felt out of place. On top of that, I had to step out several times to take calls. The waitress treated me well and didn't act like I was going to dine and dash despite my very casual outfit and frequent departures.
Awesome show, great job!

Tria bleeds good atmosphere. And attractive people. What you're left with is a bloody, boozy, attractive, atmospheric mess. And, a clear indication that I should stop dropping acid.

Anyway, the obvious reason to come here is for the wine. But did you know there's also a pretty respectable beer list in there as well? No? Well then shut up and listen.

Anyway, I've been here many times, and it's always a ball. So much so that I'm actually willing to describe it as a "ball." A little more on the pricey side, but it's worth it to bring a couple of friends and spend an hour or so during any time of day in this spot.

As a bonus, they have helpful descriptions of all their bottles - a great help indeed for people like me, who only pretend to be wine connoisseurs to impress your mom, who is hotter than you. Did I just say that out loud?  Yes, I did.

The place can get a bit cramped because it's long and thin, but it's never to the point where I'm annoyed by it. Which is to say that you will probably be fine with it, because I'm an impatient prick.

Pro-tip: Check out their Sunday School special, and extend your booziness to fill out a full weekend experience!
Took advantage of a beautiful fall day and a quiet work from home schedule to sneak downtown for a nice lunch with the family. Since no review in 2020 is complete without mentioning covid precautions- let me say that we dined outside and were able to order and pay fully online. Our cheeseboard, sandwiches and wine were all on point. An extra star for our server, who ran 1/2 a city block to bring me the leftovers I had forgotten.
My friends and I decided to go to Tria on a Sunday afternoon after already brunching and drinking elsewhere. I'm really glad we went! Sundays offer Sunday School, which gives you a chance to sample wines, cheese and beers for super cheap. And they offer quality wines, cheese and beers.

I had the Three Cheese and Tomato Panino which was delectable. I savored every bite. I could eat it for lunch every day. It was about $7, which I think is really reasonable for a good sandwich.

The bartender was nice and despite a full house, the bar had three open spots seemingly awaiting my friends and me. I'm not sure about the rest of the week, but I'd suggest if you've never been you try Tria on a Sunday to take advantage of the deals.
While I certainly prefer the other location, I've decided that Tria is Tria and Tria is GOOD! 

Just the most exciting and desirable Wine & Beer lists. The food menu has yet to feature one single word that isn't a "deal maker" for me. The staff in both locations has impressed with their quality in service, personality, and knowledge.

I take one half star away for preferring the layout and openness of the other location. 

I take one and half star for the kitchen employee that knew of (I can't say he was the actual culprit)..knew of the giant TURD that would not flush and did nothing to stop me from entering the restroom as he was exiting, nor did he or anyone return to TRY to help it along!
Well we walked in here last Friday night after going to the Helium. No reservation the two of us got a seat immediately. The decor is simple and cozy. Even though the space is small I did not feel cramped or like I was sitting on top of the adjacent diners. The service was great, we did not have to wait long for refills or our plates being cleared. I wish I could remember the name of our waitress because she was awesome. After studying the menu for a few minutes my companion was instantly won over by the cheese list.  We ordered and split what has to be the best arugula salad I have ever had. All the greens were fresh, the beets were not over-powering, and the toasted almonds played off the goat cheese in a sublime way. I was not as impressed with the sandwiches we ordered but this is not to say they were bad by any means. I was already a little too tipsy so I skipped the wines but that just gives a good excuse to go back sometime.
Tria is a great place to stop in for tasty nibbles. Sadly, I last went on Passover, thus denying myself the full extent of deliciousness. Silly Jew, no bread for you. :(

Anyways, this is the perfect place to grab a bite when you want flavors without getting full. Their gorgonzola and fig combo is fantastic. Some of the cheese offerings are merely nice, without quite the obsessive attention to flavor pairings that Amada has, for example. Encourage your waiter to tell you what's good with what-- they have all taken mini-lessons on everything that Tria serves.

At the Rittenhouse Tria, you may have to trade privacy and personal space for a table in the tiny room, but don't let that stop you! Everyone is too busy eating figs in cheesy honey to care about how close you are.

Update: I have since been informed that Tria keeps a stash of matzoh around during Passover. Personally, I hate matzoh. But just fyi, Jews, Tria's got your back.
Unparalleled magnificence for cheap. Though i'm prone to hyperbole, Tria is, without a doubt, the best place for any kind of date in the city of Philadelphia. Not having a good time? Swallow the last few sips of your zippy white wine and get the hell out of there. Think your new beau might have promise but can't be sure? Order a plate of the many bruschetta varieties or a ramekin of mixed olives and mull it over. 5 minutes in and you're overwhelmed by some kind of love/lust haze of happy? Request a recommendation for your second glass of wine or beer from the hyper knowledgeable server, check out the super foodie cheese specials and think about ordering dinner from the simple but high caliber menu.  Music is good but muted so you can hear yourself critique, flirt, judge or sigh and the seating is darn near perfect. Outside chair real estate is prime but affordable; getting a table doesn't mean you have to sign away your first born or attempt to bribe the hostess with crumpled $10 bills. 

Tria deserves your love. Your lurve even.
Tria is absolutely an amazing first date spot.  If you're a regular guy and drink your beers but don't know too much about wine, but want to take a girl to a nice spot and impress her with your sophistication, Tria is it.  And what I would actually recommend is sitting at the bar because first of all, it can get quite loud so if you want to be able to hear each other this is the best solution, and if you suavely engage the bartender, which in my experience they are all so fantastic, extremely helpful without being annoying.... then your date will end up with the perfect glass of wine and she'll think you're the bees knees...note, the bartenders can be quite charming so make sure you keep the focus on you once she's been served! What also makes it a great date place is that you can eat a light but delicious meal, share some bruschetta, i recommend the goat cheese and caramelized onions, actually, all of them are amazing!  The bartenders/servers will also make amazing recommendations for meats and cheeses, or you can order a pressed sandwich or an amazing salad, and you won't have that gross schleppy feeling afterward and you can continue impressing the hell out of your date with a stroll around Rittenhouse!  Another plus- the alcohol can be pricey but your meal was totally reasonable, cheap even, so perf!

I have drinks and eats at Tria as often as possible, and I've been dying to try the fermentation school.  Full marks for awesomeness!
Sat outside on a beautiful Sunday afternoon at around 5pm, the place was packed but our server always checked in and refilled our waters. The food came out fast and although she might have forgotten to put in 2 items (we finished our first 2 and someone came to clean our plates) the remainder dishes came quickly after we reminded her of the other two orders.

Charcuterie board- $15 was so delicious! I loved all the meats and the sauces that came with it, the pepper stuffed with cheese was one of my favs! 
Sunday School Cheese selection was one of the best cheeses I ever had, I had to resist getting another one! It was castelerosso cheese, super smooth and delicious and went so well with the marmalade they provided. $4 Sunday school price, can't beat that! 
Truffle egg toast- I was so excited to try this but it was probably my least favorite thing. The bites with egg yolk were good but overall pretty mediocre, maybe my expectations were too high.
Bruschetta- pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey- ugh you can't go wrong with cheese and honey. So delicious! 
Banana hazelnut bread putting in Nutella sauce was guiltily delicious!! 

Overall, excellent experience, prices are reasonable, service was good, and every bite was an experience! Will be back :)
Why haven't I come to Tria sooner? This is the question I asked myself with every delicious bite of food and sip of wine. 

My friend and I met up for dinner and drinks on a Thursday around 5:30. There were no happy hour specials offered (boo) so we took a look at the regular menu. The menu offers a lot of small plates (apps, bruschetta, salads, sandwiches and cheeses). My highlights of the meal were truffled egg toast, Gorgonzola figs and the Goat Cheese and pesto bruschetta. 

My friend and I were also feeling adventurous and tried the Epoisse De Bourgogne cheese. This cheese was described as "#1 iconic stinky cheese of France". Well, when in Tria.. The cheese was more mild and not so stinky. When paired with honey, cherries and toasted bread it really had no chance of being anything less than perfection.  

The service at Tria was excellent. Our server was very knowledgeable about the different cheeses and wines. We ordered a few rounds of food and each time our plates were cleared and we were given a new set. 

I say it again. Why haven't I come to Tria sooner?
My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia and were walking in the neighborhood with full intention of going to a different restaurant for dinner. As we passed the outdoor seating area we had to pop our heads in and see the menu. It just called out to us to come sit outside on the side of a busy street to people watch and have a couple of small plates. We decided to sit down and order a beverage each as well as a couple of small plates. Our server was nice enough to allow my hubby to try a wine before he was going to make a decision. She was very good and describing the flavors that were going to come through the wine. We decided on one ultimately without trying it and it tasted exactly the way that she said. I ended up getting a spritz. They had an amazing wine list. Just as impressive was their cheese list. We decided on a yummy spreadable brie. It was amazing!! We also got an order of the fontina and mushroom bruchetta. We decided that was good enough for us as an impromptu appetizer and allowed us to sit and have a great conversation to start off our night. I wish to go back again and try other wines and cheeses.
I have been here twice since the incident last week and I have had a great time so I am just chalking up the night last week as a fluke in service

Victory Abbey 8 for $5 might be the best thing ever
I REVIEWED THE WRONG TRIA! i feel bed :( but i posted this review in the OTHER Tria's profile. i'm sure are equally as wonderful though!

this place is wonderful. the decor is comfortable and clean. i loved the lighting and the colors. and the huge windows everywhere are so inviting. the staff was super friendly and on the ball, refilling water and ready to take orders without us having to ask or even motion for their attention. the food was perfect- from the plating to the taste to the protion size and price. i would go back in a heartbeat. i wish they had more veggie friendly items, but for the smallish menu they actually do have a good amount. the prices are very fair- our bill for 4 (2 had wine, 1 had a beer, 4 salads, and 2 starters, plus tip) was about $82. i felt like a real adult dining here haha
I love Tria. It has a great ambiance and a wide variety of wines for even the most refined palate. Now as a college kid, I'm just looking for some good wine and yummy snacks that I can grab with friends. Tria definitely delivers at this. Since I'm no sommelier, I won't even try and suggest a wine. But, I can say that the Prosciutto Cotto Sandwich with Scamorza, Broccoli Rabe and Roasted Tomato-Sweet Pepper Spread (holy hell thats a mouth full) is pretty killer. Per usual, also grab a charcuterie platter. It's as easy as 1, 2, 3.
I really adore this cafe.

The food is delicious. Light yet upscale cafe fare.
The portions are perfect for the price you pay.
Speaking of price - a bargain for the quality of food plus the location of this cafe - where most its neighbors would be charging double this.
But this is why I would go back again and again.

Their salads are fresh and addicting.
I was seriously half tempted to order another one.
Specifically, the Mixed Greens with Mission Figs, Gorgonzola, Pine Nuts and Gorgonzola-Pine Nut Vinaigrette   $8 . 

I can't wait to go home to revisit and try the Egg Truffle Toast. Mmmm.

* * * 

Street parking
Great atmosphere, wait staff, food, and drinks. This is a fantastic place to go for drinks with friends and a light dinner. I especially enjoy the outdoor seating for after work cocktails. The construction caddy-corner from Tria kinda sucks, but otherwise it's a great spot.
It's an institution in Philadelphia. (See the 10k other reviews)

Beer, wine and cheese.  The servers are fantastic.  The menu changes frequently.  It's great for first dates.  It's great to bring out-of-towners to.  It's great to tuck in at the end of the evening for that final nightcap or two.

It's damn near perfect.
I have long been told that Tria is a magical place, but I never quite got there. Sheesh, this was a mistake of rather epic proportions. I have pretty little doubt that I could have randomly pointed at anything on the menu and it still would have been ridiculously good, the fact that so many items (on the beverage and food menus) appealed to me makes this a must repeat experience.

My thoughts and medium useful photographs can be found here: 
http://mealsihaveeaten.blogspot.com/2009/11/truffled-egg-toast-and-smoked-salmon.html
3.5 stars

If there is one thing that i have learned from going on beer trips with my parents since i was in high school its that i can't keep up with them drinking beer.   (and no i haven't been drinking beer since HS!)  So when my Dad suggested checking out Tria for our first stop on the beer trip to Philly, i was excited that they had something i could easily drink and keep up with the rents: wine.  

However my plan was nearly foiled when i sat down and saw they had a Russian River tap.  I kept saying to myself "Please let them have Pliny, please let them have pliny".  They didnt, but still the beer selection here was awesome.  The fact that they even offered Russian River (from California) was great.  Other beers included Belgian style ales... great for the rents, but not my cup of tea.

So i opted for one of their wines.  They had probably 20 plus different wines and it ended up being a very difficult decision on my part.   I started with the reisling, which was very sweet and very good.  Then i progressed to the Shiraz which was very sharp and immediate caused the heart burn.  but thats the price i must pay for good wine.   I will say that the wines run 8-12 bucks a glass, so choose wisely!    You'd hate to spend all that money for something you didn't like.  The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable, and the descriptions on the menus of the wine are very accurrate.

The food seemed to be unqiue and intrigueing, but expensive.  There were a lot of different cheese selections, but the plates i saw had more bread than cheese.    I would have liked to have seen a sampler platter or some kind of combination of cheeses.    The one seemingly reasonable thing were the different brushettas.  I got the goat cheese and pesto, which was awesome.  But it only came with two slices of bread.  For $3.50, thats a little much.  

Overall, the prices are high, but the quality is great.  It would be a great place to grab a quick drink, but i'm not sure that i would be willing to go here on a regular basis.   Plus it bugged me that not only were the bathrooms unisex but they weren't even labeled as bathrooms.
I love lounges, mainly because unlike bars I never get kicked out of them.  Even though Philly is cold and the people aren't as beautiful as in South Beach (hEllO, where I live), I like to visit Philly for its lounge scene.  Tria exemplifies this.

I have been to Tria many times in the past, but this review is about a recent visit.  After an incredible dinner at Little Fish, I wanted cheese and wine.  Ya, where else in Philly is as perfect for cheese & wine as Tria?  Plus, I was on a date, which meant I wasn't paying, and my date was big enough to scare off all the people giving me attention.

We stopped into the Tria near Rittenhouse Square.  Please, the Gayborhood Tria is nice too, except late at night when there are call-trannys on the corner of Spruce and 12th.  For real.  Sometimes they start as early as midnight, which is just devestating when I'm trying to enjoy a nice glass of wine.

The staff is lovely at Tria, all very 'scene.'  You know, that Philly Urban Outfitters thing.  They helped us to our table and my date ordered two glasses of dessert wine.  I can't remember the names.  hEllO, I drink to get drunk, not to collect a mental rolodex of wineries.  And I was sooo impressed, because one of the glasses was out of stock, and the bartender graciously gave us a different type of dessert wine for free.  When does that happen?  Never in Miami, that's for sure.

In addition, we ordered two cheeses, which came with bread, in a beautiful little display.  I suggest the L'ami Du Chambertin.  Don't worry about pronouncing it, the staff is chill and won't make you feel stupid.  They didn't even hit on me while I was there, which surprised me, but then I remembered that they're all hipsters and seem to date within that scene.  It's like... romantic segregation.

Overall, my experience at Tria was superb.  I will be back, whether Tria wants me or not.

This has been a Review by Fulgencio
yeah, I make fun of people that pontificate about wine, where its harvested, bottled, how long it should breathe..yadayadayada

yeah, I order beer when I'm in Italy, Argentina and Spain instead of the locally produced wines.

yeah, I prefer any other fare to cheese, apples, olives, honey and cured meats when I'm out at a resto.

YEAH, I'd come back to this spot again and again because they know how to properly pair the wines with the cheese/meat plate.

I may have to wear my slim-fit blazers when I go out now.
Sunday School at Tria has become my ritual.  Nothing beats half off wine, cheese, and beer.  It's so decadent without the price.
Salads are excellent, and I'm a huge fan of the brie and strawberry bruschetta.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and hipster cool.  It's my Sunday night love.
Since I could practically live off cheese and wine, I was very excited to check out Tria after getting a gift card. Although I went during the after work rush , we only waited a few moments to be seated ( there were just two of us). The place is small and you do feel crammed. We were almost tempted to try it another time because we felt so restricted but we stuck it out and I'm glad we did! The wine selection is diverse and I enjoyed trying some whites that I had never heard of.  We both got salads which were so good. The highlight of my salad was the bagette slice with warm goat cheese that accompanied it. It was heaven ! I reccommend Tria to those who love wine and cheese- the menu is very short and selective in other depts. I dont' reccomend going with a big crowd, the place is super tiny and better enjoyed with one or two people.
Tria is a great gathering place for good wine and tapa tasting. It's a very nicely decorated venue with a long bar and window space so you can watch the people walking by. There's a young, hip crowd that populates Tria and the menu is decent. I tried the warm goat cheese with beets and it was fanastic! The desserts are great here too so don't forget to check out their choices!
My husband and I stopped in here on our way back to DC from a wedding in Connecticut, and a year later, I still think that we need to make a trip back up to Philly to eat here again.  

They have a great beer selection, and the cheese and honey plate is amazing.  I loved sitting at the window and spying on people going about their Sunday.  It's adorable, affordable, and so yummy.
I've been a fan of TRIA's since it opened. If you like finer wines
& hand crafted beers - this is the place to go. They have a unique
selection of wine & beer, great cheese selection(and other "snacky" food), friendly & knowledgeable staff, nice atmosphere. One  "complaint"
I have is: it tends to get quite crowded so it helps to go early 
& secure seats. ALSO - I WISH they would do a sampler of 
their beers on draft. I wonder WHY they DON'T do this???
CHEERS!!!!!!
I have been to Tria numerous times, three of which have been in the last couple months. Each time the place has been cramped for space, but not too long of a wait for a table. The service is amazing- very friendly and knowledgeable. Each time, they have been more than happy to give recommendations based on our tastes and explain the reason behind their recommending. I tend to just go for drinks and apps, rather than a full meal. What keeps me coming back is their mead. Mead can be quite saccharine, often a turnoff. However, the mead at Tria has coffee added which cuts some of that sweetness. It may even be my favorite drink (I usually don't even like sweet things). All of the wine I have ordered at Tria has been above par. The apps are great, but it's definitely more about the drinks. The location is very convenient as it is only a block off the square. It can be very loud and hard to talk. It has pretty dark in there. Also, it is really not made for big groups. I would recommend only coming with 1 friend.
Oh Tria, how I love thee. From truffled egg toast to fresh cheese plates to roasted beets with goat cheese (I don't even like beets!), you do it all so well.  I crave Tria often but don't get there as much as I would like because the bar menu makes things pricey. Definitely a place to hang with your friends and catch up after a show. Not somewhere to go on a hot date when you want privacy and cosy conversation. (Tables are set close to one another so you may worry about other patrons overhearing your oh-so-private conversations).  If you haven't been, check it out!
Really love the ambiance and the food here, but get ready to drop some cash if you want to eat enough AND have a few glasses of wine...

My favorite dishes:

1. Truffled egg toast - SO satisfying and can taste the truffle throughout

2. Pistachio herbed ricotta bruchetta - the honey and ricotta combination is absolutely fantastic

3. Tuscan white bean spread - surprisingly very flavorful, though very small portion size 

4. Grilled asparagus salad - super refreshing with a variety of different vegetables and actually a very large portion size compared to other options

Definitely worth checking this place out for a date night or a girls night!
I'd give this a place a 5 if it was my cup of tea or if I knew more about places like this. This is the fancy kind of place that a true wine (or beer) and cheese connoisseur dreams about and also the kind of place I normally wouldn't have gone had I not been brought here by a true foodie. They have a very knowledgeable staff that seemingly knows everything about wine and cheese and they carry more of both then I've seen anywhere else. 

I don't remember the cheese I had gotten was but I do remember the "lighthearted" red wine (Beujolais, Domaine Dupeuble, '07 from Burgundy, France) I had gotten was fantastic and so was the gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto. The wines are usually $8-12 glass (expect a conservative amount poured) and the cheeses (brought in from Murray's in NYC) are $7-9 for a small amount designed to savor and enjoy. 

Tria is the recipient of many food awards and if you like wine and cheese you'll fall in love. If you like beer or other small plates or salads you'll also enjoy yourself at this Philly gem.
I think this is a cute date spot, summer night nice glass of wine in your hand sitting by the window people watching.  Laid back relax feeling but just get there before 1am the kitchen closes.  The flour-less chocolate cake was rich and dense, the coffee nice and frothy.  Yeah def a date spot :)
Unique.Creative.Divine.Delicious. a favorite...

Ask for: Kerri & try their HONEY! you ask why? trust me, i wanted to grab a spoon & eat it on its own.

Each server is very passionate & willing to explain each dish, cheese or wine options. Sit at the bar ask questions. They will give you all the best pointers & maybe even a little taste of a wine. 

Food was divine. Ordered a cheese platter, perfection. Bruschetta: sauteed broccoli & truffled mushroom (my favorite of the 2 was mushroom). TRY duck/spinach salad, so delicious. Also Each selection is unique and you can definitely 'taste' the passion in the kitchen by each bite you take.
Imagine, if you will, that you are a lifelong, Jewish vegetarian. You don't expect much from your food - your salads, french fries, veggie burgers, etc. It's easy to impress us and we are happy to chomp on some spinach with fresh-ground pepper. 

Now imagine you go to Tria and you get served a bacon sandwich and take a couple of bites, under the belief that this is the mushroom sandwich you ordered. Absolutely disgusting. I've been a vegetarian for 28 years, Philly resident for 1, and I'm never going back to any of these chains. What equates to a small mistake in the kitchen really can effect people seriously - as you can imagine as I am typing in between dry heaving. All you had to do was get me an overpriced cheese and mushroom panini and I'm still left wanting.
