Wow, why did it take me so long to check out this gem in my neighborhood??? I will say I didn't realize trio was a Thai restaurant, so that's my excuse!! We started with the corn and shrimp fritters, which  were amazing
 Tons of shrimp and tossed in a light sweet sauce. Just dynamite. I went with the Thai basil with lemongrass meatballs ( you get to choose your protein) and wifey had the green chicken curry. Both portions were great and the perfect size. The Thai basil dish was spicy and fragrant, just as it should be. The meatballs in my dish were cooked to perfection. The green curry was also fantastic, albeit the chicken was a bit dry. We ended the meal with a chocolate mousse that was super creamy and rich. All in all, fantastic meal coupled with perfect service and great location.
We ordered three Drunken Noodles and a soup. The food was was mediocre, lets proceed and focus on everything else for now, okay?!

Our waiter, who I'm reluctance to give out his name, did not comprehend that one of us wanted a soup, and thats all what she wanted for dinner. He kept asking " And for you, just the soup?" like FOUR times. I'm not even kidding you! "Only the soup", "just the soup"," just to make sure, you only ordered soup."

It didn't take long time for us to got our Three Drunken Noodles ( With chicken, duck and jumbo shrimps.) She didn't get her soup yet. At that point I wasn't sure if he did it in purpose to be funny, or he really forgot. 

One of the people in my group has a really low tolerance for spicy foods. He asked the waiter about the heat level in his dish to make sure it was the right for him or to even lower it for him. His Duck Drunken Noodles was so spicy he couldn't eat it.  

Our water glasses were not filled unless we asked for refill, which took forever.  We even asked for a water carafe to make our life easier. The waiter didn't know what a "carafe " was. So we asked for a "pitcher" which came after we asked him for the second time. 

Prior to ordering, we asked the waiter if we can get separate check, since we were carrying only cards. The waiter said of course, it won't be a problem. Well, it was. The waiter, brought us the bill before even asking if we need anything else, some dessert for example. Anyway the bill was NOT separated!!! He said he will figure it out. 10 minutes later, he came to pickup our payment. Another 10 minutes before he came again, and asked us to go to the cashier and tell him what we got and pay it over there. Convenient?!!

I'm giving Trio two stars because my shrimps drunken noodles dish was okauish. Not delicious, nor horrible, just good. And I LOVE Thai food.

Once overheard" most supermodels are ...." I prefer to use not very smart. 

Two Yelps.
Special COVID review update alert.

Trio has been a go-to for sometime, but excelled in a recent COVID delivery in all categories. 

Keep an eye on their specials. You SHOULD be ordering the Drunken Noodles with pastrami if you like drunken noodles and pastrami. They make their own pastrami and it goes darn well in this staple dish.

Their ratatouille is also chock full of fresh veggies and seasoned, marinated with a pan-Asian twist.

Delivery was quick, and they followed the contact-free instructions.

Trio is a must- have on your COVID delivery list and a mainstay on your everyday list.
I've lived across the street from Trio for almost a year now, but I never went until just last night when I needed a close-by restaurant to take my visiting grandparents to.  I chose Trio over someplace like Rembrandt's or London, just a few more blocks away, because it seemed quieter and a little more high-end.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
Inconspicuously tucked away on the corner of Brown and Taney St's, I think its location is a main reason this place is usually pretty empty, which is kind of a shame, something my grandfather commented on-- for a place so conveniently close by in the neighborhood, why aren't there more people going there?  My guess is that it's not quite that crowd living around the restaurant-- you've got mostly late 20 y/o and then old Greek and Italian families that have been there for ages, not quite the Asian fusion crowd you might expect to find a bit deeper in the city.  Either way, Trio probably doesn't have an easy time with that.  Upon walking in the door, I was displeased with the smell of the place, it smelled like a sponge after washing a sinkload of dishes....luckily my nose was quick to habituate.

THE FOOD/DRINKS:
It's a BYOB, and I was fortunate enough that my Grandparents (likely on the suggestion of my Grandfather, who enjoys drinking it up with his younger kin) brought a nice bottle of red along, not even expecting that we would uncork it that night for dinner.  I think Trio could really benefit and expand their business by acquiring a liquor license and installing a bar, I know I would be there a LOT for cocktails before going out, as the only other bar on the street is a dive bar called Krupa's, which isn't really my scene...however, Trio would be right up my alley if they served.

The menu featured an enticing selection of Vietnamese and Thai-influenced dishes, I went with the Beggar's Pouches for my appetizer and the Seafood Hot Pot for my entree, while my Grandmother went with two appetizers-- the Chicken Satay and Corn Fritters, and my Grandfather had the Chicken Curry.  The Beggar's Pouches are one of the most popular offerings at Trio, and they had a delightfully crunchy texture...although I think it was a little too sweet from the sauce, it was very tasty.  By the time my entree came out I was already kind of full, but I did my best-- it was very good.  I originally ordered it after thinking of Mongolian Hot Pot, one of my absolute favorite things from my trip to China in '06.  While Trio's Hot Pot is nothing like Mongolian Hot Pot, it was still a lot of fun-- scallops, calamari and shrimp with glass noodles and various greens.  The Chicken Curry was VERY spicy on the curry, but apparently you can ask them to go easy if that's not your bag.

THE SERVICE:
I thought our waittress was as attentive as she was friendly, and I think that even if the restaurant had been a little more full than on our Tuesday night visit, she still would have handled my Grandparents and I just as adeptly.  Although she sort of stumbled through the specials, and I didn't really retain what they were when she got through them all, and she spilled our wine as she poured it, you could tell she wasn't doing it out of neglect for our comfort and she still did a great job of taking care of us.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
I think I need to come back here with a date or something, I'd like to see the main dining area upstairs.  For me, it's conveniently located, for others, finding it, and then finding parking on top of that might be a hassle.  Even still, Trio has some great food, and it totally worth checking out.  I know that in this review I did a fair bit of complaining, but trust me, the overall experience was a very good one.
I had an absolutely horrible meal here.  I might venture to say that it was the worst meal I have had in Philly.

This place isnt really Thai, but it does have a lot of Thai food.  The appetizers were all awful in my opinion.  The chicken satay was ok, but who can screw that up?  The calamari was disgusting and for being a "salted calamari" it needed a lot of salt!

I ordered one of many "specials."  They offered about 7 or 8, which in my opinion is no longer special and means the chef needs some focus.  I then decided on a second special which was recommended to me by the server after he tried to push the filet special on multiple people in our party.  It was supposed to be half a duck with crispy skin.   It turned out to be the driest piece of deep fried meat I have ever had.  Something tells me the server had never even tasted this dish.

The prices here reflect those of quality restaurants but the reality is this place was less satisfying than McDonald's (seriously).  I left ravenously hungry and pissed that I dropped $40 on horrible food.
Bigger than you'd think
Thai, but good for all pallets
Reasonable price

I don't really venture to this side of town often, except for the occasional trip to the Northstar. On a Friday we were visiting friends who live down the block, and headed there with a group of 7.

The place looks pretty tiny when you walk in, but they have 3 floors of seating and were able to accomodate our sizable group without issue. The staff was supre friendly and accommodating, as we were served by no less than four people and I never saw the bottom of my water glass.

On a recommendation, I ordered the Drunken Noodles with shrimp. They utilize a star rating for heat, 1 to 5. The noodles are listed at 1, but I upped it to 3 and they were damn near perfect. Not overly spicy as to overwhelm the dish, but definitely better than a 1. If you like your food hot (as I do,) I might go with a 4. The noodles are really good too, thick enough to absorb a lot of the sauce.

Overall the bill for a group of 7 came to just a hair above $150. Nobody got desert, and it's a BYO, so it's definitely reasonable if you want some great food without a back-breaking bill at the end!
Trio is pretty tasty. 

First, follow the advice of your fellow Yelpers and SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT. I had the pleasure of consuming a slice of pumpkin cheesecake that tasted more like pumpkin (but not pie) and less like the abomination of sugar and cheese you find elsewhere. 

Second, the tofu in the Tofu with Ginger is really crispy without being overly oily, but do ask for extra vegetables...otherwise you're likely to get a plate with some ginger and fried tofu and some errant vegetables seeking shelter under a pile of tofu triangles.

Third, the vegetables and shrimp in the curry were crispy and had that sort of "farm-to-the-table" freshness...too bad everything was drowned in overly coconut milked curry sauce.
It's probably been years since our last visit to Trio.  After a long bike ride and storms in the future, delivery only made sense for last Saturday night. 

We ordered the Drunken Noodles with beef, fresh pineapple fried rice with duck and the vegetable samosas to start. 

Their website prompts you to order through Grubhub so the ordering process was easy and pretty prompt. Everything came to us warm and neat.  

The vegetable samosas were probably our favorite part of the meal. They consisted of potato, edamame, veggies, spices and came with a Thai peanut sauce. There were two large samosas which were really easy to split between two people. 

I wasn't overly impressed with the rest of the meal. I thought the portions of the fried rice and Drunken Noodle to be fairly small. The rice was a little dry and we had to add our own hot sauce to help the consistency. The duck was sparse and a little fatty. The Drunken noodle was standard but nothing special. 

We've always been happy with our in-restaurant dining experiences, so I'd certainly be willing to give that another try, however we probably won't be ordering takeout from Trio again.
Trio serves fine Thai cuisine and is a staple of the Fairmount neighborhood.  My wife and I get take-out from Trio about once a month and occasionally dine.  Don't let the empty ground floor fool you.  Most of their seating is upstairs and probably packed.  We love the pad-thai and drunken noodle.  Friendly staff and good service.
Got take out and arrived right as they were packing the food.  It was a quick walk home so I wasn't worried about the food becoming soggy.

We each got an entree and split Vegetable Samosas, which I say were good but they seemed pretty bland, the peanut sauce was delicious though.  

My Girlfriend chose the Pineapple Fried Rice with Tofu and Vegetables.  I thought it was ok because it was seriously lacking spice.

I got the Drunken Noodles with Chicken.  I thought mine was my dish was better than the pineapple fried rice, but once again there was a complete lack of spice.

When I eat Thai I am expecting a very distinct taste followed by a very hot spice.  This did not exist.

I won't be going back for a long time.
I've been meaning to get this review up for quite some time now and after having tried out Trio's brunch recently, I just had to get on and do a little raving.

Let's break this down into many little reviews....the food, service, and atmosphere.  One review just wouldn't suffice...

Food first of course!
There is one dish I get every time I go....the pineapple fried rice.  Throw a little shrimp in there and it's a delicious complete meal that will not disappoint you!  But would I ever let it be my only meal...no way.  I always share a few things with whoever I'm with.  The crab cakes and thai basil chicken are more favorites.  This is definitely a place that you'd want to order a couple of apps and dishes to try out a little of everything.  And as for their brunch....definitely stop in!  I'm a big fan of brunch and like to mix it up and try different places, but this will absolutely become a regular spot.

On to atmosphere...
Great for dates, dinner with friends, special occasions...just about everything!  Trio has several floors.  I've always sat on the second or on the outside deck.  On a comfortable day it is a great little spot!  The downstairs seating isn't as appealing, but there must be a way to make a small space more inviting to sit in....maybe fewer tables?  or maybe no desert display?  It's a tough one.  But needless to say, the rest of the restaurant is very inviting and comfortable....good ambiance for sure.  If you haven't been in recently, check out the new tables designed and built by Michael, one of the owners.  They are incredible!  

And the service...
Always friendly and want to do their best.  Sometimes I feel like one of the waitresses is actually going to sit down at our table and start hanging out, but I'd much rather that than someone snotty who is trying to rush you out or someone who really doesn't know what they are doing.

One last thing.....if you can, definitely walk or cab it.  Finding parking around Trio is not easy!  If you have to drive, add a bit of time on before your dinner to search for a spot, otherwise you could get very frustrated!

Overall, Trio is definitely a go-to place....one of my city favorites!
multi level BYO. my friend and i tried the beggar's pouches, house salad, pineapple fried rice, and chicken thai basil.

beggar's pouches: served nice and hot, even the two of us that don't like seafood much enjoyed them. a bit awkward to eat so if you're on a first date, don't get them.

house salad: it's impossible for me to say no to a salad with pear and sugared walnuts in it. the balsamic vinaigrette dressing was just the right amount.

pineapple fried rice: the chicken in it took on the flavor of the curry, but tasted kinda bland. this was a really dry dish. neither of us were expecting the yellow curry -- was imagining something else.

chicken thai basil: this dish is what helps me decide if a thai place is worth returning to. i enjoyed the bok choy that accompanied but this had hardly any sauce and GARLIC CHUNKS in it. please tell me why. garlic flavoring competes far too much with the other flavors. if you are into that be my guest! but otherwise i'll only be back to try the samosas, desserts, and drink some vino.
Was not familiar with this restaurant until this weekend.  AWESOME!!!
Food was great, Service was great, and you could not beat the price.  also ITS a BYO!!!! HOLLA! One app, 4 entrees, and 4 desserts (save room, you'll definitely enjoy!!) cost us a whopping $100.  FANTASTIC!
In the mood for Thai takeout, the GF and I decided to check out Trio. Located in the Fairmount area, the praise-worthy reviews appear to be on point. 

Beggar's Pouches [$9]
Crisp dumplings filled with minced crab, shrimp, sweet chili sauce

We decided to try the beggar's pouches, which were beautifully hand-wrapped. Despite this being takeout, the pouches retained their texture. Crunchy on the outside and filled with well-seasoned minced crab and shrimp, these were a great starter. Take it all in one bite though or you might have pieces all of your plate - or your shirt.  

Drunken Noodles [$13]
Crispy tofu, vegetables, wok-seared wide-cut rice noodles, broccoli, egg, onions, bell peppers, Thai basil

The drunken noodles had good chew and the bits of tofu, broccoli, carrots, peapods, peppers, onions, and egg helped to create a nice bite that wasn't too spicy. Salty, sweet, savory, and slightly sour - the Thai flavors were all there.

Pineapple Fried Rice [$12] with Chicken [+ $1]
Jasmine rice, cashews, pineapple chunks, Madras curry powder 

The GF was itching to try the pineapple fried rice, which had a nice creamy, gluttonous texture to each bite, which was studded with bits of fresh veggies, cashes, and tomatoes. Despite the creamy texture of each bite, you could still make out the bite of each grain and the bits of chicken were plentiful and juicy.

Trio may be our new go-to Thai place and I'm looking forward to trying some of their more authentic dishes - as well as some pad thai, natch. Trio is also BYO - so head on over with a bottle of vino and you won't be disappointed!
I've been here about three times. First time with friends and we just had a great price fix dinner on Halloween and it was delicious, it made us want to try it again. Then we came back for our Anniversary and had a great dinner, the Beggar's pouches were what stuck with us the most. We then went back with friends after a regatta and the place was kind of empty on a Sunday afternoon but the food was still just as delicious.
Love this place.  Noodles are great and you can never beat a BYOB. I go all the time and am always thrilled with the service and shocked about how great the price is when you aren't paying for drinks. Organize a lot of group friend dinners there.
Really great gem in Fairmount. Some of the best thai food I've had in a long time. Yummy soup with lemmongrass and shrimp. Very nice dining area upstairs, and a little deck off the back. Too bad it was raining tonight but I look forward to having some dinner out there sometime. Would be a great date restaurant.
Contrary to the previous review, I've never had a bad meal here. Sure, it's a bit pricey for Thai food, but certainly not compared to other restaurants in the Fairmount area. Moreover, this place is hands down my favorite eating spot in the 'hood. Unlike 99% of the other places in Fairmount, which seem to always have a surfeit of drunk, frat-ish people, Trio allows me to have a quiet, classy, BYO dining experience not too far from home. 

I appreciate the many "specials" they offer every night - that tells me that the chef is creating new dishes based on what is fresh and in season. 

Service: the waitstaff here has always been extremely friendly and informative. When I finished grad school last year, I had my graduation party here, and the waitress went out of her way to make sure everyone's needs were met, even though we were a rather racous bunch that was only amplified as we drank more wine.

I get take-out from here quite frequently. The tofu pad thai is my go-to dish, and it is always consistently superb, and generously portioned. 

In summary, I heart you, Trio. I don't care what other people think.
Yum! We're definitely coming back here for seconds! 

The samosas are devine - best peanut sauce ever. 

This place is a gem.
My boyfriend and I went here on a whim on Sunday night. We live in the area, and thought we would give it a whirl!

Boy were we glad we went! First of all, they have a lovely deck that sits along an ivy-covered brick wall. It's so pretty out there!

Second, our server was just wonderful. So helpful with the menu, very honest. He really took care of us. 

Lastly, the food was impeccable. My boyfriend spent 3 months living in Thailand, and said this was the most authentic this food he had since his trip. It was that good!

It's Byob, which rocks. They will mix you up a pitcher of sangria if you bring the wine. What more do you need?

Needless to say, we will definitely be going back. Just lovely!
Trio was okay. I can't say id be back because nothing i had really stuck with me. We decided to try out the appetizers. So when the waitress came (who was very nice btw) we said we wanted the beggars pouches, vegetable samosas and the pancetta spring rolls. We waited a while and we were the only people in there. 

While we waited i sipped on my Thai iced tea which was very bitter. 

The food finally came and we were missing the pancetta rolls and she brought us seafood dumplings instead. We weren't upset we decided to try them anyway. (Even though she should have said something). The seafood dumplings were gross, slimy and mushy. the beggars pouches were delicious and I've had better vegetable samosa. 

After we ate everything we weren't all that satisfied. So if i happen to go to the museum again maybe ill try an entree but i really wasn't impressed. The fact that no one was there should have been a sign.
This is based on a my first and only delivery service from here.

First off the delivery took 30 minutes more than the anticipated estimate. Placed order at 5:15pm, confirmation stated around 6:15pm, it was delivered at 6:30pm without a call to notify us. 

Second off, the noodles are just OK -- and priced at $13 ( with delivery comes to $17) it's not something I'd get again. It's not terribly authentic -- they use American broccoli and eggplant in the dish.. and as some of you may know it's traditionally made with Chinese broccoli but of course, never with eggplant that is kind of an odd addition. It's also listed as " crispy tofu" and let me tell you that was not crispy tofu.. it was soggy.. 
The food was pretty okay, but nothing that blew my socks off to make the money worth it. I hate to say it, but it tastes like your average corner store $5-6 Americanized stir fry  which I'm not a fan of. 

Was looking forward to  this place, but unfortunately will not be a repeat customer.
A gf raved about Trio to me and I was up to try it. I do like thai food in general.
Looking at the website the menu didn't have a ton of options that peaked my interest.
I ended up ordering the beggars pouches and the sweet corn fritters.

The beggars pouches didn't agree well with me after i started eating the 2nd one. Maybe it was the sauce it came with. 
I preferred the corn fritters but I couldn't tolerate that too much either- I did prefer the sauce of this though.
I think it was probably more because they were fried.

Staying away from the usual, i avoided the pad thai. Not interested in the salmon or anything with chicken. The seafood hot pot looked interested but I was trying to stay within budget.

I ended up getting the crispy tofu ginger dish. It wasn't that bad actually. I enjoyed the tofu a lot. Which it had more sauce though. I ate with the white rice it came with.  The dish was not WOW'ing in any way.

I can't say I'd go back to this place. It's not a bad place, just not noteworthy. If I lived close by i may try another item on the menu.
Trio is a great restaurant.  The portions are huge, prices right, and service is excellent!  Did I mention it's a byo?  Excellent!
If I were just rating their lemongrass meatballs, this would be a 10 out of 5 stars.

Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs 

They're delicioussssssssssss!!!

Sorry to say, but the pad thai and drunken noodles leave MUCH to be desired.  Thai food is amazing because it is full of robust and rich flavors.  These dishes.... did not have that.  The lemongrass meatballs, however, are consistently good.  The prices are also very high for the quality...  :(  I'm really sad to say all of this, but this restaurant used to dish out food that was MUCH tastier back in 2010 than now.  

The rooftop deck of Trio overlooking the Fairmount area is a beautiful and quaint place to have a romantic dinner... just don't get the noodle dishes.  Stick with the curries, they are much better at that than anything else.  And again... LEMONGRASS MEATBALLS!
Trio may be Philadelphia's best kept secret.  In fact, I'm hesitating to write anything more about the amazing experience my boyfriend and I had over this past weekend.

BACKGROUND:  As if Trio's food wasn't stand-alone awesome enough, they had donated a gift certificate to a raffle last year for "The Dude Hates Cancer" for the Leukemia Society's grand prize.  Lucky me, I had won the raffle and was able to enjoy brunch here before we went off to the Art Museum.

BRUNCH:  My boyfriend and I really weren't expecting much to be honest.  I mean, how could a place that specializes in Thai food be that good in making brunch food?  Umm...boy I was wrong.

My boyfriend had gotten a side of thick-cut bacon coated with some kind of delicious a honey glaze.  A "religious experience," he proclaimed.  It all could have stopped there, but it didn't.  This glorious bacon accompanied a Crab Cake, Quail Egg on Prosciutto dish.  The crab cake was done beautifully.  Not overburdened by breadcrumbs.  You could really taste the beauty of the crab meat.  The side of "house fries" this dish came with were legit potatoes that were kind of like potato chips.  These potatoes were neither French Fries nor Potato Chips.  Totally a "discuss amongst yourselves" moment.

This life-changing experience didn't just stop there.  It continued on with the most mouth-watering blueberry and ricotta pancakes that have ever touched my lips. I hate using the word moist *shivers*, but there really is no other way to describe this gooey delicious party going on in my mouth.

SERVICE:  Our waiter was wonderful and spent some time talking to me and my boyfriend about the area (as we're both from out-of-town).  He gave us advice on where to get a bottle of wine on a Sunday.  And, our way out the Chef even popped out to greet us (totally unexpected) and wished us a great trip to the Art Museum (wait how did he know?).

Trio, I heart you.  My boyfriend and I went to numerous "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and Iron Chef restaurants on this trip, and dammit, you stand up as the clear winner.

I love you forever, Colleen.
I've been to Trio on a few occasions and I have enjoyed it every time. It's a phenomenal Thai BYOB with delicious specials and a very reasonable bill at the end of the night.

If you do go, try a special as a main course or an appetizer, you won't be disappointed.

It also has lovely second floor outdoor seating in the summer.

peace out.
I was craving for a decent asian meal and after checking out menu's for a dozen of restaurants, I picked Trio.  The menu looked well rounded and yummy so I made reservations.  Once we showed up we were promptly taken to our table located on the 2nd floor.   It's a nice and cozy restaurant with dim lighting for a touch of romance but the utensils were a little "overused".

Server came over poured our ice water and told us the specials mind you he didn't even introduce himself from the get go so I had no idea what his name was.  At the time there were about 3 tables including ours.  We looked over the menu and decided to share the appetizer special: stuffed calamari with shrimp and pork
Entrees were Pork chop with peach sauce and Seafood hot clay pot

Then the horrific service began.  We didn't wait long for the appetizer to be served.  It was a little on the bland side but was cooked well.  After the appetizer we waited for a good 20 minutes for our entrees.  Pork chop was suppose to be cooked to order but it was completely overdone and tough.  The Seafood clay pot surprisingly was very tasty and the seafood was cooked perfectly.  After our server cleared our plates I would assume he would ask if we were interested in dessert or if we wanted to see the dessert menu but nope.  He took our plates and left.  20 minutes later we are sitting twiddling our thumbs and at this point VERY ANNOYED he still didn't come to our table to offer us either dessert or the check.  We finally waved him down and asked for our check until then he asked if he can interest us in dessert.  

Overall: Restaurant is nice and cozy and food was tasty but because of their service I will not be back again.  For a restaurant to state this on their website : "Trio offers Pan-Asian cuisine with a heavy Thai influence, along with the warm service and hospitality that you would expect from a cozy neighborhood BYOB.".  I did not receive what the restaurant was striving for to give their customers.
Delivery was super fast - like, less than 30 minutes. That's unheard of and awesome. Pleasant dude who dropped it off.  
Best tom kha soup in Philadelphia, and the pad thai was pretty great too - not my absolute fave in all of Philly, but still really great.  This might be my new favorite Thai delivery!
So having lived in Northern CA almost entire life, and having spent a decent amount of time in Thailand, I was pretty sure that the most authentic, best tasting Thai food in the US would be found in or near San Francisco...WRONG.  I found it in Philly!

Myself and two of my girlfriends popped into Trio on a Saturday evening for dinner.  Although we didn't have a reservation and they were busy, they squeezed us right in.  Love the décor - low lighting, split level, and very clean and classy.  The food blew my mind - I had pad thai.  How good can pad thai be, you might be asking yourself?  Answer:  amazing.  We also ordered some kind of basil chicken dish which was super tasty.  But the real winner was the dessert - American dessert, nonetheless, but still amazing.  I have never had such wonderful bread pudding.  In fact, up until this dinner, I was kind of wishy washy on whether or not I even LIKED bread pudding.  After Trio's bread pudding, there was no question in my mind!  

Another plus - it's BYO.  Gotta love that!  Great service, and dinner was also pretty reasonable price-wise.  So if you find yourself in the Art Museum area, do yourself a favor and stop into Trio for some authentic Thai food.  Don't forget to save room for dessert - you will not be disappointed.
I got delivery from here tonight, placing the order at about 8:15. We live close, so I thought it would be a good idea because I was craving Thai food. We waited and waited for the food to come, and started to get worried about an hour and a half later. After looking into it, we were told that our delivery driver had gotten in a car accident and our food had to be re-made and sent with someone else! Though we got the food about 2 hours after ordering (with no explanation until we pried), there was nothing comped or additional. I feel bad that someone got in an accident bringing my dinner though, so I feel very conflicted about the whole situation, but still feel like that was much too long to wait to get a couple dishes down the street. Anyways, on to the food: 

I love pad Thai, and while this was better than the last time I got Thai delivery (which was terrible...), it was just okay. I know it's delivery, which I don't do often at all, but it tasted like delivery. Of my roommates, my boyfriend got some Pad Woonsen glass noodles with veggies and they were awesome - I really wish I had ordered them instead. We also got veggie spring rolls, but an order of two is $6, which seems silly. I was expecting numerous rolls for that price. The Thai basil with tofu was also very "3 stars". I guess this might just be one of those restaurants that you have to dine in. I have yet to have a good delivery experience in Philadelphia, which is pretty sad.
Got delivery from here on a gloomy, rainy Sunday and it was totally worth it.  

The drunken noodle is AMAZING and the seafood steamed dumplings were great.  Delivery was fast too!!! Definitely ordering from them again!
I have to say- Trio is literally a completely different restaurant when dining in as opposed to getting delivery. My party of 4 walked over last night and picked up beer on our way (yay for BYO!). There was a man standing outside the "to-go entrance" and we all thought he was just some guy waiting for his food... until he turned out to be the host and led us to our table. Maybe he was just standing outside because it was a nice night? We were seated upstairs at a private little table, which was really great. Our server was Victoria and she was extremely warm and very helpful- I would give the service 5 stars. 

After reading reviews, we got the beggars pouches appetizer. The main flaw with this meal was that it took over 30 minutes for these to come out. Our server apologized and said there had been a large party downstairs that had their order in right before us. We weren't too upset because there were a couple drunk girls in the restaurant that were hilarious. It was seriously like dinner and a show listening to their commentary, and they ended up giving us their half-full bottle of wine when they left. Score! I just hope they didn't drive home... 

After the appetizer, it took still a little longer for the entrees to come out. My boyfriend and I split the pad woonsen glass noodles with tofu and the fried rice with lemongrass meatballs. I was too worried to try the pad thai again after how lackluster it was the last time. The glass noodles had tons more fresh veggies than before and the flavors were really good in both dishes. It is a tad pricy still, and I will probably never order delivery from here again. But, for a dine-in neighborhood BYOB, I give it my seal of approval!
We made reservations and sat upstairs for the rooftop view. It was beautiful at the top and it is BYOB! We brought two bottles of wine for the four of us. We started with the Shrimp & Corn Fritters and Pancetta Shrimp Rolls with dipping sauce - both were very good. I ordered the Thai Green Curry for my entree and it was very tasty. I also tried the Drunken Noodles and that dish is great as well.
Good (not great) food, BYO, cozy outdoor dining area, great place to take a first date.  Trio is not by any means the best Thai restaurant in Philly... or the best Thai food I have ever had.  However, it's not as bad as some of the reviewers before me have said.  I've been here a handful of times, and it's been an overall nice experience.  Most recently, I brought my date there on a friday night.  It wasn't busy yet, so our service was near perfect.  The waitress was knowledgable and very friendly.  We split the house salad, a spring mix with asian pears and candied walnuts - nothing to get excited about.  Then we split the sweet corn fritters, which were pretty tasty.  I had the crab cakes and my date had the drunken noodles - both good size portions, and damn good too.  Overall we had a positive experience and left satisfied.
I ate here for the first time yesterday, having no idea what to expect, and was blown away by Trio's brunch selection. 

I ordered the huevos rancheros. The dish was different than any other place I've had it. The tortillas were in strips, resembling chinese wontons. They were awesome, and stayed crunchy throughout the meal. The huevos were cheesy and spicy, and delicious. To round out the meal, I ordered a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .....mmmmmmm. 

I will definitely be coming back to Trio to try the rest of the dishes!
Solid Thai staples in a restaurant that it off the beaten path a bit. We had the drunken noodles and thai basil chicken, and the thai samosas and all were excellent. The waiter was very friendly and quick.
Overcharged my credit card. Management has refused to talk to me after multiple calls.  We used to get take-out from Trio every week.  This meal was greasy and tasted horrible as well.
Been there three times and always eat upstairs on the deck which for me is the compelling reason to go.  Food is perfectly fine but there is no dish that I would single out as being the reason to go such as the artichoke at L'Angolo or the ricotta pancakes at Cafe Lift.  Service is OK. If not outstanding nothing to ruin your meal. I know that this place has its rabid fans and I'm glad , but that kind of euphoria about its food and service I don't get.
I used to looooovvee this place when it was on Brown St. The atmosphere was quiet and romantic, and the food was pretty good.  And who doesn't love BYO.  

But I went back in September of this year at their new location on Pennsylvania Ave and I was deeply disappointed. 

1. My chicken pad Thai tasted like it came from a middle school cafeteria.  It was incredibly bland, no sauce, no spice, nothing.  My friends ordered drunken noodles and were both deeply disappointed.

2.  There were tiny black ants crawling on our table 

3.  The location is underneath a condo building and it doesn't have its own restroom & you have to walk through the condo building's lobby to get to one.  It also feels more like a takeout space than a cozy, intimate restaurant.
Very disappointing. The service was quick and attentive but lacked friendliness. Our somosas (app) were cold and we only took a bite of 2 and the waitress didn't even ask if we liked them (obviously did not). I got drunken noodles and they were pretty good, nothing to write home about though. Friend had the pineapple fried rice and she liked it. Entrees were ok and it was a fair price but I will not be back
I'm kind of bummed because it's in my neighborhood and I like to support local businesses but this was just awful.  Maybe because I had it delivered but I don't think so because it did arrive quickly and hot, which is why I didn't rate it one star.  I could smell the unpleasant grease on the spring roll before it reached my lips.  The steamed dumplings were rubbery and flavorless.  But the worst was the red curry, which contained salmon so hammered it was inedible.  Again, I am sad to write this, but $43 for bad takeout Thai made me angry.
Very good Asian food. Glass noddles are very good. A+. Maybe cause I live in the condo, but still, very enjoyable. BYOB
Great quiet Thai place. It's a little unorthodox, being upstairs, requiring all the people and waiters to walk up and down that tiny staircase, but the food is delicious and the staff is attentive. Great place for a date.
I've walked by this place a couple times and so I decided to give it a try as I wanted Thai food but did not want to leave for it.  I ordered a dish that was a coconut sauce with salmon.  The dish itself was not bad.  However, I felt a little ripped off as there was a lot more vegetables than salmon.  This reminded me of experiences on some Chinese take out spots where the dish was only some duck and a lot of filler to make the dish larger.  The price was ok but the smaller portion of salmon made it feel pricey for what I got.  It definitely tasted great but this aspect left me with feeling unfulfilled.

This is a restaurant located at the bottom retail space of a large apartment complex.  It does not have its own bathroom and so you will need to a solid walk down the long lobby to the opposite end to use a grimey bathroom.  Just something to note about convenience, this is not so convenient (or clean for the men's room)
Wife and I had a glorious meal tonight. A Seaford Corn Chowder for me and Stir fry vegetables with shrimp for my darling. The Chowder was AWESOME! as was the stir fry. We had a homemade strawberry tart with farm grown fresh strawberries and homemade banana ice cream. Unbelievably Great.
I've been here many times with company and alone. Sometimes, I have a craving for Thai food and this is the closest spot to walk to. It's not terrible food but surely it could use an upgrade. First time here, I was shock to see a white guy cooking Thai food. I tried to not judgmental but couldn't help to wonder. Some of dishes I had were a bit salty for me and they don't give enough rice. I had to ask for more. The Thai tea, I had better. The sticky rice mango dish was far from good. However, the restaurant tried to be authentic and I see it from the menu choices. One of the things I had there that I thought was really good was the stir fry string beans, which was a side dish. It would be nice to have this as a main dish but then it's leaning more towards Chinese food.
Best drunken noodles in the city!  Pure and simple, nobody comes close to this place.  Some of the other menu items are just good but those drunken noodles are life changing.
Trio's a cute BYOB on a quiet corner not far from the Art Museum.  They have seating both downstairs and upstairs.  The clientele the evening we stopped by included couples out for a romantic dinner and families with young children.  The decor is on the upscale side of casual.  Or maybe the casual side of upscale.  

The service that evening was kinda bumbling, though on the plus side, it provided for much entertainment.  Other servers seemed to know a bit more about what they were supposed to do, so maybe you'll get one of them.

The drunken noodles with chicken dish was pretty tasty.  Not worth a trek for, but certainly satisfies a craving for some spicy wide noodles with Asian spices.  The tom-ka-gai-like soup one friend got seemed rather thin (or at least thinner than I've seen it elsewhere).  The others got different versions of the drunken noodles and their enjoyment varied.

The dinner options were somewhat pricier than other Center City Thai restaurants, though not prohibitively so.
