I ordered takeout from here twice to eat with my family during my visit in Philly since they really like their sashimi. My first experience was great followed by another superb experience this past weekend for my mom's birthday. The staff actually remembers me from the first time probably from my odd tempura order that my mom requested. The shrimp tempura, sashimi deluxe, which consists of 18 pcs and squid sashimi are my family's favorite. 

They are extremely accommodating, quick, friendly and not to mention, the prices are reasonable and their sushi/ sashimi are surprisingly very fresh! I love their sweet potato tempura, spicy tuna roll, salmon and white tuna sashimi. Everything we've tried was good so far; this place has officially became our forever go-to Japanese restaurant. And I also really appreciate their curbside pickup service. Highly recommend giving Tsuki Sushi a try.
When I wanted to get sushi delivered and heard this place had 3 rolls for $11, I was really skeptical, but I thought I'd give it a try anyway to avoid spending a ton of money on my usual Makiman.  This place was shockingly really good.  The sushi tastes fresh and is delicious.  The sushi pizza appetizer is also one of my favorites- it's a crunchy Mexican tortilla topped with spicy tuna with a spicy eel sauce on top.  Also, the food came extremely quickly- in about 30 minutes through Grub Hub.
Wandering around Philly killing some time and looking for a cheap lunch, I paused by Tsuki Sushi since it had an enormous "GRAND OPENING" banner in its window. I looked for some sort of menu on the outside but they had none. I peered in creepily through the tinted windows and saw that it had a nice-looking sushi bar so decided to check it out.

The inside is dark and not very decorated, save for some cute multi-colored Christmas lighting under the bar. The staff, however, is extremely attentive and the menu seemed in line with my graduate student budget. It's also the kind of place that you don't feel weird going to alone (plus I had my book, "Fruitless Fall: The Collapse of the Honeybee" to keep me company... riveting!!)

I ordered the lunch roll special which is 3 rolls from a list of ~15 and soup/salad for $11. The eel-avocado roll was divine and sweet, the spicy tuna was just the right amount of hot, and the Philadelphia roll did not disappoint (although don't order this if you don't care for cream cheese). Coming from Boston, I was really pleased with the price. Plus they're offering a 10% discount in their grand opening!

While I was dining, a guy working in the restaurant business in the area came to order take-out. While he was waiting for his food, he gave the restaurant staff a few pointers -- take out the tinting in the windows and put in some nice curtains so passerbys on the sidewalk can see the sushi chefs inside, put some more decorations around the place, etc. I agreed with everything he had to say. I think this place would get more business if it projected itself more and has the potential to be a regular spot for residents in the area.
Not bad at all, and prices are pretty comparable to other spots near Center City ~$6 for basic rolls. Overall, the sushi rice was okay and cuts of fish seemed to be solid. We got the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail. It didn't stand out but it also wasn't questionable or not good. Usually when you see a place that has below 4 stars you kind of wonder what might be going on, but I would eat here again.
So far so good.  The prices seem a bit high, but they make an excellent spicy tuna roll.  It was very fresh, and had some real spice to it.  Usually I have to add spicy sauce.  The rolls I've had are always filled with fish.  The inside is pretty big compared to other sushi spots in the neighborhood.  They are offering a 3 roll special at lunch time including soup or salad.  Open on Sundays.  Definitely give it a try.
Got delivery via grubhub. Delivery was on target and the rolls appeared fresh. I had the Alaskan roll and the sweet potato tempura roll. Might've been better if the Alaskan wasn't so warm. But maybe the fc that they were both in the same container is to blame.
It's pretty basic: put fresh fish on a menu, have good tamago that isn't watery, and a nutty roll selection and you're in for a good time. There's a green tea roll or white pearl or something that's stuffed with tempura tuna and topped with another fish and kiwi. Get that. You'll be happy.

But then again, when you order inari and it comes sliced up on top of some sushi rice like a peculiar brown fish, you're probably confused...and you begin to wonder if there isn't something slightly awry with the style of sushi you've ordered.
I've only had the lunch special so far and it's not too bad of a deal for around $11. The sushi ingredients were fresh, and I liked that I was able to choose 3 rolls from a pretty good variety of options. All 3 I chose (spicy salmon, eel avocado, and shrimp tempura) were high-quality and fantastic, not your cheapo California rolls. 

The spicy salmon was a flavorful mix of some spices, mayo sauce, and shredded salmon and maybe was fried on the bottom. The shrimp tempura had the fried tails sticking out on either end of the roll like they serve in the pricier dinner rolls and similarly delicious - same goes for the eel avocado. Dinner/"regular price" roll quality, but 3-in-1 for the reasonable cost of $11 for lunch. The miso soup was pretty standard.
Nothing special here.  The salmon was flavorless and the rolls skimped on fish (it's disappointing when your eel cucumber roll is almost exclusively cucumber).  Though the fish was missing, my husband was surprised to find an unexpected treat in his roll--a long dark hair.  Yuck!
Random Japanese trivia for your day: Tsuki means "moon."  Welcome to Moon Sushi.  

A friend recommended this place for lunch and they really do have an unbeatable special.  For $10.95, you get three rolls plus the soup or the salad.  I ordered a salmon roll, yellowtail roll, and avocado roll.  Everything was awesome.  It's not the fanciest sushi restaurant I've ever been to (decor is lacking), but the sushi was rolled well and the fish was flavorful and fresh.  What more could I ask for?  Definitely will come back here.
Literally the best take out /delivery sushi I've had. Will only order from this place in the future.
*** This review is for delivery ***

It was weekday night and the GF and I weren't in the mood to cook. So we hopped on our local delivery app and decided to order up some sushi. We had not tried Tsuki yet, so figured we'd give them a try. Delivery was 15 minutes earlier than the estimated 45 minutes so that was a +1 from the start! 

Sushi Regular [$15.95]
Salad, sushi or 7 pieces of nigiri, California roll 

We decided to get a regular sushi combo, which came with salad, sushi or nigiri, and a California roll. 

Salad

The salad was fairly standard, but fresh, with crisp cucumbers, Romaine, and shredded carrots. The prototypical ginger dressing was on hand as well. 

Tuna Nigiri

We asked for tuna and salmon nigiri and Tsuki obliged. The rice was perfect - lightly vinegared and slightly warm despite delivery, with fresh fish on top. Nothing wrong here! 

Salmon Nigiri
 
The salmon was creamy and fatty - really hit the spot! 

California Roll

I typically eschew these, but the GF loves the clean flavors of the California roll. Creamy from the abundant avocado and lightly crisp from the cucumber and imitation crab, these were better than most! 

3 Roll Special [$11.95]
 
I love a sushi place that offers 3 roll specials. And at less than $4 a roll, Tsuki has got you covered at a bargain to boot! 

Yellowtail Scallion

The standard yellowtail scallion roll was decent, with plenty of meaty yellowtail, though the scallion did not come through at all. 

Spicy Tuna Roll

The spicy tuna roll was only slightly spicy, but there was plenty of minced tuna within. 

Sweet Potato Roll

We always need to order a sweet potato roll to satiate our sweet tooth (teeth?). Sadly, these weren't our favorite iteration. The sweet potato was still starchy and the texture was disappointing, without any crunch. 

Volcano Roll [$8.95]
Tempura rice, spicy tuna, special sauce

I felt the need to be extra gluttonous so ordered a specialty roll. The volcano roll was a bit soggy for having tempura rice, but when you have a roll drenched in special sauce for delivery, it's almost to be expected. If you're looking for Americanized sushi flavors, this will hit the spot. 

Overall, I'd order from Tsuki again - sticking with nigiri and standard rolls. For obvious reasons though, Tsuki cemented my theory that you can't expect good sushi unless you're dining in.
2.5 stars 

I've walked and drove by this place many times over the years but never tried it--never really had the urge to either. My friend lives around the corner and she said the place has decent sushi, but can only review the cooked stuff. I'm not picky about restaurants, but i am picky about my raw fish so i gave it a try with zero expectations. The place is fairly small but it was crowded on a late'ish Friday night. The crowd seemed to be a mixture of yuppies and college students due to the area--most looked like regulars as well. 

We started with the gyoza which was good and nicely pan seared. I got the chirashi and my friend got the 3 roll special for $12, california, shrimp tempura, futomaki. My meal came with a salad (or miso). The salad was good but we both felt the ginger dressing was on the sweeter side. My chirashi was probably one of the worse i've had in my entire life--i did finish the fish though because i don't like wasting food. The rice was not good at all (didn't eat much). It tasted stale or something from a supermarket that has been sitting in the fridge section for too long...i think they don't use enough water to cook it. Also, it's not seasoned at all (or if it was, then it lacked any flavor). Out of the 5 types of fish, the salmon was the only good one. The rest were either low grade (tuna) or unappealing. 

Surprisingly, i tried all 3 rolls and they were pretty good, hence, i'm giving them 3 stars. If it was just my meal, it would be 2 stars. The tempura was good. The rice, oddly enough, was better with the sushi rolls. The good thing about this place is that they use a lot of (fresh) avocado which makes the 3 roll special a great deal. 

Service was spotty. We didn't get new plates or new soy sauce dishes after salad/gyoza. Our water was filled only once or twice and left empty for the remaining of our dinner. 

I can only suggest getting the cooked sushi 3 roll special here. I'd skip the sashimi/nigiri.
Ordered delivery 3 roll special of Spicy Tuna, spicy salmon, and spicy yellowtail. They all tasted absolutely the same... Not even convinced they were different rolls.
Also, got charged an extra $3 for delivery on top of the regular delivery charge because I live more than 2 miles away without notice.. Thanks for that guys... Overall mediocre at best..
Stopped here after my regular sushi place was closed and I have to admit, Tsuki may easily replace my old spot.

Even though the inside isn't dashingly exciting, the food and service were really, really good. We ordered a seaweed salad, house green salad (which was HUGE), seafood dumplings, and the 3 roll combo for $11+change. The sushi plating was darling and it was super fresh (the salmon especially). I had the eel avocado, spicy white tuna, and Alaska roll and was extremely pleased. It was so delicious that I didn't just shovel it down my pie-hole like I usually do, but instead sat and savored it. Our server had no problem giving us extra ginger and dressing (he was very accommodating) and was on top of refilling our waters. 
And it's cheap for center-city sushi. Score. 

I 100% plan on coming back for sushi Sundays.
A small, unassuming sushi spot. The 3 roll lunch special with soup or salad for 10.95 is the way to go! I have never actually sat down to eat here, but this is one of my go-to places to grab a quick but delicious meal to-go. The amount of food you get with the 3 roll special is definitely worth the price. I got the sashimi special once, and was slightly disappointed as the fish wasn't as fresh as I was hoping for. However, that hasn't keep me from coming back for the 3 roll specials!
I have been here twice.  Both times I have had to wait an excessive amount of time to receive any food- especially because in both instances the place has been almost completely empty.  Overall, the restaurant in nothing unique.  Mediocre sushi, standard prices, terrible service.  I really wish it were better as it is literally next door.  I definitely would recommend anyone going to Vic's on Sansom instead-much more attentive and much better value.
This is my go to sushi place when ever I order. The sushi taste so fresh, and 11.95 for three rolls is a great price. I usually order two shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna, accompanied by an order of shumai. I decided to treat myself the other day and ordered a Godzilla roll. That roll is epic! It pricer then most sushi rolls I order, but it was worth it. As a sit down place it's small and cozy.
I am a regular at this place, and have never been disappointed with the awesome range of Sushis, and my favorite, the Avocado salad.
I've been to/ordered from Tsuku Sushi many times since they opened a few years ago. Last night I ordered via grub hub for a total of 4 people and was very happy with how our order was handled: Our food arrived 30 minutes earlier than expected and we found an extra seaweed salad marked "on the house!" Thanks for the delicious meal!
I love this place in particular their spicy yellow tail and spicy tuna oh and the Tina tartar - they have a 3 roll special for 10.99 which is unbeatable! If I could I would rate this 6 stars - fast cheap and delicious!
Great lunch deal - $10.95 for 3 rolls and soup! Good sushi, fresh sashimi, friendly and attentive staff. I'll be coming back here.
3 roll special for 12.95.. can't beat it. Other places offer this as a lunch special only. And the Hikaru salmon/crab appetizer is the best appetizer anywhere in Philadelphia. TRY IT
Three rolls and a salad or soup lunch special for $11. Can't beat that.
I really only do veggie sushi, so I can't speak for the fish bits, but my sushi is usually really well rolled, and the wasabi and ginger are real and generously portioned. The salad is the little iceberg and sesame ginger thing that you get with Thai food. The Miso soup is just okay, I've definitely had better.
Their delivery is a bit hit or miss. Sometimes it's there on time, sometimes it's half an hour past the window. Definitely don't recommend ordering if you have a short period of time to handle lunch.
I usually go to Vic Sushi bar on Sansom, but they were closed on Sunday so I ended up here. I was delightfully surprised by how fresh the fish was. I got their 3 roll special...similar to 3 roll special at Vic. Overall, I enjoyed the sushi here and will definitely come back.
Tsuki Sushi operates both as a restaurant but probably is best known as a delivery service (you can order through multiple outlets such as GrubHub, Yelp, etc.). As you can probably see, reviews vary from both the delivery and dine-in standpoint. I will weigh in on both below.

Delivery (Ordered through GrubHub):
I am very impressed with the GrubHub delivery option that Tsuki Sushi has to offer. The pricing as well and the quality of the food is very competitive with other sushi joints across the neighborhood. I challenge you to find a 3 roll special for the price that Tsuki offers that ALSO has a good fish:rice ratio. Delivery is relatively prompt. I have ordered Tuski over 20 times and they have arrived before the estimated GrubHub time by up to half an hour for a great majority of orders. They have only been late once. (Note: I live in the graduate hospital area.) The sushi arrives fresh and is tasty. As other reviewers note, not all of the deliverymen speak English well, but enough to communicate directions and receive your order without any issues. 

Dine In:
My 2 dine-in experiences with Tsuki were also quite good. I went on weekend evenings both days and there were probably 1-2 other tables occupied when I arrived. Note that the restaurant is small, totaling probably fewer than 10 tables overall. The staff is polite and the sushi just as fresh and tasty as the delivery option. The only thing I will say is that do not be surprised that your sushi takes longer than you would expect for an "empty" restaurant. It is likely that your dine-in order is queued with all of the take out orders.

Overall, Tsuki Sushi offers quality sushi in the low-mid price range. If you are looking for exceptional cuts of fish or are a sushi connoisseur, you will probably be disappointed. However, if you're the average person looking to satisfy a sushi fix, I highly suggest you try this restaurant.
Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, eel avocado for $12. 5/5 for price to quality. Always clean and staff are friendly.
Not very excited about this place, so I'll make it quick and short.

1. I don't like the location and how this store looks like from outside.
 (it's nothing important, but I wouldn't even have tried here only if my place wasn't just a block away)

2. Their Salmon and Tuna do not have any flavors AT ALL. 
 (I've tried a number of sushi, and Yellowtail was the only piece that I enjoyed. Mackerel was also OK, but it was too little.)

Well, I usually don't eat rolls, so can't say anything about those, but the quality of sushi I had was way too low compared to the price.

Bottom line: Go to Vic Sushi (21st and sansom) and hope there are not too many people in the line. They serve much better sushi at the same price range.
I'm sad to see negative reviews - the service can be a little awkward and slow at times, but Tsuki remains my go-to sushi spot. 

I stick to the three-roll special, which easily competes with another nearby sushi joint offering the same deal. The difference, though, is that it's not as difficult to snag a seat at Tsuki and there are far more roll options. I always stick to crabmeat, spicy tuna, and spicy crabmeat (I really like crabmeat, okay?). The Asashi roll is also a good choice. The rolls are simple, so that might be why I've never had any issues. 

The gyoza are pretty good, albeit they're probably not made fresh in-house. Still, I think they're pan-fried to near perfection. 

Tsuki is BYO and offers a discount if you pay with cash.
I love this place and I find myself ordering sushi here at least once a week. The sushi is moderately price, I typically order the 3 roll special. I find the sushi to be plenty flavorful and if you dine in, they get very creative with the plating. I've dined in a few times for dinner, not typically a crowded place so it's easy to have a conversation as you eat.

My favorite rolls are the spicy shrimp, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellow tail and eel avocado. I definitely would recommend this place!
Unimpressed. Not terrible, but nothing remotely outstanding. Rolls were very small, which makes them expensive. Vic's sushi a couple blocks away is FAR better in quality and you get a lot more for your money.
The place is unassuming from the outside and the decor is pretty bland. However, their sushi is great and inexpensive! The fish is top quality and melts in your mouth.

I always do take-out and the service has been consistently nice and fast! Definitely worth checking out if you are in the neighborhood.
This is my go-to delivery sushi place.  The ordering is very easy and they usually arrive within 45 min (at the most).  I always get the 3-roll special.  The price can't be beat, the rice has pretty good taste/texture and I really like any of their rolls with salmon - good, fresh flavor and texture.  I also like their spider roll, tuna roll and spicy tuna roll.  The yellowtail here is not bad (not the greatest either and the pieces tend to be thin) and I've tried the tamago and dumplings here - they are not recommended.  If you stick to rolls you'll be very happy!  However, I wouldn't stray past that.
Came here last night on the later side when the BF and I couldn't decide on a place to go for dinner.  This sushi bar (strictly a sushi bar) is a couple blocks from my place, and we wanted to try it out.  It does, however, have many of the hallmarks of a "new" restaurant, meaning that the entire time we ate there, it was eerily quiet and we were served by one of the most awkward waitresses ever.  Did I mention the service was terrible?

I ordered the Sushi Deluxe while he ordered the Chirashi.  The salads that came with our dinners were ice cold (I touched the bowl and almost got frostbite).  As I saw our food being prepared at the sushi bar, one of the other servers came over and asked if I wanted a side of rice with my sashimi.  I corrected her and told her I ordered sushi, and she ran back and told the chefs behind the bar to remake the whole order.  I saved her the trouble and said "It's fine, you already made it, I'll eat it".  So I ended up with a bowl of sashimi and a side of sushi rice.  The bowl, which appeared full, was made up mostly with garnishes and inedible ingredients (twigs, green leaves, LED lights), with several kinds of fish on top (which were pretty standard, nothing amazing compared to the average sushi joint).  The sushi rice, however, was near perfect: slightly sweet, sticky, and filling.

I was appalled, however, when they had the nerve to charge me for the full price of the sashimi (an $8 difference versus what I ordered originally), and rather than hassle the management, quietly paid for my order and stiffed the service in the tip (I really felt that they should have at least charged me for the other dish considering they apologized to no end for serving me the wrong food).  Considering there are other sushi bars and japanese restaurants in our neighborhood and in Philadelphia, it's safe to say I won't be paying these guys a visit in the near future.
I was interested to check out the new place down the street, but when I tried their three-roll combo, that was the end of that.  The rolls were smaller than most I've had lately and they had very little flavor -- three different rolls and they were all pretty bland and all tasted roughly the same.  Disappointing.
Favorite sushi spot in Rittenhouse. Really cheap lunch special! Great location and quick service. Definitely my go to sushi place.
Honestly, not the best sushi around.  Pretty terrible service - waited 45min for sushi.  Rolls are well priced, but pretty small.  They also forgot our miso soup.
Spicy tuna roll was fine, but it doesn't come with spicy sauce (at least on GrubHub)--you have to order the spicy sauce extra, which is weird. My chirashi was okay--tasted watery and mealy like it had been frozen. Two of the pieces were egg, and two were fake crab, and the sushi is not on a bed of rice--the small amount of rice is on the side, so that all felt like a ripoff for $20.
This is my go-to spot for ordering sushi! I have tried many places but none as quick and accurate as this one! I highly recommend this place. I always get my food within30-40 minutes after ordering and the food is always consistent. I have never had a bad experience and their prices are amazing and totally worth it! Go get your sushi!
I loved Tsuki Sushi when I went there for a weekday lunch.  For $10.95 we all got the lunch specials, which included either a miso soup or salad, and 3 rolls of your choosing.  I was expecting the roll choices to be minimal, but they had all of my favorites and then some.  When the rolls came, they were not super tiny like I was expecting.  They were decently sized, filling, and I even took some home to eat for dinner.  

The only issue I had was that although it was just us three in the restaurant, the service was lacking.  We did not get water refills and we had to call over the waitress to get a check, even after finishing our meals and stacking our plates up.  As for the food, I give that 5 stars.
This place is across the street from my office. My boyfriend and I decided to come here for lunch; however, being that I had much to do I pre-ordered our entrees about fifteen minutes prior to our arrival. 

When we got there, the food wasn't even out. But, I would have been okay if it was almost ready, but it took an additional 15-20 minutes for our food to come out. What's the point in pre-ordering if your not going to have it ready? 

Miso soup - bland and disgusting. 

Temperature inside the restaurant was freezing. 

The two servers that were working paid us no mind, not to mention they were just standing and talking to each other the whole time. 

Also, on an added note, my boyfriend and I were the only customers here... 

The sushi was bland and not fresh. Definitely will not be coming back here again.
I used yelp to initiate a delivery order for my Make-A-Wish child's family during their stay at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. 

Not only was the delivery man incredibly rude, he repeatedly shouted at me. The woman at the restaurant was no less helpful. This was a terrible ordering experience. I would encourage Yelp24 to cut ties with this restaurant and hope others refrain from doing business with them.
There are known knowns. These are things we know that we know. There are known unknowns. That is to say, there are things that we know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we don't know we don't know.
-Donald Rumsfeld

Now listen here, Sushi is overpriced, this is a known known. Had my first take out order here and I of course tried there Sushi, along with the only soup they offer Miso Soup, and an order of there Seafood Gyoza.

The Sushi I was hesistant to eat. Something just looked off about it. Look at the close up of the Salmon...this just doesn't look right to me. But I want to acknowledge I could be wrong I guess I will know in a few hours as I ate half the order of the Sashimi which was priced at $10.95 for eight pieces.

The Miso soup was pretty average to below average and knowing this place only makes one soup I would not expect much from there sole option of Miso.

The Seafood Gyoza wasn't bad. That being said I was debating hard between getting the Seafood Gyoza or Shrimp Shumai which is my go to and when I asked the cashier which she thought was better she could not give me an answer and just told me to get both....ahh cmon people are the days where people that work at the actual restaurant and giving you recommendations on the food they serve over when you ask smh...

I would come back for a cheap date night as this is BYOB but not running back.
This place is 'okay'. The fish was fresh, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.  The mango was not ripe and was pale yellow in color, the eel was very fatty to the point that it really should not have been used, but everything else was good.  They also seem to be obsessed with "crunchy" everything.  Personally I'm not a fan of crunchy or deep fried sushi and I do believe that they would omit it upon request.  There is definitely another nearby that I prefer so will return there over here. Only upside is this place is larger than the closet-sized one around the corner. As previously mentioned, it's worth a try! BYO
For lunch, it was great! Friendly service and available staff.

Sashimi lunch hit the spot. Perfect amount of good and no coma to follow (I say this as someone who is particularly sensitive to sleepiness after lunch, which is actually why I usually skip the meal altogether). On an iced cold day, the hot tea was enough! But the fish was great and affordable. I'll be back.
A blustery weekend, perfect for some cold sushi in the park. My friend and I split a 3-roll lunch special (~$12) of spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, and eel avocado rolls, and ate it on an musty bench in Rittenhouse. Tsuki Sushi currently operates from a takeout window a block or two from the park. Great proximity if I may say so myself.

The lunch special comes with a side of soup or salad (we opted for the latter). The rolls were alright. The rice was decently cooked and the fish was okay too. Of the three, I think I liked the eel avocado the most. For the price, 24 little sushis and a side was sufficient for two people. Not exactly first date sushi, but def a good lunch deal if you're in the vicinity!
Tsuki Sushi hovers a nice middle ground between super-cheap sushi places(Vic) and the more expensive joints(Bluefin) around Philadelphia. You can have a good sushi meal here that won't break your bank.

Their tamago is above average, which is impressive at the price point.
The tuna and red snapper sushi is pretty darn good.

Also, there's some roll with kiwi on top of it. I can't seem to find it on the online menu, but ask about it.
Low-key, no-frills sushi spot that has a wide selection of affordable rolls.

My partner and I came in on a Friday night before an event we were heading to. The space is pretty tiny, but has a few tables.

I wish I was hungrier, because I would have loved to check out the 3 roll special - a really good deal.

I ended up ordering a seaweed salad (which was so-so) and a tuna-avocado roll, which was decent.

The service was okay. Not the friendliest in the world, but satisfactory.

I'm not sure I would come to Tsuki again for dine-in, but maybe take-out if I'm in the area!
My favorite sushi restaurant in Philly! For $12 you get 3 rolls each with 8 pieces I believe. Basically, you're completely stuffed for the price and they also don't charge extra for spicy mayo which is always a plus! 

The restaurant itself is very basic, no ambiance, etc. But the quality of the sushi is what I go for. Delivery is really easy too and they come quickly. I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic date night, but great for just grabbing food with some close friends.
I've been to Tsuki three more times since my first review, twice for the Sushi entree  and once for the Sashimi entree. Every time it was a very good experience with super fresh fish and nice miso soup or ginger dressing salad. I would love to see more variety in the fish, but like I said before it's good basic sushi.
