Finally got a chance to check this place out for an early dinner on a weeknight and I loved it! I was really craving sushi so when my girlfriend recommended this place I was totally into it. I definitely did not expect to have a new favorite sushi spot!

When I say early dinner, I'm talking 5pm which means we made it just in time for happy hour. Their happy hour deals include wines, one of their signature cocktails (I believe it was a whiskey cocktail on the day that we went) and a select few bites. Although we passed on their drink specials, we did order their $6 dumplings and a spicy salmon roll. As for drinks, we both ordered off of the cocktail list. She got the Shiso Picate which comes with mezcal and jalapeño and I got the Winston's Heat with gin, wasabi and cucumber. We both loved our drinks - so much so that we were happy to get a second round!

Aside from the happy hour food that we got, we also ordered the fried Brussels sprouts, Tuna Tartare, and the Fishtown roll. The Brussels sprouts came in a fairly large bowl and were fantastic. I'm a huge fan of Brussels sprouts and and these were some of the best I've had in Philly - and trust me I've had my fair share! The tuna was a choice my friend made and it was also very good. Lastly the roll we got was so delicious and very filling! It was loaded with shrimp tempura and fish. 

The restaurant is very pretty, clean and spacious. Staff was attentive and checked up on us frequently. 

I can't wait to drop in to Tuna Bar again soon when the next sushi craving hits!
Loved Tuna Bar! Upon entering I was so impressed with the modern, trendy space and impeccable attention to detail every where I turned. So many decor pieces and architectural aspects I love here! They had me at wrap around banquet seating in a pop of turquoise. I had a feeling I was in for a good meal from the interior design alone. I was...

First visit was for a casual, lighter lunch with my daughters and an old girlfriend which it was just perfect for! We did make ressies on Open Table which wasn't necessary for a mid week lunch, but I would suggested for dinner. 

While we stuck to some basics, they were pretty great! California, California with real crab made crispy, cucumber roll, peanut avocado (the kids' favorite!), seaweed salad, edamame, and incredible Brussels! Must order! Everything was super fresh and came out in a timely fashion. 

Service was fantastic! 
Prices were fair. 

I can't wait for my next visit perhaps for date night when I can taste some of those delicious sounding cocktails and dig into some entrees. 

I love having Tuna Bar as a new option in the Old City area just a bit away from the hustle and bustle, whether that be for lunch, happy hour (which sounded really great!), or dinner...with the kiddos, or without. It will be be on my radar for the next First Friday or after a movie at The Ritz!

I actually found it a tad difficult to spot from the street. It's the door just to the left of United Blue. Not a huge sign. It's there, trust me :) 

*Limited kiosk meter parking.
I went to Tuna Bar last Thursday and enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is still fairly new, so there were a couple of kinks, but nothing that should keep anyone from booking a reservation and trying it out. 

Do book a reservation. We were glad to have one as the restaurant filled up completely within a half hour of our arrival. Servers seemed to be a little stressed and we had to flag our server down a couple times when we needed something after our initial order.

I typically stick with wine or vodka martinis when I have sushi, but after tasting my friend's cocktail I ordered the same. It was a mezcal drink with lime and jalapeño syrup that was absolutely delicious. My friend later ordered a gin martini with wasabi - the taste was really fresh and interesting but the wasabi wasn't mixed in well and she encountered a few larger nuggets which made the drink a little weird. 

We ordered several plates and highlights for me were the lobster fried rice, crispy rock shrimp, fishtown roll and one of the specials of the day, some fresh yellowtail, which was absolutely incredible. 

If there is dessert on the menu, we wouldn't know, because our check was dropped without us even asking for it. Not exactly the warm vibe I'm expecting when spending upwards of $100/person. Hopefully, the restaurant is simply going through the stress of opening. I'm looking forward to another visit after they have had a bit more time to get things running smoothly.
Tuna Bar is an awesome new addition to the Old City neighborhood! 

The decor at this place rocks - the space is bright and airy and inviting. It's brand new, so it's clean and beautiful. 

The service rocks- all of the servers were super friendly, and the bartender was great. We had a tasty gin cocktail with orange. 

The food was all pretty good. The seaweed salad was decent, can't say it was particularly standout. The sushi was all tasty- fresh and presented beautifully. The crispy fried shrimp bites with tuna and caviar on top were my favorite dish - YUM. Also reallllly enjoyed the tuna tartar. 

This place is awesome- definitely worth a stop in when you're in the area!
I had had dinner at Tuna Bar less than one week after their opening and was extremely impressed! Upon arrival I was glad I had made an Open Table reservation as every table was reserved and the last bar seats had just been swiped. At first glance, you notice the stunning and modern decor. This place is gorgeous! From the wood bar to the cool fans, you get the trendy ambiance that is often missing from sushi spots. 

The bar menu was small but each drink was really interesting. It's clear that they are committed to craft cocktails and keeping an upscale bar. Our waiter also informed us that a lengthy sake menu will be arriving soon.  

The food was delicious! Started with the rock shrimp. Perfect. Moved on to the lobster fried rice which was extremely flavorful and not at all greasy. Had a few rolls for our main course all of which were extremely fresh and with a good rice to fish ratio. 

The service was friendly, knowledgeable and not at all overwhelmed or (seemingly) stressed considering it was open weekend. Overall, I left already thinking of when I would go back. 

You can't go wrong checking out this new old city gem!
Ambiance: 5 stars
Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars

I had the chance to try Tuna Bar for the first time with my husband and my cousin. We were all really impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant (even if we did get blasted with cold air every time someone new entered).

We started with the pork gyoza and fried oysters. When we asked our server how many oysters came in an order, she said 2 per order. We ordered two so that all of us could try an oyster. When the plates came out, there were three gigantic oysters on each of them. So, we really didn't need to order 2 at all. The oysters were OK, nothing special. They mostly tasted like breading. The gyoza were disappointing. They really didn't have much flavor and tasted basically like plain ol' pork sausage.

The actual sushi itself was really good, though. I got some salmon sushi, a yellowtail and chive roll with scallion oil, and a spicy tuna roll. I loved the sushi - it was so tender and melted in your mouth. I also can't say enough good things about the yellowtail/chive/scallion roll. It was...really unique and delicious. I would definitely order that again and advise that you try it for yourself!

Overall, I enjoyed my meal here. I thought their cocktail list left a lot to be desired and that the price for everything was too steep for what you actually got. While I won't be making any grand effort to return, I wasn't dissatisfied with my meal here.
I feel like there's no in between with sushi restaurants-  it's either your go to questionable delivery place for a $10 3 roll special, or it's high class fish with high class price tag at a place like Tuna Bar. 

The Bar in Tuna Bar is on point- I loved my first cocktail- The Picante (a mezcal drink with grapefruit and jalapeno), but the second cocktail was odd- wasabi and cucumber just tasted like someone blended a cucumber roll, and the wasabi chunks at the bottom were weird.

The Tuna in Tuna Bar is on par with Morimoto, Royal Izakaya and and Double Knot. Beware of the specials though, those prices add up! We had a 3 piece fatty tuna special for $21 and 2 piece yellowtail for $20. That's $41 for 5 pieces of fish. Coulda had 12 mediocre takeout rolls for that price, so it's hard to wrap my head around. But it was really good! They also had some fun looking fancy rolls and we tried the Fishtown Roll -with jalapeno and assorted fish wrapped around shrimp tempura which was very good.

We also enjoyed some apps and sides- the bang bang shrimp, brussel sprouts, lobster fried rice (large portion), and the wok fried crudo were all very good. Before we knew it our check was about $100 each. Not sure if there was dessert, since our waiter just brought the check and rushed us out a bit....

The place was busy on a Thursday night, despite it being in a bit of an odd location). The waiters seemed a bit stressed and the area they had to navigate was so narrow they seemed to constantly be excusing themselves or squeezing past each other. Hopefully they'll get into the groove of things as time goes on.

Next time you're looking to sit down and really enjoy some melt in your mouth fish not being delivered in under 35 minutes for you to watch with Netflix with, definitely try Tuna Bar!
I am in love with this place: from the design (asian contemporary with mid century modern mixed with a little great Gatsby vibes), the music (from eminem to imagine dragons on instrumental), the food and drinks, to the excellent service, TB is going to be my new favorite happy hour and dinner spot in old city.  I am always on the hunt for good sushi in philly and almost every place I've been to left something to be desired.Tuna bar served fresh sushi and well seasoned soba noodles that not only satisfied but had my friends raving about their next return. You know it's a good meal when we are talking about our next visit!
Since we had a 5pm reservation we were able to partake in their happy hour specials which included drinks and $5-$7 sushi rolls. It was a great deal considering the quality and ambience. For the sushi we went with the classics spicy tuna, spicy salmon and the salmon avocados. They were able to accommodate for my friend's wheat allergy but giving her gluten free soy sauce. The waiter was very patient and thorough with making sure my friend did not encounter any wheat products. Besides our sushi, my other friend got the chicken dumplings and the avocado ginger salad, which were both excellent. We also happened to come on a particularly beautiful day so the doors were open and they had a photographer take pictures of their new menu items. One of which is this stunning cocktail called 1912 which is inspired by the cherry blossoms in DC. The bartender sprinkled hibiscus dust on top and garnished it with beautiful flowers. It was light and refreshing and not too sweet. It also doesn't hurt that it is a beautiful work of art!
Lastly we had our sweet ending with the dark chocolate sesame ice cream. The chocolate was overpowering the sesame to be honest, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. My only qualm was that the bowl and plates are a bit uneven so it's not ideal for serving. Otherwise, this is a must try!
Our friends raved about this new restaurant in town so my boyfriend and I went on a double date here with them. Upon arriving, I was impressed by how modern and chic this place looked - honestly not what I expect when I think Japanese restaurant. Love all the high glass windows all around that allow you to see in. 

Food was amazing. Loved the Fried Brussel Sprouts that were seasoned with sesame oil and miso - nice Asian flare. Tuna Tartare was good and had lots of avocado. Kobe Beef Spring Rolls (it was a special and I just had to try it) had a decent amount of meat in them and came with a dipping sauce.

Grandmom's Wonton Soup - our friends raved about this so we each got a bowl. This is FuZhou style - I laughed when I read it on the menu because I am from FuZhou and this is a traditional soup that my grandma would ACTUALLY make for us eat all the time at home, or you could buy it for like less than a dollar in noodle shops. It was funny to see it being served at an upscale place like this for $8 bucks. It was delicious nonetheless and a nice warming appetizer.

We ordered a bunch of sushi and rolls afterwards and they brought it out all together on a huge wooden tray for us to share (presentation def did not disappoint). Our server was incredibly sweet and very present - she made sure to keep the drinks and food coming. Overall, it was a memorable meal and a perfect spot for date night!
First off, I'll have to admit to having a bias since my wife and I frequent their sister restaurant in Maple Shade called Yokohama. That said, Tuna Bar is a tremendously hip new addition to the Philadelphia restaurant scene. The food is of excellent quality and presentation, while the restaurant is chic with a New York City vibe. 

I actually ate there two nights in a row so that I could get a true taste of the cuisine.  The Wok Kampachi Ceviche was excellent but my favorite was the Scallop Crudo.  You should try Grandmom's Wonton Soup, which is a creative new rendition of the old time favorite that I highly recommend.  I even had my favorite roll, the Sindy roll, which I eat at the Maple Shade location. It was delicious as usual. 

Though Tuna Bar may borrow some rolls from the Yokohama menu, make no mistake, the food at Tuna Bar is original, upscale, and very creative.  The menu is evolving as it is perfected, and getting better by the day.
Hip, mid-century modern decorated sushi spot with some hits and some misses but overall a good time. 

Came with a party of 7 to celebrate my mom and aunt's birthday. We opted not to bring a cake because they have a $45 cake fee. 

The drinks here were strong and I quite enjoyed them. I tried the Winston's heat, which was very much cucumber-y and refreshing, the NORI-Grets, which basically tasted like a margarita, and the Yuzu sour, which was a bit too sour for me. 

We ordered a bunch of dishes for the table, which came to around $400 with tip and tax. 

Things I'd recommend:
1. UNI: the uni here was surprisingly fresh (compared to a lot of their other fish). While MP was $12 a piece, I'd say it was pretty worth it. Not sure if the UNI is always this fresh, but we definitely came on a good day. 

2. Vegetable fried rice: I'm sure all the fried rices here are good (they have 3 different choices in total, a sausage one, a crab wasabi one, and a veggie one): We opted for the veggie rice and it was delicious - Super simple, but full of flavor. A bit greasy, but definitely a delicious and straightforward dish. 

3. Grandma's Wonton soup: I didn't try this, but this was a dish ordered for my grandmother (we thought a grandma soup would be good for a grandma lol). She really enjoyed this! These are Fuzhou style wontons so they're super small, but she ate this entire dish and that doesn't happen often - so they must've been authentic and delicious! 

Things I thought that were just OKAY: 
1. The rolls: We ordered the eel avocado, California, avocado, and peanut avocado roll (lots of avocado lol). While they were pretty solid (was personally not a big fan of the peanut avocado roll), I'd say it really wasn't anything special. I guess they presented it in an aesthetic way, but definitely not any better than the regular $5 lunch special rolls at a random sushi joint. If you're a fan of sushi rolls, their rolls are definitely a safe option to order but again, they won't wow you. 

2. Oysters: My mom actually really enjoyed the oysters, so this might be a preference thing. They weren't bad by any means but I definitely didn't like that the oysters were pre-seasoned and flavored. Whenever places do that it naturally makes me question the oyster freshness. We ordered 12 oysters in total, 6 East coast and 6 west coast. The oysters were around $3, which I thought was pretty pricey - especially because dollar oysters are pretty easy to find. I pay for $3 in NYC when I've missed happy hour and am REALLLLLLLY craving oysters, otherwise I can't really justify the price - especially in Philadelphia and for the size/taste of these oysters. Again, not bad but not worth it in my book. 

3. Seaweed salad: We ordered this for my grandmother who's pretty picky with what she eats. It tasted like standard seaweed salad. Not really sure what else to say about this one. 

Things I'd skip: 
1. Tuna tartare: My cousin mentioned this was a dish that was pretty popular here so we decided to try it. Tuna didn't taste very fresh. 

2. Big tuna sashimi: Tuna, again, didn't taste fresh. I'm confused why this place is called tuna bar when their tuna doesn't seem...great. Our waiter described this as an "omakase" but we chose to order and share with the table. The best part of this plate was the tuna rolls. The sashimi slices were fishy and honestly the color of the fatty tuna made me feel, for lack of better words, A BIT FISHY, about this place. 

OVERALL, this place is a fun time and has a great atmosphere. Their fish and tuna truly is...whatever, but I'd still recommend this spot for a nice date or hangout with friends / family.
My husband and I eat out frequently and Tuna Bar was on our list of our places to visit. We saved it for our anniversary date. We went on a Sunday because we were able to get childcare and we decided on a late dinner because it was easier for similar reasons. Per the website Tuna Bar closes at 10pm on Sunday and we got there around 8:30pm which should have been plenty of time to enjoy a meal. 

By 8:50pm it was clear the staff was ready to wrap up, soy sauce was  collected from the tables around us and we felt rushed. At 9:15pm a staff member loudly swept around our table where we were mid-meal. Frankly this was gross and disruptive. When it was barely 9:30pm chairs were brought in from outside and were stacked near our table. 

I will say Diamond was our server and she was great. The food was also good but was not easily enjoyed due to the other aspects of our experience. 

I actually both called Tuna bar and emailed to discuss our experience and received no contact back. Poor form all around. I can't imagine choosing to go back.
Vibes: simple, casual but refined, dark wooden tones, candlelit; a bit reminiscent of Double Knot's aesthetic

Menu: short, curated categories of small plates, sashimi/sushi by the piece, and rolls 

Tasting notes:
-Wok kampachi ceviche: fish was thinly sliced, lightly seared on one side, a means for picking up the strongly ginger, salty sauce; this was very much of a light but absolutely lovely appetizer
-Lobster fried rice: tender pea shoot leaves among extremely umami shiitake mushroom slices and bite-sized chunks of sweet lobster; rice was not too oily and on the chewier side; a very shareable dish
-Mai fried rice: small pieces of sweet, meaty sausage contrast with the refreshingly crisp chopped snap peas and surprisingly large, full shrimp; mixing in the runny fried egg added a subtle creaminess; cilantro is the garnish, an fyi for people who might be like me and not love the flavor
-Yellowtail house roll: kept simple with yellowtail and avocado with a little bit of garnish, very clean-tasting
-Fishtown roll: basically a rainbow roll with crunchy, sweet, firm shrimp tempura wrapped inside with a mayo sauce; the size of each piece and the ratio of fish on top to the rest of the bite (rice, shrimp) was perfect for me

Noteworthy:
-Server was very attentive and friendly and great at explaining the night's specials, down to where the seafood was sourced
-Booths good for groups and cafe-style round tables for date nights

Will be back for: the A5 wagyu beef sushi-style (because last and only time I had it was in Japan a couple years ago!), happy hour, lunch when they get around to it, because I'd love to dine when natural light flows through the giant windows!
For a restaurant which just opened, they are doing very well.  Sushi is definitely high standard as are the cocktails.  Sake menu is non existent yet (one house sake on offer when we were there) but should be coming along. 

Loved the lobster fried rice as it was not greasy and cooked to perfection.  The kind where you can taste each rice grain. 

Tuna crudo was clean and tasty and I would definitely order it again when I come back. 

I loved my nigiri pieces, cut well and tasted great.  Not sure why they didn't dab a bit of wasabi under the fish but I adjusted my own wasabi so no biggie..  My wife's Sindy roll was very tasty by fell apart way too easily. 

Very modern casual ambiance and pleasant staff made for a great overall experience. 

Location is great and I hear parking deal (validation) is coming as parking could be challenging. 

Not many places in Philly serving good sushi, this place is and I welcome them.

I wish you guys at the Tuna Bar lots of luck and success and hope you keep the great atmosphere, quality ingredients and quality chefs cutting away for a very long time! Congratulations!
Great restaurant! I went here for happy hour recently. Beautiful restaurant and bar. Happy is allowed anywhere in the restaurant (4:30-7pm). They have some $5 sushi rolls and drink specials. All were great and the fish was very fresh. The regular menu looked great, i look forward to returning!
Atmosphere - 5/5 

Beautifully designed space, with a nice ambience to it. Music is neither too loud nor soft. Logo is simple and nice. Menu has a nice feel with minimalistic approach in design. Overall, the interior design is one of my favorite things about this place.

Service - 3/5

Host is friendly and the waiters are nice. Nothing extraordinary. The only thing I thought (and maybe it wasn't appropriate for me to expect?) was that there would be an introduction to the sushi sampler/omakase we ordered. I'm clearly not a sushi expert so I had no idea what I was eating, but I kind of wish I did. I guess I was used to an intro/story typically offered at other sushi places for an omakase.

Food - 3/5

What I ordered the few times I've been here:
Rittenhouse Roll, J&J, Omakase/Sushi Sampler & Fried Oysters 

The rolls were great. I enjoyed the Rittenhouse Sq Roll thoroughly and the J&J was good to taste. The fried oysters and sushi samplers weren't my favorite. The fried oysters were too sea watery for my taste, and the sushi samplers didn't feel too fresh to me.

Price - 2/5

For the price of the food, I would expect a little more from the food and service itself. The interior design matches what I would expect in pricing. 

Overall I would give this place a 3.5 if I could. Thank you for the experience!
So there seems to be some a few mixed reviews on this place and I honestly can't see why. It's a beautiful restaurant, the food and service was great and their specials were amazing. The ambience is perfect for a date night. We ordered the brussel sprouts which were nicely charred and doused in sweet and salty sauce, and the tuna tartare which isn't a super unique dish but it was done very well and it came with rice crackers to serve as a vehicle for the tuna. We also went with some happy hour rolls of spicy tuna, salmon avocado which were $5 each then a peanut avocado roll as well for $6. The peanut avocado roll is so simple and so good. I actually ordered a second one I liked it so much. I've had spicy tuna at more places than you can count, and this is exactly what you want when ordering spicy tuna. You can tell a restaurant knows what it's doing by the rice. Tuna bar knows what it's doing. Again, these aren't super original, but just done very well and a bit more refined than your typical fusion restaurant. We finished the meal with some Mochi for dessert that had 3 flavors and they were all delicious.

Since there's a lack of happy hour info on Yelp, here's the down low on their happy hour. This could be the best happy hour deal in the whole city. It's Mon-Fri from 4:30-7. Drink options are: one sake (mine was only $4 and poured traditionally overflowing into a masu box), one house red and one house white wine for $7. We went with the white and it was pretty good. You have the options of 3 beers, Kirin, Kirin Lite, and Orion for $5, $4, $4 respectively. Then there's one rotating house cocktail for $7. The night we went, it was a gin martini made with craft vermouth which is a ridiculous deal for just $7. Judging the way they handled the sake alone I'm sure their bar program is excellent. I will return to confirm this.

Happy hour food: 3 rolls for $5 each, Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, and Salmon Avocado. There's also chicken and shrimp dumplings for $7, edamame for $4 and shrimp and oysters for $2 a piece. 

Bonus tip: (as far as I know) every Tuesday is Tuna Tuesday. Spicy tuna rolls are $6 all day and tuna tartare is $7. Every Thursday is Toro Thursday. Negitoro rolls are $7 all day. 

Just come try this place for a happy hour, you'll never want to leave.
My new favorite sushi place in philly! So I agree with some of the other reviews, it is VERY hard to find amazing sushi in Philadelphia. It's just difficult to come by, while this sushi was not the best I have ever had, the experience was five stars. 

First, I love the ambience. This is a place that suits many occasions, first dates, get together with friends, lunch with a coworker, etc. I would say definitely more of an intimate setting, I came here with Megan F. for a lunch during a work break! Such great vibes. Love the bar area and full length windows, just adds to the ambience! 

We tried their steamed chicken and shrimp dumplings as an appetizer and for rolls we split the J&J roll, peppered tuna roll, and the east roll. The east roll is just your standard salmon sushi roll, nothing too crazy.  The J&J is a great roll for people trying to transition into the sushi eating world of actual raw fish! Loved the seared tuna on the outside. Hands down, our favorite was the peppered tuna roll! I'm a spicy tuna roll enthusiast and I decided to switch it up with this roll. I have zero regrets, a definite must try and great chance of tuna palette.


Overall the place and the sushi varieties are very modern, definitely worth a try if you're near this area of philly!
Tuna Bar is a modern and sleek restaurant.  This may be an odd observation but I felt like the lighting was perfect because it wasnt too dark or bright. We opted to sit at the beautiful bar. Our server was very friendly and provided great recommendations.

We started with the Creamy Rock Shrimp which was lightly battered. The gochujang added a nice mild spice.  The shrimp was okay, nothing to write home about. We also had the Tuna Crudo which was way bigger than we anticipated. 

We opted to try several rolls: salmon avocado, Sindy, Rittenhouse and the unagi sashimi. The sushi and sashimi were beautifully presented on a wooden board. Sindy was my favorite roll as it was super light because it didnt have rice. We noticed the salmon may not have been as fresh as the tuna that day. Overall, it was good though. 

We kept it simple with drinks and had sake and Japanese whiskey.  Can't wait to go back and try some cocktails!
Will never return.  I must have been to Tuna Bar at least 10 times last year.  However my last experience was the most atrocious experience I have ever had.  I understand that it was the first opening day and some hiccups are to be expected, but Friday is quite beyond.  First we arrived at our reservation time of 7:30.  Once we arrived we were told by the very disheveled matradee that they were running about 30 minutes late.  No issue so we took a walk around the block.  We arrived back at 8 and were told we were the 2nd table to be seated after 1 couple and they were cleaning 2 tables at that moment.  We sat on the bench at which point I watched him seat 2 couples.  Then another customer who showed up later than us went and said something and he sat them at a 4 top.  At that point I went back up and he looked at his computer and couldn't find my name. He eventually found it and looked confused.  He said I'll be the next couple and said here's a $25 gift card.  It was only $15 when I opened at home.  We waited another 15 minutes at which point a waiter started going to everyone including us to tell us they were out of food.  

There were multiple chances to tell us they would be out.  Instead we waited and waited, watched other people be seated when we were due to be next.  I rather write to you directly then putting my review on social sites as I think you should know about my full experience.  The waiter did give us a $50 gift card as he did with others for running out of food.    I emailed the restaurant direct with no response.  DONE
Opted for a few take out rolls for lunch. I tried the Miso; Hamachi Avocado; Spicy Scallop; Spicy Tuna; Shrimp Tempura; and Broad Street rolls. I'm glad I tried the miso soup, which packs an interesting sweet flavor with buttery soft tofu. My favorite from the order were the Hamachi and Broad Street. Overall, everything was tasty and fresh. Would love to try dining in next time for sashimi and appetizers.
The restaurant was well decorated and had a unique feel to it. The waiter was informative and quick and the food was good. The only thing that I can say was that the quality of ingredients were great but a little underwhelming in terms of the sushi that was served to us. I think I set my expectations a little too high for the price I saw in the menu (as I've had "better" tasting sushi at cheaper prices). Overall the experience and food was good and i would recommend this place for a fun date.
I will never eat Northeast Philly sushi ever again. It doesn't even compare to Tuna Bar. I sat at the bar and tried the Rittenhouse Roll. Spicy tuna, cucumber, avocado, kombu soy wrap, lobster tempura, and a truffle masago sauce. It was absolutely delectable. This is the holy grail of sushi. My mom ordered a happy hour saki which is graciously overpoured. Her spider roll was also to die for. Definitely a sushi staple in the city.
I loved this restaurant! Went for birthday dinner. It's a fantastic date spot and the quality of sushi is even better. Parking is easy to find in old city and they have cute outdoor dining for the warmer months.
I was excited to see Tuna Bar open in my Old City neighborhood. Adding a Japanese restaurant to the neighborhood seemed like a great idea even though I'm not a fan of sushi. I hoped it would also have food for non sushi lovers and thankfully it does. 

Upon walking in i noticed the restaurant has a nice warm modern decor. I ordered a bunch of items with my dinner companion and we shared. We ordered dumplings, edamame, lobster fried rice, shrimp tempura sushi, and bone-in steak. The dumplings were good, but not as flavorful as the best dumplings I've tasted. The lobster fried rice was the standout. It's a large delicious bowl, with enough lobster to actually taste, and you have plenty to take home at the end. The steak was a perfectly cooked and juicy medium. But it was a fatty piece of steak. I had to trim some of the fat myself, which was slightly annoying. But once the fat was trimmed I was in steak heaven.  Remember, I'm not a fan of sushi but I did enjoy the shrimp tempura sushi. Guess I can like sushi as long as the fish is cooked. I also had a rum & coke, which was mixed well but missing the lime. The bar probably focuses on fancier cocktails as opposed to the old classics. 

Tuna Bar is a welcome addition to Old City.
Very. Disappointing. Meal. (2.5 stars)

Read the reviews before dining and thought it'll be worth the experience. Completely wrong. 

Server was somewhat knowledgeable when asking him questions about the food but my boyfriend and I pretty much answered our own questions. 

Cleanliness- the menus were all paper and it looked very unprofessional due to all the wrinkles and sauce spill. The wine glass were very dusty. The spoon for our fried rice had a hair/fuzzy on it.

Food- Sad to say, the lobster fried rice was the best part of our dinner. The wagyu beef and west coast uni was good and kinda what we expected. The king salmon ($9) and otoro ($16) was such a disappointment. Both did not taste like the fish we wanted. The quality and presentation didn't match up to what we wanted. We eat sushi very often so we know what it look like and should taste like. That was not worth the money at all. We also had the chicken and shrimp dumplings, it was okay, very strong shrimp taste. But wasn't hot when it came out. 

Price- Too expensive for bad quality fish.
To me, 4 stars seems about right. A bit higher end in the quality of the sushi here and food here, but prices overall are a bit higher than many places. Overall, given the higher quality, I don't mind that too much. The atmosphere and service are both pretty nice, with a pretty neat space that is decorated nicely. Servers were able to answer questions that I posed.

Haven't tried the whole menu yet, but can recommend a few things. Overall, I like the hot entrees a bit better than the sushi and the cooked food is quite good in general (and mostly reasonably priced). Sushi is a bit on the pricey side, but nothing crazy for the quality. Having said that, I think the sushi at Kisso down the street (will review soon) is just as good, if not better. But this is a more fun place to go, so the jury is out...

Appetizers: Tuna Tartare ($14), Creamy Rock Shrimp ($12), Pork Gyoza ($8), Chicken and Shrimp Dumplings ($8), 

Soup: Grandmom's Wonton Soup ($7)

Sashimi: Toro (fatty tuna-$12), Hamachi (yellowtail-$8)

Traditional Rolls: California ($6), Real California ($9), Spicy Salmon ($7)

House Rolls: Peppered Tuna Roll ($9-favorite roll here); Dragon Roll ($12)

Special Rolls: Fishtown Roll ($17), Sindy Roll ($16), Old City Roll ($17-very good)

Hot Entrees: Salmon Shokiyaki ($23-outstanding), Bone-in Strip Steak ($36-outstanding), Lobster Fried Rice ($16), Mai Fried Rice ($14-outstanding), Stir Fried Soba Noodles ($15)
service was attentive and great accommodating to our needs. Decor was really nice, a wood finish and a bar. Presentation of the food was neat, however, 3 stars because it just didn't taste that good. The slices of the fish were healthy portions, but there was something missing, like I've had it somewhere else before. When I grade sushi, the first bite has to give me that "oh, this is good and the taste is different..." This place is great for a date because it's got a dimmed ambiance and sometimes I'm looking for a nice place just to talk.
Stopped in here for my birthday a couple of weeks ago. Great quality fish and delicious ingredient combinations. A lot of the special sushi rolls that sounded good were mainly tuna though. I would like to see more choices with another type of fish, but can't complain too much hence the name, Tuna Bar. 

Although the food was amazing, the service could be better. It took a little longer for our server to come check on us after the food came out. It was later in the evening, so I figured they were busy closing out on a few other tables - fair enough. However, we were then not checked on again for another 30-40 minutes after we were done eating. We all kind of just sat there with empty plates and water glasses wondering if we should ask the hostess to track them down. The restaurant was not busy at all at this point...maybe four tables throughout the whole restaurant (with 3 or so servers working) and a few people at the bar. Nonetheless, we will be back as the location and food outweighs the hit or miss service.
Tuna Bar is a new sushi joint located in the Old City neighborhood. Modern with retro inspired decor, I felt thoroughly welcomed by the warm staff the second I walked through the door. I would definitely recommend making a reservation, especially on a weekend, as the place was pretty packed when my dining companion and I arrived. 

The menu is relatively small, but from our experience, everything was made with thought and care. We started off with cocktails, the tequila for us both. While the smell let us know it was a generous pour, it was easy to drink and not overly sweet. We split 4 rolls in total: Fishtown, peppered tuna, dynamite tuna, and spicy salmon. The presentation was beautiful, and every roll was delicious, although my favorite was the Fishtown. It was clear that all of the fish and other ingredients were fresh! Our meal a bit pricey, which we expected, but worth the splurge for great sushi!

As others have stated, the service at Tuna Bar was simply outstanding. The owner himself even stopped by before the end of our meal to inquire how we were doing. A lovely dining experience overall!
Stopped by here Friday on a whim after checking out the art galleries in the area. Was able to sit at the bar due to a wait for tables but understandable. The bar is made out of pieces of wood that kinda scream Fixer Upper is on the DVR. The vibe of the place was urban and perfect for its location. For apps we ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts. Tuna Crudo, Miso Soup and the Pork Gyoza. 

The Miso was $6 bucks, when I asked my companion was it $6 bucks worthy there was a reply of lacking flavor but the size was equivalent to 2 $3 bowls somewhere else. 
The Brussel Sprouts: Now I confess I hadn't had brussel sprouts since at least 12 and that pushing it but I decided to step out of my comfort zone and try them roasted instead of boiled and I am now a fan. The sesame oil was perfect and they were charred just enough to elicit the flavor of the sprouts to be slightly sweet.
Tuna Crudo: My companions loved this dish and advised the truffle oil was slightly overwhelming but delectable.
Pork Gyoza: Always good and great with the left over truffle oil

The perk of sitting at the bar was watching the chefs make the rolls and trying to figure out which one was ours. There is a mirror above the bar and more than once did we find ourselves staring at what was going on. We ordered 4 rolls to share: Fishtown, Old City, J&J and the Real California. The J&J was my favorite the shishito pepper would kick in right at the end for a spicy finish. The Old City looked to be the most popular coming off the bar and it made sense - its a instagramable plate in its own right and has a good flavor combo. I initially ordered the Fishtown and depending on what piece of fish you got on top kinda determined if it worked in my opinion. We decided to try the Real California roll for fun and honestly I could have done without.

Overall I liked it and would try it again. I do wonder if they are going to rotate rolls to keep it fresh.
Delicious! Just moved to the neighborhood and so happy this is nearby. Their sushi is fantastic (I love the Rittenhouse roll) but their non-sushi fare is just as good. Wonderful wine selection and incredibly friendly staff.
Go to spot in old city. Always fresh and pleasant ambiance. Ordered 3 rolls (the dynamite roll, the spicy salmon roll and the fishtown roll) between my sister and I and enjoyed all of them. Their standard roll prices are reasonable between $7-9. Speciality on the other hand a bit pricey. The fishtown roll was $17, although it was incredible and would definitely order again.

The current covid situation: QR menus to scan on your phone. Mask needed in order to enter the building for restrooms. One thing I wish they would have done is QR payment like some of the other restaurants in the city. Hope they at least clean the check/credit card holders!
Best sushi in Philly - by far. Great food, service, and space.  

This is a great addition to old city and philly in general.
Best fresh sushi we had yet, and nicely presented. Server was great, always within reach if something is needed. Nice atmosphere, except for Race St noise, and we ate inside. Street parking in the area is tight, and free on Sunday. Not hectic like Tomo which has no ambiance,  and is like eating in the middle of a fire drill. Wife's glass of wine was pricey, $14. Nice beer from 2SP. Will be back.
We had our school year-end party at Tuna Bar and it was spectacular.  Service was great even though we were a large group, but the best part was definitely the food.  Everything was super fresh with good options for vegetarians too-- my favorites were the brussels, nigiri, and crab rice.  Drinks were fire too.

Everyone really enjoyed it, we will be back.  Shout out to Ken (amazing chef), Tina (manager), and our bartender -- didn't catch her name but she was top notch.
Tuna Bar was high on my "to visit" list until COVID hit but New Year's Eve gave us a reason to order a ton of fancy treats for delivery to feel at least a little celebratory at home. 

Loved: Lobster Tempura Roll, Wagyu Spring Rolls, Rock Shrimp, Chicken Karaage, Toro Sashimi, Spicy Scallop Roll 

Pretty Good: King Crab Salad

Not The Best: Raw Oysters
I have been to Tuna Bar a couple of times, the first time a shortly after it opened and the second time more recently. The first time, we were very impressed by the quality of the fish and the preparation of our food. The second time, the quality was still very good but it wasn't prepared as well as the first time we visited. Since this restaurant is fairly expensive, we were slightly disappointed. 

The food we ordered included miso soup, tuna tartare, Old City Roll, Fishtown roll, White Tuna Roll, and Spicy Salmon Roll. We really enjoyed the tuna tartare and the Old City Roll, although the rock shrimp on Old City Roll were not cooked as tender as the first time we went. The fish in the other rolls was very good quality, but we were not too impressed by the overall rolls themselves. 

Most recently we were here on a Thursday and there was supposedly a happy hour on the lychee martini that featured the drink for $5. We were told when we sat down around 7pm that the happy hour was still going on and we could order the martini with the discounted price, which we did. The martini was delicious, however, when we went to pay the bill, our drinks were listed as full price and the same waitress we had since he beginning of the meal told us that we ordered after the happy hour was over. Therefore I would say the service we received was not the best...

Overall I am hesitant about coming back here, especially because Kisso and Tomo are two other great japanese restaurants within a block radius.
This is the  best sushi place that ever existed in Philadelphia. Cute decor, instagrammable, and great service. 

As soon as I walked in with my company, I was greeted by an amazing host Jack. His personal style is on point and he has most amazing manners. He walked us to our table. 

Then, we had phenomenal service from Henry who was our waiter. He made sure my friend was accommodated since she is gluten-free. He answered all of our questions and made great suggestions. 

Sushi were fresh and delicious! All drinks were strong. I love their fried rice options. 

I will definitely be back and this is one of the most romantic places in all of Philadelphia. Great food, great staff, and great atmosphere. What else can you possibly want?
This place gets 10/5 for ambiance! It's in a great location and it's so modern inside and provides a great atmosphere for a girls night, date night, friend date, family date, etc. etc. etc. Outdoor seating is available. They have the ceiling to floor doors that they open wide during a nice night which gives you the feel of eating outside even when you are dining indoors. It's relatively small inside so I definitely recommend making a reservation if our plan to come at a busy time. 

The service was good. A little slow but we weren't in a rush so it worked for us.

We came during happy hour and got two spicy tuna rolls and two spicy salmon rolls (which are $5 each at happy hour prices). It took a while for them to come out. I actually thought she forgot about them. They were just ok. 

My friend got the edamame which she enjoyed. I got a ginger salad. It said it had avocado so I assumed they were just trying to be different by calling it a ginger salad instead of an avocado salad. Most sushi restaurants that I go to have an avocado salad on the menu with ginger dressing and it has at least a half of an avocado on top. This salad came out almost immediately after I ordered it and it was super cold which makes me feel like it's one of those restaurants that pre-makes salads and keeps them in a fridge or cooler. The avocado was so sparse I barely even knew it was in there. Not what I'm used to! To be fair, I assumed it was the avocado salad that I get at other sushi restaurants. 

We split the lobster fried rice because so many people raves about it in the reviews. It was decent. Not amazing. It was kind of egg-y; I felt like that was the dominant flavor. 

The other special rolls I ordered are pretty forgettable. One was a KJ, I believe. That's all I really remember. I don't remember what the other one was even called or what was in either of them. What's not forgettable is the price point of these unforgettable rolls. Their special rolls cost $15 to $21 per roll. ($21? Seriously?) They were falling apart as we tried to pick them up with the chopsticks. The wasabi was more mild than I'm used to. 

The bathrooms are individual rooms for one person at a time. There was different music playing in the bathroom and it felt like a dance party. I was jamming out in there. Lol. 

There is kiosk parking located nearby. Just a short walk will get you there. I'm not sure of any lots. 

This place is great for the atmosphere but I've had wayyyyyy better sushi at a way lower price point. I feel like you are paying for the location more than anything. While I loved the ambiance, I don't really know that it would be worth returning to. I have sushi so infrequently that if I'm in the mood for it, I would rather go somewhere with better sushi and maybe not as awesome of an environment than mediocre, overpriced sushi in a modern, breezy location. 

This is a miss for me and I can't really recommend it...unless you really want to pay a lot for mediocre sushi.
This place is seriously awesome. The decor is u unique  and the service is great. They just opened and still adding new thins to the menu.

We asked for a tasting menu which isn't featured on the menu and worth asking! The chef recreated his grandmothers soup recipe and had fresh fish right off the truck from Japan. It was unbelievable.

Dessert was awesome. We had dark chocolate ice cream and green tea ice cream with pieces of cheesecake. 

The experience was so wonderful and I highly recommended this place!
I really wanted to like Tuna Bar and was looking forward to our Valentine's Day dinner reservation. After making the reservation and realizing we weren't able to preview the prix fixe menu, I decided to contact the restaurant since my boyfriend has a shellfish allergy and this can often be a problem with sushi. I called, no answer. So I messaged them via Facebook. I explained his allergy and asked if this would be issue with the menu and their exact response was "...confirmed with management and there will be no shellfish on tonight's menu..." (See pic) 

Great, so we went. As soon as we sat down and looked at the menu we realized almost half of it included shrimp aka SHELLFISH (see V-day menu pic). Now maybe they were unaware that shrimp is shellfish? Or maybe they were just too lazy to actually check when I inquired, but either way, it's pretty inexcusable to ignore someone's food allergies and risk a health scare. What if we had asked if a dish included shellfish and my boyfriend had eaten it due to their ignorance? We would have ended up at the hospital. 

I'm giving three stars because our waiter did his best to accommodate us once we were already seated and expecting a decent meal. The sushi roll  that he subbed for the 6th course (didn't have a name, his creation) was pretty quality and we did really enjoy it. I just can't get past the staff's ignorance regarding food allergies and a $210 dinner with drinks that we didn't really get to enjoy.
What an experience! Talk about magical dinners! Yesterday was my first night at Tuna Bar and I can't wait to go back. 

We had made reservations in advance and were seated in what I think is the best table of the restaurant - a small table just for two by the window/glass doors. The weather was nice so they had their sliding doors open in which you could feel the breeze and the environment from the outside but also feel like you were part of the upscale dining environment in doors. From either end of the table you got views from the restaurant and from the outside which I thought was magnificent. 

The restaurant per say is beautiful, it has very chic. modern and elegant decor. They have leather booths and small tables and a nice design throughout the restaurant. The music is audible but not extremely loud that disrupts your conversation. 

The service was also very good and our waitress was very pleasant. 

As for the meal everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. We tried the shishito peppers which were perfectly seasoned and the fried Brussels sprouts which were also perfectly crunchy. For our main course we ordered both the Fishtown and Old City sushis and they were SO SO GOOD I'm still dreaming about them. The desserts were also good but not mind blowing (this was the only ok part of our meal). We tried both the Green Tea and the Tree Cake and they were traditional Japanese Sponge Cake which was very good but not exactly what we were expecting as our dessert. 

Our glasses of wine and proseco were also very good - I just wish they offered half bottles at a more convenient price. 

Bottom line is, If you are in old city and looking for a place to dine don't think about it twice.
If you're looking for high quality sushi at a reasonable price, this is the place! I am a sushi snob having lived in NYC and Singapore for years, and this is the only place I've been to in Philly that remotely compares aside from Morimoto and Tomo. Their tuna is very fresh and high quality, the salmon and yellowtail are always very good and fresh too. They do a spicy tuna roll 'the right way' with little mayo and big pieces of sushi, as opposed to the mushy, orange paste-y consistency of most spicy tuna rolls I've had in Philly. The lobster fried rice is also very good with a fresh flavor but a little light on the lobster. I haven't tried anything else as of yet.

What sets this place apart is their happy hour and daily specials - you can't beat it anywhere in The City! Salmon avocado, spicy salmon, or spicy tuna toll for $5! You can also choose from chicken and shrimp gyozas and a couple other items for $5. Drinks specials are $5 for the cocktail special and about $4 for beer and wine. Tuesday is Tuna Tuesday where you can get tuna tartare for $7, and Wednesday is hand rolls for $5. 

The service is definitely one of my favorite things about this place. The bartenders are friendly and prompt and super professional. The atmosphere is really cool, a mix of rustic with an Old City feel. They've been open for a year, but I wish I'd found them sooner!
Now there is tuna bar and the. The rest of the sushi restaurants in Philadelphia.
Don't expect rolls mounted with heaps of unrecognizable mayo mixes; this is real clean cut rolls and prime grade nigiri and sashimi.
A must go to restaurant!
The service is impeccable and the decor perfect.
Nice crowd too.
Must go
I went to Tuna Bar for happy hour on a weeknight! The restaurant wasn't too busy that night, although it seems pretty packed on weekends. We ordered everything but the miso soup from the happy hour menu. We got the several of each of the spicy tuna rolls, spicy salmon rolls, salmon avocado rolls, special rolls, chicken and shrimp dumplings and edadame. We basically got almost everything that was on the happy hour menu, since it was pretty limited. Each of the rolls came with 6 pieces, and we ordered 3 rolls per person. The rolls were good, but I would probably prefer to go somewhere like Double Knot, that has a more extensive happy hour menu. However, I liked the vibe and pretty decor of the restaurant!
This place is really good. It isn't your all-you-can eat or $4 roll type sushi spot so be prepared to spend a little more but in my opinion it's totally worth it. Aside from the food below the place is really comfy inside and super swanky. 

My girlfriend had a real California and a shrimp tempura roll, I had a real California and the small Omakase (which comes with a tuna roll as well) and we both had the gyoza to start. Both the gyoza and sushi were the best I've had in Philadelphia for sure. The Omakase nigiri was absolutely phenomenal, every piece was perfectly formed and just delicious. Real sushi chefs behind the counter. Gyoza was flavorful, pan seared just right as well. 

Service was good, albeit a *tiny* bit slow but we were also there an hour before closing on a Friday night when there are tons of people there at the bar and sitting outside -- our waiter was doing the best he could. He was also super friendly and knew everything about what was being served. 

2 drinks and the food above - $105. Very worth it.
I'm visiting from New York with a few friends and we decided to try this new sushi spot for Christmas Eve dinner. I'm so glad we did because it was the highlight of our trip! 

This may be a bold statement, but Tuna Bar is the best sushi I've ever had (and I've tried a LOT of sushi). 

Even the atmosphere is so interesting. The lights and decor are clean and aesthetically pleasing. The hostess seated us immediately at our reservation time and handed us menus, as well as a drink menu. 

To start, we ordered Sapporo beers, a Geisha (green tea, soju, sparkling white wine, green tea flakes), and a See You Later cocktail (which had rose petals on top). I had the Geisha, and it was a great pairing with the sushi- very light but flavorful. 

For our appetizers, we split a tuna curdo (my favorite dish), tuna tartare, edamame, and a seared tuna salad. Everything was amazing and flavorful. The tuna was the best fish I've ever tasted. 

The owner of the restaurant brought us complimentary shishito peppers, as well. They're simple but delicious! I'm actually craving them now. 

For the rolls and sashimi, we ordered a variety- old city roll, white dynamite, peppered tuna roll, maguro sashimi, and a peanut avocado roll. I attached pictures of the menu that explains what's inside each. 

The maguro sashimi was my favorite. It's just a piece of fish, but it was so tender and flavorful. Even the wasabi that I put on the fish was unique! Much different than the generic, gooey wasabi from every other sushi restaurant I've tried. 

I absolutely LOVE Tuna Bar- I wish they had one in New York, but that just means I'll have to visit Philly soon!
Absolutely amazing!! We made reservations but it wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday, it was a perfect chill spot. The decor is awesome and a very stylish but warm vibe. The food was phenomenal and service was great. We got the dumplings, lobster fried rice, Rick shrimp, Sindy roll, and fishtown roll. The Sindy Roll and dumplings were our favorite. Highly recommend !!!
Just tried this new Japanese restaurant in Old City tonight. There we're seven of us. The service was warm and enthusiastic. Loved the ambiance, they played great music. Full bar with great selection of spirits. The food was absolutely delicious! Had an assortment of sushi and sashimi, steak, crudo, and other appetizers. Everything was quite delicious. This will definitely be our new go-to place in Philly for sushi!
Modern trendy layout. Sat at the bar and was able to watch the chefs make everything. The food and drinks we had were delicious... sushi was spectacular but pricy.... 5 sushi and tuna roll for 35 or 8 sushi and tuna roll for 60.. my math is off... but either way was good.

My issue is with the hostess/seating. Mostly empty and told it was all booked so we sat at the bar... 2 hours later those same outside seats still open.... another group came in and sat at the bar... nothing taken.... don't pretend.
Great interior design for 1-on-1 dates or for bigger parties. Its basically a sushi restaurant, but kind of a fusion too because of the other types of food they serve. They also have a bar and I would recommend their cocktails (Geisha). As a party of 3 and we basically ordered 3 appetizers and 3 rolls, and it was definitely filling. The rolls came on one tray for us so we ate it family-styled. However, I saw tables where people had their own plates of sushi as well. 

I thought the brussel sprouts were really good, it had an asian style to it, probably from the sesame oil/seeds. The tuna tatare was served over a crispy thin cracker, which balanced out the creamy avocado and tuna. The mai fried rice was decent, just fried rice.

For rolls, we ordered the peppered tuna, white tuna, and J&J. Though the specialty roll (J&J) was almost double the price of the regular roll, there was definitely more going on and it was a lot more filling. I'd recommend getting at least one specialty roll. Still, the normal rolls such as the peppered tuna was refreshing to eat.

I also noticed that they have pretty exclusive sushi such as uni, el toro, kobe, and live clams.
If it wasn't for the tuna tartar, which was decent, this would be a one star restaurant.  The tuna tartar had potential, but needed some finishing salt and maybe a little heat and/or crunch to make it more interesting. 

Ordered three rolls and they were awful.  The spicy tuna and the unagi rolls contained this weird mixture, which I assume was pureed fish.  I've never experienced that before.  The salmon rolls had too much rice and the seaweed was too thick.  We slathered the rolls in soy sauce and wasabi to make them more palatable. 

Ordered three pieces of sushi.  They were some of the largest pieces of sushi I've ever had. The salmon was not fresh.  The hamachi was boring.  The striped bass, which was the cheapest of the sushis, was actually the most flavorful. 

A crisp Riesling is usually a good accompaniment to sushi.  Unfortunately, there is not one on the menu.  The one they had was cloyingly sweet, with no acid or fruit.  It wasn't even finished!  The pinot noir was too earthy.  The cava, while not great, was the best of the options. 

The main restaurant can be very loud.  The small side booths for two are a good option for a couple who want to be able to converse.
I'm not overstating: this is the best Japanese restaurant I've been in the United States. From the beautiful design to flawless food, including very nice service, it was a perfect dinner. Miso soup is fantastic, the rolls were amazing and the kobe beef niguiri, so good!

Before leaving, the waitress called the owner to greet me and I even got a small dessert on the house. 

The only bad thing about Tuna Bar: it's too many miles from my home in Orlando. I could eat here every week if it were not by the distance.
*WOULD RECOMMEND*

Located at the heart of Old City near the pier, Tuna Bar is a great upscale Japanese restaurant, perfect for dates. They offer both indoor and outdoor seating. The place itself looks very classy and modern. Their menu have a large selection, prices are a bit on the higher end but you are getting fresh, qualify fish. Not only is the food delicious but  the presentation is also just as nice. I loved that the rolls comes in a wooden tray. Also they have pretty good green tea that they serve in a steeping pot. Be prepared to spend a good lump sum while you're here.

*LUNCH*
- Tuna Tartare - Fresh tuna and avocado. I love the rick crackers that they serve this dish with

- Gyoza - pretty standard gyoza, though the skin was not as fried and crispy as I've had at other places.

- Broad Street - Salmon is my favorite fish and this roll literally was all I could ever ask for. The salmon was so fresh and the the sauce made the roll. No need for soy sauce or wasabi or any other additional, good as is. 

*VERDICT*
Yes, I would definitely come back again
Tuna Bar is a new sushi digs in Old City, a relatively upscale neighborhood in a city flooded with mediocre sushi restaurants. I frequent laban's favorites, bubblefish being one of them and the last visit left something to be desired. The fork in the road left me with two options, Royal Izakaya or Tuna Bar, and boy am I glad I chose the latter.

The ambiance is on point, and the service is friendly and welcoming. The menu is curated beautifully, from my understanding they narrowed it down quite a bit from the other location. This means everything on the menu is guaranteed to be fantastic and FRESH.

We started with the steamed chicken dumplings which were light and steamed to perfection. The ginger salad followed with slices of avocado and wonderfully balanced ginger dressing that wasn't too sweet. And they even do spring mix, which was great considering romaine isn't the best these days. 

For our sushi selections we went with the classic dragon roll, the east roll, the j & j roll, and 4 pieces of the tasmanian salmon, which is a fattier cut of wild caught alaskan salmon. The fish absolutely melted in your mouth and highlighted the night beautifully. The dragon roll was crafted wonderfully and the rice on every selection seemed to highlight the delicate subtleties of genuinely fresh fish. The wasabi was even a notch above. I don't know what else I can say besides try it for yourself. The preparation of everything was so wonderfully thought out and you can tell they care about what they do here. Ken was also present and very humble about my compliments.

6/5
I'm hungry just thinking about this place. Best fried rice I've had in my lifetime, I can't believe we just discovered this restaurant. Amazing atmosphere, like an upscale sushi bar. Really nice wine selections and truly to die for food. Even if we hadn't been starving at the time of our dinner, we would have devoured it just the same. We will be back!
A girl friend and I had dinner rez's for 6pm on a Thursday at Tuna Bar. It was a beautiful night, so not surprisingly it wasn't long before it got crowded. We opted to get a drink at the bar before heading to our table, so after Happy Hour it started picking up for sure. 

My friend and I shared a bunch of sushi rolls, and split a seaweed salad. 
My favorite thing I ordered was probably the peanut and avocado roll - surprisingly! 

I may be back, but I want to explore other sushi places in the city first.
Let's start with service - poor service due to their lack of friendliness and manners. The waiter had a very gloom face and seemed to be impatient when we were trying to order he was trying to rush us. My Dinner with three other Colleagues felt like a fast food restaurant quick eats and go. Nothing great about this place.  

Food was not that great. I ordered 2 different kinds of sushi rolls. 

Let's just say I won't be back here note suggest this place.
Great place for sushi! I usually go for happy hour because I think normal prices are a little high but the quality and taste definitely make it worth it. My favorite is the spicy salmon hand roll but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu! Happy hour is 5-7pm. On Wednesdays they have happy hour along with $5 hand roll special.
I came here as my cousin accidentally stumbled upon this sushi place and saw how it was always busy - so why not right? We managed to squeeze in early as it as a weekday after the rain and no one was exactly out. I highly recommend reservations here as they are literally always booked and it was my cousins 3rd try. Their sushi is extremely fresh and they do have very unique takes on rolls compared to what I have seen in the area. Our waitress extremely patient and kind. The decor is beautiful but of course its dim and romantic so you can't really see what you're eating either. Seating is small and parking is of course limited.

Everything about the place is insta-ambiance worthy and picture perfect but I can't help but feel it was a little over-hyped. We got the Tuna Crudo which was delicious (aka tuna carpaccio as a comparison fyi) as an appetizer. As for the rolls, the only memorable one that is all over yelp and pictured everywhere is the broad street roll which is that salmon roll you see with the beautiful filters. I thought it was unique in that it had no rice and the fish was fresh but other than that I am not sure what I was expecting. If you want romantic lighting with your sushi and date, here is your place and it caters to the area!
What a beautiful restaurant with great food!

My partner and I came in on a random Tuesday evening for dinner. I made a reservation via OpenTable. The space itself is beautiful and sleek - with a lot of nice accents (a lot of wood and natural textures.)

The food was delicious, too. We ordered:
- Tuna Bar Ginger Salad (larger and more substantial than expected)
- Stir Fried Soba Noodles (great flavor and a generous portion, too)
- J&J Roll (our favorite of the two rolls - would definitely order again)
- Peppered Tuna Roll (still good, but probably would skip in favor of trying something else next time.)

Service was very attentive and very friendly. A nice spot overall!
Sooo good. Everything we got was delicious. Big fan of the Mai Fried Rice. The creamy rock shrimp was a pretty small order for $12 though. Cutest little spot in old city!
I'll start by saying that I'm a bit of a sushi snob. I lived in California for a long time and the sushi there was on another level and I've really struggled to find a place in the Philadelphia area that can compare. We live about an hour outside of the city, but we heard about Tuna Bar and had to come check it out. I'm glad we did, this is the best sushi I've had in a very long time and I couldn't be more impressed. The owner, Ken, came to our table and introduced himself and made recommendations for what to try on the menu. We ended up ordering several appetizers and then a ton of sushi to share and it was fabulous. I'm usually just stick with sashimi and sushi, and skip the rolls, and I finally found a place with excellent fish that doesn't need to be drizzled in spicy mayo or eel sauce to taste good. I'll be a regular here now!
We just had the most awful experience at this restaurant. We walked in to check in for our reservation, and the rude hostess alerted us that her system was telling us that we had canceled our reservation. Uh, no we didn't. We proceeded to tell her that we did no such thing, and that the system had made a mistake. Instead of being apologetic or even just polite, this woman went on to be extremely rude and condescending telling us that her system was not wrong and that we had canceled our reservation and they would not be able to seat us. She did not try to mediate the situation in any way, but told us that we had to leave. I can't even properly put into words how rude and unaccommodating this woman was. We will never be returning here ever again. This restaurant won't last in the packed Philadelphia dining scene with disgusting behavior such as this. Please - if you are looking for a quality sushi restaurant in the area with respectful staff, head somewhere else.
Came here for the first time on a Sunday evening for birthday dinner and my boyfriend and I were blown away! It was a beautiful day and there was outdoor seating available, but they also take away part of the wall to the inside to merge some of the outdoor seating with the in. 

Now on to the food. All in all we ordered Grandmom's wonton soup, the Soba Noodles, and the Wentz, Sindy, Rittenhouse, Dragon, and Spicy Scallop Rolls. Everything was delicious! Now we're no Japanese cuisine experts but my boyfriend said that was the best wonton soup he's ever had. The soba noodles were very flavorful and tender and all of the rolls were to die for. Every roll was unique and delicious but we agreed our favorite was the Sindy roll. Instead of it being wrapped in soy paper or seaweed it's wrapped in thinly shaved tuna. Something we had never seen before. 

My boyfriend had only casually mentioned it was my birthday in front of the host but the host was keen enough to pick up on that so the chef made us a small raw fish appetizer that was to die for and since we hadn't saved room for dessert our server, Dori, brought us over two small dessert drinks before we left. Very thoughtful and sweet on everyone's part! 

P.S. This spot is also an easy and quick walk from the waterfront.

P.S.S. They have a specialty roll for dogs! You can bring your pup and order them a "sushi roll" that has all dog friendly ingredients in it.
Saw a review from Fox29 and had to give it a try! Love the atmosphere, trendy and vibrant! Quality of food is on point, service super friendly! Love the non rice options for rolls! If you are in the Old City area, must give this place a shot!
Great food, great service, and pretty environment. This place has one of the best "rice" free sushi options I have had called The Geisha! It comes in rolled cucumber and is phenomenal. Also recommend getting the fried oysters...slightly embarrassed to say we ate her twice in one weekend - parking is almost non existent in old city and at this place so I would recommend taking a Lyft or walking.
Super unhappy with my latest experience.  This place has a great vibe and decent food BUT.  Some examples - ordered a Basil Hayden bourbon on the rocks. Listed at $15 on menu. Getting the check, I noted it was $18.  The bartender said it was $15 in a mixed drink at 1 ounce but on the rocks they charged $18 for 1.5 ounce.  Two things.  Deceptive to list lower price if you can charge a higher one and secondly, who the heck serves 1.5 ounces of liquor?  I have lived on the east coast for years and know the average pour is 2 ounces.  Another thing is we were told they serve inferior grade fish within the rolls compared to the sushi or sashimi...strange but in the hundreds of Japanese restaurants I have been to, I have never heard that!  Won't be back.
Came in here with my boyfriend on a Friday night. We were seated along the back wall next to the kitchen which was kindof cool. The service and sushi were amazing.. love the ambiance in here. Only con was the price of the dinner.. but its great food!
Super fresh sushi and sashimi. Great interior design. Service was fantastic. We had several rolls (the broad street was a standout), lobster fried rice, sashimi, miso soup and salad. Our waitress  gave us a free piece of green tea cake. Delicious!!
As you enter the restaurant, you are greeted with a very modern and eco friendly decor. The host greeted us warmly and took us to our table. However, this was the turning point in our dining experience. We ordered the Fried Oysters, J&J Roll, and 2 sets of the Large Omakase Sushi set. During our ordering process, we had asked the server how many pieces of sushi come in the small and the large sets for the omakase and they responded with 5 and 10 pieces respectively.

The fried oysters we received came with very little sauce and when we bit into it there was a squirt of seawater and kind of fishy taste to it.

The J&J roll was well seasoned and each roll had a good balance of flavors and sauce. However, when you eat the fish laying on top, there was almost no flavor and almost had a hard texture to it. Something one wouldnt expect when eating raw fish.

The omakase came out with 8 pieces instead of 10 pieces as stated previously. The excuse we received was because we got to eat Otoro (fatty tuna). There was also no explanation of each piece nor sauce that we received. The sushi itself was something that you would expect out of a supermarket sushi bar, premade and refrigerated.

Overall, for the price paid compared to the quality of service and food that you receive, I would not recommend this restaurant. I would give the Tuna Bar a 2/5.
The best for sushi and non-business lovers. 
Food and service was just amazing!
I will definitely be back.
I have been here three or four times and have had nothing but great experiences. The drinks are great, and the sushi is always fresh. It is a little bit on the pricey side but worth the money! My boyfriend and I were walking by one night without a reservation and they accommodated us at an outside table since it was a beautiful night. Just as we got our food it got very cold and windy and they quickly moved us to an inside table even though it was a little crowded. The chef is so friendly! He stopped out our table one night while we were dining here and took time to explain that night's fish specials and came back later to make sure we enjoyed his suggestions. Overall this restaurant has great food, great service and a great atmosphere!
I had high hope on this fairly new but seems popular restaurant. So I went there on a Friday night with a friend of mine. 

At 7:30pm, It was very crowed, fortunately we made a reservation. We were seated quickly by the window. The server was friendly and nice. Each of use ordered a drink. I ordered Lychee - it's a $15 cocktail. The drink was plain and I could barely taste alcohol. For the price I pay, I would expect a fantastic cocktail. Who wouldn't? 

Then it comes to the sushi. We actually also ordered a fried rice. It's very average fried rice, like the ones you can get in Chinatown for $8. But you pay double of the price in this "fancy" restaurant. The sushi was ok. Just ok. I'm a sushi lover, and I've tried many sushi restaurants, good and bad. The sushi we had was just average. Didn't blow my mind at all.

Overall, this restaurant is over priced for the food, but I must give credit to its ambience, very modern and romantic. They also have outdoor seating. It's a good restaurant for a date night, but don't expect good food.
After loving on the west coast for over 20 years, I admit I'm a sushi snob. From the quality of the fish to the rice to the wasabi, it all counts and Tuna Bar hits on all cylinders (the wasabi is freshly grated). I'm looking forward to trying the other dishes as well but I'm sure they will deliver as well.
Hard to find a sushi spot with good quality ingredients. Service was amazing as well. The waiter accidentally forgot to take one of our orders and later gave us complementary dessert to make up for it! Got the Fishtown roll, dynamite white tuna, and green tea cake with chocolate ubé ice cream.
Food was ok but definitely overpriced. Also they have no high chairs for patrons with children. I think tuna bar is trying to be like morimoto but falls very short.
I found this spot who had some interesting sushi rolls. So, we went over to check it out. With the wall facing the street being all windows, the inside was flooded with natural light. They had a quite large sushi and bar counter in the middle, with seating all around it. They also had small two-person booth seating on the side as well. Very clean decor, I am glad they didn't put up any kind of cheap or fake Asian "artworks" on the wall.

We ordered an appetizer and side dish to go with our sushi rolls. We chose Creamy Rock Shrimp, Lobster Fried Rice, Sindy Roll and Old City Roll. All in all, they were all very tasty, high quality and we enjoyed them very much. Yes, everything was perfect until we ordered some desserts... 

Since they didn't have a dessert menu, we ordered Tree Cake and Green Tea Cheesecake based on the description of the dessert that our waitress gave us. 

This so-called Tree Cake...I call it "rip-off" cake. Our waitress described it as a cake made with almond, egg and butter. When it came out, I was shocked what it really was... If you are familiar with a common and popular sweets in Japan, one of them is called Baumkuchen which is actually a German layered cake. They can be purchased from most bakeries and stores, and not so pricey unless you go to some fancy boutique to get it. The cake we were presented with, in my opinion, was store-bought, and sliced as thinly as possible. For $10, you can buy an entire cake!!! Very disappointing... And on top of that, it was dry (with these thin slices being cut off from the cake, I wonder how long it has been since the cake was first purchased?). And if that is not enough, we were given spoons to eat this...why? I don't know...

Our waitress was very friendly and polite, and we were well taken care of. Everything we had, other than the Tree Cake was great. High quality and tasty, a bit on pricey side, but that comes with the quality. I wish if we made a different choice with the dessert. But then, you live and you learn. If you go there, avoid the tree cake!
I made a reservation based on the previous reviews of Tuna Bar for Valentines Day almost 2 weeks in advance. The night before the reservation (tonight) the hostess called me and informed me that they would only be offering the chefs tasting menu. 

There was no information on Open Table or their website about this restriction, and I just checked again and still nothing. 

While I am usually ok with tasting menus, my purpose for booking the restaurant was just for the sushi. 

When I called back to express my concern, the hostess offered a weak apology and did not try to help resolve the situation. I am now forced to scramble the night before Valentine's Day to make a reservation because of their lack of communication. 

Because of this, I will probably not visit this restaurant in the future as I am beyond upset at how the restaurant handled the situation.
I loved the sushi and the drinks. The quality of the fish seems very good. I can't wait to come back again. What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!
Food was amazing and service was great! Drinks arrived quickly and tasted so good. Also loved the atmosphere!
The atmosphere/decor: 4 stars 

Service: 4 stars 
Our soy sauce pod was empty and we told one of the servers, he switch our pod with the empty table next to us lol...i don't know why he didn't refill it ‍ 

Food: 3 stars 
We ordered the sashimi sampler, japanese uni and toro (my fav) but was disappointed. The "freshness" was average. I don't know how they have a 4 star rating. We also ordered the scallop crudo as an app but they ran out of all the ingredients that went with it (i order that app because of the ingredients). They made it with completely different ingredients and the flavors did not go well together in my opinion. 

I don't think i would return for dinner or recommend anybody to come here if you're looking for good sush.
Very nice environment, the setup is pretty intimate. They have a pretty decent selection of rolls to choose from and a solid drink menu. I'm glad it's around the corner!
Tuna bar was fantastic! We went with friends and were impressed with every dish! The ambiance was really nice. Finally, a great sushi place in old city!
Very disappointing to have to give this place 2 stars considering I live across the street and really wanted to like it here. We dined in on a Sunday around 6pm. The place wasn't very crowded and there seemed to be an abundance of servers, but we sat waiting at the table for about 15 minutes before the waitress even came to fill our water. We ordered right away and the food came out relatively quickly, but nothing really wowed me. We started with the fried brussel sprouts which were tasty but not as good as ones I've had elsewhere (I'm looking at you, Sampan). I had miso soup which was fine but served in a large bowl and filled not even a quarter of the way. Definitely not worth the $6. We shared the lobster fried rice which was okay- not an abundance of lobster and a consistency that made it very difficult to eat with chopsticks. Finally we got 3 sushi rolls (2 house rolls and a special roll). They were tasty but not spectacular and had a tendency to fall apart easily. I did appreciate the presentation of the rolls served on a large wooden platter. All together our bill was $70 (no drinks) which was definitely not worth it for what we received. Overall it was overpriced and nothing special. I will say the ambiance was nice however the music was a bit too loud. I probably will not be going back.
I went here for NYE.  Beautiful space and I've been so excited to go to Ken's new establishment.  Tuna Bar is the highest quality sushi I have ever eaten in Philly.  The dishes were truly authentic, amazingly fresh and the service was excellent.  I can't say enough great things.  Good luck to them and I will be back many, many times.
First let me start by saying I AM STILL THINKING ABOUT THE FOOD!!!! I absolutely love sushi, but when you add an awesome location, fabulous and trendy decor, reasonable prices and outstanding service, you've got a GEM!!! Ok so my sister and i decided to have a sushi lunch date and I'd been hearing about this place and how amazing the ambience and sushi was, not to mention I follow this IG page and the pictorial post are always so mouth watering. Anyway, once we stepped into the restaurant I was immediately impressed and knew we were in for a treat, once we were seated and began glancing over the menu, my mouth began salivating immediately! OMG!!! The options are endless and my inner greedy girl wanted to order EVERYTHING off the menu! We however opted for the brussel sprouts, fried oysters and the tuna tartare as our appetizers, all were to die for delicious! We chose a few sushi roll options to split and as stuffed as i was that inner greedy girl savored every single bite, till it was all gone!!! I could really eat here EVERY day! The sushi is so fresh and good! I can honestly say, the best I've had! What an absolute GEM! This restaurant is good for any occasion (date night, girl's night, single girl night) it doesn't matter, you'll totally be blown away!
We came here tonight just for a date night. We started with some basics of edamame and tuna tartare, the tartar took me back to California, the taste of fresh ocean and soft creamy avocado was just to die for. Then we had some creamy rock shrimp that had a tiny bit of spice at the end which was pretty good too. We also had the Miso soup which was one of the best miso soups we've had. This was followed by our version of surf and turf where we had sushi rolls and their steak. We were nothing but satisfied with all of the flavor profiles we were able to enjoy during this entire meal. If you get a chance please check this place out they also have amazing cocktails.
Finally made it here for happy hour and will most certainly be back.

Not the biggest HH food selection consisting of only 3 rolls and 3 appetizers, but the 3 appetizers were all tasty and I would recommend them: chicken and shrimp dumplings, well seasoned edamame, and shrimp cocktail at $1 per jumbo piece. Also, the sake was cheap on HH and went down a little too easily. 

Outside of the HH menu, my group also tried the Brussels sprouts (good, but not on the level of San Pan/Double Knot), and I had the Wentz roll with shrimp tempura, spicy crab salad, and avocado. Loved it! 

They have great outdoor space that opens up through the restaurant. It was a particularly hot and humid evening so we opted to sit indoors near the opening instead.
Tuna bar is always great!! Great drinks, food, and ambiance. It is definitely high end sushi so has the price tag to follow but it is definitely worth it to me. Any piece of sushi you get here will be great and it has the best rock shrimp too. Will be coming back for future special occasions to come!
I recommend this place if you want an Instagram worthy dinner, not too hungry, and have tons to spend on your budget for dinner.

We came here on a freezing cold nights and had indoor seating in a packed restaurant. Ambience was great but you cannot hear the third person on either side of you because it was so loud. The server didn't come for 15 minutes at least to follow up on our orders every time, So it took us 30 minutes to get our order in after sitting down.The rolls were good, but instead of the usual eight pieces I would expect for this kind of special doll price, they only came with seven and were small on top of that. Appetizers were extremely small and I think there was four pieces of shrimp and a $12 rock shrimp appetizer, each one barely 2 g in weight. Well this is a great place for a date or a girlfriend hang out with tons of martinis, we ended up getting cheesesteak afterwards because we were still hungry.
Great fish quality with prices that are a steal. Beautiful warm atmosphere with very at tentative wait staff. Our waiter apologized for the food being late and gave us complimentary edamame and miso soups. The chirashi bowl had over 20 pieces of fish and the variety was great. Definitely savored the fattiness in the tuna sashimi. Would highly recommend this place! Good job Sushi Hachi!
Service was great - trendy spot in Old city! They have plenty of seating for any size group. There's the sushi bar as well as a full alcohol bar with seating to be at. There are small 2 seater "booths" that would be cute for dates  as well as large tables that have a mix of a sofa seating as well as chairs. 

They do take opentable reservations! However, when we got there, it wouldn't have been an issue to get a table - but we also went at 8 Pm on a Wednesday:) 

Starters:

Blood orange fluke - best part of the meal. The fluke was so gooood and went really well with the capers, blood orange, and radish pieces! I couldn't get enough! A must ORDER!! 

Rock shrimp: this was good as well!! I liked it because it wasn't coveredddd in sauce or heavily fried. It was the perfect balance of sauce and batter  - there was radish pieces as well - which I loved! Gave it a nice, refreshing crunch to your bite. 

Lobster rice - this was just your usual fried rice ... with lobster and mushrooms. Some at my table said it was too salty - I think it was the mushrooms - but the rice itself was decent. I'd order it if I wanted fried rice ‍

Soba noodles with shrimp - this was good too. My pick over the rice, actually. However, we had this after the rock shrimp and fluke - and those seemed to be the best! 

Sushi: 

Sushi was decent. But nothing heavenly delicious. I have yet to find a good sushi place in Philly  however, the starters were really good, which would make me want to go back and try the other dishes besides the sushi. Sushi wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing either. But good place to go to take care of that sushi craving! 

The sushi that we tried....

J&J : this was the best out of the 3 we got. It tasted fresh and flavorful. It had a bit of a rich taste which made you feel full after 2! 
Broad street: this was okay. Too many ingredients made the sushi feel soggy and the flavors didn't seem to have .... flavor. Just wasn't a good combo, in my opinion.
Dynamite : your typical rollllll- which isn't a bad thing. Smaller than the first two, good to have a traditional roll with your specialities!
This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I are huge fans of sushi and decided to come to Tuna Bar to celebrate Valentine's Day. We were so glad we did! We ordered the creamy rock shrimp as an appetizer and it was small but fantastic, highly recommend! We shared the Rittenhouse roll, Fishtown roll, and Broad Street roll. All were fantastic! The place had great ambience and was a perfect date spot.
I took my Danish friends here since they came to visit Philly. Convenient location for us who lives in the old city. The atmosphere and the service are always nice. Food is good. Mr friends said it was the best experience they had. So I am satisfied. Thanks, Tuna Bar! I think their food improved after covid. Since I lived in Japan half of my life and another 10 years in nyc, I won't say it was the best of the best. But for Philly, I say Tuna bar passed the test:)
I was anticipating the opening of Tuna Bar and went here right after it opened and had some amazing rolls. The place has a very nice atmosphere.
Ambiance is nice, it is very modern and trendy. The menu is a little plain, not a lot of variety in choices and prices are higher than elsewhere. I would have liked to see more nigiri platter or chirashi/don type choices. That said, the Sindy roll was probably the only roll worth coming out of the way for. The appetizers were just okay.
I was happy that Tuna Bar had indoor seating as an option! Everything was nicely spaced out and clean! Our waiter was very friendly even though our rolls seemed to take a long time coming out. The miso soup was Luke warm but good. The rolls were delicious! The speciality rolls were creative and yummy. The King ghidora roll was by far the best! Slightly spicy and super fresh! Tuna bar is a great spot and I've been several times- last night wasn't their best but the rolls are worth it!
Food was good, our waitress was wonderful but the manager was extremely rude. I absolutely cannot respect a restaurant where the manager is rude. I had to ask twice (over a three hour period) to have someone add toilet paper to the bathroom... how is that possible ??? The second time I went  to the bathroom, I was obviously a bit frustrated given the fact that I had already notified an employee and the restaurant wasn't packed. Instead of being understanding, the manager was SO RUDE and defensive; making up excuses, etc. It was baffling... Figure it out and refill the bathroom with toilet paper ??? Anyways. Food is great, management sucks. There are other great sushi places in Philly with management that isn't rude.
