Last week I'd dinner with dear friend who once again came visiting from Austin on business. Since we aren't worried about parking I usually go to my list of "must try" Center City restaurants. 

Service 6/5
Management and staff bent over backwards to make sure we were well taken care of w/o being pushy.

Food 3-5/5
Bread service 5/5
It was lovely- two hot, perfectly baked rolls served in a little paper bag- so cute!
Salads 3-5/5
I enjoyed mine but dear friend did not enjoy her salad . She ordered the wedge and neither of us noticed that hers included cucumbers which for her are a no no and you couldn't pick them off they were finely chopped and all over it. She didn't send it back but the waiter cleared a practically uneaten plate. I finished my huge salad and gave her a nice helping she didn't really eat that either. I think the cucumbers put her off salad completely.
Salmon 6/5
Grilled salmon with crispy smacked fingerling potatoes and sautéed spinach was perfectly cooked. It is a solid reliable dish. It's a great default dish and a huge portion too. 
Squid ink pasta with shrimp 2.5/5
This was a huge portion too. I'm not sure what the shape/type of pasta it was but it was definitely squid-ink colored but my friend couldn't taste the squid ink. I'm not a fan of squid ink so it was okay to me even though the texture of the pasta was unusual. She didn't enjoy it . I thought it was loaded with a generous portion of shrimp. it just wasn't my thing and she didn't enjoy it. Manager took the practically uneaten fish off our bill.

We had potent spirits and I recommend the drinks including the wine.

I would definitely return but I'm not sure my friend would.
Decided to stop in for dinner during CC restaurant week with the hubs.

Twenty Manning is conveniently located on the corner of 20th & Manning st.  Super quaint section of the city. On a warm fall evening the bistro tables out front were full with happy customers.

We made an 8pm rezzy and were seated immediately by hostess in a corner booth like section. Great seat for us because this is an open venue and was great for watching the bustle. The interior is bistro like with oversized photos of pups (love) and bright yellow booths and table alike. White washed walls. A more casual vibe that we like. 

Our server Matt was awesome! Super friendly, efficient and all around nice guy. 

We started our First Course with the Everything Wedge Salad...soo good! Round portion of iceberg wedge not overwhelming to eat and topped with everything bagel goodness. Was one of my favorite wedge salads.

For our Second Course my hub had the Grilled Prime Berkshire Pork Chop and I had the Pan Roasted Scottish Salmon with spinach and fingerling potatoes. The pork chop was great according to the hub. Salmon was cooked perfectly, although the potatoes were dried out, I had plenty of food with Salmon and spinach.

For our Third Course I had the Flourless Chocolate  Cake and the hubs had the Pumpkin Cheesecake with Caramel. Both were so yummy gooey and delicious. 

Overall a nice representation of what Twenty Manning has to offer. We will definitely go back for regular menu!
I have to give a shout out to Twenty Manning for taking excellent care of our group for my mom's birthday in July. I had booked a reservation in advance, and included a note that we would be celebrating my mom that night. We arrived and were shown to our table, which was close to where the front windows are - the best spot for people-watching! 

We ordered a bunch of plates to share. Some were great while others were just so-so. But, I chose Twenty Manning specifically because their menu is very approachable and offers something for everyone. Sometimes, that's all you need! Our server was excellent and she was on point with beverage recommendations. 

We decided to skip dessert, but were treated to a round of fruity shots for my mom's birthday - hers came with a candle! This was such a sweet surprise and really made my mom feel special. The host (or possibly GM?) who was behind this was so incredibly lovely - I noticed him greeting regulars by name, and he was just really exemplary in terms of customer service. We all gave him hugs on our way out the door! 

Twenty Manning was the perfect choice for this special night out, and I'd recommend it for small groups or for small plates and drinks!
Twenty Manning Grill, not to be confused with Twenty Manning of yestermonth, is excellent!!! 

I was actually on a powerwalk with my pregnant friend and she got hungry....again... so lucky for us, we stumbled upon Twenty Manning Grill, which happened to be in the middle of its soft opening.

We slid right in and had a delightful experience.  From the first encounter with the very well seasoned host, to our quirky waiter with a pig tatooed on his forearem.

The food is something to write home about.  My friend had crispy brussel spourts with shaved parmesan cheese and a gazpacho to die for!!  The pineapple sorbet in the middle of the gazpacho really took it to the next level.  

I had an amazing strawberry/berry crumble.  It's the first time I've been excited to have more berry than crust... that's how fresh these berries were!

The prices, by the way, are super reasonable for Rittenhouse... I was actually a little shocked.  

This was quite a serendipitous snack!
Twenty Manning Grill is bright and happy, with lots of white, yellow and wood fixtures. My party of three settled in at the bar for a pre-dinner drink to take advantage of the happy hour specials. Glasses of wine are $7 during HH (excluding premium glasses) and draft beer is $3. Not too shabby, but I'd love to see a reduced price cocktail or two get thrown into that mix. 

Next, we were seated for dinner. Our attentive server made recommendations, asked questions and offered a taste of the tomato bisque we had all been eyeing up on the menu. He brought a bread basket with small ramekins of butter, coarse salt and radishes. The bread was crusty and perfect - except it contained fennel seeds (which I loathe). My friends were quite happy, though, and I enjoyed the radishes. 

To start, we shared the butternut squash ravioli, which had been recommended. Three large ravioli were presented, perfect for our threesome. The dish was tasty, with loads of squash filling and a nice brown butter sauce, but it didn't blow me away. 

For dinner, I went with the tomato bisque and the iceberg bleu salad. The soup came in an enormous bowl with some crostini in the center. It was rich, hearty and had a perfectly tangy tomato flavor. The salad was basically a take on a traditional wedge. It came smothered in a little too much blue cheese dressing. There were bits of bacon and slices of cherry tomatoes and radishes. Despite the name, there were no blue cheese crumbles, which I was slightly disappointed by. I'd possibly order this salad again with dressing on the side, but I'd more likely try the chop chop salad instead. 

For dessert, a cup of coffee (fresh and smooth) and a shared half-baked chocolate chip cookie with a dainty scoop of vanilla ice cream topped with a swirl of caramel. The perfect sweet ending to a meal with two of my favorite ladies. 

Despite the rainy, mid-week night, the restaurant was packed by the time we left. While I wasn't blown away by my meal as a whole, I did enjoy the things I tried and there were other items on the menu I'll return for.
I was in Philadelphia for the night and wanted to get a bite to eat with some friends so we decided to stop off at Twenty Manning Grill. 

Coming in, Twenty Manning Grill has large bar action and it was packed with people even on a Monday night. In fact, I ran into somebody that I actually knew at the bar. 

While the bar was packed, the restaurant itself was fairly empty, but it was a Monday night. Soon after sitting down, we quickly placed our drink orders. I decided to go with a pineapple juice and soon after that we ordered our appetizers and entrees. I decided to get a salmon poke as an appetizer and got the hamburger for my entree. 

Oddly, one person in my party who got fish tacos for an entree ended up getting it for their appetizer. Thankfully, the staff at Twenty Manning Grill were very nice about the situation and made fresh tacos for their dinner. 

For my appetizer, I got the tuna poke, which came out after a bit of a long wait. Oddly, almost 2 minutes before we got our food we got our bread, which we had been waiting for after 20-25 minutes. The poke itself was very large and filling for an appetizer. It was made out of a rice base topped with a large amount of salmon and avocado. The rice base was large enough that it went perfectly with the slightly salty salmon and the distinct avocado taste. 

Almost immediately after finishing my appetizer, I got my entree, which was a hamburger. Similar to my appetizer, the hamburger was pretty huge and was close to a half pound of meat. The patty was made up of braised rib and brisket. Unfortunately, I asked for the burger with just tomato, but cheese was still put on top, which I was forced to remove. Otherwise, I thoroughly enjoy my burger, which was flavorful and juicy. The large pile of crispy fries on the side were also very good as they were nice and crispy. 

Service wise, 20 Manning Grill wasn't spectacular, but the server was still good and did a fine job. 

Altogether, 20 Manning Grill is a nice spot to grab a casual and tasty bite to eat in the Rittenhouse Square area.
Uh, what? You're an expensive place, you're supposed to have decent service. That means when I call to ask if you take reservations, don't say, "No, we're walk-in basis only," and then immediately hang up without a, "Bye, thanks for calling." Because I actually had a follow up question for you...

I know that this restaurant is incredibly busy right now, but, seriously? How likely do you think I'm going to go to your restaurant if you were so rude to me on the phone? Maybe the point is to discourage people from coming since the place is so overwhelmed.
Twenty Manning got a face lift!  It's all bright and sunny yellow.

I've been to TM Grill twice and only had positive experiences.

First visit: 2 days after opening
Tania, our server, was a little nervous but really personable and friendly.  My bf and I were out for a relaxing weeknight dinner - and in no rush - when we ran into a minor snafu.  My entree was incorrect.  That's fine, mistakes happen, but it's the way that TM Grill dealt with the situation that puts them a step above the rest.  

Tania immediately came over to apologize and took full responsibility.  She offered us our choice of salad (we already had an appetizer & brussels sprouts) and we declined.  We were happy to wait while sipping on our cocktails.

When my veggie burger did arrive, the wait was well worth it!  Served on a cutting board, with a fresh pickle & shoestring fries, this towering  burger was full of fresh vegetables and beans.  The mildly sweet, buttery roll went so well with the extra sharp cheddar.  It's messy, but it's one of the best I've tasted.  The bf devoured his half chicken.  

When we got our bill my jaw dropped.  $35 total!  We had 4 martinis and each had two courses for a total of $35?  They had comped both of our entrees because of the slight delay!  This was completely unnecessary because we ate both our meals, but the manager insisted the discount was for our inconvenience.  Of course we left glowing remarks for Tania at the table - and promised to be back soon.  

Visit 2: This week, outdoor dining with the pooch (I'll make this quick!)
We scored a comfortable two top table on Manning - perfect for any diners with dogs.  Brooklyn received a fresh bowl of water before we even got our drinks!

Our server was friendly, but he was obviously new and still learning how to time multiple courses.  Dishes I loved?  Brussels sprouts, roasted beets app (yellow & red) & the homemade veggie burger.  Dishes to skip?  The cheese plate - beautifully arranged with lots of fruit and honey, but skimpy on the cheese portions for the price.

We're sold on this new neighborhood staple as a solid place with fresh ingredients and strong drinks.
The fabulous, albeit slightly messy, homemade veggie burger has disappeared from the menu!  It's inferior replacement?  An equally messy, less original roasted veggie sandwich.

A soggy pizza here, a forgotten appetizer there, each visit gets slightly worse than the last.  I'm ready to keep TMGrill as a good cocktail staple with a great location, but nothing more.
So we went here for an impromptu dinner during restaurant week. Maybe it was because it was restaurant week but the food was pretty lack luster. The menu was Asian fusion heavy and they fell down on execution of these. Most of the dishes came with shredded daikon and carrots. This was reminiscent of the pickled ones that accompany a lot of Vietnamese dishes. Problem was they were not pickled or attempted to be pickled. Since they were so finely shredded this rendered them a tasteless addition to the plate. The portion sizing of the different plates was off as well. I ordered the charbroiled beef with rice noodles and got a huge bowl of food. My husband & MIL ordered the mushroom ravioli and got three sauce-less ravioli on a plate so it looked like an appetizer portion than entree. From glancing at the pork chop and burger portions from the adjacent table it looked like they were closer in size the the large bowl portion I had. Overall the food was on the bland side. The pickled veggies would have helped. 

There service was spotty. Good when we first arrived but as we got to the entree and then dessert course our table seemed to get forgotten. We got some sort of explanation/apology that our desserts got log jammed behind a large party order, but maybe I just missed this since I could see the entrance of the kitchen and it didn't look like it. I would forgive the service hiccups if the food was good but it was less than average so I don't think we will bother going back to order off their regular menu.
Lots of wood and white
Hearty meals for most budgets
Beautiful late nights

I'm very up in the air on Twenty Manning; one one side, it has a great atmosphere, a beautiful interior and a super friendly staff. On the other, aspects of the menu and quality are frustrating. It's worth the experience for sure, just don't expect five stars.

It's a great place to grab a few beers and a selection of starters at a sidewalk table when you're on the tail end of a warm summer evening but not quite ready to head home yet. It seems like after the typical dinnertime, this turns into a lounge with a few sports fans cheering on the late games.

Indoors, it's so clean and tidy, it's striking from the moment you walk in. Wood floors, white tin roof and windows everywhere except the bar and bathroom. It's a little loud with all the windows closed but not so loud it impairs conversation entirely; a mixed atmosphere somewhere between sports lounge and restaurant.

If you can, start with drinks at the bar. There's a single television to catch a ballgame, but finding a seat may prove difficult. Fortunately they have a rail bar that's nearly as comfortable as the big boy seats. Their beer selection rotates, with a small selection of drafts and 10 or so bottles. There's not a great deal of variety, as some of it is taken up by Amstel, Blue Moon, etc., but there's just enough to choose from if you're picky.

They also have a decent cocktail menu, but drink fast; all three of the drinks we got were served in tall glasses filled with ice, gaining watered down status in moments. They cater more heavily to the clear liquor crowd, but the Goldheaded Ben featuring rye is decent enough.

For apps, we opted for the margherita pizza and a few pickles. The pizza dough and crust were delicious, but the sauce was fairly bland. No discernible flavor in any particular direction other than standard 'eh, tomato.' The pickles were crisp and fresh, and definitely worth the pennies they cost if you're looking for a quick crunch.

The entrées were well received from everyone with whom I went, in particular the half roasted organic chicken. It was about as moist as any chicken I've had, and the accompanying mashed potatoes were delicious. Disappointing was the bison burger, which came out closer to well than medium rare as requested. It was pretty dry as well, even considering how thick it was.

The presentation from the kitchen has a simple, somewhat rustic style with lots of brown and white. The bread comes in a brown paper bag, and the burgers come on a slab of wood instead of a plate.

The menu has everything from $11 to $25, which makes it fairly accessible on most budgets.

Overall, there were a few things that kept this from being a top flight experience for me. The watery drinks, smaller than average bottle selection, bland sauce and overcooked burger all added up to an experience I wouldn't turn down, but would likely not recommended as high as other places close by.
Great outdoor location for late night drinks! 

I showed up Saturday night at 10pm with 6 other people. The hostess was very accommodating and pulled together several outside tables on Manning St for my group.

My friends and I enjoyed a huge variety of drinks from white cosmopolitans to classic 20 manning mojitos to something with gin and elderberry.  Each was reasonably priced (for top notch cocktails) at around $8.  I've often enjoyed their food but found it overpriced, but the drinks were just right.

The outdoor seating atmosphere was great - even when it started to rain - the awning covered our table and kept everyone (and their drinks) dry.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  This was a great place to bring out of town guests to experience Rittenhouse Square and Philly sidewalk dining.
I had a great experience here.  This is a style of venue that I really enjoy.  A smaller restaurant in a neighborhood setting than really represents the best dining metro Philadelphia has to offer.  

Food: Good menu selection and fantastic dishes.  I am a real duck and it was prepared very well here.  I gobbled this up in 10 minutes.  Good selection of cocktailes

Interior:  Beautiful interior.  It's a slightly louder venue but you can still converse easily. I find these types of restaurants to be more intimate as you can have your conversation with the comfort of the background noise.  

I like this place a lot and will be coming back to sample more of the menu
Not impressed.  I was really looking forward to my Restaurant Week reservation but now wish I went somewhere else.

Had the tuna sashimi appetizer--was really disappointed with the quality of the tuna--chewy and not fresh tasting. Most sushi restaurants in the area offer a much better version.  My friend had the crab cake appetizer--it was OK but nothing special.

For dinner I had the wild mushroom ravioli with sage butter--it was pretty good, but then again pasta, fried, in a sage butter sauce, how can you go wrong? Was a bit on the oily side tho...

My friend had the seared tuna for dinner, again, nothing special.

I did give it 3 stars, though, for the ambience.  It's a trendy, indoor/outdoor cafe feel which was fun to go with a friend.
Why are you eating here.

Seriously, why.  Did "friends" invite you out?  Then you need better friends.  Were you threatened by the previous Asian-influenced menu and decided to overcompensate by loving Food For White People?  Is the decor of Pub and Kitchen perhaps too much to take and you needed a place that is the interior decorating version of a warm bath?  In short: do you love the Barefoot Contessa?

Look, people: the burger was decidedly mediocre, the beer selection kind of appalling especially with Food and Friends right next door, and our friends got frozen vegetables.  That's not great dining, especially when there are so many options present nearby.  You can do better, Philadelphia.  I have faith in you.
Went there for dinner on a Tuesday with a good friend of mine

Things I enjoyed:
- The service! Everyone was super friendly, my glass was constantly full, all questions were answered, etc. Someone had mentioned in another review about walking in and being asked if we had a reservation, and their reply of "no problem" . That happened, but it was more of a check I think , for us at least

- The food! Their bread is delicious! :) I had the mac & cheese (Tuesday special) and it was fantastic! It was so filling and so absolutely wonderful. Tasty and comfort-foody in all the right ways!  The bread crumbs were toasty and crunchy and the peas added a little bit of a sweet pop.
   My friend had the veggie burger and loved it. 
PS the shoestring fries were very nicely done.

- Outdoor seating... I loved where we sat, plenty of space and it was nice outside! I was worried service would slow or we'd be forgotten, but no such deal...

- Draft selection. I love beer. I love Dock Street Rye IPA. :) Their other choices were good too! I just love IPAs the best.


Things I did not like as much:
- The chocolate cake. It just wasn't anything special. :/ A little too dry, a little too sweet. 

I would definitely go back and try some other sides/foods. It was a great experience and I want to go on a Monday and get the hotdog (A friend told me it was delicious!) or a Saturday for the Lobster potpie.
Well someone knows what they are doing, from the menu, to the service, to the ambiance, just a whole lotta yes for me! My friend and I had an absolutely delightful dining experience, the only thing I was sad about was that I havent discovered this place sooner! Matthew, the Assistant Manager, took such great care of us, and I swear, by then end, it felt the like three of us were new best friends. 

The photos of the dogs on the wall suggest a whimsical atmosphere, but with a killer menu. Lots to choose from, so naturally we had to go for a lot. I had the HEIRLOOM TOMATO SALAD - it was to die for. Such juicy tomatoes.... and my friend really enjoyed her ROASTED BEET SALAD. We then moved on to the main course, which we both had the CRAB CRESTE DE GALLO. Excellent dish with chunks of crab and just enough spice. To top it off, we shared the half baked cookie dessert. As someone who isnt a sweet fan, I was a fan of this! 

Definitely check this place out! Oh and a fun fact, they are dog friendly with their outside seating. May just have to have a mom/dog dinner date here one night!
I took my parents, who were visiting from North Carolina, here one night because it looked like a very nice place for some satisfying a delicious food.  We were seated and were the only people there (early dinner).  First surprise: the staff dress code.  Yea, it's hot in the summer, but for a place with a menu in the $20-$30/plate range, I expect better than ripped jeans and Hanes' Comfy Fit tees...at least match the elegance of the decor.

Our waiter came by a couple of times and razzed my Dad about a drink order, don't remember what exactly.  I was not amused.  The chef came by... nothing better to do since we were the only people there - wearing a dirty undershirt - with the waiter when we were ready to put in our food order.  My Mother was a little indecisive and the waiter was extremely pushy.  I understand that this is the north and people are jerks in general, and it's thought of as playful and fun, and apparently appropriate at fine-dining establishments.  However, my parents were visiting and the service here was pushing me to walk, much less leave any tip.  The food was decent, nothing good enough to bring me back.

Seriously disappointed.
Loved this place. Super loud, but the food was delicious.

We ordered the snails which came in a delicious soup broth, preshelled. We dipped our complimentary (3) slices of cracker bread and our bread basket bread in the soup, yum. The calamari was asian inspired I believe, with peppers. I think it was asian inspired, because that's the only reason I can think that they gave us, a table of three taiwanese patrons, chop sticks along with our forks. Or they were being low-key racist, but it's okay, the calamari was yum.

The Duck Confit was okay. The duck thigh and drumstick was good, although parts were a bit dry. It came on a bed of spinach with some red grapefruit and some type of delicious citrus glaze.

All in all, it was a good meal. I'd go back again.
20 manning is good, but it ebbs in quality, so I'm going on the low side for this ranking. We always order the calamari, but it is never the same. The salads (esp, the chopped) are boring.  However, they do have fun daily specials, and the organic chicken is one of our favorites in the city. It is also a great place for a drink, if you can score a spot.
Went here last night on a date after I told my boyfriend that he didn't have to go to my high school reunion if he took me out on a date.  This place was a lovely treat.  We don't go out to more expensive-ish places usually so this was a good choice.  

Let me just start by saying that they are not BYOB like their sister restaurant, Audrey Clair.  Had we known that we wouldn't have brought the bottle.  But we did and they said they had a cork fee of $5 so we were like OH GREAT and we had it opened.  Yeah but it wasn't $5 (we BOTH heard $5 very clearly) it was $35!  We got it down to $15.  Just word of warning.  There is also no prices on desert (which, idk if that's normal for a place like this?) but whatever.  Anyway, on to the food!

The olives are really delicious and you get a huge serving of them for $5.  Also the beet salad is really good, perfectly cooked, the balsamic they use is awesome.  My boyfriend got the regular burger and it was perfectly cooked and was really delicious.  I got the duck confit and asked for it to go on fresh spinach but it came on sautéed.  It's fine I ate it anyway.  Initially I thought the duck was a little dry but THEN I got to the heaven-on-earth sauce at the bottom and taking the duck, spinach, grapefruit and mixing it with the sauce was...omg.  So good.  It was divine.  It was so good.

Got lemon and pineapple/basil sorbet.  Both were great and a perfect little after-note to the dinner.

I gotta say they are super respectful of gluten and dairy allergies there.  So it was a perfect place for us to go since I've developed those allergies.  

Great date night spot, but just remember that they have a full bar (:
So, we've been to Twenty Manning several times in the past and, while I've always found the food to be fine, I've also always found the bartenders to be slightly on the snooty side.  However, the restaurant is less than a10 minute walk from our house, so we go there for dinner occasionally and I really want to like it b/c it has a pretty good atmosphere.  

On this most recent occasion we met a friend for drinks and decided to order dinner from the bar.  We were very quickly provided with bread and our appetizer....great!  Then 45 minutes later, we still had no dinner, after watching a couple  who were still seated at the bar when we ordered, be seated and have their dinner delivered to their table,  my husband gave up. After seeing this and went to the bar to settle our bill.  We were, unfortunately, charged for the dinner we never received.  While they reversed the charge without debate, the response was "we must have missed you".  That's it.  If someone has waited over 45 minutes for a dinner that never comes, and then are also charged for it, I don't think that's an appropriate response.  

We informed the hostesses, in a non-confrontational manner, and they were apologetic, but it was definitely an unfortunate experience, and we left hungry.  And it was made exponentially worse by the bartender's response to our informing her of it.  Poor showing, Twenty Manning and I doubt we return for a long time, if ever.
If you like incredibly dry fish, flavorless pasta, over cooked meat, and demeaning service then definitely come here.

My husband and I have been here several times in the past. We recently went with my family, but I unknowingly booked during restaurant week. The fish was completely dried out and over salted, and the pasta was absolutely flavorless. It was really disappointing since my family was visiting from out of town. I chalked it up to restaurant week-they were overwhelmed, etc

A week later I go to the bar with my husband for a quick bite. We sat at the bar and had the most appalling service I've ever experienced. The bartender who served us was rude and demeaning. I mentioned I was vegan and asked if the falafel wrap had dairy and he said "I don't know, maybe". It's fine if you don't know but don't be a dismissive jerk about it. And when he said he used to be the bartender at Rouge we asked what type of food they served and he said "oh you know, whatever, everything". And then "well I don't know if you're old enough but restaurants serve all sorts of stuff". He also ignored us and talked to his 2 friends at the other end of the bar most of the time. It was like pulling teeth just to have a conversation. There was so much more but it's hard to get it all in one post.

I've never felt so terrible about the way I was treated. It's not that he didn't know about the menu or that he was slow on filling water, etc. It was how little he cared about us - as though we meant nothing as customers. 

The manger came by and while apologetic I felt like very little would change. Offering us a gift certificate is a nice token, but I'm not a pauper and I don't complain to get free stuff. I've given them several chances, and previously the restaurant was okay. Now with the new ownership the food and service has fallen dramatically.
Haven't been here for dinner in a long time so went back for Restaurant Week. They have an appetizer that is lamb wrapped in bacon that I highly recommend. For a lighter app, the calamari salad was great but was too large to finish. My entree was a thick and juicy pork chop with figs, Gorgonzola cheese, and Brussels sprouts. Delicious!!! It was cooked throughly without being dry. Best pork chop ever!!! See pictures.
My husband ordered the Monday night special, which was meatloaf. It doesn't sound amazing, but it sure smelled good! And he's pretty dang hard to please so the way he perked up after the first bite and kept trying to feed me some (he's very generous and I'm very pregnant so he always wants me to eat the yummiest things) really surprised me! He enjoyed it and a seasonal sour beer from Pizza Boy Brewery. I got the Scottish salmon which was pretty good. The fingerling potatoes were tasty but the spinach wasn't garlicky and very wet. In fact, there was cilantro in it, which I didn't notice on the menu, and it ruined it for me since I have those genes that make uncooked cilantro taste like dish soap in my mouth. Ambience was great. We've really missed east coast summer nights. The bathroom is no frills but clean and the staff is super friendly. Completely recommend.
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants for weeknight dinners or drinks. I have been coming here for 5 years, the food and service were once the most enjoyable in the city - and now you can expect overly salted dishes or dried out fish on their "fish of the day" night. Not to mention the horrendous service with slow, unknowledgeable waitstaff. And one of my biggest peeves: they leave empty and dirty plates in front of you for way too long. 

Twenty Manning is not what it used to be, perhaps a change in management in the last year has allowed what was once a gem in the Rittenhouse neighborhood to become a forgettable experience.
Terrible experience.

I went here with 2 friends the other night.  The food itself was not great.  I had a turkey burger which was very dense and heavy and felt like I was eating compacted turkey, with no other detectable flavors.  Still, not terrible, just not good.  The fries were soggy, but again not terrible and certainly not good.  The wine and beer selection on the menu was decent, but the beer my friend had ordered had already run out and was not available.  My friends' food was also "not great, not bad" (the scallop dayboat and the tuna sashimi).  Three stars for food. 

The servers meant well but were disorganized, inattentive, and clearly still getting their act together.  The hostess was fine, very polite.  However, the servers from the kitchen repeatedly brought food to the wrong table (they brought another partys' entrees to our table, and our entrees to another table - on two separate occasions!).  It took a long time to get our servers' attention to get the bill, and a long time for the bill to be brought once we requested it.  

The WORST experience was AFTER the meal!  I came home to find not one but TWO charges on my card - one for my dinner, and one for over $50 that I had not charged.  I called the next day, and was told someone would call me back.  No one called that day, but two days later someone called me and said that the $50 charge was a mistake on the part of the server, but since it was still "pending" that it would not make it to the final bill.  I checked the final bill, and the charge for my meal (significantly less than $50) was the one that was removed and the $50 charge had gone through!  I called back, and was told that the manager would call me by 5pm.  By 6pm when no one had called, I called again.  I spoke with the manager, and he said that this was "strange" as he knew the appropriate charge based on my bill, but never used the word "sorry!"  He said that he would refund the appropriate amount.  I asked if it would be possible to remove the charge completely for my meal given the time and inconvenience this had cost me.  He said "no" and that the best he could do was refund the balance.  He also said that he would call the bank to fix the charge, and then call me "right back."  I'm still waiting...and my online account still has the wrong charge on it.

This is really a shame, since I love Audrey Claire and have never had such a problem there.  Twenty Manning Grill has potential but still has some major kinks that need to be worked out.  That would be fine, but the kink that CANNOT be worked out is inappropriately RUDE customer service and LACK OF RESPECT for my time as well as my money.   I will NOT be back.
Good stuff! We thought we'd try it out this past weekend since it was newly renovated. It really wasn't that different from before, a coat of white paint over everything, and some new seating and tables, but the effect worked. It was much lighter and brighter and roomier. I like the new look much better. 

The menu was changed up as well. We all got very different meals, and all enjoyed them. Lobster potpie, steak frites, ahi tuna sandwich and a beef noodle bowl. We all cleaned our plates like good little eaters. Oh and the appetizers were delicious too. Calamari, a cheese plate, and pork dumplings set us off to a good start. My friends liked the beers they had and I downed my peach margarita like nobody's business. 

Overall, a nice change for Twenty Manning, and I will keep it on my radar for when I am in the area again.
Having passed it nearly every day along my way to work, for some reason I still do not  fully understand how or why it took me two years living in Philadelphia before stepping foot inside Twenty Manning.  

The atmosphere on a weekend evening inside is high in spirits and loud. The interior reminds me of something I can't really put my finger on, but it makes me happy.  It's the kind of place you could go have dinner and a glass of wine at the bar on your own and there would be nothing awkward about it.  

They have an extensive wine list and great starter plates, like their cheese spread or the spicy calamari.  On a warm night, you can sit outside and watch the Rittenhouse street traffic pass by.  Aside from being understandably pricey, you really can't go wrong.  After two  years in the dark about this place, I'm soon to be a regular whether my wallet appreciates it or not.
I LOVE Twenty Manning! I've been here numerous times. It's one of the few restaurants I always come back to. Their wasabi cream cheese is ridiculously good, their drinks are amazing. This is the perfect little restaurant for a romantic night out in Philly. 

I can't wait to go back!
Twenty Manning Grill for me is a culmination of fashionable and comfortable surroundings, great staff, and great simple food.  I can walk in any day of the week and will be greeted by Chef Kiong, have great conversations with staff and other interesting patrons and leave having both my appetite and my soul fed.  For me, this neighborhood restaurant has managed to provide that experience repeatedly, consistently, and with the warmth usually found only in a friend or at a family gathering. It is the pinnacle of the neighborhood eatery!
We went during restaurant week and had great service and enjoyed the menu. 

Then last night my friend and I decided to pop in for dinner. i was excited at the new menu. I had been craving a burger and I was excited to see a sexy burger on the menu.

So I ordered an iceberg salad cause I love bacon, blue cheese and overpriced iceberg lettuce. The dressing was meh. The bacon was sparse. The tomatoes were fab. The blue cheese? Hold up there was blue cheese? Not on my plate! i think maybe one veiny piece....but I had to dig. 

Our bread was awesome and so was the butter. Our waiter? Not so much. He had an awkward way of saying things like instead of saying "How is everything?" He said ,"Are you two happy?" Talk about a loaded question? What did he want me to say back to him? "No, I haven't been happy since I was 3yrs old? I hate christmas, I'm single, My nanny just died, the anniversary of my daughters death is in a few weeks and to top it off I stubbed my toe today" Seriously dude. Just ask me how my meal is. Never ask a 30-something jewish girl with her 40-something jewish friend if they are HAPPY! 

So my friend loves the chop salad a starter that survived the manning crossover. However, in the crossover they added a bunch of greens to it and lost the chop concept and last night they forgot to dress it. Another waiter brought us out extra dressing but really its a chop salad it needs to be tossed in it for the full effect. 

By the time my burger came out I really wasn't hungry. I nibbled on my fries which tasted like mc donalds which is both a compliment and an insult. My burger is currently in my fridge.

We also ordered the sprouts, I love me some brussels. Yet, they were overcooked and a little burnt. Not good, but my friend was hungry and polished em off. I would have sent them back, but I just didn't feel like going there.

My friend ordered the trout which she said normally is delish, but last night it was meh. 

She said when we left we wont be going back there because as a pescatarian she really doesn't feel like the limited options are worth it. 

I did feel it was pricey for the mediocrity we were served. 

I wonder if it was a bad night mixed with our bad waiter? Who knows? I won't be sending anyone here that's for sure there are enough wonderful options in the nabe anyway.
I've only been to Twenty Manning Grill a handful of times since moving to the Center City area almost two years ago, but the food was excellent every time. My boyfriend and I made reservations for 8 PM Saturday night (10/19) and we were seated almost immediately. Our waitress (I forgot her name, although I can't remember if she even said what her name was) was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. For our drinks, I ordered a glass of the Cabernet Sauvignon, while my boyfriend ordered a glass of Riesling. For our entrees, I ordered the wild Scottish salmon (cooked medium), which came with mashed potatoes and roasted Brussels sprouts. My boyfriend was hemming and hawing over which burger to try, and finally decided on the Bison Burger (minus the cheese, plus the bacon). For an appetizer, we decided to split the crab cake.

Here's the only reason why I'm subtracting a star...when I asked how big the crab cake appetizer was, she said it was a medium-sized crab cake with shredded apple slices (more like an apple "slaw"). My boyfriend remembered we shared this appetizer once before at this place, only there were two crab cakes. The waitress admitted rather shamefacedly that yes, the crab cake appetizer used to contain two cakes, but now there's only one. Boo Twenty Manning! How dare you downsize on a delicious appetizer? Don't get me wrong, it was still tasty, but I wonder why they chose to reduce the portion size? I guess people don't share appetizers often at Twenty Manning? Eh, whatever, let's move on.

My Scottish salmon came out perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the mashed potatoes had a hint of lemon flavor to them, which kept the salmon from tasting too fishy. Also, the Brussels sprouts were awesome. I've never been keen on Brussels sprouts, but these were expertly done: crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. My boyfriend even helped himself to some of them, and he's not a fan of Brussels sprouts either. As a trade-off, I sampled his Bison Burger...and loved it. He ordered it medium, but I was surprised at how juicy and tender it was, and the overall taste was superb, with just the right blend of spices to offset the "meaty" flavor of the burger. I also tried some of his fries, which reminded me of McDonald's (this is a compliment, by the way..I've always loved McDonald's fries, cholesterol be damned).

Our waitress tried to get us to order dessert, but we couldn't even muster enough courage to look at the menu because we were stuffed. So, alas, we bid Twenty Manning a fond farewell.

I still want my second crab cake. Grr.
This restaurant was outstanding across the board. We had about 20 people and the staff was extremely accommodating and incredibly patient and friendly. The restaurant fit us all easily and comfortably. The food was excellent, and I'm not easy to impress. Here are my typical restaurant category reviews...

*Atmosphere*: Extremely comfortable, homey feeling and inviting. It is kind of classically trendy. Not too loud, but open, airy, colorful, great pictures of dogs on the walls. The bar is very comfortable and inviting as well. I rate the atmosphere a 9.5 out of 10.

*Service*: Outstanding. Everyone was friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, prompt. Several servers took care of us. Each of them mentioned that any/all of them would help any/all of us, and that they were all dedicated equally to our experience. That was so great! We didn't need to wait for the person who took our specific order, everyone was super helpful and friendly. I noticed that each of them knew exactly who ordered what and each of them were willing to change or update anything we needed. The owner, Rob, was exceptionally friendly and genuine; terrific guy. I rate service a 10 out of 10.

*Food*: Fantastic, seriously, incredible,...not one or two things, every single thing we ordered, which was at least 15 different things, were all excellent. While I eat everything, I'm not always easy to impress on food alone. But honestly, everything we had here was excellent. Clearly very high quality ingredients, fresh, tasty, great spices and separation of flavors. There is no doubt that a real chef runs this kitchen, not a cook, a chef. Our group ordered things like the Chicken Egg Biscuit, bacon (amazing), different kinds of fries and potatoes, BLEAT sandwich, cinnamon roll, bread pudding French toast, omlette of the day and various egg dishes. Every dish, all of them, were stellar! The group also ordered several French press coffees. Now, I'm not a huge coffee guy, but I remember fresh Blue Mountain Coffee when I was in Jamaica and it was phenomenal. The French press coffee here at 20 Manning, while it wasn't blue mountain, was La Colombe and the closest any coffee has ever come to that for me. It was phenomenal and I wish I could have sat there all day drinking many cups; that's saying a lot for me as I don't often drink coffee. I was extremely happily surprised. I rate the food 10.5 on a 10 point scale.

*Overall*: The food, service and atmosphere at 20 Manning were all an extremely pleasant surprise. I rate it 10 out of 10 (rare for me).

Do I recommend you try it? ABSOLUTELY.

Would I return to 20 Manning if back in the area again (from over 2,000 miles away as I am)? UNEQUIVOCALLY YES!

While I like to try new places, I'd run back to 20 Manning and will make it a point to eat here again at my next opportunity. I recommend you do the same.
I love this place! It's one of my go to restaurants when people come to visit. The ambience is great and everyone is so friendly. There menu changes with the seasons which is nice. I had the pork chop with cheesey polenta. It was cooked perfectly and was plenty of food for 2 meals. We also got the calamari which wasn't that great, it was a little chewy it didn't seem fresh. The south philly wontons were delicious but a little spicy. Everyone enjoyed their food as always!
Overall: great experience but a few things could have been better given how expensive it is. Came with my parents who were visiting for the weekend.

Apps: ordered calamari and cheese plate. The calamari was fantastic - had a spicing that I've never seen paired with calamari before and it was great. The cheese plate had a nice spread with fruit, crackers, honey, and cheese, but sadly the 3 cheeses were disappointing.

Mains: Scottish Salmon: absolutely amazing, perfectly cooked, with a beet sauce that really added a nice flavor. Yellowtail Tuna: great flavor but was cooked almost all the way through - really more medium than seared. A bit of a waste for such a good quality fish. Ravioli: the only true disappointment of the night - literally three large ravioli on a plate. No sauce, no garnish, and pretty tasteless. How can you charge $20 for that??

Good service, great fish, but the ravioli needs to be taken off the menu.
I wanted this to be good.  I really enjoyed their other restaurant, Audrey Clair and wanted to check this place out.
Sat at bar to watch Phillies and have a quick bite.  They had US Open Tennis on and did not change it. With opening night of NFL and Phillies, the tennis did not cut it.
I ordered a salad for $12. Sounded good...4 types of lettuce, corn, peas, tomatoes. Had potential. Salad was huge and could have been a meal but tasteless and boring.
For my entree I had the Bison burger. I enjoy bison if cooked rare. Low fat, low cholesterol and usually as tasty as a good beef burger. Came rare (which is good) but on a big bun that was not soft. The burger had very little flavor. Yuck. And the fries, which I was going to go easy on anyway, were plain old average.
Top all this off with a drunk guy who would not back off. Told him to chill out but no luck. Left without finishing a very average meal. 
Let the host know on the way out that they should remove drunks from the bar. Bartenders need to take notice with paying customers.
A bad night.
I returned to Twenty Manning for the first time under its new management/chef during Restaurant Week... And my, how things have changed. 

Previously, I would have given Twenty Manning 4/4.5 stars for their pork chop dish alone - which was utterly craveworthy!!! From what I can recall, it had mashed potatoes, roasted brussel sprouts, a BEAUTIFUL chop cooked perfectly (glistening! moist!), with some blue cheese (umami! salt!) and figs for sweetness. Yum. 

The current rendition is just... sad. Pork chop over cooked. Fig "jus" too sweet and too much of it - set the balance off. Potato & brussel sprout "hash" = too much of one texture. And the potatoes were undercooked. The blue cheese butter separated within minutes. 

Noise level is also HIGH, it was difficult to hear my dining partner. And that got worse as the table of 12 bros next to us proceeded to get more and more drunk (and break glasses, etc.). Not my scene. 

Goodbye, Twenty Manning, and if your old chef ever reads this and is willing to pass on the recipe for the old pork chop dish, pm me!
Twas waiting for a rezzy nearby and decided to fly by or some cocktails and pre-dinner dranks! Place was BUZZIN! Packed on a Friday night. Great and quick bar service and fantabulous atmosphere vibes! Would def revisit for another drank!
---
TLDR

Twenty Manning has completely rebranded to be a Middle Eastern street food restaurant instead of the traditional American food it has been for the past decade.  While the food and service are fantastic, the pacing and atmosphere were a little underwhelming.  

Warning: Of particular note were the terrible, overpriced cocktails.  Do not order one unless you enjoy having half a glass of water.

Meal Length - 1:45 (Long)

---
Food

The food at Twenty Manning has always been good when it was an American restaurant and continues to be.  

We began our meal with two "bites", the Beets & Tehina, and a ground lamb special.  The beets & tehina was served with a decent in-house pita.  The beet topping was very flavorful, just the right amount of chunky, and paired very well with the pita. The ground lamb special came in a pastry and was topped with hummus.  The lamb inside was seasoned well, but was slightly overpowered by the hummus which was both on top and below the pastry. 

Following that, we tried the salmon skewer, which was fully cooked, but still very tender, topped with fresh herbs and pomegranate seeds.  For the $10 price, there was a considerable amount of protein and the tehina on the side was delicious.

For our entree, we ordered the Za'atar Chicken over a stew of sundried tomatoes, cracked farro, and sumac onions.  The chicken was nicely cooked and well seasoned, albeit slightly dry and paired well with the stuff underneath.

Finally, we ended with the Cookies & Cream, a freshly baked tehina cookie with creme anglaise.  It was perfectly crisp on the outside while being warm and soft on the inside and not overly sweet.

---
Service

Our server, Madison was friendly, enthusiastic about the menu, and helpful in picking dishes and an overall quantity of food for the meal.

Additionally worth mentioning is that the restaurant is actively seeking feedback on its dishes and experience.  We were asked a few times throughout the meal about how things were, any suggestions we might have, etc.  I very much appreciated this aspect and I'm sure it will serve them well going forward.

---
Pacing

The meal did drag considerably between the appetizers and the entree and between the entree and the dessert.  We probably waited a good half hour for our entree to come out after the apps came out quickly.  The dessert too took 10-15 minutes to arrive after we ordered it.  Considering it is freshly baked, this is understandable however.

---
Environment

The actual restaurant area itself leaves a lot to be desired.  Of particular note is a large, white neon sign which brightly illuminates the dining room.  It is almost entirely unnecessary, is blinding whenever you accidentally look at it, and does not tie in at all with the overall theme.

The tables are packed pretty close together and my chair bumped into the one behind it on multiple occasions. 

Finally, the overall dining area is very loud.  Once it gets crowded, the noise level spikes up considerably, to the point where it can be difficult to carry on a conversation.

---
Drinks

We began our meal with two cocktails: the Old Fashioned in the Middle East and the Za'atar Carrot Margarita.  Both drinks were very watered down, with neither having any significant bite to it, especially considering both an Old Fashioned and a Margarita are traditionally spirit-forward cocktails.  Additionally, neither cocktail really tasted of the additions listed.  For example, the Old Fashioned was listed as having cardamom, pink peppercorn, allspice, star anise, and black walnut, but tasted just like a standard (but watered down) Old Fashioned.  At $15 and $16 respectively, there is no excuse for what is being served.
I have a little bit of time before work and naturally I'm going to spend this time writing a yelp review instead of working on a presentation I have next week.

I ventured over to this place last night. I actually accidentally walked into the restaurant to meet my friend and his friends completely missing them outside. fml. embarrassing.

The drink menu has many options for cocktails, draughts, bottles, and wines. The best part about the menu actually is the drink names. "Don't be all uncool" and "I tried to make it nice". If you know where this shit is from DOPE! I was too embarrassed to bring it up to these new people. If you don't know, idk..try googling it. I just fact checked googling it and it works.

I went with the pilsner and then after ordering I noticed Guinness on the bottled side. That paired with this romantic story about how one of my fellow patrons met this guy on a recent trip to Dublin sold me on that shit. I can use a little romance in my life...hint, hint....

Throughout the evening, the service was great. Our waiter and other servers habitually came over to check on us. I never felt that I had to hunt them down. Waters were refilled. Refills were promptly brought over.

Sitting outside on this street was lovely as well. The day heat had simmered down and a nice breeze came through every so often. Great opportunities for people watching. 

Eventually someone suggested ordering food. I thought they'd never ask. We got calamari (not for me, obv) brussels sprouts, and the cheese plate. 

The brussels sprouts were DELISH. Not ideal for sharing because they're in big chunks, but they were absolutely amazing. If you didn't like brussels you probably would after eating these.  They were sprinkled with parmesan along with this very tasty sauce. I could always go for anything sprinkled with parmesan. Don't get any ideas.

The cheese plate contained a diverse display of contents. Figs, apples, crostini, grapes, honey, some itty bitty cubes of something sweet and orange I couldn't identify. And of course, cheese. Brie definitely, allegedly goat cheese although I'm skeptical because it was more hard than soft, and something else that was smokey. Here's my problem with the cheese plate. It was three tiny little wedges of cheese. How on earth are people supposed to share that shit? There's WAY more crostini than cheese. Not that it was an issue because I took care of that problem but the amount of cheese was very disappointing. Otherwise the cheese was delicious but when is it not? Also extra bonus points for not wasting valuable cheese real-estate on BLEU. I loved that shit before I found out what the blue stuff was. Ain't nobody got time for hyphae. Dangers for learning too much biology

I can't speak to the calamari due to my vegetarianism but my companions were disappointed in its texture. Something about being breaded or not being breaded or some shit along those lines. I was intrigued about that orangey dipping sauce. I do love a good sauce. 

Alright I think that covers everything. Excuse me while I go to work to clean out the candy bowl before everyone else. Ta ta.
I have only one word that I would use to describe Twenty Manning: uncomfortable. 

Two of us went for dinner at 7:15PM this past Saturday. It was about 90 degrees outside, so we asked to sit inside (thinking it'd be cooler, breezier, perhaps even air-conditioned). Wrong. It was stifling and swelteringly hot inside. There were only two windows open at the front of the restaurant and we were seated all the way in the back. There were only a few fans going so there was no air flow, the air was stagnant, and both of us were perspiring profusely. Further, we were seated in a corner booth with a table that was too small. There was a deep seam running down the middle of my seat (where our section of the couch met the next one), so I was extremely uncomfortable the whole time and had to keep shitfing to ease the resulting back pain. In addition to that, the water they served us (which took FOREVER to get) was room temperature, so that didn't do much to help us cool off. 

We couldn't tell the difference between waiters and bus boys and it took ridiculously long for us to be greeted in the first place. Our waiter was awkward and didn't seem to know what he was doing. I'm sure it didn't help that we were both feeling nauseous from the heat by the time we got it, but the food was terrible. I ordered the seared Ahi tuna and I couldn't finish it because #1, it wasn't seared, and #2 the flavors of the sides it was paired with were all over the place and did not mix together well at all (ahi tuna with pineapple risotto [terrible], cucumber salad and all covered with dill? eesh). My friend ordered a hamburger and I was surprised that he (an indiscriminate carnivore) didn't even finish his meal. We didn't bother sticking around for dessert because at that point we were both so dizzy we needed to get outside immediately. After all the great things I'd heard about Audrey Claire, I thought maybe we'd have luck at Twenty Manning, but I was wrong. Never again!
This is me an my boyfriends favorite spot. The atmosphere is great, especially for a date night. So far we have tried the TMG burger (my boyfriend almost broke up with me for the burger because it was so good), the pork chop, the short ribs, and the butternut squash ravioli. We have tried the Asian pot Stickers, crab cake, shrimp taco and calamari for appetizers. Everything was absolutely amazing both times we've been here. The calamari is great, but if you have a sensitive mouth like me it's a tad bit too spicy. The portions are a great size and the service is wonderful. When we went for restaurant week a few months ago, there was a carrot cake in the dessert platter. When we went last night I had asked for that but it was not on the menu anymore. I guess the chef had a big party the night before and the waiter was able to actually get me some that was left over, he was so nice. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, I have nothing bad to say about it, it's definitely my favorite in the city!
Great place to go for some fanci-fied American food. This is a perfect place for a date, work dinner or classy night out. Great atmosphere and service. The favorite dishes were the scallops with squash puree, as well as the deviled eggs. For dessert, definitely try the cheesecake. So light and fluffy, even for people who don't like cheesecake. There is a large menu that everyone can find something to enjoy! I was a bit disappointed they didn't have Moscato wine, but ah well, seems a lot of places don't!
This place is now my new favorite spot in Ritten House Square. The food was absolutely amazing we had heard a lot about it but wanted to try for ourselves. For once I'm actually happy I had listen to my friends. It is  definitely a must try if you are in the area.
To put it simply, Twenty Manning Grill could have been better when it came to certain things. The atmosphere inside is great, but it is a little overpriced for the portion sizes. I was about to order the Mushroom Ravioli, but I was warned that it was a little on the lighter side. By "lighter" side they meant 3 ravioli's, that's it. That didn't seem worth $17, so I did not get it. Instead my boyfriend and I split the Steak Frites and the Lobster Roll. The Steak and Frites had a nice taste and it was a good portion size, as it should have been for the price. The Lobster Roll, to me, was not worth it. Don't get me wrong it wasn't BAD, but there was nothing special about it either. I could go to Luke's Lobster and enjoy that more.

Besides the pricing of the food, our waiter was terrible. He was extremely slow. It took him forever to come over to us and to come back to check on us. I saw other waitresses/waiters walk by our table 10 times and did not see our waiter once in-between those 10 times. Also, he completely forget to give us our appetizer. The service is kind of what made the experience less enjoyable.
Headed over to Twenty Manning on Saturday night hoping for an enjoyable dinner at a great price (had the $50 for $25 Ruelala gift card). Overall, the meal was good and the experience was fine...very much a 3 star night.

I'd give the food a solid 4 stars. My date and I ordered the following: chop chop salad, pork pot-stickers, oysters on the half shell and the flash seared ahi tuna entree. The salad was huge and pretty tasty and the pot-stickers were great. The ahi tuna was also very good, served like the salad in a generous portion. The oysters were fine, nothing to write home about taste-wise, but were not properly prepared. They weren't removed from their "connector" (not sure what the technical term is), so we were forced to use our butter knives to separate them from the shells.

The service was okay, pretty attentive but also quite hectic. As other reviews have noted, the layout of the restaurant is bad. Tables of two are forced to sit within 6 inches of other two-tops, something that has always bothered me. And because the restaurant uses tiny water glasses (with no ice so it's almost always lukewarm, sort of strange) the wait staff is constantly having to refill them, so there's nonstop hustle and bustle surrounding all the tables.

When it was time for dessert we were excited to pick something out, only to have the waitress come over and plop the receipt on our table. Never asked if we were done, if we wanted anything else, if we'd like to have some coffee or see the dessert menu. This would have bothered me a little no matter what, but since we were planning on ordering at least one dessert it really annoyed me. We decided to just pay (would've been awkward to have to request the dessert menu ourselves and have the bill taken off the table and re-calculated don't you think?) and get dessert somewhere else. Not a great way to end the night, but on the plus side the total came to exactly $50 plus tax and tip (don't worry, we tipped on the full amount, not the $25 the cert cost)!
Came here for a late lunch on a beautiful Sunday with my girlfriend and our dog. The hostess and waitress were awesome! Food was good. We got the burger and falafel sandwich. I was surprised falafel sandwich didn't come with a side like a salad or fries considering that it was $14. But that's okay, next time I'll try something else. Overall it's a great spot for lunch.
I had high expectations going here.  I walk by this place often and see lots of people eating and having a good time.  However, I was very disappointed with this place for two reasons: 1) my food was terrible; 2) the seating arrangement is awful.  

Allow me to elaborate: 1) I ordered the veggie burger and was surprised to find that the buns are the most substantial part of the dish.  Inside of two gigantic buns was a very small portobello mushroom, some sloppy grilled onions, really large pieces of lettuce, and one sliver of a zucchini.  The burger was bland and the fries that came with the burger were very salty.  I realize that this restaurant isn't known for their veggie burger, but I finished my burger and thought aloud, "I wish I could've had a veggie Whopper."  This was the worst burger I've ever had in my life.

2) the seating arrangement is a joke.  We made a reservation and arrived to find a half-empty restaurant.  Our server sat us next to another tandem, in the corner of the restaurant.  Our tables were literally 4-6 inches apart.  This was painfully awkward.  It was almost like we were joining two random strangers.  This seating arrangement wasn't so bad once the place filled in, but for the 30 minutes we were there before that, it was awful.  It felt like we had to compete with the people sitting next to us to get a word.  The entire meal, I found myself unwillingly eavesdropping in the conversation next to us. 

I realize that there's a lot of hype around this place and that it's conveniently located.  However, there are so many fine dining options on the same block and immediately around the corner from this place.  I wonder why ANYONE would ever frequent this spot.
Outside seating in front of the big window gave me a chance to glance around the interior of 20 Manning at dinner Sunday night. Lots of wood and white made this space bright  and comfortable.We were sat promptly at an outside table and looked over the menu. Our server came over for drink order and Chris did the special beer sly fox rt 113 and I opted for a passion fruit margarita. The warm bread with butter, salt and radishes came out a few minutes later and we dove right in. After the 1st sip of my marggie I was hooked. The fresh passion fruit with the salty rimmed glass gave my palate a party and I was extremely happy with my choice. We started with the pot of moules and frites. This pot was over flowing with mussels sweet and hot from the garlic scented broth they were floating in. The pot is large enough for two to share and midway through I gave up and Chris polished them off. The frites could have used a little more seasoning but still really good . Entrees : Caesar salad for me a few hearts of romaine a  fairly bland dressing, I wasn't offered pepper but it seemed as though our server was knee deep in the weeds ( one of the managers was bussing and running food for him) Chris did brisket sandwich ( its the Sunday special) he unfortunately didn't think it was very special. The brisket comes on a brioche bun with haricovert I couldn't even begin to tell you why they did that: the beans came off and he did finish is sandwich but had that disappointed look on his face. We didn't get desert so I cant comment on that but I can say that this place has lots of potential and many others think so as well it was JAM PACKED from the time we sat down until we left. I will def return in the future and will hopefully be able to get that great table outside. 

B+ for 20 Manning for the awesome moules, the delish libation and the Mayor Nutter hand shake.
The menu has been updated and the tuna dish is wonderful. It's essential a very ample piece of seared tuna served over beautiful greens with tomatoes, avocado, various other vegetables, and a delicious dressing. I specified I did not want the tuna cooked through. It still had some pink but was mostly done. The person next to me did not specify and his was served almost raw. I will ask for it more rare next time. Regardless, it's a great addition to the menu!
Came here for happy hour once and it was nice! I sat along the secondary bar, the fries are super good!

I came back for dinner with friends the other night. Service was okay, apps were great and different, and my entree was pretty good! I think if I chose a different entree I would have liked it more. I tried the squid ink pasta (I've had squid ink pasta before and loved it) but this one wasn't my absolute favorite. I ate most of it though!
My wife and I have been wanting to try twenty manning since it's makeover a few years ago, and finally made it in last night. The whole dining experience just flat, except for the bread, the dessert, and the wine selection (and the company, of course).  The server did not know the menu (upon requesting highlights, the server leaned over my shoulder to review the items, had no apparent confidence in his recommendations, and provided no details about any of the dishes).  The entrees, however, were a worser sin. My wife had the tuna burger, which was basically small bits of tuna musher together, unevenly cooked (some pieces were warm, others room temperature, and others cold)-it was kind of gross. I ordered the chicken dish, which I think had a lot of potential and a nice presentation, but the chicken was way overcooked and rubbery- I could not even cut it with the cheap steak knife I was provided. Upon sending it back and requesting the same dish (but cooked correctly), the server informed me that this was how the dish is meant to be cooked--I know chefs are notoriously cocky, but I couldn't cut chicken with a steak knife- come on! On the bright side, we had a warm chocolate cookie with ice cream, which was delish. Definitely will not be returning with so many better options in the neighborhood.
Our standby place in Rittenhouse for four reasons:
(1) Tables always seem available without a reservation (I never plan in advance.)
(2) Perfect Old Fashion (not to sweet, just enough orange, made with care)
(3) My favorite calamari ever (spicy peppers, lightly fried, never chewy, creamy sauce)
(4) Solid burger served on a cutting board

Plus, the service is top-notch and nothing I've had has ever really disappointed. The market vegetable curry is also a great choice. While it is just vegetables and rice (some tofu might be nice), the sauce is outstanding. Personally, I think that the food is better than Audrey Claire (the sister restaurant).

Also, the redesigned space with the black & white dog photos and leather yellow sofas makes you feel classy, not stuffy, the moment you step inside.
I have to start off this review by saying the service here is impeccable.  

However, the food - I was underwhelmed.  I had the gazpacho.  It was OK - nothing noteworthy or exciting, but for 6 bucks for soup you would expect a little "WOW."  Like I said underwhelming.  Also the dollop of sorbet they through in - not a good idea - to me at least.  I mean I get your point (if there is one ;) but I think you should have went with something like frozen cream or something zesty and spicey or? 

The salted rye bread - AMAZING.  And I hate rye bread.  

Next up was the burger.  Again. Boring and flavorless.  And dry!  Yuck.   Disappointing.  

But I have to say the waitstaff there worked together like a precision time piece.   I was impressed.  Even if they hated each other you would never know it.  

The bathroom was very clean.  

Also way too loud.
I was in love with the burger at the old Twenty Manning: it was juicy, big, and topped with a delicious assortment of pickled vegetables. Unique and fabulous. 

So I was optimistic about trying the new Twenty Manning -- after all, it had closed and re-opened only to become a complete American Fare establishment, right? The burgers could only have gotten better!

Well, I was wrong. My fiance and I were so under-whelmed that rather than stay for dessert, we decided to get a pint of Ben & Jerry's from the 7-11 down the street and eat it in Rittenhouse Square. Sad. 

Our burger was not only tiny (SADNESS!), but we'd asked for it medium and what we got was a well-done, dry, lame and generally  unflavorful patty atop an un-inspired bun. We were recommended to top the burger with the cheese and bacon at $2 per topping. These did absolutely nothing to enhance this forgettable burger, sorry!
The shoestring fries served alongside were sparse, unoriginal, and left me hungry. This is a kid's meal.

The only good part of the meal were the little hot rye bread loaves that are given to you at the start with some butter. Otherwise, we had a salad that isn't worth reporting about either. 

My guess is that you should come here for drinks only, save your night out to dinner for another more worthy restaurant.
Extremely disappointing.  We went on New Year's Eve to find our waitress was serving us while quite inebriated (leading to her forgetting to refill drinks and slur her words while speaking to us) and food that was sub-par at best for a final bill of $180 for two people.

WORST OF ALL, the restaurant changed my tip after we left.  Because I was so displeased with the service, I tipped 10%, only to find a 20% tip had been charged to my credit card.

WILL NEVER RETURN OR RECOMMEND TO ANYONE ELSE.  BEWARE!!!
Love it here now that the menu and decor have been changed. Great drinks, the tuna burger is delicious. Also a fan of the roast chicken and pork chop. The food is classic American with very little twist. Service is occasionally dicey but very satisfied with the rest. Prices are very reasonable for the location and ambiance.
I went here with my girlfriend for our anniversary and it was fantastic. Friendly staff, great food, solid presentation, and a really hip environment. 

They really do a great job of making an  intimate environment and there prices are completely justified. 

I really can't say enough good things about my experience here. It was a fantastic date and I left the restaurant feeling as if I had become friends with the waiter and manager.
I should know better.  Never go anywhere for restaurant week.  It happened by accident.  Service was blah.  First course blah.  Main course awful.  Wasn't even offered the dessert course... and it was included.  Manager was clueless!
Stopped into Twenty Manning when we found out the wait for tables at Audrey Claire's would be over an hour - that's my date's favorite restaurant in town, so there's no such thing as a plan B - but we loved their creative cocktails and their lime-heavy ceviche. (My favorite!)
We all know it, the feeling you get when you've found your new favorite restaurant. You want to come back the next day, and the day after that. You want to share it with everyone you know. That's what Twenty Manning Grill did for me just a week ago. 

An unassuming American Grill located near Rittenhouse, this restaurant has been on my radar for almost two years. No reason why, I just never checked it out before. Clearly my mistake. 

In a city where nearly every restaurant menu includes a cheese plate, Twenty Manning Grill stands apart with their well presented plate accompanied by plentiful fresh berries. After that came the scallop ceviche, one of the best I've ever encountered. Just when I thought things couldn't get any better... the waiter delivered heaven on a plate: the crispy duck confit. 

If you're searching for an affordable eatery that's sure to please most palates, be sure to check out Twenty Manning Grill.
The best time to see a restaurant at its best and at an affordable rate is restaurant week in Philadelphia. With list in hand this is my first stop! A three-course dinner is offered for $35 during restaurant week, it makes a great value especially at a restaurant such as this. Many restaurants in the area have a pretty pricey menu . We were greeted and seated promptly by very friendly and helpful server. Upon being seated we were immediately given water without being asked, the wine and beer list was gone over, some seasonal options were mentioned as well. I went with the seasonal beer that had a citrus flavor. The server went over the beer I ordered but he did not necessarily recommend as he hadn't tried it. I appreciated the honesty,  in the end I really enjoyed the beer. The menu choices were  gone over in detail, suggestions made and questions were answered. Again the server was completely honest with what he had tried and what he preferred versus what was not a favorite for him. Before receiving our three courses we were given bread with olive oil and butter as choices.

I started with the scallop ceviche which was very good and nicely presented. Next up I had the grilled pork chop with figs and grilled brussels sprouts great presentation and absolutely delicious! The dessert sampler, I wasn't too pleased with the three choices were very small corners of baked goods that weren't necessarily pleasant in the presentation or taste. The service was engaging friendly and prompt. I will visit this restaurant again at a later date!
I've been to Twenty Manning more than a few times as I used to live two blocks away. Every time someone needed to find a place that is fun, casual, reasonable, and with good food around the Rittenhouse area,I always list Twenty Manning Grill. This time a group of us were looking for a place, I made the same suggestion. Boy was it bad! 

It was the night before Thanksgiving, they were busy, fine, but not so booked that they could screw up so badly. 

My boyfriend ordered their pork chop, which I've had before and was delicious, he was excited to try it as it was his first time there. The whole group of 7 people all got our food except for my boyfriend. Another 10 minutes after he still has no food and everyone at the table was waiting to start, our waiter said that there's a "gaffe" in the kitchen and he doesn't know what my bf ordered. 10 minutes later, the pork chop came out, and they said it was on the house because that wait was unacceptable. 

Bf took a knife into the pork chop, it was so tough he couldn't even cut it. The flavor of the sauce, the brussel sprouts, the fig was great (which is what I've had before), you could not eat that pc of pork. You can tell they microwaved the heck out of that piece of meat, then stuck it back in the broiler to just brown the outside. Com'on, people, a lot of us know about cooking too. If you can't do it right or in time, just offer something else, or ask if we'd want to wait. We didn't come to your restaurant for a free meal; we want a good meal. 

NOT ONCE did anyone check back with us to see how things were. As a clear sign of protest, my bf cleaned off everything else on the plate except for the big piece of meat. The guy who came to take the dishes away (not our waiter but looked like a manager) didn't even ask if everything was okay. Obviously they know it was terrible they didn't even want to deal with it.  Because we were with friends and having a good time (other than his food), we didn't want to make it a big deal to complain (we should have). 

I felt awful being the one making the suggestion to go there. Screwing up on the food is okay once in a while is okay, mistakes happen, but I am very turned off by the service. Twenty Manning, I'm never going to refer people to you nor will I come again. So sad to cross another restaurant off my list.
How do you know when you're getting old?

When you knock one star off your Yelp review because the restaurant was too damn loud.

I truly enjoyed my meal at Twenty Manning. I had made a reservation for 6:30 that had to be pushed back to 7, and then 7:30. The hostess was more than polite and accommodating. When we (me, boyfriend, brother) arrived, we waited less than five minutes to be seated in the most choice location- the table in the front, cornered by two huge windows. I love 20th and Spruce, don't you?

The waitstaff was quick. We ordered the "chop chop" salad to share three ways as an appetizer, which at $9 was huge and delicious. Lettuce, peas, apples, sharp cheddar, tomato, yum. The bread basket came with rosemary butter, radishes and a tiny bowl of fancy salts. Boyfriend took one bite of the bread and declared it needed absolutely no more salt. It was true- the rolls seemed as if they were dusted in a salty flour. Tasty, sure, but I was weary of what my entree would be like.

Brother ordered the TMG burger, boyfriend ordered the ahi tuna, and I got the scallops. The scallops, although a bit salty, were to die for. Perfectly seared and candied, on a bed of sauteed spinach, next to mashed pumpkin and a drizzled of beet coulis. The flavor was fantastic. I have to admit, it was ten times better than the scallop dish I got at Mercato just two weeks prior and less expensive, too ($20). Who saw that coming? Certainly not me. 

I tasted the tuna, which was wonderfully seasoned. My brother ate every bite of his burger, which looked a little small for what it cost ($13 + $2 bacon + $2 cheese). The fries that came with were horribly boring.

The only issue I had personally was the noise. I could barely hear anything the server said to me, let alone have a conversation with my younger brother who was visiting. I asked him to explain something to me about school and he waved it off, saying he'd tell me later so I didn't have go, "WHAT?" four times before I actually heard him.

I would absolutely go back to TMG, but probably during the week. It's no fun to go out to eat if you can't have good conversation.
I had been meaning to check out Twenty Manning for some time now, and just never got around to going. I finally went last night, and am so glad I did. It's just starting to feel like spring, and the openness of the restaurant really added to that feeling. My boyfriend even commented that he felt like we were in Florida, with the white walls, dim lighting, and open windows. 

To start, they brought out warm bread in a paper bag with salt, cucumber, and butter. Really interesting take on the bread basket. We split the spicy calamari and the iceberg and bleu salad. Both were great to start the meal. The salad was refreshing, and the calamari was spicy as promised.

For our entrees I got the maple glazed pork chop with figs and gorgonzola and roasted brussels sprouts and he got the bison burger. We agreed that mine was the better choice. Huge portions, we both couldn't finish.

Despite the loud mouth at the table next to us, it was a wonderful dinner with good food, good atmosphere, and good company.
Went for the first time since the new concept debuted.  The redone space looks great but unfortunately the exposed metal ceiling and layout made it incredibly loud in the dining room, so my friend and I opted to sit outside.  they still have those awesome water misters so it stayed cool and comfortable even though it was ridiculously warm out.  we'll start with complimentary bread and butter, because it was a high point.  rolls were rye and a little warm and butter was good--it may be a small thing but its one that can go horribly wrong so points!  also good were the radishes that came with the bread.  for dinner my friend and i both had the chop chop salad--it was a reincarnation of a previous version at the old 20 manning, and I liked it a little better--there was a bit more bite in the dressing that I appreciated.  For dinner I had potstickers, and they were awesome, as always.  My friend had brussel sprouts (very similar to what they have at audrey claire).  Dessert was the toll house cookie, with caramel and vanilla ice cream.  Awesome.  Overall a nice experience, and worth trying again.
My friend and I popped in her with our shiny Rue La La coupon last night and really enjoyed the new and improved Twenty Manning. I have not been here since the facelift and the space is very warm and inviting with it's simplistic décor, the newly white walls, bright yellow and wooden tables, matching it's sister spot across the street, Audrey Claire. As always- the picturesque windows provide great people watching. There was a great mix of people enjoying evening drinks and dinner. The place had a nice quiet romantic and relaxed buzz about it, and absolutely packed! 
We got the table next to the door in the big picture window- the best seat in the house as far as I'm concerned, the best of both worlds, the feel of the outdoor bistro tables with the cool vibe of a restaurant. Our waiter came over with menus and a cute mini brown paper bag with bread and butter also some radishes and some sea salt. I normally don't go for the bread basket, but the petite pieces were nice and fluffy. 
We decided to start off with some cocktails to diffuse this week's work stress= Lavender martini, please, what started out as a one drink night ended with three! Maybe it was the lavender that relaxed me or the mulitple martinis! It really made my tastebuds sing.  We grabbed the some small plates, as we were more vested in the liquid dinner for the evening.
The Farmer Market beets- the beets were fresh and worked really well with the goat cheese, honey and balsamic.
Mini Crab Cake-a great simple collaboration of organic ingredients, by far, my favorite dish of the night! All crab, no filler.
Pot Stickers- while the flavors were ok, the texture was a hard and chewy- not the best plate in our order.
Oysters- the selection were blue points, while perfectly shucked and tasty- the champagne mignonette really didn't compliment them well, I think it needed a more acidic component to make it work
Artisan Cheese plate- the presentation was adorable, however  the cheese portions were smaller then most other restaurants around town, the accompaniments were fresh and delightful.
Our waiter had a pretty flawless service, he initially spilled water in my friend's lap when we first got there, but he recovered remarkably! He was very knowledgable with all of the plates and did a great job keeping our cocktails refilled, with a smile! 
It was a beautiful evening on the square and the service really took our dining experience up a botch! A couple snafus, but this could be my new default spot! A great hidden gem, can we keep it that way?
The food is absolutely delicious! First of all they start you off with a nice delicious and warm piece of bread that came with a side of butter with a cucumber on top (talk about awesome food presentation). Combining all three meant a total flavor explosion in your mouth. Moving on...

We came here with a big group and tried pretty much everything, here are a few of my favorite things on the menu I tried: 
- Artisan Cheeses - the plate was absolutely delicious, definitely get this if you have enough room in your stomachs. They give you three different cheeses and various fruits/topping. The blueberry cheese was to die for!  
- Crab Cakes - They were nice and tender and cooked to perfection. I only got one bite because it was a hot item at our table. It came with apple slaw and yummy tartar sauce. 
- The spicy calamri - everyone at our table loved these, but I am not a big fan of spicy food. 

For my main I had the steak frites (medium) with a side of tomatoes and brussels sprouts. The steak was huge, perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  I had to take half of it home because I was stuffed.
I returned to Twenty Manning for the second time with high hopes. We scored a last minute reservation for 5 at 7:30 on a Saturday. When we entered the place was PACKED! The bar area full of twenty-somethings and most of the tables occupied. We were seated upon our arrival and we started off with two apps: the charcuterie board and oysters on the half shell. Both were really good. I opted for the chop chop salad and crispy phylo shrimp as my entree. I thoroughly enjoyed the phylo shrimp. The chop chop salad was fine, but was overshadowed by the shrimp. Two of my dining companions had the charbroiled beef sirloin noodle bowl and another had the tuna burger. Three of us enjoyed the half baked Tollhouse cookie with ice cream for dessert. I had lusted after this dessert after seeing it online. It was good, but more mine was more cake-y than cookie. Service was attentive and the ambiance was dark and romantic. In my opinion Twenty Manning is much better than it's sister restaurant, Audrey Claire, across the street in both menu and ambiance.

An aside: My first visit to Twenty Manning was for Restaurant Week Jan 2014. I was satisfied with my Bison Burger and huge pile of shoestring fires. Later when I did the math and figured out the three course meal I had would have been less than the $35 Restaurant Week price. That revelation made me suffer from meal-regret. Stay away from Twenty Manning during restaurant week.
Food was OK- Great service though.
Wouldn't go back for the price. Wedge salad was average, the pumpkin ravioli (you only got 3) were more like perogies. The shrimp tacos were on corn tortillas, i would prefer flour, but hey I ate them.
Tried Twenty Manning Grill for the first time last night. I had been wanting to dine here for quite some time and was very excited. The interior was so cozy and welcoming, and the food was delicious. 

However, I ordered the pan seared ravioli off of the entree portion of the menu. When the ravioli came out there were three ravioli on a plate. No sides, no sauce, nothing. For the price of the entree, you'd think they would provide more food. My friend ordered the chicken entree and her meal came with two sides and was only two dollars more. Overall, the ravioli was delicious, which was the only saving grace.

Unfortunately, I left hungry and a bit unsatisfied.
I live around the corner from this place and have stopped in for food in the past -- at times, I have thought that their food was a "bit" overpriced, but today really took the cake...

After a long day of meetings and classes, I was starving and ordered a Turkey Burger (from the "Daily Show" portion of the menu). Originally $15, but I asked to substitute the fries for brussels sprouts (more on this later). 

Since I live nearby, was starving, and had a bunch of finals to study for, I was thrilled that my order was ready in 20 minutes. I picked up my food and walked home, excited for a healthy(ish) burger with all the toppings, and instead...I got a turkey patty + cheese on a bun. Where was the lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle? All of the other burgers on the menu came with these items (even the Veggied Burger, which only costs $11)! Ok, maybe it was in the other box...nope, just the brussels sprouts. Imagine my complete and utter disappointment when I bit into the burger and it was also DRY.

When I called back to ask about it, the guy said that he had mistakenly told me that it came with the toppings, even though it shouldn't have. He offered to fix it, but at that point, with a final project and half a dozen papers looming over my head, did I really have the time to make *yet another* round-trip to the restaurant?

Oh, and to add insult to injury? I got charged $2 for replacing the fries with brussels sprouts...can someone tell me how this makes any sense at all, when the two items differ by only $1 on the menu when ordered as sides?

I normally give restaurants the benefit of the doubt, but I feel like it's a complete ripoff to charge someone $17 for essentially a turkey patty on bread.

This was, sadly, one of the most disappointing dining experience I've had anywhere :(
This is a neighborhood go-to for drinks! The atmosphere is lively and polished. The staff, special shout out to Joe, are very friendly and attentive. And when the weather is nice and tables line the exterior, it is the perfect spot to have a late afternoon glass of wine with friends!
We had tickets to Helium Comedy Club so decided to grab dinner at Twenty Manning beforehand. I've heard many mixed reviews but never tried for myself so I was excited to be going. 

The food was fine - nothing special but, by no means was it bad.  Also, the prices were reasonable, especially considering the neighborhood. When I go to eat, though, I feel that atmosphere and service are just as important as the food so my main issues lies with the latter. The hostesses and our server weren't rude or unfriendly, but there was no sense of 'welcome' from when we first arrived until we paid our check. We felt like a bother from the start. The service was also extremely slow; whether that was the waitress or the kitchen, I am not sure, but there was no apologies or even acknowledgement of the delays in both order taking and food/drinks coming out. 

If you want a decent meal, it's a good place to visit but the overall experience was lacking for me.
I went to Twenty Manning because of its reputation for both the space and food. When I entered, it was so packed and loud that I could not hear the hostess. She sat us at a table that was part of booth seating, and it was at most 12 inches from the next closest table. It was so uncomfortably tight and uncomfortably loud that we left and went elsewhere. The food that we saw come out to other diners looked wonderful, but the atmosphere is more sports bar and less fine dining. They should improve the space to reflect the menu instead of maximizing profits through getting as many human beings into the space as possible.
20 Manning has been a firm favourite of mine since I moved to the Rittenhouse area 3 years ago; so you can imagine my dismay when I saw the windows papered up, and jumped to the conclusion that 20 Manning had gone the way of so many restaurants before it in that location, and shut down. I'm delighted to say that was not the case - Audrey Claire was merely doing a refurb...and what a marvellous refurb it is. I always liked the old 20 Manning, but I have to say I LOVE the new 20 Manning! The dark leather seating has been replaced with fresh, breezy and wonderfully comfortable buttercup-yellow banquettes, and the white walls have definitely breathed new life into the place. I was happy to see some old favourites still on the menu, alongside some equally delicious new ones. If you go, be sure to try the burger, served on a wooden board with possibly the tastiest fries in the city...or just try an order of the fries alone. As a British ex-pat, I'm extremely fussy about my fries (or "chips" as we call them back home). These were chunky, cooked to perfection, and served (as they should be) with salt AND vinegar. Of course, being one of Audrey Claire's restaurants, there was a little twist - powdered, not liquid, vinegar, which rather cleverly give flavour without making the fries soggy...genius! Great job, Audrey Claire!
Went there after a rain storm, I felt welcomed, The food arrived hot. The tacos were spicy, the guacamole was great and their mashed potatoes were amazing. This one waiter started a conversation with me which I found great being I came solo.
I have walked by the "new" Twenty Manning several times and have been wanting to check it out, to see what the makeover was all about.  

It had a much more casual atmosphere, almost Bistro-like, and was bustling enough on a Saturday night, but not so crowded as it easy to get a table at 8:30pm without reservations.  They also had cool outdoor lounge seating, in addition to the standard al fresco dining.  

The menu was familiar with some of the same Asian fusion options from before, but had a comfort-food twist.  Additionally, I appreciated the Jewish shout-out with Zaida's (yiddish for grandfather) Brisket Sandwich served on Sunday nights.  

Through the grapevine, I heard the goal of the re-do was to make it more of an affordable, everyday place to go, and I think they accomplished just that.
Had the steak and tuna burger - food was really good. However, in general, the food was a little on the salty side, especially the fries. I would come back again next time.
Everything about this place is yummy, from the service to the dishes. My friend lives in an apt directly upstairs and had rightfully raved about this spot. The staff are really interested in making sure that you are comfortable and feel "at home." Plus there are pictures of pooches all over the place, which kept me pointing and saying "Ahhhhhhhh" all night long.

I got the chicken with mashed potatoes and peas and shared a cheese plate to start. Everything tasted fresh and was deliciously seasoned. I wouldn't miss a visit to TMG.
Hovering between a 3 and 4 - I'll give this one the benefit of the doubt as I've only been once and for a NYE tasting.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

One of the best foodie experiences in Philly is COOK - a state-of-the-art sixteen-seat classroom where guests enjoy tastings and demonstrations from the city's premier chefs. Want a sneak peak of Chef George Sabatino's Aldine? Want a Chopped-style battle between two of Kevin Sbraga's chefs at his eponymous Sbraga or Fat Ham? COOK has you covered, though at a price. 

However, if you're looking for a more traditional, yet relaxed experience showcasing seasonal cooking in Rittenhouse? Check out the sister restaurants - Audrey Claire or Twenty Manning Grill. This past New Year's Eve, the GF and I had a tasting of sorts at the latter.

Bread Service

Dinner started with our server dropping off a bakery bag filled with fresh mini-baguettes, served with a couple of pats of room temp butter. A nice touch.

Formula 46 [$12]
Maker's Mark 46 Bourbon, Carpano Antica sweet vermouth, rhubarb bitters, brandied cherries

I started off the night's drinking with a bourbon-based tipple, which offered clean flavors. The rhubarb bitters added an herbal grapefruit essence, but the real star? The rich bandied cherries, which were a great intermezzo in between sips. 

TMG Bellini [$9]
Lunetta prosecco, white peach puree 

The GF went with the bellini, prototypically offering light peach flavors amidst the prosecco's dry effervesence. 

NYE Prix Fixe [$50 pp]

Amuse Bouche
Herb mascarpone stuffed cremini mushroom

The amuse from the kitchen provided an earthy bite, heightened by the cheese and herbs. The balsamic glaze underneath helped to provide some acidity. 

Pan Fried Haloumi Salad
Micro greens, kalamata olives, blood orange, lemon vinaigrette

For the GF's first course proper, she went with the haloumi salad. Admittedly, Zahav's haloumi is better. TMG's iteration seemed a bit disjointed - the microgreens were few and the pan-fried haloumi was a bit greasy. In fact, the cheese lacked seasoning, though the mix of kalamata olives and blood orange offered some much needed salt and acid for each bite. 

Butter Roasted Skate Wing 
Truffle mashed potatoes, lemon-caper mineure 

In contrast, my first course was definitely a hit. Skate is one of my favorite fish to eat and this was well-prepared. Not overdone, it was completely meaty, yet tender and flaky. The fried leeks offered some textural contrast and the lemon-caper butter sauce offered countervailing acidity to the heft of the truffle mashed potatoes. 

Pan Seared Butternut Squash Ravioli
Fresh ricotta, parmigiano-reggiano, caramelized onions, crispy sage brown butter, leek chips  

For her main, the GF went with the ravioli. Unfortunately, this was also a miss for her. The pan-searing rendered the ravioli dry and a bit too crisp. The innards fell flat as the caramelized onions and parmigiano-reggiano overpowered the butternut squash and ricotta. This ate more like fried perogis and seemed to be more of an accompaniment than an entree. 

Grilled Black Angus Filet Mignon
Rosemary golden Yukon potatoes, truffle cream sauce

Luckily, I went down the meat and potatoes route. Though the steak lacked any amount of char or grill marks on the outside, it was certainly tender and seasoned quite well. The truffle cream sauce lacked any truffle essence, but provided additional beefy heft to each bite. And to be frank, truffle may have adulterated the flavor of the beef. As an accompaniment, the potatoes were nicely tender, yet crisp on the outside.

Homemade Dessert Sampler

For dessert, the GF and I received our own plate of homemade dessert samplers. Fresh halved strawberries, an apple muffin, and a peach tart provided a decent end to the meal, in addition to a nicely tart cheesecake and decadent molten lava cake.

Champagne Toast

Always a nice touch for a NYE menu, TMG offered a complimentary champagne toast to send us on our way out into the night.

Though there were a few misses on our NYE tasting menu, Twenty Manning Grill offers decent flavors. The skate was on point and I'm definitely willing to give TMG another try the next time I'm in the South Rittenhouse area.
I'm between 4 and 5 stars and while I do truly enjoy this place I'm going to have to go with a conservative 4. Had the short ribs on my last visit and obsessed about the meal for days after (which were on the menu for Sat nights only).  I've also had the ravioli (which vary depending on the season) and they were nothing to rave about. I love trying new restaurants and don't like to go back to the same places repeatedly. Twenty Manning would be an exception. Great atmosphere - could be on the noisy side depending on when you visit but in a good way. I recommend making reservations on the weekends, always busy. For some reason I thought the place was farm to table, but I do not believe this is accurate (regardless food has yet to disappoint). Can't wait to come back!
For years, we never went to T.M.  We had been a few times, but it was a bit pricey for the Asian fusion- always thought you could get a much better meal for the price of one TM entree at a Chinatown dive.

So, we went back to see what TMG would bring to the table.  Cozier lighting, wainscoting, buttery yellow banquettes warmed up the space.yu  Bar menu "snacks" invite you to settle on your bar stool for a long haul.

After a quick one at the bar, we headed for a table
 "Do you have a reservation?"  
"No, is that a problem?"
"Let me see what I can do.  7pm?"
My friend A and I looked at each other- there was no one there- a family with a baby was finishing up.  Seriously?  Drop the "we are so busy attitude"- it's overcast and cold...

Menu- Definitely much less expensive.  Burgers, smaller dishes.  Inviting and comforting:  chicken in a skillet, noodles with beef.  No attitude from the food choices.  Foodie food- roasted beets, interesting salads.  

Can't put my finger on it, but there was something missing.   Lacking soul.  All the pieces are there but somehow not cohesive.
I should have paid closer attention to Lauren L.'s review. We were craving burgers on Saturday and remembered Twenty Manning. I'd only been here once before, and was underwhelmed by the food enough not to come back, but not enough to hold a grudge. And the service had been fantastic. Since it was supposed to be "reimagined", I figured it'd be safe to give it another try.

We walked in around 5pm. The place was basically empty: there were three tables filled and a few people at the bar. We were seated at a very small bench table, which didn't make much sense considering the nicer window seats available with more room, but we were too hungry to be picky.

Our perky waitress appeared a minute later to plunk down the menus, and we both opted to start with mojitos, which are a little light on the booze (and I'm not big on overdoing the liquor) but very fresh and refreshing.

The waitress came back and asked whether we were ready to order. I asked what the specials were, since she hadn't mentioned any, and she just pointed to the weekly special on the menu. All it said was "lobster roll." Ok, fair enough: I asked what it came with, in terms of sides, and she looked at me like I was an idiot and said, "It's lobster, sort of a mayo sauce, and a roll. About this big." Um. Not what I asked. At $19 for mayo salad on a roll, you can at least tell me if it comes with fries.

We got the crabcakes and gazpacho as appetizers to share; I went with a turkey burger (and the $2 add-on of a slice of cheddar cheese) and my gf went with the tuna burger.

I can't complain about the appetizers. The crab cakes were tender and not overly full of filler, though they were only about 2" in diameter--fine for an appetizer but again, at $9.50, you'd think they could be a little bigger. The gazpacho was good, with a very tasty pineapple-basil sorbet floating in it. The gazpacho itself had an interesting combination of jalapenos and Thai bird peppers: just enough to tingle, but I'm not sure I really wanted the spice in a gazpacho. It ends up reading a little too much like salsa when it's missing strong cucumber and fresh pepper notes, which this one was.

Our water didn't get refilled and our appetizer dishes didn't get cleared before the runner came out with the mains: our waitress was nowhere to be seen. My gf dove into her burger, which she said was moist but not very flavorful. I was hopeful about mine. It came on a very flimsy brioche bun (a thicker one might stand up better to fillings) but looked good, with as much color as one can expect on a turkey burger without turning it into a cardboard puck.

I couldn't even pick up the burger, because everything kept falling off: the bun was just too small and far, far too floppy. I'm used to messy foods, so I put on my game face and tried to saw at my burger with (butter)knife and fork. It was an exercise in futility: I might as well have been sawing at a piece of cowhide with a blunted spoon. I managed to saw off a small corner piece and gave it a try. The first chew was pure salt: I worked my way through it and got some encouraging good-quality-turkey flavor, but then hit the texture: dense, hard, and very difficult to get over. I almost never send anything back to the kitchen, but this was unpalatable.

No worries, I thought. My waitress will come by, and I'll just get a salad instead, or something along those lines.

Five minutes went by. Ten. Fifteen. Twenty. Our waitress bustled back and forth seven or eight times, without so much as making eye contact or glancing at the table. My gf was done with her meal; our waitress was chatting with her fellows at the end of the room. The restaurant still wasn't full.

Finally, after about 25min during which nobody even asked if everything was ok (clearly not, judging by the uneaten food) she finally came by to clear the plates and only when she had the plate with my untouched (save for a sawed-off corner) burger did she bother to ask, half-turning away, whether something was the matter.

I kept my cool; I don't want to be the asshole making a fuss, even after sitting there with a growling stomach while my server ignores me. I said that unfortunately the burger was too dense and salty. She looked from the burger to me, and said, "I'll see if we can do anything about it." You'll see IF you can do anything about it? Come on, that's just bad form. The manager did come over a couple minutes later, and I once more explained. She was very nice, asked if I wanted anything else (at this point, no) and took the burger off the bill. Our waitress came by to ask if we wanted anything else, while practically throwing the bill on the table. I've had better service at highway rest stops.

Save your money and go elsewhere. In retrospect, we should have just gone to Monk's. Value for dollar was already poor, but the service really makes this place terrible, and a big step down from what it was before its overhaul.
I went to Twenty Manning for dinner to catch up with my former boss, not because there was anything that had particularly appealed to me from its menu or the Yelp reviews, but because my boss and I had both wanted to cross it off our Philly dining scene bucket list. And the sentiment on the other side of the experience is equally indifferent. It was a fine dinner, but I wasn't overly impressed.

Because I was hoping for something lighter, I ordered the Chop Chop Salad as an entree. Before anyone points their finger and says that's where I went wrong, I want to just assert that the server told me of all their salads, the chopped salad is best suited to be an entree. Besides, I added salmon to it. 

The salad itself was wonderful. Great blend of flavors and textures from the corn, cucumbers, and gala apples. The herb-citrus toss was also wonderfully light but flavorful. It was the salmon that disappointed. It was dry, and I always take off a star for dry salmon. It became one of those rare situations when I actually thought the salad would've been better without the protein.

For dessert, I got the famous half-baked Toll House cookie. It was undeniably delicious, but nothing completely mind-blowing or original. The only real wow factor, I suppose, was the portion size. I will not lie to you and say that I did not eat the whole thing in that sitting. I was feeling particularly victorious and wholesome after that delicious salad and dry salmon.

In any case, Twenty Manning Grill wasn't a let-down, but it also wasn't a restaurant that I'd be gushing over to my friends. I agree with other reviewers that if you're just sauntering over because the line at Audrey Claire's is too long, stay faithful and get your wandering eye in check. You will be glad you did.
Yelp should have a "food poisoning" click-button. Avoid the burger unless you enjoy throwing up.
I came here for dinner on a date while visiting Philly.  The cocktails, food, and service were all great.  We hadn't made a reservation (we were originally going to the sister restaurant) but stopped in for a drink, and then were seated quickly.  I loved the names of the cocktails!  The beet salad was AMAZING.
What more can you ask for? This place has great martinis, great cucumber cocktails, delicious food, and a wonderful ambiance. I really love the atmosphere here and the staff is super friendly. 

If you want a burger, go for the seared ahi tuna burger. Its fantastic. The martinis are served with Tom Olives, an interesting spin to a traditional martini. 

Overall, this place is as good as it gets. I've been here for late night drinks and for dinner... it hasn't disappointed me yet.
Dock street and 20 Manning teamed up for a special dinner featuring Dock Streets beer paired with a variety of pork products. I found this idea really exciting.

I met with my good friend Quinn and we were able to snag a seat outside out a perfect spring day. The menu was set, so our first course came out quickly. Chicarones were served up with three different sauces: apple butter, avocado cream, and chipolte. The first two sauces were okay but forgettable. I thought the chipoltle was excellent, and used ever last drop. This course wasn't amazing, but it was a nice was to stoop our meal. The Bohemian Pils was the pairing of choice.

Next came cinnamon braised pork belly served with watermelon, jalapeños, and Kasseri cheese. This course seems have little forethought; the flavors did not mix well. The pork belly could have been much better prepared, but the cheese saved the entire course. I've never heard of Kasseri, but I enjoyed this thick, almost meaty cheese. Dock street summer session was served alongside, and this great beer was a treat.

At this point in the meal, I wasn't thrilled, by anything, but that was all about to change. The next course was simply fantastic. The main course started with a potato roti served with a poached egg.  While this wasn't a common dinner item, i enjoyed it. I came with a salad covered in real bacon bits and drizzled with hot bacon cider dressing. Two large cubes of crispy pork were served with the salad, and these flavors together melded into a delicious pork explosion. Salad has never tasted so good. Dock street rye IPA was served with this course.

I was getting full at this point, but dessert was almost as exciting as the main course. The man full o trouble porter was served, which is a great beer for dessert. A "chip which" was served, which is a true culinary delight. Two perfectly chocolate cookies were held together with brandy cherry ice cream with sweet bacon bits infused. If given an unlimited amount, I probably would have eaten these until explosion.

Overall, I really enjoyed this special menu. I believe it gave a good idea of the overall food at 20 Manning. The service was certainly weird, our server talked with a air about him, almost as if it was beneath him to bring us food. It turned into one of our running jokes for evening. I liked that a Dock Street took over the taps for the evening, but the normal beer list is still pretty decent. About five craft taps at reasonable prices. I saw a few burgers come out of the kitchen and they looked great.

Bottom line: I enjoyed my visit, and I would certainly go again. Still, the food by the same owner over at Audrey Claire seems to have a bit more of a flair and is a byob to boot.
Great mojitos!!  The best in town. The decor is VERY similar  to The Standard Grille in NYC. Wish it could've been more original.
Very cool place to eat. I would definitely recommend the bison burger. Its the best thing on the menu. Last time I was there, the tuna burger was disappointing but overall, I would recommend eating here.
I've been here several times and I've been completely satisfied everytime. 

Most recently I ordered the massive maple brined pork chop with honeyed mission figs and melted gorgonzola. I normally don't order pork chops from restaurants, but this just sounded too good and it was! It was so delicious and the portion was huge. The flavors in this dish mary extremely well and the pork was seared to perfection. The pork chop was slightly pink in the center and not over cooked like a lot of restuarants tend to do with pork. 

In the past I have ordered the crispy duck confit (very tasty and probably the best value on the menu at only $16 for the entree) as well as the Saturday special Shortrib entree (the short ribs were very tender but I don't recall what else came with them). I like short ribs quite a bit, but I think they are played out a little bit these days so I try to avoid them.

I've tried several of the appetizers including caprese salad, pork pot stickers (very crispy served with a sweet soy sauce), artisan cheeses (great selection of cheeses with honey and bread...awesome!), oysters, and the scallop ceviche (my favorite app from here).

The food here is great and the drinks and cocktails are moderately priced. The cocktails are delicious! This is one of my favorite places to go in the city. Love it!
My husband, daughter and I had dinner at Twenty Manning Grill last night and I have to say, this was a great way to kick off our first trip to Philadelphia.

Ambiance: Welcome, modern, inviting - an overall nice place

Service: Our server was friendly and fast. Food came out quickly.

Food: I am a huge fan of salmon, but it's not easy to find the wild variety. Twenty Manning not only had the wild variety but prepared it perfectly. The accompany vegetables were fantastic too. My husband had the chicken and ate every bite. My daughter had a pizza with a side of green beans. She loved both. And the chocolate fondant (oddly named as it's more of a lava cake) was a huge hit with the husband and daughter. 

Overall this place is reasonably priced, had excellent, organic food, and good service. If I'm in Philly again I'll definitely return.
We stopped in very late on a weekday for a last cocktail and snack. Most places were closed and the fact that this was a still pine attracted us. We sat in the back. The server steered us to a much better seat up front. More comfy. She said the kitchen was closed but I still asked for the olives. She worked her magic and came back with a healthy portion that satisfied our last hunger pains of the day. I really want to come back for dinner.
Actually went to Audrey Claire and it was full of reservation, so moved to Twenty Manning without reservation. I came here before for drinks, but not for foods. We had crab cake, crispy salmon, and duck breast. 
The crab cake was awesome so that I wanted it as a main dish. The sauce came with the crab cake was really good. Crispy salmon was great and it's different from others that it came with the smash potato instead of the sauce. I took a bite of my friend's duck breast and it's so good. The skin was really crispy. Overall, I really enjoyed all dishes had tonight.
Went on a Monday night. It was good but every dish was not as well prepared as it could be. Pork belly appetizer was basically bacon. And I know bacon is pork belly but when you order pork belly you expect a thick piece of it. Its decadence comes from relishing the pork fat. Skate was very good but accompaniments were salty. The dish could have also used a bit more acid. My friend ordered seared ravioli which frankly should have been an appetizer. It was rich but lacked a sauce or something to balance it and give it moisture. It was just disappointing.
Felt like a London establishment even though I've never been to London.  

Perhaps it was the swanky yet country-style dijon yellow booths, white tables, dark wood, and dim lighting decor or maybe it was the dreary, drizzly weather outside while I sat at the window table looking at the cobblestone alley, but this place is adorable.

Good selection of beer and wine from what I gathered, great spicy calamari appetizer, and good burgers served with a whopping heap of crunchy, shoestring fries on a freakin' wooden cutting board instead of a plate.  Good pickles, too.  Seriously, the menu says "served with a good pickle."

Fries were addicting and the bacon/cheddar (additional charges) were great, as well as the fresh ground beef in the burger.  My only complaint is that we asked for our burgers medium rare and they both came out medium-well to well, which always leaves my palate a little dry.  That's why I took off a star.

Luckily, the zesty "burger sauce" redeemed it enough to still make it an enjoyable experience.  

Would go back here to try a fresher sampling, like perhaps my original gut choice of the Maryland crab/avocado appetizer, followed by the sea scallop/kielbasi paste entree.

Didn't have room for dessert but they all sounded delicious.
Love it here. Went on a whim last night, a Friday, beautiful weather, at prime dinner hour. Wait for a table was reasonable (about 20) without a reservation so we grabbed wines by the bar. Great ambiance in there, the lighting is somehow perfect. We got a table outside, ordered the pot stickers and caprese salad which came out super fast. Both so delicious. We ordered our meals and more wine, enjoyed people watching. Meals came and were also great. Roasted chicken was moist and the potatoes perfectly seasoned.. Mushroom ravioli were like yummy crispy pierogis YUMMM! Dessert was the icing on the cake- the hLf baked chocolate chip cookie is a MUST. Great way to cap off the great meal!
Stopped in for drinks on a Sunday night.  Sat outside because it wasn't too cold.  I thought I would need to leave my coat on though, but they have heaters out there, so it was quite pleasant until 9:30 or so when it started to get a little too cold.

Just ordered beers.  They had a decent list, but several things were sold out.  I guess they are switching the menu from winter to spring, so they aren't re-stocking the beers they have currently.  

Definitely want to go back and try the food.
