I had doctors appointment and was really hungry afterwards and of all the food trucks nearby, this one had the most interesting food. The line wasn't too bad and there weren't a load of options to choose from which I prefer at a food truck so I'm not take time up in line with HANGRY people behind me. lol

I ordered the korean rib burrito which I expected to come out sort of small but to my surprise was pretty big considering the good price! My burrito definitely was falling part which was not fun while trying to keep a car clean, but the flavors were amazing. The rib wasn't overcooked and the sauce..was VERY good. The blend of sweet and spicy was perfect and the added crunch of the ginger coleslaw added great texture. 

I'll definitely being ordering that little (big really big) burrito again If I'm in the area.
Tyson Bees could use some improvements if they want to survive on Penn's campus but they have a good concept going so far. 

The Grilled BBQ Lemongrass Pork Bahn Mi sandwich is very flavorful (slightly spicy) and very colorful. The portion is reasonable for $5 but definitely not as big as other sandwiches from other food trucks nearby on Spruce. 

The Korean BBQ Short Rib Beef & Kimchi Burrito for $5 is slightly disappointing. Most of the burrito's size is comprised of white rice, the meat was very hidden if there was any.

I like trying new things so I might return in hopes of another surprise like the Bahn Mi sandwich but I would strongly suggest TB lowers their prices!
ok, i'm a believer. 

i usually swear off food trucks, but this one is actually GOOD. 

i never bought into the whole kogi tacos when it first took off in LA. so my go-to item on the menu here is usually the jungle stew curry or the curry of the week. 

portions are large, easily doubling the amount of meat offered by the other asian food trucks within a two block radius. it can be a little pricier than other food trucks (ie. $5-7), but it doesn't taste like a bunch of msg poured over rice. and when they say something is spicy, it really IS spicy! how refreshing. tyson bees does a better job than most restaurants that claim they serve spicy food.
Philadelphia, I have just found my new favorite food truck in the city (Sorry Dapper Dog. Lo siento, Tacos Don Memo). I hope all the HUP employees, Penn football players, and engineering brethren know just how lucky they are.

The pork bun is fantastic (and the staff does an adorable little "pork bun!" cheer when you order it). The bread is pillowy and light, the sauce is succulent and not overpowering, and there is just the right amount of cilantro to keep it exciting. Watch out, Chifa - definitely gives your pork belly bun a sprinting run for its money. I also ordered the galbi (Korean short rib) taco, which was absolutely perfect. The meat was flavorful, the sauce spicy, the greens fresh, delicately held together in a double tortilla, a nice touch. They also gave me the first lime wedge I've seen in ages (seriously, where are all the limes in Philly), completing the "winning-enid-over" package. The staff is friendly and speaks perfect English, which is honestly uncommon for an Asian food truck. I will definitely be back to try the kimchi quesadilla, galbi and kimchi hot dog, curry of the week, and - what the hell - everything else on the menu!
I'd been meaning to go to Tyson Bees for a long time. After my office moved further West, I was concerned that I'd never make the 20 minute jaunt to 33rd and Spruce, but I was also determined to hit it up. Recent news that it was under new management had me concerned. I planned a lunch with a coworker to make the trip down Spruce and investigate the "newly" managed truck.

I showed up a little before 12, to beat the lines that I had witnessed before, and we had no wait. I ordered one chicken basil Thai taco and one pork bun. I liked the 9 of spades that they handed me as my "number;" it was a cute touch. I didn't like the syrofoam containers they served the food in. Come on, Philly food trucks, let's get green! I personally think there should be a tax break for food trucks that use paper/compostable containers as it will just encourage greener behaviors. Just sayin.

Anyway, on to the main event: the food. I dove into the pork "bun" first, which was a pillowy, round piece of bread (?), on top of which was a flavorful but tiny piece of pork, some scallions, cilantro, and perhaps some other stuff too. I didn't deconstruct it to much because I was too busy inhaling the delectable thing. It wasn't spicy at all, but very flavorful. The taco was a little spicy, but nothing I couldn't handle (I am a lightweight, FYI). It was served with a delicious sauce, some fresh basil leaves, cabbage and a few slices of radish. It was fantastic. I think I liked the pork bun a little more, but the taco was the healthier morsel.

Had I been any hungrier, I would have either ordered a third option, or brought along an apple as one taco and one pork "bun" would not be enough to sustain me. I will definitely be back. A friend has told me to order the special Bee-zilla as it will change my life and I'm determined to do so.
(Note: as you read these reviews, put them in date order - you'll see how the reviews have taken a nose dive recently!)

As many others have said, since new management took over this summer, quality has plummeted and you don't get as much for the price. 
Old management: Jungle curry tofu, nice tofu steaks with a very thick spicy sauce nestled on top of a mound of clean white rice, with two sides - edemame/chickpea salad and kim chi.  DELICIOUS! I dreamt about this dish.

New Management: tofu steaks with sloppy watery curry sauce that totally soaked into the rice so there's no relief from the heat, and a few edemame and chickpeas are sprinkled through. No side dishes at all. Same price ($7). blech, couldn't finish the rice. 

My friends getting the tacos and banh mi (sp?) also found the new food mediocre. 

Guess that's the end of that!
This clearly should be on everyone's must stop list when it comes to a Night market event, or if seen in the city. These guys are legit, seriously they have some great combinations coming out of this truck. 

The O.G. dog is a grilled hot dog with short ribs that is covered  with some shredded red cabbage over top with an aioli making it even better. All of this goodness on a roll, not an ordinary roll mind you, it was stacked and packed on a 6 inch roll that could barely hold everything in.  Should be more like the "O.M.G. dog, and you should get it. 

They also have an amazing and refreshingly good Thai tea that needs to find its way in your hands. Add a little vodka to this , maybe some gin and now this is that perfect summer time cocktail. (21 and over mind you )

Keep up the good work guys!
I'll be the first to admit that I've got a bit of a problem. I've been known to rate picnics based on their coleslaw, I braise some mean savoy,  and I was shocked to hear that a one lb bag of sauerkraut is supposed to feed like 48 people. Not so, my friends.  Cabbage is my secret addiction. 

Accordingly, I love kimchi with the unfettered and somewhat unnatural enthusiasm of a Born Again. I came to it relatively late in life, but it sustains me.   Tyson Bees is where I get my fix. 

Hadn't been since October or so, so waited to review until the first hurrah of 2011. 

It has not changed. The Short rib and Kimchi burrito is still divine. Its hefty, and I tell myself I'll only eat half. But with that spicy sauce and kimchi; I am not terribly steadfast in my resolution. Little sprinkle of fresh cilantro, tender beef... so good. 

Penn Students are still ordering iced coffee and tea (its good, but I'm pretty sure the secret is condensed milk and I just can't justify.). I'd rather spend my money on the pork buns. 

I did not get a pork bun today.  I don't know why, I'm having diet delusions. Learn from my mistakes.   

Short line for their opening right at noon, not terrible on this sunny day.   Bring cash,  be prepared to wait a few moments.
Don't even bother to try now. 
The previous owner had amazing food and I used to be a big fan. They used to have a $6 meal (chicken with rice, later raised the price to $7)which is pretty good, and the burrito was great. 
However after it's taken over by the current owner, the food quality dramatically dropped, and less amount of food is provided per order. This sucks. 
If you are reading this review and haven't been there, simply don't.
Tyson takes food trucking to a whole different level.  Yes, the concept isn't new.  But it really rises to the top amongst your Honest Tom's and multiple cupcake trucks.  It offers innovation and options.  I mean, I love tacos, hot dogs and cupcakes...but not just that.

Here's what I also like:  I don't have to fcking chase the truck through tweets and what nots.  I hate when I make the trek to said busy ass center city location and 1) can't find parking or 2) They're not there.  Want a taco-Drexel, Cupcake-Upenn, Hot dog - God knows where at what time.    

Tyson's offers reliable stationary trucking, not to mention awesome service.  To date, I've had just about everything on their menu, except the drinks.  I love their tofu everything.  (The burger is a big soggy and breaks apart, but they gave me a fork...so all is well)

Give them a try, even if the line looks crazy.  They usually move through it pretty fast.  Plus there are plenty of wall ledges to sit and enjoy the day on.
Missed Encounters: M4W (Center City Philadelphia)

I saw you in front of Sampan this past weekend. You were wearing a coat colored with yellows, oranges, and of course, bees.

I was the tall, disheveled and below-average-looking guy who ordered the green curry chicken and pork bun, both some of the best Korean dishes I've found: The green curry, with the perfect amount of heat, flavor, and consistency; and the pork bun was like biting into some kind of salty marshmallow-hybrid that hasn't been invented on Earth yet.

When I finally worked up the courage to ask if you would be my go-to Center City lunch and quick dinner spot, I found an early 90s Nissan in your place and nothing left but discarded wrappers and a single tear rolling down my face. Well, that and a homeless man who I hope was just furiously itching himself, but gone nonetheless.

I am sorry I was too shy to visit you again. Can you ever come back?
hey phl.  so this whole eastward migration of trends is just a bit on the slow side.  if clothing trends moved at this pace, i would probably be still wearing a midriff baring top and low rise jeans a la britney spears.

anyways, so finally, there's a truck that serves korean bbq tacos.
even better, it's a block away from my weekday workplace.  the pork buns are no momofuku... but hey, it comes from a darn truck, and it's darn tasty.  and, only a whopping $3.
the tacos...  well, i've had my share of these mish-mash tacos... and its not my fave, texturally.  the meat reminds me more of bulgogi.  don't love the ginger-y bits that kept popping up.  but hey, i know some folk who would love this.

but, for the pork buns, i'd happily go back.  and next time, i'm gonna try the curries.  way to finally catch up on a food trend, phl.  thank you tyson, for bringing this to reality here!
I usually love Korean Mexican fusions, and was really excited for this. However, as much as I wanted to really like the food, I was disappointed by the fact that their KBBQ short rib + kimchi burrito ($5!) was really 90% white rice with purple cabbage, and maybe 10% short rib and a few pieces here and there of kimchi. There were points throughout the burrito that I felt like I was just eating plain white rice with a wrap around it... at least flavor the rice. I don't think I will be coming back.
I just learned that this truck is now closed citing a management transition.

The first time I went I wanted to try something new.  I got curry of the week.  It was delicious as expected, but as time went on $4 curry went up to $5.  When I asked what was up with that, the server said vegetables were getting expensive adding a quick "but you're still here and you're still buying it!!"  he sounded too cocky and made me feel like I it was a challenge so I never went back.  I did, however check the menu a while after that... it was $7 for the same dish.  Too much to spend daily for lunch.  Perhaps good as a treat, but not daily.

I know people love a nice new shiny truck, but seriously, try the silvery truck right next door, get the Singapore noodles, they're delicious.  You won't get a dirty playing card when you order, but you also won't be overpaying for quality.

Edit: They are no longer closed... they were claiming to be closed all day today, but for some reason changed their mind AND their facebook wall!

Edit: elanya m. says, "they changed ownership...tyson bees :("
I recently received this message from a Yelp user who goes by the name "brian f." in response to my negative review: 

"you are obviously a tyson fan,so mocking the truck this way is just unfair when we are the original owners who tried to help tyson out since he failed at all his attempts of restaurants and new ventures he tried..I feel you are unfair and karma comes back to you.We are honest people making a living and you are a poor excuse and will never have a business in life with your untrue accusations."

I hope that the owners will persuade Brian to stop harassing people.
Sadly the chef and staff are not at this food truck anymore, and they have new management/staff. No more trips to this taco truck, the service and food is not the same. If anyone knows where they have gone to or if they opened up somewhere else let me know, I got all my friends and family hooked, and now we need another place!!
This truck has recently been taken over by a new operator. That means... not the same cheery, wonderful staff and most likely not the same delicious food you all are used to.

I will sincerely miss the original crew. The truck won't be the same without them.
Yum!  The BBQ lemongrass pork banh mi is fresh and flavourful.  Pork is succulent.  This version is not like a traditional banh mi, but it sure is tasty!
Nope, nope, nope. 
I had gone a lot to Tyson's bees last year for lunch dates, but then it had dropped off my radar. When a friend suggested it, I was relatively excited.

First of all, when I tried to order the Korean short rib, I was promptly told "not to order that" and to instead get some random chicken meal. I may not *look* like the most adventurous eater, but I did order what I wanted... Anyway,  I'm not in the habit of just ignoring advice from the person making the food, so I took the chicken tacos and was expecting greatness considering I hadn't even ordered it in the first place. A whole lot of eehhh, even for a food truck. Expensive at around ~7 and a tiny portion to boot. To top it all off, my friend, who also didn't particularly love her meal, ended up getting violently ill. DON'T GO HERE!
Out of all the food trucks around University City, I think this place is one of my top 5 picks.

The people that work there are super friendly and the food they offer is very unique, not something I can find at other food trucks. 

I can think of some better places to get pork buns *cough Chinatown cough* but for a food truck, they do a pretty good job at making them. The tacos aren't bad either. The korean bbq tacos didn't live up to the expectations I made in my head, but it wasn't bad. I think my favorite was the thai chicken basil taco.

I'm definitely going back again to try the rest of their menu and their drinks. Cant beat a nice cold thai iced tea on a sunny spring day.

Pros: Cool owners. Unique/tasty food
Cons: Long lines during lunch
I was a huge fan of Tyson Bee's under their original owner.  Now that ownership has changed hands the quality of the food is much lower.  In the past the Thai Basil Chicken rice bowl had actual pieces of basil in the dish.  The order I had yesterday had two flecks of sadly wilted basil and chicken that looked like it had been cooked a day or two before.  There was also no line at 1pm, which was pretty unusual.  This spring and into the early summer there would often be a crowd of people waiting to pick up their food, a pretty good indication that the product is worth the wait (not always the case with lunch trucks).  Talking with a friend yesterday who was also a big fan of Tyson Bees' original owners, he said that a pork belly bun he ordered was under cooked to the point of being inedible.  This is not good.

Besides the food, since the new owners took over, I've often been waiting for my order and been forced to listen to the employees belting out bad karaoke along with pop songs blasting from a radio inside the truck.  It's disappointing that the new owners, who seem to be affiliated with the restaurant Girasole, have let Tyson Bees fall so far.  What was once a consistently enjoyable lunch truck experience is now a shadow of its former self.  Bad food in a brightly colored wrapper.

Tyson Bees: get your act together or watch your line disappear.
They're aiming for Asian and Mexican Fusion, and the holy grail of that seems to be the Short Rib and Kimchi Burrito. My bar for Korean food is set fairly high, and Korean/Mexican Fusion even higher after being exposed to carts from the West Coast, so I went for it with less than stellar expectations. Turns out my forecast was correct. 

While the burrito itself was large and filling, the ratio of meat to rice and kimchi was unfortunately too low. In particular, there was an overwhelming amount of cabbage and not enough short rib to compensate. I would have preferred the cabbage to also have been sliced smaller. The pieces they put in your burrito are quite large and, while i'm all for textural variety and a solid crunch in burritos. This made it hard not to just get a mouthful of cabbage upon each bite. As for the meat itself, the flavor was nothing outstanding and the short rib seemed more like bulgogi than anything else.  The marinade on the beef seemed more like a simple teriyaki sauce than true korean bbq.

Still, for around $5, it's not a bad option if you need a break from the hospital and want a quick and different meal.
I have been the original Tyson Bees greatest supporter when Chef Tyson Ophaso and crew were operating it and its greatest critic when they left. My Facebook comments about the post-Ophaso food were so harsh that I saw the new crew pointing at me and whispering things about me and my Facebook messages.

When the original crew left, something happened. The quality went down considerably. The rice was not evenly cooked and the curries were too salty. I can accept an almost-version of the original rice dishes at $1 cheaper, but at the time of the transition and for a year or so afterwards, it just wasn't up to par. Slowly, but surely, the truck rebuilt my confidence in its food. If you have the original recipes and the experience to tweak what's wrong with the outcome, you will eventually do better.

I like the Korean BBQ burritos. They're always good. This week's curry of the week addressed my two issues and did so gloriously. Let me say that I'm a harsh judge of Asian cuisine, especially Thai-based cuisine. I feel that Tyson Bees finally got it right. More water in the rice makes it sticky, which is better than uncooked. I feel that washing the rice might make it better. I like the flavor of today's curry. I have no idea what it is. They could've made it up. Is it red or penang? I don't know. I just know it's got a lot of nice notes of flavor in it and a hint of spice to make it nice yet accessible to the masses. A well-spent $6. Congrats, new-Tyson Bees and keep up the good work! I'm sure my experiences will be even better in the future.
I have eaten here a few times when I'm on Penn campus. The food seems to lose flavors over time. I usually get the Korean beef tacos with Thai iced tea. For the most part, the food was legit, even though the meat is very little. One of the things I love about tacos is that, you have a lot of food packed between a small tortilla, so you get such big flavor in a small bite. Tyson Bees double stacked their tortilla and gave very little meat so you ended up tasting more flour than protein.

With that said however,  Tyson Bees is still a staple at UPenn and I will probably continue to buy food from here. The reason why I had to give a lower star is because of the last time I was here. I ordered Thai iced tea and for some reason, it was so bad that day. The tea tasted like left over tea someone drank and the ice melted out. I couldn't finish it, it was bland. If you're looking to try something new and you're in the area, stop by, I don't recommend driving all the way here though. There's much better options throughout the city.
Tyson Bees was awesome before it was sold in June. This is why the overall rating for the truck is still so high; it's using its past brilliance to carry its severe mediocrity today. 

The food quality has gone very far downhill. It seems rice has replaced nearly every expensive ingredient that formally was used liberally. Moreover, I have been back to the truck twice since it changed hands in June, and both times I was told they could not make the steamed pork buns; both times I ordered them around noon so there is no way they could be out of ingredients. That's a Korean staple, and one of Tyson Bees' calling cards, yet the new owners are incapable of making them even if they are listed on their menu.

Yesterday was my last visit to the truck. It's not worth the amount of time and money to go there when there are better options elsewhere. I predict Tyson Bees' time is limited unless they clean up their act.
Tyson Bees was great when I tried it a couple of weeks ago.  I got the steamed pork bun, which was phenominal!  I also got the thai chicken burrito ... which was good, but couldn't hold a candle to the steamed pork bun.

I'm sad to say that the original chef had a disagreement over the direction in which to continue with his business partners, so he's no longer involved with the truck.  Time will tell if the quality stays where it was, although I've heard rumblings that it's already started to fall.
Just a quick note for now- the truck is most definitely NOT closed since I went there and got some delicious red curry tofu about 5 minutes ago.  Rejoice!
for a truck on a student campus, the prices/portions are disappointing.  it is unique and probably a nice change from cafeteria food though!  

my husband brought me here and suggested the rice dish he usually gets - lemongrass pork.  it contained rice, pork, chick peas and some kind of mayo based special sauce (and i think some kind of greens).  it was tasty bc of the sauce but the pork was dry!
Yelp users: also sort ratings by trend. The picture will tell you all there is to know. 

This truck recently appeared like a bright star on West Philly's dining sky, but it turned out to be a shooting star. The ownership changed and now the truck appears to be run by a bunch of cretinesque punks. The chicken is old and does not have any of the flavors of the gravy. The curry of the week used to be fresh with chick peas and potatoes. Now the potatoes have their skins on them (never will you find this in an Asian curry) and the chicken is clearly been cold stored separately and is therefore dry and hard. The new owners deserve a medal for ruining a great business.
We sampled the steamed buns, short rib sandwich and Tacos.   Let me just say it was all banging!!!!    No joke!  Ill def go back!!!
I had to edamame taco, it was good, but could have had a Lil bit more stuff in it. The tofu over rice was delicious, the Veggies in it very good, & I luv the sauce the put on both, the tofu & the edamame taco. I really wish they had brown rice!!!  I wanna try the Vietnamese tofu hoagie, and the tofu wrap one day!
I am trying out the various food-trucks in University City and I vaguely remembering uwishunu.com recommending it. Yelp had an aggregate of 4 stars so I assumed it would be at the very least, decent. What I did not know was that it had come under new management.

I trekked from Center City to 33rd and Spruce, whilst singing "the hills are alive with the sound of music..." for I was very excited about the prospects of some good Asian food. Amazing food for cheap can give you quite the high!  

Anyway I was greeted with no line whatsoever. That is when I realised something was wrong. How tragic? I was about to find out. I ordered the curry of the week and thai basil chicken ($7 each).  

On opening the box my jaw almost dropped. There sitting on top of a bed of rice was hardly any curry and whatever little curry there was had not been mixed properly with the chicken. Seriously trying to discover the curry was similar to an excavation of dinosaur bones. 

DAYLIGHT ROBBERY comes to mind when I think of this truck. If you are going to charge $7 for a meal there had better be more than just rice! Go to Cucina Zapata for your Thai food fix. 

AVOID TYSON BEES AT ALL COSTS!
best  bahn mi ever if ur looking for a different twist...my fav traditional is Qt but this has more meat and is more filling.
banging tacos too....don't miss this spot
change of management and the food quality has plummeted.  despite this, the prices went up.  some of the vegeterian options are gone.  

had the thai basil chicken on rice today and rather than serving the chicken, soybeans/chickpeas, and kimchi  partitioned, they just scrambled everything together.  it looked pretty unappetizing.  for some reason, i got no kimchi either.  perhaps they took this off the menu as well.

really a shame.  i don't know how much chef ophonso (the prev. owner) was in it for the love of food vs. the money, but these guys are definitely out to make a quick profit.  shortsighted as it seems the lines of ppl theu used to attract at lunch time have disappeared.
Shameful but true.  I went back here 2 additional times in one week (3 times total in 5 days).  Since my initial visit, I've tried the chicken taco, kimchi hot dog, lemongrass pork bahn mi, and the thai iced tea.  All of it was awesome.  My only critique is that Tyson should get different buns for the hot dog and the bahn mi.  Using a common toasted soft sandwich bread for both dishes does an injustice to both.  The hot dog slid all over the place without the happy and secure cradle of a hot dog bun and the bread could not hold up against the pork, cucumber and banana pepper jammed bahn mi.  These shortcomings lead to hasty devouring and less contemplative bird gazing and thoughtful enjoyment.  Get them only if you're eating with good friends or alone.

Otherwise, rock on Tyson Bees!
In the last two months I have moved radically in the Vegan/vegetarian direction. One of the fun aspects of doing this is looking at meat heavy menus and trying to find the best vegetarian options.

This was a great exercise for my first trip to Tyson Bees. The menu is mostly meat and it all sounds delicious. I found the Edamame Taco and grilled tofu over rice. 

Neither is Vegan as both have a great spicy aioli . The edamame is diced and made almost into an edamame salsa. I really liked this taco. I wish the taco truck at the Plymouth Meeting Whole Foods made one. 

The grilled tofu over rice was a real pleasant surprise. Same spicy aioli. Grilled tofu. Sliced cucumbers. Scallions. It all came together quite pleasantly. The only drawback was that it was white rice. It that was brown rice I would happily finish the whole thing. 

Overall, I really like the quality of the food and look forward to another meal there.
$18.00 for lunch for two.

While I must profess to being american born, american bred, and thus with american taste buds, the food here was still wonderful. 

I ordered the jungle curry, which consisted of grilled slabs of tofu over rice with curry over top, and sides of kimchi and a bean salad. The kimchi was not to my tasting, but according to those who do enjoy it, the kimchi is good. The bean salad was alright, a little bland but it was clearly fresh and still quite good. The star of this though was the.tofu curry. 

My lord. Phenomenal. 

The tofu was not dried out and old, rice was obviously not left out from the night before. And the sauce, awesome. It had the perfect combination of sweet, garlic, and spice. And coming from.someone who can't get enough garlic, that's saying something. 

The overall size of the meal was on the large side. I would've been satisfied without the sides (granted I didn't eat all of my kimchi) 
In all, if you get the chance to stop by for lunch, while I can only attest to its flavour, others tell me its quite authentic as well.
I need to take a moment to thank Tyson Bees Food truck for the many pre-Tuesday 5:30 class dinners they provided this past spring semester.

On my second trip I noticed something called a Tofu Wrap" on the menu. It promptly became my standard go-to for dinner before class. The wrap has simply grilled tofu, white rice (yeah, I know, I wish it was brown) diced carrots and an irresistible and quite spicy aioli that I can't stop thinking about for long stretches at a time. Absolutely delicious and a nice filling but not too guilty dinner.

Be careful though: they close at 4ish every day. If its 4:15 and you're not there yet, you are almost certainly out of luck.
WHAT?!?!?! Is this Asian or Mexican or a Sweets truck?!?!? You can't miss this colorfully designed truck parked by Franklin field and HUP. I FINALLY had a chance to try it out!!!

I got the OG Hot Dog (all beef dog topped with korean bbq short ribs and kimchi) and the korea bbq short rib taco. I think I was so excited to try it, that I had a somewhat high expectation. So here are the little things I would change, don't put as much spicy aoili sauce and red cabbage on the hot dog, also don't want the kimchi on it. I also wished the korean bbq short ribs was tastier in flavor. Overall, it was pretty delicious for a truck. I think I'll go back to try the banh mi sandwich and the thai chicken taco at some point.
Your standard grease cart or food truck serves decent food but never anything worthy of the title "quality." I was blown away by the quality of the food and service at Tyson Bees. 

I STRONGLY suggest the Kobe Beef taco or the steamed pork bun! These were both incredible! I hear they are going to expand their simple menu in the future, but for now they have everything I need. I can't wait to stop by again.

Possibly my best food truck experience??
I had a quite filling and yummy tofu wrap (which was more like a burrito in it's density) for 5 bucks here yesterday.  The filling was tofu, edamame, chickpeas, rice, and some sauce and veggies.  I would go here again.
Tyson Bees takes on a somewhat mythical stature among the legion of food trucks around Penn's campus, possibly because of its name and its truck. It took me until my last semester at school to make my exodus to this vaunted canteen on wheels, and I was not disappointed. 

The location is quite convenient for students and employees residing in the nearby buildings, and Tyson Bees is one of several food trucks forming a community in the Franklin Field parking lot. I've opted for the short rib burrito, which was quite satisfying in both size and flavor. My only comments would be that the distribution of ingredients within the burrito was somewhat uneven, with a couple clumps of plain rice meeting my mouth. However, I like the Asian fusion ideas going into such standard fare as banh mi, chicken and rice, and tacos, all at a cost of no more than $5-8. 

If only I had found this place sooner, perhaps my stomach and wallet would be thanking me to this day.
I try to avoid West Philly.
Tyson Bee's came to 20th and south outside of an art show my friend was in instead of their usual west philly location.
Score one for me!

I was short on cash but I needed to experience this food truck that I had heard so much about. the painting on the outside of the truck alone is enough to make my heart melt with adorableness. 

One taco is $3, I got the edamame taco. as a lover of all things that involve tacos, THIS TACO DOES NOT DISAPPOINT. I spent a good hour thinking about it after I ate it, and telling all who would listen to me go on about how it was the best taco i may have ever eaten. 

Also, they give you a playing card, I got queen of diamonds, that they shout out when your order is ready. such a cool idea!
This place was the best food truck in university city when they opened last year. Since they were taken over by new owners, it's now the best place to get a rice-filled tortilla covered in sauce, what they call the kimchi burrito. I've tried it three times this semester and have been disappointed all three times, especially after the high standards set by the old owners. If they're going to skimp on ingredients (basically all ingredients besides rice and sauce) they should decrease their prices accordingly.
The food and service has dramatically gone down hill since the change in ownership. This used to have been my favorite food truck, sadly not anymore. The taste and quality of the food is not the same as before.
Ran into this truck at Night Market. Their BBQ short rib taco was very delicious. I typically don't like those dry corn tortillas but the aioli made it quite delectable.
This is my favorite food truck - I LOVE this place. I am a huge fan of the thai basil quesadilla - I would highly recommend. It's so simple yet so delicious how could you not want to try it. I've also had the short rib burrito, which I thought was a great deal for just $5. The only reason I don't order it every time is because it ends up being too much food for me. I've also had the taco versions of these two options and they're just as great and 2 tacos end up being just the right amount - you may want to get three if you're feeling extra hungry.
I am a taco enthusiast, and holy moly, Tyson Bee's RULES. Good prices, organized ordering system, and also fast service. I had been waiting to try them for a long time, and finally got to during the PIFA Street Fair. It was super crowded but we were still served efficiently and effectively. I had a Thai basil chicken taco and a Korean BBQ short rib beef taco...both awesome. Just awesome. Quality tacos at a reasonable price. I think about Tyson Bee's often, I'm either trekking out to 33rd & Spruce soon, or begging them to do their Broad & Bainbridge weekend stop soon! Probably the best truck in town, duh.
I had the burrito and boy was it fantastic. For the price ($5), the burrito was full of deliciousness. Inside was a smorgasbord or rice, beef, and a host of tasty edibles. The only downside was that there was a lot of rice which took away from the other flavors.

Good news veggies, there are plenty of vegan/veg options on the menu, so you should definitely check it out!
The OG hot doggie was amazing. Even the BEE doggie was amazing. I'm not so sure how i feel about the short rib tacos though. It was just lacking something that I can't exactly pinpoint. If I could, I'd prob give them a 3.5 since two-thirds of my meal was quite pleasing and the other third, not so much.

I hope to run into them at 2nd and Spring Garden so I can give other items on their menu a try.
if you try one thing, and one thing only.... THE PORK BUN! It'll fill you up nice and taste absolutely amazing. I'm excited to see what the bee's are planning for the future.
I thought it was going to taste like Kogi truck (the korean-mex truck that's HUGE in socal), and even though it's korean-mex as well, it tastes entirely different! This one is much more mellow, but it was really tasty! Their tacos are very flavorful and I think better than their burritos, but the burrito is the better value.

Anyway, glad I could try a food truck from the east coast! I am impressed :)
The tacos on this truck are amazing. Thai Basil Chicken and Korean BBQ Beef. Great prices. 3/$8 Highly recommend!!!
This food truck is great! I've only been once, I tried the edamame tacos and the chicken tacos. Usually I prefer vegetarian food to meat, but I gotta say the chicken tacos were amaz and def better than the edamame ones. The edamame ones were still pretty good, but not as good as the chicken. The nice thing is you can do any combo of the tacos you want in an order, so you can try them both.
Def plan on going back here to try out the other stuff!
I trudged down here last week in the pouring rain but the truck wasn't there... so sad. 

Luckily I decided to try again the next day and had what has become one of my new favorite sandwiches, the barbecue lemongrass pork banh mi. The contrast of crispy, fresh vegetables (pickles, cabbage slaw, huge sprigs of cilantro) and soft, flavorful pork was fantastic. And I came back again for a pork bun, also delicious, and adorably composed in its little styrofoam container, complete with a long fork for cleaning up the mess (because trust me, there WILL be a mess).

The prices are really reasonable considering; $5 for a decently sized sandwich, $3 for a pork bun. Staff are cheerful and the idea of handing out cards to identify your order is cute, and some of the other menu options are extremely intriguing to me (kimchi quesadilla and O.G. dog are next on my list). 

A welcome new addition to the West Philly food truck scene, for sure.
Food's pretty good, better than a lot of other food trucks around, but it doesn't quite pull together.  

Recently had the BBQ Lemongrass Pork over rice.  Couldn't taste any lemongrass.  Pork seemed overcooked.  Sauce didn't quite go with the pork and overwhelmed everything, not that there was much else going on flavour-wise.  Beans were nice.

Be prepared to wait a while.
I don't have much to go on here other than one BBQ taco.  During the PIFA festival, I stopped by the truck early in the day for a pre-lunch snack.  First, things were pricey. $3 for a taco. Ouch. Once you order, they hand you a playing card so they can better match who ordered what. Neat idea that works.  

It took about 5 minutes to make my taco that had some braised beef and a vinegared cabbage and radish that was supposed to replace kimchi.  Let's be clear, they should just use kimchi.  And cilantro. 

Honestly, the taco flavor was decent, and the cabbage & radish provided a nice crunch. I was happy with it, but for the price, the wait, and the overall quality, it's only a 3-star experience.
The much revered pork bun had me conflicted. The piece of meat itself is work of art. I love when a chef knows how to handle the fat on pork belly, and here it was creamy, salty, fat perfection. Generally, I want a bigger piece for $3, it was barely 2 bites. But what made it seem even smaller was how overwhelmed the meat was in the bun. It was a feat of strength having to ignore the doughy bits in my mouth so that I could focus on only the decadent meat taste.
under the new owners this truck has plumeted. used to be the best in town, no longer.
A very pleasant addition to the food truck scene further east on Penn's campus.  Fun Asian fusion dishes.

Can be a bit of a wait, and the vegetarian options are a little limited.
As a penn grad student, this one is my go-to truck for lunch. Stood out among the neighboring food trucks as soon as I tried the Korean BBQ chicken wrap.  The tofu wrap is a nice alternative for vegetarians. 

The Thai tea tastes fantastic, yet the calorie count, given its sweetness, might be a little high. When asked how much calories the tea has, the guy said they don't know. Hope they could put some numbers there for the weight watchers... Other than that, the noon crowd every day (they only do lunch times) says it all.
I tried one of Tyson Bees Thai basil chicken tacos. To be honest it wasn't the bees knees but it didn't taste like Burt's bees either so that is a good thing. And the taco was not greasy at all so I am sure I won't get stung later.
I love the concept of this food truck and had been meaning to try it for a while! Its a mix between Korean and Mexican food. I ordered a Thai Basil Chicken Taco and a Tofu Sandwich. The taco was pretty good really good! It was well-seasoned and the chicken was juicy. The tofu sandwich however was bland and dry. I couldn't eat most of it because it was so tasteless. I also had to wait in a really long line to order and had to wait even longer to get my food. 

Instead of giving people order numbers, Tyson Bees gives out playing cards. This caused all sorts of confusion as people kept mishearing the cards he called out. Overall, not a great experience.
One of the most interesting food trucks in Philly. It is a hybrid between korean and mexican food. The result is an incredibly tasty and filling lunch. I usually get the sandwich, which is only $5, as opposed to the tacos, which are really good too but $8. The meat is always good, the sauce is amazing, and the selection of vegetables is unexpected and delicious. Definitely a must try for everyone around Penn's campus.
Wahoo! Finally found the time to make a special trip to U. City for Tyson Bees. Had the roasted pork Banh Mi and one beef taco. Fabulous! The flavors and sauces were great - and loved the radishes, carrots, cucumbers and cilantro they put on them.

Can't wait to go again.

One issue though, their website is messed up. It doesn't seem to really be their site - even though it says it is. There's no menu on the site, just links to other sites - kinda weird.
amazing food.  flavors aren't exactly Korean but they're meant to be a fusion of Thai, Mexican, Vietnamese, and Korean flavors.  Amazing.

Order-taker, super cute.  System of ordering w/ a deck of cards, super smart & innovative!

See the pics I posted for everything I tried which were each incredibly delicious.  Short walk from Penn and although there was a line, it went extremely quickly.  I walked there, ordered, came back to school, ate and chatted with friends, cleaned up--all in 1 hour.

i heart you tyson bees!  you guys should apply to america's amazing food truck race!
This place used to be very absolutely amazing before the management got changed. 

The food you get is not worth the price you pay. The banh mi is oversalted and drenched with soy sauce, and the rice dishes come with wilted vegetables with depressing portions of meat. 

Please go to King Wok, or the food trucks across the hospital- you get so much more for about half the price you would have to pay here.
I don't know why everyone is hating on Tyson Bees.  I never went to the truck under the old owners - so maybe that was just transcendent and this is comparatively awful - but I really like this truck.  I had both the Bahn Mih and another time the three taco special.  The Bahn Mih was flavorful (albeit a little greasy) and seemed pretty fresh.  The tacos were delish and super super filling.  The only thing I didn't like was the pork bun - it's a tiny slice of porkbelly with a radish on some bun, not even close to being worth $3.  Other than that it's a solid lunch choice.
In a parking lot filled with six or seven food carts/trucks, Tyson Bees is definitely the most noticeable truck and probably has the most interesting type of food too (the others are your standard Chinese, Middle Eastern, and sandwich carts). I've only tried the Korean BBQ short rib beef & kimchi burrito (beef, kimchi, rice, spicy mayo, and a bit of cilantro) which is a decent and filling lunch for $5. I just didn't like that there was so much rice and that the rice was so mushy.

Pluses: they also have vegetarian-friendly dishes like tofu wraps. And I've only been twice, but both times were around noon and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my food.
I've been hearing about this place for so long, finally decided to give it a try--no line, which is unusual. Ordered a chalkboard special, the Thai basil chicken quesadilla. Service was quick, price was OK for what I was expecting, then I got back to work and opened the (styrofoam!!??!?) box. The first thing I see is the drizzle of Cheez Wiz all over my food. The second thing I notice is just how orange the filling of my sandwich looks. The third thing I notice us that the first piece of protein I manage to find appears to be seafood of some sort, judging by the texture. The fourth thing I notice is that when I finally find a piece of chicken in all the orange goo, it has no flavor whatsoever. No chicken, certainly no Thai basil, nothing. The final thing I notice is that I will never go back.
bahn-rito was amazing and it's such an awesome concept.  want to overstuff your bahn mi but afraid it'll fall into a heaping mess in your lap?  just wrap it all up in a big burrito!  regular burrito is very tasty too.  not a huge fan of the chicken in the thai chicken tacos.  kimchee dog is sitting in the fridge since im getting ready for a big bday dinner but will update soon!
As we drove to the UPENN hospital I noticed this food truck that looks like a happy bee...so I assumed it was a honey truck...I was surely wrong! As my adopted sisters and I decide we needed a break from the hospital, we decided to take a walk...and the little bee truck as we called it was on our radar.   As we walked up to the truck and saw the menu it was like SCORE...Korean BBQ taco!  Happy Snoopy Dance!  So I ordered...the food truck lady (darn, I should have asked her name) was like you visiting at the hospital? I was like yes from Brooklyn, she was like where in BK, I was like the slopes she was like OMG...I lived there for a couple of years, I was like I'm a LIFER....she was like AWESOME...so the sisters and I take our tacos to a bench on the UPENN campus and was like DAMN this is great.
Tyson Bees is the first place I recommend to out-of-towners looking for quality food truck fare. As I conjure up the emotions to inspire this review, my mouth waters uncontrollably and heart aches with longing. If you're a non-vegetarian, do get the Thai lemongrass pork banh mi. In the past, I've ordered this sandwich with tofu; a healthy and satisfying swap albeit missing the insanely delicious morsels of roast pork. This sandwich boasts a crusty roll (hoagie-style), fresh cilantro, red cabbage slaw, sliced jalapenos, and a creamy sriracha sauce, all packed around a substantial meat base.

I also recommend the tacos, made with soft corn tortillas, cabbage slaw, a spicy sauce, and your filling of choice: chicken, edamame, or tofu-- simply ask to substitute the suggested filling with your preference.
There's a reason you almost always have to stand in line to order at this very ornately painted food truck. The reason being that it is so incredibly delicious. My go-to is the BBQ Lemongrass Pork over Rice but the Short Rib Burrito is equally delicious. The Lemongrass pork comes with a spicy sauce, I'm a wimp when it comes to spice, but this is just right. It's not only good for a food truck, but better than some food I've eaten in restaurants. The ingredients are fresh and if you can get over the fact that you're eating white rice instead of brown, you're good to go.
For two days I've had dinner ingredients waiting for me in my fridge, but I've been derailed of my best intentions by this pretty little truck sweet talking me away from cooking dinner by whispering two words: PORK. BUNS. 

Thank goodness Mr. R loves take out more than me, and isn't afraid of flavor. In two trips, we've shared the pork buns, short rib tacos, kimchi and short ribs burrito, and bahn mi. And another pork bun. 

My pork bun education started early in life with the proper Japanese "butaman" from Horai 551, so this take was different than what I expected. Similar dough, but open faced, and chunks of meat and cucumbers. The meat was tender, flavorful and fatty, but it was the cucumber topping that made this good meat bun great. Twice. The second time, I waited in the post snowstorm freezing temp, in line behind five people and it was still worth it.  Best snack $3 can buy.

The rest of the food was good too and I'll definitely be going back to try the rest of the menu.  

Prime location, by the way - at least for me, as it's on my commute and a block from work. Please don't move. I don't want to be posting missed encounters like Zachary.
Tyson Bees, you're not quite the bees knees for me.

This place is very convenient to the hospitals, which makes it a good place to grab lunch. I've recently ordered their short rib burrito, and I've ordered their kimchi fried rice a while back. The kimchi fried rice was good but not great. It makes for a good quick meal though! The short rib burrito, while flavorful, was not the type of flavor I wanted. The burrito was too heavy on the pickled red cabbage and didn't have enough meat in it. While it was good, I would like a bit more of the short rib with my order. The burrito was overpowered by the picked red cabbage and the flavors of the kimchi. 

If you're looking for quick food that is decent and doesn't break the wallet, this is as good option especially if you're in the area!
Incredible. I almost don't want to write this review because the more well known this truck gets, the longer the lines will get. However, I felt the need to indeed write this after my second lunch from Tyson Bees.

As everyone else is sayin, the pork buns are a must have. Incredible for only 3 dollars. I could see them going for double the price at a sit down restaurant.

I actually thought the Thai Basil Chicken Taco was better than the short rib one, something not many other reviews are mentioning.

In any event, if you're pondering going by the truck but haven't made it over there...please, go! Gee...greasy cheesesteak or gourmet, fresh, delicious food for 6 bucks? I'll take the latter, you should too.
This food truck is very ambitious.  It has some of the most popular and cultish asian foods out there - the korean taco, the upscale bahn mi, steamed pork-belly bun, and curry on rice.  I don't know any restaurant that does all of these things well, much less one truck.  

I decided to give the beef short-rib/kimchi burrito ($5) and the steamed pork-bun ($3) a try.  My comparable experience with these items include the eminent Kogi and Ippudo (still need to try Momofuku), so I had pretty high expectations.  The steamed pork bun did not disappoint.  Although a tad salty, the pork was cooked well, both crispy and tender, balanced nicely with cucumber slices, cilantro and a salty, almost hoisin-like sauce.  

The burrito was a good size - packed with rice, accompanied by cilantro, kimchi and diced short rib.  I understand why Tyson dices up the beef - it makes it easier to bite and distributes the meat evenly and more economically.  But I do think the burrito loses some of its integrity when the burrito appears to be mostly rice with little bits of beef in the mix.  The kimchi on the other hand, could have been chopped up a bit more; my incisors are too weak to bite the cabbage cleanly from the burrito.  The flavors were not as intense as I would have liked - probably because of the large amounts of rice.  The rice definitely deserves a little more attention from the chef so it can bring more than bulk to the burrito.  But I'm also comparing the experience to Kogi, which is probably unfair given their relative proximities to the border.

All in all, the food here is miles ahead of most of the other affordable eats (truck or restaurant) around Penn, and it is a most welcome addition to Philadelphia in general.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying everything else on the menu soon.
What first caught my attention was the brightly colored paint scheme with bees painted all over the truck. It's hard to tell what kind of food truck this is at first; actually I'm still not sure how to classify the type of food being served, it's a number of fusions put together. Thai? Korean? Mexican? Maybe even American? 
Items on the menu included hot dogs, wraps, questions, tacos and rice bowls, with seasonings like lemongrass, curry and Thai basil being featured. 
The Thai Iced Tea is not chilled to start, so it's iced at the time you order it, the room temperature drink is poured over ice right before its served. If you're craving something cold to drink on a hot day, you need to be patient while it cools over the ice. I finished the cup before any of it could have "iced". 
The food is good, but nothing great. The first impression of a wrap was that you were eating Coke slaw. The majority of the chicken wrap was rice and cabbage. The Korean short rib tacos were okay, but didn't have much substance, mostly cabbage again. The Thai basil quesadilla was tasty, but didn't make much of a meal in itself. 
All in all, the food is good, but what we tried truly wasn't enough to be a meal and we found ourselves hungry again a short time later.
Love food trucks in general, but Tyson Bees is one of my favorites at Penn. 

My only gripe is that it's pretty much on the edge of campus next to Franklin Field. There's usually a line every time I go but I think that's a testament to the truck's popularity! The wait goes by pretty quickly and they give you a playing card (e.g. Queen of Hearts) to differentiate between the many orders.

I usually get the combo of 2 tacos and a Thai tea for $8. The Korean BBQ short rib beef taco and the Thai basil chicken taco are both great! I've also had the curry of the week (red curry/yellow curry) multiple times.

Plus, how can you not love the truck itself?! It's super cute and oh so colorful!
Conveniently located near the math and science buildings at Penn, Tyson Bees appears to provide a creative, interesting Asian fusion alternative to the many sandwich food trucks on campus. 
However, as much I want to love the concept the food always seems to fall short. I've been there twice to try the Thai Basil Chicken over rice and in a taco. 
The rice was some pieces of chicken with a spicy mayo-based sauce and chickpeas. Although it was edible, and I was left relatively satisfied, for $7 (on the higher side for food trucks), I simply expected more. 
The tacos were just sad. They were oddly watery, and the chicken tasted bland. I just didn't get any of the Thai flavors I was expecting. Now try the chicken satay tacos at Cucina Zapata and you'll see what I'm talking about.
Tyson Bee is definitely a solid food truck option near the hospital or UPenns campus. The korean Mexican fusion is a welcome change to the food truck norm.

The good: the korean bbq short run and sauce in the korean bbq tacos are to die for!!!! Sadly, the accompanying veggies and soft taco are hit or miss. The location is awesome for anyone working in the hospital area and it offers a different style of cuisine that isnt really seen elsewhere in the area.

The bad: Cost ($8) for three small tacos. Ironically, as I love tyson for deviating from the food truck norm, I don't love that it also does so in price. I am used to getting a meal and a drink standard for $5 or less.
Worst over rice meal I've ever had. Picture looks enticing at first sight but when looking closely you will find there is nothing more than just a few pieces of tofu with a few peas and a few slices of carrots. Tons of sauce, bland rice. Not worth the price.
Tried the banh mi pork! Was finished pretty quickly, but I had just missed the lunch rush. The truck also features thai iced tea, rice bowls, and kimchi. 

There were some really fresh toppings on my bahn mi, but the pork was not what I was expecting for a bahn mi. Although pork quality wasn't there, there were some good parts to it. There are some fusion toppings on it so it's not just your straightforward Vietnamese roll, but it had the spice level and flavor that I remembered from the spicy mayo and pickled cabbage all topped on a pretty solid, light yet strong roll. I think the fusion threw me off a bit, but I enjoyed what I had. There are a few food trucks like this in the area, not sure if this is my favorite but I'll try a rice bowl, which it seemed like most people were getting! Or the short rib tacos.
It's been over a year since I had the yellow curry at Tyson Bee's. When they changed ownership, I noticed that the food took a nosedive. The rice was not completely cooked, the curry was too salty, and the chicken overcooked. I had previously rated the new Tyson Bee's as poor, then edible, and now I must say that the kinks have been ironed out. I've upgraded the yellow curry to good. Because it is good. It's not the same as the old yellow curry, but I can live with that. It's still a little salty, but if they work on making it less so, I'd give it four stars. You did good, new owners.
