Much, much better than Koreana. While slightly more expensive, I can attest that the soon doo boo is hearty and a real meal, especially if you dine in since they give you the raw egg and side dishes of pickled radishes and kimchi. I also love how the soup dishes are always bubbling when they come out, and simply teeming with tofu. I always get the seafood soondooboo and am always satisfied at how much fresh seafood (especially the squid) and tofu (almost half a block, probably) is in the bowl. Add in the generous heaping of rice, and you'll be full for half a day. 

Service is simply fine; they try to do their best with what they have, although sometimes there is a language barrier. They are also pretty inflexible if you have any restrictions: no substitutions, and certain things cannot be take-out.
A lot of stuff not going right with this place. We were sat on a pretty open Tuesday night and the table was not cleaned off. It still had pieces of rice and sauce spilled on it. Also, we were not handed a menu until 5 minutes later lol. Water glasses reeked of dish soap. I ordered the beef sundubu ($11.90). Broth was watery and tasteless. The temperature of the sundubu was so low that my egg did not even cook fully. Tofu was soft and silky. Service is non-existent. Banchan was literally just kimchi and daikon. 

Just no. Not coming back.

$10 minimum on credit/debit card.
a huge group of us came to U-town for a Korean night (we're exploring different cuisines!) We ended up ordering so much food. Seriously. We had the soft tofu soup, the kimchi soup, the grilled spicy pork belly, the LA short ribs, the bimbimbop (rice bowl), and a spicy rice cake plate. 

it was AMAZING. i highly recommend the grilled spicy pork belly-- it has a nice smokey-ness to it and the soft tofu soup was so warming on this chilly night. 

the wonderful food simply added to our already wonderful company.

Now brb, I'm going to roll myself back home and doze off in a food coma.
UTown is home to me. While I admit it is not the world's most amazing Korean food, it is simple and homey enough to have everyday (which is what I do). After spending a significant amount of form surveying the food scene in NYC Ktown this past summer, I can say that some dishes (such as the galbi tang) are on par if not better than the average Ktown restaurant. 

Plus the owners are super nice and always remembers our special orders :)

I've sampled nearly the entire menu, here are the favorites and unfavorites:  

Highly recommend:
- Galbitang (spicy and non-spicy version)
- Dakdoritang (amazing potato soup, perfect for winter)
- Budaejigae (don't be shy and ask for more ramen)
- Mul Naengmyun
- Kimchi Fried Rice
- Grilled Spicy Pork Belly
- Steamed Pork Dumplings
- Kimbap (just wish it had spam!)

Pretty good
- Jajjangmyun
- kimchi jigae
- Deuk guek (for those who like lighter dishes)
- Hot Stone Pots
- Kalbi
- Sachontangmyun (love the spicy soup base)

Would not recommend:
- tteokbokki (not chewy enough, not a fan of the sauce flavor)
- Pajeon (not crispy enough, get this at 5 senses in NYC) 
- Japchae (it's not terrible but just quite oily)
- Fried Chicken (flavor is underwhelming, but as a disclaimer, I don't like Korean friend chicken that much)
- Salmon Terriyaki (this is just not the place for this)
U-Town is just okay in my book. Food is alright, but it really loses points in terms of value. It's not only just has a more expensive than Koreana, but you also need to pay tip for pretty much the same type of service you get at Koreana. 

To preface - I'm not a huge expert on Korean food. I have tried some of the soups and the soondubu. They were pretty yummy! I've heard from other people who are more familiar with Korean food that U-Town generally has better food than Koreana on a general level, but some dishes in Koreana are better. Again, not an expert but the food is fine. 

However, I personally think that U-Town is super cramped and it's really hard to get a seat during dinner-time. There aren't a ton of tables, and a lot of the time I was forced to eat sitting on these stools with a small side table. Not super comfortable. These seats also give me a sense of "order, eat, leave." That's totally cool for me. It's efficient to eat this way as a student. The waiters just walk around taking orders and serving the food, and the water is given in a large canister in the beginning so there's no need for them to pour you more water. So I don't really see the need for table service, and I think that it would function better as a cafeteria - kinda like what Koreana does.

tl;dr - food is fine, but I'm confused about the service concept and think that Koreana does it better for less and without a tip.
The restaurant is getting more popular these days.

During dinner time, you may wait about 30 mins to be able to get your meal.

Best call for take out or call before you come.

 Come after 8pm would be better.
Mediocre all around. The food was passable--or at least the dumplings and bulgogi were. I did spend a summer in Korea, so it is possible that my standards are too high... I do think Tampopo is better though.

The service is downright terrible; they point you to a table and forget about you. They really need a better system! Like many other reviewers, we've had to flag down waiters for water and menus. And then the food takes a while to come out. I never notice the decor or atmosphere, so I suppose it's forgettable.

This place is always full, so there must be something I'm missing. Or perhaps the waitstaff is so slow that the same patrons are in the restaurant all night... who knows! I would try it again if there was more seating and better service.
I was a huge fan of my night at U-Town. The meals are pretty hearty and filling and it's BYOB so you can make a whole night if it. I got the kimchijigae and loved how spicy and full of flavor it was. There was tons of meat and kimchi inside, plus sides of rice and banchon to fill out the meal. The whole place was packed all evening, and I think that's a testament to how much people enjoy getting some quick Korean food on a weeknight for moderate prices. Vegetable mandu were alright.
New Korean restaurant at UPenn, on 40st next to Fresh Grocer. 

We tried Naeng Myun (cold noodle) and Jangban Jajang (Noodle serve with pork sauce). Both very good. My girlfriend is Korean, she's very satisfied the taste.
U-Town is definitely one of the better Korean restaurants I've been to that cater to Americans. It's a small joint on the Penn campus and the service is great. The servers are all very polite and respectful. 

Each table has a large bottle of water so you can self-refill. The food as a whole is good, albeit a bit salty for my taste. The mushroom soondubu is my favorite so far. The kimchi here is good, unlike Koreana's dry and bitter kimchi. 

Price is reasonable. I've been here 3 times already, and will definitely be coming back to satiate my Korean-American food cravings.
I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. As a Korean, its really hard to find Korean food that does not taste like MSG....The food here tastes more authentic than other Korean restaurants around this area.They have a wide variety of choices. 

The food is hit or miss depending on what you get & your exepectations for Korean food. The chicken dish and the pa-jeon (sea-food pancake) were so-so for me. 

However, their gam-ja-tang (hot soup with meat, potatoes and veggies) was great! I was not expecting an authentic gam-ja-tang at all when I ordered it, and I was very very happy  :) Great for a cold, winter day. Also, it was not overwhelmingly salty or spicy, and had generous portions of meat. I would give more than five stars for it!
U-Town is a good place to go if you're looking for a quick Korean fix on campus!

I've been here a couple of times before, but my last visit really stood out and made a lasting impression more-so than before (whatever that might mean to you). I got the beef soondobu, which I thought was fantastic. The broth didn't taste like it was watery, and the stew contained a hearty (and well flavored) mix of vegetables, tofu, and beef. (Tip: the beef is at the bottom of the dish, so you should mix everything up a bit before eating). You're given a raw egg to crack and cook in the bowl while it's still hot, which is pretty neat if you've never seen it before. My friend got the jajangmyeon, which came in a fairly large serving. It was perfectly flavored and contained onions, pork, potatoes, and what I think was zucchini (it was hard to tell?), along with the noodles. 

Better than Koreana and similarly priced. They don't have bubble tea, but they have desserts like shaved ice. There are better places for Korean food in general, but this is one of the best in University City.
My go-to order is always the plain soondubu (which I find superior to its beef, seafood or mushroom counterparts). If you're craving authentic Korean food close-by in the University City/Center City area, this is the place to go if you're not willing to make the trek out to Jong Ka Jib in the Northeast. Especially during the winter-time, be sure to stop by for some spicy heat to thaw out frozen hands/feet!

*Tip for Korean food first-timers - crack the egg into your soup! :)
1. Bussssyyyyyy
2. Tight space
3. Saucy

Consumed:
Spicy Fried squid dish $10.50
Bulgogi $13.50

I really enjoyed the squid dish. The squid was the perfect texture and flavorful with the sauce. 

The bulgigi was a little dry, but still decent.

Give Utown a try!
The Jangban Jajang (noodle served with pork & potatoes) was so greasy - I could only eat a few bites. My friend had the bulgogi dish that's served over rice cakes & fish cakes, which I tried & found to be average.
Read the reviews before I went here.

I was a bit disappointed about the food. I got the combo set since I wanted to try the Galbi & soondubu jjigae. 

lets start off with the side dishes. Kimchi & danmuji which is the yellow radish. 
There is a saying , "if the kimchi is too sweet, or too sour.  chances are the food will not be good either."

Kimchi was a bit sour. Good to use for fried rice but not eating.
Danmuji was okay. can't make a mistake on this.

Main dishes:
Soondubu jjigae - What can I say it wasn't steaming hot...just flat and boring. Crack a egg inside and the egg yolk turn into poach egg. For some odd reason the taste felt like a mix of shin ramen powder and something else. Not much tofu and regret ordering it.
If you want good soondubu jjigae go to North Philly - Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu Restaurant or Dubu Restaurant.

Galbi - The meat was cut up in slices. portion size was okay. Having lettuce next to the galbi warm. It just didn't make any sense. If I wanted to use lettuce give it to me on the side.
warm lettuce & galbi doesn't go together.

ill try something else next time if I do come back.
U-Town is a solid place if you're looking for a Korean food (as well as other Asian Fusion foods) and doesn't disappoint. I ate the Octopus Stone Pot and was pretty satisfied by it - no complaints in sight!
This place is so inflexible. I'm vegetarian, so whenever I go to a restaurant, I often substitute the meat in certain dishes for tofu or extra veggies. I asked to substitute beef broth for veggie broth, and they said that they couldn't do that. I then asked to substitute beef for tofu, and they wanted to charge me extra. The owners actually are very stubborn with their menu.

The service is also not-that-great, since during prime dinner hours, the place is always packed, which in turn makes the servers even slower. They give you a pitcher for larger groups so you can refill your water yourself, but when the pitcher runs out of water, they completely forget about you and don't refill it for a long, long time. If you don't have a party of more than 4 people, they don't fill your water without you asking.

The food itself is alright. Nothing super spectacular about it, but it's decent and qualifies for one of the only places that serves Korean in University City. The sign at the front says it also has Japanese cuisine, which is a lie because there isn't any Japanese cuisine on the menu. If you ask the servers for their Japanese food, they'll point you to the Japanese restaurant across the street.
Personally, I think U-Town is one of the an okay option for Korean food in University City. They provide a lot of options that are a little bit on the expensive side, but the food is definitely not worth paying for to satisfy your Korean food cravings. The food is good but not great, and I believe it also depends on what you order. I would recommend their hot pot dishes (I prefer the meat options over the seafood ones) and the bibimbap. Sadly, you only get 2 side dishes: kimchi and pickled radishes. On the bright side, the portions are reasonable. Overall the service here is great and fast and I would come back for my Korean food cravings! If you haven't been here, I would at least give it a try!
4 stars because U-city desperately needs a Korean restaurant and I don't want them to go away but to be frank, I'd give them three stars. :X

I guess they just opened so they're trying to get adjusted to running a new business. The wait was super long, and the minute we walked in they said sorry cash only because they haven't set up their credit card machine yet - which I thought was kind of rude. They should've at least let us sit down and get settled? (it was pouring rain outside after all). 

Ordering the food was a bit of a mess because they kept saying they couldn't make x dish or y dish. 

Our group ordered a lot of different dishes and I think all of us thought they were pretty good except the dishes were all pretty salty - esp. the stews. 

If I were to go there again, I'd get the donkatsu (tonkatsu). I ordered the soon tofu. It was solid except they added squash in it which I thought was odd. It was suuuper salty.
Bringing more K-town to U-city.

Came here for lunch with a friend over the weekend. This place hadn't opened up by the time I graduated (RIP MexiCali), but if it had, I definitely would've frequented a lot. I'm a huge Koreana fan, and the proximity to campus would make Utown a more popular choice.

This place is more of a sit down, with wait service and water brought to your table instead of self serve. The in-house and take-out menus are identical, with lots of useful illustrations next to their huge choice selection.

I was feeling chilly and went for a seafood soondubu, while my friend went with a yuk gal tang. Some kimchi and radishes came out immediately and our food came out shortly thereafter, less than 5 minutes. To be honest, their soondubu wasn't my favorite, not because it was bad tasting, but because it was just different than I'm used to. I loved the location and environment, but I don't know if the soondubu would be the dish to bring me back.

If it's blizzarding and I'm craving Korean food, would I walk all the way to Koreana? Probably not, although if Utown doesn't step it up, I would have no choice. I'm willing to give it another try though!
A small, modest Korean restaurant located within University City. The Korean food here seems decent, and probably some of the best you'd be able to get in Philly (especially within these areas). I opted for the safest option there probably is, which was the kimchi fried rice with pork. The dish was tasty, and to be honest I had no major problems with it. I wasn't expecting much and it was much tastier than I thought. The rice was hot, flavorful, and the kimchi had a sour, savory bite to it. 

If you do end up going here, I definitely recommend checking out the kimchi fried rice. Cheers!
U-Town is marginally better than Koreana, but not by much. I've ordered the YukGalTang, which has a decent amount of tender meat but definitely missing a LOT of flavor, and the ddukbokki (not great). It's also a little pricier than Koreana and definitely a nicer establishment if you intend on dining in, but neither are really any good if you're looking for an authentic korean cuisine experience. I'd recommend checking out the food court at the Hmart in upper darby instead!
I came in to U line with an open mind not really expecting much and they quickly surpassed whatever I was thinking. The food here is legit! I had broiled prime rib and my gf had the broiled pork belly. They were both so full of umami flavor it's ridiculous! The meat was Soo incredibly tender and delicious. They also bring the meat out on a sizzling dish which adds to the ambiance (you taste with your eyes before your mouth) This place is an amazing Discovery and is on my radar. I'll be telling everyone how good the food was here
I have been here a few times and generally have found the food to be okay until today. The galbi I ordered at first glance looked like a lot of food, but the bottom was covered with large meatless bones. Last time, my portion was so large that I had to push what remained on my plate away to a lucky friend. This time, I was still hungry and had to fill myself up on free pickles. Very disappointing.
I went in to have a bibimbap. It was good. The service is non-existent (they literally give you a sport water bottle full of water to refill you own glass) and the portion quite small (I'm sure it's the right amount of food you should eat) for paying 15.00 with tip. Expensive for what it is but still good food.
Well, among the crappy food places in University City, this is my go-to place if I'm craving Korean. You have to go all the way to North Philly to find better Korean food.

I always get the Yuk-gae-jang here. It's pretty solid. 

The Jap-Chae sucks. Too dry and has a weird taste that's difficult to explain. 

Does the place use MSG? Duh! It's a Korean place, what do you expect?
U-Town is a welcome addition to Korean options around Penn's campus (Koreana, Tyson Bee's, KoJa), bringing an extensive menu, competitive prices, and some really tasty noms. Soondubu is one of my favorite Korean dishes. This flavorful soup is chock full of the meat of your preference (U-Town offers beef, pork, chicken, seafood, and veg options), silken tofu, and veggies. U-Town goes provides you a fresh egg to crack over the top (it will cook in the broth), which is one of my favorite parts and not something I have seen all Korean restaurants do for this dish (maybe they think it will weird newbs out?). Servings are plentiful and hearty, and all tables are provided kimchi and pickled radish free of charge.

The dining area is small but nicely decorated, and the staff courteous and always willing to give you recommendations. Extra important, and I can't emphasize this enough, food will actually be spicy if you ask for it to be! Docking one star as service can be slow. You may need to work a little get your water refilled, extra napkins, etc, but you'll probably be too distracted by your food to care. Definitely a worthwhile stop if you are in the area!
The lowest quality Korean food I've ever had. I get shuffled here because most my friends are from Korea, and they come here because it is so close to school. If I had a choice, I would NEVER come here again. 

I've been here on multiple occasions (unfortunately), and try to order only the popular dishes. Unfortunately even those dishes seem to be served with really old/low quality ingredients. They have such a large menu so can you imagine choosing one of the unpopular dishes? You'd probably get a dish made of ingredients that are months old. Disgusting. 

I come from a city where there are 5 Korean restaurants on every block and a LOT of competition amongst the restaurants. U-town would have gone out of business within a month. The only reason it survives is the lack of competition. I feel like I'm throwing away money whenever I dine here.
I'm from LA so I'm used to some pretty good Korean food, and I have to say that U-town comes closest to satisfying my Korean food cravings when I'm at school. 

I've had their kimchi jjigae, bibim bap and, jjajangmyeon and pajeon which were all flavorful Korean staples that I crave.

I definitely agree, that their portions are small, definitely considering how much they charge for it (most dishes are in the $10-13 range), and that service isn't particularly friendly. I probably wouldn't give it super high marks if it weren't in Philly, but hey it's probably the best we got.
I ordered take out from here last week. We ordered the dak galbi bibimbap,the yuk gal tang, and gimbap. The yuk gal tang was good and spicy, but the bimimbap and gimbap were awful.  The dak galbi wasn't spicy at all, and the only vegetables they used were old bean sprouts. The "veggie" gimbap was also just filled with bean sprouts and soggy carrots. We couldn't eat either of them. They also didn't give any gochujang for the bibimbap. I don't know if that's because there was supposed to be spice from the dak galbi, but it would have been good to hide the overall bland flavor. If you're not familiar with Korean food you might enjoy it, but if you have any expectation, I suggest going somewhere different.
1st Visit-Great food & service. 2nd visit-significantly cold service and food quality declined. When operating a restaurant, CONSISTENCY IS KEY. I got the same item for both visits and the latter disappointed me. Uncertain whether they hired new cooks or employees, the consistency was gone. It still gets packed because it's located in University City.
I have been here two times for a week. I think U-town is best Korea restaurant in Philadelphia that is closed at the University City. There were a lot of people when I went there and we were seat at table bar table. The service was perfect and friendly. Each table services one bottle water and side dish of kimchi and sweet pickled radishes; you can refill side dish anytime. Actually, the food was very delicious especially seafood 'soondubu' was my best favorite food in there but I recommend only people who like eating spicy foods. Price also nice, each food average price is about 10 dollars that is not expensive and one food enough to eat one person. From what I can see, the food is very good because after I finish my dinner, people were still coming.  I will come here again when I want to eat Korean food.
All those good reviews made me wonder if the owner paid to say nice things. The service is horrible. 
An example: combo 2 presents a full size short ribs, but what they really are lots of lettuces and few slices of beef. When I tried to negotiate with the owner, what I got is an arrogant attitude. He pointed at the corner of menus and said "it told you actual things will be different", and says in 5 years no one has complained. Wtf? So it becomes my fault to point it out? Paying 10 dollars for beef so few that can be negligible? When does beef become this expensive?
i ate there spicy squid dish wasn't very good , there prices is a little higher than koreana
they put too much msg it gave me that after taste i did,t like that at all.i would not go back there. i am going back to koreana  there prices is good and the food is good.
Good effort and decent location, but I probably won't be back anytime soon.

I came here for dinner a few weeks ago after class because everyone I was with was craving Korean food. U-Town didn't have terribly great ratings on Yelp, but I was willing to give it a try anyways since I hadn't had Korean food in a while.

Atmosphere: U-Town operates within a really compact space in which they manage to fit in several tables and chairs. The product is a semi-intimate dining experience in some ways. When we went during dinner, there was no other seating besides four empty seats in the slightly awkward bar seating area in the very front, so we opted to wait for a table instead. No major complaints. There are lots of college students and it's a Korean restaurant, so don't expect it to be that quiet. 

Food: Being the only Korean person in the group, I made a couple of food recommendations to my friends. I ordered spicy squid over rice, which is one of my favorite dishes ever. Although the level of spiciness was quite reasonable, there was something really off about the dish. One of my friends ordered jjampong, a Korean-Chinese fusion dish, that also was lacking some serious punch. I forgot what the third person ordered. I remember the banchan for our table was so disappointing -- just kimchi and daikon radishes, which is usually paired with Korean-Chinese food. As far as I'm concerned, they should've given us a typical set of side dishes.

Price: So, I've gotten used to relatively expensive Korean food on the east coast, but U-Town is actually quite pricey in light of the overall experience. Sure, there are college students willing to pay for convenience, but I did feel like I could've gotten something way better at a more authentic Korean restaurant anywhere else for a marginally higher price. The food quality and price mismatch/gap is probably my biggest hesitation about this place.

Two-stars. I've DEFINITELY experienced better.
U-Town's sign says it serves Korean and Japanese cuisine, but its really a Korean spot. Similar to Koreana, the menu is more of a quick hot soup, stew, grilled meats place. You aren't going to have an epic table-side Korean BBQ meal here. The menu hovers in the $10 range; my noodle soup ended up being $10.99-  Yuk Gae Jang (#21): shredded beef with vegetables in spicy beef broth.

It became slightly more attractive once placed in a bowl along side the rice and kimchee it came with. The soup is packed with noodles and vegetables, including a plethora of different types of mushrooms and greens. There was less of the shredded beef, though I liked the bits my chopsticks came across. The broth had a kick, as promised, and although not very complex, it accomplished what I wanted out of my lunch- a spicy and filling soup with tons of submerged solids.  One unexpected consequence to look out for, the broth will stain your hands or anything else it comes in contact with. Don't spill!
I ordered the bulgogi bibimbap and I didn't think it tasted that good.. :/ but it's a convenient place on campus and the environment is a bit nicer than Koreanna's if you are craving for Korean food.. but I thought Koreanna's food tasted better (and was also cheaper).
I love this restaurant, it has a cute ambiance and the staff are so nice. I always order the soondubu and very much enjoy the pickle and kimchi they give to start. While the food is not the best I've ever had, it leaves me feeling satisfied and happy.
I have been to Koreana for 3month before opening thos U-town. Now?! Never have I gone to Koreana. The food of Koreana has a lot of synthetic sweetner which is one kind of chemical compound. However the food of U-town is real food. They never cook before I order unlike Koreana. It probably needs more time to wait. Yet, it is worthy. 
I usually go there to eat lunch with my classmates which are from Japan, China, Spain and Usa. I have never disappointed here's food and service.
My favorite food in nonspicy is Galbi tang(beef soup and rice) and oviously Bulgogi bibimbab. 
I also like spicy food here like Dduck bboggi or Jol myun.
My Vegiterian frind usually eat Vegitable bibimbam or soontofu jji gae. I couldn't expain all of them like Awesome Soo ywook (pork meat and vegitable-you should ask them how to eat . It has special way to eat deliciously) and Padak(scallion with Chicken).
I assure you will have good food here and good experience about Korean food.
Absolutely horrible service. Came here twice with friends and had an upset stomach both times on top of rude horrendous service. Do not recommend. Support other restaurants but not this one. Not coming back!
Not the best Korean food in the city but it's nice to have around campus. The place is small and family owned, with a menu that hits the basics: bibimbap, many soups, toppoki/rice cakes, etc. as well as stuff like Korean fried chicken and tacos. 


The only bonchon/side dishes are kimchi and pickled yellow radish, which I personally think is fine but know some might find it lacking. I've been here a few times and I've gotten bibimbap, soondoobu (spicy tofu soup), and jajangmyeon (noodles in black bean sauce). Everything tasted alright, nothing out-of-this-world but good enough if you're craving Korean food. Service is usually prompt, prices and portion sizes are fair, I would have no problem coming back.
Came here on several occasions to get my spicy fix.

The Good: Portions are large, so unless you're a starving grizzly bear, chances are you'll leave satisfied. Free kimchi and pickled radishes, which are good for whetting the appetite. Service is fast and friendly. Unlike Koreana, you get the feeling that you're dining in an actual restaurant instead of a grimy hole in the wall.

The Bad: Sadly, the same can't be said for U-Town's food. Their bibimbap, ramen, rice noodles in spicy sauce, and Korean-fried wings are all acceptable, but no better than Koreana. Given U-Town's popularity, I expect better.
Definitely mediocre. It's a knock-off version of Koreana in a nicer location (aka not right above a strip club in a sketchy parking lot with uber slippery stairs that every person struggles with). This being said, the place is always packed when I want to grab food!

FOOD: 3/5
Personally, I'm a bit sad that the bi bim bap isn't served in a stone bowl. I honestly don't even know if that's required of bi bim bap, but as a clueless non-Korean, that's what I expect! The ja jang myun was also somewhat disappointing, but I credit my parents for making the most delicious ja jang myun, so my expectations, again, may be too high. 

SERVICE: 1/5
Flat out disappointing. One time, my food took 30 minutes to come. Water jug was constantly ignored and left empty. The waiters and cashiers seemed to be completely clueless and gossiping away without attending the restaurant visitors. 

AMBIANCE:3/5
Typical, college student filled small shop. Seats are limited, so come with a back up plan. In fact, I'll gladly recommend Pattaya or New Delhi/Sitar over this place.
This is my favorite Korean BBQ place in Philly! The fried dumplings are awesome and all of their dishes have never let me down. I like them for their consistency.
I can see that U-Town is giving a lot of comfort to Korean students in the area but I can't say I've been a fan of the food on either of my two visits.  I had the soon-du boo jigae and the haemul pa jun; the soon-du boo was passable but not at all spicy and did not contain very good ingredients.  The pa jun was glooey and pasty and again, with poor quality ingredients.  The form looks good - it all looks like Korean food but there's definitely no halmoni in the kitchen.
I enjoyed my experience here, came by for lunch and was seated immediately. I ordered a Kim Chi Jigae (is it a soup, or a stew? both?). It came out piping hot and the flavor was a bit watered down but it satisfied my korean food craving. The Jigae came with a side of steamed rice, kim chi and pickled radishes. If you're craving Korean in U City, Utown should satisfy the craving but i don't expect anything to write home about. 

Why the two stars? Well, while i was dining there a man came in and ordered some food, which the owner assumed it was a "to go" order since he ordered at the counter. The man then sat down and when the food came out (in the to go plastic bag and container), the owner said that the man wasn't allowed to eat there since he placed an order to go. It was super awkward and i felt pretty bad for the guy, he packed up his food and said that he would never return. I suppose I'm deciding if I should ever return in solidarity.
Extremely overpriced Korean food in University City. Not only is it overpriced, but I don't think it's that great either. 

I've ordered their bulgogi bibimbap, seafood pancake, and their mushroom tofu soup. The bulgogi bibimbap was okay, but not great. Definitely lacked the flavor in their meat. The tofu soup was probably the best out of the three dishes I bought. It's also disappointing that they only offer two side dishes unlike other Korean restaurants that offer more.
Went to college here and it's always nice when I'm visiting to stop here for a second. I was taken here by my Korean roommate and while nothing will ever compare to her homelands restaurants, she says the bibimbap here is amazing even compared to restaurants back home. Throughout the years I've had plenty of dishes here but I always return to the yae jook bibim bap (and usually order seafood scallion pancakes and dumplings on the side). Get the hotstone bibim bap and make sure to ask for their spicy sauce (they will bring more on the side if you're a spicy junkie like me!). They are also byo so feel free to bring any alcohol your heart desires. 

It's not the most elegant of spaces but great casual dining spot while you drink and eat surrounded by Kpop music videos.
While the service is super fast, the food is okay. I think Koreana is better. I decided to order the mushroom Soon Doo Boo and I thought was going to be spicy but I guess not. The food was decent and definitely good for its price. It's just a nice, chill place to grab a meal with someone although it can get relatively loud if big groups come in. Most of the time though it's still pretty average noise even if it's packed. Would definitely come here again but would maybe go for something more classic on the menu.
U-Town is a Korean restaurant in University City. There are lots of kids noodle, stone pots and BBQ food. The taste is good and the price is more expensive than the ramen restaurant across the street.
They have decent Korean food. I love the fact that they serve pickled vegetables with any dish u order and can ask for refill for free.
I had never tried Korean food before coming to this place. I have mixed feelings about this restaurant, so I'll try to outline some of them here.

I'm vegetarian, and I was happy to see an extensive "vegetarian" selection on their menu. The first time I visited U-Town, the menu did not include descriptions of the vegetarian dishes. I asked the waiter to explain all of the dishes to me, and she did so kindly and thoughtfully, which I appreciated. I ended up deciding on Vegetable Bimbim Bap. It came as a bowl with several ingredients, which I mixed and added extra hot sauce too. It tasted pretty great.

The second time I came, I ordered a vegetable ramen noodle soup dish with dumplings. This time, the vegetarian section of the menu included descriptions so I had no trouble choosing. It was just what I wanted- simplistic, but I loved the noodle texture. The dumplings didn't taste all that great-- they were flimsy and soft, too, so they broke in the heat of the soup and all the contents mixed in with the noodles which I didn't really like.

My main issue with the place is how crowded and noisy it gets. You often have to wait a bit to get seated due to the small nature of the restaurant.

If I am ever craving a hot bowl of noodles, I'll definitely come to U-Town. However, I don't think I'll be re-visiting much.
The food has been good every time I've eaten here, but their prices are a bit high. It's one of those "good food" but not necessarily "good food for the price" types of restaurant.
This place is what I like to call extremely Americanized Korean food. My sister and I got take-out from here, and it was super overpriced. We ordered the seafood pancake, tofu soup, and bibimbap. The bibimbap was mediocre at best, the mushroom tofu soup was bland with barely any spice added to it, and the seafood pancake lacked flavor. I have definitely had better Korean food, but to be honest, I would probably come back if I was a college student living in the area since it's so close to everything.
U-town is arguably the most authentic Korean place near Penn. It's slightly pricier than Koreana but my Korean friends swear this place is better. Service here is fast and I haven't been disappointed. 

- Bulgogi Bibimbap: My favorite dish. They give you a huge serving and it's delicious. They have the best bibimbap I've had. 

- Jajangmyeon: It's pretty good and normal. Just what you'd expect. Definitely tastes more Korean style than Chinese style. 

- Soon Doo Boo: The soup is great and tofu is soft but I actually prefer Koreana's because their tofu is even softer. 

Overall a solid place for Korean food! 

- Kalbi Tang: I was craving a light soup dish when I got this and it did it's job. You get a huge and I mean huge bowl of soup with soft beef ribs. 

- Haemul pajun: Good amount of seafood and crunchy yet soft. This is great for sharing with friends

- Edamame: I always get this as a side. They literally give you a boatload of edamame and it's just awesome.
My friend and I were randomly craving something warm and filling in the middle of summer. Then we found U-town. Thank you U-town because I throughly enjoyed my Jjampong seafood noodle soup and my friend enjoyed her tofu soup. I do wish that there were more variations in side dishes but the volume of the food was so much (and priced reasonably!)--we left satisfied and super full!
I LOVE their deuk guk. I've gotten it a few times now and I'm definitely coming back for more. The serving sizes are great and the restaurant is fairly priced. I was slightly disappointed with their wings though, they lacked a little less crunch and flavor compared to Bonchon.
Terrible service...the guy literally kicked me out because he thought I ordered take out, I didn't. I paid (and tipped) and sat down to eat and the guy confronted me like I was stealing. He was like what are you doing sitting down. I politely asked if I could stay and he basically said no, that it wasn't usual. He was kicking me out. I left in a huff and said I won't be back. I guess I would have understood if the place was packed but it wasn't! There were just 2 other people there and plenty of empty seats.  Later I realized they also got my order wrong, I asked for no onions. Food was ok but the side of humiliation left a bad taste in my mouth.
Average Korean food. I got the beef soondobu. It wasn't anything spectacular. I think Koreana has better tofu soup bowls with more meat. Plus they didn't provide many small dishes -- just kimchi and the yellow raddish. 

If you're in West Philly craving Korean tofu soup this will satiate the craving. But justbwakj the extra 2 blocks to Koreana for better
This is probably not one of my go-to restaurants, but it still tastes good whenever I go. Now since I do not eat beef or pork, the menu does become quite limited, hence my desire to not come very often. But it should be noted there are some pretty good dishes here. My favorite is the Chicken Katsu Curry. I for some reason cannot find this dish very often in Philadelphia, as my favorite is Abiko Curry in NYC. 

But overall, the restaurant is very family friendly, hole in the wall type of restaurant. There are many things to order, and an even taco portion of the menu that I have yet to try as I am confused on how the flavors might mix.

They serve you water in plastic small glasses that could be bigger, but for most of my friends, these small things are all overshadowed by the taste of the noodle dishes.

For a reminder of home, (you know who you are), I think it's perfect. But for those with another place to eat, I would choose otherwise.
It's a decent place.  I got the beef bulgolgi and it was very average.  It was not all that flavorful.  Usually there are onions in it, but this one doesn't, it was kind of blah.  It  was still pretty good, but not great.  The portion is also small considering the price.  The bulgogi here is $10.99 and is much cheaper at Koreana.  As much as Koreana pissed me off on my last visit, Koreana is still a better  deal.  The bulgolgi tacos sounded pretty good, so I wouldn't mind going back to try that.   It's too bad this place doesn't have boba beverages.
