I always heard good things about this place but I rarely venture to the Fairmount neighborhood. For shame! I was really missing out - until last night, when my BYO girls convened for the last time before two of our foursome move to other cities. Sniff. (Not to worry, they'll both be located within driving distance, or accessible via train. Just in case anyone was really stressing over it. Pass the Kleenex, please.)

With wine poured, we scoured Umai Umai's online menu and made our selections. Two of the girls set off to collect our meal. The seaweed salad, two calamari salads, spirited away roll, spartan roll, yellowtail roll and eel roll set us back $22/lady. Oh was it worth it. 

The girls returned with a huge bag. I wondered what could possibly be taking up so much space, since it didn't really seem like we ordered all that much. Turns out, they wrapped each component of every dish separately. The calamari was in a different container than the actual salad, which had its dressing on the side. The sauce for the spirited away roll came in a little container. It was such a thoughtful takeaway. There were even enough chopsticks, wasabi and soy sauce for everyone. 

The spirited away roll was filled with peppery tuna deliciousness, while the spartan roll, with beef and shrimp tempura was bananas. I'm already craving that calamari salad, and it surely won't be long before I'm calling Umai Umai and trekking across town for some of the best sushi in this city.
Tucked away on a leafy corner of 22nd St., Umai Umai sets the standard for friendly neighborhood BYOBs, Japanese or no.  The small space is nicely but minimally decorated, with an impressively sized flat-screen TV behind the sushi bar that shows a reel of their *actual* menu items with names. 

My friend and I were in kind of a rush (he had to catch a train) so we asked our server if it was possible to order and eat in about half an hour. She assured us it was no problem, filled up our waters and took our order immediately.  We shared a bowl of steaming-hot edamame sparkling with salt, a plain eel roll, plain salmon roll and two of their "designer roll" creations -- the Pingu and Ping Pong rolls. 

The fish in each maki was absolutely fresh and clean-tasting -- I especially like the purity of the generous salmon roll.  The fancy rolls were super-creative and like nothing I'd ever had before -- the Pingu was especially pleasing, all loaded with a sweet crab salad atop every piece.  Another nice touch were the size of the fancy rolls -- not only were they generous portions (averaging about $16 each), but the pieces were cut small enough that you didn't have to dislocate your jaw cobra-style to manage the piece in a single bite.  

I hate it when you have to mangle maki because they are too big to fit comfortably in your mouth -- these were perfect and appetizing. 

Service was excellent; speedy because we asked for that, waters always refilled, polite and friendly.  The sushi chef even took time to answer our questions about the rolls were were seeing on-screen and on the counter in front of us. 

Fun Fact: All tobikko (flying fish roe) -- like the tiny heaps of eggs that dazzlingly adorned Umai's StopLight roll in red, yellow and green -- is dyed.  Chef said it's naturally an opaque, milky gray color that is not very appetizing, so distributors of the product dye it in bright colors.
I had the chance to try Umai Umai this weekend. I actually had low hopes for the place because a friend of mine said that the pieces were small and everything was a bit overpriced. However, I really enjoyed my meal!

We started with the Tapas for Two which was sharable among four people. It included 6 chicken spring rolls, 6 shrimp shumai, 4 veggie gyozas, and a bunch of edamame. We also got the filet mignon carpaccio. I enjoyed the Tapas for two more than the carpaccio, but they both were good.

We also shared among the four of us an order of the chirashi - which we've all described as a "bowl of fish." It's basically seasoned rice topped with two pieces of every fish they have, plus some sea urchin, scallops, and other random things. 

Lastly, we ordered three specialty rolls: the krakken, eternal sunshine, and traffic light. All were good but the KRAKKEN WAS THE BESSSSTTTTT. Definitely order the krakken!

Each couple paid $70 (including tip) for their meal. It was a little steep for the amount of food we got, but since Umai Umai is BYOB, it was tolerable. If we had to pay for cocktails on top of the food I think my heart and wallet would have been in pain.

The reason I'm giving 3-stars instead of 4-stars is for the following reasons:
1. The ambiance leaves a LOT to be desired. The restaurant is super small and cramped, and it's difficult to maneuver around without your purse bumping into someone's water glass. There is no such thing as a private conversation here.
2. We were kicked out of our table because, as our waiter informed us, "the next reservation for this table is here." I can't say I've ever been told to leave a table like that, especially considering we weren't lingering for an unreasonable amount of time.
Underwhelming sushi experience! Their rolls are VERY smalls. I was very disappointed ... maybe I'm just used to sushi rolls in Texas being huge in general? But then again the rolls here were around $10 each so maybe that's why they were smaller rolls. 

My favorite sushi roll ingredient is eel so I usually get the dragon roll. I was very excited to see their Designer roll menu has many eels rolls. However, when I clarified with the staff which rolls had eels, she told me "oh yeah the ones that says eels actually just means eel sauce" and pointed out only one roll (Poseidon) had actual eel. I though that was misleading because they also had labeled eel sauce under other designer rolls too so not sure why they decided to opt out "sauce" for the rest. 

We ended up ordering Poseidon, Ping Pong, and the Seafood Paella. The sushi was good, but nothing special. I couldn't really taste the pineapple salsa on the ping pong. The paella was very strange - it was an Asian fusion paella with green curry on top and cheese. The taste of the seafood and paella itself was overpowered by the curry and cheese. None of the rice had the classic "paella crisp" at the bottom because it was so soggy. It tasted more like a green curry seafood risotto with lots of cheese. 

Overall it's a cute date night place with very small sitting area indoor. The food wasn't very impressive.
Celebrated a friend's birthday at this cozy sushi BYOB.  If you have a party of 6, this works out perfectly to try everything: the rolls now come in 6 pieces (except Traffic Light (8)).  With 4 gentlemen and 2 ladies at the table, I had to channel my inner "Black Widow" (the competitive eater Sonya - ScarJo is way out of my league!) and consume my share!

Appetizers:
* Oyster Shooters: $12. (3) Oyster & sea urchin set in citrus-soy with salmon & quail egg.
* Seafood Paella: $26. Scallops, mussels, shrimp, mixed vegetables in green curry

The oyster shooters looked gnarly and tasted great (really hard to describe!), and the Seafood Paella had great heat and flavor.

Banzai! :
* Spirited Away: $11. Sesame crusted tuna, red crab, cucumber, avocado, chili-soy
* Henrietta: $14. Lobster Tempura, Mango, Spicy Tuna Tartare, Avocado, Cashew, Eel Sauce
* Godzilla: $10. Shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, strawberry, honey, roasted macadamia bits
* Poseidon: $11. Shrimp tempura, spicy red crab salad, avocado, eel
* Spartan: $11. 24-hour miso marinated beef tenderloin, chives, shrimp tempura, paprika aioli
* Krakken: $12. Shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, soft shell crab, cherries, worcestershire aïoli, almond bits
* Eternal Sunshine: $10. Panko crusted flounder, cucumber, avocado, salmon, apricot-miso, blueberry-balsamic, pine nuts

The only one that didn't stand out was the Spartan Roll.  Probably because I tried it last and my tastebuds were already euphoric from the earlier rolls!  But wait, why are you reaching for the menu ... 

Banzai! Round Two: Where do you guys put all that food?! :
* 4-8-15-16-23-42: $12. Tuna, Salmon Yellowtail, Avocado, Mango, Lettuce, Pickled Daikon Wrap
* King Kong: $10. Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, avocado
* Ping Pong: $10. Crispy Spicy Tuna, chives, Spicy Mayo, Pineapple Salsa
* Spicy Tuna: $8.
* Crispy Spicy Scallop: $8.

I really loved the number roll ... (am I the only one who hasn't watched Lost?).  After all the taste and texture from the designer rolls - the "simple" spicy tuna and crispy spicy scallop served as great palate cleansers.

Service:
Extraordinary!  Our waitress was very patient with describing the rolls and graciously provided a repeat rundown of what's what.  Our excessive "genki" also led to a party foul: a spilled glass of wine ... desecrating plate of sushi (thank goodness it was only one roll)!  It was immediately whisked away to be replaced with a fresh plate.

Next Time: (Because one can only eat so much at once)
* Udon: $6. Thick flour noodles, shrimp tempura, chives, spice
* Pingu: $10. Flash fried red crab, chive, & cream cheese roll, red crab salad, potato crunch

A friend lauded the udon soup, and I made the horrible mistake of dismissing the Pingu as "just a Philly cream cheese roll".  Dishonor on me and my cow!

Lessons Learned:
* They now accept reservations (?!).
* Try small batches of rolls.  My "Intro to Umai Umai 101" felt like a gastronomic cram session - I truly enjoyed the experience, but would like to pay more attention to the details of individual rolls.
Umai Umai is sushi for white people.   Japanese people do not eat here.  People who like real Japanese food do not eat here.  

BTW:  Owner said "Umai" means "delicious" in Japanese.  He is wrong.  That would be "oishi."  Umai means "good" in a generic way.
"Designers rolls" - seriously?

That's just the beginning but the end is far away for Umai Umai.  Quaint little corner restaurants aren't as hard to come by these day and this is far from your average corner spot.  Umai Umai is truly an experience.

We dined with four people total so we had the opportunity to try lots on the menu.  Between the Traffic Light, King Kong and Godzilla rolls, we had to loosen the belt on the way out.  The "designer rolls" come in sets of twelve, so be careful to not over order but if you like variety, my suggestion is to go with a few people.

As far as price is concerned, it was a bit high but I wouldn't have given it 5 stars if it wasn't worth it!
Couple things I have to say, sometimes when you goout for sushi you know what you can expect, a rainbow roll, some spicy tuna, some fresh sahsimi etc etc....  I love sushi and eat it frequently but I get bored with it. Oooh, tonight I might try the soft shell crab tempura..

 Not here.  This place hands down has the most unique, and best sushi in Philly.  I have been here multiple times but my theory as of late is to not write reviews after one visit, give it a few times to eat a few things on menu and then write a review so the fellow yelpers can get a thorough idea of what to expect rather than perhaps a bad night from a chef.   Too many people i think rush home before their meal has settled to either thrash a place to death or praise them so they can tell theri sweety "read my review on yelp, I have 400 reviews."

Eat the sushi here!  It's good, unique, reasonably priced and BYOB, Went last night and with tip was less than $60.  Zama, another sushi spot on Rittenhouse which people go ape shit over... $125 with tip and left hungry.
Thanks Umai Umai for your creative, exotic twist on sushi!  Most sushi places are all the same... not here.  Let me start with the menu.. its SMALL.  Most sushi places have an overwhelming menu of all the same stuff, and then a page of chef specialty rolls, which are always similar to any other sushi resturant.  Well, Umai Umai only has about 15 rolls on their menu.  They are all chef special rolls, and nothing else.  I think you can get a standard tuna or salmon roll, but who would?  Its like ordering a miller lite at a craft beer bar, you just don't do it.  So, the menu is small, which I love, because it is not at all overwhelming.  For the few options they have, everything is TOP Quality.  The rolls are very exotic and different, not your typical combinations!  I had the Kraaken roll, which had soft shell crab, shrimp tempura, avocado, a worcestershire cherry sauce, and almonds.   WOW I wanted to lick the plate.  Never had anything like this!  My other favorite was the King Kong, with tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, avocado, and although this didn't have any exotic sauces, it was still very fresh and yummy.  The Spirited Away roll was very different, sesame crusted tuna, with tons of other toppings, but too spicy for me since it had chili-soy in it.  It was my girlfriend's favorite roll though!  Another roll we had, was something called a 2-4-10-24-48-64 (ha!) named after something famous from "Lost" TV show.  This roll was fantastic, fresh tuna, yellowtail, salmon, and others, wrapped in cucumber instead of rice.   We also had the Spartan roll, which was beef tenderloin.  Different since sushi is usually fish, but it was interesting.  Very unique, not my favorite, although my girlfriends loved it.   For Apps, we had the rock shrimp tempura, which was tiny bite-size peices with coconut aioli for dipping.  I loved the endives to scoop them up!  The Tenderloin Carpaccio app was also very good, thinly sliced rare beef with delicate sauces on top.  Dessert, green tea ice cream and funnel cake sticks with chocolate fendu!  Yes!  

OK so you can see the food was amazing.  The atmosphere is romantic, very small, so make a reservation.  Its always booked up (that's how you know its good).  The service was great, our waitress was very sweet and helpful.  Oh, BYOB to save money on booze!  5 stars.  All day.
Overall excellent.  We each started with a salad.  My girlfriend is obsessed with the ginger dressing at sushi places so she always gets the normal mixed green.  Nothing spectacular because it is just the basics, but what you expect and good overall.  I got the calamari salad which was really good.  They had this sweet miso vinaigrette which was delicious and the textures of the calamari and peppers were great.  Then we both split 3 rolls because while I enjoy sashimi and nigiri, my girl doesn't enjoy them as much so we just went with rolls.

Their specialty rolls are unlike any I've seen before (for instance: Eternal Sunshine Roll with Panko crusted flounder, cucumber, avocado salmon, apricot miso, blueberry balsamic, pine nuts).  We went with the Spartan Roll (24 hour miso marinated beef tenderloin, chives, shrimp tempura, paprika aioli), the Spirited Away Roll (Sesame crusted tuna, red crab, cucumber avocado, chili soy), and a shrimp tempura roll (kind of a go to in case the specialties were not good).

The shrimp tempura roll was excellent, but if you can't get a roll like that right, I don't think I would have said it was an excellent meal and would have put Umai on the level next to Fresh Grocer sushi.  The spartan roll is not to order if you are looking for a light, fresh sushi.  It was top notch, but the beef was certainly filling.  It had a very heavy beef flavor and the shrimp tempura added great texture.  The best part of the roll was definitely the paprika aoili sauce.  That was excellent and I found myself dipping my shrimp tempura roll in it as well.

That brings me to the star of the evening.. the Spirited Away Roll.  I think I dreamed about eating that roll again last night.  It was incredible.  It was light, it was well balanced, and the best part was the heat you got at the end from the chili soy.  I will be trying a lot of their specialty rolls in the future, but I will almost always be sure to order this roll every time.

The place is small, quaint, quiet, with a cool set up, and they have a TV screen above the sushi station that shows all of these shots and videos of their food.  It made me want to order everything on the menu.  The ping pong, pingu, and traffic light looked really cool.  I also read really good things about the traffic light roll.  I will definitely be frequenting this place again and again.
this place inside is reserved modern looking and small. i have never made reservations, but it does get crowded, so boys if are taking your lady on the weekend, i would suggest calling ahead. the sushi chef prepares the food in the bar area while you are seated at small tables.

i totally enjoyed the spicy tuna roll and the kobe beef. this restaurant likes to play with your palette, using unexpected flavors in their dishes, such as blueberry, but it all works and tastes amazing. the desserts are yum yum. i always enjoy green tea ice cream, but my heart melts for the fried banana dish. 

the sushi is fresh and the price here is a bit high. but you get to sit in a relaxed atmosphere with your neighborhoodies with a friendly staff at hand. 

i know there are a lot of sushi places here in philthy, but this one is in the art museum/fairmount area, which was lacking one. all in all, this place serves tasty sushi at bourgeosis prices. umai umai=yum yum. if it is crowded, or you are lacking in mad money, i have often kept walking and just gotten some sushi at whole foods like a true proleteriat.
Umai and I have a long history together.  A bunch of my girlfriends used to live in the area so a few times a year, for several years, we'd get together to chat, drink (its byob), and catch up over some sushi- specifically to enjoy the famous (and the favorite amongst the group) Godzilla roll. That was 5-6 years ago and I should have reviewed my experiences then but here we are, years later and I am equipped with a more recent trip to my small favorite Fairmount sushi joint. 

About a month ago I came here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend (his choice after hearing great things about it) for our date night.  With wine in tow, we were seated for our 8pm reservation (an absolute MUST- this place gets packed and walk-in's might have a wait of about an hour if a table opens up) and scored a great spot near the window.  We started off with the half dozen oysters in shell appetizer which were nothing short of magical.  Two of each choice flavored and topped/seasoned with citrus-soy, cilantro-ceviche, and toban salsa.  A truly spectacular dish, refreshing and light, and something that I'll order every time coming back.  We also split some salmon and eel sushi and several specialty rolls, including the 4-8-15-16-23-42, King Kong, and of course -my beloved Godzilla roll which was just as perfect as I remembered it. A great combo of savory fresh fish with sweet strawberries and macadamia bits for a nice crunchy texture. Yum!  A great dinner with great service. 

Thanks for staying solid all these years, Umai.
Wow this amazing sushi place is on point on so many levels!  First it's BYOB, a big plus to start with! It is tiny, definitely make reservations if you can they are accommodating but only as much as their space allows them to be. Its nice inside, nothing special but very clean and welcoming.   Service is very good, seven of us dined here the other night and we eat a lot, everything came out perfect and well timed.  They were very friendly and made good recommendations over how much we should order and allowing for substitutions in rolls. 

Before coming my friend who suggested the place said it was the best sushi he ever had, which is a very bold statement. After eating here, I have to agree that it is at the top of my list.  We ordered two of the tapas for two appetizers and an order of the crispy rice. We definitly all got enough but I would have added an extra order of the crispy rice - its unlike anything else I've ever had, five long rolls of crispy rice topped with different sushi combinations. The ones I tried were so tasty and flavorful and the texture is so different but in the best way possible.  We tried a lot of the rolls, and I can definitively say you can't go wrong.  I'd highly suggest the ping pong and the kraken, I think those were the two favorite, but they were all large, tasty and very fresh.  I cannot wait to come back and try more of the rolls!!
This place was spot-on as far as service, presentation and quality of food goes.  And it's BYOB, so the prices aren't steep for what you get.  My suggestion?  Something bubbly, like prosecco or champagne.  Unless, of course, you like white wine with your sushi (personally, I don't).  We actually brought 4 of the large cans of Sapporo to keep with the Japanese cuisine.

Definitely make reservations, especially for more than 2 people: the place is SMALL and fills up very quickly.  But not too small to where it feels like you're on top of one another.  They planned the seating well and the first thing I noticed was how trendy and minimalist the setting was.  Very classy without being pretentious.

I would actually recommend coming with a group so you can share and try all the designer sushi rolls.  For 2 of us, we didn't wanna order too much or not enough, so that was kinda hard to gauge.   Plus, we only got to try 4 kinds and the rest all sounded so good.  We opted for the Nemo, the King Kong, the 4-15-other numbers one and, later, after realizing we were still hungry for more, got the Godzilla.  Godzilla was by far both of our favorites;  shrimp tempura with strawberry and avocado and almonds, it was delectable.  I found I prefer the ones wrapped in rice.  If you come here and try a few rolls, you'll learn which you'd prefer.  Now that I know, I know what to order next time  For instance, two of the rolls we got (I can't remember which) had different wraps - cucumber (which was very fresh, but hard to manipulate with chopsticks!) and daikon, which turns out I'm not crazy about.  It tasted like ginger and was almost too juicy for sushi.  With that said, the quality is still amazing (as is the impeccable presentation), but I think I'd sway more towards the classic/tempura side next time.

Still kicking myself for not ordering any appetizers (they all sounded and looked great, but I had one goal in mind that night and it was SUSHI).  The entrees also sounded enticing.

We did get dessert, the banana spring rolls served with red bean paste and vanilla ice cream.  DELISH.  I've only ever had banana in a tempura batter, so the light flakiness and crispiness of the spring roll was a nice unique touch.

I will definitely be back here to knock off the rest of those delicious tempura rolls!
Wowowow this was the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia by far. Umai Umai is located just off Spring Garden Street. Its modern and intimate decor matched its equally modern take on Japanese food. I could not have been more impressed! 

I came with a group of 5 on a week night. Umai Umai is a BYOB (!!!) so plan accordingly. We ordered fried calamari, seaweed salad, rock shrimp tempura, and the oyster and sea urchin shooters to start. The shooters were excellent; we were instructed to pour the contents of the shell into the shotglass full of sauce, chew, and then swallow. For dinner, we ordered the 4-8-15-16-23-42 (shout out to any LOST fans), Henrietta, Eternal Sunshine, Godzilla, and a spicy tuna. The Godzilla, which contained shrimp tempura, avocado, macadamia nuts, strawberries, and honey, was my favorite by far! I would definitely recommend any of their "designer rolls". All that we tried were unique and delicious!
Best sushi in Philly, no contest.  My wife and I have been to at least half a dozen other sushi restaurants in the city (Doma, Raw, Vicks, Morimoto, etc.) and Umai is in a league by itself.  Well worth the price.  We go at least once a month. 

We love the calamari salad to start.  Some of our favorite rolls are the Spirited Away, Spartan, and Spicy Tuna.  The presentation is superb, the sushi is fresh, and it's a BYOB!  

The dining room can be a bit loud during peak hours, but not annoyingly.  Best to make reservations for weekends, as we have been shut-out before.  Service is very friendly.  Chef Alex runs a top-notch operation that sushi enthusiasts must visit!
BYO! We brought a bottle of Nigori and they chilled it on ice for us. Saved us some cash, thank goodness.

Call ahead for reservations. It gets uber cramped in here. While you're on the phone placing a reservation, get in your order of oyster shooters. An order is 3 shot glasses with oyster & sea urchin, with a side sake glass filled with salmon roe and quail egg. You dump the roe & egg into the shot glass of raw oyster and urchin and stir it up. (see the picture I added) Shoot it back and chew... omigawd... IT'S SO GOOD! (preparation takes forever, hence pre-ordering them over the phone)

Nothing is cheap here. Between 3 of us we shared a $50 chef choice sushi plate. The pieces were small and many of the types of fish were strange. Stuff I'd never heard of! Only one piece of hamachi. Some of it was really good. Some of it wasn't. My friend ate the last piece that no one wanted (white with a black stripe down the middle) and she regretted it. Ew! From our collective West Coast perspective, it was waaaaay overpriced.

If you're ordering rolls individually, don't miss out on the Dragon Roll (?) with strawberries on top. It sounds stupid, I know it. But... omigawd... brilliance to my taste buds.
Hands down the best sushi I've had in the city!!!!!  Their innovative rolls, as many other reviewers have mentioned, their service, the ambiance of the place and the BYO component make this place great!  

I have to say the Godzilla roll with the strawberries and macadamia nuts ROCKED THE HOUSE.  

GO UMAI, GO!
It was prettty good sushi, but not good enough for the price, it is pretty steep, I would rather go to Vic or Jay's favorite sushi bar. 

Probably never going back.
What I got: Nigiri set ($30), oyster shooter ($?). 

Benchmarks: Doma (PHL), Sushi Yoshida (NYC) and Sushi of Gari (NYC)

Chef's choice nigiri set consists of 16-17 pieces of choice fish. The variety of white fish (shiromi) is quite impressive considering most "sushi" consumed in this locale is of the rolled form. Shiromi is more difficult to keep a regular stock than tuna because it does not age. (A test for your premium sushi restaurant. If they are not aging their tuna, they are not buying them in blocks. Hence sub-premium) Kudos to the 2 guys behind the counter for having quality white fish (sea bream, kinmedai, etc) week in, week out.

This is my go-to place for sushi in Philly. On par with Yoshida (NYC) for white fish. Tuna is not great here (better or as good as any in Philly), but there are only few places outside of Japan who would know what "hara-kami-ichiban" is....

If you are stuck having a sushi snob as a guest, take them here. You can blame me and Philly if they are not satisfied.
3 stars, maybe.  The food was.. well, it was OK.  Not remarkable.  For a multitude of reasons I was disappointed in a lot of what I got here.  I was excited to see shima-aji on the menu, but when I ordered 2 pieces a la carte off the sushi menu, it came almost entirely cooked through.  For what reason would you do that to fish off of a sushi menu??  I can think of a few, and none of them are good reasons.

Also the ankimo - the menu says it's 'steamed' but the single piece of ankimo came to us heavily seared on both sides, which totally destroyed the texture and flavor of the ankimo.  The seared edges were black and hard.. really took away from the smooth texture that ankimo is supposed to have.

The BF decided to humor himself and order some American 'sushi' - those way over the top rolls you'd never find in an actual sushi restaurant.  It was good - interesting.  I wasn't a fan of the sweet and savory combinations but the boyfriend was keen on ordering some 'weird' Am sushi, and I guess that fit the bill.  

The service was good, the waitresses were helpful and attentive.  The place is cute and clean.  Call me an ass but I guess I just couldn't really get over a restaurant named the equivalent of "yummy" in jp but serving not really any jp food in any great quality.
When friends suggested going to Umai Umai, I couldn't turn down sushi, especially in my hood. Everyone found it hard to believe that this Fairmount gal had never been there before. What can I say? I'm more of a Doma chick. 

To be fair, I only had the King Kong roll. It consisted of 5 pieces of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, avocado. It was kind of like a basic roll steroids. The fish was fresh, but the roll was pretty small and it fell apart right away after being dipped in soy sauce. 

I'd give them another try, but I'm still on Team Doma.
I can not say enough about the food, the ambiance, and the service at Umai. After a long day at work coming to a comfortable place like Umai is a great way to transition into your evening or weekend. The oyster shooters are a MUST. On top is a quails egg and roe, and in the glass is the oyster and a mix of deliciousness. After pouring the egg and roe into the shooter, drink up and experience a mouth orgasm. My friend says that there is a different taste with every chew. 

My favorite part of Umai is the freshness and quality of the fish. I prefer sashimi, specifically live scallop, mackerel and escolar with is truly like butter. Rolls are usually not my thing but the Krackin roll at Umai is my crack. The other rolls are nice as well. Because of Umai I rarely eat rolls anywhere else. Most places you need a magnifying glass to see the meat. The carpaccio melts in your mouth and there seems to be something new and interesting on each visit. I wish that I could eat here a few times a week.
I've been a religious Umai-ian for a while now.  
The chef is super dedicated to deliver quality food on customer's table and the service staffs are always accommodating and friendly.  
Many reviews states that the menu items aren't cheap but you pay for what you get. Do you want to pay $4 for buy one get one free spicy tuna? If you would rather fill up with quantity versus quality, this place is definitely not for you.  Even the spicy tuna is different.  It has big chunks of red tuna inside, which has never been frozen versus the scraped tuna from the left overs. yuck! 

My favorite items on the menu are:
TIRADITO: which is usually offered for summer menu
THEIR CITRUS SOY SAUCE - doesn't even compare to regular ponzu.  i swear it has crack it in
the Lost roll, Godzilla, a simple spicy tuna
CHIRASHI.  DEFINITELY CHIRASHI.  I love how the fishes are small bite sizes and the rice is perfectly seasoned.  
Calamari salad - dressing is like crack
Salmon sushi, the belly side.  it's like butter in your mouth.
Oyster shooters & UNI (sea urchin) - their sea urchin is something special with salmon roe. If you are virgin to sea urchin, this is the place to have your first uni b/c it's super fresh and sweet.
SALMON ROE: it'll change your mind & opinion about salmon roe. forever. period. Add quail and it's even better.

i love the fact that it's BYOB and tucked away in a hidden spot. It makes it that much cozier for a date spot.  Instead of paying for $18 roll covered in escolar, which everyone sells as super white tuna - totally not true!, try my favorite spot and stop being so mean about the price.  I fully support my sushi spot in my neighborhood. and all my new york friends are hooked too :P
8 STARS!!!!!  this place f*#%ing rules.  like whoa.  godzilla roll with strawberry top = epic.  flying fish sashimi with the sickest presentation using the entire fish carcass, eyes and all = epic.  even the "regular" spicy tuna roll = epic.  but what blows this place out of the water, topping even the cozy decor, BYOB status, and impeccable service, are the change-your-life good oyster shooters.  seriously, the best thing i've ever tasted in my life.  we had them as an appetizer, and again for dessert.  insane amazing flavor VIP party in my mouth.  we're visiting friends for the weekend and we've already made plans to stop by for oyster shooters at least once tomorrow and again sunday before we leave.  best. ever.  and $30/person.  

5 word summary:  go here.  oyster shooters.  epic.
Any coincidence that "Umai Umai" sounds kind of like "yummy yummy?" Probably not.

I've had this BYO bookmarked ever since I moved to Philadelphia, but since it was "so far away" from my Queen Village digs, it was hard to find motivation to get up there.

But then I found Savored.com, where you can book reservations for $10 and receive 30% off your entire meal (food and drink). While it might not make sense to use if you have a party of two, Zack H and I double dated with a Manayunk couple and we saved a LOT. Though the reservation was for four, we had a fifth wheel happily join us, and the staff moved around tables and chairs for us, no problem. 

We started with the "Tapas for Two" even though we were five, and everyone still got to try a bite of everything. Chicken spring rolls, soft and succulent edamame, shumai in saffron sauce, veggie dumplings. Each nibble was delicious.

And then came the rolls. Oh god, the rolls. I see some of the less favorable Yelp reviews note the "small" size of the rolls at Umai Umai, and I have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. You know how most spicy tuna rolls are filled with aout 50% spicy mayo and 50% chopped pieces of fish? Not here. Huge cubes of tuna with just a schmeer of spice along the inside of the roll. I don't mind paying $8 for a simple roll when it looks amazing and tastes even better. Salmon with avocado was equally as fulfilling and the Godzilla rocked our world. Everyone at our table wanted a bite of this crazy roll, which included shrimp tempura, eel, strawberry slivers and macadamia nuts. It was completely unique and every flavor fell perfectly into my mouth. 


Get your Savored invite here: http://svrd.co/tA80zm
Delish fish!

Umai Umai has some of the best sushi that I have ever had... and the most innovative special sushi rolls! I am a huge fan of the Spartan roll (24-Hour Miso Marinated Beef Tenderloin, Chives, Shrimp Tempura, Paprika Aioli) and the Godzilla roll (Shrimp Tempura, BBQ Eel, Avocado, Strawberry [YES STRAWBERRY], Honey, Roasted Macadamia Bits).

A friend recently got the Seafood Paella and loved it. I also recommend the expensive ($18) but fun and delicious Asian Tapas for two, which is an appetizer. Plus all the soups are great.

As mentioned, it is BYOB. You can also order for pick up, which I often like to do because you should note that this place IS expensive. EX: the Spartan is $18 and the Godzilla is $16. I avoid paying huge tips this way. And to avoid the guilt, I give a little tip when I pick up.
Small, sleek & spendy!  Umai Umai has a great vibe and some really good fish, but be prepared to pony up... $5 per piece or $14-18 per signature roll adds up quickly (I really think the prices are higher than Nobu in NYC... and it's good - but, it ain't that good).  The best item for us was the appetizer for 1 (tuna brushetta, salmon tartar & an eel/potato thingie) - it looked straight outta iron chef america & completely blew us away and made us forget about the prices.  We missed out on the oyster shooter - definitely looks like an experience... but we watched others do them & make some very funky faces afterwards.  We'll be back!
My cousin drove 5 hours to Philadelphia just to eat this sushi! She never tried sushi before, and after I described their Godzilla rolls (shrimp tempura and eel with avocado, strawberry, honey, and macademia nuts), she was excited to give it a shot! Some things she said, "I wish I didn't have to swallow this, it tastes so good!"..."I wish I could just eat this for the rest of my life!"...and upon her mom asking her how it was, she said, "It was the best thing I ever had!" (and her mom's an amazing cook!) Umai is a great restaurant, and the Godzilla rolls are their specialty. BYOB and an empty stomach.
Umai Umai takes sushi to a totally different level.  I would liken the experience to the first time you realized a pizza could be gorgonzola, figs, arugula, and balsamic instead of Elliots.  I have had sushi at maybe 40 different places and it still blew my mind.  

The designer rolls at Umai Umai are so creative and delicious.  The combinations are unheard of, but every bite is better than the last.  (See: Krakken Roll: shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, soft shell crab, cherries, worcestershire aïoli, almond bits). Each designer roll has something like 8 huge pieces of sushi, so don't be scared away by the price.  

If you are a "I just want Tuna Sashimi" kind of person this may not be the place for you.  In my book, this is the best Sushi in Philly.  The service is great and it is a BYOB, for four of us the bill was $95 including tip.
Hands down my favorite sushi in the city--and I've made my rounds, including morimoto. Every time I go I am fully satisfied. 

It is a verrrrry small, BYOB with to die for special rolls. I have yet to dislike one. The traffic light (topped with red, yellow, and green roe) is a personal favorite. 

Also, if you go you MUST get the dessert, the name of which is escaping me, that is a cross between funnel cake and churros with chocolate....all while being delicate.
Love this place!!! We just go for the sushi so i cant comment on the entrees or apps but the sushi is very fresh and very tasty!!! We went to pod recently and couldn't believe the difference between umai and pod. Also couldn't believe this place was in the neighborhood for like 2 years before we actually went there!! Now its become a definite staple in our dining out agenda! The speciality rolls are a little pricey - but if youre going to out you might as well indulge yourself with something different!! The godzilla roll and the eternal sunshine rolls are the ones id recommend the most.  When you read about them on the menu its hard to imagine everything thats in it working so well together but it does. Definitely check this place out - youll thank me later!
Love at first Bite.

When I told people I was going here for dinner the other night, I could see the stars in their eyes. This place was legitimately to die for.  

They have some outlandish names for their rolls. I like that the menu is not overwhelming and provides additional options outside of just sushi.  We started with the rock shrimp tempura which is cooked in a spicy aoili which left me weak in the knees. I couldn't get enough..and it was a perfect portion size for two to split. 

We split a few different rolls, which were generously sized and out of this world.  the Spirited Away with seasame crusted tuna and crab did not fail to disappoint, but the Nemo roll was truly mind blowing.  Crunchy roll with snowcrab and avacado.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful..the crunch in their rolls is really what tops it all off.  Best sushi I've had in the city thus far.
Sushi and a BYO. Does it get any better?

Not to say that I don't love RAW, and I do - but for those of us who have been to Umai, you know it's the best sushi in Philly. 

The ambiance is perfect, their specialty rolls (especially the Godzilla) are out of this world!, and it's probably my favorite spot in Fairmount. 

This is a place I have gone on dates, as well as just with friends, and it is an appropriate sushi venue for whatever group you venture out with. :)
I'm a big sushi lover and have worked with several of the nations best sushi chefs.  

I love this place for dine in and take out.  I agree that this is the best sushi in Philadelphia.  Many of their more exotic roll are phenomenal.  The Godzilla roll with Macerated Strawberry's is a textural Masterpiece, and somehow does not end up too sweet.  

However, some other rolls get a little muddled with too many flavors.  I'm not a purist, but occasionally over-thinking great sushi can subvert the freshness of their fish, and the obvious care with which the fish is cut and rolled.

Overall a clear standout!
I will say that the fact it's BYO is the only thing keeping this place from being prohibitively expensive. It is however, worth the expense. 

My date and I got the sushi combo and the poseidon roll to start. It was a little overwhelming - there were I think twelve cuts of fish plus the roll. Some were better than others, but all were very yummy. The roll was really good - a mix of sweet and savory and topped with eel which = my favorite. It wasn't particularly innovative - just a lot of tastes in one place, but they were all really really good tastes. We followed up with the Nemo which was awe.some. Wrapped in cucumber, spicy and cruncy, oh it was great. And it was one of the cheaper rolls in the "Designer Rolls" section of the menu. Yum.

The service was great - our server was very helpful and attentive. It was a little small and a little loud, but not so much to keep me from going back. I'll echo others in suggesting to get reservations later in the week to ensure a table when you get there.
Love the food, love the service, love the location, love the ambiance. Did I mention I loved the food? Good BYO, Good Sushi, fresh, and tasty.

I'd be remiss if I left out a key event that happened, which put quite the damper on our trip. Sitting at a table next to the wall, Umai Umai had a little mascot run behind the illuminated wall.. a cockroach running as if late for his bus. It happened, it was gross, and made us wonder about the cleaniless of this place.

Sure, every place has an occasional cockroach, I get it. Again, I wouldnt be truthful if I neglected to report this unfortunate mascot.
My friend and I went to Umai Umai last night. We had a really nice time, although I was a bit under the weather. I felt a lot better after nursing my green tea and some Miso soup! We got the Pingu roll off of the designer roll menu, and it was delicious! We also got the Mango sorbet for desert, and it was really really good. The waitstaff was incredibly attentive, and I really liked the cozy atmosphere, and the clever decorations and table settings. And it is BYOB! I would definitely come back here. The one drawback is that the designer rolls are a bit spendy, $12-18 a pop.
My wife and I joined some of our friends last night at Umai Umai in center city Philadelphia. This small corner restaurant was buzzing with happy diners upon our arrival and we soon joined in. On the advice of our friends, who had been to the restaurant before, we ordered two salads, four specialty rolls, and two regular rolls. This was more than enough for two couples.

The restaurant is BYOB and we enjoyed a nice bottle of white wine with our dinner. To start our dinner we opted for the Brussel Sprout and Mango salads. Both were excellent. We then ordered the Kraken, Poseidon, Stoplight, and Henrietta rolls along with a yellow fin and a spicy tuna roll for our main course. All of the rolls we selected were excellent and the variety gave us the chance to sample a good portion of the menu.

I am not sure of the exact meaning of Umai Umai, but from now on it means Yummy Yummy to me. If you are in the mood for excellent sushi give this spot a try. You can thank me later.
After two failed attempts of getting a table by walk-in on a busy weekend I learnt my lesson to make the reservation for this place for which I only heard good things. I am so glad the wait was finally over and I got to try the delicious sushi. 

Oops I forgot its BYOB...I wish I had a bottle of Wine to enjoy the view by the window...

Its a nice little place with good seating arrangements to accommodate small and moderately big groups. Staff was really good, happy to answer all the questions, patient, friendly and gives you enough time to place orders and enjoy the meal. 

Started the meal with an order of Edamame followed by three sushi in the order of preference - Godzilla, Ping Pong and Traffic Light. All the sushis had such unique combination that it had flavor in itself and I did not need soy sauce-garlic to dip.

Godzilla - Freshness!!!! Such a great mix of Shrimp, avocado, strawberry. love love love! 
Ping Pong - Juicy!!!! Crispy spicy tuna and pineapple salsa went so well.
Traffic Light - Colorful!!! Crispy soft shell crab , spicy mayo and avocado was good flavor but couldn't beat the top 2 sushi. 

Ended the dinner with Funnel cake fries. It was sooooo good. Slurp! Slurp! The fries were well made and did not feel oily at all. Chocolate sauce as a dipping was really good. Reminded me of Ocean city boardwalk where I would also eat the Funnel fries except that these were way better. 

I will definitely make another visit so I can meet/eat Nemo, King Kong and Pingu.
"Umai umai" means "delicious delicious" in Japanese, and this place is aptly named. The fish here is extremely fresh and tasty. 

We started with the seaweed salad and the crispy salmon skin salad. The seaweed salad was good, but not anything out of the ordinary. I mean, I don't think it's even possible to have out-of-the-ordinary seaweed salad, so whatever. At $5 for the little bowl, it was an okay deal. The crispy salmon skin though, was fantastic. It was $10, but surprisingly large: enough salad for two people. The combinations of flavors and textures were great. 

The King Kong is one of maybe 2-3 fancy rolls containing raw fish: tuna, salmon, and yellowtail all packed into it. This was a tasty (though large and a bit difficult to eat) roll. The spicy tuna was great, huge chunks of fresh raw tuna with just a dab of spicy mayo. The chirashi was a work of art: tiny slices of a multitude of fishes over a bed of seasoned (and gingered) rice carefully garnished with tiny flowers and other flourishes, and a totally reasonable amount of food for $26. It even included some sweet and creamy uni (sea urchin) and salmon roe with a tiny raw (quail?) egg cracked on top. 

All this would have cost ~$65, pre-tip. It's a little on the expensive side, but the quality of the food here is worth the occasional extra expense (unlike other fancy Japanese places, e.g. Izumi). It's still a better deal than restaurant week. 

My only qualm with this place is that their designer rolls consist mostly of cooked things, like shrimp tempura, soft shell crab, or beef. Not nearly enough raw fish, which is what I look for in sushi. So if you're one of those people who don't like raw fish, you'll love the fancy rolls here.
Had the pleasure of coming to umai umai and was extremely impressed from start to finish. 

Though the place is tiny, it's very cute and intimate - perfect for date night. 

Chef Alex is super friendly and made a point to talk to all of us, explain the dishes, and the thought behind them. He really knows his stuff. 

Each dish was more inventive than the next. This is not your standard sushi joint. The meal started with oyster shooters which are UNREAL- and that's coming from someone who doesn't like oysters. There's a mixture of oyster and uni in broth, topped with a marinated quail egg and caviar. You drop the egg and caviar into the shooter and knock it back- I promise you'll want more than one. 

Also- the Brussels sprouts- O M G- best I've ever had. 

Can't forget the sushi- each roll was super unique (eel with cherries?! Avocado and strawberry?!) but chef Alex really knows his stuff when it comes to marrying non traditional flavors. 

Do yourself a favor and stop into Umai Umai for a meal you won't soon forget!
I had heard about Umai from a ton of different people as being their "favorite sushi place in philly" but I somehow never made it there.  Well, Friday night that all changed and I got to eat some of the best sushi I've ever had!  The Traffic Light Roll (everyone recommended this) was awesome, as was the Spirited Away Roll, the Rock Shrimp Tempura appetizer, and a few other rolls whose names escape me.  Definitely check this place out.  I love that its a BYO, and it has a really romantic atmosphere--perfect for a date.
ALLERGY FRIENDLY!!!!!!!

I'm a veggie with nut, egg, and shellfish allergies. Typically I'm great with just a cucumber/avacado roll, but when I explained that to the server she insisted on letting the chef have more fun. Certainly, I was relieved, b/c this is a top-notch sushi place so I was excited to be able to try the best of the best, despite my allergies!

The chef made me veggie tempora rolls (no egg in the batter!), a veggie roll with tomato, greens and others, and a new favorite with avocado and strawberry topping drizzled in honey. Before getting to work he was sure to clean and sterilize the boards and knife blades to be sure there were no remains of nuts or shellfish, without me even asking!

Anyone with allergies, rest assured at Umai Umai, they will take care of you! Be sure to bring an allergy card with you though, I know that really helped the chef know everything that was totally safe to 'play' with.

I can't wait to go back!
This is hands down my favorite sushi spot EVER!!!  Service and atmosphere have consistently been superb.  
The sushi and all the other menu items are beautiful as well as delicious.  
Alex makes sitting at the sushi bar - so fun !!!
I can't wait to go again!!!
My bff had made the reservation through savored.com. We live in the suburbs so we made a later reservation so we wouldn't have to sit through lovely Philly traffic. We arrived and did have a little bit of a time finding parking. It's located in a residential area, there wasn't a parking garage,  we circled for a little bit until we found parking. 

We walked in and saw the sushi bar. The restaurant was your typical small sushi place, around 13-15 tables and it was about 80% full. The servers greeted us immediately and they also offered to keep our beer cold for us. I thought that was a kind gesture. LOVE BYOB's! 

We started the meal with a spicy tuna roll. It was flavorful and the tuna tasted incredible. We then had the scallop appetizer, it was served on a saffron rice and a topped with a beet foam. It was good, but not my favorite. The scallop was cooked perfectly, but I didn't get a lot of beet flavor from the foam. We also ordered the shrimp pad thai. It did mention that is was served in a tomato-tamarind sauce. It reminded me of spaghetti sauce with a slight thai flair. It was good, but again not my favorite. 

We ordered two rolls, the godzilla and nemo, along with some unagi. The godzilla roll was the best sushi roll I've ever had. Shrimp tempura with eel, avocado, honey, strawberry, and macadamia nuts. I had no idea how this was going to work, but based on the yelp reviews I have to try it. It did not disappoint. 

The Nemo roll was good, I liked it wrapped in cucumber, but the crunch flavor was a little overwhelming and I felt like I was eating breakfast potatoes. 

I was so full I didn't even try the unagi, but my bff ate it and she enjoyed it. 

The food and service there was great. The servers were so on top of it, cleared plates, brought new ones, kept our beer cold, they really enhanced the overall experience. 

I'm looking forward to going back again soon.
Fact: There is not really a whole lot of great places to go out to in the Fairmount neighborhood. 

(I'm sure there's a slew of Fairmounters reading this right now going, "That's not true I love ____ and ____ is where we all meet on Friday night") I'm sorry Fairmounters, but I spent 3 years living among you and I hate to say it, but Fairmount seems great when you're stuck there and not in the mood to grab the 48 bus to reality. However, it's social offerings are lackluster at best and very exclusionary when it comes to visitors from outside the confines of the Pennsylvania/30th/Girard/20th St. square.

But I digress...

Fact: Uh.... Yum!!!! Umai Umai is a safe heaven within a culinary wasteland. The rolls are fantastic, the prices are reasonable and you cannot go there without having a Godzilla Roll or 4.
Unbelievably amazing and creative sushi here my friends.  First things first-get a reservation. Even with a reservation we waited about 45 minutes, but it was well worth it.  The restaurant did give us our apps for free for waiting so long, which was a nice gesture.  This place is very tiny and fills up quite fast.  I love the open kitchen concept they have going on as it adds to the cozy atmosphere.  And don't forget it's a BYOB. 
The designer rolls are awesome.  I love fruit infused sushi and this spot has a lot of that going on. My favorite by far was the Kraken roll.  I forget all the components, but there were cherries in it and it was delish.  The Godzilla roll was fabulous as well.  Anyone who loves sushi needs to get here ASAP and taste all the awesome stuff they have going on here.
I am probably in the minority of people who are not blown away by umai umai. That being said, I would return to try more stuff.
The Godzilla was very interesting. I really enjoyed the strawberry and overall creativeness of this role. It was sweet and savory.
The Krakken was very cohesive and a must try.
Traffic Light was pretty mild in flavor. I barely tasted any soft shell crab. It had tons of tobiko.
The Spartan was quite mediocre, though I did enjoy the paprika aoli that went along with it.
The Ping Pong was just okay.
Overall, I wasn't blown away. Granted a lot of my rolls were now raw and I ordered takeout.
I would definitely return one day to try more raw rolls. You definitely cannot beat the creativity they have put in their rolls.
If you want traditional sushi (by traditional, I mean less creative and more popular rolls you find in US sushi restaurants), I would venture elsewhere. But if you want sushi and want to explore more styles and inventiveness, try this place.
Awesome BYO sushi joint right in Fairmount/Spring Garden!  We got the appetizer sampler that same wiht shumai, dumplings and egg rolls. I went with a philly roll and the godzilla roll. the godzilla roll was unlike any other roll I've ever had. If you'da told me I'd love a sushi roll with honey and strawberry on it, I would have looked at you like you had 8 heads. It was a killer roll, to say the least. I also liked the idea of being able to bring in our own bottle of wine. All in all, great little sushi spot with high-grade sushi and great service.
Umai Umai TOTALLY surpassed any expectation I might have had, and erased any nervousness about going to an unfamiliar (to me) restaurant in an unfamiliar (to me) neighborhood. I made a reservation through savored.com, which for ten dollars, gives you 30% off all food and drinks. 

There were two sushi chefs working, and only two servers; however, service was seriously impeccable from start to finish! We were greeted at the door, confirmed our savored.com reservation's (which always makes me nervous about receiving subpar service, but this was so not the case) and our super classy Bud Light Premium was kept cool for us in the back. Our main server made sure to keep our small table clear of plates as soon as we were done, refreshed silverware if she had to take ours away, and there was perfect timing between plates. Everything was really on point.

Food was overall delish, with sushi being the star and the appetizers a little lackluster. My bffski (hi Amy A.!) picked a scallop appetizer, that she describes in her review much better than I could. All I remember was that it was cooked well, but the flavor wasn't memorable at all. Their online menu doesn't list it, so I don't remember how much it cost. I picked shrimp pad thai (9 for app, 16 for entree), which was a much larger portion than I expected for a small plate. The flavors were really good, but it was more like an exotic marinara sauce. There were also like four gigantic, perfectly cooked grilled shrimp that was delicious. Our spicy tuna roll (8) was amazing though! The tuna wasn't ground, so you could see the pretty, rich color and how fresh it was. We then split the godzilla roll (16), which was shrimp tempura topped with strawberries. Amy LOVED this, and I thought it was pretty good, but I'm weirded out by sweet and savory sushi. The nemo roll (12) had snow crab, avocado, potato crunch, and was wrapped in cucumber. It was both really light and fresh from the cucumber and avocado, but there was such a large amount of potato crunch that was a little overly fried that, ultimately, the sushi tasted heavy.

In the end, I most liked the basic spicy tuna and the a la carte unagi sushi. The designer rolls were large, tasty, and perhaps worth the hefty price tag, but I still think sushi is best more basic. The loss of a star was only due to the very small appetizer letdown, but I still loved our experience there.
Terrible service. Waited 1.5 hours for what we ordered and got nothing. We were so hungry we were literally dipping Shishito Peppers stem that came as appetizer at the very beginning in soy sauce. We were simply ignored and the private party inside was given all priority. Restaurant who doesn't respect customers and treat them all equal simply does not understand the business. Manager came without apology when requested either
Definitely a hidden gem in Philly.  By far my favorite sushi place in the city.  The atmosphere is always calm and cozy.  Would recommend making a reservation because this place is ALWAYS busy.

Wait staff are always friendly and willing to give suggestions.  They are also really good with allergies.  I have a shellfish allergy & have never had a reaction at this restaurant.  

Food wise - everything I have tried here is amazing.  Tapas for Two is always my go to when starting out.  It gives you a great variety of food before indulging into sushi.  The rolls here are a great size - I usually cant even finish one by myself.  My go to rolls are the Ping Pong & King Kond.  I also have gotten the Pingu before and substituted crab for tuna.  For those people who can eat shellfish, my boyfriend LOVES the Nemo roll.
YUUUM! i really really love the space and the food! like everyone else said the rolls are really fresh and tasty. the service was attentive, and byo = yay! also this place serves low sodium soy sauce (nice!). 

all the rolls were really very tasty, and the right balance of fish, rice, and additional stuff like masago. i got the red light (or stop light) roll because it had red, yellow, and green masago on it! such creative delivery. i highly recommend this place! 

one note though, the appetizers are really small. i got one of the appetizers (hamachi ceviche i think? the menu on menupages is incomplete) and i didn't think it was worth it. it was tasty but there were only a few pieces of hamachi. stick with the rolls!
There aren't too many restaurants that I leave with that "Wow, that was incredible meal, and worth every penny" feeling every. single. time. But I'm never less than thrilled with Umai Umai.  It's still my very favorite place to eat sushi in Philly. 

The seaweed salad has delicious flavor, their classic rolls are full of fish (none of that pink slime spicy tuna BS) and their designer rolls are unique. Service is fast and friendly. It's a perfect spot for date night, or girls' night out. The only thing that sucks is trying to find parking in Fairmount. But what else is new?
This was my favorite sushi place during my 2 year romance with Philadelphia.

The place is sort of small inside and very dark, it can also be sort of loud.  Usually, though, the ambiance is fine (much better than the trying-so-hard-to-be-cool Fat Salmon).

Not to be racist against my own race... But when I first walked in and saw a white guy like me making the sushi, i was worried.  After we ordered my fears were quickly assuaged.  He was clearly a master with the knife and the fish was incredibly fresh.

My favorite items on the menu are the sashimi options.  There is a large assortment of different fish to choose and everything that I tried was fresh and delicious.

They also have a lot of tooly rolls with names like "the spirited away roll".  If you're going to name something after an anime, can't you at least pick one that was not distributed by Disney?  Sheesh.  But, these tend to be very popular, so I'm assuming they are very good.  I saw a lot of people with the "stop light roll" or something.

Overall, it is excellent sushi.  Highly recommended.  If on a date, get the Unagi.  It's supposedly an aphrodisiac.
By far my favorite sushi spot in the city and my attendance record can prove that.  I bring all out of town visitors here without hesitation.  I also introduce anyone in the area that has never been to this wonderful gem.  The spicy tuna is amazing - no chopped up paste like everywhere else, they give real hunks of meat.  My favorite would have to be the Spartan roll not only for the flavor but also the creativity I've never seen elsewhere.  Must try!
For what it's worth, Dear Yelpers, Umai Umai has secured a spot in my Hall Of (food) Fame.  After Doma flat-out fumbled our reservation for six on Saturday night, Umai Umai took us in for a late seating and was the savior of our Lake House reunion party.  It only seemed fitting that we get together and drink the last of our Upstate NY vino from our recent trip north.  I've been to Umai Umai several times, and I'm always surprised at the quality of the fish, the creativity of the rolls, and the congeniality of the staff.  However, this time I was blown away.  If you do not try the Eternal Sunshine Roll then you have no love for all that is delectable in life.  Just give up now and save the joyousness for the rest of us.  Get out of my sunshine.  The chef was graciously accommodating of my shellfish allergy - I loathe having to request substitutions, but the Godzilla Roll rendered me begging, even for some bastard form of it.  The chef substituted the Shrimp Tempura for Salmon Tempura.  Damn.  I surrender.  I'm sure after 10 bottles of wine, the service staff must have thought we were lunatics, but they were all smiles as we closed the restaurant down.  Two apps, three huge specialty rolls, and a well-earned tip set us back $75.00.  I've spent twice that on meals half as good.  Get to Umai Umai while there's still fish left in the ocean.  You'll see what I'm talking about.
As many have mentioned, THEY will cater to YOUR needs!!! I went with a friend who is allergic to Avocados (dont ask, I think he just thinks he's allergic to them).  We asked for rolls minus the avocado.  They asked us if it was a severe allergy because if it was, they were willing to completely clean and sanitize the entire cooking area before preparing our rolls.  Many places will not do this. 

Now onto the food. I have been to a number of Sushi places in Philly and I would have to say I've had the best rolls at Umai Umai.  Although the prices are high, the Designer Rolls are completely worth it. They are a larger portion than regular rolls and each one offers something different.  I recommend the King Kong, Godzilla, Krakken, and Pingu.  Amongst these, the Krakken was my favorite!  I also tried the Spicy Tuna roll, which I can say is by far the best spicy tuna roll I have had. 

To top it off, its BYOB!

Overall, this is a great place to go with friends or take someone out on a date.  Umai Umai has great ambiance and a friendly staff.
After having lived in the neighborhood for almost years & passing this sushi spot every day on the bus, I finally dined here last night. The service was excellent - our waitress was friendly and our food was delivered quickly. This spot is BYOB which is very helpful considering the prices. However, we decided not to & instead ordered the green tea to start, which was very refreshing. 

My husband had the Miso Soup to start and I had the Mixed Green Salad w/ Ginger Dressing. Unexpected large portion of the salad, and it was topped with cucumbers, red peppers, and shallots. Delicious! 

For our main course we split the Sashimi Platter ($25) and the Ping Pong Roll (Spicy Tuna Hot Pocket, Chives, Spicy Aioli). The Sashimi was incredibly fresh & presented beautifully. The Ping Pong Roll had a great crunch to it, and a lot of flavor. 

Overall, this was a very good meal. I will say that while the service was great, and the sushi was good, the cost is prohibitive in terms of making this a weekly spot. We will be back again, but not on a regular basis.
I had heard amazing things about Umai Umai from many people, so I was thrilled to try it for the first time...and wound up with food poisoning. I know eating raw fish comes with some risk, so I went back a second time and ordered Chirashi for takeout. When I got home, I was completely disappointed to see that the few pieces of fish I had received were so thin that I could see through them - as thin as the ginger. 

Between those two off-putting experiences, I won't be back to see if third time is the charm.
This is one of my absolute favorites! I eat here about once a month. I love the godzilla roll and seafood clay pot. I have taken everyone I know to this restaurant. I was a little disappointed however my last visit when they lost the alcohol they said they would keep for me from my birthday and didn't have coconut milk to make curry on a Saturday night at 8pm?! 
I'm sure I will be back though...
Went here on the advice of a friend who said it was the best sushi she ever had.  Tried the scallop appetizer (on her request) and also a specialty roll with sesame tuna, crab, avocado, and an ancho chile sauce.  Both were amazing!  Will definitely be back to try some of their other rolls.
My favorite sushi place in Philly.  The atmosphere is great, the service is excellent and the food is fantastic.  By far the best restaurant in the Fairmount area.  The designer rolls are creative and delicious.  Godzilla and Traffic Light are among my favorites but all are good.  Also, the spicy tuna hand roll is excellent.  I haven't had one bad thing on the menu.
Wow. What a disappointment. With all the hype, and GREAT reviews, I'm hoping we somehow caught them on an off night.

Simply for the price alone, I expected much better quality fish. Temperature and texture were just off. The fish came out just too warm and too much of what we ate was fibrous rather than silky. I frequently use uni as a guide to how "fresh" items are at a sushi restaurant, but they were all out so that meant no oyster sliders or uni 

Ok, I get that many items on the menu are non-traditional and "innovative" but for being referred to some as the "BEST sushi in the city," we paid way too much for the lowest quality sushi we've had in the city. 

This is one of the rare times I've really felt mislead by yelp. It doesn't make sense to me. Unless the regular sushi chefs were away and they had some completely inexperienced chefs in their place preparing everything, I really don't know what happened. 

The best thing about our meal was the beer we brought hoping to pair along with our dinner: Firestone Parabola Reserve.
This is my first bad review...but I have to post it because the experience was that awful...

Food: Put simply, this was the worst sushi I have ever had. We ordered a spicy tuna roll, nigiri plate and a King Kong roll. Simply terrible. The tuna roll had a gross after taste and smelled awful - we didn't finish it. The nigiri plate was not worth $30, period. Most of the pieces were dull or had to be followed by water to get over it. Oh, and the warm tap water was lovely. 

Atmosphere: not good. Cramped. But would have been fine if the food was excellent. 

Service: 40 mins to get our food when the place was half full. Poor to say the least. 

Punchline: stay away. I could have gone to Whole Foods and gotten better quality sushi at a fraction of the price. 

Never again.
After loving the food and atmosphere of this restaurant, I decided to have my birthday dinner here. I called 1.5 months prior to ensure I could make a reservation for 5 people on a Friday night in October. The day before I didn't hear anything from the restaurant so I called them to make sure my reservation was in place. After some confusion they were able to locate it and assured  me it was all set. I arrived at 8pm for my reservation and they informed me my table was outside. This was obviously not ideal since it was cold outside and they have NO lighting outside. You can't see anything - the food, the people you're dining with, etc. We had to use phone lights to make the dinner even manageable. We were also seated as the furthest table away so it felt like we were tucked away by the trash. Overall it was not the atmosphere I expected nor wanted for my birthday dinner. The first hostess was pretty rude about it and insisted I had requested an outdoor table (not true). Our server clearly felt bad about it and offered some free apps. This didn't fix the fact we were sitting in the cold and let me repeat complete darkness! There were no lights anywhere!!! If they're going to have outdoor seating, they should at least have some sort of lighting situation. Overall the food was amazing as I expected but the atmosphere was so disappointing. I wouldn't recommend this place to take your reservation seriously so stick to coming here for unimportant events.
Finally found an authentic sushi place in Philly after trying a couple of disappointing places earlier on in my stay. I would recommend calling for a reservation since it has a small capacity and will probably always be popular. It is BYOB, which I dig.  

I sat at the bar with a great view of the sushi chefs? artists? Once things slowed down a bit, around 9:30  PM I asked then some questions and they were happy to chat. 

The staff was busy but professional and helpful. 

Looks like a GREAT place for a date. Plus a lot of tables with double dates or a group of "girls night out" kind of groups. 

I would recommended it and go back when I am in Philly again
TL;DR- Great food, worth the price for sure. Get the godzilla roll, its weird but works.
-----
Love Vic's sushi (still best sushi per dollar in my opinion) but we wanted to try something new so we checked this place out. The vibe was cozy, we didn't have a reservation so we had to sit at the bar (could have sat outside also). Place was packed even when we left at 9:30. BYOB.

Waiter was super nice, all the people working there seemed to be. We started off with the shishito peppers which were really nice. Sometimes they are too oily but these were good, would get again. The spicy few weren't too hot.  

I got the spicy tuna and the godzilla roll. So i don't know if you can see it in my shitty picture but the spicy tuna is not mashed its like a whole cut of tuna and then spicy mayo on it. I was a little confused at first but I totally get why. They were just showing off how good their fish was. The tuna was fatty and delicious and there was only a little bit of spicy mayo, so you really tasted the fish. 

I also got a "godzilla" roll which is like shrimp tempora, eel, strawberries, honey, and macadamia nut. What the fuck. I sort of just got this because it sounded weird, but it was so good. I do not know how they figured out that would work well. Like the sweetness of the honey and strawberries worked with the saltiness of the macadamia nuts and then the crunch of the tempora. I don't know man, I cant really explain it but it the flavors melded together nicely. My girlfriend liked it too and she normally only fucks with traditional sushi (she got the nigri).

My girlfriend also said the fish was just really high quality here as well.  She had 12 pieces of nigiri which included squid and scallops which were new for her. 

For dessert we got the banana spring roll with red bean paste and (i think french vanilla) ice cream. The ice cream was really good, it was super creamy and a little melted (in a good way), but I probably wouldn't get the dish again. 

Only thing that was kind of weak was there were lipstick stains all over my napkin. It was obviously a clean napkin that was just stained but like still kind of gross.
This is one of the best and most innovative sushi restaurants that I have ever enjoyed. The addition of fruit to their creative line of sushi rolls is something to definitely try. BOYB makes it a true bargain. The Brussels sprouts is a must. But, the highlight of this place is the knowledgeable and welcoming staff. Will be back again and again.
I found myself falling in love with the Japanese green curry paella, what do ya know?

Must get: paella, ?nigiri platter (has one of each - but thin cuts)
Meh: specialty sushi, this little crispy rice w/avocado thing, oyster shooters
Missed out: larger dishes

There was a lot of hype for this restaurant, being a hole-in-the-wall joint with byob status. While my experience may be limited due to intense heat, loud patrons, and very uncomfortably sticky floor, overly mayo'd specialty sushi, and overhyped oyster shooters (a bit too much bitterness and not enough umami) all of that discomfort melted away after our impulsive purchase of the seafood paella. This dish is perfect in every way. It's cheesy, it's spicy, it has generous portions of (slightly overcooked) seafood, and it's filling. The curry worked so well with the cheese and all the notes just worked in harmony. I don't know how this dish could be ordered to go, but if possible, I strongly recommend it.

Food: 2-5 stars (paella)
Service: 2 stars (our first waitress was quite...busy and seemed to be annoyed when we asked for soy sauce, utensils, or a seating that was not crammed at the entrance with the soggy mats
Ambiance: 1 star
Price: 2-3 stars
Such bad food poisoning from eating here, I ended up hospitalized. When I called the store to let them know in case there were other sick people and they wanted to reach out to their fish vendors, they blew me off. Besides that, the food was overpriced and very over-hyped. Very mediocre meal.
I have had the best sushi in my 8 years of sushi eating right here at Umai Umai. Doesn't get any better.
Went here for dinner on Valentine's Day and was extremely pleased.  They had our reservation ready for us at 9:15 on the dot and were very accommodating. Since it is BYO we brought a bottle of Pinot noir and a few Sapporos to complement the sushi.  

We started with the udon and miso soup, both being nice portions and then the tapas starter which was amazing.  

For our entrees we split the Godzilla roll, the Nemo roll, and a yellowtail roll as well as a side of seaweed salad.  The Godzilla roll was 10 gargantuan pieces of deliciousness while the Nemo roll was 6 wrapped pieces in a cucumber style and was delectable as well.  

We couldn't finish everything because the size of the rolls were very large and filling. 

Overall I will most certainly be back to Umai Umai and thought that for the amount of food we received, it was extremely affordable.

Definitely worth a visit!
It's name says it best, "YUM, YUM". 
As other reviews have mentioned this place is a little pricey but c'mon you are saving on liquor since its BYO and you are experiencing creative sushi rolls beyond the "specialty rolls'" common to most sushi restaurants.  Treat yourself to the Godzilla roll, although the $16 price is big (like you'd expect the actual monster to be) the roll is delicious combination of nuts, avocado, strawberries and shrimp tempura.  Service is slow but in this recent case, the staff was professional enough to realize and help us kill time  (and hunger) with complimentary edamame.  It does have a super datey feel to it, so if you are going with a friend sit at the bar and watch the chef Alexander McCoy (formerly of Morimoto and Colorado based, Teikoku) work his magic.  My only negative for this restaurant was the fact that it got a little bit loud as the crowd increased so just be prepared to join in the rowdiness or at least drown it out with a good bottle!
.
.
.
.
A woman that I've been trying to love
with all my heart 
for over 5 years and I ,
last week went to Umai Umai for the first time.
It's a beautiful little spot
that I highly recommend 
which had upon that day 
one of the most pleasant and personal and professional
waitresses that I've ever encountered.
Maya and I just absolutely loved everything.
The bill was near 100$.
I had what may be 
the most delicious food or thing 
I've ever eaten.
And unlike other reviews 
I will not be telling you what we ordered  ....lol
Umai is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. Its a great date place. The ambiance is romantic and its a byob.

I highly recommend the Chilean miso (Pan seared miso marinated Chilean sea bass) and the chef's choice combo sushi-sashimi platter ( believe me it is worth the price tag). Other notable menu items were the dynamic duo appetizer and the kobe beef.
Perfect. Great service. Simple, yet imaginative menu. A real hidden treasure. I've walked by this place a hundred times and never noticed it. 

The crispy calamari salad us the best plating of calamari that I have ever experienced. The special rolls are generously portioned. The atmosphere rivals world renowned sushi restaurants right here in Philly (not mentioning names chef moromoto). Absolutely live this place.
It's been a few years since I came back to this place, but its reputation can be applauded for quality and fresh seafood and stylish, decadent presentation. Was in the Fairmount area after an event and thought to stop by a gem in the neighborhood. Afraid that without a reservation, the place would be packed and wouldn't be able to get seating. Luckily, we were seated shortly after arriving and gastronomic experience commenced.

Umai Umai is known to have "designer" rolls, which are aptly named (unlike "special" rolls) because their rolls are designed with perfection for taste and aesthetic. A while back, their designer rolls would be significantly larger but with a hefty pricetag; however, now the place offers the same quality taste at a smaller portion for a fraction of the price. Makes sense. While there is a cut in size and price, taste is not compromised, nor is service. Staff is trained to be knowledgeable in their menu offerings and are adept at making recommendations.

I normally go for the chirashi to satisfy my sashimi cravings, but tonight I decided to grab an entree. Went with the sesame crusted tuna. The presentation was a delight and the taste matched. The sweet potato mash was smooth and creamy, the "spicy" teriyaki was surprisingly not too salty and paired nicely with the fish, and the tuna's temperature was perfect. Highly recommended!

If you're looking for my picks for designer rolls, you can't go wrong with the Pingu or Krakken, but everything else also guarantees great flavor! While my wallet didn't leave a happy customer, my stomach certainly did!
I was so excited to try this place as I've heard it was great! I enjoyed the Brussels sprouts app and  was given advice on which rolls to order. I ordered a roll with the fish "escolar" in it. The rolls were okay I wouldn't say they were anything special or great. Fast forward a few hours and I had  intense stomach pains, cramping and nausea. I then threw up for a few hours and was sick for almost 3 days. I had one 6 piece roll with this fish in it and got very sick. I then looked into the side effects of eating this fish and found out it to be labeled as "dangerous" and illegal to eat in a few countries. Why would u even have this on your menu? No warning for your customers? I'll never go back. A warning to anyone going here- google the side effects of escolar and stay away.
This might just be my new favorite sushi spot in Philly. Plus it's BYOB.

- Oyster shooters: Loved these! Great flavors all in one shot glass. Kumamoto oysters, uni, salmon roe, and quail egg with a blast of citrus. 
- Chirashi: Fresh and delightful. Included salmon, tuna, yellowtail, snapper, striped jack, amberjack, squid, quail egg, escolar, albacore, and uni. The escolar (white tuna) was buttery and delicious. Wish I had asked for more uni. 
- Finding Nemo (designer roll): Snow crab and avocado wrapped with thin slices of cucumber. No rice in this roll.

There are seats by the counter where the sushi is being prepared but the rest of this cozy restaurant has no Japanese-y feel at all. Sit by the counter if you want a more authentic experience.
Umai umai is my absolute favorite sushi spot in Philadelphia! The restaurant is small, but incredibly charming. I recommend making a reservation in advance, but the sushi bar is always walk-up friendly. They are closed on Sundays (no fresh fish is delivered Sunday so you know what you get here is FRESH). I have tried just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. If you like spice I recommend the shishito peppers with yuzu salt. For sushi and sashimi the cuts of fish are large and tender. Unlike a lot of places that chop up and mix their spicy tuna/salmon rolls, they provide large cuts that are not overpowered by the other items in the roll. The special rolls are the same way with large pieces. It is BYOB so grab a bottle of sake or some beers at Whole Foods or Stone's Beer Distributor (Fairmount). A great spot for a date or even a solo date, treat yo self!
tl;dr a tiny Japanese BYOB offering a contemporary take on the traditional sushi bar

Looking to step up from your favorite hole-in-the-wall, takeout sushi joint? Want to experience an ambitious take on sushi classics without sacrificing quality. Umai Umai aims to fill that niche.

The tiny dining area falls somewhere between cramped and cozy but definitely could use some TLC. The ceiling and walls are decked with stained lumber slats, contrasting the faux granite floor tiles. Surprisingly heavy chairs are paired with meticulously arranged chipped linoleum tables. The incandescent bulbs starkly contrast the blue-LED fixture across the back wall. Electronic instrumental music reverb and patron chatter fill the air.

My partner and I arrived at Umai Umai for an early weekend dinner, equipped with a bottle of white wine. We were promptly seated and given an ice bucket to chill our bottle as we perused the menu. We opted for 2 Oster Shooters, 2 Crispy Rice Tots, the Chirashi bowl, the Godzilla roll, the Spartan roll, and the Krakken roll. (The latter roll was an add-on; we were still a bit peckish after the other items). The shooter was an exciting way to kick off the evening, blending an eclectic mix of flavors and textures. Definitely chew it a few times to maximize the savoriness of the quail egg and the saltiness of the salmon roe. The rice tots were coated with a sweet, sticky glaze that reminded me fondly of a toasted marshmallow, then topped with a creamy tuna tartare. My only gripe was that the size of each tot awkwardly fell between one and two bites. The Chirashi bowl was an affordable option to maximize your variety, consisting of two slices of each sashimi offering. (My favorites were the scallop and uni.)

While everything was pleasant up to this point, the designer rolls reached another level. Armed with strawberry and honey, the Godzilla tasted abundantly (and, very nearly, overwhelmingly) sweet -- definitely save this roll for last, as it will serve as a de facto dessert. Meanwhile, the Spartan was the embodiment of umami, hitting savory notes from every angle with the tenderloin, tempura, and paprika-infused aioli. Finally (and probably my favorite item of the night), the Krakken featured the most complete flavor profile, from the subtle sweetness of cherry, to the savory saltiness of the crispy of soft-shelled crab, to the piquancy of the Worchester-based cream sauce.

At a hair over $100 (after tax and tip), dinner at Umai Umai may prove to be pricier than the average neighborhood sushi joint. But the experience was decidedly positive in nearly all regards. As a self-proclaimed sushi-traditionalist, I walked into Umai Umai as a skeptic. Yet, I left a believer. The specialty items felt creative rather than gimmicky. Our table neighbors were raving about the Scallop Carpaccio they ordered -- I may have to swing by again to give that a try, sooner rather than later.
We usually come here every year 
But this time omg Are you kidding me?? 
we Came here on 08/07/21 and 
I don't know what happens to this place 
New owner or what !?? 
The foods was not good AT ALL 
We ordered oysters shooters,sashimi bowls,another sashimi , and 4 more rolls 
They were very very very tiny also 
The sashimi cut very THIN . 
All the dish were smaller if you compare to another picture that I have a couple year ago 
definitely gonna be last time for me and my husband. Bye bye Umai Umai . 
Very disappointed!!!
This sushi spot blows all other out of the water in my book!

This is a lovely small neighborhood spot that is dimly lit, perfect for date night, or brother-sister dinner, or bachelorette pre party sushi (all going on during my visit!). Really a casual spot for whatever you want it to be. Make a reservation to maximize your enjoyment, however, because this spot fills up quickly. 

First, pick a bunch of stuff to order. Don't forget the appetizers. Everyone around us seemed to be eating the oyster shooters, but we opted for the tuna bibim. This was awesome and I wish I had a whole bowl of it all to myself. It was essentially bibimbap with raw tuna seared on the sides of the sizzling hot bowl, mixed together table side. 

All I could do while waiting for our sushi to come out was stare in awe/drool over the rest of the restaurant's food. The sushi is prepared flawlessly and just looks beautiful. As far as the fish-it is melt in your mouth perfection. Also, do not leave without eating one of the designer rolls! These are by far the best designer rolls I've ever had. They are creative, well crafted and just downright delicious. We loved the spirited away.

Best perk of the whole deal: BYO. Of course.
Quiet corner location in Fairmount  perfect for a byob ladies night or impromptu date.  Sushi was fresh, artfully rolled and plate, Miso soup full of tofu and arrived piping hot.  We started with the grilled octopus....the flavor was perfect! Good octopus is hard to find, but umai umai nailed it. We had a long day so passed on dessert but I'll definitely be back.
Updated Review: We finally got the oyster shooters and they are THE BEST Oyster Shooters in the area!! It is so flavorful and amazing. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! 

We also tried the scallop carpaccio and crispy calamari salad this time, and they were both amazing. The flavor gets more flavorful as you bite into them!

As always, the waiter and waitress were so friendly and nice.

Definitely going to save this place as my go-to!!
One of the best places to get rolls! All of the designer rolls were SO good. The waiters & waitresses are amazing and so friendly. It is a bit dark inside and kind of hard to take pictures of the food, but definitely puts a good date night ambiance. It is also BYOB! I highly recommend the grilled octopus as a starter! Miso and udon were big portions and very yummy as well. 

They reopned about 2 weeks ago so they did not have dessert and oyster shooters when I went (3/31), but I would love to come back in a couple of weeks for those!
I've heard alot recently about this BYO sushi place and was excited to give it a try. I don't consider myself a "sushi snob", but i do appreciate great sushi, recognize the chefs efforts to both stand out and do something creative while respecting the traditional methods and methods.  At the very least, I expect it to taste better than the prepackaged trays at the local supermarket...

I've been told if you can't say anythibg nice, to not say anything at all....but I feel its my responsibility to speak up and warn other diners so they don't waste a night out at this disaster!

The sushi sucks.  No other way around it.  Rice isnt flavore right, its serve cold, tastes too starchy and the fish was cut wrong leaving silvery fat lines through the pieces of fish.  Oysters were overpowered hy mediocre sauces, rolls were loosly formed and falling apart.  Sushi pieces were formed like long logs and too long to actually fit in your mouth.

Its rare I say I'd rather eat supermarket sushi but i'd rather eat day old leftover supermarket sushi than eat here
The sushi here was fresh, delicious, and inventive.

The customers were really nice- neighborhood folks- all locals- super chill.  Thanks to the next table who let us check out their sushi before we ordered.

We got the Godzilla, King Kong, and Ping Pong rolls.  I like the fact that  you can order some rolls that have cucumber wraps with no rice- lighter choice for summer.  Potato crunch in one of the rolls made a great textural change.
Dined here 4/3/2010.  Went in for a late dinner and found the restaurant nice and quiet.  Took advantage of the BYO option.  Decor is nice.  Staff is extremely pleasant and helpful.  As a sushi novice I was excited to try new things. Luckily I was with a self described "hardcore" sushi enthusiast.  The sashimi was excellent!  The house special of the evening was needlefish and it was outstanding!!  The oyster shooters were mouth watering and the uni was fun and delicious.  All in all a great night at a great local establishment.  I would definitely come back and recommend to other.
I'm a huge fan of any restaurant I can walk to, and the options are fairly limited in Fairmount. Thankfully, Umai Umai is one of a few great sushi places in the area.

After the New Year I decided to start eating healthy, and me and the boyfriend decided to go for a sushi date. Umai Umai is BYO and is decorated very nicely. Cozy booths and dim lighting. 

To start we both got miso soup, which was one of the best I've had. I generally accept that miso soup is nothing special, just a hot soup to start the meal. However, this miso soup was very flavorful and something to come back to. Next we split the King Kong roll, since I was trying to stay away from anything fried. The roll was a rendition of the popular rainbow roll, with fresh fish, avocado, and cucumber. It was fresh and delicious. For our main we split the Chorashi, an assortment of sashimi, plus an order of a la carte Uni (which I've been dying to try). While not for everyone, I love sashimi, and the assortment that was brought to us was beautiful and delicious. It was served on a bed of seasoned rice, and I didn't find any fish I didn't like. Unlike most sushi restaurants that cut their sashimi thick, this fish was cut super thin and melted in your mouth.

I left feeling great, even though my boyfriend was still a bit hungry. We both agreed it was a great meal, and that we'd be back in the future.

Tip: the prices seem expensive for sushi, but the portions are larger than normal. The King Kong roll came with either 10 or 12 pieces (can't remember exactly, but more substantial than any roll I've seen elsewhere), and the Chorashi came with 3 slices of every fish imaginable. While definitely on the expensive side, it is worth it for the freshness you get.
Oh man, am I glad I found this neighborhood gem! 
Not only are the people so sweet, but the food is top notch!
Every roll I tried was incredible:
The Spartan - sirloin beef in a roll?? Sign me up!
The Eternal Sunshine - a suggestion from the staff and probably the weirdest combination I've ever tried, blew my mind!
Even rolls as simple as the California or the Spicy Yellow tail were great. 
Overall this place is awesome and I'm so glad it's close to home!
A romantic little restaurant tucked away in the corner of the Art Museum District. The restaurant is cozy, with great service. The service, presentation and food was excellent.

The designer rolls alone are definitely worth checking out, the Godzilla roll in particular could take down tall buildings. The other rolls were good, but I found myself dipping them in the Godzilla Roll sauce, strawberries and macadamia nuts, umai umai... 

The dining experience included the tapas (for 2) appetizer which included chicken spring rolls, gyoza, edamame, and shrimp shumai. The rolls dined on were Spicy Tuna, California Snow Crab and the Godzilla. After some wine the meal was topped off with a Banana spring roll, which has vanilla ice cream and sat on a bed of red bean. 

A great, but pricy ($$$) BYO. 

Umai Umai has found it way into my top 3 sushi restaurants in Philly.
When it comes to sushi in the city, there are tons of options, but no one with the consistent deliciousness and truly inspirational rolls that this spot has. I'm a suburban sushi girl (Blue Fin all the way!!) but even they haven't come up with some inspirational rolls like the Godzilla and the Enternal Sunshine roll. 

Be sure, these rolls are expensive, but the most you need are 2 specialty rolls and a regular (but delicious) spicey crunky tuna :-)
I love quaint little sushi places like this; the ambiance really reminds me of a little place in Japan! It's small but cozy and if you're lucky you'll get a seat right at the sushi bar and watch the magic happen. It's BYOB which is a huge plus. Definitely recommend a reservation since it's quite small.

We started with the oyster shooters, WHICH ARE EXQUISITE. i could honestly eat 100 of them, they're presented beautifully but the umami flavor is on point!

The hot rock filet is good but i wish there was more meat but for the price it makes sense. Udon was good but broth to noodle ratio, we need more noods!

THE ROLLS:
Henrietta is definitely recommended and the spicy salmon was so fresh I was a huge fan. 

I can't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu! Service was great as well!
I won't return here unless I hit the lottery.

The inside is very nice. I was dressed somewhat casually and felt underdressed. This is more of a dress-up kind of place

The portions are SMALL.
It is not cheap.
The waitstaff is kind and attentive.
It is BYO, which is nice, but it doesn't make up for how expensive it is.

We left still feeling hungry after a shared appetizer and two rolls to ourselves, to the point of eating again after we left.

The rolls were good but not worth the price. There are certainly better places in the neighborhood, but if you are rolling in dough and are itching to dress up and have a fancy experience out on the town, this place will suffice.

FYI, we brought vodka and got looks. Everyone else had sake.
Umai Umai is our favorite sushi place. Hands-down. The chef worked for Morimoto and you can tell in the preparation and presentation.  Everything is delicious and FRESH here.  They recently renovated the interior with cool and soothing paint colors and rearranged some of their tables.  It looks great.  Even though it is a small and cozy place, you don't feel like you are on top of the people next to you. 

We love their rolls especially the Traffic Light roll.  It is separated into three sections with red, yellow, and green on top that give it a burst of flavor.   The Godzilla roll is awesome with strawberry in it! I was hesitant to try it because I typically do not like my sushi rolls with fruit or loaded with items.  But this was awesome!  We usually order the edamame even though it is not on the menu to start.  We have had their carpaccio starters as well which are always full of flavor and excellent.  

Their classic rolls are good too. I like how the spicy tuna roll is not mashed up tuna mixed with spicy sauce.  It is actual pieces of tuna with a hint of the spicy sauce.   

BYO!  And they accept credit cards including Discover.  Their prices are very reasonable.

We have recommended Umai Umai to others who have raved about the sushi as well.
Best Sushi is Philadelphia.. Hands down.  This is a small sushi restaraunt located in the fairmont area.  I love the fact that is located out there, because you can actually find street parking around it.  It is a small intimate place, so don't expect some large sushi restaurant.  It is a dimly lit place and perfect for a date!  

We initially started with the edamame, which was fairly standard.  We seem to like edamame in general as an appetizer prior to sushi, so it is something I would get again.  We then jumped into the sushi.  The specialty rolls are actually really good... and kind of expensive.  You do get a fairly large roll - usually around 5-6 rolls.  Like everybody else says on here.. get the Godzilla roll.  It is really really good.   They are worth it.  The specialty rolls are creative and different. The other rolls are very tasty as well.  What I really love about this place, is that everything tastes so fresh!

Great restaurant.. I will be back.  This is a BYOB.  Make sure to get reservations since it is busy.
This place is EXPENSIVE, period.  I've been going to Sagami in Collingswood for years and would take that restaurant, with its HUGE pieces of sushi, over Umai any day.
