The most relaxing tiny bookshop café ever. The book collection is fantastic, and they also carry some fantastic stuff. This was my third visit, and the barista was really pleasant and kind. 

They have a wonderful selection of lattes, including one named "Kobe"! I wish I lived in the area so I could make it my regular hangout, but I'll definitely be back. The atmosphere is fantastic. There is a decent assortment of literature for all ages. In my view, this is one of the most friendly spaces in Philadelphia! 

The size of the space isn't awful, but I wish it were bigger for one reason: so that more people could experience the positive mood and inspiring atmosphere.
I've only been here once, but I had a great time studying here and would most definitely come back again. The drinks here are good, the vibe is nice, there's okay Wi-fi, good amount of seats (but gets crowded), and good music. Music is a bit on the louder side, so not as good for working, but doable and a nice place to chat with friends. As for the drinks, I got the Chai, which was on the sweeter side and would ask for less sweet next time. It's nice that they offer Almond and Oat Milk for only an additional $0.50, compared to some places that charge $1.00. My friends got the Iced Latte and the Mocha. The Mocha tasted great like a rich chocolate; perfect for those who need some caffeine but don't like the taste of too much coffee. 

Parking: only metered street parking, but there's plenty!
It's all the great things people say it is, but what happens when a business is sooo popular you can barely fit in?  Uhh

I will definitely stop in for a coffee if I'm in the area to support, my mocha was delicious; but I don't think I could stay/chill/ read/ relax because of the overcrowding.

Hopefully, this demand will lead to a bigger building in the near future.
We drove down from the suburbs to check out a new bookstore and support a black-owned business. Uncle Bobbie's Coffee & Books made it a trip worth our while! This cozy gem doesn't jump out at you from the street, but it's definitely warm and inviting on the inside. The staff is friendly. The patrons all seemed happy and content. It snowed early in the morning on the day we went, so we were a little surprised to see a full house.

We got an Americano and a hot chocolate, both were delicious and just the warm treat we needed on a frigid, snowy day. It's obvious that there was much thought put into the quality of ingredients used in the cafe! 

The selection of books was diverse and there was something that appealed to every age. My 5 year old enjoyed many of the books in the children's section, especially The Day the Crayons Quit but Drew Daywalt and Oliver Jeffers. 

I will be back and I've already recommended Uncle Bobbie's Coffee & Books to others.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was friendly even though it was crowded. I had my 5 yr old with me and he was playing a math game and one of the male patrons started helping him he seemed to be maybe a teacher the way he was breaking it down to him. I ordered a Banana latte they were out of Almond milk and i cant drink whole milk so i opted for Soy. The drink was amazing but I know now soy doesn't agree with me lol. 

I ordered a veggie sandwich which was grilled on the panini press honey best veggie sandwich hands down in philly that I have had. Now lets get to the never ending sea of black books it was amazing and the kid section omg listen im here for Uncle bobbies being my one and only coffee shop
I'm truly indeed in love with Uncle Bobbie's coffee and books. I'm also thankful and grateful for the owner's creativity to put such a vision of an African American bookstore to fruition!

Uncle Bobbie's gives me a love jones kind of vibe, mainly because they had the jazz and r and b music in the background. Uncle Bobbie's offers a great selection of books, some to name are fiction, non fiction, romance and children's books. They have furniture and a bar like setting for your desktop computers. They also have tables where you can sit and chat with friends and family. 

So far I visted Uncle Bobbie's twice, the first time I came to meet up with a friend and the second was with my aunt.The first time I visted and ordered a latte. I didn't even know if I liked a latte, but since I was vibing in the book store, I figured why not soak up the moment. My latte was delicious and from the beautiful heart crafted in the drink, tells me it was made with love! They also offer sandwiches and baked goods.

Overall Uncle Bobbie's attracts everyone from all walks of life, from the educator to the college student and just the overall person in the neighborhood, come check out Uncle Bobbie's. I promise you would want to come back!
Uncle Bobbie's has the coffee shop/book store vibe where conversation, contemplation, work or chill happens. I really like the selection of books they have by many authors of color; especially the children's books with beautiful illustrations. There is clearly a message or statement being made at Uncle Bobbie's that I really appreciate. 

It is narrow and can be a bit tight if it's crowded. I'm not a coffee drinker, so I can't speak on that, but the brew smelled fresh and strong for you coffee lovers. There's seating throughout but can be limited if there's a lot of traffic.
Yes it lives up to the hype! I'm so glad I drove from the burbs to see for myself. I enjoyed everything about this place. When I walk in boom the book I came to purchase. Much to my delight it was a remaining signed copy from an event with the author a few days before. Yay!!

The ambiance is nouveau nerd and I love it. Plenty of books for children and adults. If they don't have it they will order it. The staff is friendly and helpful. The owner and my BLACK MAN HERO was here. Boy if I were 20 years younger! Well enough about me. 

I'm a little cautious when it comes to pre wrapped or prepared food but I went in after reading the reviews. Well I had just about the best chicken flatbread panini EVER! It was filled with chicken, greens, cheese, flavor and it was grilled to perfection. The cook/cashier/inventory clerk did a great job making the sandwich as well as answering questions about the books and stock. 

At times it became crowded but that's a good thing. The staff navigated well through it all. There is also very nice cashier who was bubbly and helpful.

You will love the seating options as they are laid back, very casual but clean. The problem? Time to expand which is a good thing!
I visited during the summer to grab a bite since I was in the area for an obligation.  My sister really recommended that we check it out since her old professor owned the establishment.  It is located in the Germantown  neighborhood which has a nice family/city vibe during my visit.

Once I entered I was greeted by the nice staff.  I got in line to order and noticed that there establishment was filled with folks eating, drinking, reading, studying and working at the plenty tables and seats throughout.  It looked small from the outside but there were plenty of places to sit and do your thing.  There are plenty of books to select from as well.  Since it was a quick stop in, I got a sandwich and a drink to go.

Next time I plan to read, relax, get work done, and etc. I look forward to coming back for the experience.
Loved the coffee.  Loved the atmosphere. Visited twice and had good experiences.  However, the 3rd time, I found the young staff to be rude and inattentive.   My sandwich "to go" was handed to me while the young man was looking the other way.  Had I not reached out and taken, he surely would have dropped it.  I felt like I was an annoyance to him and a young lady who worked there.
Come onnnnnnnn. This place is everything!

It's the tiniest most comfortable coffee shop in the middle of the hood.  OWNED BY A BLACK MAN. YES PLEASE THANK YOU. 

honestly though it's more about the feeling here. Coffee is fine. Food is fine. But it's a coffee and bookshop. So many amazing woke books. Comfortable couches. First time I went I ended up having a great conversation with strangers just because of sheer proximity. 

They do so many talk backs and things for the community. It's amazing. They are active on their IG so you know what's going on. I really do love it there. 

Please check it out
This place is great! I've been here several times over the past year and I have NEVER been disappointed with the service, goods or food I have received. The staff is always pleasant, music is always good, and the mocha always gives me just what I'm looking for! They even host community events to support the community from mental health, to good old movies and entertainment for the kids on Tuesdays. Love this place!

Super disappointed to see reviews from two individuals just less than a week ago, that was directly connected to how this person felt about the owner and their other ventures via CNN. Not their actual experience at the establishment. It's unfortunate that people with such a minuscule POV have so much time in their hands. I have reported those reviews to have them removed. Hopefully,  Yelp will delete the ratings.
Love, love, loveeeeeee this place! I found this gem on the EatOkra App; I really wanted a cute, black owned coffee shop and I stumbled upon this place. I found out that they unfortunately were vanadalized at the height of the protest and thus; the community responded back with an overwhelming amount of support.
When I got there, there was a line around the corner but I was willing to wait and I'm glad I did.
My husband and I got a caramel macchiato with oat milk and babyyyyyyy we agreed this was the best coffee we ever had (and we've tried several).
I loved that they had an array of books with black and brown people on them; representation definitely matters!
If I'm being picky, I'll take off a 1/2 star because when I took the lid off of my coffee I saw that 1/4 of coffee or foam was missing (see photo)- can I get a full cup please ?! 
Though I came from far (NY), if I'm ever in the area, I'll definitely stop by here.
A cute coffeehouse that also has books. They have a reading area for kids and a room in the back with a window seat and space for a small group to meet.
Black owned and operated coffee shop and book store located in the heart of the Germantown section of Philadelphia. Eclectic atmosphere provides stimulating conversation with today's forefront thinking intellectuals. The menu has an array of both vegan and non vegan choices and the coffee is excellent.  If ever you are in Philly be sure to visit this place, it is time well spent.
I never get uptown when I come to Philly but I made it appoint to check out uncle bobbies it is soooo cute. First packed with poc women children and men studying, reading laughing and eating. Book sections was amazing (our friend spent almost 200 in books). Long story short make the trip, buy a book, drink some coffee and be in love.
I went on a Sunday so it was a little crowded, but don't let that scare you. The staff worked quickly and even made drinks for people while they were waiting in line to pay, so everything moved super fast. I was able to park easily a block down on the street. They have an excellent book selection, and other merchandise (Clothes, mugs, etc). 

FYI I think the sandwiches sell out on the weekend (we were there after the lunch rush and they were gone) but they had plenty of pastries available.
This is my spot when I want to hang out and read or just be. Every time I go there the customer service is great and so is the atmosphere. Always good music and always  positive vibes flowing through the store. I love the children's corner of books and love to read the books to my son! You can definitely come here to work, hang and they have events here as well. Overall, I recommend any and everyone to stop by and I promise you won't be disappointed!
Horrible customer service! Definitely will not be back. The servers were rude and not welcoming at all. This was our first time here. I am such a huge Marc Lamont Hill fan so I was super excited to patronize his establishment. I am so disappointed.
Amazing!! I have been here twice now. First time was an impromptu visit with a friend before we headed to brunch. It was a Sunday morning and it was extremely crowded which is a good sign. I ordered the banana hot chocolate and it was a lot less sweet than I anticipated which was a good thing.

I do wish they would ask for names or give numbers and/or label cups however because someone that ordered after me took my banana hot chocolate before I could get to the counter. I literally watched him grab it and I had to wait for the one that should have been for him. 

During my second visit which was actually planned, my friend and I had a wonderful time. We sat for about 2 hours catching up. I ended up ordering a delicious green tea and the honey mustard chicken sandwich, which both far exceeded my expectations.

Overall I absolutely love the decor and the overall atmosphere. And a good number of the books are also on my must-read list.

Thank you to the owner for your vision to open up this establishment it truly is a gem.
I love this place! I work remote, so I look for different coffee shops to work in and this by far is my favorite. They have vegan options, which I love! The only downfall is that it gets crowded fast and sometimes there is no place to sit. But that's probably because everyone loves it too
I had a banana hot chocolate that was pretty good. The real pull of this bookstore, though, is the great ambiance and vast array of books. I loved the creative touches of vintage (old typewriter, old camera, mason jars), and the comfy seating situated in the front and back rooms. Wish I lived closer, so that this was a neighborhood establishment; it would be such a nice place to meet someone for coffee. I would definitely visit again if I'm in the area.
Marc Lamont Hill's new cafe and bookstore is just what this area needed. Reminds me of Busboys and Poets in DC a bit but it's more book centered where B&P is more food-centered. Uncle Bobbie's has a nice variety of drinks and a few light food options. Great space to read and study or to catch up with a friend over a cup of coffee. The layout is very cozy. It gets a bit crowded on weekends. There is a great selection of books centered around the Black experience on a wide variety of topics both fiction and non-fiction. I got to meet Marc and get a signed copy of his new book. He also owns the space next door where various workshops and community events will be held. I love seeing more Black-owned businesses opening to serve the needs of our community. I definitely plan to support this place.
Pros:
-Unapologetically black
-sweet potato pie
-decor
-Books, books, and more  books
-Service
-Music  Selection

Cons:
- A little on the small side
- Not enough outlets to charge electronics

It was my first time visiting this quaint, cozy, coffee spot.  I really didn't have a need for sweets OR coffee, I just wanted to experience a chill laid back vibe where i could get some work done and opted for this place.  As soon as I entered I was greeted/acknowledged which is BIG in my book. The vibe was cool. I ended up staying there for an hour or so because the wifi was actin up, but I did stay long enough to experience that sweet potato pie which was EVERYTHING!   I did have a bit of trouble locating a spot with access to an outlet, but since I was there for an hour it wasn't a big deal.  The only thing I didn't care for was whenever anybody ordered a panini...the smell/smoke from the sandwich filled up the room and by the time I walked out, I smelled like a panini and I hadn't even ordered one...not sure if this is because the space is so small or the ventilation system in place.  Overall, I would definitely visit this place again. I liked the vibe, service, and that sweet potato pie.
This place was awesome if you are looking for a place to relax, eat lunch, or snack and drink some coffee or tea.  Went here on a Tuesday afternoon after work to read some book, relax, and eat.  I brought my book out, ordered panini and iced coffee. Everything tasted great.  The staff was very friendly.  We started chatting about the book I was reading.  The place was busy but the staff kept up with the demand.
Awesome place to meet up with friends, have a get together or just to study/get some work done.  Great atmosphere with beverages and food to nosh on.  Love the people the merchandise, location and the comfortable ambiance.  Nice vybe and free wi-fi with purchase.   What else do you need!   Definite recommend!  My only complaint is that there isn't one in South Philly!!! (HINT HINT)   But worth the trip when able!!
This is a GREAT bookstore and cafe!

A nice, quiet, intellectual spot in the heart of Germantown.  I drove from Delco just to come to this Black-Owned establishment to support it, and I wasn't disappointed.  

The book selection has a wide variety, and I love it.  I was able to buy books for my 15 Year Old son, that will uplift him and his consciousness, and I can't wait for him to start reading them!

Please go check them out!
I'd been wanting to go but because it's not in my neighborhood I thought I'd never make it. Well, thankfully I was off from work and in the area and was so excited to give this spot a play. I love the quaint but busy pace of the place. The layout is excellent and provides a nice variety of options for customers to work, chill, people watch &/or find a good read. I like how the counter is situated at the front, it's out of the way of people working and easily accessible for those who may just be stopping in for a quick bite/drink. I didn't get to check out the back room but from the sound of it it seems like a nice, comfy living room type of vibe. There are multiple seating options throughout to fit every mood (counter seating, high top window seats, awesome high wingback chairs, tables for two, seating for one, sofas for small groups).

I was a little hungry (when am I not, really) so I tried the egg white sandwich with a cup of hot chocolate. I'm a foodie so I was hoping for something freshly made, but the sandwich was pretty good.

I am a cafe lover, esp when I need to get work done. While I do not live in nor frequent the area often, I could see me taking the drive up here when I have the time. Uncle Bobbie's provides an atmosphere of comfort, relaxation, and a small escape in the midst of the hustle & bustle of the city. It's almost perfection! Plus, the idea of supporting a local black business is really all the excuse I need ;-)
I need to get back so I can soak more of this place in! I wish I lived a little closer but I am willing to make the drive from the burbs for this store. 

I went here with my friend and her son on a snowy Saturday afternoon. It was surprisingly crowded but the crowd was good. There was plenty of space for everyone to sit and chill, read or do whatever. 

We ordered a couple of drinks from the cafe and enjoyed them. The staff working was friendly and we found two books to purchase and take home. 

I hope to get back and enjoy the space for a little more time, check out some more books and of course the coffee drinks.
It's great bc you can order coffee, use WiFi & not get arrested. Support the locals y'all!!
This is hands down, one of my favorite coffee shops in Philly when I come and visit.

The coffee is good, the workers are great, the book collection is amazing, and the environment is positive. 

There's a big "living room/home" vibe with lots of tables and couches to work or just talk with someone. 

For drinks, I had the latte special (iced victory lap) and then and iced hibiscus tea. Both were delicious. 

They also sell merch! So definitely come to do work but also support them by purchasing a book and a hoodie, shirt, or bag.
great vibes, & great food. my one friend and i used to sit and lounge here before covid & there was always great people to talk to and the staff is super friendly!
In a beautifully historic portion of the city Uncle Bobbies is the perfect spot to have some food, coffee, a conversation, a meeting or pick up a book and relax. People talk a lot about vibes and Uncle Bobbies is a complete vibe. To be able to come to a place and see people (especially black people) be in a educational space is powerful. They host and promote a lot events  around the area so there's always a people in and out. If you support or want to black owned business be sure to check out this spot.
If you want to relax, this is the place for you. I'm not sure how anyone can say anything bad about this place. It is the perfect environment to chill out and grab a cup of coffee. I always get the Hummus and Veggie sandwich, which they put on the panini press. Warm lighting, jazz music, comfortable seating and vintage furniture. Not to mention, there is always lots of street parking and they are open late.
I stopped in there two weeks after finding out about this place online and instantly fell in love! The atmosphere is delightful and the book choices are endless. I love the fact that they also have suggestions online for people like myself that want to get back into reading and get into reading non fiction since most of the books I gravitate to are fiction. The staff is very helpful as well. I will definitely be returning soon!
One of the most beautiful additions to Germantown! It's a warm and cozy safe haven especially for made for black people. FUBU! Period! I love Bobbies dearly. My only complaint is it gets crowded and it's a bit small but it still works. The staff is wonderful and the food is yummy for a quick bit. Chicken panini is a def go to!
Finally, gave this place a try, and after seeing how good the reviews are, I just don't get it at all. Especially, the 4.8 rating it has on Yelp which is why I had to try it. 

The coffee was not good. We actually threw it out on the way home and stopped at a gas station. The Turkey Sausage-Egg-Cheese Sandwich was about as good as the coffee, unfortunately.

So, I I think its safe to say, the 4.8 rating comes from the vibe: Hate Trump. If you hate Trump this place is 5.0.

If you go there for sausage/egg and cheese sandwich and coffee, its in reality, 2.0. Its really mediocre food.

So if you hate Trump this is the place for you. If you're looking to stage a late night protest this is the place to go. If you're looking for people with the same exact opinions in the entire coffee shop. You found your spot. I just can't imagine any deep conversations occurring with everyone who thinks the same way as the person sitting next to them. If you're looking for that. This is your spot. You will love it. 

If you're going for food/coffee which we did it's below avg. Really nice place though. But I dont need restaurants pushing their politics on me. I was just looking for quality food/drink. And it missed.
It's a whole vibe. Everything is great, the food, the service the drinks and the books. Every time I walk through thee door I  feel relaxed I can't explain it. Just go
Stopped by this place after having an early dinner in Manayunk with a friend. What a pleasant surprise! I knew nothing of the place, just checked it out on yelp and decided to peak in for a pick me up cup of coffee and to my surprise I walked into one of the most remarkable coffee shop/bookstore ever. Lets talk about the book selections, a variety of fiction to non-fiction, adult to children books related to African American culture. This is no ordinary coffee shop, its empowering people of color, it empowers the minority. I just absolutely love it and I've never experienced anything quite like it. The experience feels cozy, unpretentious, and extraordinary. Blah blah blah... Thuy I'm here for the coffee.. well it just happens to be one of the best cup of latte I've had in awhile. Beautifully crafted, not too sweet, just right amount of cream. They also offer a variety of light sandwiches which I intend to try next time I visit. I live over an hour from here but I plan on being a patron of this establishment whenever I'm in town. Please check this gem out!
Lovely place in a great neighborhood and it's black-own and largely black-operated with a diverse crowd patronizing. I love it. It's a great coffee shop, on a cool corner, and very bright. I also really love the bookstore aspect of the store. I couldn't resist buying two books for my kids, a two- and five-year-old. Great great stuff.
Studying for my Board's, so I was looking for a local coffee shop to become my regular study spot. It's a shame. I really wanted to like this place. The decor is great and I love the feel of the place... It's like being in the comfort of your loving room. And the latte was okay. But to this new person walking through the door, the staff came across as completely disinterested. Didn't bother pointing out the menu, which is above and behind you once you're at the counter. Saw me still standing at the counter and placed the drink on the other side of the counter. And didn't bother pointing out where anything was...apparently l was supposed to figure out where the tops to the cups were on my own. And it was seriously overcrowded. So I took my latte to the workspace City Fitness. Oh well...
I love to support any coffee shop that isn't Starbucks. Uncle Bobbie's is a gem in Germantown. The coffee is good, it is always full. The books just add to the ambiance. I'll be going back.
Sometimes places with a "mission" forget to nail down the basics, but Uncle Bobbie's is an exception. Mission-wise, this black-owned and operated coffee shop is clearly serious about being a hub and a home for the community in this Germantown neighborhood. Shelves are stocked w/ books on black thought, culture, and history (including a great children's section) and seating invites people to meet, chat, read or work. I hear local entrepreneurs and activists planning at the tables around me (but also families with kids and students on laptops). But - the coffee is also on point. Best latté I've had anywhere lately. At least one of the managers spent time in the La Colombe organization and he was leading staff espresso tastings as a training exercise the first day I came in. They really care about that part of what they do. Result is a beautiful place to spend time, drink something delicious, work or think.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was friendly even though it was crowded. I had my 5 yr old with me and he was playing a math game and one of the male patrons started helping him he seemed to be maybe a teacher the way he was breaking it down to him. I ordered a Banana latte they were out of Almond milk and i cant drink whole milk so i opted for Soy. The drink was amazing but I know now soy doesn't agree with me lol. 

I ordered a veggie sandwich which was grilled on the panini press honey best veggie sandwich hands down in philly that I have had. Now lets get to the never ending sea of black books it was amazing and the kid section omg listen im here for Uncle bobbies being my one and only coffee shop.
Finally got here and it's everything my friends have shared about and more! Fantastic vibe,  excellent coffee (got a cortado and they have almond milk which is a plus for this vegan!) and an incredible diverse selection of books.  It was 2pm on a Monday and the place was packed.  That says it all.  Looking forward to bringing a friend here this week!
Great coffee shop!  Their sandwiches are very good and the overall ambience is infectious. Great books and a wonderful corner for the kiddies.
What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!

From the delicious coffee, pastries and sandwiches, to the curated spread of books, knowledge, and stories, Uncle Bobbie's is truly a gem of a place. In a world where most coffee shops are now designed with tables and chairs for laptops and working, it's refreshing and uplifting to have a place with sofas, comfy chairs, and community spaces where people can come together to connect as humans, share knowledge and wisdom, and tell stories--and maybe even learn new things!

The energy in the place was wonderful, and the mission of the ownership is truly admirable, and fully reflected in the details and experience of the space. Great to see a local black-owned business already thriving. It was packed when I was there!

Whether you want to work, meet, read, or organize, Uncle Bobbie's will surely become your go-to space for community, intellect, and of course, coffee and books.
Still love this place.  Great meet up place for discussions, school/work, etc.    I wish it was bigger though...everyone loves this place and often have to wait on a seat.  Definitely still patronize though.  Please make sure you support!
I love this spot for many reasons and I visit often. Here are all the reasons (not in order of importance). 

1. It's Black owned. The owner is actually there pretty often and talks to customers. 
2. It's super cute and comfy inside with a lot of seating 
3. The coffee is good and so are the pastries...The soups are also great!
4. They play Black music (R&B, rap, soul)
5. It's also a bookstore! They have wonderful book selections.
6. They have many community events. 

Just FYI: They are legit almost always packed. I've been on weekends and weekdays in the middle of the day, late mornings, and evenings. So, don't be surprised if you have to share a couch seat instead of a prized countertop seat.
Despite the place being packed, the owner and staff were relaxed, welcoming and efficient. The coffees and chais are wonderful. The food, fresh and well-prepared. The atmosphere is definitely the draw. Cozy, bright, hip. This Black-owned business amplifies the Black voice through its books and speaker bookings. I went to listen and learn, and the experience still resonates a week later.
What an excellent business for the neighborhood somewhere to relax talk concentrate read and socialize with mature crowd I'm glad this book store was opened..
I rate the shop itself 5 . Been there twice. The first time was super pleasant, the staff were helpful, friendly and fun. The atmosphere was comfy cool. I stayed and chatted it up w a sister friend for a couple of hours. 

Unfortunately, my second experience was horrible and I didn't stay. I was told the person who had to do w this was the manager, and if this is indeed true... well, I think he needs management 101 and I give him a 1 . You want to accommodate your customers, make them feel welcomed, and know when to stay out of the way. There was a tall caucasian man blonde hair glasses behind the counter who was not very pleasant to me from the moment I walked in the door. Then proceeded to, as I spoke some words to a friend make an announcement load enough for the entire shop to hear that if I had an issue w him I could say it to him to his face not behind his back. Then go on to say "cause I hv ears I can hear". 

Needless to say I took the most wonderful vanilla chai tea I've ever had, my croissant that I didn't hv a chance to touch, packed up my things and left. And unfortunately will not be back. 

I'm happy that so many people have fallen in love with This fabulous place though and are supporting a black owned business. I would love to continue to do the same but I don't do rudeness. I've been in food and bev for 22 years and this I do not stand for and will never give.  Peace and blessings to all.
Man!!! I love this place soooooo much!!! One of the dopest cafes I've ever been to! They have great ambiance, books, and sweet potato pie!! (Better than Pattie's and probably some of your grandmas and aunties lol). The apparel is awesome too! I will not cheat on Uncle Bobbie's with any other coffee shop if I have a choice. Thank you all so much for creating a great place to relax and enjoy great coffee!
Stopped in for a quick lunch on a weekday. The baristas were friendly and answered all of my questions and made a great suggestion. My latte was great and my sandwich was pressed to perfection. Plenty of books to peruse while you waiting. It was quite busy, but I was able to grab a seat by the window. I appreciate having a small locally owned coffeeshop in the neighborhood.
When they said "cool people, dope books, great coffee?" Yeah, they weren't lying. That's the review! What more do you need!
Gotta love Uncle Bobbie's! Great quality coffee and chill diverse atmosphere. Unfortunately at this time no food is being served nor are they allowing inside seating but once life is considered "normal" again definitely stop by for a visit. They have really cool merch and books for sale. My favorite is the unapologetically black sections!
Progressive books, quiet discussions, adequate coffee, and many places to lounge.  Positive vibes and good energy.  Cool lil merchandise as well; def stop by!
The first thing that caught my eye when I entered Uncle Bobbies was a tiny shelf with a small selection of books. Mind you, I went to Uncle Bobbies with the sole purpose of 1, seeing what all the hype was about, 2, enjoying a latte and 3, to purchase a book or two. Surely you can understand my disappointment when I saw what I thought was Uncle Bobbie's book selection. The cashier took my order and I was ushered to the side to wait for it. Instead of waiting, I walked to the back of the shop and it was as if the heavens opened before me!  There were books on top of books on top of great books! My inner bookworm started to do back flips! I was so excited. After retrieving my latte from the counter, I perused the book shelf, picked up "Assata" and found a spot on a comfy couch. For the next hour, I sipped and read while occasionally people watched. Uncle Bobbie's customers are just as diverse as its books selection. 

Now onto my review...

Uncle Bobbie's offers a diverse selection of books by African American authors, including children books, which is a major plus! Uncle Bobbie's is not the only bookstore in Philadelphia specializing in books by African American authors, but it offers something that the others don't...ambiance- a cozy, relaxing atmosphere! The front of the shop, decorated with a comfy couch and high back arm chairs looks more like a living room than a coffee shop. It makes sense that this black-owned business is perfectly nestled in the heart of Germantown. Great location and plenty of free street parking! I had been putting off visiting Uncle Bobbie's because I heard of how crowded it gets. I wanted to wait until the hype wore down. Not sure if the hype is over, but I went on a Saturday afternoon and although it was crowded, seats were available. My only dislike was the music playing in the background; it was a little too loud when you are trying to read, write or hold a conversation. 

The menu selection and the prices are the typical coffee shop selections/prices.  I live in South Jersey so I can't visit Uncle Bobbie's as much as I would like to, but when I am in the area again, I will be sure to check in on Uncle Bobbie's !
Every time I visit Philly, I MUST go to Uncle Bobbie's. The whole vibe of this coffee shop is bomb. Located in Germantown, it's a great place to study, have a nice low key date, or even take the kids for story time. On this particular visit, I got a coconut latte, a copy of Flyy Girl by Omar Tyree, and some Nag Champa incense. Both baristas were super nice and helpful. Prices are good, comparable to a Starbucks or Dunkin. I love that they offer community events and the selection of books is amazing. I really wish I lived closer to this gem . I'd go every single week.
Some real good coffee, nice folks, and a pretty great selection of books that you're not gonna find in other places. Make a point to visit
I make sure to stop by Uncle Bobby's every time I'm in Philly. It's got a superb collection of books by people of color and a wonderful mix of both fiction and nonfiction. The cafe is delicious and the whole place is cozy and creative. I never walk out of there with less then four books.
We had the pleasure of making our first trip here after their 3yr celebration! It's a charming yet spacious location! The book selections were right on spot for what we were looking for. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. Oh & the drinks! The Chai Latte and Chadwick signature drink were delicious! Make sure to stop in and visit them!
Boy is this place popular! It's so refreshing to have a black owned bookstore in our city that's also a pillar of the community. The book selection is great, they have cafe fare, and they regularly host events. I mean it's just the perfect little spot to come get some work done or to meet a friend for a chat. Just get there early to snag a seat because they go fairly quick. I don't drink coffee but they have an ok selection of teas and so far I've tried about half and they all have been good. Uncle Bobbie's is also a visually stimulating space. They did a really great job on decor and making this space modern but still cozy. The staff is always friendly and I've never felt out of place. I can safely say they have a lifelong customer.
