Really dig the vibe here at United by Blue.

Thoroughly enjoyed a red-eye coffee and breakfast sandwich. I had a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a sesame bagel. A small splurge well worth the extra carbs.

Cool flagship store in the heart of Olde City. Warm and welcoming staff as well.

Nice to see a company that is trying to make a difference in the world and our oceans. 

UBB removes a pound of trash for every product sold so if my coffee and sandwich count that's 2 pounds from me yay!
I like this idea of mixing a clothing store and a coffee shop. This new location is much bigger and nicer than the old location. I was able to shop their Black Friday sale comfortably and then sit down and relax with tasty cup of hot chocolate before heading to the next spot for Black Friday shopping. Clothing wise, they have a nice selection of outdoorsy type clothing. That's the best word to describe it, even though that's probably not a word. The clothes do seem pricey since it's not an established name brand, so I do shop during sales both in store and online. Besides coffee, tea, and hot chocolate, they serve pastries, the star of which is a cream stuffed donut which is the best cream donut I've had in Philly.

United By Blue pledges to remove a pound of trash from the earth's oceans and waterways for every product they sell through company-organized cleanups. This is a Philly based company I hope to be able to support for a long time.
the chai tea is made with a powder mix... i could feel the powder in my mouth with each sip. i paid $5.50 for that shit!!!!
Bleh.  Not really worth going out of your way.  The free "hand pumped" donut is about as bland as pastries get.  The store has some cool, hipster-type products that are locally made and such, but if you just want some coffee or a donut, go someplace else.
Can I just move in already? Everything I have had (from coffee to hot chocolate) has been delicious and beautifully presented. The place is just perfect. The clothes and other items they sell make me wanna cry because I want it ALL. If I could, I would buy up everything and spend all of my free time here. Love everything they do and what they stand for, and service has always been so amazing.
What a great place! Went here for breakfast with some friends and it was fantastic. I ordered their redwood sandwich and an almond milk latte which were both delicious. The latte was so good that I went back to get another. My friends ordered the Philly muffin (like a bagel/English muffin mix) and the build your own breakfast sandwich with egg and bacon. Everything is very reasonably priced and service was quick. The atmosphere is great for studying and they are dog friendly! Definitely come here if you're looking for a fast and delicious inexpensive meal!
Loved this spot in Old City! While we were staying nearby, I came here twice to pick-up coffee and breakfast sandwiches to-go. We ordered ahead on GrubHub both times and it was ready to-go as it said would be. Loved that! It's such a simply joy that our order was ready both times at the exact times with no issues.

I didn't stay and dine-in here, but I loved the open working atmosphere! They are dog-friendly, and it was nice to see some good floofs chilling quietly beneath their owners. United By Blue is part coffee shop, cafe and store. For every product purchased, United by Blue removes one pound of trash from oceans and waterways. I think that's amazing. I love supporting a place with a good cause!

The London Fog from United By Blue was probably one of the best I've ever had. I loved the touch of lavender in it. It gave it such a perfectly sweet flavor. We also ordered The Egg Sandwich, but make no mistake, this is no standard egg sandwich. Served on brioche toast, it also comes with thick bacon, delicious fluffy egg and maybe even a little syrup. Give United By Blue a visit and you will just love it, too!
Chalkboard coffee- you know what I mean.

I disagree about the place having a Portlandia vibe. More of a fixed gear bike, handle bar mustache vibe.
 
Ask for Jenkins, he makes the best latte. 

And Cronuts, although as I stand here the Cronuts are sold out. Darn!

Really beautiful bags- wish I could buy them all.
It's always nice when the shop comments back and is not defensive. FWIW, it was mid afternoon and the end of the day. It might be fresher in the AM, and hence better. If this is the case, maybe a cut off time where the price drops due to freshness is the solution. But for all I know, this just may be the way it is. I'm a spoiled foodie from NYC, so I am often a tough critic.
This place is pretty incredible. Equal parts coffee shop, provider of goods (groceries, tchotchkes, apparel, etc), it's well designed, sustainably-minded, ethically focused, spacious and bright. All those surface level things could b a front, but, they are not skimping on the food and coffee. On my little weekend getaway to Philly, I came here on recommendation, ordered cinnamon roll pancakes...and the bison breakfast cause I was doing a lot of walking. Oh, and a cappuccino. First bite of the cinnamon roll pancakes and I was like oh damn. All thoughts left my head. It was all pancake. Heaven. The bison breakfast was great too, but, my heart, head, and taste buds are still over the moon about that stack. It was also a stellar cappuccino and I didn't need to add anything to it. 

Staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming and food came out super quick. Love this and hope I get a chance to eat here again on another one of my Philly visits.
United by Blue's new flagship location in Old City on Race Street is absolutely beautiful. It's a full scale sustainable clothing retailer and cafe. And they really stepped it up to another level in the new shop.

We went last weekend and you walked through the store section towards the back to order. Once you order you take a number and sit at the ample seating in the back. The whole place is lined floor to ceiling with big wide windows right under the Ben Franklin Bridge.

For food, we got two lattes, a redwood sandwich, and a BYO sandwich (w/bacon, egg, cheese, and tomato) on a croissant. Both were so fresh and absolutely stuffed to the brim!

We shopped around a bit later, and all of their clothes are made responsibly and to last. Everything is an outdoorsy style and super cute. The only real negative is that everything is extremely expensive. Even the food was a bit overpriced. But it's great otherwise, and I will be back a lot!
I'm a big fan of United By Blue's atmosphere, products, coffee, and environmental cause! I often walk through this part of the city, and I have stopped in several times just because I love the vibe. I end up browsing (and sometimes buying) their clothing and accessories, and have gotten coffee a few times.

As far as clothing:
I was lucky to stop in a few months ago when they were having a giant (warehouse, I think) sale, and I picked up three button down shirts, which are of fantastic quality. I recently bought a t-shirt which was on sale - I really didn't mean to buy it, but as soon as I tried it on, I knew it would probably be one of my favorite articles of clothing because of how soft and nice it was... so I went for it and I'm glad I did.

As far as coffee/food:
I've ordered the cortado a few times, and it is quality, delicious coffee. I have become a bit of a coffee snob since moving to the city, and it didn't disappoint! I've also used the yelp check in to get a free hand-pumped donut and most recently, a gingered plum (I think?) scone - both were yum (their deliciousness was probably augmented by the fact that they were free; regardless, a free yummy pastry is a free yummy pastry). 

Staff are usually friendly enough and help when you ask. There's one staff member who I encountered on my visit last week who was super friendly and welcoming (you're why I'm writing this review)! I urge you stop in and enjoy this little shop if you like excellent quality clothing (of a casual/rugged style), and/or the relaxed coffee shop atmosphere.
Brunch for less than $10?! What???

I was initially a little confused about what this place was -- is it a clothing store? Is it a coffee shop? Is it a brunch place? I'm pretty sure it's all 3. 

The drinks are a little pricier than similar coffee shops, but the food is surprisingly cheap. I had a filling and delicious plate of grit cakes with 2 eggs and sausage for $7.85! The rest of the menu seems pretty simple and fairly health conscious, which I appreciate. Most of the breakfast menu is less than $10. 

The mission of the place seems to be very environmentally friendly, which is always nice. The interior is very cool and cafe area is made to look like a cabin. Even if you don't need to use the restroom, I suggest you go anyway because it's super cool!
This was a nice spot for breakfast when I was in town. They had a few outside tables and were being very cautious with COVID around. I enjoyed my wrap very much and they have a clothing store inside as well.
I'm not convinced that mixing clothes & casual coffee house type fare go well together. My boyfriend ordered the Cronut & their stuffed donut. The cronut simply tasted like a glaze donut, nothing to wow me or knock my socks off. 

While he raved about the cream filled donut & hot chocolate, I noted that the store selection was not very extensive and appeared to be over priced. This was indeed an interesting experience,  but not one I must relive.
I've not yet shopped here, but I've been for breakfast a few times. However, I've made a note of the eco-friendly items for sale that I might need later. And I'm interested in the clothing next time I feel like shopping. Plus, they have groceries for delivery if I'm in a pinch.

The menu is trendy. They've got avocado toast, egg whites, grain bowls. But they also have specials like blueberry pancakes. I especially like the potatoes they serve with egg breakfasts. Coffee was really good. 

They open early, too. That's good for folks like me who get up early to walk the dogs before it gets too hot. I can order ahead and pick up something to bring home, or we can sit outside with the dogs after our walk and enjoy food there.
Love the concept and the vibe here!  I found United By Blue during First Friday.  I happened to walk by on my way down the street and decided to check it out.  They had awesome live music, some free drinks, and snacks.

I can tell that the staff and the owners really care about the environment and the local community. I'm hoping to join them on a local clean up soon! 

Did I mention the cronuts? No?! You NEED a cronut immediately! I haven't seen them anywhere else in the neighborhood, so this is my go to when I need my cronut fix. Their pour over coffee is awesome too! They use a local roaster, as if they weren't locally focused enough!

Check this place out! The staff is always helpful and they love to share their mission with their customers. It's nice and cozy if you want to stop by for coffee or a cronut. Help support this local Eco-friendly business!!!
United By Blue moved to its current location in 2018, which really helped this cafe/store step up the game. The new location is bigger, brighter, and fancier, and its kitchen offers a decent menu (e.g. breakfast/brunch items, sandwiches). Its store side is fun to walk around, too. I bought a Klean Kanteen thermo bottle here.

When I lived in Old City, I really enjoy coming here to do some writing. Really like their specialty coffee and professionally made matcha-based drinks. Among all the hipster cafes in Old City, United By Blue's new location still stands out.
This might be the best thing to happen to this little street area in awhile (besides race st cafe) they needed a solid little coffee spot around here...
BYOB, WiFi & high tops to work at and plenty of space...
The matcha lattes are always on point here  I can't wait to get back to actually enjoy a BYOB/breakfast meal here. The staff is super friendly and chill.
Merchandise is a bit pricey but there are great little gift items if you need a hat, keychain, mug etc for last minute gifts. 
Perfect spot to stop by on a weekend morning it's usually pretty full but never too loud with greaaat vibes.
This place is an entire experience! We enjoyed it from beginning to end! Walking distance from old city, we chose here on elite Saturday afternoon! By the time we got there was about 1230 and there was no wait in line and our food was prepared very quickly. 

Initially when we walked in and saw the store we were a little confused as to where to go to get our food? We've never been here before and there are no signs designating whether you should order in one area and pick your food up in another. So we actually ended up going into the order line backwards and that's why we didn't see the weekend special sign that was hanging up. We read on Yelp about the veggie hash and were disappointed when we didn't see it on the menu above the registers but that's because it was a special, and it was in a separate place. So next time! 

I always make it a point to check out the restroom, and these are gender neutral and actually look like out houses! They even have bird sounds playing in the dim lit area so that you feel like you're actually outside. It was such a cool experience, there's even real wood in the stalls!

Nevertheless we all absolutely loved our food! The eggs were cooked really perfectly and the bacon has a sweetness to it that was really unique! My girlfriend loved her gluten-free sesame bagel and her breakfast sandwich and the potatoes were perfectly done. We also felt that the bread was really hearty and had a lot of seeds and yummy crunches in it! 
They also all loved their coffee! They were featuring Honduran coffee.

The store is a great place to walk around afterwards and even though it's extremely expensive, when you take in the Environmental impact that you can make by purchasing even just one thing, it makes it easier to spend $88 on a sweater. They have some really awesome stuff! And their bags are made of recycled plastic bottles!
My girlfriend tried on a pair pants that they were out of stock of and they actually took down her number and are gonna contact her when they get her size in!

We loved it here - and even though we're from Jersey, will definitely make a trip back.
Having had such a great experience at United by Blue's University City location, I found myself in Old City one afternoon looking to kill some time, so I stopped by their Old City location.  This one is spacious and welcoming with friendly, enthusiastic staff.  In addition to the coffee, sandwiches, and baked goods, the shop is well stocked with eco-friendly gifts from camping gear to clothing and accessories.  Not to mention the cafe is dog-friendly--another patron let me pet her dog (a very sweet, friendly golden retriever who was eager to give me kisses! I have a soft spot for doggie kisses!).  Since I wasn't incredibly hungry, I settled on one of their hand-pumped donuts and I was pleasantly surprised by it--not overloaded with too much cream yet just the right amount!  Will definitely return on a future venture into Old City!
I'm not a big retail shopper, but we were lured by the groupon carrot that gave you twice the cash as well as a coffee and Danish. Sold! The decor of this place appeals to me, with many up cycled and reclaimed items. I love the throwback feel, the sustainable practices, the charitable giving and the awesome coffee. Although the clothing line is not my typical style, and borders on unisex, I got a kick ass, organic cotton t-shirt touting my save-the-oceans sentiment. The quality of this shirt is such that it will last 20 years without visible wear. While normally paying $34 for a t-shirt would be out of my range, I felt good about doing it for both a good cause and a good product (did I mention for every product sold they will remove a pound of trash from the ocean? You probably already knew that).
And there's not just clothing, but bags, gifts, and home accessories.
What's most impressive about this place is the owner, Brian. Now, I am biased. I do know Brian personally, as I was his personal trainer for a short period in the fall while he was working on opening the store. He and his lovely wife Joanna  (hi Joanna!) are simply two of the nicest, humblest people I've ever met. In fact, he never even spoke about the store like it was his own. It just sounded like a project they were working on together, not this monumental, charity-driven business endeavor. You can feel good that your purchases here are not only supporting a good cause, but an entrepreneur with a heart of gold who genuinely wants to make the world a better place. I recommend you go to their website and read the About Us section before visiting the store.
The girls at the coffee counter were too busy arguing about their tips to make my coffee. When I finally asked for it, they had completely forgotten about me. When I finally got my coffee had to remind her that I ordered a pastry as well. Their organic coffee and great philosophy brought me in but the bad service will keep me away from now on. Too many coffee shops to settle for poor service!
The staff at United by Blue has some of the nicest people around.  When my friends and I visited last time, the staff was super helpful and friendly and called other stores to locate an item we wanted. They also were chill and chatted about the coffee and source and the items they sold at the store.  Yes, the prices of the goods are quite expensive, but if you are looking for high end specialty products, then this is the place to check out
Prettyyyyy darn good. Bagel sandwich was tasteful but could have used some flavor. Americano was good and bison breakfast + salad were enjoyed. Standard John Muir quotes on what looks to be a mini REI store within the coffee / breakfast shop. Draft kombucha is way better than the bottled kombucha
Updating my review -- still such a good and easy spot. BYOB brunches -- and they keep adding more items to the menu. The Benedict is awesome. Love that they've finally gone with banning the straws.
I've only been here once and I've only had their coffee, but i'm already a fan! Great freshly brewed coffee. I can't wait to try out their bakery treats. The staff is nice as well. I live in the area so i'll be frequenting this establishment in the future!
Hand pumped donut deal is awesome with nice coffee options. The barista cabin is charming and makes for a fun out of doors vibe. Views of stately big blue Ben Franklin bridge are great, especially for Insta.

Lots of 2 person tables and dog friendly, inside?

Visiting Old City definitely hit this spot for some cool threads and accessories plus bonus eats!

Oh, and it has a nice cedar smell!
This is my new favorite place in Old City - it's so pretty inside!  The space itself is airy and spacious and decorated in a really stylish way.  The clothes and bags are so nice.  They have men's and women's selections.  They also have a good selection of accessories from notebooks to sunglasses.  

I like their whole mission to remove one pound of trash from the ocean for each item sold.  I'm not sure how they do this, but it's appreciated.  I saw on their blackboard today that they even have CSA pickup.  I wasn't aware of this previously and I might join if I have local pickup in Old City where I don't have to drive.  

They have pour over coffee and I'm in love with their cronuts!  Both inside and outside seating and you won't have to fight for a table like you do at Cafe Ole.  I wish I hadn't waited so long to check this place out and you shouldn't wait either.
I have this very specific social anxiety that I experience ONLY when I enter a new coffee shop. I'm trying very consciously to expand my horizons and give local love, but you just never, ever know when you walk into a new coffee shop - will they have what I want? will they have weird sizes? do you wait at the register or do you awkwardly linger to the side? did they give me a number? will the staff judge me for being so obviously nervous and indecisive about ordering a drink at a cafe?

Anyways, I've only known UBB for their clean-ups and outdoor clothing/ accessories. Now, I'm a fan of their cafe. The staff was so lovely, so welcoming, so kind. This immediately relieved my anxiety. The morning light shines so beautifully through their floor to ceiling windows, as picturesque views of the Ben Franklin frame the sky. It's like a warm, cozy cabin in the middle of Old City. 

I only got a cold brew to-go, but I already know I'll be back when I'm feeling brave enough to order something more bold.
My favorite study spot near Penn.

United by Blue has all you could ever want: coffee, pastries, coffee, and more coffee. Their matcha latte is amazing, and their bagels w/ cream cheese are a delicious way to start your day before heading into class.

They also sell really cute hydro flasks which support clearing the oceans (for every bottle purchased, a pound of trash is cleaned out from the ocean). I purchased the yellow "the mountains are calling" hydro flask by United by Blue and I get compliments on the bottle all the time. It's high quality and less expensive than bottles on the hydro-flask website.
Finally found a good cup of coffee and a place to bring my dog. In the winter it's really hard to find a place that's not outside only for pets. The shop wasn't pack so plenty of space to sit. The barista was friendly and they had treats for my dog when I walked in. Bonus, you can shop while you get a cup of coffee and a pastry.
I've heard of the name United by Blue for awhile now, but never realized they were a franchise/chain around the city. I seen a fellow yelper check-in/bookmark the spot so I made my way here for my afternoon coffee on two occasions. 

The first time, I tried their cold brew. I didn't realize they bottled it on premise. The person at the counter informed me that it was brewed and bottled within 20 hours or so. I was under the impression that it was stale if the product didn't move. The price was a tad high, $4, but its probably due to the bottle itself. I did enjoy the taste of the cold brew, but it didn't have a lot of bold flavors. I browsed around the store a bit and they had some really nice boutique'ish things. Upon entering, I felt the shop felt more shop with a small coffee bar (as coffee didn't feel like it was the main star). 

A few days later I went back to try and hot brew of the day. I believe it was from Ethiopia? Guatemala? I forget, go to different coffee shops and get confused. One small sip of the coffee was like a kung-fu kick in the mouth---the coffee had so much flavor! It was kind of shocking and refreshing at the same time. I hadn't had a coffee like this in a long long time. I couldn't help but keep commenting to myself about the different notes, flavors, and the overall body of the coffee had. Overall, I thought it was a nice cup of coffee. It might be too flavorful to enjoy everyday... but definitely warrants a stop at least once a week or if I'm in the area.
Come here for the Sunrise sandwich on an everything bagel not the wifi. Yes, the bagel was perfectly heated and the egg was perfect as well! Delicious! I will say... best one in Philly for me. 

I came to get some work done but the wifi service they chose wasn't the best. Slow to log in and sluggish to send a simple email. Wanted to upload a 360 video clip to YouTube. That's not happening. 

5 stars for sure. The staff and food were excellent and yummy, respectively, of course. 

Definitely coming back but will hotspot my phone for wifi.
warm, woodsy, comfortable, spacious and cozy at the same time. definitely making this my regular morning stop. love the pour-over coffee that doesn't even need milk or sugar, love the shopping while you wait, love the pine cone decor on the coffee table~ and oh, love the ocean saving mission of the company. please make sure there's space for me to park for a few hours with my laptop because i can imagine the place filling up just like that. thanks for the positive experience!
Awesome little store, coffeeshop, with organic local pastries.  Try the ice cream donut!
Best thing to happen to this part of Old City! There's no shortage of coffee shops around this part of town that are great for doing work in and have great cups of coffee, but what's great about United by Blue is that it also has a great menu of food options, both suitable for breakfast and lunch, and there is almost always seating available since the space is so large. I love coming here to study and to work, as I've noticed many people do, but on weekends it's also a great place to stop for brunch. 

In terms of drinks, I've tried most of their menu and everything is great depending on your mood. They have awesome hot and iced coffees, and they serve a great matcha latte. They also have a free water fountain with both still and sparkling water which is clutch. Regarding food, I've also tried most of the menu and have loved everything. I love making my own egg sandwich for breakfast, their salads are great for lunch, and for weekend brunch my go-to is usually the eggs benedict. Lastly, make sure you try their chocolate chip cookies and ask for them warmed up; they are to die for!

Besides the food, they also have great clothing options that I have gotten for both myself and as gifts. They also strive for sustainability and promote recycling, and have the pounds of trash they have recycled updated on their wall. Overall, I come here on average three times per week, and I could t ask for a better coffee shop to live next to!
This place was quite enjoyable. The build your own sandwich I made was delicious!! Egg whites with cheese and Turkey bacon on a croissant was the best, a bit messy but what would you expect with a croissant lol. I love their eco friendly motto and the fact that there's an actual clothing and gear store incorporated. Was an overall good vibe.
I stopped in United By Blue while I was on a quick unplanned weekend trip to Philadelphia. I was staying at the Wyndham hotel a few blocks away and wanted something small but substantial for breakfast. 

I was very impressed how well they merged a clothing/outdoor goods store with the café. It didn't seem like two separate entities as much as one coherent shop. 

I had the French toast with a blueberry compote and an iced coffee. Both were very well balanced the toast wasn't overly sweet so the inclusion of the compote made it perfect rather than feeling over done and the ice coffee was perfect with just a drizzle of milk. 

Everyone working there from the guy at the cashier desk, the lady behind the counter at the café and the fellow bussing tables were clean, nice, and knowledgeable. I look forward to bringing my husband next time we are in town together.
United by Blue is a unique clothing shop in Old City that I only just came across, though they opened in the Fall of 2013. They clean up one pound of trash from the ocean for every product sold. Plus their goods are mostly made of sustainable and organic materials. The product tags are even made out of elephant poop. Pretty cool, but why does Midtown Lunch care? Oh, because they also have a cafe inside. The menu has healthy things, naturally, like salads and wraps, plus an intense coffee and tea menu. Most importantly, for my purposes, are the HAND PUMPED to order donuts.


Donuts come from Frangelli's in South Philly. A sophisticated and decadent amaretto butter cream is generously pumped in to the donut, which then gets a hit of powdered sugar. If you are rummaging through the Old City boutiques, you shouldn't miss this hidden treat.

Cronuts are also included in the baked goods offering, but that is so 2013.
Relatively new coffee shop that opened this year. One of the freshest tasting cups I've ever had. UBB has a very nice atmosphere in the store and they have free wi-fi as well if you feel like getting some work done outside the office. Had a little conversation with a few of the employees and realized how amazing this company is! They are a sustainable brand who host public waterway cleanups around the US and within the Philadelphia area. Good cause, cool clothing, delicious coffee, and friggin cronuts. Can't get any better than that.
Stopped by while visiting from Brooklyn and the place is what I would classify as heaven - coffee, food, and beautiful clothing/accessories. 

Ended up talking to Brian for nearly an hour about just about everything, incredible story of how they came to be. 

Old City was a great experience and this place topped it off. Highly, highly recommend.
This review is about one thing and one thing only, and it's not about the coffee. Let's just say I was on a mission, one of a very serious nature.

United By Blue recently opened. After the first week, I caught wind that they had donnolis. What's a donnoli you ask? Well, it's a donut with cannoli cream in the middle. Uh huh.

Well, you can only imagine how getting here and getting a donnoli became my mission. The mission was further pressed when a coworker came back with a donut and told me it was hand pressed. But it was no donnoli, so it was up to me to taste the glory.

$5 later - yes that's right, a $5 donut - I had a donnoli in my hand. Not able to wait another minute, I crammed it into my mouth as I walked. The cannoli cream was pretty darn good. But the donut was a let down. It was kind of okay, maybe even a bit stale.

Up there, at the top, where my review started, that's my bubble. Right here is where it burst.

So yeah, I got to taste a donnoli, and can say I had a $5 donut. I am more proud, though disappointed, of the former. Moral of the story - never spend $5 on a donut unless someone else has tried it and went from being a janitor to an open heart surgeon over night. So not worth it.
another coffeeshop along the lines of w/n w/n, elixr, or double knot*, this one's twist is that they sell apparel, specifically outdoorsy, mountain man apparel. think totem if they brewed reanimator coffee. last time i was here one of the employees was chopping wood with an axe while i ordered my americano.

*on a side note, i like how all these similar coffee shops are in different neighborhoods, rather than have all the good vibes bunched together.
Retail meets coffeeshop meets brunch/lunch meets camping
It's so Philly and so Pennsylvania.  The food is fanstic and fast (I really like so many of their breakfast sandwiches), but if you want something small, go Trail Oats.  The coffee is great (their own roast) and served in camping style mugs.  Atmosphere is camptastic and makes you want to just stay all day.  I love the new location!
I had a card for a free pour over coffee, so I decided to check them out. The place has a real laid back/woodsy type of feel to it. I like how you can choose 4 different types of coffee from different parts of the world. The coffee I ordered was bold and had a decent chocolate note flavor. I also got a cookie to compliment it, which hit the spot. The store in the back had a lot of cool clothes from board shorts to caps. I also like how they are very involved in the community and will have clean ups around Philly. I really enjoy this coffee shop very much, and will hope to return frequently.
Good service.  Quiet environment.  Fast internet.  I don't drink coffee, but their tea is good.
I dig this place. I would come back if I was looking to grab a coffee or have a quiet place to do work. Barista was friendly and made a yummy cafe au lait, although it could have been a little warmer. I got a free bagel & cream cheese by mentioning Yelp, so that was super awesome!

The bags & accessories are really nice & have an earthy feel to them. For the quality of the bags I think they're reasonably priced, especially since they give a one year warranty...Although $8 for a bar of soap seemed crazy overpriced.

The atmosphere is a little polished, but I liked the music they were playing - it was upbeat but not overwhelming. I couldn't get the wifi to work on my computer but the barista was really nice & gave me their back office password which did work. All in all a good spot for a beverage, a sweet bag, and uninterrupted quiet.
I love this place. It's a great cafe that supports good causes. The coffee is good and not too pricey. The front of the cafe has a few seats and free wifi if you want to come here and hang out, and in back they have a store where you can buy clothes and bags made of sustainable materials. And with every item you purchase, they pledge to remove a pound of trash from a local river or ocean. How cool! The store is also involved in the community. They sponsor waterway cleanups, participate in clothing drives like a recent shoe drive that supported merchants in developing countries, and host classes where you can learn how to be crafty and, for example, learn how to weave. The coffee itself would keep me coming back, but their social mission is an even better reason to return!
The service was great and the atmosphere was really chill. I was expecting something a bit more food than coffee oriented, but I still got one of their donuts. Good, not the best ever, but certainly worth getting again. The only thing is they only have two flavors I wish they would make a few more.
It's not a bad place if you can get a seat.
I've had to walk out several times in the course of a week because it was overrun by the laptop army occupying seats for hours with a small coffee by their side. My suggestion to the owners is to turn off the internet at all but the slowest times.
Very nice environment and location. You should come by if haven't been here.
As someone already pointed out, I'm not sure about the mix of having a coffee store and clothing store at the same time. I can only comment on the coffee section: prices are a bit expensive, but they let you know that everything they sell is rather organic or local. Also, since I guess their priority is the clothing section, they don't have much variety of pastries. Is this a good place for working? Not so sure: although beautiful there are not many sits and I didn't see a power outlet. Still, come by, beautiful space.
Pretty unique concept as it's a coffee shop/restaurant/clothing store all in one. The food is super local and super delicious. I live in the neighborhood so it's definitely one of my go to coffee shops and recently just picked up a cool backpack as well!
You whats a really really random coffee place in old city? This place. They sell jeans, and camping gear, and then they just sell coffee. Do it in the spring when theres a ferocious breeze but its just warm enough.
UBB is pretty awesome! I'm a sucker for philanthropic organizations, funky threads, and organic coffee, so this place automatically got a couple thumbs up in my book. 

The location is perfectly situated across from the oldest residential street in the country, in an artsy corner of Old City. It pretty much feels like you're walking into home, and then a clothing store, and then finally into a gourmet place to grab a bagel, sweet, or hot brewed beverage. The staff here were really friendly, and I even got a pack of free postcards with my Yelp check-in!

All clothing items sold here mean a pound of trash taken out of our waterways - how cool is that! I will definitely return when I'm in the area.
Had the loveliest brunch here on Sunday!  I got the Shepherd Sandwich on an Everything Philly Muffin. If you don't know what a Philly Muffin is, you're missing out! Philly's version of an English Muffin. 

The menu has something for everyone, including several vegetarian and vegan options. My boyfriend got the last of the Bison sausage patties, so come early if you want to try those! 

Staff is super friendly and helpful. The sparkling water on tap (free for customers) was such a treat. Don't forget to check out the cool bathrooms! 
Next time I'm going to BYOB - they provide OJ or house made bloody mix.
This location on Race Street is GORGEOUS.  We had a delicious lunch here; our food was fresh and tasty!  I had multigrain toast with an exceptional raspberry jam that they apparently make themselves, along with a cup of their flavorful coffee; and my friend had the hummus sandwich with a chai latte that she loved!  The wood interior is stunning, and the atmosphere is peaceful and calm.  I was very impressed.  This location is brand new and beautiful.  (It's also far less chaotic than their University City location.)
Great spot. Atmosphere resembles Terrain's setup (eatery/high-end goods shop/coffee bar).

Impressive menu. Lox platter was served with one of the best bagels I've found in Philly. Don't miss this spot.
A fun little shop in Old City that's doing something different! Coffee, clothes, camping equipment and candles, all in one spot, and it's all for a good cause. I had a maple spice cortado and my boyfriend got the mocha. The barista happily explained what a cortado is ("a baby latte"), and the maple spice version was a special for the season. It was great and I'm so glad I tried it. For a great Philadelphia-in-the-fall experience, grab a coffee to go, walk across the street (carefully), and check out Elfreth's Alley. Then head over to the Betsy Ross House which is right around the corner, or to any of the other great Old City landmarks.
We were staying down the street and stopped in for an afternoon  caramel cappuccino. It was fantastic! I would definitely recommend. On Monday morning, we needed an early breakfast so we stopped in. We both had bacon, egg, cheese sandwiches and two drip coffees. I asked if the their drip coffee was mild roast. I was told that their coffee was mild and smooth. I found the coffee was bold & a little on the bitter side. The sandwiches came with a side of potatoes- and they were lukewarm at best- and disappointing. The sandwich was heavy and stuck with me all morning. :( I would definitely recommend stopping in for the specialty coffees not sure if I would reorder the drip. It is a bit pricey but considering the location, it's expected. Ended up paying a little under $30 with tip. Pretty cool clothing and nick knacks. So stop on by and try something. And let me know what I should order next time.
Went here on Sunday for a little brunch and latte with almond milk.   Awesome place.  Vegan & vegetarian options, thank you very much!  Had a delicious sandwich with avocado, maple smoked tofu and tomato.  The atmosphere is very open with large windows and nice quality tables and utensils.  Love it.  We need more of this in the neighborhood.  And let's save our oceans - they remove trash from our oceans and waterways, use sustainable materials and local food.  I'll be back.
I live across the street so I am at United By Blue pretty regularly. The food has always been impressive and the ambiance is very chill. There are always some people working on their laptops. It can get busy on the weekends but I always get a table without a wait.
I came in to try a latte and got a pleasant surprise when I got a complimentary hand pumped donut with check-in. Great service and environment, awesome latte and the donut was delicious. I'll definitely be coming back here!
Visiting a friend for a week, I keep returning to this delicious spot! There are many other good neighborhood restaurants but these meals are so clean, delicious and hearty; it's perfect. The staff is friendly, it's prepared remarkably quickly, portions are generous and it has a good mission to boot! It also has an enjoyable urban environment for el fresco dining. 
Salmon Hash - incredible
Another cool find through my yoga school. They are located in local clothing store which is nice. Very pretty deco and trendy. Me and my classmates hung out here a lot during lunch break. I've never eaten here but saw sandwiches and they looked good. I didn't think their coffee was special though and somewhat pricy. But it is really cute coffee shop and I would go back there if I am near by.
Probably the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Well done.
So I'm a little torn on this place! I would lean towards 3.5 stars, but I love their cause, so they definitely get upgraded for that.

This place is a combo store/coffee shop. I love that it doesn't get super packed on the weekends, so I'll definitely be coming here more often as I can ensure some quality work getting done! 

They have a fantastic business model with a holistic approach that really stresses the importance of sustainable practices. They even have monthly clean ups to remove trash from local areas so kudos to that. They are really making a huge impact on the world, so it is a feel good being able to contribute monetarily, or even by volunteering with them.

Pros:
- Good coffee, good service, nice setup, plenty of room, scallion cream cheese, outlets in the back area, great brand and business model

Cons:
- Selection of food (no breakfast sandwiches, lunch options are limited and only meh at best and considering that, they are definitely overpriced), wifi doesn't work well - tried to connect for 15 minutes and gave up and decided to hotspot

Overall I liked my experience enough to come back. I would definitely eat before arriving, or stepping out for a bite to eat. I also wasn't a huge fan of the hand pumped doughnut, but I did like my everything bagel with scallion cream cheese.
Love their breakfast sandwiches! The goat cheese egg sandwich is my fav! They have great smoothies and cute little shop inside. I always come here for breakfast takeout
Great breakfast and brunch food at very reasonable prices compared to other places in the city. Not to mention they are very eco-friendly with a great mission to reduce one use plastic and remove trash from the ocean. The atmosphere inside is very cozy and I've bought a few of their shirts that are very well made/feel durable and high quality. The best oat milk latte in the city IMHO. Love this place!
Their new location is like walking into a winter log cabin. I Could wander through their outdoor-wear section for days. Their cafe is nothing to turn your nose up at either. I had the most delicious matcha latte with sweet almond milk while I was there exploring. 
On top of all this, UBB is committed and passionate in their mission to clean our nation's waterways, and I love supporting green and sustainable business practices.
Came here around noon on a Sunday to do some work. Was able to find a table for two easily (and with outlets!). We ordered the River Hash, Better BLT, and a hot cider. I got the tofu instead of the bacon in the BLT for the vegetarian and really enjoyed the sandwich! The cider was also delicious for a rainy day. Really liked the atmosphere - great for doing a couple hours of work. Liked the clothing they were selling as well. Also has a nice view of the Ben Franklin Bridge! Would definitely come back again :)
This United By Blue location is perfect- it's right in the heart of old city. Honestly I prefer this over Starbucks anyday. The coffee beans' smell fill the place with the most amazing aura which are then grinded and handed in a cup for you to enjoy.  My go to is always the latte with almond milk. I also like the matcha green tea- very smooth and not too sweet. They offer healthy food options which I've yet to try. Most importantly what really makes them stand out is their merchandise- there are cups, tshirts, shorts, etc. It gives off a hipster/ nature loving vibe and I love it!
United by Blue is AWESOME! It is probably peak level hipster but whatever, I love it. It's somewhere between an REI and a cafe. I like browsing the different merchandise while waiting for my order, but have never bought anything.

For food, the veggie hash was probably one of the best breakfast dishes I've had in a while. There are plenty of vegetarian and vegan options. They also have delicious coffees and pastries.
I'd call myself a regular at UBB. The place is a clothing shop as well as a cafe with an extensive breakfast and lunch menu and items that can be taken to go. 
Food & coffee: I think the food is very reasonably priced for what you'll find in Old City. There's a lot to choose from and I've been happy with everything I've tried. There's a full espresso/coffee bar and they also sell bags of whole beans (which they can grind for you if you want) to take home. You get a free coffee with your purchase of a bag. 
Ambience: there's always plenty of seating, even at peak brunch times, and you can feel free to hang around for a while to work. They're also dog friendly and have dog treats at the race street entrance.
yummy pour-overs and very friendly service. super spacious, as the front part of the place is a coffeeshop and the back has clothes, backpacks, stationary, and etc. i'd come back with a book sometime if i'm in old city.
This was a neat little place. I like the idea of clothes and natural things with a side of coffee. They would have more stars, but they didn't have half of their food menu available because they were sold out. Had to settle for disgusting KFC instead. I doubt I'll be in the area again, but it's a cool concept. The food did look delicious and the coffee/cappuccino was good. Cute baristas too!
United by Blue is a nice spot to cool down at after walking through the historic Elfreth's Alley or a fun spot to just drink good coffee at and browse through the clothes collection. 
What you should know:
I. LOCATION 
At the corner of Race & N 2nd St. You'll see apparel through the windows, but I promise there's coffee inside too. 
II. QUALITY
I'm a huge coffee snob, so I always order a black cold brew or Americano to taste the quality of the beans. Here, I ordered a Cold Brew to-go and was impressed with the richness of the brew. It's quite acidic (in a good way), so be prepared.
III. SERVICE
Quick. Friendly. No complaints. 
IV. PETS
They allow dogs inside and even have treats at the cash register for them
This is a pleasant coffeeshop/clothing store. Their coffee is wonderful and their pastries are good (NOT the best croissant doughnut, but not bad at all). They are also pet friendly -- there is a water bowl for dogs inside! Also, they are altruistic! With every purchase of an item, a portion of the purchase goes towards cleaning up the ocean. 
The place is a bit pricey, but high quality and philanthropy together = awesome.
Such a cool concept! I love the vibe of this place. I ordered a cappuccino and it was very good. I'd love to come back to try their food menu. It will be a great place for coffee/lunch work meetings too because of their large tables and wifi.
Love love love this place! As a med student, I'm always looking for new places to study. This place fits all the requirements and more!

-$4.00 matcha latte  -- made without sweetener but you can add your own simple syrup (which I love bc sometimes places make it TOO sweet); they make it with almond milk which is super light and doesn't change the taste at all

-$2.70 chocolate chip cookie -- biggest chocolate chip cookie ever with even BIGGER chunks of chocolate; i think they are semi-sweet/dark chocolate chunks. DELICIOUS! 

-wifi -- good, fast and easy

-hours -- on the weekends, they open at 8am and close at 7pm. on the weekdays, they open at 7am and close at 7pm. ample time to do work. 

-atmosphere -- bright windows and great lighting; mixture of areas to sit in (people eating meals together, people doing work on their computers, people sitting on some couches and enjoying a drink together); not super crowded so it's easy to get work done; music is light enough to focus

-water (still and sparkling) on tap!! love this 

love this place for all the reasons above, PLUS they compost and are very sustainable/eco-friendly. it's also a part-store that sells what seems to be a lot of hiking gear. super cool place. would defs return!
This shop was recommended to me by a friend to spend time while waiting for our daughters dance class to be over, what a great suggestion! There is a little cafe inside this retail store and with a great menu! I loved the clothing items and outdoor bags are well worth it to peruse through, most items are sold out online so it's nice to be able to see and try everything on. The space is a very well thought out, as earthy as an urban building can be with warm wooden floors and bright lights, very minimalistic. The outer perimeter of the store has eat in seating and the rear of the store has a high top bar that runs around the windows so you can bring your computer and get some work done. It's a nice multifunctional space!
United By Blue used to be around the corner from me but moved right across the street a few years ago. I bought some of their products early on, but I'm not much of a coffee drinker so I rarely visited the cafe. I think they've really hit their stride in both cases. Some of the gear I bought years ago was a bit of style-over-substance, but not anymore. Almost everything I buy is designed for functionality. (Yes, they still have a few hipster things I make fun of.) 

But moreover, I have been so impressed with their cafe. I still don't drink coffee (anymore, I'm old and it messes with my heart rate) but they make some of the best breakfast sandwiches in town. The Shepherd is my go-to, with goat cheese and egg, on a Philly muffin. (My boyfriend extolled the virtues of the Philly muffin to me and I thought he was exaggerating until I tried one. I stand corrected.) They have both still and sparkling water on tap for free. It's a comfortable spot to sit and telecommute. The matcha latte is really good. Definitely love this spot!
What first drew me in was their unique location and look. A great business for a great cause: environmental conversation. Order at front line, recieve drinks and food in a somewhat fast casual environment, self seated. Nature and camping decor with an open storefront. Food was decently priced for quality and quantity. Got breakfast fair and it fulfilled my appetite. Urban hip ambience with natural tones embodying the business. And that's the truth!
